? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOUENE. SODALITY OF ST. JOSEPH. On Sunday evening last the Sodality of St. Joseph, for men and boys, was inaugurated in the church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond. The Very Rev. Father Cahill, S.J., preached the sermon on the occasion. He said there were a few saints whom God choose to be the witnesses of the Incarnation of His Son. Amongst these were the Baptists, St. Zachary, St. Elizabeth, Anna, the prophetess, Simeon, and St. Joseph. These were happy links uniting the Old Law with the church of Jesus Christ. Some concep tion of the sanctity of St. Joseph might be formed from the fact that God chose him to be the spouse of the fairest and most perfect of His creatures. The Almighty prepared St. Joseph for the exalted dignity for which he intended him,-by bestowing upon him a plentitude of grace, so that the Holy Ghost himself called him " a just man." There were only one or two places in the gospel where St. Joseph was mentioned, and these were before the public ministry of Our Saviour. It was concluded from this that he died before Our Lord began his public life. It was also concluded that Our Blessed Saviour and the Blessed Virgin were present at his death, and hence he was regarded as the patron of all who seek to die a holy death. We did not find in the holy fathers any reference $0 devotion to St. Joseph in the earlier ages of the Church, but in modern times that devotion had spread throughout the Church of which in our own time he had been chosen as the patron. This was a distinction conferred on no other saint except the Mother of God. St. Patrick was the patron of Ireland, St. George of England, St. Denis of France, but St: Joseph was patron of the Universal Church. Our present Holy Father, Leo XIII., was most anxious that sodalities like that which they were inaugurating that evening should be established everywhere, so that the baneful influence of Freemason^ and other secret societies should be counteracted. The preacher then read an extract from a speech of the Holy Father, in whichjhe expressed his earnest desire that laymen should bind themselves together and co-operate with the clergy in resisting the infidelity and hostility to the Church, which were so prevalent in every part of the world at the present day. One of the most treacherous of the secret societies to which he (Father Cahill) had alluded wab the Freemasons, whose avowed objectWas the destruction of Christianity. They, even ignored the name of GOD ; they called Him "The Archit^t of the Universe." There were other societies which brought their members to the brink of the precipice, and there left them. Many fell over. At the conclusion of the sermon the Rev. Father Mulhall, S. J., read the litany of St. Joseph, after which, at the altar railing, he invested 29 men and boys with the large medal and blue ribbon of the sodality., A hymn to St. Joseph was then sung by the members, and an act of consecration, to th'e saint was recited by Father Mulhali; The same Father then gave benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament. His Grace : the Archbishop was to have been present, but was prevented by indisposition. Hu Grace, however, had blessed the medals. EMEEALD HH.L CATHOLIC YOUNO MEN'S SOCIETY. The usual weekly meeting of this society was held in the SS. Peter and Paul's schoolroom on Monday evening, 31st March ; Mr. Jas. Noonan, S.V.P., ip the chair. Messrs. H. and F. Hartley, P. Mornane, and T. Farnand were admitted members of the society., The secretary reported that a number of members had visited the , Melbourne Society and spent a. pleasant evening. It was unanimously agreed that a dona tion 6f £2 2s. be given by the society at j the Easter offerings.. Other business was transacted;, : after which the following members contributed • to the evening's amusement with songs and recitations : Messrs. J. Griffin, Tfttzgerald, Dunn, Kenny, Bacon,. Gtiscnvinckle, .Noonan, and M. Griffin. The ineeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. , HOLY WEEK. .. , The ceremonies , of 'Holy Week in the Metropolitan Church and St. Francis' Charm will be as follows 7—-The office of _ the Tenebrae on the evenings of ednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at half-past sixo* clock. Mass, the blessing f the holy oils .and procession to -the ltar of irepose,. at eighto'clock oh Holy/ hursday morning. . His Grace the' rchbishop will officiate in the Metro-;.' 'ulit&n; Church. Mass of the praaaancti- " ied and adoration of the croasonGobd Friday, at eleven o'clock. His Grace the Archbishop will celebrate in St. Patrick's. The annual charity sermons in aid of the male and female Catholic Orphanages at Emerald THUI ; will be preached in the evening In the Cathedral by the Rev. M. Watson, S.J., and in St. Francis' Chnrch by the Rev. Mr. O'Callaghan. Mass, and the blessing of the font, fire, and paschal candle, at eight o'clock on Saturday morning. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Goold will officiate in the Metropolitan Church. His Grace will celebrate Pontifical High Mass in the Cathedral on Easter Sunday at eleven o'clock. At St. Francis' Church the choir will perform special musical selections at the eleven o'clock Mass. PALM SUNDAY. On to-morrow (Palm Sunday) the palm branches will be blessed in the Metropolitan Church and St. Francis' Church at the 7 o'clock Masses, and distributed at all the Masses. LENTEN SERVICES. The services for the holy season of Lent were continued in the Metropolitan Church and St. Francis* Church everyevening during the past week. The preacher in the Cathedral was the Rev. Mr. O'Callaghan, and in St. Francis' Church the Rev. J. Heffernan. [From our Geelong Correspondent.) CATHOLIC EDUCATION. On Sunday last the Venerable the Archdeacon announced that he had received the sum of £15 from St. Patrick's Society, and a similar amount from St. Mary's Total Abstinence Society, as contributions towards the school fund. The Archdeacon expressed his gratification at witnessing such a tangible proof of the Catholic spirit animating the members of the two societies. THE UNITED TOUNO MEN'S PICNIC. This annual event, which takes place in GeelongonEaster Monday, is causing considerable excitement in local circles. - An' energetic committee, is busily engaged in perfecting all arrangements, and, should, the weather be propitious, the demonstration will undoubtedly be a success in every sense of the ! word. The local youtig men expect the majority of their guests by the early trains, those from Melbourne to arrive at abont 8.20, and from Ballarat at 8.35. The visitors will be received at the railway station by the officers and members of the Geelong Association and entertained at breakfast, after which a start will be made for the scene of the day's festivities—the Eastern Park. Here a-variety of eports, too numerous to mention, will be provided, and. dinneristo be served up at two o'clock in the large rotunda. In the evening the Public Library Hall, in Moorabool- street, will be the scene of a grand ball and supper, for which it is hoped as many as possible of the visitors will be able to remain. Business engagements, Of CDURSE, will necessitate a considerable number leaving by the late trains; but, for the information of our Melbourne friends, it may be well to mention that n early train now leaves here at 7 a.m., by whioh they will be able to reach the city before nine o'clock. • Invitations to the picnio have' been sent' to the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D., nd the local clergy, all of whom will, no doubt, be present, xmlessdutycallB elsewhere. A general' hope' is exprfessfed hat the Rev. R. J. Cielary, of Ballarat, will lso be present, as the/ members of the eelong Association 'are anxious to epay the kindness with which they were treated by Father Cleary in Ballarat last ear. LENTEN DEVOTIONS. The Lenten devotiona were continued during the past week, the Venerable the Archdeacon and Father Finn officiating at Mary's, and the Rev. D. Quinn at SS. Peter and Paul's. The congregations in botl1 churches were large. Father Quinn, it is understood; wifl . 1 preach the Passion sermon on Good Friday evening. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. Upwards of forty members attended last Friday evening to hear the Monthly Magazine read. The leading article by the editor, Mr. J.. F. Hogan, was entitled The West Bourke Election arid its Lessons," and' dealt exhaustively' with the political contest that has i^cently engrossed public attention'. Mr. R. Bourke contributed the! second of a series of articles on " Our Public Buildings." The subject this time was the Geelong Hospital, and, in. describing that institution,. Mr. ^Bojirfce showed that he was a very keen, observer. Mr. G. Wilson read a.„ welljWTitteh paper on "The Evils of lntoxicating Liquore,'' nd Mr. R, Clanchy's article on " Cruelty o Animals'' certainly deaeryed all the raise it received. Mr. W. M'Donald's ".Hints to .Our 'Members" touched upon ome veiy deisirable reforais in reference to &e; working of the association. In an article headed " Passing Events," an nonymous Writer pleasantly hit off the ollies of the hour. The Magazine, on the whole, was a decided improvement on previous numbers, both as regards the number and quality of the contribu. tions. A splendid edition of Abbe MacGeoghegan's "History of Ireland" was presented to the library of the association by Mr. Matthew Doogan, to whom a hearty vote of thanks was accorded. 