STORYTELLER. SAMMY'S LUCK. A. Miiitug Episode- I {WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR TBE CHRONICLE.) Sammy was very drunk. It is true the fact was hardly to be wondered at, when it is taken into consideration that from seven o'clock in tbe morning of tbis Christmas Eve in question he had spent some fourteen hours in sampling and analysing tlie various brauds of intoxi cating liquors sold by. the several pub licans who drove their trade with more or less profit iu the mining township of Reefton. Tbe wonder would rather be that Sammy should do the same and re main sober. However, tbe result was as I have stated. At 10 p.m. Sammy was hopelessly, helplessly drunk, two miles from his own humpy, not a soul to see bim home, and a network of shafts lying in tbe road he would have to cross, always presuming be were able to pick out his right track. Leaving tbe bar of the 'Ballarat Star,' Sammy had held on bis way well enough for a few hundred yards, but soon lie began to feel the cfifects of the open air acting oil bis senses after the stifling heat of the shanty bar room ; his gait became more and more unsteady, bis tacks to port and starboard more frequent, until at length, with a few abstract re marks as to the state of tbe road aud the unblushing knavery of the Reefton pub licans ' for selling a — mail drugged liquor,' he collapsed in a heap, or I might say two heaps — Hamiiiy himself re presenting the one and the mullock heap of tlie ' Blood and Thunder ' prospect claim, on which he subsided, the other. Now, before I proceed further, I must beg leave to point out that Sammy, though as druDk as David's sow (bvtlie way, how did the ' sweet Psalmist of Israel' manage to intoxicate bis porcine friend 7) on this occasion, was by no means an habitual drunkard. On the contrary, although not a professed Good Templai, Sammy, in his habitual and ordinary abstention from over-indulgence in intoxicating fluids, would put to shame rnauy a follower of llechab who marches proudly under the banner which boasts the mystic letters ' I.O.G.T.' How, then, i6 Sammy's state oil this Christmas Eve to be accounted for 7 What reason could he have had for reducing himself to the condition of the traditional animal above alluded to ? For tho mattor uf that, why does anyone get drunk 7 The mere love of the liquor itself, in ninety nine cases out of every hundred, has nothing whatever to do with it. Various causes drive unhappy mortals to the bottle as a relief from their troubles. TTnrennited love, pecuniary difficulties, undeserved neglect on the part of the ' powers that be,' the death of a dear relation or friend, disappointed ambition, all these causes aud many others, to enumerate which would fill the whole Christmas supplement of tho Chronicle, will send a man to seek a temporary relief and oblivion in the bottle. Which had contributed to Sammy's collapse on the mullock heap of- the 'Blood and l'hunder prospect claim 1 As to the first of the causes I have above alluded to — in part, Sammy owed bis present condition to that. Sammy was certainly in love — very much so ; but his love, so far from being unrequited, was returned with interest. No ; Sammy suffered from a want of that article which has been styled ' the root of all evil,' aud, in consequence, his matrimonial as pirations had been blighted. At oue time, and that, too, at no very remote period from the epoch of this story, Sammy had been rather well-to-do. When Reefton was first prospected, and the inevitable rush took placc, he had been one of the first to arrive, and had secured a fair amount of the auriferous deposits of the gullies ; but ' appetite comes with eating,' as the French say, and what he bad already gained only made him the more eager to secure further spoil. When the alluvial yields began to fall -CP ,rn1.;n.,c .-i/'li vnnfc iwrP nnened. Sammy, to use his own phrase, ' weut in for them a perisher.' Luck did not stand to him as it did ill the alluvial days, and about twelve months' reckless specu lation in quar z mining lelt him as penni less as when he first arrived on the field, the only remaining mining property he possessed on this Christmas Eve being a one-sixth share in the ' Blood and Thunder' prospect claim, winch same claim had been granted six mouths' exemption by the Gold Commissioner, on account of the shareholders having put iu the required amount of labor iu develop ing the claim wuliout having been for tunate enough to obtain payable results, and oil the mullock heap of this property of questionable value Sammy was now sleeping the sleep of the just that is, when the just are overcome by bad battle axe brandy. How long Sammy slept he never knew. When he told me the events of that re markable night some months after, he professed to have no recollection of leav ing the bar of the ' Ballarat Star,' of subsiding on the mullock heap, or of waking up. The night was pitch dark when he fell asleep, and tbe moon, as I learn by referring to the almanac for the year, rose about half-an hour after midnight. As Sammy told me the moon was fairly up when he awoke, I fancy I shall not be far out in my reckoning if I put down the time as not much earlier or 1 later than 1 a.m. on the morning of Christmas Day. I proceed to relate what happened, as told me by Sammy himself, merely remarking here that I have altered and toned down a good deal of his narration, as a great part of it was couched in language which, though un doubtedly rigorous, terse, and pic turesquely expressive, can hardly be re produced in its entirety in these columns. Sammy awoke then about one o'clock in the morning. The act of awakening was not voluntary on his part, nor in the natural course of events had his slumber been allowed te extend itself peacefully. He was awoke by a hand being laid on his shoulder aud he himself being rudely shaken, while a deep voice shouted in his ear, ' Wake up, mate, what are you sleeping on a mullock heap for this fine moonlight night, rouse up, man, rouse up.' Rolling over to one side after rubbing his eyes for a miuute, Sammy leant his head in bis band and looked up at the speaker. He was a tall thin fellow, dressed in a bright crimson shirt, mole skin trousers, and a ' full-share ' felt hat. Round his waist ho wore a broad leather strap, attached to which was a revolver slung on his right hip, and a huge sheath knife at his left, a black clay pipe was between his teeth, from whicb lie was puffing smoke like a factory chimney. He had a leng moustache and imperial of a jet black hue, and waxed at the ends ; a hook nose and eyes that Sammy said, (lashed in tbe moonlight like a couple of — well, 6ay reddish fire flies. After looking at Sammy intently for a moment, tlie stranger eat down on the mullock heap beside bim, and taking bis pipe out of his mouth for a moment, ad dressed liini as follows : — ' You look pretty boozey on it old man, what del you say to a refresher?' Before Sammy bad answered the ques tion, the new comer had taken a flask from a pocket in his shirt, uuscrewed the top, and passed it over with the remark that it would wake a last year's corpse, let alone a poor devil on the burst.' Sammy reached out his hand and took the flask ; but stopped its journey half way to his lips, aud stared intently at the donor. ' Drink, man,' said that individual; ' what the b — 1 do you want to stop for ( It's not poison.' 'Who are you?' said Sammy. 'I never seen you before that I know of.' ' Perhaps not ; you have never soeu me before or behind either, that ^ know of, but drink man, drink. It will do you good, and when you've had a good swig, I want to talk tn you. I know you if you don't ltuow mc, and I'll do more for you before I've doue then cure your sore head.' Thus urged, Sammy raised the flask to Ilia tins and took a lontr null. To this day he is unable to inform me what tho liquor was, as he had never tasted the like in any public house, hotel, or sliauty iu tbe colony. Its effect was magical ; | all the results of the late spree, parched i throat, headache, and weariness vanished j on the instant, aud he felt, to use his owu | expression, as lively and wicked as a whim horse after a month's unlimited corn, and no work. | 'There,' said the new comer; 'now ? I ? 1- ? ? l;i-„ „ n-inmn moil ill fill yuu 1UUII mun WW « ....... — — you did when I came up Talk about the blessings of temperance; 'I'll back the con ents of that flask to do you more good in two minutes than all the temperance lectures Father Henneberry is likely to deliver in the Australias.' ' Father who 7 I never heard of him, ? ? ? I,-.- t» our priest b 'aiuc io wwun. ' Oil, never mind, Henneberry has not arrived out here yet, and won't for the next eight years for that matter ; only I happen to know that lie is coming.' ' And who are you that know what is to happen eight years hence.' 'Never mind who I am, it's enough f0i. you to know I am here, and that I am going to do you a good turn ; I've had my »-?« nn vn» these twelve months altliouiih you never saw me before. As to Henne berry, never mind him, time enough to think of hira when he does come. Sammy, I know a good many thiugs, and among others I happen to be aware of the fact that you are as hard up as a poor devil can possibly be. You have not one six pence to rub against another. Isn t that a fact ?' ' A particularly d — u noma iact, dui why do you ask? JYou seem to know pretty well all about it.' ' Yes, I do know most things cer tainly. Among other small items of in formation, I can tell you oue that will interest you and that is — but stop. First, I will ask you a question. What are you sitting on now.' ' A b ? y mullock heap ; any fool can see that for himself.' ' Like enough, that's not what I mean. I know a mullock heap pretty well when I see one ; hut what else are you sitting an ?' ' The ? Blood and Thunder ' prospect claim, bad luck to it for the greatest duffer on the diggings.' ' Wrong again from start to finish, so far from being the biggest duffer on the field, it contains the heaviest deposits of gold yet unearthed within ten miles.' 'That be d — d for a yarn. Look here, mate, you may know all about Father whats-his- name coming out here in eight years, he might have told you, and per haps he may keep his word ; Lut I'm ,1 ? J if you know more about this duffing old one-horse claim than 1 do, considering I've worked it the last six 1 months and never saw a color. I'll swear you never ,put a pick in the ground in your life.' « Perhaps not, Sammy ; but for all that I happen to know the. gold is there, and a month's work wou'd make you the richest man on the field if you only obey my directions, and do exactly what I tell yon.' f I'll just tell you what it is,'' said Sammy, ' either you ought to be in Woogaroo for the d — est old lunatic in the place, or else you have -been having a lonj pull at that stuff in your flask ; unless, indeed, you may happen to lie the Devil himself.' 'Uo such luck, Sammy. I'm not the Devil himself, nor any re'ation of his, that I am aware of ; anc I am neither mad nor drunk. What I tell you is perfectly true ; this c'aim of yours you call a duffer, is really tho richest claim on the field. Don't imagine because yon don't happen to have dropped on it, the gol t is not there. I ti-11 you it is — in heaps — only waiting to be tapped.'' ' Then why the h — 11 don't you tap it yourself, if you know all about it ; I'm not quite such a particular d — d fool as to believe that if you knew what you say is true, you'd take the trouble to come and put me on ; you'd precious soon jump the claim as soon as the exemption was up, anil get it yourself. No, mate, no more of that humbug ; if you're any more of the same stuff left in tbe ftisk, I don't mind another pull, but no j more of that rubbish. I can swalloir the liquor, but not the rot you talk about gold being in heaps in this infernil old ' Blood and Thunder Claim.' ' The s' ranger, hy way of reply, handed over the flask once more. Sammy: took it, unscrewed the top, and starting to his feet, exclaimed : — ' Why, d — d if the flask aint full again ! How the dev'l did you fill it ; and where did you fill it from any way 1 Have you got two flasks about I you 1' ' Not exactlv : tbis is a patent sort of flask, something like tho conjuror's bottle, as yoi; may perhaps have hoard of — it is never empty.' ' Sammy started in astonishment for a moment, then ( perhaps with a view to put the stranger's words to the test) took a long pull, and screwed on the top once more.' 'Now,' said the stranger quietly, while refusing to take tbe flask back, 'just unscrew the top again and see how much is in it now.' Hastily unscrewing the flask, Sammy did as he was bid,, when, to bis astonish ment, he discovered the flask was, as before, full to the biini. ' Well ' said lie, at length, ' this beats cock- fighting.' 'Oh, it s simple enough wnen yon know trick, like lots of other things in this dirty little world. There are far more wonderful things than that I could show you; but time is flying and I must be going. Now, Sammy, 6it down once more. Listen to what I say, follow my directions, and my word for it, 3-0111* for tune is made.' Sammy sat as lie was bid — in fact, he could not but do as lie was bid, as he afterwards told me he at the time felt 30 fairly astonished, that if he (the stranger) bad bid him jump down the iiaiu shaft of the claim, he must, perforce, have obeyed him. Certainly, a friend ivlio offers a never-ending supply of undeniable liquor should claim some slight shew of respect, and a readiness to accede ,10 his wishes. ' Now Sammy, answer me truly the questions I am about to ask you. First, do you want to marry your pretty sweet heart, the daughter 01 inaicross-giuiucu old selector at Somerset Crack ?' ' If you know anyth ng at a1!, you must know how to auswiir that qneslion. Of course, I do.' ' And what prevents y m doing as you wish 1' ' Just this, that as you said not ten minutes ago, I have not one sixpence to .mlncl: nnnlher. Whv. mail. I got drunk to day on credit.] If I'd had to pay cash down for every gobbler I wanted, I'd have just bad to havebone without, for I hadn't money enough to raise as much good liquor as would have made a foot bath for a mosrjuito.' 'Very good. Supposing I showed you where to drop on to it heavy, would you follow my instructions ?' ' Try me, that's all.' 'Good again; now tell me, how far is your main shaft sunk in this claim, which vnn eall such a duffer?' ' Well, not more than sixty feet at tin outside.' - . ; 1 ? , ' And what reef have you sunk it on / ' On the big reef ; the one that out crops for about six hundred feet due nortl and south— the same blasted reef that tin chaps on No. 2 north have taken close u| four thousand ounces of gold out of, ant we fellows never seen $ ghost of color 11 the ground.' ' Yes, that is your idea. Wow lool here, you never made a bigger mistake ii vour life, Sammy ; you uever were on th same reef as the No. 2 chaps got their ns out of.' , , ... ' How t'_a b— 1 do yo'2 know tbat I think tbe chaps as have worked th infernal duffing old barren rockou^btt know pretty well what they ve bee working on.' ' I don't what they ought to know ; only know this, that they are all wron) Now, Sammy, listen ; I'll put you on ti right lay. Never mind who I am, or ho I come to know it. In the morning get tape and measure off sixty feet due wes of vour main shaft, put down a new hoi there, and see what vou^ will get befoi you have sunk forty feet. » But suppose — ' began Sammy. a Suppose nothing at all, only do as tell you : only there are certain condiUor Vou' will have to comply with ; lf youbrea them, your luck will vanish : the first that ? ' Ah 1' said Sammy, stavting np, ' T. wl see what it's coming to now : yon want \vi pie to sign some paper. I've read of sucb things before. Well; I've no objection ; qu I'm poor enough and desperate enough, ul! God knows. I suppose I should go to tw the devil, anyhow, sooner or later; so hand one, over and I'll sigu if you have any ink handy.' y0 ' What arts yon talking about. Ah ! M, I sen that liquor has got into your head. To Why, man, I really believe you take me Co tor old Nick himself. You never were j„ more mistaken in your life. Why, von p0 fool, if I were the powerful gentleniun you take me for, and 1 knew yon were coming to me sooner or later ; why on . j earth should I trouble myself about you. Time enough to make your acquaintance ^ at the appointed date. No ; my condi- ^ tions are very simple, and will be as easy for you to comply with as for me to ask.' ' Well then, lire away.' ^ 'First, 5'ou are to take up all the m abaudoned shares in the claim — altogether El, six twenty-fourths. You arc. not to keep -Ju them yourself, but you are to give them away to three different people ; that is, one j.| twelfth each. One of these you must give to Paddy Quin, the surveyor, he is : an old chum of mine, and I want to do ^ him a good turn ; the other two you may ^ give to who you like, provided you give ^ not a scrap to 011c man. If yon give tbe ^ ghost of a show to that one mail, I I' ^ spoil your luck, even if your gold is in ; the. safe of the National Bin!;.'' J ' Well, drive ahead, who is the man ?' ' Old Levison.' ' What old Levison ; tbe fellow who sn keeps the assay office 1 No fear of m v fo giving bim a d ? d inch of ground iu ail the claim. You can bet your red shirt th, oil that. Is tbat all ?' joi ' Stop a moment. After you have got the dividend you will receive from Q; the second crushing, you are to sell your ]m interest, marry your sweetheart, clear yc: out of the dig^iu^s altogether, and never return. Do you promise !' jj, ' Of course I do, tlloiwh I expect its tin all gammon after all, and all tbe gold I thi am likely to get I'll lie able to put in my be eye, an 1 see 110110 the worse; still I'll pa chance it.' su ' Very well ; now I must be off. Remember what you have to do. If you an are not a rich man before two months of qv the new yeai are passed, never believe me again. Here, take one more drink at parting, for my time here is up. You ^ will have, no difficulty in starting the 1V work, as you will find to morrow morn ing ; here, take a good pull at it, tor the last .' v Sammy, for the last time, placed his h lips to the flask, and as he drank, the t stranger seemed to vanish softly from bis |j view. He has a faint recollection of the t! flask being taken from his hand and feel- ii ing an overpowering sensation of drowsi- ]- ness steal over him. Gradually he sank J back 011 the mullock heap once more, aud j S fell sound asleep. n ###***# Christmas morning broke dismally — a ai regular steady drizzle. When Sammy y- awoke he felt chilled to the marrow, aud a' sore in all his joints. It was an hour « after daybreak when he awoke, and rising from his mullock heap muttered to tl himself, ' By G— d, it was only a dream c after all, well 1 11 get away home.' V 'D— d queer though,' he continued, n ' after that burst yesterday my head is as sound as a bell, and I seem to taste that I fellows liquor yet; it was — hallo, am I t dreaming still ? — 110, sure enough its day light, and this ' — stooping and picking up t some weighty substance off the bittom of v the heap, 'is real and solid enough. By God, I'll do what that fellow said, dream ' or not.' I The ' solid substance' Sammy had t picked up was a piece of surface quarlz, off which the morning rain had washed the c dirt and clay, exposing heavy coarse gold 1 to view. When Sammy crushed it, lie 1 washed some ii I'ty ounces of gold from the 1 stone, the total weight of which was. 1 barely six pounds. I 1 ) ' That must be what that fellow meant,' 1 said Sammy, ' when he said I'd see in tho 1 morning there would be no difficulty in ^ starting the work. Well, I'll stick to i every word ho told me, and as to old 1 Levison getting a share, I'll sec him J ? d first. I wish, though, that rod 3 shirtcd old cock had left his flask behind him, the liquor was real good, 110 matter 1 where he got it from.' . * # * * * * * 1 The clerk of the Gold Commissioner at s Reefton opened his office at nine in llie 1 morning of the 27th December, 18—, with 1 a hearty wisii that tho Christmas festivi 1 ties of the two previous days would have the effect of stopping all business in his c department till the advent of the New fi Year. e An unusual indulgence in plum pud e dings and mince pies, to say nothing of various strong liquors which had served 7 the purpose of washing down these rich e dainties, combined with late hours, during 0 which the clerk and other kindred spirits a had indulged in post midnight symposia had had a tendency to render his head the 1 reverse of clear, and in a fit state for the j. duties of his office. le Hardly had he taken his seat and began w to realise the fact tbat a ' refresher' a would prove highly acceptable, when to it him enters a brother civil servant, also e labouring under A touch of the same e complaint. The new comer was the Clerk of Petty Sessions, who had opened his office with a I heartfelt prayer that the police depart is ment would have .no cases for a day o' k two, which would necessitate the taking of is depositions before the Police Magistrate, or any of the member* of the local Bench 10 represented the ' unpaid '' legal sdom of (he Hecfton district. '? Anything fresh V was (he first cn irv of (I10 new comer, after the usual irning greetings had passed between the j 0. ' No ' Not even tbe Registrar, ch 7 well, u look pretty seedy on it, anyhow, uliing very fresli about you old man. ill you what it is, my boy, you want a rpse reviver, aud no mistake. Come over the way aud sample your favorite ison.' ' Some one might come in,' ' Let them wait ; why, my good man, anyone did come in, you could not lend to them with that gooseberry look out you. Come on, you'll be all the tter for a few liairs of tlie dog.' ' Well, I dare say I may as well do a lider while I am about it. There's no istakc I've got a frightful head this orning. I never can sit up late and uokc without feeling queer in the morn- , ' Oh, that's all very fine ! A fellow ke you puffing away all day like a fac iry chimney, and not able to smoke at ight ! Come, that won't do. It's not noke, old man, it's something very (lif erent; although, as yo;ir favorite liquor appens to be Irish whiskey, (here might a a trace of smoke about it too. Don't ju remember the old song iu praise of DOleeii,' where the gentleman who sings iys he likes it ' with (he smell of the noke on it still' ?' ' Well, never mind ; smoke or no 10-e, wc will go over the way and rlifv exhausted nature. By Jove, here's other man in uiueh tbe same state, by d look ot him. We'd better ask him to 11 in, too.' Enter the mining surveyor, Mr. Patrick lin, a gentleman from the ncighbor od of Cork originally, but for many irs a sojourner in the colouies. It needed but litllc persuasion to induce r. Quin to join in, so the trio crossed 2 road, and entering the bar parlour of 3 Criterion Hotel, the C.P.S rang the 11, and told his friends to nominate their rticular vanities. These were speedily pplied, anil tbe inevitable result ensued. First, Mr. Paddy Q:iin rang tbe bell, d on the landlord's appearance, rc icsted that functionary to ' (ill them up ;aiu.' ] Naturally, aficr tbis second instalment nd been duly accounted for, the third lan could do no less than have the lassi-s oncc more replenished. After this rapid succession of fluids, it rould bo thought the three friends would ave separated, and betaken themselves 0 their respective offices. Such might nve been (he case, but for the arrival ou lie scenenf a now-eoinor, 110 less a person, ideed, tlian .Mr. Sammy Green (bytlie ve, I believe I have not hithertj iutro ueed him by his surname). However, ammy it was, and apparently 011 busi ess. ' Morning, gents,' was his salutation, 5 he entered the bar parlour. ' Beg our pardon, Mr. Ilemson,' he added, ildrcssing tbe Mining Registrar, ' but I ant to see you most particular.' 'Oh, d ? it all, Sammy,' exclaimed bat functionary, 'surely to goodness you an let me alone during the holiday week. Vliat 011 ear b do you want ? You have ot found something new, surely.' ' Well, not exactly anything new, but want to take up some ground, for all hat.' ' Well, come on, Sannny ; I'll go over 0 the office with you. But yon may as fell have a liquor before you go.' 'Yes, of course,' added the C.P.S. ' Liquor up first, Samui\', and do the msiness afterwards. It will be done all he better for a little moistening.' ' Right you are, gentlemen ; I've no ibjoction ; only its my shout.' Then; ?inging the bell, Sammy gave the land ord, on his entrance, the necessary order, vhicli, being duly executed, Sammy closed lie parlour door carefully, and turning to the others, delivered himself as follows : ' Look here, genMenien, I'm right glad [ met you all three together just now. It just makes it easy for mc to do something 1 have promised to do. You, Mr. Quin,' he cou inued, ' I 11 talk to you first. The thing is this, I am going to give you a rise.' 'Tbe divil, ye ave, Sammy,,' exclaimed the individual addressed, 'and how arc ye going to manage that little business 7' 'Quiet, Mr. Quin, easy a minute. - 1 said I was going to give ye a rise, anu ye'll find I will be as good as my word But first I must get all you three gentle men to go over with me to Mr. Hemson'i office. I'll explain all 1 m going to d( over there.' ' By Jove ! Sannny is mysterious thii morning,' said the C.P .S. ' Are yoi going to make my fortune too ?' ' Perhaps, sir, I might, if ye like t- fake what I shall offer you by-nnd-bye I would not say bnt what I might ; yot shall judge for yourself ' Well Sammy, '' said Quin, ' what' the good of beating about the bush. Com to the point now and give us an idea o your little game.' ' Well, gentlemen, you know the oh ' Blood and Thunder ' pro-pect claim.' 'Know it,' exclaimed Quin, and th C.P.S. in a breath. ' Good lord, mar is that the place where you have struck patch 7' ' I say, Sammy,' continued the C.P.S ' I am very much afraid tbat the Christ mas holidays have been too much fo you, or else you would never talk c rises and the ' Blood and Thunder ' pros pect in the same breath.' ! ' My God 1' continued Quin, ' Samm, most be awfully tight to talk about mak ing a rise on tho d— — est 'duffer on the field.' ' Well, gentlemen, as yon please, I am going to take up aud work the claim, and I am applying for the abandoned shares. I will give each of you gentlemen a chance of taking up a bit of them ; if you like to take 'it, well and good ; if not, I dare say I can find others that will ; but now Mr. Hemson, if yon will come over with me, I'd like to apply for them abandoned shares and take up the claim again with a fresh party, as I want to start there again as soon as possible,' j ' Well, but Sammy, you must have J some l-eas 11 for it ; you were dead broke J yourself by sticking to the claim so long. I Have you found anything ?'' I '? Never miml what. I found, you come 1 on and make it all rightabout my apuli- ' cation for the abandone / shares ao d then may ho I'll he able to I at to you a bit k and show you the. claim is 110 such great m duller afler all.' fl ' All right, Sammy,' said Mr. Ilemson, I ' come along over to tlie office and tho I four walked over to the Commissioner's B bureau together. ? Here the neccssarv forms were soon got I through to secure the. abandoned shares. ? Q.iin applied for one and the C.P.S. for I another. The Mining Registrar, to use ? his own expression, funked on it, though * strenuously urged by bis two friends to ' chance the ducks.' ' No, Sainmv,' Raid he, ,' I can't do it Lhis time: I'm too hard up. Besides, what show have you got? There's been no now discovery made there that 1 have beard of, and everyone knows that the claim has always been a regular duller.' ' Suppose, now,' said Sammy, ' I say, first suppose, for the sake of argument, as something had been found.' ' Yes ; and suppose, 011 the other hand, there hadn't.'' '? Aye, but wc won't suppose that just yet, anyhow ; let us suppose tbe other first.' ' By Jove, I believe Sammy has struck it.' ' Bedad, then,. I hope so,' observed Mr. Quin. ' What would you say gentlemen if I told you I had actually struck the colour at last ?' ' Say 7 well, I should be inclined to say it was a little bit of shice, Sammy ; only I don t think shice is much in your line.' ' Suppose 1 showed you good coarse I gold though, gol two days ago.' ' What ? on Christinas day?' ' Yes, Christmas day.' ' Well, couie to the bed rock Sammy, lull us plainly wha' il is you have got.' ' Wei1, giMitli'ineii, I'll just show you exactly what 1 bav.'- )t, only it won't do to sbo.v it here ; we mi^' t have a dozen chaps rushing in and interrupting. You must coirie over to the hotel again.' Sammy led tbe way across tbe road, a id tbe foul- were soon seated once more in tbe bar parlour of tho ' Criterion.' 'Now,' said Sammy, ' what would you say if I should show you close up ten ounces of gold hammered out of a piece of stone t'.iat didn't weigh six pounds 1' His companions looked at each other, but slid nothing. ' Well, it's more than tbat ; more than double that, aud something over.' Sammy h'ro produced a bag made of chamois leather from bis pocket, and throwing it on tbe table said: — 'Then;, do you h ar that ; that sounds heavy enough don't it ?' ' Bedad thin, if it's all gold in there Sammy, there's nearer forty ounces than ten,' quoth the surveyor from Cork. ' Yes, and more to tbe back of that,' re plied the lucky reefer. ' Hold on till I open it out.' Sammy indulged no more in his skir mishing tuctiss, bnt proceeded, as it wero, to a general advance of bisl wbolo line- to settle matters at once. Untying the mouth of the tia^ bespread that mornings editionof the Hcefton Mining Gazette upon the talile, and turned tlie contents of the bag 011 to thu erudite leading article of tbat well conducted journal, saying as ho did so : — ' Well, bow's that for high?' After l.lie first astonishment at the sight had in some degree subsided, the silence was first broken by the Mining Registrar, who remarked : — ' I'll change my mind, Sammy, and 1 take tbat share if you have no objection?' ' Right you are, sir ; but look here, ! all of you, there's one thing I forgot to I mention before, and tbat is, that you are welcome to these shares. I have got \- plenty for myself, but there's one thing j arid that is if any of you get tired of it, \- or funk 0:1 it, you are to transfer them to me or sell them to me at the market 5 value, whatever that may be at the time.' l ' That's a bavgaiu,JSammy,' exclaimed tho three in a breath. 3 ' Well, then, the thing's done; .I'm i, going to start work to-morrow- morning, 1 and I hope yon won't be long before you hear some news worth the hearing from s the ' old duffer.'' And Sammy^ewept up e his gold once more into tbe chamois f leather bug, rung the bell and told the boss of the establishment ' to fill them d glasses up once more.' This refreshment duly put away, Sammy went off on e business connected with working the 1, claim 011 tbe following morning; the', a Mining Regis rar went off with a gentle man who wished to make a transfer ; Mr. Paddy Quin suddenly remembered there was a guinea or two to be picked ,r up if bo could only make op bis Blind if to finish a plan of a certain mine, tha \- details of whicb he bad all marked out in his note book ; and the C.P.8. was led y away captive by an unwholesome-looking \- female of some forty-live aammon, vei y . far gone in gin, and with a reinaikaUe prolutiiTaiicn or swelling on tbe left eye, who stiitfid that she wished at once to iay an informalion for assault and obscene language against some other female fi-ipivl witb w l.oni sin1 had lmd some dis ajrT' ement peculiar to the season. The C. P.S. accordingly awoke from his dreams of nuggets, 'lid replacing his pipe, with a sigh walked (iff to his offce with a devout wish tbat all women who drank gin would die off »t thirty ; Mr Quin's part ing salutation being ; — 'Mind -\hat you're about old man, she's voting anil fligthy ,' a remark which drew from the lady he referred to the retort that he was ad ? d blackguard, anvhow. to ch:ill' a respectable female, 011 heuring which Mr. Qnin abruptly vanished. The applications for the abandoned sba-tv-i were duly posted, and Sammy and his party started to work. Leaving the old shaft, they duly measured off the dis tance in the direction indicated by the owner of tin- mysterious flask, and set to work sinkinc with .1 will. The first ten or twelve feet was easy work, the ground Ijein^ soft and easiiv sot through. Then came logging up, and putting up a brace, and stretching a tiy over all to keep the sun off tlif! heads of the topmen. Bv January the fourth nil this work was completed and the sinking in the harder rock resumed. Many and various were the remarks passed upon the undertaking by other miners 011 the field, the same remarks being as a rule monotonously uncompli mentary ; the obnoxious terms heaped on Sammy's head hy parties in humpies, and bar rooms being i'ii?tiiigni»bed by tbe most forcible Auslo-Saxon expletives. Time, however, rolled in its usual course and Sauimy and his mates got daily deepei into the bowc-ls of mother earth, anil affairs at Reefton went oil much as USUal. i- ***** # Mr. Levison, the Reefton assayer and analytical chemist, was preparing his furnaces ' o melt a large crushing of tht precious metal expecced in every rnomeni from one of the most famous auriferous reefs 011 tlie field. Everything wa; quickly in readiness for the process, the furnaces heated, and the pots ready t- receive their deposit of the precious metal. Previous to its appearance in the office, the proprietor of the establishment whs quietly seated h»Mnd his counter, on which stood a huge balance, sur rounded by different .sized weights, vary ing from half a pennyweight up to two hundred ounces, anil was passing his time, in a perusal of the morning's issue of the }1 eefion Gazette, It is nee.) less to say that .Mr. Levison was a scion of the lost tribes. Which claimed him I am unable to say. whether D tn. Jutiab, Benjamin, Napthali or any of the other eight. I fancy Levison him self cared hut little on this point. So lone asihegris'.came to his mill, or, vath-=i', 1 he gold to l-is melting pots, in tolei ?aMv ^utScient quantities, and his morn- ] jug speculations were moderatly success ful. luiitaiue ho cared little, and troubled j himself less, on the question of Hebrew [ g' j.ea logy, as connected with his own | individual pedigree. ! In addition to the duties of assurer, j which he discharged, more or less to tlie i satisfaction of the Reefton miner, Levison j was H somewhat prominent cit zen. He ' W-:.S exc-eilingly fond of dabbling in local politic* and few public meeti: gs took j place on the gold field in which his . portly form was not conspicuous on the ; platform, or is voice nut heard among t' e : orq-ioi-. lie was, also, a Justice of the j Peace, and rather prided himself upon the stock of legal loi'e he had acquired by dilligent reading up of Plu ikett's ' Australian Magistrate,'' and other similar publications. On the morning iu question, he had I not long been engaged in the perusal of his paper when, to bim entered the manager of one of the local banks. After the usual salutation Levison put his invariable question : ' Anvthing fresh V' ' No'' ' Anything lively?' ' N'o.' ' Things dull, eh ? Well they're bound to change soon, eh ? what do you think.' ' Oh, I don't think anything much about them ; I want to know if yon can tell me bow iuanv ounces the ' Maid ol Athens' got in tbe retort.' ' Well, 1' m not quite sure to an 0 ince or two; but I believe twelve hundred. It was a grand crushing, only one hun dred and ten tons; anyway, I'm expect ing it in every moment to melt, How does the claim stand with you ? big over draft ?'' 'Nevermind hoiv they si and, that's n;/ business, ass tying in yours ; here's the O.P.S., wonder what he is after.' On tbat functionary's entrance, it ap pears he has come to solicit the attend ance of the assayer on the bench to ad judicate on acaseofdrunk and disorderly. It transpires, however, that private business will prevent that legal luminary from attending to the wants of the victim of Udolplio Wolfe, upon which the C.P.S. removing his pipe from his lips, quietly observes : ' Well, your the fifth J.P. I've asked, and all make excuses, so I'll be d — d | if I waste iny time over any more of you. What are t/ou so busy at now? When ! ynu are not wanted in Court, you never seem to have anything to do. '' Oh, now, that's all very well. You know whenever I am wanted on the bench and I have no priva e work to attend to I am always available.'* ' Oh, yes; I know all about that, especially if you think there is likely to be any legal or technical point turn up which might involve another prohibition, eh ?' ' Well, now, if you come to that I doubt very much if I Bhould have had a rule grants for a prohibition in the case you evidently refer to. Anyhow, it is over and hard for long ago, aud I must request 'jiu not to make any more allusions to it. The Supreme Court Judges'are just as liable to in:iUe mistakes as I am.' ' Levison is getting his ancient tail up,' remarked tlie (.'.P. ft. pensivetyto the bank manager. ' I'll tell you what, old man,' 1 he added turning to the assayer, I'll bet you are not game to shout after that.' ' YTellf I don't know, I don't mind it for once in a way ; only you should not cast reflections 011 my ability as a magis trate.' ' I beg you ten thousand a year and only wish you may get it ; at nuvrate, as you say you are game to shout, come on ; 1 am frightful thirsty, nud a long day's work staring mc in the face. Leave . those niching jobs of yours for five minutes aud shout for the ihrec of us.' ' Well, what's to be ?' enquired the trausuiittcr of metals, as the three ranged up alongside of the bar of a well known sporting publican whose hostelry stood adjacent to the assay office. Levi son, as a matter of fact, was his landlord. ' Well,'' said the C.P.S, meditatively, ' I'll have that shinuig piece of pewter filled with shandy gaff,' pointing as I10 spoke to a pewter measure that held something over three pints ; ' you had L-cttct do the same,' he added, addressing the Bank Manager. ' All right,' replied that individual. The two brimming measures were quickly filled, and the contents discussed with much satisfactien ; the analytical | chemist pouring balm ou his Hebrew I i suul through the soothing medium of . j ' Red Tooosjaa-a..' ' | ' Heard the lust news I ' enquired the j sporting publican. ' Xo, what is it, I John?' j ' Do yon know Sammy Green?' j ' What, the prospector of the ' Blood aud Thunder,'' the old duffer i' 'By G-d it's no duller to-day. Sammy got it hot there last night, struck a two foot reef at thirty feet in brown slate, I and getting gold by buckets full.' ' Nonsense, John,' said the C.P.S. you're chaffing.' ' Atn I ? It's a fact, you'll see the specimens directly in the Bank window. ' Where is it from ; not out of the old ! shaft.' ! ' No, fear, Sammy sunk another one to 1 j the west, aud has dropped in to it heavy. ' j The'reef he was on before was a barren : j one.' ? j ' Now, then, Levison, you ought to ] shout again, you are in that.' 5 ' No I'm not.' 1 ' Well, you were oncp.' ' ' Yes, but I sold out, or rather gave aivay my share. I could not get a hid : for it.' 'Just serves you right; you never 1 have the pluck to stick to anything.' ' 1 ' Well, I had my own theory aboutit ; J I did not like the look of the country. | There is a nasty jbar comes — j ' There that will do, drop these geo 1 logical reminiscences and pay for the ] drinks at this bar.' | ' What's the damage, John ?' ! ' Oh, you can calculate for yourself. I j These big pewters are two shillings each; ! yours is sixpence-'' j The C.P.S. winked at the banker and ; said : — | ' Got old Levison that time. I'll bet | he never shouts for me again.' Tlie metallurgist paid his four and six with a melancholy attempt at a smile, and hastened off to his office : the C.P.S. going off to his work with a chuckle at having let in his assaying friend, and with a devout hope tbat the publican's story about the ' Blood and Thunder Claim' would prove true. When the luncheon hour released him from his duties, he hurried away from the Courr. his head buzzing with the utterances of various Mile inn witnesses, and the flowers of speccli strewed 011 each other by the two local lawyers engaged in the ease, and mounting his horse cantered away to the ' Blood and Thunder Claim.' Tbe first person lie saw was the redoutable Sammy himself seated on the brace examining some quartz with exhilaration depicted in every line of his countenance. ' So you bave really struck it eh, Sammy ? Heard you had, and came over to see if it was true. Tiiere is no need to ask you though, I can see it in your face,' and dismounting, be hitched his quadruped to a stuuip and ascended the brace alongside of the successful miner. Sure enough, the prospectors had hit it at last ; no need to critically examine the quartz in Sammy's bucket; uo need to wash the stone to assist iu detecting a colour ; there was the precious metal sticking out as coarse as peas in every ! ? piece of quartz sent up. ' There,' sa d Sammy, ' what do yon think of that ? Ten ounce stuff if it is a penny- weight, and getting bttter every foot.' Yes; whoever red shirt was that put Sammy on, he had been as good as his word, and better. The prospects already got looked a certainty for a big rise. ' Whatever you do, tir,' said Sammy, ' don't you sell out or abandon the share. Of course, if you do sell, you must sell to mc, according to promise, but don't you 1 do anything of the sort. Stick to the share, and see it through, and you can snap your fingers at the Government employ in three weeks.' '? I hope to Heaven you are a true prophet, Sammy ; I'm sure. If so, there will be two of us to snap our fingers together, Ilamsen took one share you know.' Sammy grinned. ' What are you laughing at Sammy ?' ?' Laughing at, Mr. Hemfion ; why, did'nt you know he gave me back his share three days ago ? Hadn't the pluck to sec it out, and I took it, and mean to keep it now, you bet.' ' Serve him right for being a foo!. Well, Sammy, I shall stick to mine, you can depend on that.' The C.P.S. rode back to his Court House duties thai afternoon, hating the said duties more heartily than ever, and as ho listened to the arguments of the legal gentlemen employed upon the case, 1 fervently wished that Sammy's find would speedily make him independent of his billet for good and all. The next issue of the liee.fton Mini.iv/ Gazelle indulged in a long paragraph under the head of ' Mining Intelligence,' 1 wherein it lauded the patience and perse- 1 vorance of the ' Blood and Thunder' prospectors in most culogistic terms; ' casually remarking Ib&t; 'we have all along been of opinion that the claim was as auriferous as any 011 tbis field, and are vcrv pleased to have our anticipation of ifs 'ultimate prosperity verified.' * * * * * * * Cissy Tregarthen was seated in the veran dah of iier father's homestead, on Somerset Creek, some four weeks afterwards, an open letter in her hand. Needless to say who the letter was from ; it wanted but a ? glance at her pretty, happy, Cornish face, to know the author must be the one ' nearer aud dearer yet than all other '* to Cissy Tregarthen. Poor Cissy had had but a hard time of it for the last twelve months. When sho had first promised Sammy Green to be his wife, worldly affairs were prospering with that erratic digger, and, conse quently, old Frank Tregarthen, her father, acquiesced in their engagement. When reverses overtook Samuiy, how ever, old Tregarthen suddenly discovered he had never been partial to the match, and became remarkably disagreeable in the home circle, and made his little daughter's life a burden to her on tho subject of Mr. Samuel Green. Cissy was a pretfy West Country trirl. of some eighteen or nineteen years, and had landed in the colony barely three years before the date of my story. I wish I were competent to describe her to my readers. I am painfully aware of the fact that any attempt at description 011 im part would fall so very far short of the living reality, that I dare not undertake the task. Suffice it to say, as to her outward ap pearance, she was a pretty specimen of a plump West Country English girl, with hazel eyes and brown hair, which cast golden reflections in the sua, pretty lips that seemed made for kissing, and a bright winsome smile on her pretty, loving face, that could not fail to take any ordinary impressible mortal captive at first glance, I have not the slightest wonder at Sammy having fallen a victim to the glances shot out beneath her brown lashes. Now, for the last three months, Cissy's life had been made more unendurable than ever, by the fact of a second suitor for her hand, in the person of a neighbor ing selector, (and one, who enjoyed the approval, and had the good wishes of papa), having appeared on the scene. Naturally, Cissy detested him ; equally natural was it that under the auspices and authority of papa, the second swain should persevere. Poor Cissy ! sho could not escape from his company. Their house was five miles, at least, from the nearest neighbour, and this second aspirant to her hand could ride over to her father's homestead at will, consequently, there had been but few evenings or Sunday afternoons during the past three months that Cissy had not been worried out of all patience by Mr. Soahy, for that was her persecutor's patronymic. On the evening in question, however, Cissy's heart was at rest, aud she was waiting in pleasant anticipation of the arrival of her own true love. The letter on her lap informed her that Mr. Green would be there that evening, and that all obstacles to the marriage were removed, that he was richer in the world's goods than ever he was before, and he wished her to say nothing to her father until he arrived, and finally, that he was always &c.;, &c.;, ' Well, my girl, moonstruck, as usual,' quoth Tregarthen, here coming on to the verandah. ' Ah ! you'll never be any good until you are married to young Seahy.' ' I can never marry young Seahy, father. I do not wish to vex you, but I never can ; indeed, I never can.' ' Well, we will see about that, my girl. I expect him here to-night ; and, what is more, I expect to have it settled this very eveniug, and the day named for your marriage.' ' Ah, father ! how can I forget the man I'm promised to, and the man I love, for a man I do not like ? Yes, whom I even hate,' and Cissy's bright hazel eyes flashed with Cornish fire as 'he spoke, showing that, beneath all her j calm exterior, the little damsel had an unmistakeable will of her own. I ' Well, I don't want any tomfoolery,' I quoth the father ; ' only you will have' to j obey me, once for all. Ah ! here comes some one at the paddock fencc now ; Seahy, I have no doubt. There, he has just ridden through the slip rails. It don't look like Seahy, either. I wonder who it is.' A few seconds brought the strangor up to the verandah, where, dismounting, to Cissy's huge delight and old Tregarthen's dismay (which he vented in a grand west country oath, which I cannot here set down), he presented the unmistakeable features of Mr. Sammy Green. I am unable to do justice here to the delight of pretty Cissy or to the wrath of her father. The latter individual, how ever, was soon mollified by the news Sammy had to narrate. To put it shortly, Sammy had that morning received hie first dividend, which, as be owned one-fourth of the claim (nameh-, his own original one-sixth share and the one-tvvelvth given back to him by Hcmson), had given him the sum of six thousand four hundred and eighty pounds. Our friend, the C.P.S., received two thousand one hundred and sixty, and Mr. Quin a like, amount. No objection 1101c to Sammy marry'iDg his pretty sweetheart. Mr. Seahy, who came in some half hour later, was soon sent about his business. Sammy's second dividend was almost as much as his fir6t, on its receipt, follow ing Red Shirt's instructions, he sold out, his total gain being some fifteen thousand pounds. On his marriage, which fook plac» a week after he severed his connec tion with the 'Blood and Thunder' prospect claim, he retired to the old country, and bought a snug farm in Cissy's native Cornwall. I, who write, being at home a few years ago, dined with Sammy in his pretty . country house, from the dining room window of which I could see the distant spray line of the English Channel, and there, over a glass of 6teaming toddy, Sammy told me the events of that Christmas Eve, which induced him once more to try his luck in the old ' duffer' ; Cissy listening atten lively the while, a 1 little Sammy and Cissy playing at her knee. ' There is ono thing I always regret though,' said Sammy, meditatively, as he I finished the story, ' and lbat is, that lied Shirt never left his flask behind. I never | tasted such liquor bofore or 6ince ; but, : whether or 110, here's his health, whoever he was.' 