' u T'-ris Letter- ' — - - » • The Senate is not . dying game; after all the threateningsof the eoaieseed monarchists in that moribund assembly, their last legislative acts have been devoted to changing tie color of the soldier's pantaloons, and improving the shoeing of cavalry horses. Not a word from the great savionTS of society. Messrs. de Brofjlie and Buffet, abont the gocial peril, family religion, that the accession to power of millionnaire republicans »nd married church-going fathers, was to compromise. The fact is that screaming farce against the Bepublic has been played out, and its actors hissed off the stage. It has ever been a problem with French tailors to make a pantaloon for their braves. " that would never blush." Senators and chemist Kestner propose to effect this by employing a new color—alizarine, in place of madder. The Minister of War never heard of such a dye, bufc as its use would effect a saving of 15 millions fr.—more than is required to endow the Reformed Churches of France, and the Synagogues—he was prepared to investigate the discovery. Sedan is not a lucky name for the army: this town supplies the cloth to the military clothiers, and great complaints have been current as to its quality : after using it a short time the troops complained they had nothing to wear." But how did the military inspectors accept broad cloth below samp'e 7 They not only received, bat demanded as a matter of course, bales from the manufacturer, and here is how one palm was greased to the tune of 6.000fr. said Senator Gridaine, producing a letter from an officer demanding swd sum. The Minister of Justice having xead the letter, put it in his pocket; soon h- will set his fines to work. Turkey and Russia are thus not th". only countries where backsheech has to be met as indubitably as death and the tax-gatherer. Under the second empire this corruption was hardly concealed; but at present it is enough to make the snow melt on the cheek of the statue of the Kepublic on the vestibule of the Champ de Mars Up to the present the inferiority of French cavalry horses was considered to be due to the animals being fed on the Gascon principle, and to excessive cheese-paring in the price offered for the animals to breeders, which compelled the latter, despite the best patriotism in the world, to prefer English purchasers. But money has no odor, or if any at all, not unfragrant. Senator Latour \- traces the cavalry defecte to the hordes bein<r badly shod, the consequence of inefficient farriers. Tbe latter it seem when their period of service is completed, desire to enter into private life as rapidly as non-commissioned officers. For want of a nail the shoe was lost, for want of a shoe, ten. Even the rigid conservatives, those who desire to govern against ihe will of the nation, commence to feel that it is a downright bore and loss of valuable time, having to go to Versailles to discharge legislative duties; hence, it. is not improbable tlie Chambers may bold their next session in Paris. One of the advantages—and dangers of the legislature sitting in the Corps Lcgis- . iatif was that in the event of revolution, the representatives could be thrown conveniently into the Seine. This prospect is no longer possible, since the nation ha* ie-»rned to rely on coups of voting papers, instead of crvps of rifles. Then those disturbers of political peace, the Royalists and B<>nap:»rtists, having been definitely set aside in favor of the nation itself governing, no jevolutjons are henceforth possible, so the services of Mount Valeiien will be no longer required to protect the palace of Versailles with its cannon. Of late the legislate n as well as the administration of the country has been conducted partly in Paris, partly in railway trains, and partly; at Versailles. The parliamentary trains are accused of being freighted with as many soiled doves as legislators. There was a time when Thiers was President that he would h&vj; been impeached bad he slept out of Versailles a single night.; now the Marshal never resides in the necropolis of Fran.-*: though bound to do so accojding to the same unrepealed Medeand Persian law. Neither this death-bed tolerance towards the Republic nor a conscience-struck admiration for Thiers, whom they overthrew and persecuted, will save the out-.oiti/ Monarchal Senators, from not so much a v-ell-met iii ii defeat. a« an execution. The Free i'iaili!rs have nt Usi. taken time by the forelock, and have he'd a meeting in the Theatre lialien—an i'.»tah'.i«hment which, after being soM for an insurance office, has been found <n>ui<i ii'.'L be apnropriiitcri for other than inusi..il purposes." The Presidents of the Chart.hers of Commerce of Paris. Lyons, and Bordeaux, a^ivtei by other notable persons, «- went in for the free trade ticket,'' and not a moment too soon, as their rivals were commencing to have a hold on the country, and seizing the occasion of the universal commercial depression, to black ball the foreign trader. The society must not be confounded with that specially constituted for converting the United States to lowered tariffs. It must <»e confessed the French are very apathetic about the whole business; net haps they may display more interest when the absorbing question of t,iie Senatorial elections ah all have been settled next month, then the ministry must produce a programme. Ti e Republicans du-i.h d on the quest i..u. wdi have 1.» oiit-Vn! the Bonapartibt-. n>i if«j«-r«1 <"<mirpereiai neaties. and if the latter would only devote their attention to matters of this natur e, they would soon find it to pay better than organising Billingsgate rows in the Chambers. celebrating political masses, and feast i i<r at banquets, where the dishes are nawJ after the "glories" of the late empire, less Mexico and Sedan—too suggestive of the Ba- tju • ghost. Besidss the common event < f duelling, snowballing is the next protnin-' :fc amusement, in which small as well as 'noustachc boys, heartily join ; with Ui. --e < -mhatants, as with the Sappers, nothing sacred, I noticed them imprinting " s t o n the equestrian statue of Louis XIV. .'/» the place do la Victoires. as also, on the sneramental J,:berty, Equality, and Fratemi!y. printed in black letters over a communal school. In some instances snow wa- made intx bloclcs, and the features of Napoleon HI .shaped, by a few master touche- of a kni."<' ; th^.n it was as irreverently treated as it were a Guy Fawkes. Manv spectators were delighted at ihe punishment thus inflicted on the effigy of tbe •• Man of Sedan'' as it was baptised. Jules Janin calied, 11 a choleric, moment, Paris. the city «,)' mud" and which made Victor Hiu.ro hi? enemy for ever. The capital is very muddy now ; cities generally are tluriwr thaw. The frost is only flirting with us; just when skates are leing taken down, & soft souwester arises, and necessitates their go in? np again. Even the Laps on the Jart'iu d' Acclimation—a poor speculation, have no snow to show off tbeir barrel -stave shoes, and the rein-deei threaten to fall into consumption in presence of our-half and half winter. The an n u a! paragraph has appeared in the papers, that wiid geese have been ob- «3rved flying southwards, thus indicating of course a severe winter : this is not a con. cealed rub at the crowd of sturdy invalids who migrate to warmer climes. The run* n'wg up of the shanties for the Boulevard Fair remind us of the approach of winter, and the advertisements of book furniture" • for such only are the gorgeously bound j volumes, suggest New Fears Day, aud all ! its begging or tipping association. 