AMUSEMENTS. MUSICAL CONTEST AT THE MASONIC 1IALL. Last evening seven of the city and suburban bands competed at the Masonic Hall for three prizes, ami the honour of accredited proficiency, given by a com mittee of gentlemen, whose names were not made known. The proceedings took the form of a concert. and the different musical selections were performed as follows : — i5 Selections from Martha," Imperial Band: ,4 The Waits," introducing Signor Giorza "Australian Anthem," Metropolitan Band "selec tions from Moody and Saukev," Glebe Band ; 44 La Flour de NordJ" St. Lconards'Band : < II Trova- toro," Young Australian Band; "Corisande Waltz," Coldstream Baud ; ' Echoes of the Day Quadrille," Fire Brigade Band ; and a cornet solo by Mr. Charles Sweetman. Professor .A. Kopff officiated as conductor, and Messrs. W. G. Cork, W; G. Broad- hurst, and D. J. AVhitwnin acted as judges. Finan cially tlie entertainment was not a success, but from a musical point of view it was a great triumph, and an ilinstrution of the attention given to the study of music in Sydney. The perfor mances of tho Young Australian, tlie Imperial, the Fire Brigade, and St. Leonards bands elicited deserv- ing approval, while the remaining bands showed that while tliev had made progress in thcirwork there was a marked roughness and absence of precision in their execution. The judges awarded tho prizes, and 'Mr. Wallace presented them as follows : — A silver cornet lo tho Young Australian Band, with 7t5 marks out of 100; a silver- mounted baton to the Imperial Band, with 5(5 marks out of loo and a similar prize to the .St. Leonards Band, with 50 marks ouL of 100. The most important feature of the ejitertaiuiueiit was the rendering of .Mendlcssohn's "Grand Wedding March" by lhc united bands, numbering 130 performers, under the leadership of Professor Kopff. For precision, clearness of delivery, bril- liaucc of instrumentation, and time, it was unequalled by anything of the kind heard in New South Wales for years past, and at the same time was indicative of what may be looked for in the future from our amateur instrumentalists. Tlie National Anlhem, with Levey's cornet obligate by Mr, Charles Swectinuu, splendidly played, brought, the entertainment lo a close. At the Theatre Boval last night Mr. Crcswick once more assumed the rate of Hamlet, Mtes Ashton that of Ophelia, Mr. Jones Polomus, Mr. Douglas Laertes, Mr. Brown the Ghost ; and each contributed in a very admirable manner to rendering the performance worthy of lhc' encomia lavishly bestowed upon them by an interested and appreciative audience. To-night Shakespeare's glorious comedy, " Much Ado About Nothing," is lo be produced, and the appetite of every lover of the "immortal William 'Mr whetted by the managerial announcement that bis fine tragedy, "Julius Civsar," is in preparation. The spectacular opera of "Aide." was again most successfully repealed at tlie Victoria Theatre last evening, before a larger audience than that of Satur day night, showing that the musical novelty is gain ing in public favour, and leading lo the conclusion that novelties only will draw good audiences. It will be repeated again Ibis evening, ami lovers of superb music should not lose the opportunity of hear- ing one of the last of Verdi's great works. To morrow evening "La Sonnambula" will bu pre sented. No one can for a moment call in question the ex cellence of the performance by the Kelly and Leon troupe of " If.M.S. Pinafore" who has once visited the Queen's Theatre, and observed the numbers of cheered and happy mortals who nightly throug tho house, and go away tlie better for the harmless, joyous fun provided there for them by Gilbert and Sullivan in their sparkling opera. The Academy of Music continues to draw fairly- filled houses. A change of programme was given last night, when Mr. and Mrs. Taylor appeared to ad vantage in a musical burlesque. Mrs. Taylor's voice, although not powerful, is peculiarly dulcet, and aided by the rich tenor of Air. Taylor, produces a very pleasing effect. Miss MalLie, as usual, monopolized the attention and applause of the house by her sweet singing and admirable imperso nation of characters. Air. and Mrs. Taylor's banjo duct was sorely missed, and it may here be men tioned that the unanimous opinion of those who have' had the felicity of hearing t he banjo duets, that they are simply unsurpassable, ought to induce those artistes to continue them. At fhe School of Arts the diovamic views of Great Zcalandia not only please but instruct those with a bent for an acquaintance with foreign places and scenery. The explanations offered by the lecturer, who gives an historical synopsis iu connection with , every scene placed before the public view, enhances the pleasure obtained from nn insight into remarkably places of a colony so adjacent to Australia. This evening the Japanese Commissioners will honour the School with their presence. 