THB movement now going forward in various quarters for the formation of farmers' unions ie deserving trf support on many grounds. The readers of The Courier are aware that this jouhial baa always steadily advocated the combination 'of farmers for the promotion of their own special interests. We have from time to time drawn attention to the nature abd action of the Grangers' Societies in the United States, explained the principles-of-those associations, and urged the establishment of similar anions in this colony. Agriculture is one of the most important, if not the foremost, of the industrial avocations of any country; and its importance here is certainly increasing rather than diminishing' from year to year. In the very nature of things the interest mast be a growing one, for it outlasts, as well as takes precedence of, all others. Mining may fall away from Bheer exhaustion of the mineral treasures in the soil. Sheepfarming may become gradually more limited, in proportion as the surface of the soil becomes broken up by the plough. Both gold and wool give place, in the long run, to wheat. The manufactures carried on in the cities and large towns, again, may cease to be remunerative through the action of a variety of causes—foreign com' petition, commercial crises, new discoveries in science, and the like. But the tilling of the soil must be carried on till the end of time. No change in the' circumstances of human society can supersede the necessity for growing food. It is quite certain, then, that the farmers of Victoria will become from year to year a more numerous, influential, and important class in the community. This is a fact In the order of Natare which nothing can set aside. On this ground alone, were there no other, it is fitting that farmers' anions should spring np in everv qbarter. But in addition to this, the farmers have a right to conserve their own interests, just aB any other class has. No one would think of blaming the manufac tnrers for combining to protect themselves and their common pursuit from unreasonable taxation, or adverse fiscal measures, or any otiber causes of depression and discoa ragement. Agriculture has an equal right to support and recognition, and generous patronage from the State. Nor will any' body deny that this kindly sentiment has been the motive at the bottom of all the popular land legislation of this -colony. It has been the aim both of the .Legislature and the Government to .promote the culture of the soil by every fair means, in such a way as would be at oqce profitable to the -farmers themselves, and beneficial to the entire community. For all these reasons, then, we are glad to note the spread of farmers' anions in every direction. Of such institutions there can scarcely be too many. But it. cannot be too strongly impressed on the-minds of the farmers that their combination for a common purpose of benefit mast .be of an entirely negtcal character as respects politics. There is all the difference in. the-world between A farmers 1 onion and a local political club. The two things are entirely incompatible. The one destroys the other. A local political dub cannot, in the very nature of things, be an association for the promotion of the agii cultural interest. It may, in fact, be an association for the destruction of that interest, in an indirect way, because it may be formed for the express purpose and object of supporting -another interest that is totally adverse to that of the farmers. Sup posing,-for example, that all the large landowners were to get op societies in all the country districts with the object of raising themselves to the' highest post of infiaence in the Legislature, and getting the Government into their own "handB. Let it be remarked here that we are only pntting a case by way of argument. Would not euch a movement go directly to destroy the farming interest ? Would it not have for its purpose the gradnal-extinction of farming on the smaller scale, in order that all the land might be aggregated into a few large estates? This is exactly what would be aimed at; and yet the - very societies by means of which this anjust monopoly was to be accomplished might be called farmers' onions by their founderss A name may be adopted for the purpose of misleading and deceiving the very persons who are to be made agents in working their own downfall. Now, this is precisely what may happen In respect of the movement we are discussing. It is all very well to get op what are called farmers' onions throughout the country districts, with the ostensible purpose of protecting and promoting the interests of =the cultivators of the soil; bnt the instant that these. associations take on a political character, whether it be avowed or "con-" cealed, they become Agencies for destroying the farming interest instead of conserving it. This is the warning which we are<tnxious to impress on the minds of onr agricultural readers. We point to tho report of the proceedings of the meeting held last Friday At West Mel bonrne. for the formation of the Oentral Loddon Farmers' Union, in illustration and support of "these remarks. Beading that report, we find that the meeting, so far from being called : for the object specified in the title of the association, was mertiy a political gathering—nay, only an electioneering caucus. Take the various items specified in the programme of proceedings. Tfaese were six in onmber; and amongst tbem were—a "revision of the electoral districts, and Ute abolition of payment of membere. Now, it is fair to ask what posfuble connection these two objects can have Vith the promotion bf the interests of the farmer?I ^ow can it in iny way. affiec£ liim in ins/pnrsuit whether tbe repreeentatives arepaidfromtbe pnblictzeasary , qijfSlriOTi |Sj»J'fliW that is most opposed to the fannBra wodd' i have«t Ifi^'^tlw^^lii^TdSdhiil' districts mightiiaV^lift effeefflt giving in ue weight to the large landed proprietors n the two Honses; and the abolition of payment of members would certainly have he effect of keeping working farmers at of the Assembly: ~ iten with large estates and ample means can afford - to devote their time to the public interests, bnt how can a man, who has :the daily bread to n- earn for his household, so give np what to nd him is money ? How could a farmer in the Loddon district afford to spend nipnths of the year in Melbourne, away from his farm and his family, • and at his .'own private cost and charges ? The plain troth is, the farmer who votes for the abolition of payment is virtually voting for the exclusion of his own class from Parliament. So far as the object of the Central Loddon farmers is to procure the remission .of taxation that, as they suppose, presses heavily on them, or to obtain aid from the State for the extension of waler supply, or railway communication, or the reduction of freights on agricultural produce, or even, to seenre the election of representatives of their own class, there is nothing to be said against their movement. Bat the instant they go outside this well-defined programme,- they cease to be a farmers* anion, and they become' a political club; and the resnlt to them will certainly be damage to their own interests, and their subjection to the personal purposes of clever political schemers. . c S r l b r r THESE is mnch to afford gratification in the reply which was made by Major SMITH to the. deputation which waited on him last Monday. The object of thedepatation was to obtain a reduction in the rest of mining leases from 10s to 2s 6d an.acre, j and there is every reason to believe, from the reply received, that the request will be granted. Nor should it be otherwise, when all the circumstances are fairly considered. When it can be shown, aB it was shown on Monday, that a company (the Australasian, at Creswick) has pud £3923 12s 3d to the State lor holding 500 acreB for abont eleven years;. that it hals only really used about six or seven acres, of the land, and that when the land is done with for mining purposes, and reyertB to the State, the balance of the area will be as useful for grazing or agricultural purposes aB though the miners had never had anything to do with it, the amount paid by the Australasian Company really looks very mnch like a gross imposition. Bnt worse. cases even thin tins might be cited to show the injuB tice of . the present rent; and of this the 'Clones Consols is a striking example. Here is a company, anlike the Australasian at Creswick, which has never obtained a spec of gold, and which has speiit a' great amount of capital on the gronnd; and yet' the company has had to pay £2000 rent on its lease, or at the rate of £6 an acre— without Becsrmg the smallest possible claim to the fee simple of the land—although not more than 3 or 4 acres have really been interfered with by its operations;. .Bat 'a still worse case than even this may be cited to prove the jaBtice of the mining lease rent beingreduced.'^The Hand and Band Company in Ballarat from first to last has paid nearly £8000 -to the State for the ground at the end of Start street ; and the shareholders, however present litigation ends, will be worse off after the whole thing is at an end than they would have been had they neiver beard anything abont the investment. At the .same time the gronnd will revert to the State, or remain available for public parposes, with only some <5 or'£ acres having undergone the least deterioration in valae by the mining work that has been done npon it. When cases like these can be cited in opposition to the terms imposed, the rental is proof of its own wrong, and then no argument is required to ehow the jaBtice of the reduction asked for. It is then evident the State has.: dealt hardly : by mining companies in . the cent charged; and the equity of the alteration being nude, which the deputation last Monday sought, and which both Major SMITH and Mr LONGMOBE admitted to be DO more than ought to be yielded, becomes unmistakably dear and patent. Bat it iB not alone in the acqniesdve spirit in which the deputation abont the mining lease rent was received by the two Ministers that the doings of Monday last present a very satis factory aspect. Major SMITH took advantage of the opportunity to indicate the changes which the Government intend to make in the Mining-Statote; and this gave additional interest to the interview. The Mining Boards, it seeme, are to be abolished; and one or two officers will be appointed to report upon objections to the iBsae of leases for agricultural purposes of land supposed to be aariferouB, thus taking away the only excuse there has been for years past for the boards' existence. Then there is to be a limit to the area which can be held under a miner's right, all above'10 acres to be a leasehold. The process of obtaining a lease is to be much simplified; and as long as the working conditions are complied with, the gronnd will be secured from jumping. Miners' rights will not be abolished, bat a very simple code of regulations will be applied to ground worked under this tenure. These are the salient conditions of the new Mining Statute; and there can be nodoubt that, on the whole, and with areduced rent charged for leaseholds, these conditions will be acceptable to the mining community. But in matters of detail these conditions are capable of improvement. The miners'right, for example, should be done away, because it is a direct tax upon the working man, and because it is a sort of badge of slavery, and, therefore, quite incompatible 'with our institutions. Moreover, the miner's right is more fruitful of litigation than any tiling else'; and this is another and potent reason why it ehould be abandoned. Then, instead of gronnd being held nnder two bases, the whole" thing should be reduced to a . uniform system. Any person or party'should be. able, on application to the district surveyor or registrar, to obtain a penpit, or tease, to occupy the area desired; and.so long as 2s 6d per acre per annum—the rent for larger areas being the. same—wds pud, and the working conditions were complied with, to be watched by the mining inspector of the district, . the miner or' party should be held by the State absolutely free from all outside interference. One great advantage of this plan would be that there could be no doubt as to unoccupied ground; no conflict between two parties for the Bame area, and no risk of jumping, because application woul^l be requisite to the surveyor or registrar before the ground could be taken op; end the necessary information wonld be at once forthcoming. whether or - no anybody else had a title to the holding. In like manner, the title would ,end when the rent ceased to tie -paid ; and thus the difficulties winch occur nnder the miner's right wonld be entirely avoided. At the same time tto^^ng^ -rto jie ia iimit fixed to tbesize of claims. For allu vial 75 acres should iie the inaximam, abd f<tf' quartz 10 a&wjand; ander i»t£n»mBtancM' should this area .Jocreased^: If-/the / amended Mining -Statate ^ choald contain < M A t f & f r r ^ ^ o would make the lnbad^prin(%Jes which * Major SMITH has laid down everything that ould be wished, and the new Mining tatute would prove a very acceptable tteaBure; Nor can the details, as here outined, be objected to on fimincial grounds, toy the abolition of Mining Boards very nearly as mach money wonld be saved by the State, as the aboUtion of the miners' and the redaction of the mining lease wonld amount to. We should much like, then, to see theBe improvements made in the new bill before it'eomes under the notice of Parliament; and if they be, then Major SMITH will add one more laurel to the many he has acquired by the large-hearted interest he. has. shown in mining. Mining, deserves every consideration; and we quite endorse Major SMITH'S remark, that no Government has done so much for it as the present Ministry. Let the above amendments, then, find their way into his new 'bill, and the whole thing will be complete and perfect. Mining would then be saved from the litigation and difficulties by which it is now beset; and this is an all- sufficient reason why what we have suggested above should be legislatively granted. The bon. the Minister of Mines, with Messrs Bell and Fineham, MX.A., are expected to start the machinery of the Haddon Extended Company next Saturday; and those gentlemen will be invited to address a public meeting at Haddon the tame .evening—further notice of which will be given. A smart capture of a suspected hotel-robber was made last evening, by Mr Wilson of the Bock's Head hoteL It appears - that about ten o'dock, a man, ^apparently respectable, named Hanley, engaged a bed at the hotel, and about five" minutes after being shown to his room, Mrs WUson, who was jbdotr, heard a noise as of flomeperson walking with bare feet along the passage, and, surmising it was one of the young members of tie family, wait up-slain, when Bhe saw Hanley, with only his shirt on, walking along the passage. On turning to come down stairs, Mrs Wilson's pace was quickened by hearing someone calling "Stop, thera," which voice proceeded from the room of a Mr Waddington, of Bay leaf ord, who kaving foolishly left his door unlocked on retiring, had detected someone overhauling his clothes. Mr Wilson, bearing the noiBe, and a call for tbe landlord, was -soon on the scene, and proceeded to Hartley's room on being informed of the circumstance, but the suspected "thief was pretending to sleep the slumbers of the innocent. A thorough and minute search was made of the room, bnt two jEl-notes missed by Mr Waddington could not be found, and Hanley was then aroused and accused. He strongly protested bis innocence, and was indignant, of course, until Mr Wilson, on searching along the passage, found the missing money pressed into the corner of one of the doorways. A policeman was then sent for, and Hanley was compelled to change his lodgings for the night. Afire broke out yesterday morning, at about four o'clock, on . the premises of a farmer named W.,Long, residing on tbe Melbourne road,~near the -Woodman's hotel, by which a stable sad its consents jreie destroyed. Both brigades turned out and went to tbe fire, their efforts happily resulting in the Baving of Long's dwellinghonse. The cause of the fire is not exactly known; but an idle, drunken fellow, who was koockingabout the place, is believed to have entered: the stable with a lighted candle, and gone to sleep,-leaving "the candle in such a position that it set fire to the buUding. Tiss man, however, affirmi that, on the contrary, he was not "on tbe premises at the time, bat that he eaw the flames from a distance, and running up, gave the alarm. He made other statements, however, contradicting this, and was subsequently locked up on a charge of drunkenness. . Mr Richardson, the secretary of the Intercolonial 'Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, which is to be held in Melbourne at the end of this year, was in Bal larat yesterday, having arranged for tbe display of a few of the special prizes in a window of Messrs B. H. Sutton and Co.'« music establishment; which has kindly been placed at his disposal. The prizes to be displayed are some twenty in number, and worth about £80. They consist of four.handsome cups, a meat dish, a sewing machine, a gold watch and chain, and some desks, albums, books, &c.;, and when we state that a total of £1300 in cash, articles, &nd; medals, is to be awarded, a very good idea can be formed , from those on view of the prizes to be competed for, and the liberality displayed by the Melbourne "committee. The prizes wili be on view on Wednesday and Thursday, and the secre- tary will be in attendance all Wednesday for the purpose of giving out entry forms, and offering every information. The date for receiving entries haB been extended to "the 30th of September, but Mr Richardson informs us that the space is being so quickly .taken np that early application is necessary. The last date tor receiving exhibits willie the 30th-of November. Samples of the silver medals to be awarded will also be on view; thpy are very chaste,-and are snitable for personal wear. The gold medals will be finished shortly, when they will be displayed in Ballarat. We understand that on Thursday next the two parties concerned in the affray at Bedan, particulars of which we mentioned yesterday, will appear at the Sebastopol Police Court to have their grievances adjusted by the presiding magistrates. A nice look-oat for the head-teacher she might be nnder. A lady recently waited on a gentleman engaged in scholastic pursuits, with ber daughter, a girl of about fifteen summers, whom she desired to get into a State school as pupil teacher. The fond mother recounted all the girl's acquirements— at least aU she could remember of them, and wound up by stating, as an additional acquisition the girl possessed, that she (sa mere) had told her that though she might be put nnder a head teacher infloitely inferior to herself in knowledge, she mnst obey orders—and the dutiful daughter immediately signified her firm intention of doing so, with Spartan-like self-denial. A laborer named Edward Lynch, a resident of Bnngaree, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday afternoon for treatment to a severe wound on his right shoulder and fracture of his right arm, injuries he sustained in tbe morning, when trying to catch a horse on a farm at Bungaree Junction. Lynch had cornered the animal, and was going np to it, when it suddenly tuned and kicked him on the shoulder with tremendous farce, inflicting the injuries mentioned. Mr J. Mackay, machinery and agricultural implement manufacturer, has now on view at his premises s modd of a safety cage which, it is said, iB superior to any other yet shown. Mr Mackay has made bis cage on tbe same principle as that of Allen's, but in the details of the safety appliances he has effected several improvements. In Mr Mackav's tbe bars acting on the clamps are inside the cage, and can only be injured by something in the cage. The new invention also claims ihe merit of. having the spring lifting and lowering the damp in a water-tight cover, so that it is protected from injury from rusting, and the doors on the top of the cage ran the whole length of tbe side, and open in snch a manner that from the inside they pan be lifted so as to throw die top of the cage entirely open. The model, which is well worthy of attention, has been examined by several practical men. who all speak very highly of it. Oral training and the power of tbe spoken - word formed the subject of MrT- P. Hill's remarks yesterday" afternoon, at tbe Central School. Booklearning was, of course, necessary; but lively vim voce explanations, on the part of a teacher, of the contents of books (especially while giving a lesson in the art of reading aloud), if invested with interest, wonld arrest and sustain tbe attention of young people. In this way, the btibit of conversing quietly, and speaking thoughtfully and freely, might be formed daring tbe time allotted to reading and recitation. Before venturing to tell what had been narrated to them, children should be taught to weigh and consider the meaning "of whati. they had heard. A hright toy would, by the laws of : association which govern his young brain, frequently give expression to ideas which the teacher Bever credited him with. He (Mr Hill) had that very morning had s long and interesting conversation with a highly-educated gentleman, who was .clearly of opinion that if we bad more of oral, and a little less of written, examinations at all our seats of learning, it would be greatly-to the- advantageof the intellectual welfare of the colony. For the purpose of showing what could be accomplished from a reading lesson, Mr Hill read a-fine passage from Thackeray's famousdescriptibnof the last daya of George HL He then pointed out and explained the extraordinary number of imposing historical and biographical allusions that were compressed skilfully within the limits "of a single small page of printed matter. The Irish Rebellion, the DeplaMllfm clarationof nf ' American Independence, the Franph ni IV Revolution, with all their mighty voloanic up- Manls, agencies, and straggles for freedom all the world orer, were setting in. motion a force whieh was atill going on, and which nothing could atop. Wellington enconntering Napoleon on the Land, and Nelson carrying all before htm on the sea; Pitt,-For. Burko, and Sheridan thundering in the Senate; Kemble, Siddons, and Kean glitiyW giskBpeaw on the«tage ; Byron, Stielley, Scott Keats, and Coleridge matting ttaeairrocal with ibeir, toanscendentinvocations to tin muse—these •and hundreds ,pf other associations imparted * (•sanation and lent ah interest to the r^gh of itba Hird Georf of which no man should be ignorant, ift _ > and ln these dayvwhen nr — « t * B * r and moi* revolufonary times, waa worthy of special jftDdy, Properly handled, striking passages like the one alluded to might enable us all to understand that history is indeed philosophy teaching by example. : The committee of the Mechanics* Institute m6t, on Monday evening. Present—Messrs Stephens I'president), Stansfield, Thompson, Bawlings, Downes, Mackay, LaDgdon, O'Reardon, Bickett, Wheeler, and M'Whae. Apologia were received on behalf of Messrs James and A. Marshall. Letters were received from the- Ladies* Clothing Society and the committee of the Female Befuge, with rotes of thanks for the nee of the rooms of the institute. A complaint WBB laid before the committee that the caretaker was in the habit of keeping the clock in the readingroom fast, an<l of turning members out before the proper jime for closing. Instructions were given that the clock shonld be Bet by the town dock, and that the room should not be -closed until half-Hast ten. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr C. W. Gibson, for. his kindness in returning a book belonging to the library wbich he had met with at an auction. An offer was received from Mr I- J. Jones to lend bis valuable collection of shells for exhibition, if a suitable case were provided; and it was left to the president to Bee if proper arrangements could be made. It was reported that the attendance on Sundays had considerably increased since the opening of the reading-room. As, however, the library was only used by two or three, it was decided not to open it after THIB month, but to let the attendant bring any 'book required by a member down,to the readingroom. The bouse ceinmittee was requested to have certain improvements carried out in the school of design and other places. Mr Buchanan (the correspondent) and Messrs Kopke and Fender—tbe three gentlemen who at present constitute the board of advice for tbe north riding of Grenville—met at the Haddon State Bchool on Monday last, and transacted the fallowing business:—Each member showed that he bad been reappointed for a fresh term of office, and Mr Buchanan was reappointed correspondent for the board, and MrD. Pender chairman. Amongst the correspondence read was a communication from the secretary of the proposed conference of members of boardsof advice to be held in Melbourne on the 2nd of next month, containing a circular with eighteen propositions to be submitted to the delegates at their meeting. The board agreed to seventeen of tbe proposals, butBtrongly objected to tbeone suggesting aschool-tax. MrBocbananwasappointed to-attend die conference on behalf of the board. Mr Eopke reported that the Bunker's Hill school iB tieeding some pans, and the correspondent was instructed to apply for them. It was decided tbe board ahonld visit tbe Smythes Boad and the Cherry tree Flat schools at an early date, and while there try and ascertain what local resident of each place would be acceptable to the residents to .represent them on the board, where there are now. two vacancies. The rolls of the Haddon school were examined with the assistance of Mr Ninnes. the bead teacher, who gave in a list containing abont fifty names of .children who attend school Very irregularly—some less than the legal number of days. -The board regretted tbe parents should be so neglectful of their children's welfare, and resolved that tome means should be adopted to -try and remedy the evil. The local correspondent of The Courier thanked the board for the courtesy and tbe ready information in matters of public interest afforded him during the past three years, which having been replied, to by the correepon dent the meeting adjourned for a month: A meeting of tbe Gordon branch of the National Reform League will be held at Mrs'Daly's Parker's United hold next Friday evening, at eight o'clock, to dect officers for the ensuing year. A tea and concert in celebration of tbe anniver sare of the Ballaut East Lodge, I.O.G.T^ 53. took place last night in the Alfred HalL There were abont 160 persons present at tea, which was catered for by Mr D. M'Kenzie, and presided over by the following ladies:—Mrs Harris, Mrs Grey, Misses Bickle, Hill (2), M'Kenzie, Hollingberry, Bennett, Boulton, Chapman, Coobey, and others. After tea a concert was held, the chair being taken by Mr E. Curtis; there being representatives from Templar and Bechabite lodges present. Addresses were delivered by itbe chairman, the Bevs. J. Walker and J. W. Inglis; and songs were sung by the following ladies and gentlemen—Misses Martin, Harrison, Johnson, Edwards, and Messrs Grey, M'Callum, Atkinson, Gent, and A. M'Kiasock. Both tea and concert 'were well attended, and the affair was altogether highly successful. The board of advice and the committee of the •borough council at Portland met on Monday, and" determined to give a banquet to Major Smith and other members of the Mioistry on the opening of the new school on Friday next.. They will «lso invite tbe members for the district, Messrs Cope and Tytherleigh. Mr Hill, the bead teacher, treats the children in the evening. Tbe banquet to Major Smith will be held in the Masonie hall. A special holiday will be held , on that . day. It is anticipated that Messrs Berry, Smith, and ^oods will attend. Borne half-dozen persona were summoned at the Smythesdale Police Court, on Tuesday, for being in illegal occupation of Crown lands at Haddon. The Crown lands bailiff, Mr Jones, in opening the cases, said the defendants were endeavoring to get a legal title to their land, but it appeared that, owing to mining objections, tbey had not been able to do eo. One man raised the point that, as the Trunk Lead Company paid rent for tbe same land, he oould".not be summoned for being in unlawful occupation of it, as he bad obtained leave from that company to occupy the land. The defendants, however, were all fined 2s 6d. "Pro Bono PublicoV letter refers to a matter that a newspaper cannot interfere with, and therefore we have no alternative but to exclude it from our columns. " Timid " has not sent bis name and address, and therefore his letter cannot appear. State school 1530, Ballyrogan, was examined a short time ago by Mr Holland, inspector of schools, and obtained a good result, viz, 92-553 per cent., thus reflecting great credit on the teacher, Mr F. Young, and scholars of his school. In consequence of Mr W. Corrie Johnston having been hurriedly called away to Horsham last night, he will not deliver his intended address at the Dawson Street Congregational Church this evening, but will conduct service at tbe Academy of Music next Sunday, dne notice of which will be given by advertisement. Tbe Ballarat Deutscher Vereinwil] celebrate tbe anniversary of the battle oK Sedan, as nsual, by a grand ball in the'assembly-room of the Alfred All, on Tnesday next, when there.is expected to be a large gathering of our German fellow-colonists -and friends. By the kind permission; of Major Sleep, eight of tbe principal members of the B.V.R. band will render the necessary instrumental music, and the catering is in tbe bands of Mr Beid. The celebration, therefore, shouldbeqsiteas pleasurable as those of previous years. We are compelled to held over a number of letters and reports until to- morrow. Quadrille assemblies will be held as follow this evening:—At tbe City Fire Brigade Hall, Sturt street; at the Societies' Hall, Skipton street. " Tbe sub-committees of tbe I.O.O.F. bazaar an requested to meet at the Buck's Head betel this evening, at half-past seven sharp, to consider business of importance. A bazaar will be opened in the Barkly Street Wealeyan Schoolroom to-morrow( Thursday) evening,-at six -o'clock. A promenade concert will be given during the evening. A public meeting will be held at the Ascot hotel next Friday evening, at seven o'clock, to consider the desirability of publicly recognising the services of Councillor James Baird for the last twenty years to Ballaratshire. A full attendance of Councillor Baud's friends iB requested. A battaEon paraSe of the B.V.II. will take place this evening, nnder the command of a staff officer. Forage caps and greatcoats are to be worn. ... Mr LansdV the Sandhurst quartz reefer, has given the whole of his donation of £1600 to tbe local charities this year to tbe Bendigo Hospital. The Benevolent Asylum is left out in the cold, „ fiecause it has not withdrawn its account from the 'Cemmocul Bank, The Illustrated Australian News au& AttitralasianSkelcher f)r the month of August made their "appearance yesterday. Both pa tiers contain several very interestmg.eogravinga, amongst which views of the new Prince's Bridge across the Tarn and football by the electric light are conspicuous. The Nem gives a sketch of the sticking-up of the Commercial Bank at Lancefield as their frontispiece, and tbe Sbetcher contains a portrait of the late Mr Finlayson, manager of Ihe Hobson's Bay Railway. We draw the attention of our readers to an announcement in our advertising columns of -the .tenth anniversary of the Neil Street Mutual Improvement Association, which will be celebrated by a tea and musical entertainment." An exedlent programme fs arranged. IntheHst of students obtaining certificates of having been educated np to the required standard nnder tbe compulsory clause of the Education Act. as.published yesterday, read Louisa label for Louisa Taylor. S<?me Persons having experienced difficulty in finaingfheofficeof the electoralregistrar, Ballarat East, Mr Micbell gives unnraitskahle directions In the fair sex In the ddi^s ofPariamentls manlfit when it is statodjthat on IwtTlurrfay afternoon a lady enbalf-past four and remained tberBi^evincdng a lively ipterest in the PMoerfmg^ unffl ^ ^ j U ^ £ the fcari£which tookpJace afta two-a'clock t>n Friday momlng. bare thought, to have seen the JfofcWa* lady etxhftntea b lasting ontthedenate,tbat it did not deal with the dry details of customs due^but with the modi more personal one of women's rights. It has been sneee.^ the lady was seeing that the "gude w ' ^' correctly, and that, fearing he mieht ^r„. T .1 tal sums others have done, she kept him in ," what awaited him sbould be go wrong. wd of An ingenious trifle for children has been bm under our notice, and the agents for it a» i' American Novelty Company, of Melbourne. I • called " The mocking bird, or prairie whisile " J consists of a metal ring on a small piece of lekih and a very little practice by a child of intellii, ' will extract from it the sound of any bird » • mal the child wishes to imitate. The cost is ,D '" trifling, and the whole affair appears to be of^ simplest possible construction." ttle A meeting of the Emerald Hill Reform and P teetion League was held (says tbe Aat\ nn u day night, in the Myrtle hotel, Coventir Mr J. Fisher, the president, in the chair r, ' proposed by Mr S. Phil lips, seconded hv \r* ?axton, and carried unanimously " XhaV tv meeting cordially responds to the reqom f, u council of the league, and pledges itself to the Berry Ministry in their efforts to secar» extended protection and a radical reform of t" constitution." Mr Eirby then proposed »» MUicoll seconded, the following^ resold "That this meeting respectfully remind .P Ministry of the urgent necessity that exist, r puBhing on their Befonn Bill, and in the event t its being rejected, at once appealing to the co„„- tuenciee throughout the colony." This rescilmwas also unanimously carried. an Sunday next (says the P. C. Macs) wffi bp anniversary of an important festival in O, which is more or lesB observed among the M" 1 golians settled in our midst. Its descriptive n» in China is somewhat equivalent to what i e m5 term a ghost festival in tbe English tongue lithe custom of the Celestials on the recurrent '? this anniversary to visit the graves of iheirfl parted relations and friends, and to place at thl disposal of the ghosts of the occupants a litrt feast of good things and sundry changes of nr ment, in the belid that the dead can avail t^pm eelves of this well-meant hospitah'ty on th'u DM ticular day of the year; or that it may do wandering spirits good to know that at any riu the opportunity is offered to. them by thei sor rowing survivors. ' A preliminary meeting of the slop Titters rf Melbourne was held (saya the Aye) on Mondw night st tbe Clarence hotel, for the purpose rf forming a trade protection society. There , good attendance. Mr Hemmiugs was voted to the chair, Mr Sedye being dected secretary nZ Um Mr Edmonds moved, and Mr Almonds ^ conded a resolution—"That in the opinion of thii meeting it Is desirable to form a society to be called the Victorian Slop Cutters' Union," *Wh was carried without dissent. A committee *u appointed-to draw-up a circular, inviting tbe oooperation of all members of the trade. Dorine the evening a large number of members were en rolled.' The Gtelong Times understands that Mr E P Haworth bus very generously offered to take ID one-half of the debentures about to be issned br the Geelong corporation, for the purpose of erecting the Exhibition building, at 2J per cent interest upon condition that . Mr Silas Harding takes on the other moiety at the same rate. p The insubordinate conduct of tbe boys in ft» Jika reformatory on Saturday, caused (says th« Age) no . little excitement in the district. It thought the disturbance might have been contmaej during the Sunday nighty but on Monday mormiw no complaint was made and the business of tlu institution was carried on as nsual. Enouitia were made about tbe boy who threw the stone it the warder, and both he and another of his accompliceshave been found out The boy Shires, arrested in Collingwood, was brought back toth& reformatory on Monday morning. Another escape of prisoners (says the Age) task place at Maryborough on Monday. A gang oi seventeen were working on the road ne»r the Church of England, under the control of Wards M'Donald and Borough Guards Simson, Walsh, Mid Mayer. Three of the men ran awayinthe direction of tbe ponnd. Their names are Patrick Pelly, Albert Martin, and Charles Humphria. Felly was captured in less than half an hour aft®, wards by Mr Banner-man, Crown lands bailiff, vho happened to be riding in the direction taken by ths runaways. Bannerman saw all three, bnt only succeeded in securing Pdly, whom he corned vritb his revolver. Pdly*s sentence expires in December. Tbe police are in search of the other two. The following is that description:—Albert Martin, twenty-five y^ars of age, 5 feet 7 incbg high, fresh complexion and brown hair; Chariei Humphries, twenty-one years of age, 5 feet 8 inches, fresh complexion and brown hair. Both men'were attired in the prison costume, and irere last seen making their way for Dunolly. The WarrnamOool Standardnyt:—" Despite the many conflicting accounts which gain currency it the beginning of the potato season, and which this year suggested a large falling-off in the yield and quality of potatoes, we find that neither of these conditions is likely to prevail Tbe sample generally has been excellent, and up to the present tim» 19,500 tons have passed" through the port. Lait year 30,-000 tons of potatoes were despatched from Warrnambool by seaboard. It is probable thit this quantity will be exceeded during the present year." The annual meeting of the" Victorian Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society was held (says tbe -!$t) m Monday afternoon; Sir William Stawell presiding. The report submitted and adopted dealt ray favorably with the results of the past year's work, and hopefully of its success in the future. To shov that the association was useful in ita work of reclaiming those unfortunate persons who had forfeited the esteem of their fellow men, it was stated that since its establishment 1089 discharged prisoners had received assistance, the large minority of whom the committee have reason to bdieve, continue honest and industrious citizens, having abandoned their criminal courses for careen of usefulness as working members of society. The income was stated to be very small compared with the results obtained; the assistance from the State, £60 annually, being altogether out of proportion to the usefulness of the society. The retiring officers were re- elected, satisfaction being expressed by each.gentieman who addressed tin meeting at the results of the committee's labors. 