Amusements. The revival of Gilbert and Sullivan's comio operetti 'H.JI.S. Pinafore 'to- night at the Theatre Boval will be one oi the events of tho week. Wo have been favoured with a view of the stage, as it will appear this evening, showing the quarter-deck and waist of one ef Hex Majesty's chips j on tbe left-liana side of the stage is the quarter-Seck, with companion-ways leading to it ; from tho davits hang the boats, whilst the skylights, ventilators, *c,, are real, not makeshifts. The hammocks. all in order, are to be seen on the bulwarks; The mast, a ponderous looking one, in accordance with the supposed tounngo ol the restel, is real ; as also the yard, arms, wheel, compass, riggta?, it., &e.; The viewof Forts mouth harbour includes tbe wbole of the large itage, and is in semi-circular form. Mr. Wilson will, ao doubt, re. csive a hearty round of applause this evening for his beau tiful painting. Mr. B. . N. Jones, tha worthy stage manage has been unflagging in Mb efforts e.s te. gnrds the mounting of the piece and training of hie company, some of whom have not yet fleured before an audience as actors. The orchestra is composed ef 1 15 performers, including Signor Ortori and Mr. Eiee, and is led by Signor Fuulo Giorza. This is in itself a sufficient guarantee for its excellence, because this clever musician will not allow anything to be done by halves. Mr. Vernon Beid Eings the music allotted to Balph R&ckstraw; very sweetly, and with great expression. Mr. South, as Captain Corcoran, should make a bit, while from Mr. Williamson and Hiss Maggie Moore a great deal may be expected. Miss St. Clnir labours under the disadvantage of being unaccus tomed to tbe stage. Her brother is likewise in that awk ward position, but the singing of both will cover all de. feots. Everything points to a most brilliant and profit able run. To-night at the Queen's Theatre the drama ?? Peter Bell' willboproduced.withMr. Sam Emerrin the leading roU, supported by the talented company ot that Theatre. As on afterpiece, tie groat success of' The Irish Emigrant,' in which Mr. Farron plays so conspicuous a part, and in which he has made bo decided a 'hit,' bos induced the management to retain that drama for a few more evenings. Mr. Farron's ready humour and quaint sallies invariably cause side-splitting laughter, and the subordinate character! are all thoroughly pro ficient. Mr. Sam Emery, it is announced, has been en gatred at this theatre for another week. This night week Mr. Baker will reappear in ' Honest Tarts ;' he has been1 indisposed of late, but is now on a fair way to recovery. Professor Pepper has received so much encouragement, that he has positively announced his intention of giving a series of instructive and erplonatx-ry lectures at the Victoria Theatre during the coming week. This is a novel experiment, and we hope that Svdney people will take advantage of the opportunity thus offered of gaining that Knowledge of science which the professor knows how ably to import. To-night 'Hermes aud tha Alchymisfwill be repeated, with tho amusing sketch entitled ' The Missing Ghosts ' as an afterpiece. The performance of the Maories, with views of New Zealand, wul be repeated to-night. Their stay in Sydney is rather limited, so people wishing for Information about this wonderful race, should embrace .the opportunity afforded of acquiring this knowledge at the School ot Arts. Burton's Circus Company will produce an entirely new programme with grand scenic effects to-night. 