A STEP ON THB STAIR. . ????;. - ' i. ?' '? ? A btkp on the etair—I know it well— ? A ruatlo by allium garments mode, A sound like that of a human hand clutching tlio balustrade. These I havo hoard for many a year In tho silent pauses of overy night ; I hnvo watched, but never would aught appear Confirming the ghostly sound with sight, At the midnight hoar *tv always there— Tho trailing.silk—tho step on the stair. 11... *? T Tis a quaint old mansion whore I stay, Tho bedroom ancient whore X sleep, With curious corven furniture. And curtains dusk o*er windows deep. ,Tho oaken floor is dry with years, ? And creaks to every footstep there; . Bnt tho room is silent when i hear Tho trailing silk—the step on tho stair.' Sometimes it pauses besido my door,- Thon paces agnin the hollow floor. hi. ? * *' "What bodes tho visitor here P" I said, And trlmmod my lamp and "cVatohod again, Cautiously opened the paneled door And searchod tho quivering dark in vain. Outside-tho landing space was wido, Tho polished ilo-ars wero always bare.-, I heard tho garments brushing aside And going flown —-the stop on tho stair ; Aye, going down till it seemed to fall And rest on tbo lowest step of all. rv. ?* I spoke, and tho hand on tho rail slid down, And a sound aa a ring pu oarvon wood ; In the hall.bolQW a sigh so deep. Camo audibly awful whore-X stood.' I entered tho room with trembling haste And barred tho door with a pumbrons ohair, And then again—tho trailing.of silk— Asoending, I hoard tho'step on the stair— ? Ascending and slowly pacing by, With the rustling silk and deep-drawn sigh.. ,v. , '...*' Women are bravo in tho parlour light, And mon will joko at the tales of ghosts; But ho who sleeps in tbat silent room Novcr again of his valour boosts. Tho timid domestics whisper fears And shun tho stairs whon tho dark comes on. This was tho dread for tho many 'yoorsj "While I have slept in the room alono : No night oan pasa but tho listener thero May hoar tho measured step on the stair. -VI. With throbs at my hoort that broke all rest, ? ?.?'"' That sloeplo?s night I sat in my ohair; I hoard tho sigh of tho wind outside And the sigh moro awful on tho stair ; All that old memories stored away I scarohod in vain ; tho problem sought Lay buried dcop in tho after-lifo That awakens foar and voxos thought; Whilo ovor tho step nnd sigh tbo same I heard till tho gray of tho morning camo. VII. Outsido, by the stairs, in a mouldored frame, Is a picture of ono in silk and lace— . A stately damo of tho oldon timo, With curled grey hair and a haughty face; I said to tho servitor: " Who is this t" And ho, with a harrowing look, replied : " You havo hoard it, then—tho stop on tho stairP It is years, aye, fifty, since she died ! And over sinoo thon—sho was mistress hero— Tho guests of that room hor footsteps hear. vni. " This, my lady, was proud and high, And hor Bon ua proud and high as sho ; But ho was fiorce ond given to foud— Bad blood ran thick in tha family. Ono night tho fathor aud Bon, in wino, Brawled at a kinsman's aud fought with swords, ' And late, in tho midnight, covered with blood, Their doad,"" doad bodies camo homo on boards— - Laid down there, nt tho foot of the Btoir— Oh 1 tho blood waa running ovorywhero I IX. "My lady hoard—yos, that was hor room—- O, sho was white I but hor stop was staid— You would novor havo known sho cared at all But by hor oluteh at tho balustrade. And thon her ring, as it smote tho oak, Wounded hor hand till it bled liko theirs ; But sho saw nanght but tho two, nor spoko ; Suddon sot'down oa the dabbled stairs, Sho cried hor spake; but rigid as Btone, Only stared down at father and son.' x. . " Tho women cried—but sho sat stiU, And never a sign of word or tear'; Hor faoo was blanched as any anow, But hor oyes were awful—bo black and cloar I Her moid in hor frenzy took hor hand, But shriokod ns it fell from hor grasp liko load. Thoro sat my lady—still high and grand, But moroy, O savo ua I sho was doad I Now, overy night alnoo sho sat down thero Her atop is heard on tho oaken stair." XI. I pondered—thoro is no graco in this— *Tis a somowhat dreadful talo of blood ; But no whit wiser, in that I seek . That which has novor beon understood. Resolve and courage should furnish mo Thifl ohombor till I hnd conquorcd foar And measured tho moral power of ghosts. This is why I*m domiciled horo ; And tho lovo X have for tho antiquo graco Chat stays with spirits in suoh a place. .. ' m I liko tho chamber quiet and dim Becauso of its quaint upholstery, With its upright beds toad, carved and toll, Its purpto curtains and canopy, Itshigh-backod ohoira of twisted oak, Its mighty flro- placo graved in stone, Fire-dogs grinning asleep on tho hoarth And tho blinking griffins wrought thereon, And cabinets old, whore sculptured Fates Are holding tho titles to vast estates. xvi. I like its groining and tapestry And its mnllloned windows, whore I soe Tho first red rays of tho Bun illumo Tho walls, with their sculptured blazonry ; Whore tho curtains flamo with flowers of gold And the grotesque figures laugh and climb With many a modiroval trick In curious Gothio pontomlmo, And broken lights on tho statuos fall Intthadod niches set in tho wall. xrv. Ah I all theso things havo a charm for mo And hold mo yet a tenant at will. Though the brooding darkness wakes with sighs , And the step on the stair comes nightly ?till, ' I fear no ill of tho viewloss soul That, troubled, visits tho patient gloom; And only a prayor of pity greets Tho restless ghost of this haunted room. I should something loso did it come not there, Thia sighing shade—tho step on tho stair I s> RKromrsa Machine.—Among apparatus whioh may bo oalled literary aids—writing, calculating, and other machines—seen at the Paris Exhibition, was ono whioh attraotod muoh attention, and whioh has not yot been Introdnoed into thia conntry. It is known as "La Midline Stunographiqao Michola," the namo ot its inventor. Tbe claims made respecting it are very broad. In tho first placo, It is doolarod that after a fortnight's practice, any person of ordinary ability can take down In shorthand ohar aetera any speech, however rapidly delivered. It ia a small Instrument, piano-like in form, with twenty- two keys, white and black, and tho stonographio charaetera aro small and impressed on slips of paper. Slgnor Miohela claims to have classi fied all the sounds which .tho human organs oi epeeoh are capable of producing. ? 