L ' feis EPISTLES OF ST. PAUL. I , ' Tha Bishop of Melbourne delivered another I lecture at St. Paul's Church, yesterday after- ktoon, on the Development of Doctrine in the , Epistles of St. Pe.nL In his last he said he 1 brought the history©! Christian doctrine down 1 to the preaching of the Gospel to the Gentiles, | pd referred to the reluctant acquiescence I. BIT®54 that doctrine by the Jewish churches. | J"® position was briefly this : In the church of v wl rTJ8Cin lay not only those forces of | thought and influence which might afterwards 2 lead to heresy and disunion, but also the con- 1 bciousness of light, and a future sense of j PPer subdue the world by patience, action 2 end progress. On the other side, in the Gen ? church were upspringing the germs and beginning of a futurc life so bright, strong and 5 p'owing, that if only its development answered I w promise, it would be wonderful and as- | to mating. Thero was, in fact, a new world | Quickening to its birth. All it needed was the I electric touch of some master spirit. Where Vas the man fit to nndcrtake an dclicato I and difficult an office? Christ found j him, arrested him, and subdued him, I on the road from Jerusalem to Damascus. About this there was no disputo, because they had th® letter, of St. Paul showing that he himself believed that he had Been Jesus ChriBt, and was taken captive by him. A great work wag to be done. The man required must be mble to kindle the quickening life and suppress .the rising opposition. Hn must liaye two qualities ; nrtt, tne spins 01 eutnusiasm lor Spiritual things, and secondly a large and learned acquaintance with the method and system of his adversary. It was not easy to find such a man. Martin Luther in his time, and for. the work which he had to do, was Isuch a man. St. Paul was such a man. He felt as an Israelite the need of a new hirth, and he knew as a Pharisee the futility of .the ascetic formalities to obtain it. Whon the apostle was railed he was summoned to labor. Barnabas summoned him to Antioch, and God blessed J(us work ; the disciples mul tiplied, and his light grew. Again was heard the voico of Christ directing them : " Go ye Into all tho world and mako disciples of all nations." Who should go ? By the. instru- taentality of tho Holy Ghost tho mcssago 'oame to the church at Antioch : — " Separate »ne Barnabas and Saul for the work whcrc- rinto I have called them." Accordingly the two thus dedicated were set apart to their work. As tliey set forth from Antioch into tho darkness of the heathen World, a new chapter was turned over in the religious history of mankind. Standing upon the lonely heights at the outbreak of such a . flood of light almost made one turn giddy. It ; Was impossible to turn and look with a quiet eye on the windows of heaven thrown open, and .the fountain of the great deep broken up. But we might asknow,in a calm tone, whether we found in tho early sermons of St. Paul anything such as that which ton or fifteen years afterwards they found in liis epistle to the Philippians and Galatians ? Ho thought not. True, the fundamental principle was in the sermon — that not by obedience to the law but by union with Christ was man justified before God. But St. Paul hnd not there explained liow tliat was to be done — how Christ was to como instead of obedience. To that question thoro was no reply as yet. If we examined the early sermons of St. Paul they would be found to bo intermediate be tween St. Peter's sermons of tho Day of Pen- tocost and that position assumed in tho later history of St. Paul. There were two sermons of his reported, which demanded attention, the first to tho jews and the second to the Gentiles. Tho sermon to tho Jews at Antioch was interesting. It followed St. Peter's at Pentecost, which traced the connection of Christ with the seed of Abraham, and showed lie was the Messiah by his resurrection from the dead. In somo of the lust words of that jsermon it was stated that man could not be justified by the deeds of the law. This was . tho first note of the specific Paulino gospel. Et. Peter said the Gentiles were members of tho Chnrch of God, and that they were circumcised K>ecause Christ passed into their hearts. St. Paul laid that they not only passed into tlio church of Christ, hut that the law had nothing to do with then. That was a position mo3t : difficult for a Jow to receive. It contained the declaration that the law was of no use for justification ; but it dicHiot explain why tho manner in which the union with Christ carao into the place of tho law. Now, Bower hnd laid hold of that fact, and questioned the authenticity of tho sermon in tho Acts of tlio Apostles, considering it was not roported as qprftaehed. That objection was based on tho .assumption that when St. Paul was converted he not only tfot the .fundamental Hm of -the ;can)t man was justified, but that ho . Stated to himself all those propositions which naturally flowed from that central assumption. If that were trno, no doubt we would expect to find in the first sermon all we found in the Inst, as certain popular preachers were in the habit of assuming. When Bower did not find in St. Paul's first sermon the ma turely developed thought of his epistles, he said the passage should not have been there, and that it was spuriouB. If we admitted the de velopment of tho Gospel doctrine there was no power in the statement. Deny the develop ment and immediately there was difficulty. Paul's teaching was then intermediate, be cause his mind was in an intermediate posi tion. His answer was complete. In that manner along the whole line tiie spear of criticism was shattered to pieces upon the shield ef development. Proceeding howover with the main subject, he remarked that tlic gospel having been preached to the Gentiles, the Jews were confronted with the announce ment that the law of Moses had nothing to do with justification, and that if the Gentile could be justified without the law so could the Jew. To tho Jewish people such a pro position was like the crack of doom ; it was the passing away of a world. Their convic tions respecting the law of Moses were ' living convictions. It was an easy thing to get rid of Paganism, which bad no more connection with the human heart than tho idols which they worshipped, or the ground on which they stood. But to a Jew circumcision and the law lived in their hearts and consciences. In that state of mind the tatement that the law was of no use to justify went ringing through the Jewish world. The effect was very much like what would be pro duced in modern times if the Archbishop of Canterbury or tho Pope of Romo stated that a man could be justified without Christ. All Judaic Christianity rose 111 arms. A party arose in the church of Jerusalem to initiate opposition. They heard Paul was preaching ,new gospel in the church of An tioch. A yconfereuce was held at Jeru salem, Paul and Barnabas representing kin, ftentilfiR. Now there arose nut. of this a remarkable critical question which had caused much troublesome discussion in the modem world. It was whether in the account of tho transaction at Jerusalem we were to concede there was an opposition between the Christian and the Judaic reaction, or between the opposi tion of St. Paul and the apostles of the circum- cision. After elaborately rcviewingtliisquestion, the Bishop expressed his opinion that an in veterate opposition was started by certain 'Talse brethren g|)d certain sects of tho Pharisees . who said a man must be circumcised and jceep' the whole law. Iteferring to the different version K>f this conference said to be given by St. Paul in tho second chapter of his epistle to the Galatians, and St. Luke's account of it in the Acts of tho Apostles, the Bishop ex pressed his firm conviction that St. Lnko re ferred to ' the public proceedings of the con ference, which he necessarily mentioned as a part of the history of the chnrch, whilst St. Paul, in his letter, where he Baid ho imparted to them tho cospcl which he preached to tlio i GentileB, referred to a private meeting of the ; apostles. A closo examination of theso i controverted points gave him a firm conviction nf'the absolute trustworthiness of "the Gospel. In conclusion, let them observe the position in which tho council of Jerusalem — the proceed- inga of which lie believed wcro truly reported —deft the great question that they had been considering that afternoon. Did it reach a final and satisfactory solution of tho diffi culty? It did not. Its decree was only a compromise. It implied that whilst . Gentiles were not to be circumcised, Jews might be. It did not affirm that ' Christ without the law was sufficient for the t Jew. It stumped for ever the conclusion that , circumcision was necessary for the Jew, by requiring from all Gentiles in tha mixed | communities of Syria and Silioia cer- tain well-known concessions. What then | was the result gained? Tho chnrch got p a .breathing times ; schism was prevented, ! and a rebuke was administered to that self- E will and mad licence which is ever ready to destroy tho church to got its own way. The voice of Christ was heard saying, " A new commandment I give you, that ye love one another."- Orthodoxy was much, but love was more. It was true it was impossible to stop the progress of Christian thought. That de velopment was slowly proceeding under tha Holy Spirit to its destined goal. Next week he would havo to follow the course of tho stream by deserting tho track of history and taking to that of teaching and prophecy. ! The new Eddystone lighthouse will be sixty j /cet higher than the present tower, and will I tost aon'tf? j|000. 