SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS. For aome time a certain class of newspapers have abounded in marvellous tales of spirit photographs, the work of a lady photographer of Rochester. N.'Y., assisted of course by the ghosts of her clients' ancestors and departed friends. Recently two lady sitters were impressed by the old-fashioned yet familiar costume and aspect of the spirits atbonding thom in thoir pictures ; nnd set to work to trace their probable pro-spirit history in tho pages of an old magazine for ladies. The search was successful, the original of one of thespirits proving to be an engraving entitled " NonrmahHl " and the other "The Last Roso oi Summer." No doubt tho spirits can give good reasons for masquerading in those particular costumes, but as yet thoy have failed lo do so. The photographs and engravings fell into the hands of a representative of the Roohester Union, who, in order to nscertnin tho process by which tho ghostly picture was printed beside tho sharply defined portrait, submitted theua to a photographer who does not denl In spirits. The process was practically illustrated and explained as follows : A ne gative !b first taken of the engraving. When the filter coups for a pioturo the negative Is turned the other side, the collodion put on and the glass put in tho camera. In this manner the portrait of the Fitter is on arm Bide of tho glasB and what is intended for the spirit on tho other. When the negative comes to be printed tho paper is placed against tho sido of the glaes having' tho portrait of the sitter and exposed to tho light. The spirit being on tho other aide of the glass has to strike through it, which gives it the hazy appearance,, while the portrait, being on the side next the light, comos out clearly definod. Any one who is deairous of doing so can test this for himself, nnd the illustration Bliown by the photographer ox. plained the matter fully to the eyes oi tho in quiring newspaper man. The more artistio a photographer is, of course, the more unoarthly he can make tho work, and tho gentlemnn in question nnid he could produce a picture of the most ghastly description, — Scientific Ameri can. 