CAPTAIN COOK'S MONUMENT. The just recognition of merit and worth We yield to the brave iii;d the just ones of earth, Though tardily rendered, to brave Captain Cook, Most nobly was earned, and leads us to look .To days of the pa.-it ; when his knowledge and skill, , His daring and courage, his strong iron will, Made his glorious discoveries lasting and /rand, Gave birth to a nation, a new British land. Yes, sunny Australia, with treasures so vast, Embedded by Nature for centuries past — With gold, and with silver, and metals untold, And clothed with a verdure bo grand to behold ; So like the fair Eden, where man was first blest, With Nature his glory and Beauty his guest ; For here are the metals and classified ores Provided in plenty in magnified stores. Dul X«!lrU3b /\USLliUIU» Wll/U XAUJIUO OU ViWl, ? Like a pearl in the ocean, for centuries past Lay hidden in lustre by boisterous sea, And lost to tlm race of the brave and the free ; Till nautical science had tempted the brave, To sail o'er the billows or make them his grave, And prove the great problem which science unfurled, , ? AjkI gave to old England this side Of the world. I picture him ready with danger to cope — A sight to be studied, Feav lighting with Hope — Not fear for the dangers of tempest or wave, , . These Hiise inmost courage in our seamen brave ; But fear le.st he fail to hand down to his race ' This land of Australia, this beautiful place. I see him now pacing the deck of his ship, ' Ilis brow knit in thought, and compressed is his lip ; , He.paces the quarter for hours, and alone. . Like a monarch lamenting the loss of a throne : But, trusting to science, sees land in the air, Throws doubts to the winds, and he laughs at despair. The curtains of Heaven are suspended on high, The wind comes in gusts, and the rain pelting by, The stars in their stations, are hid from all sight, Save His, who is ruler of day aud of night ; Above every sound is the roaring of thunder, And flushes of light fill the brave crew with wonder, As if all the elements, ready for war, Had met o'er the billows defying all law, .. . Each pouring out fury in desperate fight, The wind, rain, and thunder in flashes of light. Yet Cook is not daunted, his soul is on fire, And noble ambition grows higher and higher. The dawn of the morning gave lustre to day, v ? And the storm of the elements passes away, On this morning auspicious, uncertainty died, And Bateman, with others, in ecstasy cried, ' ' Land ! Land on the port !' and land was in view, And hearty hurrahs rose in shouts from the crew. . But onward they sail, midst the foam and the spray ; The sails are all set, and the ship speeds away ; Five Islands she passes, the men shout with glee, And Cook is a hero afloat on the sea. 'For days they were beating about on the seas, Alternately calmed, or submerged by the breeze; But what was their joy when they sighted a bay \- That seemed to invite them to rest on their way. The sight was most tempting, the sea was now calm, And Cook has surrendered desire to the charm. ' 'Bout ship !' was the order, and sailing with care, Her head was then pointed to scenery fair ; Electrified artists, these gazed on a sight Portraying wild Nature renewed by the light. The Sun in his glory shines out on the scene, Our Hero now stands where no Briton has been A. few Aboriginals, lances in hand, Rush down to the shore to forbid them to land ; ' But-the old Union-Jack- proudly waves in their sight, And the sound of the musket soon puts them to flight. The birds are affrighted, and flutter away, The Kangaroo hops; out of sight in dismay ; The fronds of the fern wave about in the breeze ; . Bright flowers, like^ems, lie among bushes ana trees : ? ' - .'There Nature has lavished such beauteous display, No name can be fitter than Botany Bay. o thought Captain Cook ; and in honouring him ? Let us ne'er change its name for a mere passing whim. 01 had he been gif ted with sight like the Seers, Andlifted the veil from the next hundred years, Had he we n all the progress this country has made, ? His trouble methinks would be amply repaid. Ah Cook ! Could you see what your daring hath done ; ' Could you know of the treasures your energy won ; \- Could you rise from the grave and' take but a glance At the railways, and cities, you'd wonder perchance To see this great country, your monument fair, . Built on the foundations of wisdom and care, — More lasting than metals, more precious than gold, Where millions may settle with blessings untold. O ! Land of the South, the bright habitation, Discovered and settled by Cook's navigation ; Who planted the standard now waving supreme, ? O'er millions of acres Cook saw in his dream, ? / Yes, he, the great sailor (whose patriot heart ? Torn out by a savage.), bequeathed us his chart ; i ; ' Whose perfect description of shallows and shoal Will stand a momento as centuries roll. Yesjihis Land of the South, by a wise constitution, Built colleges up, with that great institution ' , - Where men of great letters the sciences teach ; , , Bears statesmen to govern, and pastors to preach. : These giants in classics, theology too, ' ^ Revere the old country that gave them the new. Say, 'Wcntworth, or Nichols, or Deniehy's ghost : — You born in the country, yourselves in a host : Say Robertson, Martin, aud Parkes in the hunt— Ye men that have come from the ranks to the front : Say where would you be, or what be your place, Had science not dawned on this land that you grace ? Say, what do you owe to the head and the heart Comprising the drama to give each a part, Where each has obtained, in fair politic's race, A name to hand down in a time-honoured place ? Say, what shall we sing, or compose we the air, To laud up this country, this land of the fair? Ah ! Cook, could you see on a fair summer's day Our children, all dressed in the neatest array; Examine their books, or look in their schools, You'd publish past ages the ages of fools. Could you sit in a star on a fine summer's night, Look down on our City, all blazing with light ; Could you enter our Churches, or visit our Courts, And share in the Glory, the fruit of your thoughts ; Could you enter our Senate, or sit in its chair, — You'd give them a lesson so much needed there. Since you planted the standard a century past The Island you christened a nation grows fast, Whose children by millions will honour thy name ; Will study thy genius, to copy thy fame. Yes; fame was the beacon that guided you through The ancient old billows to those of the new ; Thy brain was the compass, thy genius the key, That opened Australia, this land of the free ; Where men of all nations, or colour, or creed May worship Jehovah : they have all they need Of liberty, speech to say what they will, To pray, or to preach, or to Parliament fill. Ah ! beautiful land, where freedom of speech Gives zest to the scholar to practice or teach ; That men of the lowest the highest may be — A cabin boy rise to be prince of the sea. Captain Cook is the man we honour to-day, But whose was the hand that guided him ? Say, Was it chance led him here, to this continent erand. Which is peopled by thousands from fair Britain's land? Was it chance founded empires in ages now past ? Was it chance founded ours, which perchance is the last ? Ah ! No, 'twas the hand of the power Divine That wafted brave Cook to this bright sunny clime And crowned his great labours with glorious success, And gave us this beautiful land to possess. And while as a nation we worship the Lord, As a nation found laws on His own revealed Word So long shall we hold the first place in the world, And our glorious standard shall never be furled. SAMUEL HARPER. Claptonville, Cleveland-street, February 25, 1879. 