PROFESSOR PEPPER AT HOBART J'UWN. There was a crowded house at the Town Hall on Friday night, says the Mercury, when Professor Pepper ap peared for the first time in llolmrt Town. Tbe Professor comes to the colonies by tbe enterprise of some well to-do Tasmanians, with a well-established reputation as a teacher of science in an uiiruuMio iorm. 111 ills introductory lecture he said as it was a holiday night ho would be more amoning than scien tific, but, as it proved, tbe scientific por tion was tbo best part of lho entertain ment. It must be said that the company had only landed late the previous night from tho s.s. Tasman, and they were fatigued with their hurried and neces sarily faulty arrangement* ; bnt the chief drawback nndoubtedly wbb the clever imitation of tbe l'rofeesor by D'Arcy Head's Ghost, which had so suc cessful a season a short time ago. As Professor Pepper said, the Itead illn sions may have been only imitations, and those now presented wore upon an altngother new and superior principle ; but still tlic charm of novelty was in a great measure wanting. Tin's cannot be said of (bo beautiful soenio illnetra lions of torpedo warfare, which were as instruciivo as they are realistic and new U- * general audience. In ttiii, the opening part of the ??v.hiliilion, the Professor alike clianueJ an. I uui;lit tti» auditory with his well delivered compre hensive lecture, which may be de»crih,-d lie traerj the history of the invention of those IVll engines of ? Jern warfare, the torpedo, from the Ursl crude and almost harmless conception of Fulton to the ; roductiun ol the terribly de structive Whitehead and Brc- uuau tor pedo, which have wrought such a revo lution in defence and offence, both on land and water. Ue showed by means of viow. on canvas Ihc different kinds of propulsion of the different torpedoes, and how tho most perfect of these in ventions Could 1)0 made to pursue and out-maiKBUvrc a hoslile vessel worked by meaiia of an ironclad, or land bat teries. Further it was shown how iron clads were proU'cted, while at anchor, Imm tlie approach of tlieir deadliest work placed round the ves«i-l ot seme distance from her, bo an to liannlrsi-Iy I ox-plode tlic charge. Lastly, the mortar magnesium light, and its use in disclos ing tbe presence and approach uf an enemy at night, whether an army or a licet, were amply described and demon strated, ns also the electric light, now carried by all tlio English fleet by order of tho Admiralty. The stupendous effects of torpedo 'explosions was illus trated t.y moans ol enlarged photo graphs, taken by the British Govern incut upon experiments being made. Tho second port of the entertainment consisted of startling changes, and the instantaneous appearance, and disap pearance into airy nothing of a pretty little dog, a glass of gold lisii, and some edibles. 'The modem Metem psychosis' as it was called, amusingly delineated the Darwinian theory, not unmingled with some useful knowledge. A young lady mysteriously summoned into a living presence by the power of the fancies at tho incantation of the Professor, sung a pleasing song, but the fair vocalist appeared to be tals, and lost some favor by being ner vous. A miraculous growth of flowers and tho ghostly entry of the ghost of Banquo, with weird and wonderful dis appearance, gave place to 'The niissiiiL Ghosts.' 