STRAY LEAVES OF THE PAST- By MELDOO. At the time of which I write (1841) the general talk in tho interior of N. S. Wales referred to a murder discovered by ' tho inter vention of a ghost. The tale was a most ex traordinary one, yet fully authenticated hv the recoids of tho Supremo Court at Sydnoy. I forget the names of the parties concerned, and will, therefore, substitute fictitious onos, to secure a less confused narrativo. Brown hud a fn rm close to the Syduey Road. He was not morried, and worked the farm with tho assistance of only one man, whom I will call Crabb. Thoy both lived on tho farm, on ap- . parently friendly terms, and Brown was rapidly flourishing in worldly affairs. After a rcsidenco of a few years he suddenly disap peared, and when Crabb was questioned on tho mbjeot, his invarinblo reply was that Brown had gone to Van Dioman's Land, to t rausaet sonic family business. Some three months passed without any tidingB from Brown and Crabb appeared tn fret ft gfflftt dcftl at the long absence of bis friendly employer; yet kept everything right on the farm witli as much industry and porscverunoe as if it were his own property. About three months aftor Brown's disappearance, a gentleman from a di-tant part of the country, who had intl- matelv known the former for yoara, was riding along the road, where only a rail fonco divided it from the farm. He suddooly met Brown, nnd Hpoke to liirn; but tho latter merely looked at him in a melancholy man ner, with a pale face, glided over the fcnco, nnd walked towards a water-hole, surrounded with high leeds, a few yards from the fenco, and there disappeared. The gentleman was thoroughly puzzlod at this strange conduct, and made inquirtos at the nearest publichonse, where he related' the particulars of tho en counter, When told that Brown had not yet returned from Van Dieman's Land, his own astonishment, and the curiosity of the others, were wound up to fevor- heat. The affair quickly readied tho cars of tho police stationed in the neighborhood. -These went with a black tracker, and followed the direction ot isrown s route trom tne roan to the wdtorhole, as pointed out by the gentleman who had met htm. Not the least trace of a track aoald be found, and tho party were nbout to retire, when tho blackfellow cried out from the reeds, "wbitefeltow bulgnni here." He had dipped his finger in the water, tasted it, and discovered the bulgani (fat) of a white man. Tho waterholo was quickly dragged, and there, sure enough, was the body of poor Brown. Crabb, of course, wob arrested, and sent to Sydney for trial. The ghost story created great sensa tion, and tbe court was crammed at the trial. The gentleman who had met the supposed Brown, repeated tho facts on oath, in a cloar and distinct manner, which fully testified his own firm conviction of the reality of that meeting. In summing up to tho jury, the Judge referred special'y to the extraordinary cir cumstances that had led to the discovery of the murder ; and stated that during bis ex perience he had never met nor read of so strange a cose. He believed thera was not a similar ops. on record in the annals of juris prudence. Crabb was found guilty of murder, nnd sentenced to death, without hops of mercy. Before execution, ho confessed his crime, alleging that his only motive had been to seenre the farm and property to himself. He professed devout penitonco, believing, as he said, that the ghost had been sent on pur pose as a means of saving bis sonl, by bringing him to repontance and the gallows. ' I novei- saw the records of this strange trial, bat hoard tbe particulars from various parties who were fully cognisant of all tho details. Perhaps some of yoar numerous readers have been moro fortunate in that respect, and may fur nish names and dates, as well as correct any errors in my information, While on the subject of tragedy, I may as well refer to two or three other murders that created sensations about this period. Tbe murderer (Lynch) was one of tho most callous and bratal scoundrels thnt ovor dogrndad tho human form. He had committed two murders in Ireland ; the first was not fully proved, and the second resulted in a verdict of man slaughter, for which he was transported for life. After a servitude) of fiftoou years ho was released, and quickly renewed his career of blood on a large scale. The moBt revolting of his atrocities was the murdes of a wliolo IflUllljl LUUBlOl 4 Lig U1 ItaullvL, UlUbUCi) ttUVI daughter, together with a youth who hau acci mpanied him from Syduey with a drayload of goods. Ho mnrdered the boy on the road, and burnt the body in Bnch a carelesB manner, that anyone passing along might see the cal cined boiies bleached on the heap of ashes, within a few feet ot the highway. Ho took the team and goods to tbe farm, stopped for the night, and was treated with great hospitality. Boring the evening he askei the father to bring in seme wood, and tbe daughter to fetch water, whilst he would open a case of spiiits "to make them all com fortable." During the absence of those two he mnrdered tho womaa. Tbe buBband was killed with an axe, as he woe entering the donr with the firewood; and tho daughter, was also murdered. The wretch after wards burnt the three bodies together on a large file of wood, within a few yards of the hut, and iept piling on frcoh fuel for three days, to se cure the dostrnctlon of every trace of hie crime. Ho kept possession of tho farm and property, and informed those who occasionally made enquiries about the family, that he had purchased the property, and they had gone to Sydney. His next exploit occurred near tho then well-known " KeigliranV Hotel, on tbe Sydney road. While standing at tho bar of that hotel, he saw a man with a now cabbage- tree bat on, going away. Lynch followed this man for half a mllo, killed bim by a stroke with a tomahawk on the back of the neck, hid tbe bodyunder a heap o! brushwood, bihind a fallen trco, close to tbe roadside, and re turned to the hotel, wearing the murdered man's bat. Tbe landlord at once suspected foul play, but did not allow bis suspicious to bo noticed. Ho carelessly asked Lvnoh if he had " swopped" hate, with the stranger? "Oh, yes," replied tho villain, " I followed him to arrange a business transaction, which was settled all right, and wo swappod hats on the bargain." The police station was olose at hand, the land lord sent private information of his suspicion, flearuu wus limue, auu sue uuuy tuuiiu con cealed in so careless a manner that portions of the dress could be seen protruding through tbe slight covering ot leaves and brushwood. Lynch was sent to Sydney, tried? convicted, and executed. Before execution ho was in different in demeanor, and utterly callous to regret or remorse. Ho confessed to the mur der of eleven persons, the two in Ireland, and nine in Australia, He assured bio gaoler that he felt no moro compunction in killing a human being than sticking a pig ; Unified like a demon when describing how tho fat' of the bodies ran over tbe burning pile, and made the flames rise to the top of the forest. Ho acknowledged the lost man hq murdered to have been a porfect stranger to him, but the hat had taken his fancy. To acquire that bat wos tbo sale cause of the murder, nnd he cut tbafj victim's neck lost ho might injure tbe hat 1 That wretch dropped from tbo gallows with the execrations of a horrified olty ringing in bis ears, the fitting requiem to a life of remorseless orimo and bloodshed. (To be Continued.) It is an easy thing to fight a battle by ookin" on and watching tbe soldiors a3 thoy ltruggle in the valley below; it is an easy shing to overlook n game which others are tplaying and tell what tho moves ought to be but it is not an easy thing for a man in all the temptations of life to carry a domineering; pride and passions that are magazines of lofiammstion. It Ib not an easy thing for a man to o-capo ont of evil habits and manifold sins, fighting against the prince of the power of the air. It is not an easy thing for a man to walk the woy of Integrity straight, without reeling to the right or to the left. A reser voir In oaks way, or- some river 07ei«' leaps tho dam, and tho whole valley for miles and leagues is swept by the flood. The sound of the thunderous waters coming sets all people, right and left, rustling out of their dwellings, the cry goes up, nnd every man, woman and child flees for , the high land— nnd up- jioso a man should Btand and watch and make contomptnous remarks about this one and that one, as, in their excitement nnd fear, they stumble and fall or take circuitous ways instead of folluwinff n direct course? Suppose ho should look criticising upon those scramb ling and terrified thousands ? Ex Durham, Molhor Solglo'e Curative Syrup (ox- tract of roote), nnd Optratlng Pills, Hotin-n'e I, vor Parte, hooter's tile SyrUp, Scheing's Pupsluo Ea-euce. Francis Longmoro, Victory Pharmacy, coruor Flinders and King streets. The Everton Cough Remedy cures coughs when no thing else will. Sold everywhere. Price 2s per bottle Francis Longmore, manufacturer and proprietor corner Flinders and King streets, Melbourne. 