>* -' - Queensland. .. !!!!.,'~(FBOM OTTO OVTN OOBEBSPONDENT.) "'. ] ' Brisbane, April 19. AWTBB all the sousing wet of the first two days ofthe volunteer encampment it turned out on the whole an enjoyable, if not entirely successful affair On Saturday the sham fight took place at German Station ; the companies were about equally divided excepting that the defenders of the as sailed position hod the most artillery. The attack was successfully resisted. On Sunday a little military duty was performed in the early morning. At 10 o'clock the members of the Roman Catholic Church paraded for service, a priest of their faith officiating; at ll the Protestants assembled for religious service, the liturgy of the Church of England being read by Major Moore. It was not very creditable to tho Commandant that he had not arranged for an accredited Protestant minis ter to hold service at the camp ; that might easily hare been done, although the clergymen of the Church oE England all make a special duty of be ing in their places when the Easter offerings are taken up, nor can any one rightly blame them ; he is a graceless maa who turns his back on his benefactors when their gifts are being given to him.- I aui credibly informed that a minister of a so-called non-conforming church did offer to nreaoh at the encampment, but was put off. lt wally looked as if the officers did not desire the presence of any chaplain but one of themselves, ' On Monday the encampment was the centre of at traction to the holiday-makers ; several thousand persons visited it. The Colonial Secretary in spected the entire citizen army, and expressed his pleasure at their efficiency. It has been a matter of surprise that the Governor, who is Commander in-Chief, did not inspect the force. The fact is that Sir Arthur Kennedy has retired considerably from view since the Chinese agitation, lie so far believes in Chinese labour tb at he employs none but servants ofthat ilk. 1 do not see why, in that matter, he should not please himself, although it is not easy to draw a line ai which the employment of China men should cease. I have perpetrated a digres sion. I return to my subject to say that on Monday evening the camp broke up, and the expensive episode ended. It will cost the country not less than £5000, perhaps more. Yet all the corps to gether number no more than a British regiment in full strength. I assure you that many taxpayers growl at the costly mimicry of war. The Government have this week put their feet into a disagreeable mess. They have decided in Cabinet Council to transfer the public banking account from the Union to the Queensland National Bank. It looks patriotic at the first blush, but blushes are notoriously unreliable tests of either deep feeling or real character. The National Bank is a local institution in name and aim ; its capital was mainly subscribed in this colony, it has re ceived a good deal of suppoit on both of those grounds, but it has not yet reached its mat urity-it requires still Borne coddling. Our present Premier is one of its physicians ; he was a leading member of its directorate, but contemplating serving its turn, he, becoming Colonial Treasurer, resigned his bank directorship. Ile has a keen sense of the externalisms of propriety. So he went off the board, but Mr. Palmer, the Colonial S;cretary, went on. Mr. Palmer is a blulf, honest gentlemau, who, some people say, would not lend himself to any sort of meanness. I gladly record those people's good opinion of him. The same folk say that Mr. M'llwraith is a clever financier. Events seem to be proving the truth pf that saying. It is » clover thing for an ex-director and a present director of a bank to send in a tender to themselves and their subservient colleagues, and to accept that tender on the ground that, after very careful corn Eariaon of it and the tender sent iu by the Union ank, it was found that a saving of a few thou sands per annum might accrue to the colony. Yes! Mr,M'llwraith is a clever financier; no one . else, 1 suppose, was so well qualified to analyse the two tenders ns himself. His decision,, being clever, must be right, and Palmer's acquiescence .with his chief in the acceptance of his own lender must ba honest and honourable. Only two' banks tendered, the one which has for several years trans acted the public business satisfactorily, and the other which desires to transact that business during the next few years. The Commercial, New South Wales, Australian Joint Stock, and Australa-. sian have important branches here, but their managers either hold tho peculiar theory that all should share the public business, or, regarding the resultas fore- determined, they declined to partici pate in the ridiculous farce. The Hon. George Thorne is the successful candi date for Northern Downs; the Opposition score one, and a big one it is. Mr. Thorne will be a great acquisition to his party, he is.a capital whipper-in; a genial, jovial fellow, whose good n^u* W|U bo the very thing to help Mr. Grif htu s haughty taciturnity. I quite expect àspeedy alteration in the balance of power after the As sembly meeta next month, for it is really to .meet toen after an interval of noarly four months; such a ionK absence from, tho House is almost enough to mako some of the new members forget that they woroovorolectod to represent their respective con stituencies. « T¿8J ftlea of the ftve years' leases took place yosterday simaltaneously. There was very little competition. In a few cases an advance had to i« . on tho uPaot oE £2 Per square mile, and it Wi J. ia othör ca80S speculators had to bo ?h &U; by the Present lessees. It is certain wat the present holders in all cases got their re newals where they tried, Some did not bid at all; r,iny VJ,,00"19 off best, ultimately getting their r ms at £i por square mile. The result was anti cpated. "Now blood "is a popular but often a SK? a" Who is likol-v to lease TUUS for the t,h -H1 of flvo years, to iinprovo and stock . J oin, with n liability to have thom roduoed by wo demands of agricultural settlement, or nt the r.Tno 8 tem t0 leav9 tbQm altogether? The Mr«Ännu0fc be o£ 80 mucl1 "value to anybody else «a io tue holders who have on them their improve manta and stock. Still it was very conservative or. fT.i8e V08ted Crests to fix all the sales of leases °Q the same day. ûnl\^ A1 the French escapees from New Cale m had scarcely lauded on tb.? shores of freedom jvten their radical notions o£ communism mani fested themselves. They deliberately entered the dwellings of honest folk, and silently helped themselves to a share of the honest folk's house hold or personal treasures. The old nature was not eradicated by punitive exile to New Caledonia. Three of the scoundrels are now in custody, and the evidence of guilt is too clear for them to escape. We have had more rain. The state of the country is now all that could be desired. Fat stock are so plentiful that tho market is glutted and prices are low. This week there were very few fat cattle at tho yards. One or two herds of scrubbers were there, but that sort of cattle have no chance with buyers who can get the pick of the country's stock at about £5 per head. A draft of inferior quality was offered from Manumbar, but only three pens were 6old, at from £4 to £i 17s 6d ; the rest were withdrawn. A lot of Cressbrook cattle were de tained by rain. Sheep of prime quality, from Headington Hill, were sold by Messrs. Scott and Macgregor at 12s to 13s. This is an advance of 2s on tho prices lately ruling in this market. Things look gloomy for the graziers ; but what would have been the state of affairs if the drought had not killed off so many ill-bred beasts ? At Rock hampton, it is proposed to charteraspecial steamer to take a trial shipment of cattle to China. It does seem strongly probable that good and natural markets could be found in the East for our sur plus fat stock. í The Courier is keeping well before the public its favourite scheme for the construction, by a private company, of a railway line to Port Darwin in con sideration of equivalent grants of land being made to the company. The scheme meets very little sympathy outside the office of the Courier ; but inside there appears to be unbounded enthusiasm in favour of the project. So far as the project springs frc m patriotism it is entitled to fair con sideration ; so far as it springs from speculation, it is open to suspicion, If the proper time has arrived, or is near, to construct an iron highway directly through this colony ; if such a line would improve the country, through which it w«uld pass, to such an extent as to justify the outlay ; if it would open up extensive commercial intercourse with the countries easily reached from our Northern coast, then the State should retain all the advan tages and proüts by itself making the railway. I, however, do not believe that the trans- continental railway is likely to be payable, or indeed to be required by the present generation of Queens landers. April 23. It is rumoured that a number of the workmen employed in the railway shops at Ipswich and Rockhampton are to be dismissed. In most departments this sort of retrenchment is going on. All superfluous hands are properly being dis persed. Nobody can find fault with the adminis tration relieving the country of the incapable clerksl who were much too readily taken into the public service during the Thom and Douglas Administrations. But it is rather a different thing when it comes to dismissing skilled workmen. If we scatter these we may not easily be able to collect otheis when the requirements may be more urgent than in this period of temporary depression. Even severe pconomy, howevor necessary, should be judicious. Tho present Government deserves credit for bravely grappling with this huge difficulty ; if " they will but carry out their culling process with rigid im partiality they will secure the commendation of all except the direct sufferers. It may be well for them to remember that their patronage of their friends ia sure to provoke hostile criticism ;. already they are popularly accredited with a readi ness to reward those who have served them. The Government used every possible method to put in their man for Northern Downs. Both the Ministers for Lands and for Works f«und that public business required their personal attentiono up in that direction at the most important junc ture of electioneering proceedings, and both com mon rumour and confident assertion do them in justice if they did not employ both political and religious influence in favour of Mr. Nelson. It was all in vain. Mr. Thorn won by a large ma jority. There is quite a dearth of news. The genius of the respective editors of the daily papers is exer cised to the utmost to supply something readable and interesting. The evening paper fills up with entire aTtioles from the high- class literary week lies of the old world, duly acknowledged, but read only by few persons. Of local items there are few to be collated, for dulness provails everywhere. The property sale marts are deserted. Grocers shops must be well nigh glutted with the goods purchased at auction sales of bankrupt's stocks ; consignments of furniture, pictures, &c;, will not move off even under the hammer ; in one main thoroughfare I have counted a . dozen empty shops ; the farmers cannot obtain purchasers for their abundant stocks of produce. In spite of all this dulness city pro perty has not much depreciated in val ue. O wners hold for high reserves. There is no Buch panic as prevailed in tho year 1806. Most people are san guine of a speedy return of prosperity, but it is nôt easy to see from what source, the reviving agencies aro . to come. The northern gold fields are in decadence, or are mostly left to the possession of Chinamen. Cooktown is vir tually a .Chinese town. The steamers plying hence to that terminus procure very little freight north oí Townsville. -But while the northern fields decline, Gympie seems to hold on its way. It has been a first- class goldfield, and its auriferous treasures are not yet worked out. Capital stone is being got out of the North Lady Mary claim ; the InBt crushing was a grand one-21 tons of quartz yielded 1491oe of gold. The face still lookB well. One of our citizens bought recently a seventh share in this claim for £1500 ; his first dividend is £708. Better still is the ' case of another Brisbane pur chaser who, a few weeks ago, purchased- a four teenth share for £000, and has received a dividend of £354. During the last twelve months this claim has produced 135 tons of stone, which have yielded 4703oz of gold, or 34oz lödwt to the ton. We are having plenty of amusements to enliven the dull times, but I think the proprietors find that money is not so plentiful as it was a year or two ugo. When our -citizene had money they readily fooled it away on all eortB of absurd enter tainments ; many a showy man then paid his ready money fireely to the jollity-mongers who since has not been able to pay debts long standing to his creditors. The mountebanks and conjurors carried off pockets full of money, tho merchants and retail dealers have had to accept beggarly divi dends from 6d to 3a6d in the pound sterling. This is a feature of our morality which has little varia tion of phase. Practically, it is a settled axiom with a certain class of people that so long ns they havemoney withinrencl), they will have sensational gratification, whoeover may be the ultimate loser, but just now there ia not much money within reach. Bachelder's temptation of a lottery did not draw great crowds. The Genuine Euglieh Circus Company, with its clever ci own, wu s but moderately patronised. Now, Baker and Parrón are performing at the theatre ; and advertisements and placards are inviting everybody to " look out for Carlton's ghost." We are likely to be overdone with the good things, which talented and ingenious peripatetics are kindly placing be fore us. Better than all these for real enjoyment is tfee exhibition, at the old School of Arts, of works of art, articles of vertu, of old porcelain, of fancy needlework, and of old and now curiosities. The articles have been gathered bj' the Committee of the Convalescent and Benevolent Home-a useful institution, which has been languishing for lack of funds. The collection of articles is very large and varied, and offers enjoy meut for a few hours of a sound serviceable kind. The exhibition was not for the first two days so largely visited as it merited, but the reason was, I think, that the affair had been got up too hastily and quietly. These things require to be noised abroad. Nobody cnn pass through the streets with open eyes without being told by great glaring letters to " look out for Carlton's ghos»"; but the excellent exhibition for a most worthy object, modestly retires into diminutive advertisements, which only readers of daily papers aue likely to notice. Apart altogether from the financial and benevolent aspect of the matter, this show of works of art and curiosities is a useful \ project. Why ehou'd possessors of interesting ! and valuable things hoard them for the exclusive ¡ gratification of themselves and their select . friends ? The diffusion of pleasure is one of the highest functions of mankind, and there is not in i this respect so much selfishness, as is sometimes i attributed to human nature. Whatever may be , the motives which prompt acquisition or exhibi tion of works of art, or valuable curiosities their owners are generally willing to aff jrd people less fortunate than themselves an occasional oppor tunity of sharing with them the pleasure of viewing or examining their hobbies. 1 cannot ever forget the delight with which I gazed on the paintings in the Art Treasures Exh cition in Manchester in 1857, nor the gratitude which I felt towards the possessors of those magnificent treasures for plac ing them within reach of my eyes at a very trilling oost. lu tnisway the wealthy may minister to the enjoyment of those less favoured than thorn s' ITJS by fortune. A breaoh of promise case has this week been exoiting no small amount of interest amongst our oitizens. Looked at from the virtuous standpoint, when it was first sot down for hearing, it was simply an ordinary case of a woman seeking com pensation for the laceration of her tenderest affec tion by a heartless man, who had cast her off for a more eligible bride. But rumour's ready tongue whispered that there WAS more in the case than lay upon the surface. The evidence proved that there was a great deal more. The court was crowded on each day, owing mainly to the start ling fact that several prominent citizens-married men some of them-had been subpoenaed to give evidence that the life of the forsaken plaintiff had been less chaste than it might hare been. I do not like the evidence ; it is smutty throughout ; that is all that need be said here, The correspondence re the city drainage still goes on ; the Courier has generously indulged the 8oribb'ers and scientists with space ad lib., but nt last it has come to the conclusion which the general public reached some time »go-that a little work would be batter thau much talk or writing. Pools of water lie in the midst of population ; reeking mud-holes abound ; a loan or ¿'20,000 is available at a low interest, but because that is not enough for a complete system, and engineers, aldermen, doctors, &c;, cannot agree as to tho part most necessary to be immediately done, we go on breeding death-germs at our very doors. Victoria, it is well known, h»3 been vory uneasy of late about Sydney. " Keep your eye on your father" is the general cry, and thia, taken from the London correspondence of the AGE, tellB how it is to bo done : -" But I have a word of warning : A watch Bhould be kept upon the banks leßt they should make use of the funds which the loan will place at their disposal in aiding tho land- raoketers of Now South Wales. Where the temptation ia great the vigilance should be severe. The Sydney banks aro staving off a ponio by the free use of the Government balance, and many years will elapse before tho danger passen away. Tho remark may bo an impertinence on my part, but strangers at a distance somotimes seo more of tho game than those who are engaged in it. The lockiug up of capital in Sydney-tho capital having boen drawn from »ll the colonies, and an unusually large share from Victoria-may have had more than anything else to do with the local dopresBion of trade." "The worehouBemen of Sydney," remarks the RIVERINE HERALD, " aro now making great efforts to secure the' trade of Riverina, herototore enjoyed by Melbourne merchants, to their houses in Sydnoy. Already several travellers have encroached as far down as Deniliquin, where they have obtained good orders, and Home threaten to carry their canvass right into Victoria, to Echuca. Special inducements are offered by the Sydnoy importers to Riverina CUB tnmerp, and one gentleman in a largo way of busi ness in Deniliquin informs us tbat.he purchased an extensivo stock of iroods in Sydnoy, which ho obtained cheaper than ho could in Melbourne. The vendor paid tho freightage to Hobsou's Bay, and ho had only the railway charges to liquidato, and tho goods being imported through Victoria in bond, a large margin of profit remained. Boots and other heavily protected articles in Victoria can be sold, after poyiug for their carriage for hundreds of miles up-country, at a cheaper rate than in Victoria. Such a baneful effect has protection to Viotorian trado, that the Deniliquin huyer before mentioned says he always intends to buy direct from Sydney." 