Batcher Jade's Story. By Archibald Fobbks. It was in the nutanm of 1854 that the English !®nd French armies were lying lovingly enough together in front of Sebaatopol, that nut which " it took them such & time ts crack. Our .cavalry had a camp of -their own upon the hill-side near Kadikoi, and the<old "Death's-head and Cross bones," to which I belonged, were there among the rest, .^forming part of ithe Light Brigade. We had a separate commissary of our own, and handy men were $b3.d off from the varioas corps to act as batchers. I never was backward when there Teas any wort to do ; and when some fellows were moping "helplessly in the tents, or going sick to hospital, -every morning I was knocking about as golly as a sandboy, doing a job here and one there, and always contriving to get more or less tipsy before nightfall. If you -ever drop across any of the old Crimean light Brigade, just yon ask them if they remember Butcher Jack " of tie Lancers, and see what the answer will be. I was as well known in the Brigade as old Cardigan himself, and in my (rough-and-tumble way got to be quite a popular •character. Indeed, had it not been for my inordinate fondness for the drink, I might have :got 'promotion over and over again. But I used to find my way shoulder-high into the guard-tent ■ pretty regularly once a-week, and more than •once I only saved the skin of my back by being known as a willing, useful fellow a'iien sober. One " slaughtering day " at the Commissary • we'feacL killed, flayed, and cut up our linmber of -Jbeasts, and there was a lot of rum knocking about, for the Commissary Guards knew how to get at the grog, and were free enough with it .among the butchers, for the sake of a nice tender ~fite&k.; faddy Heffernan, of -the Royals, and I, managed to get as drunk as lords before we foond time for a wash, and one of the Commis : sary-officers came across us while in this state, -and clapped us in the guard-tent before you could Bay "knife." One place was as good as another to us, so we lay there contented enough night, taking an occasional tot out of a bottle whidh Paddy managed to smuggle -into the *tent where we were confined. It was getting on for : morning before we dropped off :into a heavy, i drunken sleep,-out of which±he Gommander-in '-Chief would have haft*, tough job to have rooaed <ns. -Wie mnBt'have had a long snooze, for it was ihroaB daylight before we were awakened by the lond thundering of a tremendous cannonade dose by, making the very tent-poles quiver -*gain. I still felt deucedly mnzzy, for Commissary rum, as yon would know if you ever got tight on it, is hard stuff to get sober of, yet I managed to i>ull myself together enough to know where I "was, and could give a shrewd guess what all the row was. I sat up with the intention of hearing more about it from some of the guards ; but to my surprise there was not a soul in the tent but Paddy and myself, and there was not even a sentry upon the door. So we both got up on ■ end and had a stretch, and then walked coolly • out of the guard-tent, only to find the camp utterly deserted, not a man being apparently left \- in it. Turning into our tent, we sat down, and over a refresher out of the inexhaustible rum bottle, ' we tried in a boozy sort of way, to argue out the position. Prom where the camp was we could not see what was going on down in the valley by reason of a low ridge which intercepted the view ; but we could tell it: must he pretty warm work, from the hot and oofitinnous firing which was being kept up. AtUast says I to Paddy, Why the devil should wo be out of the fun 1 Lets go up to the sick horse lines, and see if there be anything left th.ere fit to put one leg in front of another." " Agreed," cries he, heartily enough ; so I got hrJJ Qf a butcher's axe for a weapon and he^ a fjword, and half-drunk as we an£ J®? }r->- the condition we had left off the ^nir.-ht heforft, wa ufar+WJ nff fnr tka . rack hora&87 But it was no go for a moment tjt' ^C iere were but two brutes left, and one ' ' n 'r-n*1 ^ a a pillar letter-box, while t |-?f T™rsr was down on his side, and did not look again. Determined not to be beaten, v" Started on foot, and making our way round the rear of the staff, who were on the edge of the little ridge, we dodged down into the valley just in the rear of the position of heavy cavalry. j Fill the pot again, governor, and I may as i well tell you it was Balaclava morning and the heavies had already charged the Russian cavalry, and emptied a good many saddles. Russian horses were galloping about riderless, and Paddy and myself parted company to give chase to a couple of these. With some trouble I captured my one, a tidy little iron-grey nag, which I judged from the saddle and accoutrements must Have been an officer's charger. It was easy to see from the state of the saddle that the former rider had been desperately wounded, and the reins too were bloodier than a dainty man would feave liked; but I was noways squeamish, and mounted the little horse in a twinkling. The moment I had got my seat, I galloped up to the Heavy Brigade, and formed up coolly on the left flank of the old Royals. They laughed at me as if I had been a clown in a pantomine ; and I had not been in position a couple of minutes when up came Johnny Lee, their adjutant, on his old bay mare, at a tearing gallop, and roared to me to " Go to h out of that." There's no mistake, I was not much of a credit to them. I was bareheaded, and my hair was like a birch broom in a fit. I was minus a coat, with my shirt-sleeves turned up to the shoulder, and my shirt, face, and bare hairy arms were all splashed and darkened with blood, which I had picked up at the butchering the day before, and had never wiped off. A pair of long, greasy jack-boots came up to the thigh, and instead of a sword I had an axe over my shoulder at the slope as regimental as you please. The Russian must "have ridden very short, for my knees were up to my nose in his stirrups, and so you may imagine that, taking me all in all, I was rather a hot-looking member especially if you remem tber that I was fully half seas over. The heavies were in position ti support the Light Brigade, which had just got the word to advance. So when the adjutant of the Royals ordered me off I looked straight before me, and saw the light bobs going out to the front at an easy trot, and on the right of the front rank I caught sight of the plumes in the lance hats of my own corps, the old seventeenth. Ramming my spurless heels into the ribs of the little Russian horse, I started off in pursuit of the Light Brigade as fast as I could make him go, with shouts of laughter from the heavies ringing behind me, and chased unsuccessfully by a couple of officers of the Greys, who tried to stop me for decency's sake. As the light bobs were only advancing at the trot, I wasn't long before I ranged np alongside their right flank, and there was only Nosey, as we used to call Cardigan, well out to the front, and in front of him again was young Nolan of the 15th, with his sword down at the "right ■©Hgaga" already, although we were a long way ■off any enemy. Just as I came up in line with the flank-sergeant of the front rank, who looked sideways at me as if X had been a ghost, Cardi gan turned round |n his saddle to say a word to the field- trumpeter riding at his heels, and then with a wave of his sword went off at score out to the front. In another second the trumpeters of the brigade sounded the " charge," and sitting down on our saddles and setting our teeth hard, off we went pell-mell across the valley as hard as ever horses could lay foot to ground. Pre sently we got within range of the devilish Russian battery which was playing right into our teeth, and I saw Nolan, who was a long way out to the front, galloping as if for a wager, toss np his arms, and with a wild shriek fall from his hone. On, still on we went, faster and faster as our horses got excited and warmed to their work, heedless of the torrent of shots that came tearing through us, and stopping many a bold rider. As for myself, what with the drink in me, and the wild excitement of the headlong charge, I went stark mad, and sent the plucky Russian horse ahead at a pace which kept me in line with the very foremost. Nearer and nearer we came to the dreadful battery, which kept vomiting death on us like a volcano, till I felt on my cheek tbe hot air from the cannon's mouth. At last we were on it. Half a dozen of us leaped in among the guns at once, and I with one blow of my axe brained a Russian gunner just as he was clapping the lin stock to the touch-hole of his piece. With another I split open the head of an officer who was trying to rally the artillery detachment in the rear, and then what of us were left went smack through the stragglers, cutting and slash ing lie fiends, right straight at the column of ' cavalry drawn up behind the batteiy. What happened then, say you ? I can't tell you much more than this: that they were round us like a swarm of bees, aud we, not more seemingly than a couple of dozen to the front, were hacking and hewing away our hardest, each individual man the centre of a separate metee. I knew I never troubled about guards myself, but kept whirling the axe about me, every now and then bringing it down to some purpose ; and ever as it fell the Huskies gave ground a bit, only to crush denser round me a minute after. Still nothing seemed to touch me. They dursn't come to close quarters with the sword, for the axe had a devil of a long reach ; they dursn't use pistols, for they were too thick themselves. I'm hanged if I don'!; think I should have been there till now had I not chanced to hear above the din a trumpet from somewhere far in the rear sound "Threes about." Round I whirled, «fill thrashing about me like a wind mill, slap through the heart of the battery again, knocking over an artilleryman or two as I passed,' and presently overtook a'small batch of aaen of various regiments, who, under Colonel Sewell of the €th Hussars, were trying to retreat in some kind of order, i was as sober as a bishop by this time, "take my word for it, and I joined tfhem Tight cheerfully: but the chances of getting back again to fcur own side of the valley looked very blue. The Russian cavalry were hard on our heels, and we suffered sorely from the devilish battery in our rear, which kept pelting into the thick of us, without much discrimina tion between friend and foe. The guns in those forts on our left, out of which the cowardly Turks had sneaked, and which had been pounced upon by the Russians, were not doing us much good either, 1 assure you, and it was for all the world like being between the devil and the deep sea. Soon what little formation we had got was knocked to pieces, and then the word was, "Every man for himself, and God help the hindmost." A young fellow of the 11th Hussars and myself hung together for a while, both of us trying to make the most of our blown and jaded horses ; but at last down he went, his horse Bhot under him and himself wounded. As the lad's busby rolled off when his head touched the ground he gave a look at me which went to my heart, rough as I was. God pity him, he was little more than a boy, and I had a mother my self once. I was out of the saddle in a twinkling, and had him across the holsters and myself in the seat again only just in time, for the damnable Cossacks were upon us like so many wolves. Oh! he was a good plucked one, was that little Russian horse ; right gamely did he struggle with the double load on his back, and hurrah ! here were the heavies at last, and we were safe. As I was riding to the rear to give the wounded man up to the doctor, 1 passed close under the staff, who were on the brow of the hill above me, but there was no notice taken of me that I perceived. I rode up to our own camp, and by and by a sergeant came and made a prisoner of me for the crime of breaking out of the gnard tent jvheD-.confined jhere.to-r=a-ae«o«®--*nilitary offence, I can tell you. I wasn't shot for it, though ; for next day I was brought in front of Lord Lucan, who was in command of the cavalry, and who told me that, although he had a good mind to try me by court-martial, as, he said, I certainly deserved, he would let me off this time in consideration of the use [ had mads of the liberty I had taken, and perhaps he would do more for me if I kept sober. And that's how I came by this little medal, whicb is Britain's reward for distinguished conduct in the field. 