ECHUCA, MOAMA AND KERANG ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) ECHUCA, SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1879 THE CORONER.- Mr H. Strickland, the district coroner, has had no easy time of it during this week. He has held three inquests in Echuca, besides many others. On Wednesday afternoon he held an inquest on tho body of a boy brought from Gunbower. He then took his departure for Kyneton by the 4 30 p.m. train. Arriving in Kyneton, Mr. Strickland took the Heathcote coach to Mia-Mia, and reached the latter place at about two o'clock 0n Thursday morning. He found a jury awaiting his arrival, and the inquest was finished by five o'clock. Mr. Strickland was then driven to Redesdale, in time to catch the cab for Kyneton. On reaching his home in Sandhurst, two more telegrams awaited him, each requiring his services. One was from Echuca and the second from Wedderburn, and he chose the former place, and arrived in Echuca by the late train on Thursday night, thoroughly worn out, having had no rest since Tuesday night. Mr. Strickland left by the 11 o'clock train yesterday to hold another inquest. ECHUCA FIRE BRIGADE.-The annual meeting of the Echuca Fire Brigade was held in the Town Hall on Thursday night, Captain Hitchcock occupying the chair. The annual report and balance sheet was submitted and adopted, and the following officers were elected: Captain Hitchcock was re-elected; Lieutenant Brooks was re-elected ; apparatus officer, I. Fisher; secretary, J. H. Chambers; treasurer, J. Goodchild. Captain Hitchcock remarked that he hoped members and officers would endeavor to promote the welfare of the brigade, and thanked the retiring officers for their general good conduct. The retiring officers responded in appropriate style, which brought the meeting to a termination. THE OLD POST-OFFICE.—The buildings until lately used as the post and telegraph offices and sub-treasury at Echuca, were sold by auction on Thursday by Mr J. Sliackell. They only realised the small sum of £28, Mr J. D, Mills being the purchaser. THE PIC-NIC TO REDBANK. --The pic-nic to Redbank inaugurated to aid the funds of the Echuca Mechnics' Institute, came off yesterday. The weather was delightful, and numbers availed themselves of the oppor- tunity of a run up or down as the case might be, to enjoy the scenery lying adjacent to the Gulpha Creek. Trains left Echuca at 8 a.m.; 11:15, and 2:30 p.m. Each of these carried goodly numbers, the special at a quarter past eleven taking the largest number. Trains left Deniliquin at 8 a.m., and a quarter to 2. The former brought about 150 excursionists, and it was variously computed that from 300 to 500 persons were present. The journey from Echuca was im- mensely enjoyed an the Moira plains home- steads, "ghost hut," and other noticeable objects of the day were studied with much interest. The trains were also run in ex- cellent time, and Mr Lilley deserves thanks for the careful management displayed. The special return to Echuca ran the journey to Moama from Redbank in 35 minutes. The swimming of Madeline and Charlie Cavill was well worth seeing, and some of their manoeuvres were very difficult. Professor Cavill did not perform, as the water was not sufficiently deep in the Gulpha Cree. The reed beds and steep banks of the creek were made more interesting in connection with the recent sensational reports of the Kellys having hidden in them being remem- bered. The booths, and noisy sports and games had to be dispensed with, as the police warned those who had the manage- ment that an infringement of the strict law of New South Wales, regarding Good Friday, would not be permitted. Shooting and fish- ing were largely indulged in, and a per- former on the trapeze was present, but un- fortunately met with an accident. Mr. Goodchild carried out his portion of the ar- rangement on the ground in an excellent manner. Sacred Concert.—Last night a very en- , joyable entertainment, entitled a Service of Son", was "iven in the Temperance Hail, in •lid of the funds of the Kchnca Presbyterian Church. There was a very fair attendance, the front seats being crowded. The Rev J. C. Johnstone, M.A., gave the key to the dif ferent selections, by reading passages ''e^r~ ring to them. Mrs Hansen presided at the harmonium. The,concert was divided into three sections. Tub first included a service of sacred soiiu, illustrative of St Paul perse cuting the Christians, the conversion of St Paul, and trial and stoning of Stephen. This portion was rendered by the choir of the Presbyterian Church and children of the Sunday school. The second portion wa3 a sacred concert, including songs, duetts, and selections from "The Messiah," and "The Creation," all of which were well received. The third portion consisted of the comple tion of the service of song of St Paul. 1 Departmental Enquiry*—With reference I to the department enquiry into police matters and the late prize fight, wo may state that, as j the board applied for was not granted, t>ie two,superintendents proceeded with the hear in" of evidence with closed doors on Wednes day afternoon. The case for the 6oriiplain ant having been completed) ,Jio evidence was tendered for the defence, and the enquiry was adjourned till Tuesday, the 22nd inst. ' Eciiuca. Police Court. —The business at the Echuca Police Court on Thursday was confined to the settlement of a few debt cases. Mr. H. "Loth, Dr. Croker aud Mr. C. M. Seward, J 'sP., presided. The cases were—W. B. Cairnes and Edward Whiteley v. Chas. Goddard, use and occupation of a house £9 12s.; verdict for amount and 13s. costs, to be recovered by distress. Mr. AkeTiurst for plaintiffs.—Thomas Sugrne v. Edward Manning, use and hire of chattels, £4 15s.*, dismissed, with 19s. Gd. ^costs. M.r, Akehursfc for the plai'itiffv afto. Mr. Pennefather for the defendant.—W. B. Cairnes and Edwatd Whitely v. John Monteith) u»e alic\ occupation, £8 12s.; ver i diet fat amount and 13s. costs, to be re i covered by distress. Same v. Walter Teal, | use and occupation, £9 12s.; verdict for >mn ml -i"'l H <— reuuvurou uy distress.'1''The revision of the jury list for. the Sessions for the town of Echuca, was adjourned till Wednesday next. Mr A k eh n rat appeared for Messrs. Cairnes and Whitoly, and in two cases Mt, Pennefather for the defendants, Found iy TiiiJ Campaspe.—A11 inquest was held at the Bridge Hotel, Echuca, yesterday morning, on the body of a man, name unknown, who wasfound in tho O&m; oaspe river near the junction with the Hurray river the previous day;. George VP Masters, fisherman, deposed Hut 011 Thursday he was coming into Kchuca, and was crossing the Camphspe about iliree quarteri ot a mile from the town, when he observed a dark objeet fl >ating on the water which proved to be the body of a man. The body was very much decomposed and past all recognition. Oo.istitblo Wndt? rouloYou the body to Echuca. He found nothing but a piece of a copy of Bow Sells in his pocket. Tho deceased was unknown, and no one had been reported as nVissiilg. Dr. Oroker deposed that ho had made a post mortem, examination. The body was that of 1 man about 50 or 00 years of a.:e, of stout build, and about 5ft Sin. in height, gray beard and bald head. he was dressed in 'hick dark cloth trousers and Waistcoat) »ood elastic side boots, striped shirt, and a drab sac coat with pearl buttons. There were 110 do external marks of violence 011 the body, which was so far decomposed that it would have been perfectly useless to have made a post mortem examidation. From the clenchod hands and other signs he believed the cause of death to be asphyxia from drowning. A verdict of found drowned Was returned. Ciucket.—The annual match between the Richmond and Echuca Park Clubs cam a oil in the Park yesterday, and resulted in an easy win for tho Richmond by ten wickets. [I. Sibloy captained the Echuca Club and Greig the Richmond'. Play tfas ddiftmenced at twelve o'clock by tho Richmond taking the field. T*eatson- and E. Gundry wero the lirst to go tho wickets, to the bowling of Turner and Gibbes, and they only managed to put 3 together when Gundry was bowled by a shooter from Turner. J. Gundry took his place, but soon retired \Vitli a duck. Willis followed) and contributed 4 to the .-score, \Vhen Pearson was clean bowled by Turner, and things looked bad for the Park. Jones, who is undoubtedly one of the best bats in the Park team, went to the wickets, and opened by hitting Turner to the off for 4, and another cleau drive in tho same place for 3. Willis then put the same bowler to the fence for 4, and the game looked pleasant for the Park, till Jones was bowled by a Yorker from Gibbes ; he had played a good innings for 19, made up principally of 3's and 4'3. Ounant joined Willis, and they brought the score up to 35, when Couaut was stumped by Garside. From this out, the innings re qui.es but little description, tho wickets fall ing in rapid succession to the excellent bowl ine of Gibbes. There wero no less than three noiu'hts, the score showing 6 for 37, 7 for 37, 8 for 40, 9 for 41, and 10 for 42. The Park now took the field. Highett and Turner went to the wickets, and svAccoeded iu topping the Park's score before they wero /separated, the score showing 1 for 45. It now looked as if the Park would be beaten iu one innings, but their opponents only succeeded in getting 33, whan they were disposed of. The second innings of the P.irk concluded by their averting a. one inning's tefoit by sevan runs. Willis, Jones, and i-loward batting woll for the Park ; and Stokes and Gibbes bowling well for the .tichmond. The Richmond only wanting 7 runs to win, sent in Stokes aud Stiilman, vvho succeeded in making these without a separation. The Richmond thus won by one run and ten wickets to spare. In ths evening, the visitors were entertained by a dinner at the Palace Hotel, by their oppo nents, when the usual toasts 011 such occa sions were honored. In billions complaints, Sick Headache, and Feverish heat of summer, is very pleaasaht, and eft eotual remedy is found .in Faiiithorse's Xaste .flss Salts, ■ ' &. BoLT.-^Some excitement was caused in Hare-street on Thursday afternoon, when two horses, which were harnessed to a wag gon in which were two large tanks, bolced. The rambling of the tanks caused crowds to assemble inthe streets. The horses were pulled up opposite Mr. Warrington s estab lishment. They started from near the water towei\ Monday Carnival.^-We remind pleasure-seekers that the annual carnival of St Mary's Catholic Church will be held on Easter M mday in the Park. A groat number of attractions are advertised, not the least of which will be the entertainment afforded by the aquatic feats of Professor Oavill arid Ms clever children. "Retiring £ftiiSE Fighters.—On the occa sion of the late visit to tichuca of Lany Foley, his wifo, who is anything buc a repul sive woman, accompanied hiin. She spates that her spouse had been kept from fighting ever since their marriage by her influence till the late encounter. She has now gained a pledge from Foley that he will never, fight again, and which he promises faithfully to keep. Abe tlicken also says lit} has " had enough of it." OititisT Church.—A tea meeting will be held on Friday, the 25th inst,, in aid of the funds of Christ England, Echuca, at which Archdeacon Crawford (of Castle inaine) and his Lordship Bishop Moorhonse (of Melbourne) will be present and deliver addresses, Deniliquin.—Our correspondent writes : —On Monday evening next an amateur con cert is to be given at the Royal Assembly room in aid of Mrs. J. Simpson, widow of the late Mr. J. Simpson, jtin. The concert is j under the patronage of the Deniliquin Fire Brigade to which the deceased belonged. Without considering the claims to support which the performers are entitled to, with an object so praiseworthy as to assist the widow and ofpllan girl of their former chum. The ■ talent brought together by Mr. J. Atkinson, hon. sec. to the fund, and Mr. II. Brown, the stage manager, will well amuse the public. The concert over, a ball will be li&ld.; CHUtsi' Church.—Special services will be heid in Christ Church to morrow (Easter Sunday). In the morning the Venerable Archdeacon of Mndgee, N.S. W., will preach and take part in the celebration of the Holy Communion, which will bo administered after both morning and evening service. The choir we understand will render some choice music suitable to the Easter Festival. Accident to a Travezist.—At the pic nic at Redbank yesterday a man named V ilson, a resident of Echuca East, who was performing on the trapeze, sustained a severe fall, which it was at first thought would be attended with dangerous results. Wilson had climbed up a tree to alter the position of his trapeze, which was one-sided. He fell to the ground, a distance of about 20 feet At first it was considered that Wilson was dangerously injured, but in reaching Echuca he found ho could walk with assistance, so Wilson proceeded to his home. The Burnett Testimonial,—A corres pondent who stales that hesnbsciibel lialf-a crown to the Burnett testimonial complains that the gold watch instead of being pur chased from Mr Snoad Was sent for from Melbourno through a tradesman who is not. in the watchmaking or jewellery busing at all. Our correspondent thinks this was too bad, and i3 sure " had it been known that the article Was to be purchased in Melbourne through a man out of this particular line of business the subscription list would have been very small. A DisclaiMiER'.—Mr, W, H. King, con ! tractor, Moama, writes to say that he is gene rally supposed by his friends to be the W, King, who was recently arrested for dis orderly conduct at one of Mr, B.iraott's meetings, and he wishes to state that such is not the case, ^ Rldihnk,—The country in the vidinifcy of Redbank, is already clothed with verdure, and if very pleasing to the eye-, when c6m rVi »■ ^-ll' Parched_ near E(?hdca -Che rain would. appear td nave oeen copious in tl»<? ridnity'of the Gulphv, for the grrtsa has well advanced in all the high and timbered ground at Mathoura, and down the line to nearly opposite the Moii-a home-sta tion, but from that point to Echuca the ground is quite destitute of pasture; Bells.—The Iiev. H. R. Etaweisgave, on the Tth February-, a discourse at the Royal Institution^ his subject being •' Bells " He had b&oil; often asked, Ihe said, since the announcement of his lecture had appeared in the programme, what he could have to say to a Royal Institution audience about bells, and he had generally nvit the question by asking what there wa» not to any < Bell ringing was f.asocl.trad with every important event in ia life. At biirryiiigs, at christen ings, at weddings, at coining of {\ge at gduig 10 worship, at the mark df ihe flight of time, fron\ hoar to hoili1, at executions, at times of (ire, at summoning to the dining-hall bells are used. The curfew, the summoning to arms, the calling of in oiks to prayer in the dead of night, were also in former times occasions when bells were used. As,far. as he could trace, bells—that is-, belia a§ distinct from goiigs and rejoiiahi, liars—Were kno.vn in Europe iti A.D, 400. They reached France in 500, and England in G80. There wore records of enormous bells which he regarded as fabulous, such as that in France, said to have weighed 15 tons. It was not till after a discovery of Monteverdi that true tonality wa3 introduced into bell manufac ture, lu 1540 it was applied to violin mak ing, and in 1562 to hell-making. English boll founders conkl not apparently nla&e; an octave of bolls in fcuilC. I'ltey tfere good enough far " triple bob niajors" and other like athldtic exercies, but they did not uieet the requirements of. a niusician'a ti'dr. We wero mu£h indebted to Belgians for good bells. "Low country" people had in many ways had an influonce on us, as in painting, canal making, and in blue chi.ia. A rapid account of some of the Dutch and Belgian bull-makers was given, special njenfion beiiig made that bells of HetuiOny, or Amsterdam (lCv>8)) \Vere at St. Peter's College, Cam bridge, and in Glamorganshire. Turning to modern bells, the lecturer expressed objec tions both to St. Paul's new bells, on which subject he has written recently, and to the the chimes of Westminster, which he charac terised as likely to lead boys in the streets to whistlo out of tnno. The new bells at Manchester he had carefully listened to, and in the upper notes they were all long. The fact is, he said, Belgian makers give more care to the making of their bells than English makers do, and he referred to two most sweetly-toned bulls, which he sounded, as being perfect at the cost of sleepless nights to the maker. This maker had personally superintended his men at every stage of the process, and had given four days to the final tuning of each bell. The circumstances con nected with the makiug of the bells of St. Mary's Cambridge were spoken of, and, using his violin, Mr. Haweis illustrated how they were in their chime founded on an early phrase of" I know lhat'my Redeemer liveth." In late years the keyboard for a carillon had been followed by a barrel like that of a bar rel organ. This, however, did away with delicacy of touch which the keyboard afforded. Oneg.-eit thing English people had to learn witn regird Co bells was tii3 employment of larger s iitesof b.lls—those whieh included small high-note hells— and the use of the kuy'o >ard siioul 1 b encouraged. Bells had an imp .rtuit inoal influence on a people, and he hoped that the members of the Royai Institution would consider the depelop ment of bells in England worthy of their serious consideration. The danger of a relapse is often as great as the perilous character of the disease that assails us it is most frequently when the patient is con valescing that the signal of alarm is sounded by the sentinel of caution. Prudence may carry up siifoly through dangerous phases of a disease, but a single indiscretion may turn the-scale against ']?' .^-"'"1 'hen the voice of admonition,and by a discriminating use of Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic, Schnapps fortify the system against 