GENERAL NEWS. Communication was restored on the Port Darwin line at 12.50 p.m. to-day. , The Lynch, family of bellringers: per formed at Clarendon on Tuesday, November 25, and were well received by a very good audience. The steamer Victorian is detained at : Portland through bad weather, and will not leave there before 2 o'clock this afternoon. Among the passengers on board her is the Hon. W. H. Bundey, Attorney-General. The following is Wednesday morning's weather report on -the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Bel tana, S.W., fresh, cloudy, fine, cool; Farina, S.W., fresh, cloudy, fine, cool; Strangwaya Springs, S.W., fresh, clear,fine, pleasant; Peake, W„ light, cloudy, fine; Charlotte "Waters, S.Eylight, clear, fine. The return match between the Adelaide end Port Adelaide Chess Club3 will be played at the Ship Inn, Port, on Friday evening, No vember 28. The Adelaide team will consist of Messrs. J. Mann, J. P. and W, J. Fullarton (vice presidents), B. M. Steele (hon. treasurer), C. J. Shuttleworth (hon. secretary), of W. Melvin.T. Elliot, and W. H. Fagan. The Port Club will be represented by Messrs. J. Henderson, J.P. (vice-president), F. Bell, A. Bruce, J. Ey, E. Govett (hon; secretary), and A. Martin. The annual festival in connection with St. Clement's Church, Enfield, was held on Saturday, November 22. The service was con ducted by the Rev.H. M. Bollit and the Bev. S. Green, and an impressive address was delivered by the Bev. Canon Farr. After the service the *■ members fef the church, with the Sunday- school children and teachers , proceeded to the grounds ■ of Mr. O. W; Newbon, where luncheon was par taken of and various sperts entered into with ze3t. Inarecent issue of this paper a para graph appeared mentioning that a youth named John Smith had been missing from Glanville* since November 16. The particulars of the lad's somewhat mysterious disappearance and a description of him were telegraphed to the other; colonies, and on Wednesday morning the fol lowing telegram Was received at Port Adelaide, fromMr. J. Costello, of Dunkeld, in Victoria:— -14 Youth answering description of John Smith, whioh appeared in Adelaide telegrams 22ud instant, called here Sunday en route for Mel-' i bourne." - ■ . The rainfall between 9 ai.m on. Tuesday and the same hour on Wednesday is registered as follows:— Jamestown ... 0250 Georgetown ... 0-040 Redhill ... 0:030 Aubnrn ... 0080 Kadina ... 0*140 Minlaton ... 0*020 Biverton ... 0*070 Mount Pleasant 0*160 Mount; Torrens 0090 MonntBarker... 0*240 • Willunga ... 0*130 Streaky-Bay ... 0040. CapeBorda ... 0*040 Goolwa ... 0020 Kingston .... 0120 Miliicant ... 0*300 Adelaide ... 0*040 Laura}... ... 0*070. Caltowie— 0*110. Clare ... • ... 0*100 -Hoyleton ... 0*030 Moonta ... 0*020 Yorketown ... 0:030 Kapunda ... 0*120 Gumeracha ... 0 590 Noarlunga ... 0*150 Strathalbyn .... 0 060 Normanyille ... 0*090 Port Lincoln ... 0*040 Port Elliot ... 0*010 i Meningie .... 0040 Bobe 0*110 Mount Gambier 0*180 | i f The following letter has been received by Mr. Josiah Boothby, O.M.G., from Sir P. Cunliffe Owen, K.O.M.G., O.B, O.S.I., secre tary to the Royal British ,,Commission 'at the Paris Exhibition: —" 109, Victoria street, October 1. —Sir—I have the honor to inform you that I have this day- de livered to-the Agent-General for South Aus ttalia the silver medals and diplomas awarded by the International Jury at the .late Paris Exhibition to the following exhibitors from -South Australia:—F. G. "Waterhouse, natural history collection, diploma; Moonta and Wal "larop Mining Company, copper, diploma .and medalPrice Maurice, angora-akius, diploma and medal; Hon.: John Crozier, wool, diploma : and medal; Samuel Chiles, olive oil; diploma and medal; Saml. Davenport, olive oil, diploma and "medal; A. MiBiokford&Sons;, cordials, diploma and medal;' F . 0. Davis,' cordials, diploma and medal; Thomas Hardyrwine, diploma and medal. The silver medals-awarded to Dr. B. Schom burgk for herbarium, Allen Bell and John Biggs, for wheat, and to.S. Smith is Son for wine, being found incorrect, are retained by ma for return to the French Commission in order that they may be corrected. I regret to have to inform you that the bronze medals and honorable;mentions have' not" yet been received from the French authorities. I am, &c.;,—Philip Cunliffe Owen." The medals and diplomas handed to the Agent-General may be expected by the next mail. . We have - received from* Mr. 0. H. Maiming two'well-executed photographs of Mr. F. Marshall, of the London Comedy Company, in the character of Bunter in the play of "New Men and Old Acres." The Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser, states that Dr. Elphickis improving, andthatnotwith standing the severe injuries he received by the accident last Thursday, the probabilities are in fav^r of his recovery. A good many persons are losing cattle in the neighborhood of Kapunda, but ^whether from disease or eating poison grass is as yet unknown. The local paper understands that the corporation inspector has written to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the subject, asking that a stock inspector may be sent up. "For some time," says the Northern Argus," a few of the Clare" residents have been contemplating 'a trip to the gold-bearing country at TJlooloo. They seem to have a strong con viction that there is plenty of gold in that locality, and that if it is properly tested it will turn out to be a good paying goldfield." Mr. Brown, the hydraulic engineer, has been up to Kapunda to inspect the works at the reseivoir, and has ^finally passed them, so that Messrs. Lewis & Marshall have now finished operations there. The Herald states that " ou Saturday forenoon, November 22, the water was turned partially on," and the force tested with the hose in the Main street. Regard being had to the fact that the valve was only partially open the pressure was satisfactory, the jet being -thrown to a height of about fifty feet. At pre . sent the reservoir is not more than a quarter filled,"and that, too, would render the pressure much less' than it will be when there is a full supply of water." Three or four weeks ago a quantity of valuable mathematical instruments were stolen' from the office of a well-known firm of archi tects in this city, and up to the present time the constables have not been able to find any trace of the thief or the missing goods. If the person who stole them is a professional man it would he quite possible for bimtosell them to some architect or surveyor without exciting any sus picion as to hiB rightful ownership, and on tbi3 account the police authorities have advertised a list of the missing articles, which will be found in another column, hoping that anyone wbo may have purchased or seen such articles re cently out of the ordinary course of trade will give information, to the detectives. A rather novel mode of progression in the water was exhibited at the City Baths yes terday (writes the Melbourne Age of .No vember 22) by Mr. Walter Linthorne, of Campbell-ntreet, Oastlemaine, wbo has taken some time in carrying out the idea. The ap paratus is somewhat cumbersome, but admirably serve3 the purpose for which it was designed. The man who usee the machine attires himself iu a suit of oilskins, which are intended to be watertight. His waist is encircled by a cork belt, which is of sufficient buoyancy to keep him afloat in any position. He sits upon a small machine resembling a hobbyhorse, which is securely attached to the belt, and which con tains two oranks connected at one end by two bandies, to which the power is applied, and at the other a propeller with two fans. The turn ing of the handles operates upon the screw, and a satisfactory speed is attained thereby. Mr. Linthorne also exhibited some life buoys of new design, and which would be very useful in sustaining a person in the water. The Marine Board sat on Tuesday morc iDg, November 25, to enquire into the ground ing of the steamer James Comrie on the north bank of the Port River on the night of Monday, November 10. Theire were present Captain R. H. Ferguson, S.M. (president), Captain J. W. Smith, J .P.,CaptainD.Tapley, and Mr. J. Formby (wardens). William Hodge, mate of the James Comrie, said the vessel left Edithburgh on the day in question at about 5 p.m. The weather was squally and there was a strong west wind blowing. First saw the Port Adelaide light at about half-past 9 o'clock. Witness was then at the wheel and Captain Bartlett was on deck in charge. On nearing the coast saw the steamer Emu, and steered to leave her on the port side, but immediately after passing her the vessel touched the ground on the north bank. Pat the helm hard-a-port, steamed ahead, and got into the channel. Then went up the river and anchored at the North Arm. After coming off the north bank the anohor was let go by the captain's orders, and it was lost with the chain jnst off the first black beacon, in consequence of the end not being fast. Bid not see any of the gas beacons lit up, though expected to find them so. Had they been lit the vessel wonld not have grounded. There were 110 passengers on board at the time, and there were two boats of about 200 cubic feet capacity. The vessel was licensed to carry 180 excursionists. Captain Bartlett said he would not have attempted to come in that night had he known that the beacons were not lib. He considered them a great boon to small vessels. He thought the steamer Emu was at anchor, and he attributed the accident to the mistaking of the Emu's light for a gas beacon. The board found " that the grounding of the James Comrie was at tributable to the fact tbat the master mistook the Emu's light for the first gas beacon. Captain Bartlett appeared to have used all seamanlike precautious whilst entering the Port River, and there are no grounds on which to bring a charge egainst him. He is, however, cautioned to be more careful in future respecting the condition of the vessel's anchors and ohains." Some time ago Colonel Downes, on be half of the Local Military Force, challenged thirty members of the Military Force of Vic toria to fire a match against a similar number of our men with Martini-Henry rifie3. Un happily a' difficulty has arisen which appears likely to prevent a match of this kind taking place, at least at the present time. The Vic torians wish the match to be fired in the back position, while our volunteers say that it should be fired in a military position, and that the back position is not included in the military positions for firing. Negotiations on the subject have been going on for some time, but neither party appears to be willing to forego thepoint. Major Godwin states that there is no possibility of any matoh coming off if the point is insisted on, while Colonel Anderson has written in. similar term's. The latest information on the ■ matter is that Colonel Anderson has written to Major Godwin, stating that he thought there was a possibility of his getting np a second team, which would, however, not include some of the best riflemen in Victoria, to fire a match with South Australians. The following notice has been posted outside the Staff Office: —" In tercolonial Rifle Match—Victoria v. South Aus tralia. Members of the volunteers wishing to shoot (if the rifle match can he arranged) are invited to send in . their names to the Staff Office." The secretary of the South' Aus tralian National Rifle Association (Mr. J. Maun), . informs us that Captain jBlannin, the Victorian representative, has been in communication with the executive of the association and that there is a possibility of a match being arranged between selected teams from the t wo colonies. Captain Blannin repxesentstheVictorianRifleABSociationasmuch . as the Victorian military,and would behappy to arrange for a match between its members and some of the South Australian riflemen, but the same difficulty as to position has also cropped up in this case. A suggestion has been made to the effect that a match should be arranged be r tween members of the Viotorian and South Australian Rifle Associations, by whioh the re presentatives of the sister colony may fire in any position they please, while our own men will stick to the military regulation positions. So far, however, nothing definite has been decided, and in any event this match would have to take place after harvest, as some of the beat shots of the association will be busily engaged during the next few months. . The Academy of Music wa3 closed on Tuesday evening, but we understand that it will he reopened in a few days under a; different management j There was again a large house at the,1 Theatre cn Tuesday evening, when New Meu f nd Old Acres" was repeated. The play was : eceived with, great applause, the acting" throughout being the subject of general com mendation." The comedy will ho, repeated this evening.. .. . . - A capital entertainment, comprising some very choice vooal and instrumental music, seve ral well-rendered recitations, and a first-rate dialogue, was given in the Payneham Institute Hall on the evening.of Monday, November 24, to a large and appreciative audience. This wa3 the first of a series of entertainments of a simi lar kind to be given every alternate month in aid of a proposed new Wesleyan Church. „A eourse of popular lectures towards the same object, alternating with the' entertainments, is being given... The first of. the course was given a month ago, and was a great success. The Rev. D. O'Donneli was the.lecturer, and the subject was " Tom Hood." The next.of the courseis to be the "Rev. S. Knight's popular lecture, entitled "A Tour of the World." An entertainment for the benefit of Mr. D'Arcy Read, well known in connection with the dramatic profession, and more recently the "" proprietor of the " ghost illusion," was given in White's Assembly Room on Tuesday evening, November 25, There was oot a largo atten dance. The programme opened with a farce entitled "Young Precocious," in which characters were taken by Mr., Mrs., and Mfas Annie Read.. The sketch was amusing, and the little girl, who appears to be very clever, and to have a decided taste for the stage, charmed all present by her naive acting. After a solo on the cornet by Mr. T. Wilkins, which was remarkably good and which was en cored, Miss Annie Read sang;i" The Fisher man's Daughter," dancing a sailor's hornpipe. :In this as in a subsequent song, " Fireworks on the ^Brain," Miss Read was loudly applauded, j ~ heir graceful abandon and evident interest in what she was doing being thoroughly appre ciated. Mr. De Vere gave some fair ventrilb qnism. He has a natural talent'for the art, "and if he perseveres and acquires a less awkward style he shold develop into a gcad ventriloquist 1 and mimic. The operetta of " The Waterman" concluded the entertainment. 