fr parliamentary bnpieiu^ coiuridèràble pro frets baa c$en oa member« are evidently " getting well into j harness. Several bilk have been advanced a stage or two, and bid (air to pass without much '«Iteration, as they bear evident marks of careful preparation and,are framed judiciously to ensure the' objects contemplated. The Bstimatcs-in-Cbief for the second half of the current financial year, together with the year's Supplementary Estimates, and also the necessary Appropriation Bill,- have been passed. The way is now clear, for the consideration of the financial proposals for the coming year, and it is understood that the Treasurer will make bis Financial Statement next Tuesday, when we may expect to receive valuable information regarding the financial condition of the colony and the Ways and Means proposed for the immediate future. The Estimates for 1879-80 are also promised . next week. TBS defeat of Mr. Pring in the election for Fortitude Valley will doubtless give the Go- vernment some temporary inconvenience, inasmuch as some, other arrangement voll have to be rando for tbe Attor- ney-Generalship ; bat any attempt by the Opposition to make this a serions cause of embarrassment to the Government would only recoil upon themselves, and further weaken their position ai a party. The Valley is one of the chief strongholds of the Opposition; and that they have won a victory there at a time when the sweeping retrenchments which have very properly been deemed essential to the Mst interests of thh colony have roused in some sections of the community a bitter feelingtowardsthe Govern- ? meat, is not at all surprising. TheGovetnment haslost, andtheOppoeltiongainedt'B supporter; :but no further change in the relative state of parties has been effected, and, even this will probably be altered back again by the new election whioh is expected to take place for Barling Downs, on the petition of Mr. Graham. .. . .* THE motion brought forward by Mr. Bailey to unseat Mr. Beor, on the alleged: ground that his seat bas become legally vacant by bis acceptance of an office of profit in acting as Crown . Prosecutor, has been fully dis-' cussed, and although the leader o' the Opposition ralbad his.followers by declaring i that the seat had undoubtedly become vacant, | the motion was negatived on division by 26 | to 17.' . . THE attempt made by the leader- of the i Opposition last week to show that the Govern- j ment were bound, in acoordanoe with {karlik- j mentsry practice ^in the mother country, to produce all correspondence relating to the dismissals from the railway workshops ended j in signal failure ; and the quotation from Todd, upon whioh Mr. Griffith mainly relied, is rather a justification of the action of the Government than a proof tbat they are adopting a wrong course in refusing ' the 'Correspondence. '1 Whenever it is declared, " says the authority referred to, "by the responsible servants of the Crown, that any information sought for in Parliament could not be supplied without donger or inconvenience to the publia eeryice, the House refrains from insisting npon its production ; and ïf the Government object to produce any documents, on the ground that they are.of a private and confidential,,,de.. sonntion, it' is not osoal to insist upon their being .furnished except under peculiar and imperative circumstances."Ministers, in ; this instance, declared'that its produc- tion would "be inconvenient to the-public aervioe, as it would not only expose heads of departments who, .had recom- mended dismissals to the illwill-and, perhaps, something "worse-of men discharged, but it might have theeffect of infutnredeterririg those and other officials similarly circumstanced from advising the Ministerial head of "the depart- ment honestly and with a simple regard'to the requirements of the service. , It ÍB not usual, even in matters relating to Government, to' give publicity to confidential oommunioations, and, "were it otherwise, it would,be,im- possible," says Todd, "to carry on the Government with safety and honour,",: . ,, , I . THE annual show of any of oar agricultural aboletiea ia an important event in many i respecta, and the Gracemere Show on Monday last proved that great interest was manifested, in the exhibition by a large number of colo- nists'. Still the observer (cpuld not resist the impression thu there was'a Want somewhere, ana we here particularly refer to the exhibi- tion bf live stock. Judging from what he saw theroj a stranger would form a very poor estimate of the pastoral resources of the district, and one which would be altogether erroneous; and at the forthcoming Pastoral Society's Sho-v we trust that the live etóck feet tiobs Will bc as conspicuous for the excellence of the exhibits as the late Show was con- spicuous for their absence. , .The fact observ- able at Gracemere must revive in the minds of many persons the question whether it would be advisable to amalgamate the two societies, and we think à decided improvement would be gained hy so doing. It waa gratifying to observe at Gracemere that the agricultural sections were very creditably represented, and the half-yearly show of the Fitzroy Society would give ample opportunity for agricul- turists to make a good display of their various products. The two sooieties,' united, oould bring together' exhibitions, which would thoroughly represent every industry, and we yet hope they will see their way clear to effect what we cannot but regard as a desirable object. NoTwrrHSTAMDnra the celebrated bye-law against the goats, these animals are still es numerous and impudent as ever, and Alder- man Caporn, finding that the paper pellet which has been shot at them hos failed in its effect, blames the Inspector of Nuisances. The latter asks the Council to permit him to «hoot the goats with a revolver, but it is not likely the permission will Ue_ granted. This plan has been tried before in some of the Australian towns when passing through a .Bimiiar stage of municipal progress to onr own. In Sydney, for instance, men were employed to drive the animals to the suburbs, where they were shot, or rather shot at, the consequence being that the injured capricorns, on breaking away from their pursuers, re- turned to the city and exhibited their gaping and bleeding wounds to the gaze of the public. Of course this was too much for the tender sensibilities of the citizens, and the plan was abandoned. Our aldermen muBt exercise patience, and not suppose that the superfluous goats are to be got rid of so easily. Alderman Caporn may he a Solon on this particular subject, but he ia opposed iu his meritorious endeavours by the preliminary difficulty which so frequently rendered abor- tive all subsequent attomptB tn cook the bare, tn order to destroy the goats they must first be caught, and this is not at all an easy thing to do. _._ THE Metropolitan Autumn Race Meeting took, place on Saturday and Monday last. Tile attendance was poor on the opening day, but slightly improved on the Monday. However, the racing was good, and all the principal prizes were fortunately carried off hy Queens'ruid horses ¡ the largest amounts croinz to Messrs. Bell, Finnie, and Seymour. Thc Brisbane Cup was won hy Mr. Kinnie's Sviney, who defeated Tho Peau bv a neck ; Strathearn third. In the Moreton Handicap Lilla scored a victory, beating The Dean and Sydney. THE most interesting local event during the I week was thc Fitzroy Rowing Club Annual [ Regatta, which took place on Monday last Everything went off in first style ; the ! weather was beautifully fine, and the sports 1 were carriod ont to tho entire satisfaction of th* townspeople, who congregated .? in Urge crowoVton the river bank to witness the racing. Too mach praise cannot be given ta tb^Committee and officials for the admirable manner íri^hich they fulfilled their'rather oneroos dativa. PROCEEDINGS at the Police Court com- menced on Saturday with the discharge of two inebriates in honour of the Queen's Birth- day. On Monday the Court was closed for the holiday, and the following morning two individuals who had been enjoying them- I selves, were asked to contribute five shillings each. Mrs. Lynam was fined the nominal sam of one shilling and costs for obstructing the Inspector of Nuisances in the execution of bis duty. The defendant pleaded guilty to the charge, and the complainant, not wishing to press it, but merely desiring the case to gain_ publicity, the small fine mentioned was inflicted. On Wednesday three charges -drunkenness, UBing obscene language, and resisting an arrest-brought against ? John Morris, resulted in his being fined twenty shillings and receiving a sentence .of four months imprisonment. The following day a wife beater named William Kay was Bent to gaol for BÍX months. THE weather daring the week took another ! tarn for rain, but there has been just enough to make the streets sloppy and one Or two days disagreeably cold. The sky has again cleared, and frosts may soon be expected. The temperature on - Thursday was 73 degrees in the sun..- The shade maximum was 64 degrees, and the minimum SO ; while at night the minimum was 47-figures which . show nice bracing weather, but still rendering , warm.clothing desirable. The rainfall seems to have been pretty général over 'the colony, though the quantity was not great, Clermont has had the largest share, nearly two inches, Nebo, following next with 1*71,'the other stations reporting as folow, :-7rSt. Lawrence, l'&O; ; Banana, 1-67;' Marlborough, l^l; Ravenswood, 1-36; Mackay, ri 8 s West- wood,' 109 ; Bustard Head, 1-06 ; Gladstone, ' 0-80 ; Gilberton, 0'82; Normanton, 0 75; Bloomsbury, -0-74 ; Brisbane, 072 ; Kimberley, j 0 49 ; Cooktown, 0'3B; Bowen, 0 31; Rock- hampton, 0*22'; Junction Creek, 0-23 ; Keppel ' Bay, 0-20 ; and Creen Creek, O'll. IN the shape of theatrical amusements the town is likely,to be.well supplied for some time to coiné. At thé Theatre three dramas have been represented-" Lost in London,'' "Across the Continent "-the latter piece occupying the boards fdr 'four nights, and "East Lynne"-in which Miss Stephenson, appears to great advantage. To-night a double bill ia announced, including the Dark Deed in the Wood and Musical Melange. At, the (School of Arts Carlton's Ghost Company < will shortly give a series of spectral 'enter- tainments which havè been favourably re- ceived elsewhere. The Oddfellows' Ciao are engaged in rehearsal for their next perfor- mance, and the . amateur talent of the town intend to give a concert hextt month in aid of the Church Building fund. THE cable news of the week ehpws that the London-Colonial wool sales, though not estab- lishing satisfactory prices, are going on better than was expected, and the , series will in all, probability realise an average slightly over that of March, whilst a larger.quantity will be sold, and comparatively few 'withdrawals be' found, necessary. We may therefore hope that'¡the market will be relieved of old . stocks and- thus prepare: the way for a - further recovery in prices, at the next sales. The satisfactory termination of the Afghan campaign will enable-the. Imperial Govern., ment to concentrate its energies upon the pro- secution of,the war at the Copeland indication that measures adequate to the ' gravity of the situation are about to 'be j 'adopted, we notice that Sir Bartle Frere and j Lord Chelmsford are to .be recalled,' and Sir -i Garnet Wolseley goes - out invested with supreme military and ' civil command over 1 Natal and Transvaal, and the districts adja- cent to those colonies, as,-well ss ;at the seat of war. ______________________________ PRETTY STIFF. — WHAT do our (Courier) readers, asks a correspondent, "say of the ' following instance of equine sagacity ? A Toowong resident had the misfortune to break I the splinter-bar of his buggy. It was patched j up so that the buggy could be brought into town yesterday. The horse, knowing old stager, at all times, appeared to have been perfectly cognisant of the nature of the accident, for, on jogging along George-street,, he, instead of making for his usual town quarters, turned off the street and right int» McNab's coach-building yard of his own accord -fact." __________________________________ THE QUEENSLAND BLACK TRACKERS - It may not be generally known, but it neverthe- less is the fact," Says the Warrnambool Guardian, " that some months ago an ofter was made by a resident in this district to go in search of the Kellys, and bad' that ofter been accepted, it might have been unnecessary to have . brought black trackers all tl.e way from Queensland to amuse themselves about. Benalla at the expense of the Victorian public. About: five months or so past, and shortly after the first ineffectual attempts of the police to discover the whereabouts .of the Mansfield murderers. Mr. Willian" Goodall, the superintendent of the aboriginal station at Framlingham, wrote ; to the : Acting Chief Secretary, offering to take four of the blacks under his chargé and three or four others from Corranderrk. who were acquainted with the country around Mansfield and Greta, and track out the fugitives, supposing them to be then concealed in the ranges. It was Mr. Goodall's intention to have used - his men merely to discover the whereabouts of the Kellys, to get on their track in fact, and then leave the police to follow it up ; and that, he maintains, is only to be done by going to look for them, and not waiting outside until the outlaws chose to show themselves again. The offer was,.however, declined by Sir Bryan O'Lojrhlcn-the answer returned to Mr. Goodall being that his services were not re- quired at present." ______________________________________ PRECAUTION AGAINST TYPHOID IN MILK. The disclosures which have recently been made (says, the Aram) regarding the dis- semination of typhoid fever by means of milk contaminated by the germs of disease have not been without good effect, as, the city health committee in Melbourne have promptly taken the matter in hand, and at the meeting of the City Council to be held On Monday afternoon a series of regulations will be brought forward which it is proposed the corporation should adopt, aud the purveyors of milk within the city be invited to volun- tarily submit to, pending'legislation on'the subject. These regulations, which are based upon the 34th motion of the Contagions Diseases of Animals Act, England, 1878, 'provide that in the event of a dairyman entering into the covenant his name shall bc advertised in three Melbourne newspapers at least once in : three months, and that such notification will be equivalent to a guarantee that be will carry out the follow- ing provisions, viz.-That he will at all times permit the proper officers to visit a"d inspect his premises, that within a reasonable time he will effect any alteration in his premises requested by the local board, that Iiis premises shall be kept constantly clean, and that in the months of April and October they shall be thoroughly cleaned and white- washed with a lime and disinfectant prepara- tion ; that he shall not use any premises not passed by thc board, and that no contaminated milk eba l tic mixed with pure milk. They alwo Get nut that, in the event of any one becoming ill from an infectious disease on the premises of the dairyman, notice shall at once be given to '? he health officer, whose instruc- tions must bo carried out, that no person sa suffering shall have anything to do with tho milk, and that if any dairyman break any of the regulations his name shall be Btruck off thc register. 