SAMUEL NEILSON. THE MONUMENT MOVEMENT IN rOTTGH- KEEFSIE. At a meeting of the Neilson Monument Association in Poughkeepsie, held on Tuesday evening, 9th September, in the Common Council Chamber, Rev. Dr. McSweeny, of the committee appointed at a previous meetingto prepare a memorial, read the following SKETCH OF NEILSON'S LIFE. " Who fears to speak of '98 ? Who bluBhes at tbe name ? When cowards mock the patriot's fate Who hang? his head for shame?" The city of Poughkeepsie preserves in her bosom tfie dust of Samuel Neilson, editor of the Belfast Northern Star, the organ of the United Irishmen. He died in exile here in 1803, and tbe little village on the banks of the Hudson, which gave the persecuted patriot hospitality, now grown to municipal importance, considers herself happy in the possession of his ashes and honoured by her association with his name. A single slab in an obscure corner of the old English burying ground marks the place of his repose whose " life and fortune and sacred honour" were sacrificed to his country, and whose fame is inseparably connected with one of the most glorious periods of our history. Samuel Neilson was the son of a Protestant minister, and was born in the county Down, Ireland, in tbe year 1761. He was liberally educated, married early in life, and entered on a successful business career in Belfast. Inspired by the echoes from America, he joined Grattan's Volunteers of '82, and impatient of the exclusion of Catholics from the liberties he himself enjoyed, was one of the chief movers in the establishment of the Society of United Irishmen, an association composed chiefly of men of the cities, whose object was to secure equal rights for all, without distinction of class or creed, and who set themselves up like a stone wall between the recreant, bigoted nobles and the down-trodden Catholic peasantry. John Savage, in his '98 and '48, says that " Neilson is generally looked upon as the originator of the Society of United Irishmen, and was one of the most active, sincere and undeviating of its leaders." Wolfe Tone speaks of him "as distinguished for "virtues, talents, and patriotism." At the Dungannon Convention, called in furtherance of his object in 1793, Neilson presided and said : " We will revive the great principle of the Irish Volunteers, and engraft on all reform and parliamentary independence and Catholic Emancipation, for it is unjust in the sight of heaven to exclude Catholics from the claims put forth by ProteBtants." In July, 17,92, with several others who showed their sincerity by contributing £250 apiece, he founded the Northern Star, and was unanimously chosen editor-in-chief. The other principal contributors were Simpson, Russell, POrter, Kelburn and Dickson, three of whom were Presbyterian ministers, and all of whom suffered death or exile in the issue. The paper obtained a great circulation, chiefly through the untiring energy of Neilson, who, in 1794, became Its sole proprietor, a position of essential importance to the cause, but of the greatest danger and pecuniary damage, ob account of the constant prosecutions wherewith its bold, intelligent, and effective appeals were visited by the Government. " The Northern Star?' says Mr. M&aden;, in his " Lives and Times of the_ Umfcedlriahmen," " was conducted by' mj^frielid Neilson,'.&nd; it could not be delivered into abler' ha,tids. It is, in truth, a most incomparable paper, and wasone great means of effectually ac-. complishing the union of the two great sects by the simple process of making, theit.mutualsentiments better known to eath other." . ' • In 1794 the'paper wajT'prbsecuted for publishing the 'Address ''of the United Irishmen to the people 8f Ireland) from which' we" select 'this 1 ' passage;:—" "We addrefcsyoitt'tiriderfctafil^ seftbe of the comriitln 'weal, and we asb you is it not truth ,tha£ where people do not parficapate, in jfchp^legT(Slafure by a deleg^iori q£' rejftye^tauves' fairly.and frequently fleeted, there can be" no public; liberty ? , Js it not thejfaef that in this country there is no representative legislature, because the people are not represented in the legislature and hare no'partnership in the Constitution ?'• J£ it be the principle of the Constitution thfit it'id'theright of every commoner in fliife^itAlra to'ha^b a vote in the elefetiiori of and that, without, sucli vote no inan can be actually represented,'^ is our wish, in that case, to renovate that Constitution, Mid to revise its', suspended animation by giving free motion and fnll play to its vitjalprin,-: oiples.'. If, -on the other hand, the Constitution does not folly provide for an impartial and adequate representation of all the people, if it be more exclusive in its nature, if it be a monopoly, a privilege or a prerogative—in that case it ; is our desire to alter it; for what is the Constitution to as? Is the Constitution made for you or you for it P If the people don't constitute a piart of it, what is it to them more than the ghost of Alfred, and what are principles without practice, which they hear and read, to practice without principles which they see and feelP" The office of the Northern Star was sacked in 1797. Neilson, who had lost his fortune and passed a year in prison, immediately on his release, became as ardent in action as he had been zealous in teaching. In bis attempt to force the gaol where Lord Edward Fitzgerald was oon fined he was captured after a short resistance. Being arraigned for felony and asked if he had counsel, he said : "I have been robbed of everything. I have no money to fee counsel. I want no counsel. I scorn your power. It shall ever be my pride to have always opposed it." He walked out of the dock, as Outran saw him, "loaded with chains and uncertain as to his fate, but his mind was as firm, and his spirits as buoyant as in the days of his prosperity." The government had hanged several priests and ministers, besides slaughtering numbers of the people for participation in the rising, and at length judged it impolitic to increase the number of such martyrs ; so Neilson, who rejected the overtures and bribes of the Crown, was imprisoned two years at Fort George in Scotland, where, however, he enjoyed the consolation of educating his son, and, finally, with his companions in suffering, Thomas Addis Emmet and Dr. McNevin, waB condemned to exile. They came to the happy shores of America, where the two latter reached high fame and fortune in their respective professions of law and medicine. Two magnificent monuments in St. Paul's churchyard, Broadway, tell of the esteem in which New York held Emmet and McNevin. Neilson, broken down in fortune and in health, did not have a like opportunity to display? his splendid ability, and sealed his love of country and universal liberty by his death in exile, at Poughkeepsie, in 1803, two years after his landing in the United States :— " Upon the shore of distant lands His wary heart he laid; And by the stranger's kindly hands, His lonely grave was made." The Neilson Monument Association has been established with the object of erecting a suitable memorial over the grave of this noble patriot. We, its original members, citizens of Poughkeepsie, feel privileged in claiming as our own a city distinguished above all the cities of the Union, except New York, by being the last resting- place of one of the men of '98. And even were we totally ignorant of the detailed history of the individual's life, of his reputation for Christian virtue, for firmness, manliness and generosity, of his character as a husband, a father and „& friend, yet it were enough for UB that he shone among the leaders in that glorious struggle for civil and religious liberty. " All, all are gone, but still lives on The fame of those who died; And true men, like you, men, Remember them with pride !" For the information, however, of our fellow-citizens who are not so well acquainted with Irish history, we present the above sketch of his life and labours, and we invite all lovers of freedom, all admirers of patriotism, men of every religious creed, but CatholicB in particular, to aid us in the work of perpetuating his memory here, on the spot of his sad and lonely but glorious death. The day will come when Ireland will send to ^very part of the earth, and bring home in triumph the hones of her exiled martyrs. We desire that, the future messengers may see that we . were not unworthy of being the temporary .guardians of one of them, that we wpre not careless of the honourable charge. We desire that our children may learn history and imbibe sentiment^ of, honour, courage, ; apd patriotism from looking on the monument of the brave,. that,,the. press may be, reminded, pf its mission by thei shade of the great editor's name,, that all beholders may leam respect for those, principles for -which he lived, and fought, and died. < Here'rihaU'the T Press to tedplffs'righto 1 maintain, • •' Unawed by influence and unbribed byj gain; ' ; -I eif ' 0- • >'• •' • -> Here-patriot Truth herglorkraa preoeptfc r^trfWF^^'l i 'Mt'j f - '' ^ SW- < £ Pledged to Reiajgicm,'Liberty.and law. "We have already made ® gpod b^^nr iting amongst ourselves,'" but fed iaiat the Obiect is one which - must /exc&te; general interest; and MspecSully> solicit subscriptions in its «ifl;5- '-1: ' • i;-* - AvotkofthanksioiBav. Dr. McSweeny was unanimously adopted. " " Mr. Bagley, the president, having tendered his. resignation,^ Eev.' Dr. McSweeney was elected president of the Association. , , A committee of gentlemen fras appointed to whom subscription's for the monument fund may be sent.. The following named gentlemen- ate the officers of the association and managers of the fund:— Rev. Edward McSweeney, D.D., President; Timothy Capper, Vicepresident; CharleB Cooke, Secretary; James Mulrein, Treasurer ; Be v. James Nilan, Rev. Philip E. Ahern, General A. B. Smith, Leonard B. Sackett, John I. Piatt, Cyprus Swan, E. B. Osborne, T. C. Nichols. The following prominent gentlemen have consented to receive subscriptions to the fund :— Dr. Wm. Carroll, Philadelphia; John J. Breslin, Charles Underwood O'Connell, Hon. Richard O'Gorman, John Savage, L.L., D., Colonel James Cavanagh, Thomas Clarke Luby, General Thomas F. Bourke, of New York; John Boyle O'R^lly, Thomas O'Flynn, Michael O'Sullivan, P. J. O'Daly, Col. Strahan, 9th Regiment, of Boston ; Hon. M. P. O'Connor, Charleston; J. C. Duggan, Savannah; J. W. Stokes, Atlanta; Captain Michael Cooney, New Orleans ; John S. Griffin, St. Louse, Mo,; Hon. R. Ford, St. Joseph, Mo. ; George D. Plant, Chicago ; D. A. Brosnan, Washington, D.C.; Wm. Bagley, Wappingers Falls.— Irish American. 