Echdca, Moama axd Kf.kang Advertiser. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) "Echoca, Wednesday, Ateie 30, i8f9. j Whex Mr. Andrei, the member for We -t Melbourne, very sensibly- recognised the ! position he occupied iu taking Mr. Lorimor's place iu the Melbourne Harbor Trust, and resigned, we naturally thought that the Ministry would havo taken advantage of the opportunity to amend the error °they committed in not re-appointing Mr. Lori mer, who had so faithfully performed the duties falling to his share during his period of office. Mr. Lorimer had earned the confidence of the rest of tho Commission to such an extent that he was reinstated to his position as chairman upon the tatitt of it expiring, and when his three years of office had ended was still holding that honourable position. It is rather a difficult matter for us to account for the apparent determination of the Go vernment to pass over the llsad of that gentleman. Mr. Lorimer, so far us we are aware, lias not earned the,bitter enmity of the present regime by open and harrasing hostility to their party and their politics! That gentleman has, we believe, devoted his time more to his commercial concefiis, and to the duties in connection with the Harbor Trust. Of course he may not be a Liberal at heart, but rather a Conservative, and, perhaps, his portion in life and his I interests place him in that category which seems hateful to all who are true Liberals at heart. But politics and the duties of the Melbourne Harbor Trust are not sup posed to have any connection with e£k.6h other, and if there is a position at all iu the Government service or in the hands of the Government, which does not require those exceptional abilities found only in politi cians and members, it is in the office of a j member of the Harbor Trust. The quali fications for this office, are indeed wholly dissimilar from those required by the others, and it is only amongst certain men that suitable people can be found for tho posi ! tion, Thus any Tom, Dick, or Harry tin I the Government of the day may pitchfork into the position of a Commissioner of the Melbourne Harbor Trust for political pur poses, may not recognise his particular fitness for the post, but cling to it for thi little notoriety it may give him. There . is much important work to be done by the Harbor Trust yet as regards the Melbourne Port, and if the Commissioners, are chosen without any particular idea as to their fit ness for the posts it is intended they should hold, the result may be extremely displeas ing to all who have the success of the Tiusts labors at heart. The Government have, after Mr. Andrew's, refusal to accept j the position, chosen Mr. Hodgkinson, who was lately connected with the Crown Lands j department, who has accepted the Oommis sionership. Mr. Hodgkinson may be a very good man. True, it is, that not beino connected with cither shipping or commerce may not bo fc<j his credit, but he may have many other points or excellence, and in the probability of some of no ability at all being appointed to such a place, it is as well to have a man like Mr. Hodgkinson. How much better it would be, however, to return the representative who has spent a season in connection with the Harbor Trust, if he be willing to accept the office. The ideas which have been promulgated at meetings of the Harbor Trust, and partly acted on, would then bo carried out in their entirety, but with a change of officers, comes a chauge of ideas not of any benefit to that body. We often hear of the neces sity for new blood being instilled into some public body, but in the Harbor Trust' neither the timo nor the necessity have allowed of such a proceeding. Wo think theie was a vast deal more to be gained by. tho retention of Mr. Lorither in the office of Commissioner, than by the appointment, of any new member. Mr. Andrew recog nisad the position in its proper light, and we can only regret that the Govern- ! mentdid not take the hint offered to them by him when he refused the office. Had ' they done so, a graceful compliment would I have been paid to the late chairman. As it is, the Government lay themselves open j to the charge of sacrificing the public good ! to party animosity, acts of whicli nature .are supposed to spring only from petty minded individuals. Echuca Shirk Council.—The monthly meeting of the Eelruca Shire Council was held yesterday at Martin's Commercial i'fotel. The Comicil did not rise till after 9 o'clock, and the finance committee then examined and ' passed for; payment the ac counts for the month. A full report appears elsewhere. A Dastardly Acr.—The Echuca police last night received information, of a das tardly act having occurred on the Sheppar ton road. A horse belonging to Wni. Hoult, who is landlord of the Friendly Societies' Hotel, was found yesterday even ing near the racecourse with a hole in its forehead, as if the animal had been mali ciously struckwith a pick. Sad Effects of Dki^k.—Last night a woman named Hamilton went to the Echuca police barracks in a state of intense mental excitement. On seeing Sergeant Hayes,'she exclaimed "Thank God, I've reached here without doing my children hatm." She then explained that lately she had indulged to excess in drink with other women, and feeling a fit of delirium tremens was about to supervene she sought the police, so as to be placed under restraint, as she fe)t an inclination to injure her three children, which she had left- in her house in bed. Sergeant Hayes imme diately locked the woman up, and despatched a constable to make inquiries respecting the children. Fire Insurance.—By advertisement I elsewhere it will be seen that Messrs. [ Pillans, Vines and Co.. auctioneers, of ! Echuca and Moatna, have been appointed | local agents for the Colonial Mutual. .Fire Insurance Company. Mechanics' Ixstitute.—In accordance with a previous resolution, a meeting of the committee of the above institute was held last evening, when there were present— Messrs. W. W. Moore (president), Link later, Axford, Palmer, Shackel), Mrtrphett, Hartshorn, and M'Grouther. Tax opening the proceedings-, the chairman explained that at the last meeting of the committee it had been resolved to call a special meeting to consider the financial position of the institute ; owing, however, to so few being present, that meeting lapsed, and he pre sumed the present might be considered as an adjourned one ; ifc was, however, for those present to say whether that business should now be gone on with. Some dis cussion took place on the point, in tll6 course of which the chairman remarked that the financial position of the institute was anything but satisfactory-, so much so that members of the committee had become disheartened-, &nd; had caused their names to be -struck oil the list altogether. lie had been one of those who took an active part 111 the establishment of the institute* and he should be sorry to see it closed. lie hoped the committee would devise some means whereby il cihUd bo carried on. Mr. Shackel! as.-UU'ed the committee that he would iiofc have attended the meeting had he understood that this matter would be discussed. He, for one, did not believe in the way the affairs the institution had been carried on for some time back, more especi ally when a paid officer of it made insulting replies to an honorary officers. 'filers wis no use, lie considered-, in ritiiltiirtg matters. Mr. GoodChild "ose to explain, but the 6ha5l ifian stated that the whole matter had been brought before the last meeting. .Mr. Hartshorn, at considerable Ieilirt-lN explained his views on the business lor which the meeting hau been called, and suggested vAridiB methods which he considered would tend to raise the character of the institute. Amongst tJie.se was the establishment of technological classes for young men \ the holding of entertainments in ii\o l\nvn Hall, (fe-c., but made i\0 formal resolution. In reply t<J d (|ile:stion, the secretary stated that Ills collections since last meeting had been LlG, and there were now 290 to 3o0 good names on the roll, and he had struck out a large number of bad debts 011 the list. After a somewhat acrimonious dis cussion, Mr. Shack ell moved—" That the books and accounts of the institute} oe made up, balanced* aild aiklitsd, and a balance-sheet ba prepared, showing the exact position of the institute, and that the balance-sheet duly audited be laid before the committee within fourteen days." This was seconded by» Mr. Palmer, and* carried. The fptestion of who'shoulct be the auditors was then entered into, and ultimately it was resolved to ask Mr Forbes to .-under take., the. work. The matter of electing two committeemen in room of tllosi who. had resigned—Messrs. Forbes and Butcher —-was freely and at length discussed, but it was considered inadvisable to do? more than wait till the next meeting^ dnd then, after the balance-sheet Jiad been presented, to ask those gentlemen, to retain'their seats. Iii the meantime, the secretary was in structed to get in all outstanding acco nts, and also to p ropare a list of bad and doubt ful ones. In..jro'pljr 'to; a question^Tthe. secretary stated that the gas bill was not yet paid/ jwhereupon: Mr. ] S;ha.ckeU stated that in. consequence of this the-gas commit tee were considering the advisability of cutting o|f the gas. Some conversation en sued as to the " joint and several " given by certain members of tlie committed, and the necessity of miking some provision for. it; when1 it f fall, due: ? \ The'poinmittee' their adjourned ffo" "Monday,• the l'2tli'' of '>11 siQOTB "he Squatter s Runs.-—We have been lequested to state that, a men^orial got up by Mr "Robert Bennett, of Melbourne, praying Sir-Bryan O'Loghlen and the other members of the Ministry.to take steps to s6c?ura the., subdivision■ .of-,- tliev squatters' I'uriS, is lying for s'ignaturVat the'office of Mr Gosling, High-street. _.D.'Arcy_IIead's Ghost.—As will be seen by advertisement elsewhere, D'Ar^y Read's wonderful ghost performance , will, take place for thef '""firstrtime'iff !Echuca:in ;tlle Temperance Hall to-morrow night. The entertainmeut is everywhere spoken of as a most enjoyable and curious one, and the opportunity will doubtless be lar«elv availed of. 0 J Spouting Xotes prom Sawdhpkst. Our. corre3p3.nde.nt..writes Las^.Saturd'ay. the settling Over^the la.Sydney meeting took place here,< 'and- 3 /Wything" p i?8ed oft very autUfjict .rlly... Mr. - Alfred ,Joseph, vrhoh is ju^t returned fronx the ..Sydney 0 unpaign, supplies me with the 'following quotations Frorn £1000 to 10 Y.R G> Derby ana Melbourne Cap ; £1000 to'' 5 Metropolitan and Melbourne Cup ; from £1003 to 10 A..J.C., Sydney Darby and Metropolitan. Dentistry.—Mr. S. De Baxe, simreon deiitiat, will pay his usual monthly visit to Echuca 011 Friday next; when he may be consulted at Mr. Warrington's Hare- Stroet. A Llo.vtixg Coffin.—~Mr. Justice Ludlcv has been engaged at Liverpool in the trial ot |{ Stephens, who was charged with having sent a Lntishship, called the Reaper, to sea 111 an un sea worthy state, so as to endanger the lives of t Prosi;cut.ou was instituted by the Board of Irade. It appeared that the W nIS, r shir>0Wll,>i' -uul coal merchant, residing; iu Dublin, claim.-,] to be the owner of hiillf S«PBiV? °f 352 to"3- w.v built in li>(-i. 1 here wore mortgages and re' mortgages upon the vessel, arid otlier persons beside the prisoner claimed to have authority over her. It was alleged that two of these persons went on board the schooner on Oct. 5 in Garston pock and that they dismantled her, an ! left her in such a state that she was totally unfit to pro bnV wT Prisoner was absent at the time, but he subsequently went on boar J, and was aa-n' a. what had been done. On Cth October he went to a Liverpool tug company and en4-ed a steamer to tow the lteaper, which ha:l »=cargoo'f S ™ ,ho»$ Dublin. On the morning °[ 1 tli October the steamer towed the schooner out of dock, and shortly afterwards a gale arose* When the schooner was off the Skerries she suddenly went down, and all on board, seven in numbed v. ere crowned. The prosecution contended tint the prisoner ,vas well aware- when he sent the »aip to «ea.that riio was in a totally Junsea worthy e- the defence it was contended that t ie vessel had been partly rebuilt, and only latelv I'Tptafn P iton't f WM thoF'nighly s^orthy* oaptain, Pa ton late commander of the Great Eastern, an,I other witnesses, were enlkvt in support of tho defence, The prisoner was fouml o'.ulty, and was lined in the full penalty of £100 It is said that Prince Louis Napolean is d«nP rately sm.tten with a handsome youn^ En' -1" woman of noble family, and that W fn, M?5, 1 monstrances of his mother, would have ncohosh" hi tho ordinarv wiv Th<a *»v PloP^)3Ld is a most ambitious'lady, U'ren tip her old and cherished scho.nt. „ * Sfrand marriage, b„th from a political ™1 T ■ ? pointof view, is what her Majetyha,- St her mffl Inconsequence of the alleged extension „fn plague la Itussia, the Lords of the CW;i i 10 deemed it prudent, as a matter of prec"ut on ? cause instructions to be issued for tt»> , n ? -i* to amination of the billa of l,,.-,]n, careful ex ports in the Black Sea or theSea ofAa/"7 "J -t!,ie standing their lordships' belk-f OT no ground for alarm a= to the ^ there is disease into this country 1 or uion the Oi^k'chuSrSS^ ia Greek Gnvernn^nt. after^lLni/^^"^ undisturbed four or five years I,J remain close the churches and take' chi , ?enlto schools. The laader of tlfP fl'o:a tllu Makrakis,, preaches reform withL PHty' nUneii which shall restore conditions Jl ^llu> ch three centuries. Confession iq Ar«f u i- > hrst penitenta confeos on Sunday before tL il" ' but gregation. etora the whole con 