MAXJDE; OB TIIE Ifete jof gprrg Edited nv Miss Wiiately, Author of ' English Synonymos,' Jjifo of Archbishoi> Wliatoly,' ' Thrco Caskets,' etc. CHAPTER TV. (Continued.) THE CONFESSIONAL. The conversations of this' day left a strong impression ' on Maude's mind/ Sho. was too inuch fascinated to perceive' the jesriitical double dealing of the conduct' of Mr. Gildcraft,: but she began to question whether her .dislike , to the idea1 of confession was 'not sinful ; if it were true that the absolution of the priest was as the voice of Gotl forgiving sin, was she not losing great comfort and peace? It ended in her telling Mother Angelica that she had made up her mind to confess, and she would choose Mr. Leigh. The next day she was . sent into' the parlour to see him. He began immediately to say how glad he was that she was at last led td see and appreciate the value of confession.' He waB not surprised at the difficulty she felt in it ;: it was' natural in. one who had but lately been brought into communion: with those who en joyed such high- spiritual advantages. He advised her'giving him, : by way of preparation, a short sketch of her past life,, as it would make her confession "easier. She did so ; but '.before she -had finished, be " interrupted, her by saying with a sniilo, — " You have told me of the places you have lived in, and the countries you' have visited, but I do not. sec that this can help either of us with the'liistory of the inner life. ' Maude said she found it very difficult to speak' of the; inner life to him. 1 Mr. Leigh re plied by speaking at muoh length of , the- guid ance God vouchsafes to give to His servants through the ministry, and the interview ended with a day being appointed for confession. Tlie hour came, and Maude was directed to join Mr. Leigh at St. Mark's Church. She met him at the door, and followed him to a small octagon room at the foot of the south- western tower of the church. This was used as his con fessional; it contained a small table and two chairs. Mr. Leigh seated himself in ono of these chairs, Maude knelt at the table beside him. He then dictated to her- the following form of confession : — ' I confess to God the Father Almighty, His only begotten Son Jesus Christ our Lord, and Gocl the Holy Ghost, before the whole court of Heaven, and before thee, my spiritual father, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, through my fault, through my fault, through my grievous fault.' Then Mr. Leigh told her to confess all the sins she could remember. He then rose, and pronounced the absolution and blessing, and took off the white surplice he had put on when they entered the room, and, after a little con versation on the 'religious life,' and the outer work of the sisterhood, they left the church. But not together ; for Mr. Leigh told Maude that the common people could not accept the sacrament of confession at all, that it was with great difficulty that it would revivo in the Church, and it was better that they should not be seen leaving the Church together. Indeed, the next and only other time Maude confessed in St. Mark's, they were detained a considerable time in the tower, as Mr. Leigh had locked the church- door, and some people, who had probably seen him go in with one of the sisterhood, were knocking loudly, and seemed determined not to go away. After this secondoonfession, many wcekslater, Maude was more strongly impressed than ever with the conviction that there was 110 real benefit in the rite. To begin with, she could not confess to man as sho did to God ; and, with regard to spiritual guidance, in her short con versations with Mr. Leigh after confession, she felt ho was incapable of satisfying her mind even on points of doctrine. Ho seemed to her to be less of an Anglican than Mothep Angelica. Then, too, she was not satisfied as to the validity of the absolution, in case there was no apostolic succession," and the teaching of her Romish friends had made hor uncertain on that point. At last, when bringing a message from Mr. Leigh to the Superior, complaining of the length of time since she had been ao confession, she took courage to speak openly of her feelings, and said that she did not wish to confess again. 'My child, do you - think of what you are saying ?' said tlie Superior. 'Mother, I do not feel that I receive any real spiritual assistance from Mr. Leigh. Each time 1 have oonfessed I feel more certain that it is not profitable to my soul, and on points of doctrine Mr. Leigb is uo belp to mo at all.' The Superior looked grave, even to sternness. 'Maude/ she said, ' this is all pride, deep, in tense, spiritual, and . intellectual pride and pre sumption which actuates you. It is one of vlie cqmraoriest aiid most dangerous developments of this -pridd , in the religious life to be dissatisfied with our spiritual guidds.. How. can you; pre sume to , think" that you ' know better, or can, . judge: bettor, than the'spiritual father God has given you?! Surely he must know best what yoiir soiil requires. You' have done Mr. Lcigli a grave in j usticc, and, under these circumstances, L 'certainly could not' urge y ou to , go to him again,' for you are riot in a state: of mind to, benefit by'it. Your soul is not enlightened as td the blessings of spiritual guidance. You liavd shown' asmuch waut oE charity as of humility; ahd/sribriiissiori.' '. ' ,.i: . . V,,! , . , . , Maude' was dismissed— perplexed, /harassed, frightened at the.': state, of spiritual pride, ' uncliaritabloriess, ' and rebellion in which she supposed . .hor-, soul must, bo';' arid overwhelmed lyith; ;a; sense; of 'spirituaL'daHcness, alio wrote a , iit£teu'i;n;Lra'gEMkD0wledgi':''tlm' wrong, feelm|s'aiq had display ed '.towards him,1 and is£i-_ blosed it?to the' Superior, i|.witha'uote;'ftq''hbrself,''' expressingmuch' regrbt ' and ..'sorrow' for' her con- ducfj'1.'; '.".'".V.'j'V i'rf , i,'Sb|bn\7afters-this'l'she wris'sorit , tp|MK'JLeigh in' tfief'OVfitqry, ' i)nd' was rioiv a . gppd', 4$al absent' <froinJ Westonbury,.' ' Mr. ; Leigb" was'also .sticf 'Tbad1 'onl more opportunity .ruSt'inj. iiorisfpirittii'";suUmiMipii to tlio'.'tet. Shrihady vcrv' thankful' that she/had, 'choiscu'ilir. Leighas .siyii!'.! on j Ntxjii her confessor, when she heard of the ordeal others of the community, under other spiritual guideB were subjeoted to. Mr. Leigh asked her no questions, and imposed no penances, except on one occasion he advised her to repeat one of the seven Peuiteutial Psalms on her knees, and to make the sign of the cross with her tongue on the floor of the Oratory. Wo cannot quit this subject of confession without a comment on its rapid increase and development in our English Church since the time of which we write. Confession must bo either a mere form, or be carried on in a' way to involve evils of the most serious nature. The confessional and priest craft have always proved themselves to be inseparable. Are we prepared to welcome them back after three centuries of Reformation light and apostolic truth ? Of one thing we may be certain, that they will never regain ground wbere the Word of God is a household book, and where those who minister in the Church are not ' lords over Christ's heritage, but ensamples to the flock.' CHAPTER Y. the rules of the community. : 'Maude hadheen nearly six months at Weston bury',' when the Superior unfolded to her a plan which; she had in view of founding a branch sisterhood at .Portlyle, and said she wished she could send her there, for she would be admirably suited for the work : but, she added, that she could not give it to any one not bound to her by the promise of obedience. Would there be any hope of her gaining Lady Deerswood's consent to her entering the community? Maude replied, that she was Bure, if her ; mother knew how happy she was in the ' religious life,' sho would allow her to remain in it ; but that it would be useless asking her now, as she was so utterly opposed' to her views and wishes, and that most probably, if asked to consent to her becoming a Sister, she would take alarm and recall lior immediately. After much conversation on the subject, Mother Angelica said that she would make her a ' Grey Sister.' ' For which, Maude,' added slie. with a smile, ' you need not ask your mother's consent, as it will not interfere with your duty, to her.' : ; . As a 'Grey Sister' she would take the promise of obedience to the Superior, with this mental reservation, that her first obedience would bo due to her own mother, but all, her time, talent, and thought were to be given unreservedly to the community. She was to return to her inother when Lady Deerswood absolutely commanded it, but her return was to be in obedience to the Superior ; her dress was to be held sacred and her rules binding. When with her mother she was to hold herself iu readiness to obey any injunction or order from the Mother Superior, to whom she was to write a daily account of all she said and did. Mother Angelica then spoke of the advisability of her admission being kopt secret for the present, as she hardly liked to ask the sisters to receive one who had been so short a time a novice, but that her public admission should he : some months later. In the meantime sho would be 'Sister Maude' to the Superior, though only recognised as a novice iu the community. In preparation for this admission she was now very much with Mother Angelica. In tho morning she lighted her fires, brought lier breakfaBt, arranged her sitting-room, took messages, wrote letters for her— all outer rule was at a standstill, as also tho services. It some times struck Mando as strange, the entire liberty of tho Superior as to all rulo, and the arbitrary a nd heavy yoke imposed by lier on the rest of the sisterhood. But then, was it not a sin to think that the Superior could err ? And Maude had by this time quite fallen in with the current thought in the sisterhood, that the Mother Superior and her proceedings were far above all common kin, and not to be commented on or scrutinised by any of tlie community, especially by those so little advanced in the spiritual life as the novices. - So it was always a pleasure to be in attend ance on lier, and a satisfactory thought that making her fire, or sweeping her room. or bring ing up lier travs, or spending hours with her in comparative idleness, was an acceptable service to God, and a rare occasion of spiritual improve ment. Added to this, Maude had an un bounded confidence in Mother Angelica, who invariably expressed , a great affection for lier, and treated her most kindly whenever she was with her. . The Superior was at this time occupied in copying out, on large parchment sheets, the Rules of the Community,' and she was also ookiug over plans for tho building of the ' Abbey,' the foundation-stone of which had been laid some months previously. These plans slie showed aud explained to Maude. They were on a magnificent scale ; the chapel, the cloisters, the nuns' cells, the Superior's apart ments, tlie stone-staircases, the enclosed gardens, all were to be. in keeping ; aud this was intended to' bp tho ' Mother House' of hundreds of branch sisterhoods, which the foundress hoped would spread all ovor the world. They were now to be' planted in triangles over England, and ' Little Portlyle ' was to be one of the first in these triangles, and to be begun on a self- supporting, system, tho sisters commencing as poor women selling work for their living/ The rules of the' society were now'given to Ma'ude'to' read 'and to 'copy, in'her'm'anuscript book, and for -some' days she ..spent hours -in a little oratory communicating with1 the Superior's' sitting-room, studying these rules, and had long conversations with' "the ; ' Superior." Mother" Angelica dwelt much oiv tlie 'sublime dignity ; of the unmarried life, of the high place it held in' Heaven, of tbe great-graces which were vouch-' safed to' those who' clios'o this;' bettor part,' 'of tlie high1 perfection. to:T which .'the;1 ' religious ' could 'attain, arid'1 that', ' "though" marriage' was-' : riglit and' honourable/; yet' celibacy ' was' angelic.'/ Obedience, poverty/ ' chastity,' ' were' the' f Ounda- tiori stones of the life' that' she was now/to'enter/' and that she ' coiild." 'not 'prize "too- highly the blessed'yocatiqnHvhich'God Had 'given her. ;Mbth'e'r:'Angelica.,had told'Maude '"that 'this rule'of ' Holy Obedience.' was the one she wished her-'most' deeply ''.to study,' ''arid- 'to' ask'Gbd'to give' her power to -/understand/! " She' assured her : tbat"'ii; wiit 'the one great >'cprhor-8tone';bf the religious life— that1 when 'she 'had' learned1 'obedi ence she 'would5 be' -.all "that 1 shb-;"'cbuld ' wu/b.cl Maude' had1 JBaid.vithat:i''she',,cduld''6beyli/ter,' ' : .? o-.'f ;; vlv. ' 'VVi-.a.- fvifin Mother Angelica, because she had faith in her ; but that if Sister Ursula, for instance, was the Superior, she could not obey lier implicitly, for slie would constantly be doubting her judgment. _ The mother replied, that belief in the principle of Holy Obedience was tho gift of God, but that if her ' precious child ' went on in diligent praotice of obedience, faith in the principle would be given her from above. Maude prayed earnestly that she might have this wonderful gift of faith in tho principle of Holy Obedience. Surely, she thought, she must be very unenlightened not to be able to enter into the spiritual depths of this rule, which seemed to her so full of tho lowliest Christian humility, and so scriptural in its wording and sentiment. And then, did it not embody just the truth she was seeking? did not her soul long to throw its responsibility on another, to have nothing to do but to obey? If only she could be implicitly obedient, bow free from all' care, how restful, how peaceful, would be her every step through life ! no responsibility, no burden of thought as to what was true, what was right ! Yes, there must be some deep hidden virtue in this obedience, some inner light conveyed through its practice ! Did not the Rule say that the gift of the Holy Spirit came through the exercise of this lowly and entire submission ? In the dim, religious light of that little Oratory, at the foot of the wooden cross, with the parchment manuscript spread out before her, Maude remained for hours in meditation and prayer, striving to tutor her: soul into the reception of this holy obedience, praying with an earnest longing desire for faith to believe— this lie ! — drinking in unconsciously, deep draughts of that mystic spirit of asceticism which in all ages has intoxicated and deluded its votaries The Rule's are two long and full to he given . here in detail. We can only give a few heads. ' Holy obedience ' prescribed that unquestion able submission, in thought, word, and deed, to the Superior, which every Christian owes, iu very deed and truth, to his Heavenly Master. The difference hero was, that Jl/an and not God, was the object of the obedience required. ' Holy poverty ' commanded the sister to give all she had to tho sisterhood ; and thus might bind her to remain, even if she desired to de-. part, from actual want of means of support. Rules for Humility, Purity, Holy Communion, Devotions on awaking, and Self-examination, followed.;. Some of the directions . for daily con duct were good as far as they went, but the. effect of tho whole was to bind their votary to that conventual system which is wholly subver-. sivo of tho domestic and social ties God has given us. No letters wore to bo sent out of the house, or received, .without being seen by the Superior, Her dominion, therefore, was absolute and com-, pletely irresponsible. We must now hasten to resume our narrative, only dwelling. briefly 011 the fact that late one night Maude was taken by the Mother Superior into the Oratory, and there bound secretly, to the community, as a Grey Sister ; her public admission was some two months later. The Superior knelt by the altar, and read somo prayers from the Admission Service ; then rising,, sho dictated the following promise, which .Maude, still kneeling, repeated after lior: — 'My Mother, I promise to obey you in all tilings, as my rule doth direct.' : CHAPTER VI. WORK AT rORTLYLE. One day, not long after her private admission, ' Sister ' Maude was called to the Superior, who told her that she was to go a long journey with her and Sister Ursula to the great old town of Portlyle and look for a house. They wore to go incog., and must dress iut such ' Babylonish garments ' as they could find in tho Poor's Wardrobe ; ' and make your hair very smooth, Maude ; I wish it were not. so short,' added the. Mother, with a . smile, 'as I want to take yon with mo to the Cedars, where I must pay a visit.' It was not very easy for Maudo to make her liair smooth, as her great object had been to have it short enough to be able to wash it con tinually, and to avoid the probability of its rivalling Sister Anna's in point of unwelcome intruders. ! .. No mirrors being in tho sisterhood, it was loft to Sister Ursula to make her look like a tidy nurserymaid in the 'Babylonish,' or secular garments. Arrived at Portlyle, they were met by Mr. Wilson, an architect, who had been looking out for houses for them. Several were seen ; at last a little old house in a court, at the entrance to which was a public-house, was chosen, as it was in the vicinity of a very poor neighbourhood, and St. Saviour's Ghurch was close by. Mr. Wilson kindly undertook to settle with the landlord, and to take ; it for 'some poor but respectable women ;' the rent was 12i. a-year, and it was to be put into repair, which indeed it needed ; for tho little diamond- shaped panes of glass were shaking out of the old leaden frames, the tiny cork-screw staircase was in a dilapidated state, and the four little rooms, one'above another, were begrimed with1 dirt— aud already tenanted/ as Maudo after wards found to her cost, by a goodly number of black beetles and insects. A- bell, too, was to ;be put to the door, and all was to be done as quickly as possible. Mother Angelioa's plans never brooked delay. Tlioy then went into St. . Saviour's Church ; it was empty, bub ' Angli can ? enough in appearance to please the Sisters. The Superior went up to the highest steps of the altar and knelt there for a few minutes, Ursula and Maude kneeling behind her on: the lowest step. Mr. Wilsoii remained at the entrance of tlie ohurcli. Sister Ursula then" returned ! to : Westonlmry, and; 1 the Mother went on: to Lou don, Maude accompanying ' lier and; acting as : waiting-maid to her at the hotel; arid; bringing up her breakfast in the morning.'. There was a difficulty about her going to the The -Cedars ; so i Mother Angelica1 - sent "her v,to; ' fetcli' a i Child; '> who - belonged : to' the/ Society, and wbb ' was- staying in London on a > visit to berimother, and- jshe was confided to lior care till : the Superior's ' 'return.'"' :d Theyiwere'giveri> rule of work riMaude was ' to' resume- flier ' novice's -dres's/iiwith ithe; white ' apron/ arid ;they -were-f toi spend! their ?time ::iri 1 services at' home' and' the daily .. earlycomihunion' > |at St.- Cyril's ; Chapel;1 « ( :This:invol ved' very early I jrising/ aB 'th'ei chapel' waB ata'considerable dis- ' :taricle';:,but"the'i two 'girls iwero 'delighted/ 'and; i ' (1uin- ur.li 'j'fov rivHo (hia spent some happy days together. St. Cyril's Chapel was 'so charmingly Anglican the three priests — the prostrations — tlio elevation of the elements — the highly decorated altar, were all in keeping ; and Child Fanny ' told Maude much that was new to her, as to the way the Anglican cause was advancing through the earnest working of such mon as Mr. Tritchards/ her spiritual father. After a few days they recoived orders to take rooms at- a hotel, and to meet the -Superior at the_ station/ \ Several Anglican: priests-arid' ladies called on her at the hotel, and soirie business had to be settled- for the removal!'of a refractory sister, from a London Sisterhood" to Westonbury. On the road to the station the Superior told Maudo that she wished her to be very particular in showing lior every possible respect, as Sister Mary,' whom she was going to fetch, had manifested a spirit of great insubordination to her Superior. Stopping at the door of the St. Ann's Sister hood, a sister, looking ghastly pale and more dead than alive, got with difficulty into ' the cab, and lay crouched on the floor, hardly able to suppress a low moan of pain. :She! told Maude afterwards that sho was very ill iu' bed that day, when sho received orders to get up 'arid dress with all speed, as the Superior from. Westonbury was going to take charge of her." She said that she was suffering so much that the long journey had been agony to her, though they rested a night on tho road. When they reached Westonbury, Sister Ursula knelt, as she alwavs did, to receive the Mother, and kissed her hand. The new sister was treated with great kindness, and she soon appeared in a novice's dress/ and looked much improved in health. Her account of St. Ann's Sisterhood was anything but edifying : the .cruel rule oarried oul; there riiad left her for days and weeks alone in hi-r bedroom wretchedly ill and suffering— no sympathy, no provisiori made for hor comfort, 110 needed help provided.. She soon became much attached to Westonbury, and after - some months was admitted as a Sister of tho Sacred Heart Order. The Rule on joined perpetual silence, which was only broken when with the Superior. "-Maude was rriucb ocoupied now in working for the Portlyle baskets. The novices made purses of leather embroidered with beads, ancl called ' Prince Hal's Purses,' and they were considered very taking though they were supposed to be destined for Oxford, as the Portlyle basket plan was not generally known. She also worked in the kitchen ; and then again was called to be in attendance on the Superior, uften now, after the community were in bed, Sisters Ursula, Monica, and Maude, were detained in. the Mother's apartments till the early morning, talking over plans for Portlyle. On ono of these occasions Mother Angelica desired Maude to show her what kind of basket- woman she would make. 'O Mother, let Sister Monica try ; she would do it so much better than I can.' ' Presumptuous child, to think you know better than your Mother,' replied the Superior, with a smile. ' Now, bring your basket.' Maude laughingly tried to personify a poor woman with wares to sell. No ; they would tell by her voice at once that sho was a lady ; but that was no impediment, remarked the Mother, because her plan , was that her basket- women would be poor but respoctable, — that the impression convoyed would be, that they were ladies who had met with great reverses of fortune,— which would do very well ; tlioy could say, if questioned, that they lived with their Mother, and had known better days. Maude had, at first, thought that the plan was a mere jeii d' esprit, and that she would not really ffio required to go from house to house with a basket ; but the mother told hor that she was perfectly ; serious in her intention, and proceeded to settle what things were to be taken to Portlyle ; bow soon it might become self- supporting— that £2000 in all was the utmost that little Portlyle would ever receive. The expenses of tho menage would be very small ; the cross and hangings for tho Oratory would be ordered in London ; mattresses also should come down from town, that they might not have many purchases to make in Portlyle. When Maudo was alone with the Superior, Mother Angelica spoke much to her of the blessedness of the life she had been called to, —of the importance of tho work confided to the Bisters as a Societv, — nothing1 less than' tho re planting of the conventual life, which at the ; Reformation, had been sacrilegiously broken up. Maude spoke of a Priory that had been in her family some generations back ; and tho Superior said, -that, undoubtedly; all families Holding' ecclesiastical lands were in a false 'and un righteous position ; but that the English Church was full of heretics, and it wa3 only the few Anglo-Catholios that were 'the faithful children ,o£ our fallen, but reviving, Church.' Maude asked if such and such bishops, whom she named, were heretics. 'Undoubtedly;' replied tlie> Superior ; and she again impressed on her mind' the fact she often dwelt upon, 'that her ' precious! child' had sadly misjudged her own Ohuroh/; when sho thought that the 'Roman' com- - munion could give her anything of real vital truth that was not to be found in the ' Anglican.' Maude went about her worlc at this time with' : a full conviction that ' everything she' did was pleasing in the sight of God, and with an uri-' doubting confidence in tho wisdom and spiritual attainments of tho Superior, to whom she had ' become sincerely attached. It was a recognised principle at Westonbury that tho Mother could not be too highly reverenced or loved by the sisters, and that ' the Mother's love for her spiritual children far oxcecded"all natural motherly love; There was but little time in the busy religious observances of the day for searching the Scriptures, indeed none ; for though every one iu tho community ; had her Bible, the only- time ' for reading, was taken pp. ini studyirig.anyipar- ticular book given by. the; Superior, and the rule ' of each sister provided for her entire; day.,; rJn I recreation tho Bible, could not. bo read, .for there lyas an especial rule that in recreation -time 'the : sisters were, to; relax from all; serious occupation for the short time spent- together." , -The Scrip tures were- heardjin-.thenMorning arid Evening Lessons in the ohuroh,, anditho Psalms;of Bavia were read- through .w.eokly in, the daily canonical hours. >,The; interpretation of (Scripture belonged to; .ithe'i Church,; and, -the . sisters were/neveriito question what,.their|.spiritu'al guides taught: vi-(q L ,-ui-il ci To ebe < Continued:) ; bm'.>q<j«ail» 1 v- ii.iih ii i 1 -.v iv.. 'i, < 