THE LOSS OF THE "CALABAR." A CRANKY SAILOR'S TARN. SOME years afar the " Calabar " Sailed out of Hobson'sBay, And fresh and fair the wind Mew there, And sent us on our way. And the Heads were clear'd and they disappeared, And the Otway hove in view ; But it sunk away with the light of day As thoughts from the mem'ry do. And the black, black swan, the night swept on, And she spread her pinions wide Round the "Calabar," anear and far, She brooded on the tide. And I heard a moan in the breezes blown, And somehow it made me fear, Though I knew not why, but it seemed a cry From something ghastly near. But on we bowl'd, and the yarn was told In the fo'castle where I lay; Then the moan o'erhead spoke this and said, "Thereis wine in the hold, Mark Spray." Then I stole below, to the bold you know, And I drank of the red wine there; And every night, with a mad delight, I crept to that cursed lair. Then was the time I began the crime For which my soul is cursed; Oh! yes, down there in the red fiend'slair, When I drank of Ms red blood first. Still I heard the moan in the breezes blown, For day and night it came; And at length it spoke, in accents broke', The gallant,. good ship's name. And she groaned aloud, hull, mast, and shroud, As if she'd heard it too; But I alone had heard that moan, Yes, I alone, of the crew. And days went past, and the ship sailed fast, When at night cried one of the crew, " An iceberg now on the weather bow, And a berg on the lee bow too." I was down below at the wine, you know, When I heard the cry ; and mind, I dropped the cup and 1 tumbled up, , But I left a light behind. X • And round TIS stood in the billowy flood / The icebergs huge and steep, / Like giants grim, or phantoms dim, / Uprisen from the deep. / And we heard them crash, and the billoWBl wash On those frost mounts of the main; \ And I heard the moan in au undertone \ Again, and still again. \ And locked in ice, as in a vice, \ The good ship lay that night j \ When from her hold the smoke-clouds roll'd, \ And then, burst up the light. \ And fireand flamefrom 'midships came i As towering as the mast, ( And the bergs around with light were crown'd, But each face around was ghafit. And the "Calabar" blazed, hull and spar, Upon the icy deep, And each sailor there stood like despair, Too horrified to weep. And the bergs o'erhead gleamed purple-red, And azure, pink, and white ; _ Yes, glared and gleamed, and glowed and beamed Like palaces of light. A pallid group stood on the poop, And they sang their hymns of praise, And they blended in the noise and-din, And the roaring of the blaze. But we put out stores on the iceberg shores, And beds and bedding threw On the bergs anigh, when arose the cry, " The ship has broken in two." And their parting cry arose to the sky, Up to the Maker burst; Then His wrath was shed on my guilty head, And I became accurst. I bad killed the crew, and the passengers too, I had made the good ship sink ; Oh! woe, oh ! woe, to the depths below— I had murdered all through drink. For all went down from the ocean's crown To their silent graves below, And I alone on the berg was thrown, And it rocked me to and fro. And I looked around, but all were drown'd, And there was not even a spar To tell me there, or to declare The fate of the " Calabar." Then I heard the moan like a mocking groan— 'Twas the voice of the evil one ; And he mocked me there in my lone despair, And he joy'd in the deed I'd done. Away, away, day after day, I drifted sadly on ; And the iceberg tall, grew small, grew small In the rays of the sun that ahotie. And onward still I drifted, till One day my searching eye Beheld a sail, and I gave a hail, But she did not hear my cry. For she sailed away from where I lay, Sailed stately o'er the tide, And I saw her fade in the evening's shade, Then I own to you I cried. And day by day the warming ray Made masses fall aloose, And the berg once tall grew small, grew small As the " Calabar's " caboose. I was doomed to toss like the Albatross On that berg for thirty days ; . And in the night, when the moon shone white, I saw their ghosts like haze. For they flittedround with a mournful sound, And they said, "You made us sink Before our time, oh ! man of crime. And you murdered us through drink." \ And to and fro I saw them go x Between me and the moon; Though I shut my eyes I could see them rise Like a mist in an eve' of June. But ain't it queer, my listening ear No longer heard the moan ? For look you, he who'd tempted me To other ships had flown. At length one night I saw a light, And when the morning came I spied a sail, and I gave a hail And she answered back the same. And they picked me up to rest and sup With them, and J told thera sad „ ,,, How I'd been wrecked, how the dim ghost fleck d The moon; then they called me " mad." But look ye, mate, 'twas idle prate, Beciause I'm sound in mind, For don't I see how they follow me And shout to me in the wind. And they still will shout till my soul goes out Of my frame—till they make it sink, With their curse I know, to tlie depths below, For I murdered them through drink. 