WELLINGTON fN.Z.1 , CCI.u. Mattors remain unohangsd iu Tavaniki. Tho natives aontinuo to plough. up tho grass paddooks belonging to tho settlers. Tho authorities aro strengthening tho out- poBts, And reoruiting vigorously. School of Abts.— " Carlton's Ghost " again attraoterl a crowdod audionoo last night, thore boing scarcely standing room in the ball 'of tho abovo institution. Tho wondorfui apparitions produced created universal astonishment, and evoked great applause. Tho musieal portion of the entortainment is not the least attrnotive leature in tho programme, while tho " nigger buaineSB" is oxoeodingly mirth provoking. A matineo is announcod for this afternoon, 1 and liko all tho evoning porformanoos givon hitherto, oan soaroely fail to attraot a orowdod houBe. Duffino Calves.— This little game is anrried on to a oonsidorablo oxtont all ovor tho coun try whore small soleotors or oookatoo settlers, as they ure oollod iu Now- South Wales, soitlo down; but iu no oaso is it in full blast more than in this distriot, where ' oattlo aro turned out into swamps, or turned into tho Commonage, in tho vioinity of whioh, it is well known, thoro aro persons who mako it a regular praatico of " duffing" their neighbors', or any , chance stook that may come in their way— a glaring inBtr.uoo of which oams re coutly undor onr notice. It ' seems that somo five oowh, with their calves, had beon turned, out, by t ho owner ou tlio Commonage , and he, after some lime, thought ho'd havo a look to seo how they wero gotling on, whon ho discovered that they had all lost their aalvos or that they wero without them ; 'and, Buspoat- ing something wob wrong, he searohed some of the neighboring paddookB, in ono of wliioh be fouud. five young oalvQB seouraly penned, out with a Btrango brand on them. Without moro ado, ho opened tho pen and lot them out, whon eaoh oalf at onoe singled out its mother, upon which ho drovo thorn away. No attempt, wo uuderetand, was mado by tho por- son, whose braud thoy boro, to claim them ; and tho real owner of them, satisfied with having reooverod his property, simply recounted tho fuot, without taking any stops to bring tho dnffor to book ; wo, thorefore, look npon the receiver as bad as the thief.' It is pusillani mous conduct like this that enoourages duffing, and enables oattlo stealers to proy upon thoir neighbors. When the Commonago is foncod in' and a man paid to look after tlio stook turned into it, it will stop the littlo games of those gentlemen — at all events in tho immediate neighborhood of tho town. Abbival of the Scottish Lassie.— Tho barquo Soottish Lassio, from. London, with immigrants for Uookbampton, pnssod in at Oapo Gaprioorn at midnight on Thursday night, and# anchored Bufely at Sea Hill at 3 o'olook yestorday afternoon. Sho sailed from Gravosond on Fohruary 21, and lias, thoroforo, inado tho passago in 105 days. She has on hoard the following iuimigrauts : 31 murried mon, 32 married womon, 145 singlo men, 72 single women, 16 ohildren, and 9 infants— in all, 305 souls, equal to 288 statute adults. Dr. Salmond, tho Hoalth Offioor, wont down in tho Government steamor Fitzroy last night, to inspoot tho Bhip nnd hor passengers ; and, us tho vessel reports all woll, 'sho will, in all pro bability bo admitted to pratique, and tho pas- songors brought up to-night or to-morrow, morning. Theatbe Royal,— Mr. W. H. RobisonT i jplay of " Tho Wifo's Viotory" was producer", last night bofora a soloct and disoriminhtini Audience, in foot, what may bo called t boi house, and proved a most triumphant success. The ohnraotors aro foroibly and cffootivolj drawn, and tho dialoguo racy, vigorous, spark, ling and opigrammatlo. Tho situations or, striking, happily oonooivod, and worked on with an artist'B hand. Tho play is farboyonr tho avorago run of tbo dramatic oompositioni of the day. As a litorary production its moriti stiltod is dignified, yet impressive, and in each aro of a high claBB ; the langnogo, without being instanao fits the oliaractor. Somo of the deolamatory passages are remarkably good, and taken upon the whole, for plot, diotion, and etago - offeot, it is tho boBt play wo havo soen for many a day. Miss Htophenson's I.ady Wilder, tho Wife, is ono of those oharaotore wliioh calls upon tho versatile powers of an actress. 1'asBionately fond of her husband, Sir Harry Wilder (Mr. J. Hcsford),sho boos him following tho road to ruin without oxoroisiug hor powor as a wife to prevent, nntil sho is oalled to a senso of her duty by her friond Miss Frankloy (Miss Fanny Rogers). At first playfuly, and thon sorionsly, she stops to the front as a wifo to provont hor husband from falling a viotim to tho artB of hiB friend, Colonel Hilton, (Mr. T. O. Mortyne) and of hiB Steward Arohibald M'Quirk, (Mr, J. J. Kennedy). She obeok matos them at ovory move, and finally oomoB off viatoriouSp assisted by Sir Oharlos Frankly, (Mr. A. B. Clinton), and Simpson alias Quick Diok (Mr. J. A. Patterson). In suoh a oliaractor Miss StevoDBon was thoroughly in hor lolerrioiit, and Bho aotod throughout in a manner which not only delighted hor audionoo, but, wo aro certain bor author nlso. Iu tho first soono with Sir Harry, sho playod the part of tho foud wifo, aware of bor husband's failings, and not having courage to reprimand him ; brooking down altogether and finally rushing off with him full Bpood to have look at his now purchase. This was all finely conceived and as finely oxeoutcd — whilo tho oard soono and her first facing tho Colonol and baffling him, brought tho liouso to its foot. Again she onconnters the Colonol aud again foils him, her playful by. play, her powerful bursts of passion, being exquisitely rendered. When; sho thinks ho husband iB safe, she relapses into hor playfu mood ; and her viotory over Sir Hnrry und Colonol Hilton at tbo finish, and tho wny sho winB it and proolaims it, were powerfully and truthfully represented. AUogothor Miss Stephenson fully sustained her high reputation and was rewarded by tlio enthusiastic applause of tbo audionoo. Miss Franklcy was vory offootivoly played by Miss Fauny Rogers, she bad no putliolic and no pnssionuto soencs, but she was the ealm, disinterested friond, sponking oarnestly and faithfully, and giving fall oflcot to hor advice and warnings by the mannor in whioh sho delivered thorn. Miss Fatty Holt, always clever nnd offootive. was a oapital Patty|Rosolips, playing with that sparkle, finish, and easy nonchalunoo bo re quired iu a high oomedy chnmbormuid. She mado every point toll, with an arob, coquettish manner whioh a sterling actress only could attorapc. Of Mr. J. Hesford's Sir Harry Wildor wo oannot speak too highly. It was a finishod porformanoo. Tho thoughtless, gay, warm hearted, honorable English bnronot — in lovo with his own wifo, trusting everybody, , aud not ablo to sny " no" — could not have boen better represented. Iu his happy momonts he was gay and airy, but alwavB showing that conscience was .gnawing within. The soenes with Colonel Hilton and MeQuirk were oxool- lo.n, .nt a t.io pnosiuiiuiu spcecnes finoly exeoutod ; while those witli his wifo wero true, in every way nntural, and cpuscqnontly artistic. His eleotion soono waB admirable ; and wo havo onao agaiu an opportunity of oxpros- sing an opinion that Mr. Ilcsford is among tho vory beBt aotors wo have on' the aoionia! bonrds. Wo can speak no less warmly of Mr. T. C. Mortyno's Colonel Hilton. Ho playod throughout carefully, uollootcdly, and well, and gave a finished full-length portrait of tho nrnnflomnii villain, mnlfinrr liiu Invn fni T.txAtt Wilder to appear through all his villainy ns the motive powor of hiB ruscality. Mr. A. B. Clinton was an oxoelleut Sir Charles Frankloy, dead letter perfect; playing tho part of a mentor without being pedantic. As for Mr. J. J. Konnody's Arobibald MoQuirk, it was tho Scotch villain to porfcetion — accent, bye play, to tho life ; ho carriod tho house with him from boginniug to end, und altogetlior it was ono of the best pieoos of trngio-comic aoting we havo witnessed for many yours. Last, but far from least, was Mr, J. A. Pattorson's Sampson, alias Quiok Diok, the supposed idiotio olork, and tho smart, shrewd groom— cbaraoters as widely apart as poBsiblo, but both quito up to tho mark. It was ovidont that Mr. Patterson had Btudiod as well as road his part ; ho was applauded throughout, and dosorvodly so, for ho was a " tiger," and a oute one too, it would bo vory diffioult to match. Tho play was woll placed on tho stage, and the soonory by Mr, K. Douglas was oxcollent, and in kebpiag, Tho curtain had to be drawn up at tho oloso of overy not, and tho nuthor had to bow his ac knowledgments boforo a largo and ontbnsiastio audionoo. Tho "Musical Olio" concluded a vory agreoablo evening's entertainment. To night " Lady Audloy's Soorot'' and " Blaok -Eyed Snsan" will bo porformed. Teleqbatii DdfahThbnt. — Wo ore informed that tho following alterations havo taken place in tho Telegraph Department: — Mr. Norrisi from Milohester, takos charge of tho Marl- borough Station, roplaoing Mr. Illidgo, tho presont station master, who is transferred to anothoi station. Mr. Bishop, lately station mastor at Westwood, has been appointed stationmaBtor nt Onnnamnlla, nnd his placo at Westwood will bo fillod by Mr. Gcorgo Eaves, from St Lawreuco, Mb. MTlwbaitii's Statement. —The Troa- error's enunciation of his Finnuoinl Statemont so far as we oan judgo by the sample is j ust what hointendodit should be, delightfully ambiguous. Rut ambiguity is one of tlio proofs of states manlike abilities, it confuses, puzzles, and is apt to make thoso who aro theusolves eon jurors in a littlo way, exoloim 11 What a clover fellow," The Statement loaves much to our imaginative powers — it may moan everything— something or nothing, and if wo mistake not will givo use to muoh awoful disoussion aud torriblo dabato. Wo romombor somo linos of Cartwright's, wbiob will apply : — Lot's licop tliom In drspcrato liupe of understanding us; Kiddles and olouds aid vory lights of speech, I'll veil my cureless nnxloua thoughts, us trvoro, In n porapiclous cloud, tlist so I may Whisper In a loud voloo, aud uvou oo'slleut Wliou I do utter words, All wo can learn to a certainty iB that rotronah- mont polioy is to ho carvod to oxtromos, und that the Darling DownB country only is worthy of having brauoh railways ; a portion of tho loan may be spent upon thorn, but, in othor districts brnnoh lines may bo provided for by ' land grants. As for tho whirl of figures headed by tbo £3,000,000, we oannot uudortuke to bring it into shape- we louve it to our readers and t a onalystio genius of our P.M.G. Hospital.— State of tho Hospital tor tho wook ending Friday Gth Juno :— Admitted daring tho! wook, 9 rnalos, 8 females; die charged, 11 maloB, 2 fomaloa ; Remaining in hospital, 05 moles, 12 fomalos. Total, 77. Fivo patiouts in thojspocial ward. Reqnia v. Pbinob.— Tho result of tho above oaso, trind at our Distriot Court, is anything bnt satisfaotoqy, and looks liko a mlaoarrMfaof Just loo, seoing that when it was founjjJJpi jury oould not agroo and had to bo discharged, a fresh jury should havo boon ompannolled to try tho esse ; and wo aro aurioas to know upon what grounds tho Crown Prosooutor decidod to lot tho samo stand ovor till next District Conrt, unloss it was for the eon- vonionoo of somo person or porsons, notspeoi. fiod by him. The administration of justice, wo tako it, ia by suoh a modo of proooduro not oalonlated to inspiro confidenoo in tho minds of the pnblio. For instanao, tho result of tho adjournment may bo, that tbo saino witnesses may not bo obtainablo at a futuro period, and If obtainablo, will bo provontod from leaving tho district, perhaps to thoir groat personal inconvenionco and loss ; hosidos additions expense will be thrown on tho orodltorB by again having to pay their solicitor to assist in tho proscoution, und expanse will have to bo inourrod by tho dofondant for the sooond trial, all of which would bavo been avoidod, had the Crown Prosooutor oxoroisod his power, nnd uguili |imuuu jfiiauuui uu xiio tiiui aa aau uuguw to havo dono, when he could havo tried him until oithor n conviction or an aoqnittal was nbtaincd. At nil ovants tlio oaso would have ended, and havo shown what the result of trial by jury of the alloged offonces undor tho Insolvony Act wero worth, and whether tho olanscs in tho Aot woro approvod or disapproved of by jnry- mon, and the necessity of any fresh legislation on tho subject, by oithor repealing the seotions in tote or ro-ennoting tho same with mora Itringont provisions. As the enso is subjudiae wo make no comments on its merits at presont, but will have muoh to say on a futuro oooasion about it, aud oiroumstanoos oonnootod with tho trial, whioh might bo injudicious on tho present oooasion. Fbiohtful Suioide. — A dreadful oase of suicido was discovorod this morning at Greavos CafG Royal Hotol. A man named R. S. Stevens, who had reaontly arrived from Sydney to endeavour to find employment under tho Education Department; was touna in ins room, witli his throat cut, porfootly dead. Tho - unfortunate man had formorly beon employed as a school teaohor at Nanaugo, and hud beon in low spirits Binoe his arrival. Ho had beon hoard to express a wish that he oonld return to bis family. This morning, whon a servant went to oall him, no rcspoiiBc was givon to the summons, aud, on looking into the room through a sky-light, ho was soou lying on the bod deluged with blood. Tho police were communicatod with, and the door was forced open, when it baoamo ovidont that he must havo boon doud somo hours. Somo bottles of ohlorodyne woro found, whioh had beon ap parently omptied into a tumbloc and consumed with tho oxcoption of about a teasnpoaful, whilo the ruzor with whioh tho fatujSLVound was inflicted lay close by tho bed. travoral papers — suoh as certificates, records ' of pro motion, &o.;— wero found. Dr. Hobbs was eallodj and pronounood that deutk was caused by a sovoro gash undor the loft ear, which had sevorod all tho artorios. Thore is little doubt that tho unhappy man was inBano at tho timo of tho dood. A loiter was fouud wliiuk stated that tbo writor was not mad, bnt far from it. As a student of Iluxley, Darwin, Tyndall, Clifford, nnd Rain, cum multis alias, ho had eomo to tlio conclusion that man wbb simply tho apex of the auiinul kingdom, aud that t.l.orofovo when tired of life he had a perfect right to lonru it whon ho chose, und that lie was aware that his body would paBS into various gases aud become pnrt of tlio aosmia whole. It also stated that he merely wroto the letter so that thoro should bo no mis conception us to how ho diod. - -Telegraph, Impostebs. — Mr. Monk, of Wombat, must either bo a very uufortunato man, or a very shallow impostor. Ho lius received threaten ing letters, and has boon mado a mark for revolver bullets because of tho readiness ho displayed in giving information to tho police with rospoot to tho Kelly gang. Wo aro told now that ha wus his own " Btioker- up," aud infuroutially asked to bcliovo that he was tho anthor of thoso documents ornamented with a doath's liaad and cross boueH which caused suoh dismay in his homo, nnd whioh conveyed intoliigcnoo to him of a speedy sort of " happy despatch." Tho reason assigned for suoh a oourso is that ho wanted thu Government to lako an unprofitable sawmill off his hands, and compensate him for tho iuaonvODionce whioh he had suffered. The board of enquiry whioh lias boen investigating tho oaso had certainly no ovidenoo adduced boforo it that Mr Monk's affairs wantod bolstering up, and genoral testimony was givon of his uprightness by thoso who had known him for yours. The beBt dofonoo in his favor, I think, is that if ho did all tho things imputed to him ho would havo gone about it iu a moro adroit manner. As regards the bullat.holo in tho saddle having boon fired from an elevation, the uxplanatioa might bo that iu firing at his antagonist. Mr. Monk might huve unoonsoiously hit his saddle flap. Iu such trying moments every inuu is not cool uud oolloctcd. Thero is a worthy gentleman amongst ue who for many yours has roooived a ponsion for a wound received whilo assisting in capturing bush- rangers in tho olden days. It is pretty woll known that tho wound was inflicted by one of his own party standing bobind him, und was tho result of a shaking baud and a hair-trigger pistol.— Leader, 