VICTORIA THEATRE. The Victoria Theatre was largely patronised last night, and the romantic drama "Hermes and the Alchymist," with the droll farce " The Red Lion Inn, or the Missing Ghosts," both of which were performed without fault, and with more than the usual effect, constituted an entertainment of the most varied and interesting description, and one that seemed in every way to meet with the approbation of the audience. Mr. Rainford's vigour and earnestness as the Alchymist, Mr. Jordan's quiet impressiveness as Hermes, the charming grace and vivacity of Miss Mayor's Marie, and the general excellence characterising the efforts to please made by the other members of the company, particularly Miss. Poole, Mr. F. Lawrence, Mr. Whyte, and Miss Morton, seldom failed to meet with their reward in the gratified plaudits of the audience. This programme will be finally repeated to-night, and no doubt a great many will avail themselves of the opportunity thus afforded of seeing an entertainment that will puzzle at the same time that it interests and amuses them, and will invite them to investigation while it imparts instruction. On Saturday " The Bottle Imp" will be produced. This old drama is the work of an experienced and once popular playwright, and is constructed so as to engage the attention upon the leading feature, and a very striking one, with uncommon fixedness. To increase the effect of this prominent idea Professor Pepper has introduced an entirely new illusion, so the work seems to have associated about it all the elements of success, as the various parts are carefully and appropriately cast, it should receive a large share of popularity. This afternoon the second of Professor Pepper's excellent series of scientific lectures on " Light " will be given. It will continue the investigation of the theory of vibration, explain the inflexion and polarisation of light, and deal with the interesting subject, the laws of reflection, and in it allusions will also be made to many other important branches of this extensive subject. The lecture will be illustrated by numerous experiments, and the use of many delicate instruments. 