PROFESSOR WOLFF. BY BUTTON COOK. Chapter L We stood upon tbe old wooden pier at Blanoport, the professor and L The weather had turned inclement and very boisterous ? the year was growing old — for some days, indeed, the wind had been I' blowing great guns," as people said. lnsomncb that the steamboats oarrying tbe mailB eonld not make tbe harbonr, and went helplessly and blindly toBeing and buffeting about the Channel. It was calmernow, how ever ; the lowering leaden sky had brightened somewhat in the morning, and towards even ing coppery gleams broke through the clouds ; the sun was not altogether absent — had not wholly forgotten ns. Still tbe sea rolled and tumbled obstinately ; its passion had abated, bnt it sulked sorely, and every now and then its waveB plnnged and charged at the pier with great impetuosity, till the old barnacled timbers groaned and creaked and trembled beneath our feet. The spray, too, desoendiog in sudden briny showers, did its best to wet us throngh, and to extinguish the professor's cigar. He dearly loved his cigar; he seemed almost to subsist upon smoke, until sometimes I thought that tobacco-juice had somehow penetrated his constitution, coursing through his veins, and imparting to his oomplexion its peanliar tawny pallor — tbe hue of time- stained parchment or of antique ivory. A wide-rimmed felt hat covered his baldest of bald heads, and Bhaded a quaiot, ill-favoured face, hollowed and worn, with glassy black eyes, a large drooping vulturine noee, and a wide coarse-lipped month, only partially hidden by a scanty grizzled beard. He was a very plain man, it must be admitted. A certain look of a bird of prey or of evil omen attended him. He dressed always in rasty blaak ; he was high-shouldered and thick-Bet, hiB lege much bowed ; his feet were of clumsy form, the heaviest of shoes ; he shuffled sb he walked. He spoke good English, bnt with a strong German accent. Some said he was a Polish Jew, however others declared him a Hungarian, or de scribed him vaguely as a Sclav. Hie name, according to hie own statement, was Stanislas Wolff ; he further represented himself to be a professor. For some time I had accounted him a conjuror, or performer of feats of legerdemain, travelling about the Continent, and presenting his entertainment wherever there seemed a prospect of a remunerative public. But I was mistaken on that head. There was eome symptom of activity visible on board the little sorew Bteamer, the Petrel, moored alongside the pier. ' The packet is to start again to-night, it seems," eaid the professor, puffing at his cigar, and at the same time struggling with his cloak, whioh, caught by the wind, flapped round and about him in a wing- like way, much enhancing his general resemblance to a bird. " Shall you venture to cross to-night ?" " No," I answered, rather shortly ; " I ehall not go in the Petrel," I had been talking of my departure as imminent for some days past still my presence in England was not a matter of absolute necessity. There was no reason why I should run any useless riBk ; and the weather had certainly not been inviting to a traveller npon whom a short sea-voyage even in propitious weather inflicted many qualms and pangs. I remained, therefore, an inmate of Madame Berthier's boarding-house, Hue de la Paix, Blanoport. Of course, what was knuwn as "the season" at Blancport was over. Bathing from the sands was now completely out of the question ; and Blancport really seemed to exist but for the sake of its bathers otherwise, people landing from theeteamboate simply passed throngh the place, or come to it by railway to embark and vanish. They made no etay, but proceeded inland or aoross tbe water as quickly as might be. The number of Madame Berthier's boarders was much reduced j we were, in truth, a very small party now at the table d'hOte. I was, I think, tbe last representative of England ; one by one my compatriots had all departed. In addition to the professor, I need only mention, among the other inmates of the establishment, a certain M. Fondrioonrt, understood to be a negotiant from Paris, and Madame de Merinville. We had all been eome time in the honee, and were npon agreeable, almost intimate terms. The continuance of wet and etormy weather had kept no mnob indoors, throwing as together, and constraining ns, as it were, to contribute to the general stock of comfort and entertainment. " Do you know," said tbe professor, tum- iogjto me rather abroptly , and with a curiously earnest manner, ' I think if I were yon I would go to-night, whatever the weather may be ?" "I don't understand," I said. "Why shonld I go 1 What ia it to you whether I go or stay I Why do you speak to me in this tone !" " For your good. Bnt I am wrong, very likely. I am rude j only sometimes one mnBt be rude, downright rnde, if one would be understood. Bnt, as yon say, what is it to me whether you go or stay? Nothing— of course it is nothing." "Ton think I cannot take care of myself ?" I had soma suspicion of his meaning. " Well ; yon are strong, yon are brave, I doubt not ; you are young, yon ere gtwd looking, yon are clever, bnt — yon will forgive me for Baying it — yon are at times rather Btnpid ; in short, yon ore a thorough English man. Ton are here in Blanoport. Yon remain here, week after week — for why ? — I declare 1 don't know. Do yon » To recruit yourself or your finances ?— for repose ? — for your amusement? Again you will tell me it is nothing to me— no business of mine." " I am here, and I etay hero, because I choose," I said blnntly. "That is an Englishman's reason. I may add, it iB not an edifying, or a convincing, or a sufficient reason. Ton are angry with me. Well, that la a pity, for I mean yon no harm : I would serve yon, if I could. I grow old ; I have Been much of the world; I have suffered a good deal. £ am of sympathetic nature, however ; and when I see a poor moth hovering about the flame of a candle, singeing its pretty wings, resolute to destroy itself — well, I am tempted either to blow out tbe oandle or to remove tbe motb," " And yon think I am a motb T" " In a figurative sense — yes." "And the oandle is " "Ab, my dear friend, need yon aBk? When themoth is a man, tbe candle is always a woman." He referred, of oourse, to Maaame as Mdrinville. I eonld not pretend to mieander- stand him. I felt that my cheeke were flushing rather angrily. " Yon are unjust — cruelly unjust," I said, " to a very amiable lady." " Are yon quite sure of that ?" he asked sharply. " Do yon know so mnoh of this lady, her history and antecedents, that yon are qualified to be her advocate and champion 7" 1 was silent for a moment The bet was, I knew little enough of Madame de Mfirinville. "I have heard something of her history, I said rather infirmly. " I understand that she has not led a very happy life; that her experiences have been sad — even painful." ' That ia a little vague, is it not f "Naturally she has not oared to dwell upon such a subject, or to discuss it" " Even with yon?" "Even with me, if yon like to put it in that way. I have never invited her to eon- verse npon topics likely to distress her ; no gentleman would." Alter a pause 1 added : "She b the widow of a oolonel of artillery. With a carious backward wave of bis band In tbe air, tbe professor - signified oontempt- nons incredulity. "There are eo many colonels of artillery, be eaid, and they leave eo many widows." " She is very beaatifnl," 1 urged. " Well, yes, she is beaatitnl," he admitted. "That ie the worst of it The ugly are always safe and harmless. I speak of what I know ; for I am myself ugly enough, as yon see." "May we oot agree to admit tbe beauty of de M&invlUe;, and so close the diBOusdou !" 44 Yes; if yon are content to admire amply, and pass on your way. Yon know tbe jeweller's shop in the fine de Cfc&teau; ? There is a diamond ring in tbe window— a lovely thing ; it is said to be worth twenty thousand fmnoe. I aiwaye atop to look at it as I go by. But I ask for nothing more than that ; 1 don't seek to wear that ring npon my llttie fiiigeiv «id cany it away from the shopb There are always iron bars and a thick sheet of plate-glass between me and the diamond. Can yon not admire Madame de Merinville upon the same terms? She is tteantifal, ss yon say ; no question about it. Be it so. Ssy good-bye to her, and cross to- oight in the Petrel. Let the Channel flow between yon and this beaatifnl creature. Believe me, it will be beat ; it will be safest. n 4 4 Why do yoadistrnst this lady? What do yoo know to her prejudioe ?" 44 Nothing ; let that be understood. I am withont positive information on the subject. I am governed, it may be, by an instinct, an intuitive perception ; oall it what yon wilL But there iB something iu her faoe " 44 It is a lovely face, crowded with exquisite curls and ooils and plaits of golden hair." ,4 That ia true ; and hair ia such an adorn- ment, Buch a disguise ! If she were but bald !" J" What ! you wish that she was bald !" 44 My friend, if she were bald, I should see her bumps. Tbey would tell me all." 44 You are a professor of phrenology ?" I asked, after a moment's reflection had sug gested to me bis meaning. 44 1 am a professor of oatural philosophy ; but I have studied many sciences, phrenology among them. Iu vain, it seems, so far as you are concerned. You will not heed my warning." 44 Madame de Merinville has other admirers besides myself." 44 Yes ; she will not really miss yon mnoh." But that was not what I meant. 44 Even you yourself, professor." 44 My friend, is it possible that you do me the honour to be jealous of me? What an Englishman you are 1" 44 And there is M. de Fondrioourt." 44 Yes ; there is M. de Fondricourt. You despise him ? Let me say again, what an Eogliehni.au you are 1 But the wiud is cold. My cigar is out. It grows dark. Let us go back. It is nearly dinner-time ; and, let me say again, I will serve you if I can — eveD against your will and iu spite of yourself I will serve you — since you have quite decided lhat you will not oross iu the Petrel to-night. " Chapter IL I made up my miud that the professor was something of a charlatan, meddlesome and conceited, however good- natured and well intentioned. It was obvious to me, moreover, that be loved Madame de Mdriuville, and was anxious for my departure because I stood in bis way, hindering his advance iu tbe lady's good graces. That was the rational explana tion of hie pressing advice to me to croBS in the Petrel whatever the weather might be. He needed my absence to serve hiB own ends. He was old, but not so very old, and he was certainly ugly ; but, without doubt, tbe ugly are capable of loving; maybe, are even specially ensceptible of the tender passion. He called himself professor of natural philosophy ; he had studied phrenology, and had formed some absurd notion about Madame de Msrinville's bumps ! How ridiculous tbe whole thing was 1 Sorely tbe man was a little crazy— perhaps more than a little, A phrenologist ? I remembered then that there was a singular look about bis large, yellow, claw-like hands. His loog bony fingers were always outstretobed, curved, apart from each other, as though ready at ooce to start investigating heads, searching aod feeling for bamps 1 It woald be too much to say that I loved Madame de Meriuville ; bnt I own j that I admired her, and that something of tender ness leavened my admiration. If this was weakness ou my part there was good excuse for It. In tbe general opinion Henrietta de Merinville was a woman to be adm red, even tenderly. She had been aooonnted by a large majority quite tbe belle of Blancport, Amoog Madame Berthier's boarders a sort of enthusiasm bad prevailed iu regard to Henrietta de Merinville. It was true that she could not boast perfect regularity of feature, that she did not own stature and presence to the tragedy-queen order. She was one of those women who captivate rather by surprise than by storm ; who do not take forcible possession of one's love because of the commanding and striking nature of their charms, but creep quietly into the heart and nestle there securely for ever — or for a good long time, at any rate. She was, in truth, a little creature, plumply com pact of figure, with exquisitely small and shapely hands and feet ; her complexion was of darling fairness, her month a rosebud. Of her lustrous and abundant bair something baa already been said. Her manner was very charming indeed. With perfect composure, calmness, and self-command, she could yet, upon occasion, be delightfully arch, vivacious, and mirthful, allowing now and then, especially io the evening, when the moonlight turned the 6ea to silver, a certain air of melancholy to tinge with romance aod poetry her mien and discourse. Unquestionably her life bad oot been wholly happy ; sorrow bad been hers iu the past. She did not Bay much ou this head, however ; and no one else was able to be explicit. Id regard to the late Colonel de MiriuviUe, however, I did not hesitate to form a very severe and condem natory opinion. It was plain that she was accustomed to admiration, and, presumably, it gratified her. She made no effort to obtain it ; certainly she laid no Bnares for it ; she received it almost with indifference. It was hers eo modi as a matter of right that she seemed to enter into no question concerning it, to give it no sort of thought, indeed. Homage was paid to her almost necessarily, because of her remarkable natural gifts and graces. Even when Madame Berthier's establishment bad been quite full of boarders there had been tbe same recognition of Madame de Merin- vill's superiority of charms Meantime her condoot had been quite irreproachable, exemplary even. There bad been gossip about her ; under the circumstances, that was unavoidable. No doubt eome had mingled love with their admiration ; idle rumors spoke of offers of marriage made to her. But no one could truthfully claim that his attentions bad been exceptionally viewed by Madame de Merinville. that bis suit bad found any very special favour in her eyes. K any of the boarders, influenced, perhaps, by Madame Berthier's vin ordinaire, addressed Madame de Merinville iu terms or tones of too lover-like a quality, she calmly but re solutely put the speech away from her with a graceful wave of her white hand and a de precatory glance of her hazel eyes — the while a smile, partly perhaps compassionate, partly contemptuous, played about the pretty lines of her red lips. Certain of her critics, to be found only amoog her own sex — tbe men were her devotees — suggested that she was simply waiting and watching for a wealthier second husband than she was likely to find among Madame Berthier's boarders. Bot that seemed a vindictive and essentially feminine view of the case ; the outcome of envy, malice, and nocliaritableness generally. At tbe risk of being reckoned a coxcomb I mast say it seemed to me that Madame de Mdrinville rather liked me ; I prefer to avail myself of a tame expression lest I sbonld be thonght to over-state the case in my own favour. As I judged, my attentions — tbey were not excessive, good taste always governed them — were decidedly agreeable to her; She welcomed me 'with smiles, she appeared to find pleasure in conversing with me ; she demonstrated a kindly curiosity in regard to me and to English manners aod customs, wayB of life, &a.; She listened with evident interest, asking many questions, and spoke of her intention to cross the Channel at an early date to pay a visit she had long oontemplated to my native country, only she ao disliked the very thought of the aea voyage ! When we parted, I was conscious — I could not be mistaken npon suoh a subject —that she bad pressed my hand with decided cordiality. Altogether it was not eo surprising that I did not follow the professor's counsel aud oross in the Petrel. 1 waited the chance of a smoother passage and a change in the wind. Madame de M€rinville might then be voyaging to England, and it would be in my power to be of service to her ou the jonmey. Ab the professor had rudely remarked, I was 44 young, and at times rather stupid." Chapter IIL £ hated M. Fondrioourt; and, as I be lieve, be did not approve of me. The man was not a gentleman or anything ?ilf« a gentleman, and he was odiously per eistent and pronounced in the attentions he paid to de Merinville. He greeted her always with servile bendiogeand bowings, with insinuating unctuous smiley and mincing whispers. He was ever ready with coarse compliments and vulgar adulations. He was an elderly -dandy, straggling to pre serve his figar and to exhibit as mnoh of a waist as hiB decidedly oorpnlent tendency woald permit. .He was wrinkled, and, I tbiok, rouged ; his moustache was dyed, he wore a wig, and hit large, red, ill-ahaped hands were coated with almond paste, or otherwise ooametioiaed. He was liberally perfumed with bergamot. He displayed much jewellery, including a heavy gold repeater watch, which he described ak a testimonial — he was the kind of man to be proffered a testimonial ! — and he was manifestly rich in velvet waistcoats, eatio scarves, and bright cravats. His iacqaered boots — his feet were of enormous size — creaked noiBly as he walked. I cannot ssy that M. Fondricourt gave the other boarders much reason to complain except on accoont of his persecution of Madame de Merinville with bis ridiculous pretensions and addresses. He posed him self always as her firm friend and devoted admirer.. He would gladly, it Beemed, have been considered her accepted suitor. He watched her with admiring eyes in cessantly ; he listened with' an affectation of fond reverence to every word she let fall ; be followed her like her shadow ; he manoeuvred to sit next to her at dinner and in the drawing-room afterwards ; he Bought every opportunity of engaging her in conversation. Otherwise be was silent enough, and of unobtrusive manner. I concluded that bis commercial parsuits furnished him with few topics he could discuss in general society ; that he was in eome degree conscious of his own deficiencies, and prudent enough, by holding his tongue, to keep tbeni out of eight as much as possible. To Machine de Meriuville I felt persuaded his advances and attentions must be particularly odious ; £ did not doubt for a moment that she really disliked him exceedingly, the while her regard for politeness and tbe proprieties constrained her to suppression of her real sentiments on the subject, and enabled her to encounter and endure him with an appearance of com posure aud patience. You doo't like M. Fondricoart," said the professor to me cue day. 44 You even detest him ; that is too evident by the ex pression of your faoe. He is vulgar, aud he wears very noisy boots. True. All the same he ia not a fool ; and sometimes he walkB about very quietly in list slippers. I met him at twelve o'clock last night iu the balL I thought it was a ghost ; but it was Fondricourt. He is not a fooL" Chapter IV. After dinner I vectored out for a brief stroll and a cigar. But it was not a pleasant night. The wind wab still blusterous, attacking one rudely at the corners of the streets, still pressing upon tbe square ioch, astbeecientifio have it, with very considerable severity. Upon my return I found the professor discoursing learnedly in the drawing-room. He had almost a lecturer's air. Madame de Meriuville sat listening upon the Bofa ; M. Fondricourt had secured a position close beside her. Other of tbe boarders were present ; and meek, anxious, industrious Madame Berthier. I stole to a seat. Tbe professor, it appeared, had been led to speak of physiognomy. 44No; I will not regard it as a soience absolutely," he was saying ; 44 that would be to assign it too great oertainty and import ance. But, assuredly, a correspondence exists between the expression of the faoe and the habits of the mind. So much or so little we may learo from tbe most ordinary observation of those aboat us. The oouotenance reveals tbe sentiments. Persistence iu a certain traio of thongbt tends to give to features permanent character, and what are oalled tricks of face. If I might for a moment venture upou a personal illustration of my remarks, I would invite attention to tbe besnriful oouotenance of the very charming lady upon the sofa — Madame de Marinville." 44 Ob, please don't," she interposed, with a smile and a gestnre of protest. 44 Forgive me for one moment only, my dear madams. You will cote," he con- tinned, turning to us, 44 that madame is inclined to be gently satirical ; she observes tbe foibles of her friends, and koows how to rally them thereupon — always pleasao ly ; she recogoises the weaknesses of society, and smiles at them. That is very pretty. Satire is tbe spice of conversation. Ridi- cuie promotes gaiety. But this habit of thought produces a slight carve in tbe upper lip — its elevator muscle gains in power and size by beiDg so frequently called into action. So, too, may I say that there is a trace of au indentation upon m&dame;'s fair forehead ; a tendency of tbe brows to contract? Madame is given to observe and ponder : these are the results. While her exquisite vivacity of expression — a thousand pardons, dear madame, for the liberty I take — ie surely due to her constant alertness of mind, her rapid intelligence, constant movement is thus lent to the facial muscles — openness to the eye, and vividness to the glaoce. While, ou the other hand, where tbe thoughts are rarely rouBed to active efforts, where a habit of mental sluggishness prevails " — he looked rouod tbe ronm as though seeking a face that afforded example of these remarks, and paesiug by M. Fondricoart after a moment's panee of deliberation, bis eyes settled sig nificantly upon me, very much to my annoyance — 44 where a habit of mental eloggishoeas prevails," be repeated, 44 there is evidence of muscular inertness, of want of what may be called facial exercise : the countenance becomes a blank, meaningless and torpid, or expresses only stupidity, vacuity, inanity. 44 1 fear I grow wearisome," be said after a pause, daring which he had dabbed and pollebed his bald yellow forehead with a red silk handkerchief ; talking had warmed him. I made no sign ; tbe others intimated that they were by no means wearied ; that, on tbe contrary, they enjoyed his discourse. He continued : 44 If I did notfear to oppress and fatigue you I would Bay something, not of physiognomy, bnt of phrenology, or the doctrine of the relations subsisting between tbe faculties of the miud and their appropri ated portions of the brain — their special organs, in fact. As the brain is, so is tbe man ; as the man ie, so is the brain. I bnt follow the teaching of Spnrzheim. I have studied the sabject deeply ; T have, indeed, lectured npon it in tbe chief cities of Earope ; but I have really been able to say little that Sporzheim bad not said before me. Of tbe positive truth of his doctrines, however, I have no kind of doobt. A very slight examination of tbeirpbreoological peculiarities enables me to pronounce authoritatively in regard to the characteristics and peculiarities of individuals. We reckon that there are five-and-thirty primitive mental, faculties. We divide these into moral or affective faculties and intellectual faculties. And these we subdivide: tbe affective faculties into propensities and sentimeots ; the intel lectual faculties into the reflective and tbe ' percep ive. You would understood better, no doubt, if 1 had tbe means before ma of illustrating these remarks." Io a moment, without my consent being invited in the slightest degree, I found the doctor's claw-like tiogera peering through my bair, and dwelling, now here and now there, io 'quest of my organs or bumps. It really seemed for a moment as though my oraniom were a piano, and tbe doctor playing upon it a fantasia that involved many very trouble some finger exercises. I iurgot exactly what he eaid ; but be was not sparing of his quasi -scientific jargon. He expressed some disappointment, I tbiok, con cerning inadequacy of development, and conveyed tbe idea, confound bim 1 that my beat, to judge from the outside of it, was ratUer ill -furnished wittaio, a poorandcommoo- place sort of thing altogether. He credited me with benevolence, veneration, ctutiouao'Sa, eelfresteem, and love of approbation. Bat be seemed to think that I was deficient in con scientiousness, firmness, mirtbfulness or wit, individuality, and mauy other valuable qualities. - He then offered to examine phrenologically others of the company ; but he met w.tb little encouragement. M. Fondricourt refused promptly, ana rather rudely, to be the subject of investigation ; aud the artificial character of his head of hair being uonaidered, his evident disapproval of the professor's search ing fingers was not to be wondered at, Madame Berthier confessed frankly 44 that ehe had fear": moreover, her head was clothed with an obvious front, kept in its place by means of a broad fillet of black velvet. Aod then no one felt mnoh interest in tbe phrenological development of poor Madame Berthier. ' Madame, loan see, is a musician — even a very gifted musician," eaid Professor Wolffj turning to Madame de Merinville. 44 She has tbe oigan of melody or twin Bit note on tbe outer bend of the eyebrow — very strongly 1 developed. Eventuality, and causality, and calculation — these, too, are pronounced. Yes ; aud comparison, and time, aod language. Really a most interesting case. More I cannot ssy. Ladies so arrange their tresses, especially when these have been so abundantly bestowed upon them, that phrenological examination ie rendered very diffioalt." She viewed this as a challenge ; or, perhaps she wished to prove beyond question that her beautiful bair was all her own, and did not come from her coiffeur. She removed a comb, a ribbon, some half dozen pins, and there streamed round her, like a cloud or cloak, a profusion of wavy, glossy, golden hair. She looked perfectly lovely. It was with difficulty I could keep myself from clapplog my bands, as though £ were at tbe theatre, applauding some scenie effort of surprising magnificence. An involuntary murmur of admiration rao round tbe room. In a momeut Professor Wolff seemed to be laving his fingers in a sea of gold : he was examining Madame de Msrinville's bumps. He had bo placed her that she fronted a looking-glass, and be was able therefore to observe the reflection of her faoe, its changes of colour and exoresBion. This Dublic exhi- bition of her hair had brought an exquisite blush into her cheeks. 44 Ah !" he cried, with something of a start and a curious flashing of his eyes ; 44 TbiB is surprising, indeed. I have never met with such a case." He removed his hands, and etood contemplating her face in tbe glass. "Do you know, madame, that you have a very extraordinary development of organs ?" Again his loog bony fingers were lost iu tbe streams of ber golden bair. Then he said solemnly : 44 Happily your station in life my dear madame, removes you from temptatioos to which the poor, tbe buogry, and the suffering are are too often subjected." 44 What does this mean?" she demanded indigoaotly. She rose, and with her hair still flowing about her face, she eyed him almost fiercely ; she seemed like some beautiful animal gazing through a cage of golden bars. 44 No, do not quarrel with science, madame," he replied calmly. 44 You will have enough to do to combat nature. You have certain orgaos, most unfortunately prominent, which denote very distressing propensities. You will forgive my frankness, but is perhaps right that you should know. To be fore warned is sometimes to be forearmed. X find secretiveaesB large, acquisitiveness very large, aud destrnctiveoess most unduly, aod, I will say, even phenomenally promi nent," 44 Absurd ! Your phreoology is rubbish, said Madame de Meriuville angrily. "MonBtrous 1" cried M. Fondricourt, 44 Why, if I mistake uot, the organs you mention are peculiar to quite tbe lowest classes; they denote natural predisposition to crime." 44 They are found among tbe criminal classes, no doubt," explained the professor. 44 Bat they may exist in superior conditions of society. Disposition to crime may stop short of crime absolutely aooomplished ; aud under coble heads of hair may lurk unsus pected most ignoble phrenological organs. That is my experience." He bowed low as he rubbed his claw-like hands together. The party in the drawing room at Madame Berthier's broke up in some disorder. CHAVTEB V. 44 1 hope you are satisfied," said the professor presently, through a thick veil of tobaooo smoke. 4<I am satisfied that you have behaved with great rudeness to Madame de Meriu ville," i replied rather warmly. 4 For all I said and did," he explained, 4aoience is my warrant and justification." "I care nothing about your science; I have do faith io it." 4 4 The young man who cares nothing for science, and bas no faith iu it, is in a bad way — a very bad way. 1 should be sorry to stand iu that young man's shoes. Bat yoa don't mean what you say. It was apleDdid, it was magnificent. There is no other word to use." 44 1 never saw each a beautiful head of hair -—all genuine, too, I observed. 44 For tbe hair — that is something, of coarse — no very great deal, still some thing. But the bamps I all genuine, as you say. In all my experience I have never met -with such bumps. Madame de Merinville will go far unless ehe is stopped io time. By- tbe-bye, have you noticed her bands ?" 44 Yes ; and very pretty hands they are too." 44 They are small, bat they are strong ; and when she is angry — as she was when I told her of her bad bumps — the muscles work and contract as though they were springe of the best steel. A fierce cat or a tigress curves and unsheathes her claws just in that way. My friend, take my advice : pack up your traps as eoon ab you cau and be off. This is no place for yon. Keep at a distance from this Madame de Merinville as she calls herself." The professor spoke with extraordinary earnestness. I really thought he was crszy. That was tbe only explanation I could find for hie strangely excited manner. " What !" be cried ; you are still uncon vinced ? What ao Englishman you are 1 So obtaeely obstinate 1 I do believe you are prepared to challenge me to a duel upon Blancport sands simply because I would open your eyes as to this woman, this adventuress, this creature with the bad bumpB !" ' I will not bear each insulting and shameful terms applied to a lady of my acquaintance— one for whom I entertain the sincerest regard." "And yon would really do battle with me — you would risk your life in defence of the fair name and fame of this Madame de Merinville ? It is very chivalrous j it isalso very absurd. But tbe chivalrous aod the absurd are often one. Well, I will say no further word of this charming lady of your acquaintance. We will suppose— I will grant for tbe sake of peace and quiet that she is all you fancy her. Ooly please keep your eyes and ears open. And— I may say a word of M. Fondricoart ? Your chivalry doeB not take up arms on bis account f' 44 Say what yon will about bim. M. Foodricourt may defend himself. I am not going to fight his battles." 44 Happily, he is quite capable of defendiog himself: at least, that is my impressioo. Did you observe bim while I was dis coursing npon znadame's bamps ? No ; you could ooly observe her beauty. But 1 could study bis reflection in the glass ; he did not know bow closely I was studying him. Here is something straoge about the man. He is oot what he seems to be— what be wonld have ns think bim. I have likened madame's movement of her bands to the action of a cat's claws. M. Fondricoart is also like to a est in some respects. They are both of the felloe kind. He has tbe eyes of a cat, keen, cruel, opaline, malign ; and he watched madame very eagerly." 44 He loves bet — he was jealous, per haps." 44 It was not that, I think. Or he loves her ae a eat loves a mouse ; be is jealous ss a tiger would be if one sought to deprive him of bis prey. We shad hear something more of M. JFocdricourL" This was too mnoh. It was plain that tbe professor's miod was diseased. The idea of iovesting tbe vulgar negocisnt Fondrioourt with a romantic or mysterious interest ! What next? 44 You are incredulous, or you are un imaginative. Well, tb»t ie your English w«y. And yoa will oot peck up y«»ur traps sod go? B it so. Those who stay learo the denouement, aud see the uurtaio faU. I have no more to say. I am going to Jight another cigar. There is always cense io a cigar. That is more than one can ssy of all one's fellow oreatures. Good night, my young frieod. Take oare of yourself. That ie always good counsel at any rate. And if y«u w»u jjunuui)' oiccp JUUI wiu qain open, do eo by all means." Chapter VI Tbe wind went down io tbe night, and the morrow showed great improvement in the weather. The sea was still turbulent eoougb, aod beat noisily upon tbe shore ; but there was blue sky overhead, and brilliant sunshine prevailed at intervals. I had been dowo upon the beach, walking amooir the eoattered rucks, which form at low t de a favourite luort of visitors to Blanoport. Suddenly I heard voiese wd recognioed fmmiil.r tones. A.o irregnlmr pile of rocks parted me from Madame de Merinville aud M. Fondrioourt. I stood listening — how ooald I help lis tening' They spoke distinotly— loudly, indeed. They were not Interchanging tender speeches or lovere whiepers — eo mnoh was very certain. And they were nnooncione of my approach— they believed themselves to be quite alone and unobserved. " Yon mean that I have no alternative ?" asked Madame de Merinville. " That ie exactly what t mean," anewered M. Fondricoart ; bnt he spoke with nnusnal harshness ; it was dear that he bad dropped the air of deferenoe and devotion he bad been wont to assume in addressing the lady, . " Where do yon propoBe to take me ?" " To Paris firat" An elopement? Wai that their intention? It waB incredible— impossible ! " And then I" "Need yoa ark? To the Prefectore of Polio., Bne de Jerusalem ; afterwards to the Conciergerie." " Have yon no mercy f ehe demanded plaintively, with tears in her voice. " None," he eaid brutally. " Have yon ?" Conld thie be the .old affected dandy Fondrioonrt? I climbed quietly np tbe rocke, eo as to be able to peep over withoot being seen. " It's clear that you have forgotten me," he continued. What had beoome of hie old honied accents ? " I don't know yon ; 1 wish I had never seen yoa. Yon are very cruel to me — very insolent — that ie all I know." " Very likely. We are old acquaintances all the eame. And yon cannot really have forgotten Pierre Leronr, ageot of police. Bot my disguise has deoeived many, it ie trne." Ae he spoke he removed hie hat, and lifted a coroer of hie wig, exposiog an undergrowth of short coarse red hair. She shuddered as ebe looked. He was quite a different man ; much younger than I had believed him to be. "Tee; I remember yon— that is, no— have never seen yon. Yon are mis taken ae to my identity. I dispute yonr right to arrest me. I am Madame de Merinville." "There is no mistake. DIepnte or not dispute, I arrest yon. Yon are not Madame de MetinviUe. Toot name ia Jeanne Louise Carrion, aged twenty. five j you are well known at the Prefecture of Police ; yon have been fonnd guilty of theft ; yon have been condemned more than onoe by the tribunals." " Enough, enough 1 I will not listen to yon. I will not go with yon. 1 will pa; yon well — I will give yon all t have — to my last eoa, and yon will say nothing. Yon wlU let me escape 1" "Impossible." " If I refuse go with yon'.F' "I shall compel yoo. My oonrse ie simple." I warn yon that when roused I am terrible. I can bite like a dog— I can scratch like a oat." " If necessary, my dear, I can obtain assistance from the polioe at Blanoport, I have only to say the word. Bnt yon are no novice— yon are an old offender. Yon know that it ia beet to anbmlt. Yon will go qnietly ?" " Well, I will go qnietly I hate a scandal. It ia a pity though. I should have crossed to Eogland to-night. I shonld have made good my escape before, bnt that 1 hate the sea eo. I shonld have gone with that yonng fool of an Englishman for my compagnon de voyage." She langhed contemptuously. I felt that she mast be alluding to me. " My dear," he said, " there was no chanoe of escape. I have been 'watohiog yon carefully for eome time past, while waiting instructions from head quarters. It was a qnestion of sufficiency of evidence — that was all. There ie no looger any doubt In that or any other respect. Yon are my prisoner." "It wae not that foolish Jew professor and his phrenology, then, that betrayed me?" " No ; that was amosing, in its way, and quite convincing ; bat it had little really to do with the qnestion of yonr arrest." " Well, let as go, einoe it mast be so. I conld cry, bnt I know that tears will avail me nothing." " Most assnredly tears will avail yon nothing." ' Don't provoke me — don't drive me mad. When I lose my temper I am oapable of anything — everything." "Yon are capable of a good deal, my dear, even when yon keep yoar temper." "Take care!" ehe eaid, with a sort of fie roe significance, " I am not afraid. Yon forget I mast again remind you that I am Leronr, ageot of police, and yon are Jeanne Louise Carrion, convict, In m; custody. Ton are charged with stealing money, baok notes, diamonds, and wearing apparel of valne. Come ! take my arm, and we will stroll qnietly towards the railway station." "I will go qnietly: please do not betray me to anyone in Blancport." He promised that he wonld not I slant back to Madame Berthier's, uncertain as to whether 1 shonld or shonld not reveal what I bad so accidentally Jearnt. However, I was spared all tronble In tbe matter. From tbe railway-station Madame de Merinville (I am generous enoogh to call her by that name still) despatched a note to Madame Berth! sr, stating that sodden and argent business had summoned her to Paris, and that she had availed herself of her frieod M. Fondrioonrt's kind offer to be her escort on tbe journey. There was some amiliog at Madame Berthier's when tbe onntente of this note became known. It was thonght generally that Madame de Merin ville had certainly eloped with M. Fondri- court. The same night I related the trnth to the professor. I really oonld not keep it any longer to myself. He was mnoh interested. "So Fondrioonrt was a mouchard, was he ? Well, I am not surprised. No wonder he wonld not enbtnit to a phrenological examination. He had a bad face ; I haVe no doubt hiB development wonld have been worse, if possible. There was a low animal conning in his looks ; and he had the green eyes of a cat, Bnt let him take care, or he will find madame a matoh for him, and eometbing more. A very remarkable woman that! A moat interesting and valuable oase, phrenologioally speaking. Secret! ven ess, acquisitiveness, very large ; bnt I have seen like developemente on previous oocaeione — chiefly in convict prisons, however. Bot destrnctiveness— it was splendid ! enormone I magnificent ! as big as my fist, hidden nnder all that beantifal, beaatifnl golden hair. Again, I say, let that moucAnrii take very good oire of himself. I do not envy him his joorney to PariB by tbe side of that charming lady." He turned suddenly to me as he eaid : " Do yon understand destrnctiveness, yonng man ? I tbink not ; happily for yon yoo do not possess that organ— indeed yonr bead ie no great sbakee, aa yoti English say. Bat deetraotivenees mesne marder— that it tbe simple explanation. I repeat, let M. Leronr — miserable ecoQndrel that be is— let M. Leroox take heed of Madame de Merio- viliel" It was strange to read eome two or three days afterwards in a Paris newspaper of a mysterious occurrence on the Great Northern Railway of France. The body of a man bad been discovered In a first of aea carriage. It wae doubtful whether his death was ro he attributed to suicide or m murder. He bad heo fonnd lying prooe at the bottom of the carriage ; a ballet from a saloon pistol had pierood bis braio. Death mnet have been instantaneous, said tbe doctors. Tbe body bad been identified by several witnesses. The dead man was proved to be Pierre JLeroux, ao indoetrione and ingenious agent of police. Hie pockets had oot been rifled. It was tbonght that he had been travelling alone. The matter, aaid the newspaper writer, was involved in mystery— was altogether iuexplioable. There wee no mention of Madame de Merinville. Nor em I able to add another word oonoeruing her. I have never seen or heard any more of her eioce ehe departed ao suddenly from Mademe Berthier's in charge of the man calling himself M. Fondrioonrt. It was clear to me, however, that oertaio of Professor Wolff's observations npon tbe matter had oot beeo so wholly absurd aa 1 had in the first inatanoe been' to believe them. 