::. ;: CATHOLIC EDUCATION. THE THIRD PASTORAL LETTER OF HIS aRA.CE THE ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY. Roger Bedk, by the Grace of God and the favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, Secular -ind Regular, and the faithful of the said Archdiocese, health and Benediction in A the Lord. Reverend and dear brethren, and dear children in Jesus Christ, — Those, and only those who have upon them the burden of the Episcopal office can ? adequately comprehend the responsibilities that press upon our conscience at the present hour. Placed as we have been by the command of the diocese, we become responsible to God for the souls of our people. The thought of the great Accounting-day, when we ? ? ? ? * . shall have to answer for them, ag well as for ourselves, renders us almost deaf to the conten . ? tion of tongues, whilst we are absorbed by the overwhelming anxiety of how we may fulfil our duties, and be faithful to our charge. The mo ;? tives of fear or of despondency which weigh with men who do not realize this thought, produce j . i ' little effect upon a bishop's imagination. His great aim is to save as many souls as possible ; to instil faith, hope, and. above all, love into many hearts ; and to protect, instruct, and warn, in season and out of season, the flock con fided to his care. ' He is the Bishop,' says the 38th Apostolic Canon, ' to whose faith the peo ple arc confided, the account of whose souls wil bo exacted from him.' ; To the Bishop, especially, belongs the supreme duty of preserving the faith in his people. He does not presume to teach them any other creed than tli at which is professed by the Roman Church; and in his actions and instructions he conforms himself, as much as -possible, to the light that he receives from that mother of all the churches, whoso faith has never {failed. His . . ? voice, if he speaks aright, is not the exponent, of tho subjective views of an individual however gifted, but of the doctrines of that society which is spread throughout tho world. When ho condemns, his condemnation is the anathema of thaC teaching body, which, from the day of Pentecost till now, has been as harmonious in , its condemnation of error as persistent in its enunciation of truth. To preach himself, would be . , to preach folly ; to teach his own private views, would bo impertinence : and thoso who would listen to and pin their faith upon him, might well be called priest-ridden and miserably en slaved, The very reverse of this is his glory as it is his vocation. To sink self, fco grasp in all its fulness tho Church's mind,'and. clearly, fearlessly, and calmly to expound it to the people, is the '.. . . object of his life. Thus, in giving ear to him his people are listening to the Church of God not to a mere man : in following his voice with docility, they are docile, not because a fallible creature is instructing them, but because they believe that they are submitting their reason to. tho obedience of faith, and are being guided by a power that cannot, in matters of dogma and morality, lead\istray. Both tho bishop and his \- peoplo are under the same authority : if they submit to Ilia teaching, he equally submits to the same teaching ; for both must submit to truth, ? and truth undefiled and infallible is to be found, they hold with a vital tenacity, in the living voice of the Catholic Church. Thus it is that Catholics are- amused at the ? - efforts of their opponents to dissever them from the Archbishop and Bishops of the hierarchy. Catholics know, when the Bishops meet and issue a joint instruction based upon the universal teaching of the Catholic Church, that that in , struction comes to them with an authority which they cannot but respect. Could the world wedge ? . in between tho hierarchy and the people, the world would then prove itself stronger than the Church. The experiment has repeatedly been made, especially when the doctrines preached promised to entail temporary suffering and per . secution ; and the experiment has just as often failed : the Faith lies latent in the masses of our people throughout the world, and quick as electricity the voice of the Bishop, when he speaks in downright earnest, finds a response in every heart. Obedience and submission, on the one hand, imply authority and jurisdiction on the other. Tho word, ' Take heed to yourselves, and to tho whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost lias placed you bishops to rule tho Church of God ' (Acts, chap, xx., 28), express the Episcopal duty and authority. The words, 'Obey your prelates, and be subject to them ; for they watch, as having to give an account of your souls, that they may do this with joy and not with grieving : for this is profitable for you ' (Ileb., chap, xiii., 17) oxpress tho temper and duty of the people : and thus the Church of God, being a Divine in stitution, the creation of the Holy Ghost, and not the creation of politicians, holds her own, conso lidate her sfcrongfch, and expands her power from ago to ago ; being fashioned not merely for fair weather, but to outlive any storm which the world is capable of stirring up. From time to time the Bishops, who ' watch,' . are in duty bound to lay down principles and recommendations which cross a strong, passing popular current. Though they merely ad dress their ? own peoplo, those outside are moved by their words. Tho ancient effigies, which did good sorvice forty years or fifty year3 ago, arc reclothed, anil set on their logs once more, and tho same class of Christians employ themselves in demolishing them, who, in days gone by, had found relief in a similar occupation. Gradually arms tire and energies flag : and, meanwhile, ' men of good ?will,' having waited for the dust to settle down, begin to consider tho real question — which had boon hidden in a temporary cloud — namely, how can Catholics give their children a thoroughly sound Catholic education, and still not be de prived, because they perform that solemn duty, . . of equal assistance with others for secular results ? Thus tho public mind finds its equilibrium, and gradually regains its. normal tone of calmness, fairness, and good feeling. Finding that the Bishops, urged by the fear of G-od before their eyes, have too solemn a duty to perform, to be silenced by clamour, men begin to listen to them ; and, finally, to their surprise, make the discovery, as was donp after the English ' Papal aggression,' that they would have occupied a somewhat more dignified place in history had they exercised a little more self-restraint. Catholics, however, have been trained to make tho largest allowances for others. They know what early associations and ingrained prejudice can do ; and though a little more culture' would be pleasanter, still they can bear with equanimity fierce and coarse vituperation if it be, a3 it often is, accompanied with sincerity. Some of the most earnest; of our converts were at ono'time as violent agiinst the Church as the most rabid of antagonists ; and many Protostant laymen have been induced to study Catholic Theology, and eventually to join the Church, jui account of their curiosity having been aroused by violent denunciations of her in tho pulpit. It is the duty of Catholics tc exercise the greatest charity towards their opponents. On such occasion as these the training given by the Catholic religion has an opportunity of mani festing itself. To argue calmly and without bitterness, to receive reproach with good humour, to defend and display the truth with un conquerable charity, and to attribute good motives and ' honest purposes wherever it is possible- these are some of the consequences following from the charity of the Gospel, from that new doctrine of love of which Christ was so inimitable an example.' It is vain to expect any power but Christianity to teach or enforce such, charity as this. It springs from a divine fountain, and is only taught' in its thoroughness in the Christian schools. The peace which proceeds from torpor is found in tigers and panthers ; it is riot Christian peace. Chris tian peace is that which- maintains a man in- per fect charity whilst in the midst of intellectual conflict ; and so possesses him that in all lie says and does there is a sweetness which is unmistak ablo, howe vo r vigorously he .may. wield the sword of truth with its sharp point and glittering edge.'.,--- ??' -: '/??'? :' .:; '??'??' . : '; :V7 ??'.'.''?' ' Dearly Beloved, exorcise yourselves continu ally in this Christian and masculine, charity ; do not dishonour the religion of confessors and mar tyrs ; manifest in your lives and in your relations' with your non-Catholic' neighbours the/' spirit of the Catholic Church.,' in her calm utteraiid'6 ''; of truth, and her great' gentleness towards, those ivho differ from her ; and if it '. be your ? duty to say disagreeable things^ say them as sweetly and kiudly as you;, cab: It is in this spirit that we ever hope to act. Wo insist on ; Catholici giving their ?children a thorough Catholic education, because it is. our bounden duty to do so. We point out the dangers to Catholics of Public schools, because we should be prevaricating against our solemn obligations, wore we any longer to Hold our peace. Here, possibly, we may give pain to some ; but it is the pain inflicted by the good physician, whose one desire is to heal the wound. Regarding the effects of. Public Schools on Pro testant children, it was not our place to speak ; indeed, had it been our place to do so, it would have been superfluous, after the trenchant fashion in which Dr. Moorhouse, the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, had already spoken.' His lan guage is many degrees stronger regarding Pro testant children;) going to Public schools in Victoria, than the Catholic Bishops' regarding Catholic children going to Public schools in New South Wale*. And both he and they, as all must well know, were animated, in so speaking, by an earnest desire to serve the community at large. To repay such disinterested kindness by cries of ' libel ' on Pro testant children, seems as disingenuous as it is unmanly, lien with a spark of honest feeling would thank the Bishops for having been at so much pains to speak out, on a matter of such vital national importance. Having, in the joint Pastoral Letter, given you the reasons why secularist education is produc tive of national decay, we shall now proceed to show you, by an example in the concrete, that the universal teaching of the Church is borne out by hard facts and figures. You will then see clearer than ever that the Bishops were seeking your dearest interest in speaking as they did of Catholic children. It seems to be generally admitted at the pre sent day that ignorance and crime go hand in hand ; and that one of the most effectual ways of making a people -moral, and of advancing them in lifo, is to let them have the benefit of the schoolmaster. There is no doubt that one of tho greatest blessings which could bo bestowed on human beings is to inform them with useful knowledge ; and no greater misery well could be imagined than to neglect a nation's education. There is, however, one greater curse- in the world than ignorance, and that is instruction apart; from re ligious and moral training. To instruct the masses in. reading, writing, and arithemetic, and to leave out religion and morality, is to arm thorn with instruments for committing crime. An ignorant criminal is bad enough : but he is harmless compared with an educated criminal. A great deal has been said in tho colony about the crime that proceeds from want of schools : very little about tho still greater amount of crime which is produced by training tho intellectual faculties whilst the will and tho animal passions are permitted to run wild. We have seen how Groat Britain has had the wisdom to encourage various Christian Churches to educate the young in the faith of their fathers. Let us now turn to another great country which has made the experiment of Public Schools. We refer to America. This study will bo all tho more interesting, because our Public schools in Now South Wales are formed much after tho same model; one of tho differences being that in the American system the schools are absolutely secularist, whilst here an hour is granted for religious instruction. So far as Catholics are concerned our Public schools are secularist schools ; the Archbishop and Bishops of this province having too a great respect for their clergy, and too deep a reverence for tho Catholic faith to encourage any priest under their jurisdiction to swell the discord of opposing ministers teaching the jarring doctrines of con tradictory sects. Comparative ignorance is a misfortune, and Icad3 to crime ; but instruction without a thorough religious and moral education, is a calamity, and tends directly to produce criminals of the worst description. Take the six New England states, on the one'hand, namely Massa chusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Con necticut, and Rhode Island ; and on the other, talar the six states of Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Georgia, North Carolina, and .-'outh Carolina. Tho inhabitants of these states came from the same English race, held tho same Protestant religion (except the little state of Maryland), used, the same Protestant Bible, spoke the same language, and had, in the main, the same manners and customs. Here then, we have twelve states standing to- . gether in the race of progress and civilization. They seem to agree in everything except, one thing, and that one thing is their system of edu cation. The six Now England States, over two j hundred years ago, following tho lead of Massa chusetts, introduced the system of 'Public Schools.' ' In New England,' says Kent, ' it lias been a steady and governing principle from the very foundation of the colonies, that it was the right and duty of the Government to pro vide, by means of fair and jusb taxation, for the instruction of all the youth in the elements of learning.' ' The common schools of Massa chusetts,' says Lippincott, 'have been kept up to this day by direct tax and individual subscription, and nowhere in a population of equal extent ha3 a common elementary education being more uni versally diffused.' Now, whilst the six New England States were making an experiment of the Public school sys tem, tiio six otliGi' states refused persistently to do so. Whilst the first six were highly in structed in secular knowledge, according to the Public school system, the second six were less favoured. ifi this respect, rejecting as they did the system of Public schools. '?', For clearness' sake let us call the six New Eng land states the Public school states, and the '. other' six Private school states. In the year .1860,1 tho United States decennial census was taken. The Public school states and the private school states had been following each its own system of education for two hundred years. What light docs tho census throw upon the. Public- school states, as compared with the private school states? It shows, first, that the Public school states were far in advance in soculai' instruction of the private school states. The former numbered 2, 665, SL5 native born white inhabitants: of these o:ily 851-3 adults could neither read nor write. The latter numbered 3,181,969 native born 'whites, of whom 262,802 adults could neither read nor write. So that while in the Public School States tho proportion of illiterate native whites was one to every three hundred and twelve ; in the private school States it was one to every twelve. Here you will perceive at once the triumph of knowledge over ignorance, and the light that the Public School system brings to the intelligence. It would na turally bo thought that the Private School. States were plunged in darkness and decay as compared with their more enlightened sisters, the Public School States. But turn -to statistics of another kind. On the first of June, 1860, the Public School States, with a native white population of 2,665,9i5, had 2459 criminals in prison ; while the Private School States, with a native white population of 3,181,969, had only 471 criminals in prison. Thus tho Public School States had one native born white criminal to every 10S-1 native white inhabitants, whilst the Private Schools States had one to every 6670, being six criminals in the Public School States to one in tho Private School States. The Public School States had one suicide to every 13,285 of the entire population ; the Private School States one to every 56,581. Of those who died of criminal lust the Public School States had one to every 8-1.-.737, the Private ; School States one to every 123,729. According to tho Census Marshal of 1870 the Public School States produced one insane person to every 800 native born inhabitants, whilst the Piivate School States one to every ?I6S2. It is a remarkable fact that Massachusetts, which is the mother of tho Public School system in the States, offers a striking example of tho truth of our thesis. Whilst that State was the most successful of all in educating the masses, it at the very same time, produced by far the largest proportion of criminals — one to every 619 native white inhabitants. T'ko all the States together, and not one amongst them approached Massachu setts as a breeder of a criminal class. Since' 1S60 California has surpassed Massachusetts in this respect, having in 1S70 one criminal to every 512 native born whites. Reviewing this system of Public schools which have proved themselves seed-plots of bo many sorrows and misfortunes and so much crime, a leading American journal, the Alia, declares that if we are to ' judge this system by its apparent fruits we shall have to pronounce it, not only a melancholy, but a most disastrous failure, and that it will bo idle to look for tho cause of the general rowdyism, idleness, and vieiousness of the rising generation anywhere but in the training it has been receiving.' Tho Boston correspondent of the San Francisco Jllorniin/ Call writes (Nov. 15, 1877) to this effect : ' The rapid progress of ?knowledge peculiar to the Educational system of this State has led to tho erection of two more State prisons, one of which for women was suc cessfully opened a few days ago, tho number of racked females who knocked for admission being forty-four. Present indications point towards the rapid filling up of this new institution in a few months.' The report of the California State prison and State prisoners for the two years end ing June 30, 1S77, strtes that 'in fact an^ong the younger convicts they can all read and write.' Dr. Moorhouse knew- what he .wao talking about when he said to tho peoplo of Victoria, that without a religious education ' religion will nar row down into a weak superstition, and morality into a mere calculation of consequences. Your boys will sink into mere animals, admiring vice for its courage or its smartness. They will be come not good, wise, self-denying men, but larrikins, or sympathisers with ruffians like the. Kellys. .Choose, my friends, which will you have,— -a religious or secular education ! You cannot have both. If you bring up your children without the moral and religious element in their character, you cannot add it afterwards. It is a whole without that element, and you can ho more aftorwai'ds chango it than you can add 3ome coloured thread that hag been left out in the weaving of a fine Indian fabric, without pull ing the fabric to pieces. You may choose your course, but you cannot choose the consequence of that course. If you sow secularism you will reap irreverence and immorality : if you cow folly, you will reap misery.' Dearly beloved, whether the great apostacy will have its way or no in this colony remains to be seen. One thing, any how, is certain : that tho Archbishop and Bishops exercising jurisdic tion in New South- Wales will resist it to the last, . and with all their might. And whether they succeed or fail in their endeavour to avert a great national calamity, they will be conscious that, heedless of clamour, they spoke boldly out and warned their people with the vigour of an unmis takable sincerity, against a system which is cal culated to dechristianize society, and to rob a great nation of tho highest elements of manhood. History Avill record, for the instruction of future ? generations, that the Archbishop and Bishops in the colony, following the guidance of tho universal Church, were true to their great trust ; and embodying, in a formal document, the true principle of national prosperity, con demned with emphatic anathema, princi ples of national corruption. In these our days wo are creating the history of the future. On those who rule now, or exercise moral influence, depend the future prosperity and . greatness of the nation. We mean to do our humble part, acting on principle, and acting with vigour. Our people, if we can prevent it, shall not be carried off by the current. It all the more behoves Catholics to fortify themselves in Christianity, in proportion as the world ia gradually rejecting it ; and, whilst others are - hurried away by the gulf-stream of infidelity, we shall stand firm on the adamantine rock of the Catholic Faith. At all hazards, then, dearest people, bring up your children thorough Catholics. Steep them during childhood, and youth if possible, deep in the Catholic faith. Make them conscious of the burden they will have to bear ; and teach them to feel pride in the thought that they are des» ? tined to do their part in keeping alive that glori- I ou3 religion which drew Europe out of barbarism j and darkness into light, and which, if God so j please, will yet help to render this Australia of j ours one of the greatest nations of the earth. Dearly beloved : ' Remember your prelates who have spoken the word of God to you ; whose faith follow.' (Heb. chap, xiii, 7.) 'Bo sober and watch ; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, goeth about seeking whom he may devour ; whom resist ye strong in faith.' (I Peter, chap, v, 8-9.) ' And may the Lord make you abound in charity towards one another, and towards all men, as we do also towards you : to confirm your hearts without blame, in holiness, before God and our Father, at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all His saints. Amen.' (I Thes., chap, iii, 12-13.) Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches and chapels of the Archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, September 7, 1879. f Roger, Bede, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. 