— — — — — —V MY MIDNIGHT PERIL- The night of the 17Ui of October — sliall-I ever forget its pitchy darkness, tho roar of tho autumnal wind through the lonely forest, and the incessant downpour of tho rain ? This comes of short cut3, " I muttered petu lantly tomysolf, as I plodded along, keeping cIoro to tho trunks of tlio treos to avoid tho ravine, through which 1 could hoar the roar of the turbulent etream forty or fifty feet below. My blood ran cold as I thought what might bo the possible consequence of a misstep or a move in the wrong direction. Why iiad I not been contented to keep in the right road 3 Hold on I was that a light, or are myjeyes playing false ? 1 stopped, holding on to tlio low resinous boughs of a hemlock that grew on the edge of the bank, for it actually seemed that the wind would seize me bodily and hurl me down the precipitous dosoent. _ It was a light— thank Providence— it was a light, and no ignis fatuus to lure me on to de struction and death. " Halloo.O'O !" My voice ran through the woods liko a clarion. _ I plunged out through tangled vines, dento briers and rooky banks, until, gradually ncaring, I could perceive a figure wrapped ill an oil-cloth cape, or clonk, carrying a lantern. As the dim light fell upon his face I almost re coiled. Would not solitude in the woods ba preferable to tho companionship of this withered, wrinkled old man 2 But it was too late to recede now. "What's wanting?" iie snarled, with a pecu liar motion of tho lips that seemed to loavo his yellow teeth all linro. " I am lost in the woods; can you direct mo to R station 2" "Yes, R station is twelve miles from here." "Twelve miles 1" I stood aghast. "Yes." " Can you tell me of any shelter I could oh- tain for the night?" " No." ''Whero aro you going !" ' To Drew's, down by tho maple swamp," " Is it a tavern 2" " No." "Would they take me for tlio night 2 I could pay them well." His eyes gleamed ; the yollow stumps 3tood revealed once more. "I guess so ; folks do stop there." "It is not far from here 2" "Not very ; about half a mile." "Then make haste and let us roach it. I am drenched to the skin." We plodded on, my companion moro than keeping pace with me. Presently we left the edge of the ravine, entered what seemed like a trackless wood, and keeping straight on until the lights gleamed fitfully through tho wet foliage. It wns a ruinous old place, with the windows all drawn to one side, as if the foundation had settled, and the pillars of a rude porch nearly rotted away, A woman answered my fellow traveller's knoolc. My companion whispered a word or two to her, and she turned to me with smooth, voluble words of welcome. She regretted the poverty of their accommo dations, but I was welcome to thorn, such as thoy were. " Where is Isanc 2" demanded my guide. " Ho has not como in yet." I Sat down on a wooden bench beside tho firo, and ate a few mouthfuls of broad. " I should like to retire as soon as possible," I said "for my weariness is oxcessive. " Certainly," The woman started up with alacrity. " Where are you going to put him 2" asked my guide. " Up chamber." " Put him in Isaac's room," " No." " It's the most comfortablo." " 1 tell you, no I" But here I interrupted the whispered col loquy. " 1 am not particular — I don't care whore you lodge me, only make haste." So I was conducted by a steep ladder that stood in the corner of the room, into an apart ment ceiled with sloping beams and vontilated by one small window, while a eot bedstead, crowded close against the board partition, and a pine tabic, with two or throe chairs, formed the sole attempts at furniture. The woman set the light— an old oil lamp- on the tabic. " Anything more I can get you, sir 2" " Nothing, thank you." "I hope you'll sleep well, sir. When shall I call you?" " At four o'clock in the morning, if you please. I must walk over to R' station in time for tho seven o'clock express." " I'll be sure to call you, sir." She withdrew, leaving me alone- in the gloomy little apartment. I sat down and looked around me with no very agreeable sen sations. " I will sit down and write to Alice," I thought, "that will soothe my nerves and quiet me, perhaps." I descended the ladder, tho fire still glowing redly on tho hearth beneath ; my companion and the woman sat beside it, talking in a low tone, and a third person sat at the table eating — a short, stout villainous-looking man, in a red finnnel shirt and muddy trousei'3. I asked for writing materials anil returned to my room to write to my wife. " My darling Alice—" I paused and laid down my pen as I con cluded the words, half smiling to think what siie would say could she know of my strange quarters. Not till both sheets were covered did I lay aside my pen and prepare for slumber. As I folded my papor I happened to glance toward the couch. Was it tho gleam of a human eye observing me through the board partition, or was it my own fancy 2 There was a crack there, but only blank darkness beyond, yet I could hare sworn that something had sparkled balefully at me. I took out my watch — it w as one o'clock. It was scarcely worth while for me to undress for three hours' sleep. I would lie down in my clothes and snatch what slumber I could. So, placing my valise close to the head of my bed, and barricading tho luckless door with two chairs, I extinguished the light and lay down. At first I was very wakeful, but gradually a soft drowsiness seemed to stenl over mo like a misty mantle, until, all of a sudden, some startling electric thrill coursed through my veins, and I sat up, excited and trembling. A luminous softness seemed to glow through the room— no ligdit of the moon or stars was ever so penetrating— and by the window I saw Alice, my wife, dressed in floating garments, of white, with her long, golden hair knotted back by a bluo ribbon. Apparently she was coming to mo witli outstretched hands, and yes full of wild, anxious tendernes. I sprang to iny feet and rushed toward her, but as I reached the window the fair appara- tion seemed to vanish into the stormy darkness, and I was left alone. At the self-same instant the sharp report of a piBtoi sounded. I could see the jagged stream of fire above the pillow truight through tlio very spot where ten min- ntss since my head had lain. With an instantaneous realization 'of my danger I swnng myself over the edge of the window, jumped some eight or ten feat inte tangled bushes below, and aa I crouched there neoevering tuy breath I heard the tramp ef footsteps into nay room. " Is lie dead? cried a voice up the ladder— the smooth deceitful voice of the woman with the half-closcd eyes. " Of course ho is," growled a voice back, " that charge would have killed ten men. A light there, quick; and tell Tom to get rendy." A cold, agonised shudder ran through me. What a don of midnight murderers had I fallen into ! And how fearfully narrow had been my escape ! With tlio spoed that only mortal terror and deadly poril can give, I rushod through tho woods, now illuminated by a faint glimmer of starlight. I knew not what impulse guided my footsteps— I never shall know how many timos I crossed my own track, or how close I stood to tiie brink of tho deadly ravine; but a merciful Providence encompassed me with a guiding and protecting care, for when tlio morning dawned, with faint, red bars of orient light against the stormy eastern sky, I was close to the high road, somo seven miles from R . Once at tlio town, I told my story to tho police, and n detachment was sent with me to the spot. After niuqh searching and many falso alarms, we succeeded in finding tlio ruinous house ; but it was ompty — our birds had flown; nor did I recover my valise and watch nnd chain, which latter I lnul left under my nillow. "It'sDrow'e gang," snid the loader of tho polico, "nnd they've troublod us thoso two years. I don't think, though, thoy'il como back here just at present." Nor did thoy, But the strangest part of my story is yet to como. Some throe woeks subsequently I ro- wived ft lottei1 from my sister, who was with — — - i ">» Alice in her English home — a letter whose in telligence filled me with surprise. " I must tell you something very, very stranpo," wrote my sister. " that happened on tiie night of tlio 17th of October. Alice had not been well for some time, in fact, she had been confined to her ped for nearly a week, and I was sitting beside her rending. It was late— the clock had just struck one — when nil at oncoslio seemed to faint away growing whito and rigid as a corpse. I hastened to call assist ance, Jmt all efforts to restore animation were in vain. I was just about sending for tho doctor, when her senses returned ns suddenly ns they had left, and she sat up in bed, pushing up her hair and looking wildly around her. " 'Alice,' I exclaimed, 'how vou have terri fied us all? Arc you ill 2" '"Not ill,' she answered, but I feel so strango. Grace, I have been with my husband 2" " And all our reasoning failed to convince her of the impossibility of her assertion. She persists to this moment that she saw you and was with you on the 17t.li of October— or rather on the morning of the 18th, Where and how, she cannot tell, but we think it must have been a (lrenm. She is better now, nnd I wish you could see how fast she is improving. This is my plnin, unvarnished tale. I do not pretend to explain or account for its mysteries. 1 simply relate facts. Let psychologists un ravel the labyrintliical skein." I am not super stitious, neither do I believe in ghosts, wraiths nor apparitions ; but this tiling I do know- that, although my wife was in England in body on the morning of the 18th of October, her spirit surely stood before me in New York in the moment of the deadly peril that menaced me. It may be that to the subtile instinct and strength of a wife's holy lovo all things aro possible; but Alice surely saved my life. 