UNDER ONE ROOF: AN EPISODE IN A FAMILY HISTORY BY JAMES PAYN. Author of "Lost Sir Massingberd," " By Proxy," tcc. CHAPTER XLVIH. THE GHOST HI COVBMT QA.SDBN. The importance of the confession of Annabel Spence had not been overrated by Mr. Dyneley. In Mr. Sturt's opinion, or rather - in that of hifl counsel, it afforded Ample grounds for disputing the late Sir Robert's will, if not for a criminal prosecution of Ferdinand Walcot. The latter measure was out of the question, as that astute gentleman had withdrawn himself from British jurisdiction; but the proceedings were at once initiated in the former matter. Walcot had really told the truth to Mr. Raynes when he said that the Hal combe Estate had not yet been disposed of. For some reason or other he had been in no hurry to realize the landed property that had fallen to him, and formal notice was given to the solicitors he had appointed in place of Mr. Hay ling, not to part with the title-deeds, the ssme having been obtained by fraud. These gentlemen, a most respectable firm, replied-that the title-deeds were not in their possession, and that foe the present they were unable to communicate with their client, who had gone abroad without leaving his address. " We know more about the gentleman then than they do," observed Mr. Sturt triumphantly when he received their epistle; for he had at that moment a telegram in his desk from Mr. Bevill, with a certain address at Christiana. He wss much more hopeful about getting back the estates for Gresham—to whom, as next of kin, they would revert in case of the will being made void—than that young gentleman was himself. " Why I have not yet received even my poor five thousand pounds to go to law with," was his lugubrious remark, when they were talking on this subject during the lawyer's now frequent visits to the Hall. " And a &ood; thing too, said Mr. Sturt, " for when the limit of time allowed by law for withholding it is passed, we can bring an action against the man for that, and all the rest will follow. However, we have already applied to the Probate Court, and warned the tenants not to pay their rents to Walcot^ which they agree to with much alacrity. ' Slow and sure' is our motto, but we're getting on," concluded the lawyer cheerfully. " But who is to be answerable for the law expenses in the mean time ?" " Nobody ; that is, anybody. Why, my good Sir, you Bre the heir presumptive—nay, apparent—to twelve thousand a year." " I wish it was apparent," sighed Gresham ruefully. " I wish I had even my £5,000 down." " I can let you have that,"answered the lawyer confidently, " and on very easy terms. But lor bless you, you won't need a tenth of it—that is, for preliminary expenses." " I don't want to touch it; I only want the interest of it." " Oh, well, there will be no sort of difficulty about that. In any case—since we have stopped the sale of the land—your legacy is 6afe enough, and you may make certain of your little income." " Thank Heaven!" ejaculated Gresham. " For a small mercy, my dear Sir," put in tbe lawyer smiling, " considering tbe fortune which I hope will be yours at no very distant date. If this Walcot bad got rid of the estates, and no embargo bad been laid upon his doing so, why then, indeed, we should have bad a stiffish battle to fight; but as it is—though we have only taken the first step, I already see daylight —you look now as if you saw it yourself." " Yes, I do—sunshine," and in truth tbe youDg fellow's handsome face was aglow with pleasure. "Dear me, how quickly you change-about," observed the lawyer, to whom Gresham had become much more interesting since he beheld in him the probable heir of Halcombe. " I wouldn't do anything rash, you know, if I were you, notwithstanding things look brighter. I'd keep on getting up in the morning, for example, in accordance with the terms of your legacy." " I'll be prudence itself," said Gresham. " In the mean time could you raise me a hundred pounds on my expectations ?" " Certainly. Til write you a cheque this momeLt; though I assure you, as to legal expenses, there is at present not the least necessity " " My good Sir, I was not thinking of any legal expenses beyond a licence at Doctors' Commons," said Gresham laughing; " I am going to get married." " Oh, I see!'' said Mr. Sturt apologetically ; " since you said you were ' Prudence itself,' I did not think of that contingency." Gresham thought Mr. Sturt the most charming of lawyers, a tribe be had hitherto suspected of raising objections and putting difficulties in the path of pleasure; but he little knew that that gentleman had been instructed beforehand by his employer to portray his (Gresham's) future prospects in rose-colour, and especially to furnish him with any funds for which he might have occasion. Mr. Mayne partly shared the attorney's sanguine views as to the eventual recovery of the estate, but, had he not done so, would have taken the «ame course to accelerate the happiness of his friend. His own marriage with Milly was not to take place so quickly as he desired—lady Arden having insisted on a " decent interval" between thosB nuptials and the family bereavement; but he did not grudge Gresham his better fortune. Nevertheless when the party from the Hall came up to town, ostensibly for " a change of scene," and also to procure Elise her irousteav, it is probable there was an intention of making a similar provision for Millicent. It_ so happened, too, that for the first time in his life, since as an undergraduate he had rowed in the University Race at Putney, tbe Rev. John Dyneley came up to town, no doubt on urgent private affairs, since what particular business called him thither was never demonstrated. . And the effect of this was that at the private hotel "off" Piccadilly, where they took up their quarters, there probably never was a family—in mourning—the younger members]of which were in such brilliant condition and tearing spirits, or who had such devoted cavaliers to attend them. The " Glamorgan" itself, as the hotel was called, was in a dim and melancholy street of severe fashion (it had been patronised of old by Lady Arden in her days of tort), and its " services of solid silver," sepulchral waiters, and a tort of ancestral fustinesa which pervaded it, would have depressed any less elastic guests. But this sombre and sublime regime was so utterly set at nought by the newcomers, that Master Frank played at hide and seek with the chambermaids, and the Great Baba held dramatic performances—Punch' and Judy entertainments, and the Marionettes—in the private sitting-room. These little people, too, unconsciously found their uses. When they were not "playing old gooseberry" in the way of frolic and mischief, they acted as " gooseberry pickers," and did propriety in spite of themselves as companions to one or other of the three young couples; for Dyneley and Evelyn had somehow become almost as inseparable as Mayne and Millicent. or as Gresham and Elise—indeed, as nothing had been actuslly declared between them (and moreover Dyneley was a parson, which always gives a man " a pull" in such cases), they had perhaps more opportunities of what Frank irreverently called " spooning" tban the others. Gresham himself, though nearer to his "bliss, had his little t*U-a-tetu sadly interfered with by quite another sort of companionship —namely, interviews with Ms solicitor; for the probability of his becoming the proprietor of the Halcombe estates was growing with every hour, and wonld perhaps have elated him, "had he not had something still brighter to think about in his approaching marriage. Elise, on the other hand, thought a good deal of his changed prospects, but by no means with exultation. Even to have won her lover in his comparative poverty had seemed to her too great good fortune; and now that he was about to inherit such undreamt of wealth she could hardly believe that she was fated to share it. It seemed to this modest though independent little Teuton, that George could have done so much better with himself, and almost that he ought to do so even now. She had not even ventured to write to her aunt at Hamburg of the prospects that were opening out for her, not because they might not after all be realised, but frcm a deep sense of their incongruity ; they did not d^zle her own eves—indeed, they were not fixed on them at all—but she und erstood the effect that they would have upon tlia t relative, and, indeed, upon most people. In the household m which she had once filled so hum ble a part, and now played so important a one,^ she knew, however, no jealousies were enterta ined against her. If Lady Arden still nourished any disappointment respecting what might have been between her eldest daughter and Gresham, she did so in secret; no change in her manner—save that it was kinder and more familiar—betrayed any sore feeling with respect to Elise's new position; George had a perfect right to choese for himself, and though he might have looked higher, she ' acknowledged to herself that he had not chosen unworthily. There had been, indeed, a certain c oncealment in the matter, at which she might have justly taken umbrage, but the responsibility for that had lain with Gresham alene— Elise, as we know, had both condemned and protested against it—and be had confessed as much in the same breath with which he acknowedged his engagement. Of the two sisters it was said, by some who boasted of their acquaintanceship without having obtained any familiar knowledge of them, that hey would not hare taken Miss Hurt's social elevation so coolly bad they not had their own lovers to think about; that being so well satisfied, in fact, with their own position they had no mind to quarrel with the good fortune of their gcveca^s, Sat both Evelyn and Miilicent wore in truth by nature incapable of tiig e6<ri<jat feelings which were thus imputed to them; moreover, they loved Elise for her own sake; her kindness, her love of duty, her devotion to the children, and the simplicity and humilicyof her disposition, were qualities they knew how to appreciate. Nor was it the least of her credentials that she was honouied with the approbation and estimation of tbe Great Baba. H« always termed her " My Elise," and had burst into tears upon being informed that arrangements were pending under which' she would be no longer bis exclusive property, but another's. In the meantime, however,, she' devoted herself to him as much as possible, and when Gresham was closeted with Mr. Start would often taks him for a stroll among the-ehope, fir the contents of which he took so absorbing an interest that his little nose stood in some-dasger of becoming tabular, through being so constantly Sattened against the windows. On one of these excursions- very singular circumstance took place, which neither Elise nor her small companion are ever likely to forget to their dying day, albeit (like the windows) it only made a transient impression on the latter at the time, and hardly seemed worth apearkiDg about. Elise too did not speak about it' at' the moment, and it being remarked' thst she camp home looking very pale and haggard mi promptly sent to lie down for an hour or so by Lady Arden; an order she obeyed with a sense of immense relief and gratitude; "She has"half tired herself to death lugging about that moil— stroos Babs," was Her Ladyship's reflection. and George will never forgive as if he finds- it out." In the meantime the supposed cause of ber Si looks was regaled with chocolate creams (which he loved n*t wisely but too well, for they mad* him fatter than ever) and a review of his soldiery. The circumstance of slaying a staff officer on horseback with a pea from his cannon awakened a certain association in His Highness'* mind. "Do's oo know," observed he to his aide-decamp (Frank), " that dear papa was never put in the pit-hole after all ?" "Hus—h, dear, hush," whispered Frank gently. "Baba mustn't talk about such-sad things." "But he wasn't, I tell you," persisted this terrible child. "He most have got out of the feather coach when Diney (Dyneley) wasn't looking, and then they popped in somebody else." "Wbat is the dear child saying?"enquired Lady Arden, looking up from her desk;-"it never does to contradict him, you know, Frank." " Let me take him," said Evelyn rising quickly, and transferring the child to her own lap. "Let us shoot the French, and not tell stories." " Baba never tells stories," observed that potentate with irritation. " I saw papa ia "the street, and wanted to ran to him. Bat Elise said ' No,' 1 Mein gott no,' she said, and was very fitened." Fortunately Lady Arden bad resumed her occupation, and did not hear this, but Franky's eyes were growing enormously large, and ho murmured softly, " What it his ghost, Evy ?" " Hush, hush,, dear; there must have been resemblance to dear papa in some other person which deceived the child of course. If Baba will come to Evy's room, she has got a macaroon for him." In this prospect all ideas of the other world were at once lost to His Highness, and he toddled off in an ecstaoy. An hour later Gresham came in, and was informed that Elise did not feel equal to coming down to dinner—had thoroughly overdone herself, in fact. She had written a little note to him, which Evelyn slipped into his hand. " Come with Evy," it said," when you can get away without exciting remark; I want to spea[k to you." There was a little boudoir chiefly for the ladies' use, too small to be called a drawingroom, to which Evelyn presently conducted him, and where he found Elise, still very pale, aud quite unlike herself. " Good heavens, what is the matter, darling ?" ""Don't ask her many questions," said Evelyn. " She will tell what she can; but the fact is, bar system has received a shock. -I will tell you what has happened—or what she thinks has happened—and then you may ask her about it." Elise nodded, and smiled feebly. " She has not been run over!" ejaculated Gresham. " No, no ; how like a man that is! There- is nothing physically the matter with her, George; but her nerves are gone. Now listen. When you parted with her at Mr. Sturt's she took the child to Covent Garden to see the flowers. They were in the covered walk there looking at soma bouquets, when Elise saw some grapes, and asked Baba whether he would like a bunch. Ho said' yes,' of course, and the woman was catting one for him when he cried oat, ' Look, look, there's papa!' Elise looked round and saw a figure very like dear papa's, only more bowed in the shoulders, going slowly down the arcade. She was herself struck by the resemblance, but replied, '.No, no, dear, your poor papa is dead and buried you know; that iB only- some one like him.' But Baba pulled at her gown, and taking no notice of the grapes— which was certainly remarkable" "A miracle," put in Gresham smiling; " I am prepared to believe anything after that." « Don't jest, George," said Evelyn gravely;" for in poor Ease's eyes the thing is most serious.". " It is as true as I sit here," murmured Elise. " What is trae?" exclaimed Gresham. - "I understand that Baba saw the back of somebody that reminded him of my uncle." " Yes; but they followed this man," continued Evelyn," and just as be reached the door of an hotel he turned round, face to face with them—so Elise says—and then they both recognised him. Baba wanted to follow him into the hotel, but Elise was so shocked and frightened that she called a cab and came home, .where aha arrived more dead than alive herself." " The poor dear must have overworked herself, and been in want of food," suggested -Gresham. Elise herself sat with her eyes closed—in appearance, 8s Evelyn had said, " half dead"—so that he unconsciously spoke of her like a doctor discussing his patient with her nurse. " No; she had a very tolerable lunch, and declares she was not at all tired. She was not thinking of dear papa until the child spoke of him, and felt in excellent health and spirits." Gresham perceived that the case was serious, but not unnaturally thought that ridicule wa& the best cure for such an hallacination. " I really think that we have had enough rubbish in connection with my poor uacle and the other world already," he said. "It is so unlike Elise's good sense." " Of coarse it is," said Evelyn," but that on'y makes the affair more remarkable; moreover there is Baba's testimony, given, I am bound to say, with all the seriousness of a Bench of Judges." " My dear Evelyn, what a witness! a child of four yean old!" " I saw your uncle," murmured Elise, looking slowly up, " as plainly as I see you. He waa whiter and older-looking than at Halcombe, bat it was the same face." u Then of course he recognised you, my darling," said Gresham smiling. "I am not sure; I think so," she answered simply. "He seemed to look mournfully upon me, and also deprecatingly. I have been thinkr ing about that" " The fact is, George," put in Evelyn, " though I am sure Elise has nothing to reproach herself with, since it is ourselves rathec than Elise if any one, who is to blame—it struck her that he was lamenting how soon he had been forgotten. Lost in our own selfish pleasures, we have .not been so mindful perhap* as we might have been of the loss of poor papa." " I don't acknowledge that," answered Gresham. " That is a mere morbid view." "So Elise haa.persuaded herself; but what she has got into her mind, and which I cannot argue her out of," said Evelyn with a faintblush, " is that papa is displeased with her for having won your affections, since he had -othac plans for you." . "Exactly,"answered Gresham coolly; "that explains half the mystery. Elise had her mind already prepared for this visitation. However, my darling," he continued more gently, " thU affair shall be thoroughly enquired into. I pro-. mise you that this ghost shall be exorcised; fortunately, we bare a clergyman on hand to do it I will go down with Dyneley to Covent Garden this very evening. Do you happen to remember the name of the hotel ?" " Yes, dear," replied Elise, and this time in less depressed tones. It was evidently a relief to her that the matter was to be seriously investigated. " I saw it written up on the coffeeroom blinds. It was * The Old Hummums.' " " Yery good. No doubt the matter]wul admit of explanation. In the meantime pray take reasonable view of it." He stooped down and kissed her tenderly, as if to make amends for his assumed severity, "You never heard of 'The Old Hummums' before, I suppose, by-the-by?" he asked. " I ? No, love. But it seems to me now thai I shall never forget the name." As he left the room Evelyn asked him why he had put that last question. " Well, the fact is I thought the poor dear had seen her apparition in a spot she knew was connected with my uncle by association. When in London he always used to put up a.'The Old Hummums'—which is certainly rather curious." CHAPTER XLIX. AT THE OLD Ht'MMrilS. Immediately after the ladies had left the dinner-table Gresham told the strange story of Elise's adveuture to Mayne and Dyneley. Neither of them were disposed to be jocular on such a subject, tliotfgh perhaps for different reasons. " I am afraid Miss Hurt has been taking too much out of herself of late," observed the former. " Our life in London is a grett change from the quiet vwUae tf SMoemtaAa ta the ghost—I confess I don't believe in ghosts within the Metropolitan district."- " Still, for her own sake tbe matter should be investigated," said Dyneley. Kayne shrugged his shoulders. "It seemB to mA in be a case of nerves. To treat each an h*Un:mation seriously would be to give it & substantial form, which is the very thing to be avoided. Besides, yon can't go to tbe Ham* mams, and enquire of the head-waiter whether a gentleman's ghost happened to be just now on the premises. _ Don't you think—with Miss Spence's experience so fresh in oar minds— that we have had almost enough of ghoBts "That is tbe very observation I made myself," observed Gresham, thoughtfully. " Of coarse the whole affair is absurd, bat I am bound to say that Elise is not one of the hysterical sort. Will you come with me to the Hummums,. Dyneley ? We shall probably see come eld gentleman who bears a strong resemblance to my poor uncle, when the matter will be explained at once. We need not be belf an hour away, and Mayne can tell the ladies we have cone to smoke a cigar." "I will go with you, of coarse," said Dyneley. " I think with you that the matter •boald at once be cleared op for Miss Hart's sake. Evelyn would never think so seriously abont it unless there was something in it" At this Mayne chuckled, and mattered something about female influence, which brought tbe colonr into the cheeks of both of them; and as they went down stairs, " My best compliments to the ghost," were his last words to them over the banisters. _ It was <^rtainly a somewhat ridiculous expedition. Their cab took them to Covent Garden somewhat quicker than Gresham wished, for he had not made np his mind bow to proceed when they arrived at their destination. *' I suppose we had better ask to see the Visitors' List?" suggested his companion as they paused before the deor of the hotel. *' All right, old fellow—only they won't show it us, even if they have one." Indeed the waiter informed them that " parties" only left their names when they were going away. If the two gentlemen were in search of any particular " party," he could no doubt, however, give them the information desired. Now the waiter was young, and as Gresham thought might be new to the place, and never .have beard the name of his uncle; else, since ike baronet's death must surely be known to the hotel household, be could hardly have brought himself to make his next enquiry; " Is Sir Eobert Arden staying in the house?" "Sir Robert Arden? Yes, Sir; came last sight from Liverpool. Sitting-room No. 4, first fiocr." The two men interchanged looks of amazement. " If jon know the gentleman very well," said the waiter, perceiving their embarrassment," I will take up your names, but otherwise—he has just dined, and—" "Take this card up; I am his nephew,"said Gresham. " We must see this oat, Dyneley," he added in a whisper. " The man has taken a name that doesn't belong to him. I should not be astonished if we found Walcot at the bottom of this." " Bat the likeness V gasped the Oarate. "True,I bad forgotten that," answered his companion as they followed the waiter up the stairs. "This is tremendous. I would give £fty pounds if we had Bevill here." The waiter knocked at the sitting-room door, went in with the card, and after a slight delay came out again. "Walk in, gentlemen," he said. GresVam entered firsthand Dyneley, following, was careful to close the door behind them. A tall figure, with a cigarette in his month, rose from the sofa to receive them; an older end thinner figure than when they had-seen it last, and with a face inexpressibly weary and c«jected, but the face and figure of Sir Robert Arden, and of no other. ** So you have fonnd me out already, George ?" were his first words, and he held out a wasted band. " Is it possible that I see yon alive, uncle ?" exclaimed Gresham. " Dyneley, are we dreaming?" " Ye*, I am alive," returned the old man wearily, 41 though it wonld be better for me, and for yon, if it were otherwise. I trust all are well at Halcombe ?" Gresham nodded assent; he could not find voice to speak. Astounding as it was to behold 1his man, apparently risen from the dead, it was still stranger to near him talk in this indifferent strain; bis tone indeed was melancholy and depressed to an extreme degree, and ' bis race wandered from one to the other with pitiful and appealing looks, but the wonder was that his own position did not seem to appear to him as in any way abnormal or inexplicable. " You gaze at me with wonder," continued Sir Eobert," as well yon may, but you have no reproaches to heap upon me. And yet I have behaved ill to both of yen. Tou are a clergyman, Dyneley; what must you think of one ' who has left those he loved withouta word, and «.wn distress and pun broadcast among them, -at the bidding of a scoundrel 7" "We know we have been deceived, Sir," said the Oarate gently. " Deceived ? Yes, I have been deceived," answered the other with a sigh that bespoke as much bitterness as regret. " It was cruel, it was vile -in him. Bat, oh, that I could think it was all deceit! Can Lucifer, think you, Mr. Xtyneley, have angels under him—blessed spirits that obey his wicked will ?" ' " No, Sir," answered the Curate grayely. " He may pretend to have such, being a liar and the father of lies, but it cannot be so." Sir Robert shook his head, and sighed even more deeply than before. "Yon do not know wttat l know, you have not seen what I have seen," he said. ** We do know, we have seen," answered the Curate, * if, as Ijadge, you are referring to certain - manifestations, professing to be spiritual, and in connection with one very dear to you who has passed away." " What do you mean," enquired the baronet eagerly. " Is it possible tbat my sainted Madeline—George, Dyneley, what have you got to tell me?" "Nothing, Sir, but what mere mortals can tell," continued the Oarate solemnly. ** We pretend to no cognisance of matters that have been' hidden from the eyes of man since God created him. We make no claim to pry into matters beyond the grave. But with great good ftirtnne we have found out a villain who has made use of such pretensions. His name is— Ferdinand Walcot." " Ob, Heavtns, her own brother! It is in- 1«ssible F' ' " We have seen the woman, Sir Robert, who, at his instigation, personated your dead wife." " The woman who personated my Madeline ?" "'Yes, Sir. The voice you heard was her voice, the face you saw was her face. It was Annabel Spence—the cast-off mistress of your l-rother-in-law. She shall confess it to you, if need he, with her own lips.* 1 Sir Bobert put up his hand with a gesture of *t horence. " Blasphemous and accursed deceiver,'* he muttered; " how dared she do it ' " It was not her doing. Sir Bobert," answered the Ornate firmly. "She was merely the instrument of another; year poor wife was nothing to ha-, hut in this Walcot—' her own brother,' bb yon have just said—it was infamous, blasphemous, «r what you will. Yon took a serpent to your bosom, and faesfcang yeu." Sir Robert held up his hand in a deprecating manner. Have you not even yet. Sir, the courage to east him from you ?" continued Gresham. " You have forgiven him already, it seems; it is well. Bat yott still owe a duty to others—to those wboao you yowelf say you have wronged; I am not one of them, and therefore I may speak " "Mercy, mercy," cried Sir Robert clasping bis thin bands together; " give me some time, man. Yon don't know what you ask. Can I nek Out my own heart strings ?" • " IS it* possible, then," pursued the Ornate, " that in apite of all tbat has happened you still cling to this taiscreant ? There must surely be some misunderstanding in your own mind." " No, no; I perceive that he has deceived me. I have known it long ago: when he left me at Marseilles to cross tbe world alone." "Then you did not return to England with &un.;''.pat in Gresham, whom a certain awful <piestkra Constantly recurring within him had hitherto made silent. "If this is indeed my ancle." it ran," who then was the man I saw lying dead at Salton Point, and whom we buried at Halcombe "I ? No. He left the ship and me that night, and I went to Australia all alone. We bad had so quarrel, bat there were some matters—they bad reference to yourself, George—on which we bad differed of late. I had already, begun to repent too of having alienated myself from my family, and he had remonstrated strongly against what he called my weakness in that sespect.". "He felt in fact that his - influence over you was losing its power ?" suggested Dyneley. "Yes: that no donbt was the cause of his deserting me so suddenly. I did not think so at tbe time, but during that long and lonely voyage I had plenty of time for thought, and my eyes were opened upon many things. Among others I perceived clearly how harshly, crnelly, and ungratefully I had been induced to behave to those who bad been so dear to me at Halcombe. As to Lady Arden, the slutme that confilmed me upon her account was such that, thonph an opportunity twice offered itself in vessels we spoke with, I had not the courage to communicate with her by letter. Before the ship reached Australia, I had resolved to make a clean breast of it, and would have done so on the instant, but that tbe telegraph to England was out of order." Here Dyneley and Gresham interchanged a significant glance. It was the news then of the telegraphic communication having beeu re-established between the two countries that has so alarmed Walcot during bis interview with Mr. Baynes, and which had caused him instantly to fly to Sweden. "What I suffered," continued Sir Robert, a' on finding myself cat off, as it were, from my repentance by this circumstance, no tongue can telL Tbe strange country; the new scenes, were lost upon me; I was consumed with an insatiable desire to make my peace' with all of you; and it monopolised me wholly. I took passage home by the first ship—ah, what a voyage it was ! I mixed with none of the passengers; I was a recluse feeding on my own miserable thoughts and memories. I grudged every hour of our tardy course till we came in sight of England; and then—then fear and shame took possession of me. I came up here, last night,- yet dared not make my presence known to any of you. What might not have happened, during my long absence, to those I had deserted; what change might not have taktn place in their own feelings towards me!" "There has been no change, my dear uncle, so far as their affection for you is concerned," interposed Gresham gently. " There have been other changes, however, of which, it seems, you do not know anything." " But you told me all were well. Oh Heavens, what has happened ?" "Nothing has happened, Sir, thank Heaven to either Lady Arden or the children: they are even now in London." " So near! exclaimed Sir Robert with a start of joy. "And yet," he added, with a sigh, " they may be no longer near iu the sense of dearness. It is impossible but that my conduct must have estranged them." " It has not estranged them, Sir. You will find a genuine and loving welcome from them; but " "Bat what, George?" enquired Sir Robert impatiently. " What care I what has happened, if they are alive and well, and have forgiven me?" "The fact is," said Dyneley, "events have taken place which exhibit Ferdinaud Walcot in the blackest colours. I have laid before you the deception practised on yourself—which you apparently admit as fact; and yet—or it seems to Gresham and myself—you still entertain towards him a certain misplaced kindliuess, which awakens doubt—suspicion—of your own strength of purpose. Should this unhappy prejudice in his favour be made apparent to Lady Arden, reconciliation with her would in my opinion be rendered impossible. I must add, in my opinion, justly so." " And in my opinion, 7 ' said Gresham bluntly, " the man is only fit to be hung." Sir Robert turned from one to the other with a pained look. *' I had not expected this," he said. " I had fondly hoped you would have spared me. It is impossible indeed that you should understand what my unhappy brotherin-law has been—nay, I confess is to me. If I say he has been in my eves a link between heaven and earth, to you it must needs savour of exaggeration. Yet' sacred is the flesh and blood to which we link a faith divine.' You will retort, ' Bat he has deceived you.' To some extent he may have done so; and indeed I know he has. But who shall separate the false from the true in such unsearchable thinge ? Let it suffice that 1 believe what you have told me; that this man and 1 have parted for ever in this world. His name shall never cross my lips, b t on the other hand let me not hear it associated with evil doing. The fear that it would be otherwise has—1 confess it— lain at the bottom of my hesitation to communicate with Lady Arden." "But you do not know what the man has done. Sir," urged Gresham firmly. " Nor do I want to know. Let him be dead to me and mine henceforth. To those whom he has wronged, through me, I am prepared to make every reparation in my power—though it includes my own humiliation and self-abasement. Bat of what be has done amiss to myself let me be the judge. "What matters it to you, or any one, if I acquit him ? For days, and weeks, and mouths, of late, he has been as it were arraigned at the bar of my own conscie ire. His case has been pleaded, both for and agaiust, before me. He has been convicted of many things. I have heard, it is trne, from your lips a still more damning charge than any heretofore brought against him, but I had already conceived of such an accusation; it does not take me by surprise, although it pains me beyond measure; and I have no doabt that you can prove it. Nevertheless, so far as I am concerned—and it is I who am mainly concerned— I acquit—no, I cannot acquit—bat I forgive him. All confidence between him and me is over and gone ; but I nourish no ill will against him. I set the white against the black; the benefits he had conferred on me against the injuries he has committed against me; and I cry quits." *' In other words, Sir Robert," observed Dyneley firmly, " you prefer to persist in your infatuation.. Are we to understand that you wish to remain ignorant of recent events; that you have resolutely closed your ears agaiust the evidence we have to offer you of this mau*s treachery, fraud, and greed !" "Yes, I do," answered the other curtly. " 1 do not wish to hear." He rose from his chair, and paced the room with hasty strides. " Stay, there Is one thing to state, in justice to Ferdinand Walcot, before leaving this painful topic, I trust for ever. He may have been treacherous, indeed I grant it: he may even in a sense been fraudulent; though as the treachery and the fraud concerned myself alone, it is for me, not for you, to judge him; but you .err when you accuse him of greed. Through all the years I have known him, and notwithstanding the influence he possessed over me, it was never used —yes, I may say 'never'—to his own material advantage. I paid him a certain salary—a very small one considering the services he did me in return—bat that was all he ever received from me, though he well knew he had only to ask and have, had it been thousands. He was masterful, and fond of power, bHt loyal and just in his vicarious exercise of it; his spirit was altogether free from those gross inBtircts of which yon speak; it was marred and soiled, no doubt, though I once thought otherwise, bat it was never polluted—else," here Sir Robert paused, "Gresham, Dyneley, there are some matters upon which I cannot speak—and I will not— even to you." " There is no need. Sir," answered the Curate quietly. " Upon the matters to which, as I conjecture, yon refer, we will agree to differ and will be silent. But may I remind you, since you say Mr. Walcot never sought his own advantage, that you once made a will in his favour." Sir Robert started. "That is true," he said. "No doubt contingently, that is in the case of my demise——" " One moment. Sir; that will was dictated to you at Halcombe under certain circumstanoes, and since you are now aware of them yoa can hardly deny at Mr. Walcot's instigation." Sir Robert's pale face flushed from brow to chin. " I suppose it was so," he said ; " indeed it must have been so. Well, that will is now waste paper." "Not altogether, Sir Robert; allow me.' Dyneley took op a decanter from the table, and filled the iwonet's glass. "When yoa have drunk that I will tell you something." Sir Robert obeyed mechanically, his eyes fixed themselves enquiringly upon the Curate's face, as he emptied his glass, and set it down with trembling fingers. " That will was proved in Doctors' Commons, and Ferdinand Walcot has gone off with the money." Sir Robert sank into his own chair, and gazed on the speaker with wild amazement. . " Tbat will—my will—was -proved! What, as though I were a dead man " "You were dead in the eyes of the law, and of tbe world. Yonr dead body—or what was supposed to be so—was - brought over - from Salton Point by Ferdinand Walcot, and bnried in Halcombe churchyard. I read the service over it myself." 