LATER FROM EUROPE. [BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] (FROM AB&UB; TELEOBAHB.) LONDOK, March 13. The*tenders for the Victorian four and a half per cent. loan were opened this afternoon. The amount reached £8,500,000. Tenders at £98 19s received in full, those at £98 18s 6d received one-third of the amount for which they tendered. LONDON, March 13 (Night). TTI his reply to the question asked in the House of Commons this evening, Sir Stafford Northcote said that the rcQominnndation by the Government of English officers to administer the finances of Turkey would be dependent on their being asked to do so by the Porte. The Bank of England bas reduced the -minimnm rate of discount to per cent. Consols are quoted at 9G|. The Bank of England weekly returns show that the proportion of reserve to liabilities amounts to 50 per cent. The total reserve in notes and bullion now amounts to £19,312,500. At the wool sales to-day, 10,225 bales were offered. The market continues quiet. The total quantity of wool brought forward during the present series now amounts to 185,000 bales. The Orient Steam Navigation Company's s.B. Lusitania, from Melbourne 15th February and Adelaide 17th February, arrived at Aden to-day, all well. March 14. The 6.s. Kent's homeward mails via Brindisi were delivered to-day. Tenders have been invited by the Government for tho construction of a telegraphio cable to the Cape of Good Hope. In the House of Commons this evening Mr Burke, Under Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, announced that the Government had, since he replied to the question put to him last night in the House, received information which satisfied them that the supply of arms recently sent out to the Mozambique coast by a Manchester firm was not intended for the nse of the Zulus. In the House of Commons this oveningSir Stafford Northcote, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in replying to a question, said that, notwithstanding the recent disaster, the Government had no intention to supersede Lord Chelmsford as commander-in-chief of the forces at the Cape. PARIS, March 14. A committee has been appointed by Mons. Giraud, the new Minister of Agriculture and Commerce, to make the necessary arrangements in oonnexion with the French exhibits for the forthcoming Sydney Exhibition. LOUDON, March 15. Latest advices from the Cape of Good Hope state that the Zulus remain inacteve. In consequenoe of the arrival of H.M. frigate the Shah, 24 guns, bringing reinforcements from Si. Helena, it has been decided to send a relieving force to the aid of Colonel Pearson, who is now entrenched at Ekowe. In connection with the visit of the "Victorian Commissioners to England, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach will ask Mr Berzy for further information on- the subject of' the constitutional difficulty in Victoria, but no definite reply will be given by the Secretary of State until the discussion on Mr Arthur Mills' resolution in the House of Commons for the production of correspondence ' has taken plane.,.. .. : It Is unlikely that the Government will introduce an Enabling Act, as requested, without knowing Mr Berry's subssquent policy,- but at the 'same time the Government might entertain a proposition for reform of the Council by the introduction of a mixed elective and nominee system. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has hitherto been too deeply engaged with Zulu affairs to enable him carefully to consider Mr. Beriy'e case. Mr Mills' resolution is fixed for -1st of April. The Government are glad that the discussion is to take place. Mr Graham Berry will be presented to H.R.H. the Prince of Wales by the Secretary of State for the Colonies at the levee on Monday. The Saturday Seviete, in referring to the Victorian Embassy, fears that" tacta" may be renewed unless the constitution is altered, and is inclined to approve of a nominee council, and expresses an opinion that Sir Michael Hicks-Beach might usefully mediate in the settlement of the question. Mr Graham Berry, Chief Secretary of Victoria, met Earl Granville, Mr Gladstone, Lord Derby, and Mr Robert Lowe at a dinner given by Sir James Anderson, chairman of the Eastern Telegraph Company. Mr Berry is anxious to be credited with moderation. He had a warm argument with Lord Granville on the subject of protection. The money market is easy. Money is in large supply, but commercial requirements are small. The Bank rate is 2|- per cent. The Bank reserve now amounts to £19,250,000. Consols are quoted at 96|. The market for Australian securities is remarkably firm. The Victorian 4 per cent, loan (Januaiy and July) is now quoted at 944. New South Wales 4 per cent, loan (1903) is quoted at 99. South Australian 4 per cent, loan (January and July), 94. New Zealand per cent. (February and August) is quoted at 97. TSE BBOHEEXB.—A most enjoyable entertainment was given in the Kyneton Mechanics* Institute, in aid of the funds, on Monday evening, by.Mr and Mrs Bromley, thewel!-known andjwpular amateur character and burlesque performer^,' Assisted by "Messrs Fairweather -and Hams. There was a crowded house, and a well-varied programme was arranged. The firet part-consisted of a domestic sketch, entitled " A Pair of Pigeons" in which'Mr and Mre Bromley appeared as if the characters had been written by a Tom Taylor especially for them. Their acting and singing was highly appreciated, and met with frequent applause. The sacond part was made np - of miscellaneous songs, comic and otherwise, and a stump speech on " Useful Knowledge/' The screaming old farce of " Ghost in a pawnshop" ooncluded the evening, which was most agreeably passed^ and thoroughly enjoyed : by -the audience! • THE WEST BOPRKE EEBCTIOK.—Referring to the' incidents of the West Bourke election, the South Australian Advertiser Bays" Mr Berry and his colleaguei may be looked upon as the friends and benefactors of the masses, because for a time they have pandered to their prejudices under the plea of serving their interests, but as a fact they are the workman's worst enemies. - The interests *>f the electors .have -j no value in their eyes if they stand in the way of Ministenalechemas Something quite as dangerous -as revolution cannot be far off whenMinister can disfranchise a district at Will, and canse the elector to feel that neither the-principle of nnrreisai suffrage, mor the protection of -the ballot can .duw: Wm against the lawless designs of-dishonest men- in fowor.- tba situation jn Victoria is daily becoming^more and more serious, and the end seems as £ar : away epsr.'. There, js, howerer,« -jdight ray of hope. Mr Berry-and.hisfaction*nay leant something fcom ibe (inevitable •appeal to the country if electors Jmspact ^thattheir nghts may be sacrificed in hecatombs, if such a coune should seem to be neoessaiy 'to satiate the nnscrnpnlouB MolochTe greediof political supremacy." 