OXia MELBOURNE LETTER. . .-(eROM O0R own COREESPONDENI-) Very ] 11 fcl e , th a t -13 of .11 ve .i n teres t transpiredi.politicaily..:.;Ministers , ara eit. gaged>mei:ely in rouxine duties, to which, to a great'extent, -they will- confine-themselv.es -outil. Mr .-Berry returns. . Bufc .I have bad...the .opportunity of discuBsing matters with their .masters, the -portentous, majority upan who&e; action their. f uture lives depend, and: therefore I am able to some extent to give a -valuable indication; :ofi-the Btatenofufeelingspreyaihng among Mimaterial supporters: .. It is .not.-ialtor: >getheEi..oti3aa; :favourable;i ».;.kind>as;; the Ministry. :,woiiM.like.,;I find that awhile thoroughly ;determm*d.- to. follow, the Mimstiy in the path of reform, their .majority/.tgeneraliy.swhollyiidisagreesivpith ,the;n,an;,rcgardtotlielittle"arraugeaneiitsV'. whieh have- from time to time been made,-isuch : as jtlie banquet affair, sthe; -Farrell- business,; the DuBy. transfer, and various other - ihings of . the ^ame kind. The Ministry will find themselves lec tured-seyerely ionhtheBtiimattBrs by their /warmestfollpweiswhen.Barliamentmeets -I. find, liowe'ver, that upon the great ques tiobs of the day the Liberal,-majority is ithe end> Their motto will be •—" Those avelovje.Wjeirebnkeand'ichasteniA The sciobbeiy of ±h« uppercrust of Mel bourne jliasabeen ;.w.ellKademonstratedvaud jsnjibbedssiuiaftthe: case of the .English <crickoters^ ""Several invitations have Bibeen: ccenodlyriLord and Lady Harris to be present tit balls*and parties, but-economy oi^somethingielse,prompted the writers of the mvjtations to leay« out the other t,enil«man crifkcters Lord Buns his Jiowe\er, rnide it jt to decline, eall Only tw o ladies ~ accompany the team, Lady Hams and Mrs Hornby, and all" the. gBiitlemen.aTe quite.yo.ung: i";They are .quite a family.party, ancbare. remarkable for their friendship,, so much so that although Lord aivd- Lady Harris were m- ,yited to take up thein qnarters at-Gorern-. .ment .House - they declined, preferring to remain with their parly. The team express great-;gratifieation.,with-;Melbourne,i and are,highly pleased in every regard . \- The T a v a r e s — l i b e l case is .to come - on in ,;Febniary,-and : will be pne_Jof.tjie;most ahiusibg^UiatAye/haye e had, as some remarkable, disclosures are bound .to.be.made.. ,;liiiregard tothis it is ii6:be.np'ted.that : /'^ from the columns of. the Austraiasimx- .This is,, however, only ar.use,:for it -must ba plam to. any one that if.' . ^Tahito" ' did not write last week's criticism,.then his ghost must have been tlie iiidifcer, for/have .we not.MrSvAppletpn.y^ up to the nines and John Henmngs run.d own,- and is:. not the style that of the admirer of Miss Shcpparde 1 I. am..told on good authority that Dr Neild is; still the writer, thougbldisclaim'anywiali.tpimputethe authorship to him if he denies he wrote it. I am also told that another , well-known writer is trying to work I)r Neild out, but aB it j seems ,._a. similar charge was broadly.'preferred against his rival in a public prmt some years ago and never answered, I suppose that if tho doctor goes we will have 110 better-man in his place. J will" say this 111-justice to l)r BTeild, that when.Jio ;ii'as ,not prejudiced, no better, critic ever took -up pen ' His criticisms were always- readable and-searchlng, and, save when there-was a.vendetta, I havo ever read them wi th pleasure. ; To fnake,.a theatrical critic perfect ho should never know -:actor, actress, manager, or anyone connected with a,theatre, not even the call-boy or the .stage. :door, entrance The Berry-banquet is still the topic of cpnversation, and one feature in particular; supplies good fiin. I think I bnefly mentioned- the matter., before, . A .certain Conservative who lives, in Sandhurst, and who is wealthy but, penurious, took advantage of the 10s 6d ,.ticket to conic to Melbourne to ..arrange.for a house at Geeloiig for his family during the iot weather. Of course he had to go to,the banquet to get -the ticket snipped, aiid as he had taken a good deal of. drink before he went 111 aud aftenvardq, we may realise his state when Mr Berry arose to speak. The result was that lie hissed the Premier, and the hon. gentleinan'sfriends arose in wrath and thrpst him.,violently, forth. 1-. He arrived .at his, hotel shortly afterwards mi)iiM,.his gu}iiea,hat,' and.his six-guinea coat torn beyond .mending. That gentleman.;has balanced his accounts dyer the affair,, and . fiuds that if lie had paid his full fare, from Saudliurst lo Geelong and return, he would have saved money, .instead of taking the 10s .(3d ticket, j Butthen lie should not have allowed his political feelings to have got the best of, lum. Of course I went to see R. P Whitworth's farce,. " The Three Ambassadors," at the'Princess' TheatrS aiid I was vastly disappointed with it. The plot, is simple enough, and, like the words, is built Hp on the .various .articles on the Embassy which have appeared from time to time in the pages of Punch: The scene opens in a' west- end . hotel, the ' Laiigham,'. I suppose,' and Mr Berry, who lias escaped from Professor Pearson at Pans, 111 order to have the first interview with Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, makes -his appearance-first., aud has a colloquy with a smart London chambermaid or waitress, whose, ideas of Australians are of the conventional -.type. After Mr Berry retires to' his room; Professor Pearson comes, and then Henderson-Africaiius, and the' three simultaneously come into dinner, when, of course, a scene takes place, ending in a jollification; Next we; have the bribing' of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach's orderly, and.finally the interview of the.aiiibaseadors with that gentleman, Mr Berry aloiie. coming in by a door, Pearson through a trap, and Henderson down, the' chimney •in/which a fire is 'lighted. After a= lot of. farcical nonsense,. Sir. Michael tells them to wrife'official letters, 'and' as this does not satisfy them, they are; roughly ejected by -his .people. The writing of. the piece is wretchedly poor, and were it not for the jokes cribbed from Punch it would hot go down at all. The piece' opens well, as.it ought, like a comedy, but it shortly after-, wards becomes a mere farce, and-vulgar at. that. Of all the get-ups that of the actor who takes the part of Professor: Pearson is the best, and his acting, as'far as he.can display the art, is good. On the first night the audience consisted 1 mainly of ladies, who had come to see Mrs Gladstone 111 that most emotional of plays, "East Lynne," but there was a fair gathering of gentlemen, who vociferously applauded every hit at the :Govemment- For my- part, I don't" approve of this burlesquing of any public men, especially men holding such high positions in the State, on tlie stage. It was -put down 111 England.. What fun may be now made of Mr Berry may hereafter be made of Mr Service or Sir John O'Shannassy. It is not well to play with edge tools. " Mr Lalor's absence from the embarkation of. the Embassy has been much commented upon, and it is stated that he is still-in-"the sulks, and may when the time arrives head a new Radical party: I believe that Peter is -bv 110 means pleased with.Mr Berry's running:.after such new men as Sir Bryan O'Loglrlen and Professor Pearson, and that lie thinks the country lias not been kept faith with in tlie matter of a progressive land tax ; and Mr Lalor commands a good following. \- 1 have 'bGeii' to 'see all- the paiitomimes. and I must say that tlmy are;the poorest I have seen produced in this city, f thought King Alfred at the Academy thin enough, but it is fuli-fleshe'd. compared tothe scare-crow skeleton, " Jack the Giant Killer," which Mr Garnet Walch has strung together—I will not say wntten— for,the,Itoyal:, PJuta," at the Opera House, is.e.quaUy,'nppr,,!> At tho two last "houses' soma]> has s t r o n g / - , • were iu'dulged-in at first, but the pittiti-s . "gavo:.;siichi Jin'dica,tipiis:df ..dUpleas.nrajth^t" the;lpcals-were jtohe.d^dbwn.-considerably.: The first night .that Jack -tho Giant Killer was.produced,. the .political drama was,, as' it were, performed, at ,all events an excel-' lent .indication was given of . the. state of public opinion. During tlio.siugmg of a iocal song by,Mr Greville .lie had to rap .the- Ministers and the Liberal M.'sL.A. pretty severely over the knuckles. At each.hit. the dress circle peop!e. applauded; loudly, and. the stalls j pined in to. some; extentj-but .tlVe;.pit4nd:;.u^ moodily silent. When, Jiowever, the actor summed up and said tint afier all Berry, was as good as any who -had preceded him, and better, there was a roar of applause ..that slasted'.for .some ..time, but which was changed to lusses when Mr .Grerille prooeeded -to. saya that he: was better..because the best' mau.- wp.s he who • looked after No 1 and pocketed the sugar. Xt was quite evident that Mr -Bei;ry.-,still,;:.i'etam3:his,powei'-over,the masses Publishing books in Australia is not .nniehencouragedby-tlieMelbourne.Press. -Thaiinost rnieagre 4nentiou'lias;been;,mado-: .i7jQte4lapeK'^af<itke«elsle8a3eee)ltIy4sraed| , ''. •while.pages-havo beendevotedto reviews of English books I think that even if the Australian books were Hot very grand productions, theysought to be nojaced and encouraged But even the which; pietends to be the champion of native in? -dustiy, knocks off these 'iittleiiye&tai;^l with a -contemptuous line or tw,o., % The man who ,attempted to smoke a pipe of brandy is troubled iWiUi. dizzmeiss ofthe 1)rain,i ^ , , 