? ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, JUNE 9, 1679. IT is much to be regretted that, notwith- standing the various projects which have been mooted, no outlet has been found for the surplus fat stock of this colony, and that no single attempt worthy of mention has been made to open a trade in the shipment of live stock or fresh meat, or to resume the manufacture of tinned meats. The possibility of estab- lishing a remunerative trade in the export of live stock is doubtful, but the pros- pect is sufficiently encouraging to justify a trial shipment to Eastern ports. With regard to the preserved meat trade there is also some doubt as to the possibility of making it pay as an independent speculation, but there cannot be the slightest room for question that, in the event of some practical and business- like scheme being put into operation whereby co-operation could be secured between stock owners and meat-preser- vers, and the risks and profits fairly adjusted between them, a highly lucrative trade might be assured with the best results to all concerned. But to put in operation such a. scheme, however feasible, would possibly be attended with great diffi- culties. The attempts recently made to induce stock owners to subscribe among themselves the requisite capital to start a meat preserving company have failed, mainly owing, as we presume, to the feeling that the risk would fall upon a few, while the many who stood aloof from the speculation would derive a full share of the advantage secured by turn- ing our beef and mutton into a market- able commodity. Were it possible to make a pro rata levy upon all stock owners, the requisite capital might be provided without involving individuals in more than an inconsiderable risk, while the improved value in theirflocksand herds consequent upon the export of fresh meat would add very materially to their profits and render their meat-preserving business a highly lucrative venture, A pro rata levy is, however, impossible, as resort to coercive measures could not seriously be thought of in a British com- munity ; our only hope therefore lies in unaided private enterprise, and it becomes a question whether by some plan of co-operation efforts may not be at once begun with fair prospects of a successful issue. In saying " at once," we have no idea of meat-preserving being practicable during the present season, and unless some cooling process can be adopted in slaughtering and pre- serving, the establishment could not commence work before next winter. But to get a company started and in good working order would require some months, and it is not too'early to begin at once to be ready for the next season. We think it must be generally con- ceded that sufficient capital to carry on a meat-preserving establishment under favourable conditions could not at present be raised in Central Queensland ; at the same time the stock owners in this part of the colony would derive from preserving in Rockhampton a greater and more direct profit than if it were carried on in Brisbane or any other port. This consideration leads us to ask whether some further steps may not be taken by the squatters of the Central districts to cause the re-opening of the Lake's Creek Works for meat-preserving purposes. That establishment is one of the finest and most complete in the colonies, and possesses the important advantages of an abundant supply of fat stock in its neighbourhood, and navigable water at its very doors. It is now some months since a meet- ing was called in Rockhampton to dis- cuss a proposal for carrying on meat preserving at the Lake's Creek Works by a local company, but the project was then premature, the proprietors not having moved in the matter, and it was not even discussed at the meeting. Indeed there was every reason to suppose that Messrs. Whitehead and Company would not be inclined to lease their buildings and plant on terms that could be acceded to by an independent local company. An advance on the part of the former has now been made, however, and they have indirectly invited our stock owners to join them by taking shares in the meat- preserving company airead)' established. That these overtures do not seem to have attracted any serious attention is really disappointing. A meeting was held at the offices of the Fitzroy Luncheon Beef Company (White- head and Co., Limited), London, on the 31st March last, attended by various gentlemen connected with the grazing interest in these colonies, and thc nature of the business transacted was recently made known in Queensland by the pub- lication of a letter received by Mr. Lumley Hill from a well-known western squatter who was present. The writer stated that samples of meats preserved in " whole pieces" by a patented process of Messrs. Whitehead's were tasted hy t!ic company assembled on that occasion, and pronounced to bc superior to any oilier preserved meat in llie market. Ii was also considered that the meat would command a price sufficient to ensure a good profit to the preservers. Il is undoubtedly of excellent quality, as mary colonists in Rockhampton can testily. However, in order to operate upon this process on a large scale Messrs. Whitehead desire, to increase the capital of the company, tod the feeling at the late meeting in London seems to ' have been that the proposal was a very good one that should be cordially taken up ; and that if a portion of the fresh capital were subscribed in Australia the remainder would be readily forthcoming from colonists in the mother country. The Resident Manager, Mr. Bertram, has informed the public through our columns that his directors, in proposing the re-formation of the company, wish to increase the capital to the amount already stated, and with this view they have decided that the capital of the com- pany (,£200,000) shall be represented by 20,000 shares of j£io each-7250 shares fully (laid up being allotted to the present proprietors, and the balance offered to the public-5000 being reserved for the colonies, with the concession that there shall be two local directors to protect the interests of local shareholders and afford an additional assurance of the success of the company. By this plan the proprietary interest would be thus distributed : Shareholder« of original Company ... £72,1500 Shareholders in Australia. 50,000 English shareholders . 77,500 Total capital.£200,000 It need scarcely be pointed out that the Australian shareholders would principally consist of men. interested in stations in Central Queensland, and the responsibility of taking the initiative in the matter would now appear to rest with them. The preliminary step would be to get together as large a meeting of our stock owners as possible to discuss the proposal. A few coast squatters would not be suffi- cient-the Western districts should also be well represented. There will pro- bably be a large number of squatters in Rockhampton during the week of the show and races in July next ; and if a committee were at once formed for the purpose of calling a meeting at that time to discuss the subject of utilising our surplus fat stock, many might be induced to come to Rockhampton who would not otherwise think it worth their while to do so. A meeting truly representing the stock owners of the Central districts ' might thus be secured, and it might then be considered advisable to nominate two ? or three of their number to consult with Mr. Bertram respecting the proposal of the directors of the present company. A sub-committee so chosen would doubtless be furnished by the resident manager with all requisite information as to the prospects of meat preserving being made a profitable business, and also as to the value of the property proposed to be transferred from the present to a new company. We are firmly persuaded that the Lake's Creek Works and Messrs. Whitehead's process together offer an exceptionally favourable opportunity of carrying on a profitable business, and the matter is certainly worth inquiry not with a view to satisfy an idle curiosity, but to make an earnest and determined effort to provide an outlet for our surplus fat stock. His Honor Judge Blake, accompanied by Mr. P. Real, Crown Prosecutor, loft town by Saturday morning's train, en route for Spring- sure, where the District Court sittings com- mence this morning. The judicial functionaries will afterwards proceed to Clermont, the Court opening there next Monday. CROWDED bouses attended at the School of Arts on Saturday, both at the afternoon and evening performances of the "Ghost" enter- tainment. The programme tn the evening was diversified by tho introduction of the farce, "The Two Othellos," in which Mr. J. Clinton succeeded in keeping the audience in roars of laughter almost throughout the piece. Mr. J. Down, who has a good tenor voice, sang "My Pretty Jane" and "Good-bye, Sweetheart," with expression and musical effect, and was loudly applauded. Miss Violet Bose sang several songs very BWcetly, but thc gem of the evening was her renderiog of the song, " Wc parted by the river," for which an encore was demanded and gracefully acceded to. ' The Sphinx and tho " Haunted House " brought the performance to a cloBe, the audience appearing well pleased with thc mysterious and startling apparitions. IT will be remembered that a few months ago, tho Thomas Day, ketch, was wrecked ten miles to thc Bouth of Cape Capricorn, I while on a voyage from Maryborough to this port laden with timber. Tho ketch was tho property of Mr. Henry Wilson, thc well known Stevedore, ami left hero in charçe of Captain Fenwick. After loading at Mary- borough she sailed in charge of a person named Hcndry and was wrecked as stated. On May 13 Mr. Wilson and party left in a boat for the scene of tho wreck, and arrived there on the third day from thc date of starting. They found thc ketch was embedded in tho sand on an even keel, the sand being up to within a foot of the deck, and the water flowing in and out of her nt high tides. The i timber was discharged and placed in safety on ' shore, and operations commenced with a view to releasing thc craft. This was a work of several days, but after thc saud had been well cleared away and screws set to raise her, Hie ketch was eventually placed on i blocks, end ou to tho sea, and is now ready ! for launching. An examination disclosed that little damage was sustained, and the fact of only 6even or eight scams requiring to bc caulked shows thnt thc Thomas Day must have been substantially built to have withstood the sea. During Ute time thc party were at the wreck their provisions ran out, and a start was made for Monte Christo Station, six miles away. S ailors arc not thc host of bushmen, and the fact was fully demonstrated 011 this occasion, as Mr. Wilson and his men did not strike the station until they had travelled about forty miles, over rough and swampy country. A hearty meal was made an arriva! at thc station, and Mr. Vntcrson, tim uu-ner, kindly supplied thc roipiirud pro- visions, and si?nt .1 stockman to guide thc party t>> thc- wreck. rnryiliiiiy; a lino hi carie they found it no.-cs^.ry lo rrturn ng-iin. Finally tin: men left (he wreck and lmardcd the Fitzroy, sto;im,-Uie, at Sea Hill, by which tliey arrived in tn'rn. Tile ketch .ind gear arc for private salo, Ii -it should no suitable offer be received, tho nv ncr int-tuls to launch her ln'Mi"elf, which i' is stated can lie ncroinp'ijhcd with little tiun'jli; at spring liiKs. THERE were no case* for hearing at the Police Court on Saturday. TOE E. and A. Company's B.M.S. Nor- manby with the mails from England to the date of April 25, viâ Brindisi, and the usual Eastern advices to May 26, is due off Cook- town to-morrow, at Townsville on Wednesday, at Bowen the following day, and in Keppel Bay on Friday. IT will be seen by .advertisement that the well known Burton's Circus is to open here on Thursday next. Their stay is to be short -for three nights only- having a day per- formance on Saturday. What with the Theatre, the Ghost, and the Circus, we shall have lively times of it. DR. SALMOND, Health Officer, boarded the immigrant ship Scottish Lassie on Saturday morning at daylight. In reply to the usual inquiries he learned that a single woman died on the 28th May from typhoid fever, and that two single women were sick in the hospital. Ho found the ship clean, and the remaining passengers healthful and cheerful. As the death from typhoid had occurred so recently, and as it was uncertain whether the inmates of the hospital were afflicted with the same disease, Dr. Salmond felt it his duty to withhold pratique-at least for a few days, until the illness of the two girls had time to develop, itself. He, however, permitted the immigrants who felt so disposed to land on the beach and enjoy themselves after their long voyage. He gave instructions to have the vessel thoroughly fumigated, and daily reports sent to him by telegram from Dr. Sullivan, the Surgeon-Superintendent, as to the condition of the sick women. Dr. Salmond received the first report yester- day morning, stating that one of the girls was improving, but that the other was in about the same state as that of the previous day. Dr. Sullivan also reported that the dis- infectants had been freely used, and that the healthy passengers had had a good run on shore. The Health Officer will return to the ship on Tuesday night, and should no further unfavourable symptoms arise it is probable that the immigrants may be brought to town on Wednesday; but should the disease now apparent declare itself to be typhoid, the regulations will be strictly enforced and the vessel placed in quarantine. There were five deaths during the voyage of the Scottsih Lassie. TJTE cricket match-Rockhampton versus Fitzroy-was resumed on Saturday last, and os was expected resulted in a victory for the former club by 104 runs. The Rockhampton team were the first at the wickets, and suc- ceeded in making 99 before they were disposed of, 84 being off the bat. Bowman handled thc willow splendidly, making the top score of 34 by excellent cricket ; G. Boldeman 14, Hall 12, and Faunce 10, also played well for their figures. On the Fitzroy side Mayne made a very lucky 22, against good bowling ; Crow's 7 was the next highest, and Jones with 5 came next; the innings closing for 43, in- cluding 5 byes. Thd scores are appended : ROCKHAMPTON CC-SECOND INNINOS. . M. Kaine, c Kelly, b Crow.0 H. 8. Martin, b Bartlem .4 T. T. Faunce, b Bartlem .10 A. J. Haswell, e alayne, b Crow .2 F. Milford, b Crow .1 G. Boldeman, b Crow.14 C. Bowman, c Mayne, b BmaUweod.84 F. Boldeman, b Crow.0 H. Boldeman, c Smallwood, b Bartlem .. .. 4 T. Hall, c Cheshire, b Smallwood.12 W. J. Anthony, not ont.8 Byes 12, leg byes 1.ls Total. . 07 FITZROY CC- RECOMÍ INNINOS. .T. Yates, b H. Boldeman . 2 D. Mayne, c Anthony, b G. Boldeman .. 22 J. Bartlem, b F. Boldeman. 0 A.Crnw, bF. Boldeman . 7 H. Fitzmaurice, lbw, b F. Boldeman. 0 F. Choshlre, c Faunce, b F. Boldeman .. 0 J. B. Mills, run out . 0 G. B. Jones, b J. Kelly, b F. Boldeman . 1 F. Smith, c and b G. Boldeman . 1 J. Smallwood, not out. 0 Byes.5 Total.. .. '.4S THOSE who visited the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening last, enjoyed n treat in thc double bill-"Lady Andloy's Secret" "and Black-ey'd Susan "-prepared for tho occasion. The Volunteer Band nuder the leadership of Mr. Bickle, by its presence, lent an additional charm to thc entertainment, playing som choice selections during the intervals. In the opening piece, Miss Clara Stephenson personated Tjadg Amlle;/; which being a character demanding no small amount of histrionic ability, brought out that lady's versatile capacity to perfection ; and tho auxiliary characters being quite up to the mark, thc drama went off ns successfully as anything yet produced from tho manager's repertoire. Kilke Marl*, the unscrupulous possissor of Lidy Awllei/'s dreadful secret, found a capital exponout in Mr. F. Wills. Indeed so well did that gentleman perform his part that it is to bc regretted he is so seldom seen on thc stage. His make-up was suitable, and thc man lie represented was never lost sight of from first to last. Whatever character is entrusted to Mr. Patterson is always done full justice to, and Sir Michael Anding ».as no exception to his many previous suc- cesses os a careful, painstaking actor : thc fond doting septuagenarian baronet seeming 09 uatural tu him as any of his other dissimilar personations. Although scarcely the Aliña Audley of thc novel, Miss Fanny Rogers did her best by that haughty young aristocrat, her acting being ' spirited and piquant. fíobed Awlleif was undertaken by Mr. T. C. Mortyne, and was quite up to that actor's usual efforts. Of the others. Mr. Clinton was nu excellent George Taihoa* ; and Miss Patty Holt did her utmost by P/m'lir Armin. Tho applause was frequent and enthusiastic throughout. " Black-cy'd .Susan " gave Mr. J. Hcsford an opportunity of displaying bis ability in another line of the profession-thc sailor. As William, the daring frolicsome British' seaman, he carried tho audience willi bim to the end, adding fresh laurels to his already well- established fame. Mr. Heston!, apparently without an effort, identifies himself with the part he assumes, making it incumbent on the audience to regard thc spectacle before them as an incident of real life. In all tile scenes after Iiis condemnation lie was almost painfully natural, and Miss Stephenson (Sn.ia.ii) playing np tn him in her usual thrilling and effective manner, helped to intensify thc interest in thc sequel. Of the subsidiary characters, Mr. Patterson's Dot/yram was decidedly thc best. Miss Patty Holt and Mr. Clinton wore warmly applauded for their double hornpipe, and Miss Rogers for her FO:K'. A w-n-.l of praise is duo to Messrs. Douglas mil Hassell Fur t!i-.;ir scenic and mechanical cIR- cts, «hieb «ere respectively creditable. The oiilcrtainmcnt closed at a 'ate lunn-, tin; audience leaving well satisli-d with tin' evening's amusement. Tonight " The Oi-tornnn " will be produced, with Miss SU-phcusiin as Zt>-\ Mr. .!. Hcsford as Jacob MrClodj, and Mr. Wills in his well known character of WaJi-no-tee. Being a play suited to the ahilitiea of the company, a night's pleasure may be anticipated. 