the number seven. When God created the world he rested on the 7th day. There are 7 days in the week, 7 letters in the name of Jehovah, 7 syllables in the Mahommedan formula of prayer — la ill Allah ill Allah. Everyone is familiar with the 7 fat and 7 lean kine ; the 7 fruitful and 7 barren ears of corn, 7 years of plenty and 7 years of famine. Jacob served 7 years for Rachel, and was cheated with Leah, and served another 7 years, and re ceived his reward. Seven days he was followed by Laban, his father-in-law. When Jacob died his son Joseph lamented for him 7 days. Every 7th year the Israelites permitted their fields to remain idle and nntilled ; this was called the "Sabbatical year." At the siege of Jericho 7 priests, with 7 trumpets, went round the city, and at the 7th time the walls fell. Seven times ten were the Israelites held captive in Babylon. Seven times times ten Hebrew scholars translated the Old Testament into Greek for the Alex andrian Library. There were seven times ten members of the High Council of Jerusalem, not counting the high priests. When Peter asked, " Lord, how many times must 1 forgive my brother ; is it enough 7 times?" Jesus replied, " I say unto you not 7, but seventy times 7." "A just man falleth 7 times and riseth up again.' — Prov. xxiv., 16. " When thine enemy speaketh fair, believe him not, for there are 7 abominations in his heart." — Prov. xxvi., 25. There are 7 attributes of the Almighty, 7 gifts of the Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of penitence, 7 supplications in the Lord's Prayer, 7 words of the cross ; the Catholic Church has 7 sacraments. There are 7 wounds of Christ on the cross. In Revelations there are 7 angels with 7 golden chalices, filled with divine wrath ; also 7 lamps with 7 flames are mentioned there. Who does not know of the " 7 sleepers," the 7 youthful Christian martyrs, who escaped in a cavern near Ephe8us and fell asleep, and slumbered un disturbed for 200 years ? There are 7 wonders of the world, 7 wise men of Greece. The Mo- hnminedan's paradise contains 7 heavens. Rome has been governed by 7 kings, likewise Prussia, for the 7th i6 now Emperor Wilhelm. During the 7 years' war under Frederick II. history mentions 7 important battles. The war in Spain between the Carlists and Christians lasted 7 years. The Franco-Prussian war lasted 7 months, and the 7th Regiment was the first to distinguish itself. On the 28th (4 times 7) of September, 1870, Strasbourg surrendered ; on the 28th of October, Metz, and on the 28th of January, 1871, Paris. Rome is built on 7 hills ; so are Constantinople, Nuremburg, Hamburg, and Lisbon. Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bagdad and Morocco are ; each had 7 gates. Seven cities claimed the honor of being Homer's birthplace. There were 7 steps leading to the tomb of Darius, the Persian king ; 7 steps to Solomon's throne ; 7 arms or branches to the lamp in the Temple at Jerusalem ; 7 wicks in the perpetual lamp (eternal flame) to the rites of the Greek Church. The River Nile has 7 mouths. There are 7 Canary islands, 7 Ionian Islands, 7 colours in the rainbow ; there are 7 tones in the musical scale, 7 precious metals. Pleiades, one of the most beautiful constellations, numbers 7 stars. . There are 7 cardinal virtues ; three of these are Faith, Hope, and Charity, " and the greatest of these is Charity." The Dnke of Wellington had 7 marshals' staffs. The Pope is priest of 7 churches. The human head has 7 openings. The entrance to the celebrated dome at Colonge has 7 pillars set upon 7 pedestals surmounted by 7 statues. 