TALES AND SKETCHES.; , i VIXiN. A. NEW iNOVEI 1-, : ... ' tv-.i BY MISS M. E. BRADDGN. " Author of "Ladv Audlev's Secret," &c.; sea, . CgAiTER YXXTTT.— Goitia ieto Exile. After a long sleepless night -of tossing te and fro Vixen rose with the first stir of life in'tha old -house, and mado herself ready to faco 'the bleak hard world. Her meditations of the nighi had brought no new light to her mind, it waa very clear to her that she must go away— as 'far as possible from her old home. Her banishment was necessary for everybody's sake. For the sake of .Rorio; who must behave liko a man of -honor, ana ' keep his engagement with -Lady Mabol, and shut his old playfellow out Of his heart. For the sake of Mrs. Winstanlcy, who could never bo happy while there was di3cord in her homo ; and-lastof all, for Violct horsclf, who felt that joy and peaco had fled from the 'Abby House for over, 'and that it would bo bctter to ffio anywhere, in the coldest, strangcat region df thia wide earth, verily friendless and -alono among strange facc3, than bore among friends who' wore but friends in name, arid among awriceHliat were liaunted with' the ghoists -of dtad joys. .-v-! Sho went 'Tonnd tho gardens and ahrabkortto in the early morning, looking svllyat overt hing, as if she were 'bidding the trco3 and fiowiers-va long farewell. 'Tho rhododendron thickets wa shining with dew, -tho gra3sytraciks in' tlrat wil derness of verdure wero wet and cold undir Vixen's feet. She wandered in -and -out -among the ; girinps' of wild-growing shrubs, rising roiio above another to tbe height of forest trees,' -and -then :slio went out .by the old five-barred gate -which Titmouse used to j amp so merrily, arid rambled'- in -the plantation till tho sun was high, and -the. pines ibogan to brcatho forth -thoir incense as the day-god wanned them irito life. It was -half-past eight. Nine was tho'hour for breakfast, a-mcal at which, during tho -Sqairo's time, 'the fragile-Pamela had rarely appeared, >b«t which, under the' present regime, sho gonontUy (graced with her presence. Captain Winstariley was an early risor, and was nob sparing in !his oott- 'tempt -for sluggish habits. , Vixenliad-made up bcr mind -never agftin'toiit Published Uy special arrangement witli the ouUmc 'AU-ruvhtaroiorved. ilt meals with )erstcpfrtthc;'KO she wcntstraight jo her own den, and told Phoebe to bring her a otip of tea . . .. i" I don't want 'anything else," she said wearily when th<j girl, suggested a more.Bubstan- \- iiahbrcahfast1 j , I should, like to see mamma presently." Do , you, . know , if slio .bps' gone flown?" ' " lfo; miss.; Mrs. Winstanley is not very well ihis morning. Pauline has taken her up, a cup pf, too,". ' ' ' ' -. Vixen sat idly by the open window, sipping her tia,'and caressing Argus's big head with a listless hand, waiting for the next' stroke of fate. She was Sfliiry for her mother, but had no wish1 to see her. "What could they say to each other— they, whosh thoughts and feelings were so wide apart"? Prcsontly Pbtobe came in with a little three-cor- ncrcd note, written in pencil. .. . " Pauline asked me to give you this from your: tta, miss." ' / ' Tho note ' was brief, written. in short. gasps, with dashes between thorn. : "I feel too crushed and ill to see you— I have told Conrad what you wish— ho is. all goodness- he will tell yoii' what we have decided— try to bo worthier of hi.; kindness— poor misguided child— lie will see you in his study, directly after breakfast — pray control your unhappy temper." "jlis study,' indeed 1" ejaculated Vixen, tear- big up tho little note and scattering its perfumed iragmonts on tho breeze ; " my father's room, which ho has usurped. I think I hate him just a Jittlo worse in that room than anywhere else, though that would seem hardly possiblo, . when I hate him so cordially everywhere." Sho' went 'to her looking-glass, and surveyed herself proudly as she. smoothed her -shiny hair, resolved that he should see. ' no indication of trouble or contrition in her face. She was very :Palo, but hcrtcaTS of last night had left no traces. There was a steadiness in- hbr look thai1 befitted , an encounter with an enemy. V. A message came from tho Captain, while she was standing before hor glass, tying a crimson ribbon -under' the collar of her white morning dress. 1 ' . ' "Would she please to.go (inr.'yinstanligr ' in the study? She went without an instant's delay; walked quietly into the 'room, -and stood, before him silently as he sat at his'desk writing. "Good morning, Miss Tcmpdst," he said, look ing up at her with the blandest air ; " sit down, If you please, I want to have a chat witb'you." I Vixen seated herself in her" father's large crim- Jon morocco chair. Sho was looking round the room, absently, dreamily, quite disregarding the Captain. The dear old room was full of sadly iwcot associations. For the moment she forgot tho existence of her foe. His cold'Iovcl tones re called her thoughts from the lamented past to tho bitter resent. v.) . " Your mother informs me that yoU wish to Ibavo the Abbey House, " he began ; ' ' and she has . yopowcrwl me to arrange a "suitable home for you Wsewhcro. I entirely concur in your opinion that four absence from Hampshire for tho next year or so will.be advantageous to yourself and ethers. You and Mr.1 Vawdrey have contrived to -get your selves unpleasantly , talked about in . the neigh borhood; Any further scandal, may possibly be prevented by yourdeparture." 1 ''It is not oh that account I- wish "to leave; homo," said Vixen proudly; ;," I am not afraid of scandal. If the people hereabouts arc so wicked . that thoy cannot seo me riding by the side of an old friend for two or three days running without thinking evil of him audrne, I am sorry for them, but I certainly; should not regulate my life to ipleasc them. : The ; reason I wish to leave tho Abbey House -is that I am miserable here, "and 'bttve been ever- sirice you entered it as its master. J We - may as well deal frankly with each other in this matter. You confessed last night that yon-hated -me. I acknowledge, to-day that l have hated you over since I first saw' you. It was an instinct." _ .......... "Wc need not discuss that," answered the Captain calmly. "Heh'ad let passion master him! last night,, but ho had himself well in hand to day, She might bo.asrproyoking-as she pleased,: but she should not provoke him to betray himself is he Lad-done last niglit. He detested himself for that weak outbreak of passion. , , ,< : " Have you arranged with my mother for my leaving home ?" inquired Vixeni ? ? b j f.!?.."Ycs, it isallsetlled." ; . . . .; ; VjTh'cn I'll write at once .to Miss :McCrokoi ,1 bnoiy she will leave the .people she is with: to ;jravcl with mc." - ,"Mise McCrokc has nolton'g to "do. -.&7 the ..(Dilation. Your roaming about the world with a superannuated governess wouid bo too prepostcr- , ous. I am going to take you to . Jersey by! this \- evening's boat. I. have an auntjiving there who .. has a fine old manor house, an,d who will bohappy to take charge of you. She is a maiden lady, -a Woman of superior cultivation, who devotes her- , self wholly to intclloctnal pursuits. - Her refining influence will ho valuable to you. The island is . lovely, the climate delicious. . You could not bo , better off than you will be at LcsTourclles." " I am hot going to Jersey, and; I am not going to your intellectual aunt," said Vixen reso lutely. . " I beg your pardon, you arc going, and imme diately. Your mother and I have settled the matter between us. You have expressed a wish' io leave home, and you will bo pleased to go .where wc think . proper. You had better tell Phcobe to pack your trunks. Wc shall leave here .at ton o'clock in the evening. The boat starts from Southampton at midnight." i. Vixoh felt herself conquered. Sho had stated her .wish, and it was granted ; not in the modo and manner she had desired ; but perhaps she ; aught to he grateful for release from a home that ; bad .become loathsome to licr, and not tako ob jection to details in tho scheme of her exile. To \- go away, quite away, and immediately, was the grand point. To fly before she saw Itoric again. . Heaven knows kow weak I might he if he : Verc to talk to mc again as ho talked last night !" .mhc:said to herself. "I might not be able to. -.bear it a second lime. Oh, Itorie, if you knew -/What it cost mc to counsel yon wisely, to bid you ..do. your duty ; when the vision of a happy life with yon was smiling at mo all the time, vWhcn ; the warm grasp of your dear hand made my heart thrill with joy, what a hcroino you would think mo ! ' And yet nobody will ever give mc credit for heroism ; and I shall ho ro_ mcmbcrcd only as a isclf-ivillctl young woman, ! who was troublesome, to her relations, and had to be sent away from home." She was thinking" this ' while she sat in her ! father's chair, deliberating upon the Captain's last speech. She decided presently to yield, and obey her mother and stepfather. After all, what did it matter where she went ? That scheme of being happy in Sweden with Miss McCrokc was ,but an idle fancy. In the depths of her inner consciousness Violet Tempest knew' that she could bo happy nowhere away from Rorio and the Forest. What did 1 it matter, then, whether she went to Jersey or Kamschatka, tho sandy desert of- Gobi or the Mountains of the Moon? In either caso exile meant moral death, tlic complete renunciation of 'all that had been sweet and pre cious in her uneventful young life — the shadowy beech-groves, the wandering streams, the heathery upland plains, the deep ferny hollow where the footsteps of humanity were almost unknown, the cluster of trees on the hill- tops, where the herons came sailing homo from their flight across South ampton Water, her childhood's companion, her horse, her old servants. Banishment meant a long farewell to all these. " I snpposc I may tako my.dog with me ?" she asked, after a long pause, during which she had wavered between submission and revolt, "and my maid?" "I see no objection to your taking your dog ; though I doubt whether my aunt will care to havo a dog of that size prowling about her house. He can havo a konncl somewhere, I daresay. You must learn to do without a maid. ' Feminine : helplessness is going out of fashion ; and ono would expect an Amazon like you to be independ ent of lady's-maids and milliners." " Why don't you state the case in plain Eng- ! lish ? " cried Vixen scornfully. " If I took Pliccbe with me she would cost money. There would be her wages and maintenance to ho provided. If I leave her behind, you can dismiss her. You have ' a fancy for dismissing old servants." ; " Had not you better sec to tho packing off your trunks?" asked Captain Winstanley, ignbr-j ing this shaft. . . i " What isto become of my liorso ?" ; i j , , "I think you must resign yourself to leavo him1 to fo and mc," replied the Captain coolly ; " my' . aunt may submit to the infliction of your dog, but that she should tolerate a young lady's roaming ! about the island on a thoroughbred horse would be rather too much to expect from her old-fashion ed notions of propriety." " Bosides, even Arion would cost something to keep," retorted Vixen, "and strict economy is' the rule of your life. If you sell him— and, of course, you will do so— please let Lord Mallow .have the refusal of him. I think ho would buy . him, and treat him kindly, for my sake. " " Wouldn't you rather Mr. Vawdrey had him ?" " " Yctej if' I were free to give him away ; but I suppose you would deny my right of property even in the horse my father' gave mc. " Well, as the horse was. not specified in your father's will, and as all his horses and carriages; were left to your mother, I think there cannot he any doubt that Arion is my wife's property. " "Why not say your property? Why give un natural prominence to a cipher? Do you think I; hold my poor mother to blame for any wrong that is done tome, or to others, in this house ? No,', Captain Winstanley, I have no rcsciitmcnt against my mother. She is a blameless nullity, dressed,! in the latest fashion." ; ";' i "Go and pack your boxes 1 " cried- the Cfiptainj angrilyi " Do you want to raise thddcril'thatSyas! : raised last night ?; Do you/waiii' ; ah other coil-! flagration ? f It i)iight be . I have had a night of fcyc.r;auil uurest.'";-.4(ic -dw, S Am i to blame ior that?/';, 1 " Yes— you bcautifiil f liiy.'/ It'was';ypur imago' kept mo;awnke,4;!:I shall'siccpi'dun ; are out of this house;",. 1 / ,, f ' j " I shall be rcady: tpA.tart.at ton Vixen, m a business-like Uone ; which curiously contrasted this sudden gust of passion on the 'part of her fco, and humiliaicd him to tho dust. He loathed himself for having let her sco her "power to hurt him. . - She left- him, and went straight upstairs to licr ropm, aiid gave Phoebe directions about the pack ing of her portmanteaux, with no more outward semblance of emotion than sho might havo shown hashe been starting on a round of pleasant vis its undor the happiest circumstances. The faith ful Phoebe began to cry when she heard that Miss Tempest was going away for a long time, and that she was not to go with her ; and poor: (Yixcn had to console her maid instead of brood-: ing upon her own griefs. "Never mind, Phoebe," she said'; " it is as hard for mc'tb lose you as it is foif you to lose ine. I shall never forget what' a devoted little thing you have been, andiall the muddy habits you have brushed without a murmur. A few years hence I shall bo my own mistress, and have plenty of money, and then, wherever. I may he, you shall come to me. If you arc married you shall be my housekeeper, and your husband shall be my but ler, arid your chlidrpn shall run wild about the . place, and be mado as .much of as the litter of young foxes Bates reared in a corner of the stable- yard, when Mr. Vawdrey was at Eton." " Oh, miss, I don't want no husband nor no children, I only wan't yon for my missus. And when you come of ago, will you live bore, miss, ?" " No, Pliccbe. The Abbey House will belong to mamma all her life. Poor mamma ! may it be long before tbc dear 'old house comes to me. But when I am of age and my oivn mistress I shall find a place somewhere in the Forest, you may be sure of that, Phoebe." Phoebe dried her honest tears, and made haste with the packing, believing that Mis3 Tempest was leaving home for licr own pleasure, and that she, Phoebe, was the only victim of adverse fate. The day wore on quickly, though it was laden with sorrow. Vixen had a great deal to do in licr den ; papers to look over, old letters, pen-and-ink sketches and scribblings of all kinds to destroy, hooks and photographs to pack. There were certain things she could not leave behind her, Then there was a melancholy hour to spend in the stable, feeding, caressing, and weeping over Arion, who snorted his tcndcrcst snorts, and i licked her hands with abject devotion — almost as if he knew they wore going to part, Vixen thought. Last of all came the parting with her mother. Vixen hari postponed this with an aching 'dread I of a scene, in which she might perchance'loses her temper, and he betrayed into bitter utterances ' that sho would afterwards repent with useless j tears.' She had spoken the truth to her stepfather ' when she told him that she held her mother : blameless ; yet tbo fact that she had hut the . smallest share in that mother's heart was cruelly ! patent to her. _ It was nearly four o'clock in the afternoon when i Paulino came to Violet's room with a message ' from Mrs. Winstanley. She had been very ill all the morning, Paulino informed Miss Tempest, suffering severely from nervous headache, and obliged to lie in a darkened room. Even now she was barely equal to seing anyone. " Then she had better not see me," said Vixen icily J " I can write her a little note to say good bye. Perhaps it would be just as well. Tell mamma that I will write, Pauline." Pauline departed with this message,- and re turned in five minutes with a distressed visage. " Oh, miss ! " she exclaimed, " your message quite upset your poor mamma. She said, ; ' How could she 1 ' and began to get almost hysterical. And those hysterical fits end in such fearful headaches." " I will como at.once," said Vixen, Mrs. Winstanley was lying on a sofa near an opeu window, the Spanish blinds lowered , to ex clude tbc afternoon sunshine, the perfume of the gardens floating in upon the soft summer air. A tiny teapot and cup and saucer on a Japanese tray showed that the invalidhad been luxuriating in her favorite stimulant. There were vases of flowers about the room, and an all-pervading per fume and coolness— a charm half sensuous, half orthotic. " Violet, how could you send me such a mes sage ?" remonstrated the invalid fretfully. " Dear mamma, I did not want to trouble you. I know how you shrink from all painful things ; and you and I could hardly part without pain, as wo are parting to-day. Would it not have been! better to avoid any farewell ? " , . "If you had any natural affection, you would -never liavo suggested such a thing." ' " Then perhaps I have never had any natural 'affection," answered Vixen, with subdued bitter ness ; " or only so small a stock that it ran out early in my life, and left mc cold and hard and unloving. I am sorry we are parting like this, mamma. I am still more sorry that you could not spare mic a little of the regard which you havo bestowed so lavishly upon a stranger. " " Violet, Low can you?" sobbed her mother. " To accuse me of withholding my affection from you, when I have taken such pains with you from your very cradle ! I am sure your frocks, from the day you were short-coated, were , my constant care ; and when you grew a big, lanky girl, who would, have looked odious in common place clothes, it was my delight to in vent, pictur esque and becoming costumes for you, I have spent hours poring over books of prints, studying Vandyke and Sir Peter Lcly, and I have let you wear some of my most valuable lace ; and as for indulgence of your whims ! Pray when have I over thwarted you in anything? " " Forgive mo, mamma .'" cried Vixen peni- 'icntly; She divined -dimly— even in the midst of that flood of bitter, feeling in which' her young soul was overwhelmed — that Mrs. Winstanley had been a good mother, according to hen lights. The tree had homo such fruit as was natural to' its kind. 7 " Pray forgive me ! You 'have, been' .good', -ibid kind aud indulgent, and tve should j-hayegone on happily together to the end of, tile' chapter, if fate had been kinder." ' ; '"'-''It's.'iio'iBO your talking of fate. in <tkat:- wajy Violet, ." retorted her mother captiously'. ,"I know; you moan Conrad." ' 4' , ; -'I. "Perhaps I do,, mamma ; hut don't let \is talk of him any more. Wc should never, agree about him. You and ho can be quite haiw when I am gone. Poor, dear, trusting, innocent-minded mamma !" cried Yixcn, kneeling hy her mother's cliaif and .putting licr arms round her ever so tenderly. "May your path of life be smooth and strewn with floweis when I am gone. If Captain Winstanley does not always treat you kindly, lie will be a greater scoundrel than I think him. But ho has always been kind to you, has he not, mamma? You are not hiding any sorrow of yours from me?" asked Vixen, fixing her great brown eyes on her mother's face with earnest inquiry. She bad assumed -the maternal part. She sbemed ail . anxious mother questioning her darightcr. "Kind to me," echoed Mrs. Winstanley. " He lias been all goodness. We have - never had a difference of opinion sine'e wc were'marricd." "No, inamma, because you always lefer.to his opinion." "Is not that my duty, when Iknow how clever aud far-seeing he Ls ?" " Frankly, dear mother, are you as happy with this new husband of yours-r-sb wise and far-see ing, and determined to have his own way in every thing — as you were with my dear, indulgent, easy-tempered father ?" - ' - ! Pamela Winstanley burst .into a passion of tears. "How can you be so cruel?" she exclaimed. " Who can give back tho past, or the freshness and brightness of one's youth ? Of course I was happier with your dear father than I can ever be again. It is not in nature that it should be other wise. How could you be so heartless as to ask mo such a question?" She dried her tears slowly, and was not easily comforted. It seemed as if that speech pf Violet's had touched a spring that opened a fountain of grief.- - - - ' " This means that mamma is not happy with her second husband, in spite of her praises of him," thought Vixen. . , Sho remained, kneeling by her mother's side comforting her as best sho could, until Mrs. Winstanley had recovered from tho wound her daughter's heedless words had inflicted, and then Violet began to say good-bye. " You will write to me sometimes, won't you, mamma, and tell mo bow the dear old place is going on, and about tlic old pcoplo who die — dear familiar white heads that I shall never sco again — and the young people who get married, and the babies that arc born ? You will write often, won't you, mamma ?" " Yes, ! dear,; as often as my strength will allow." " Ypu igiight' even get Pauline to write to me| sometimes, to tell me how you arc and what you aro doing ; that "would Bo bettor than nothing." " Pauline shall write when I am not equal to holding a pen," sighed Mrs. Winstanley. "And, dear mamma, if you can prevent it, don't let any more of the old servants be sent away. If they drop off ono by ono home will seem lik6 a strange place_at last. Remember how ! they loved my dear father, how attached and faithful they havo been to us, They arejike our own flesh and blood." " I should never willingly part with servants who know my ways, Violet. But as to Bates's dis- ' missal— there are some things I had rather not discuss with you — I am sure that Conrad acted for the best; and from tho highest motives." " Do you know anything about this placo to which I am going, mamma!," asked Vixen, letting her mother's last speech pass, without comment ; " or thelady who is to bo my duenna?" " Your future has been fully discussed between "Conrad, and me, Violet. Ho tellB me that the old Jersey manor house — Lea Tourelles it is called —is a delightful place, one of the oldest seats in Jersey and Miss Skipwith, to whom it belongs, is a well-informed conscientious old lady, very religious, I bcliove, so you will have to guard against your sad habit of speaking lightly about sacred things, my dear Violet." "Do you intend me to live, there for ever, mamma?" " For ever ! What a foolish question. In six; years you jyill bo of age, and your own mistress." " Six years — six years in a J ersey manor house — with a pious old lady. Don't you think that would seem very much like for ever, mamma ?" ; asked Vixen gravely, " My dear . Violet, neither Conrad nor I want- to banish you from your natural home. We only! want you to learn wisdom. When Mr. Vawdroy is married, and when you havo learnt to think! kindly of my dear husband " " That last change will never happen to me, mamma. I should havo to dio and be born again first, and, even then, I think my dislike of' Cap tain Winstanley is so strong that purgatorial fires would hardly burn it out. No, mamma, wc had better say good- bye without any forecast of the f uture. Let us forget all that is sad in our part ing and think we are only going to part for a little while." ! i Many a time in after days did. Violet Tempest remember those last serious words of hers. The rest of .her conversation with her mother: -was about trifles, the" trunks and bonnet-boxes ' shd was to cairy with her — the dresses she p as to wear in her exile. . . , . . . j "Of course in a retired old house in Jersey, j with an elderly maiden lady, you will not- sco much society," said Mrs. Winstanley ; ' but Ijliss Skipwith must know people — no doubt the best people' in the island— and I should not like you! to be shabby. Aro you really positive that you have dresses enough to carry you over noxtj winter ?" . . r / . v,. i This last question was asked with deepest solemnity. > I " More than enough, mamma. " - 1 , ' ! And do you think your last winter's jacket " will do?".' ... . / Excellently.'-! ; - «' ' " I'm very.gladpf that," said her mother, with a sigh of relief,, "for I have an awful bill of Theodore's hanging 1 over my head. I'have been paying her sums on account ever since your poor papa's death jand you know /that is never quito satisfactory. : All that one has paid hardlyseems to make' any difference iii the ; amount due at the end.",''. . . ' .:.'-r-! !: "-Don't worry! yourself about, your' bill, mam ma'. Let :it staud over till I come! of ago, and then l ean help you to pay it." You are very generous, dear ; but Theodore , would not wait so long, even for mc. ' Be sure you take plenty of- wraps for the steamer. Sum mer nights are often chilly." : Vixen thought of last night, and the long straight ride through' the pine wood, the softf scented air, tho young moon shining down at her, and Rorio by her side. Ah, when should sho over know such a summer night as that again ? " Sit down in this low chair by mc, and have a cup of tea, dear," said Mrs. Winstanley, growing more affectionate as the hour of parting drew nearer. " Let us have kettledrum together for the last time, till you comeback to us." "For the last time, mamma!" echoed, Violet sadly. .... , . She could not imagine any possible phase of circumstances that would favor her. - return. Could sho como hack to see Roderick Vawdrey happy with his wifo ? Assuredly not. Could she school herself to endure life under the roof that sheltered Conrad Winstanley ? A thousand times no. Coming homo was something, to be dreamt about when she lay asleep in a distant land ; but it was a dream that never could ho realised. Sho must make herself a new life, somehow, among new people. The old life died to-day. She sat and sipped her tea, and listened while her mother talktd cheerfully of the future, and even pretended to agree ; but her heart was heavy as lead. An hour was dawdled away thus, and then, when Mrs. Winstanley began to think about dressing for dinner, Vixen went off to finish her packing, She excused herself from going down to dinner on the plea of having so much to do. " You could send me up something, pleaso,- mamma," she said. " I am sure you and Captain Winstanley will dine more pleasantly without me. I shall sec you for a minute in the hall, be fore I start." . . " You must do as you please, dear," replied her mother. " I hardly feel equal to go down to dinner myself ; but it would not he fair to let Conrad cat a second meal in solitude, especially when we are to be parted for two or three days aud he is going across tho sea. I shall not have a minute's rest to-night, thinking of you both." " Sleep happily, dear mother, and leave us to Providence. Tho voyage cannot be perilous in such weather as this," said Vixen, with assumed cheerfulness. : Two hours later the carriage was at tho door, and Violet Tempest was ready to start. Her trunks were on tho roof of the brougham, licr dressing-bag, and travelling-desk and wraps were stowed away insido ; Argus was by. her sidcj his collar provided with a leather strap, by which she could hold him when necessary. ! Captain Winstanley was smoking "a cigar in the porch. , Mrs. Winstanley came weeping out. of. tho drawing-room, and hugged her daughter silently. Violet returned tho embrace, but said not a word till just at the last. " Dear mother," sho whispered earnestly" " never be unhappy about me. Lot me bear the blame of all that has gone amiss between us." " You had better be quick, Miss Tempest, if you wanteto be in time for the boat." said tho Captain from the porch. I am quite ready," answered Vixen calmly. Phcebe was at the carriage-door, tearful, and in everybody's way, hut pretendingto help. Argnj was sent up to the box, where he sat beside tho coachman with much gravity of demeanor, having first assured himself that his mistress was insido the carriage. Mrs. Winstanley stood in tho porch, kissing her hand ; and so thestrong highorso bore tho earriago away, through the dark shrub, beries, between banks of shadowy foliage, out into the forest-road, which was full of ghosts at this late hour, and would have struck terror to the hearts of any horses unaccustomed to its syl van mysteries. They drove through Lyndhurst, where the twinkling little lights in the shop-windows wero being extinguished by envious shutters, and where the shopkeepers paused in their work of cxtinc. tion to stare amazedly at the passing earriago ; not that a carnage was a strange apparition in Lyndhurst, but because the inhabitants had so little to do except stare. . Anon they came to Bolton's Bench, beneath a cluster of pine trees, on a hilly bit of common, . and then the long straight road to Southampton lay before them in the faint moonshine, with boggy levels, black furze-busbes, and a background . of wood oneither side. Violet satlooking steadily out of tho window, watching every bit of the road. How could she tell when she would see it again — or if ever, save in sad regretful dreams ? They mounted the hill, from whoso crest Vixcu took one last backward look at the wide wild land that lay behind them — a look of ineffable love and longing. And then she threw herself back in the earriago, and gave herself up to gloomy thought. There was nothing rnoro that she cared to see. They had entered the tame dull world of civilisa tion; They drove through the village of Eling, where' lights burned Lore and there in upper windows ; they crossed the slow" meandering river at Rejdbridge.,, Already the low line of lights in Southampton began to shine faintly in tho disfencc. Violet , shut - her eyes and let the land- s.capego by. 4 Suburban villas, suburban gardens on astraight rode beside a broad river with very, little trator in it.: There was nothing hero to regret.— ' ; 