M EL BOURN K. ollom our own corukspiiyhrw-n n Saturday Evening. An important question has been brought under the notice of the Government in rela tion to the judicial -duties .of those electoral registrars who ire also -iuslitea ot the peace, [t appears that a gentleman holding that duplicate position is anxious to ascertain whether, in the absence of a brother magis trate, he can sit on the Bench on the holding ■ if an Electoral Revision Court, and has ap plied to the Government for enlightenment 011 the subject. It is somewhat singular, that ilniost simultaneously with tile raising 01 this point in Victoria, what is virtually the same tjliestion has been brought before the L gislative Assembly of Queensland, one of the members of that body having moved foi a report ou the case of a eollectdc tif electoral ists who sat to adjiidi&tte; in a Revision Court. 1 understand that there is 110.doubt on the part of the Gnvernment of this colony A3 to the illegality of Su^lv a cdrtfcse, it being held that it would iikvAHdate the whole pro jeodings of the Revision Court iu which it Ojctirred. : That our judges ,have their hand3 prsttV full of work just now is evident from a con versation :which' occurred' between : the Chief Justice and Air. :Bilh'hg,!Q.C., at'the opening •>f theFnll'06iiirk:iW8V«^rn1ng. Mr. Billing ipplied to' 'His Hoiiot who vras the only judge 011 __tliej..belich)- to allmV the further hearing of the Case of \01ing.v. the Ballaral »Vater Ooitt.aUsioners- ^o;' stand over until Monday'. His Honor replied that he did not see his way to ' accede t'6 the application i .vith such arVearai o£ IMiSiness, and .the Criminal add Gircuit Courts coming on. Under ordinary ; circumstances, he would ; have had no. .hesitation in granting . the ad-. ; joumment, but he thought as things wer. situated ;it was the duty of the Court to push on with'businoss ^.'8 much as possible. Mr- Billing toho appeared very much dis ! inclined to continue: ihis arguments at what he called the. critical part of the. case before a single judge, pressed his application, and hinted that there flight bejdo.ubt as to the jurisdiction of a court composed of one judge. The Chief J.ustice said he had no' doubt on .this';subject, and Mr. Billing; finding thai Pis Honor would not give' way, proceeded with his arguments. The proceedings this wuek in the .Legisla tive Assembly.'afford; but little promise; of a rapid despatch of business ; butit.is not at all improbable that the joverument, with the aid of a majority of- the H.onse,'will very shortly take steps.to .check the course of any hon members who '"may Wilder themselves offensive by purposeless waste .of the public iime. Whether stringentsteps of this''kind ire takeu 'or not, it is certain that the Go vernmant will'push 011 the financial business of the session as fast as possible, while with reference to subsequent legislation, it is pro bable that one of the first measures dealt with will bo the Electoral Reform Bill abolishing plural voting, to be closely followed by the bill for the amen Inieut of the Consti tution, which latter will—so far as questions of general interest are concerned—most likely prove the Ultima Thule of legislation in Vic toria for some considerable time to come People here, in fact,; who profess to know something of the movement, behind the scenes of Government, 'assert with a gooo deal of confidence that in the very probable event of a rejection: of the Constitutional Reform Bill by the Legislative Council the Assembly will at once be dissolved in order that the sense of the country may be taken on the question with the least possible delay; this course being regarded a's an indispen*ab|e step towards jobtaiuing the-sanction of the Imperial Government to the proposed .mea sure if a reference of our. political difficulties to Great Britain should be considered neces sary. ; , , r if ' From the;OUlHne' which Professor Pepper gave last night of the• wonderful things which he proposes to show us in the scientific way, 1 should imagine that a great treat of a kind which hasjbeeh too rare here is in store for this community. Ghosts which appear and disappear as'mysteriously as any lover of the marvellous could wish, and are not afraid to descend from the stage and come to close quarters with the audience,.should in them selves prove ail unfailing source of attraction from their, novelty. But, according to the Professor's lecture, these airy beings form, only one (part of a series of wonders^ to pro duce which he ha3 provided himself with five waggon loads of apparatus. Work at the Exhibition buildings con-, tinues to proceed as rapidly as it has done since the day when Mr Mitchell commenced his gigantic undertaking. At the eastern half of the building, which is the most advanced portion, the p tinting of the walls is almost finished, and the rafters have been hoisted" into position. Where the dome is to be there are erected huge beams, wh ch appear, to be some of the appliances for raising the material rather thai: any portion of this iin partant part of the work. The labors of the gardeners have resulted in some -veil exe cuted pieces of ornamental work, riot'far from tlie grand entrance, but.the gardens generally are im a slate of transition, and the path leading from Fitzroy to Carlton, one of the few which the public are allowed- to use, is, since the present rain, in an almost im passable quagmire, worse even than the streets of Melbourne, and that is saying f> good deal. A Coach T)e.moltsueij.—The mail coach, which is run by Mr. Gibson, of Echuca, to the Lower and Upper Moira, Barman, Picola Ulupna, and on to Rutherford's Baughaney Station, met with an accident at the Lowei .Moira Station on Saturday, by which the conveyance was totally wrecked. The mail was driven by Mr. Gibson's son, and he, after pulling up at the station stockyard, dis mounted, and proceeded to take the horses out of the trap. One of the horses being re leased galloped off, and the second, which was still attached to the trap hv ons trace, followed suit. The pole of the conveyance struck Gibs 11 :: i:d knocked him do.vti, tin horse trcadin : 0:1 'his leg. The pole snapped o'l'short, and tin- '.mrse after dashing alomj for about fiftv yards, came into collision with the fence o.T 111;; i.'iiltivation paddock. I lie coach was capsized, and the swingle-trees breaking, the horse got tree. Two pane's of fencing were totally destroyed, and the con eh was very much damaged, the r.nder-carringo, polr>j swingle-trees, and seats, being broken up- Only one passenger was in the vehicle at the time, and he was thrown out but es caped uninjured. The horse that caused the accident was much given to golfing. 