MELBOURNE. (from our own correspondent.) July " What do you think of the Reform Bill, is one of the leading questions one hears, in conversation, since Mr. Berry's deliverance on Tuesday evening. In ultra -opposition circles the proposed measure is scented as a thing of "shreds and patches, a sort of " cut-purse of the empire n attempt at deal ing with so grave anissue, and generally among the more moderate opponents of the present Government, the measure is regarded as too sweeping in its innovations, and altogether calcinated to come upon sober-minded folks with somewhat of a shock. Even Ministe rial supporters themselves, especially those in the corner, say that the arbifraxy powers in ; regard to money votes claimed m the Bill, cannot be supported without considerable modification. One thing is certain —a long and dreary debate; because every Parliamen tary luminary, however feeble and flickering his light may be, will consider himself bound to speak on the question, so that when he goes before his constituents he may be able to produce Hansard on the matter. The de bate on the Reform Bill of last session has been published in a formidable volume, con taining the speeches from Hansard of all the members of both Houses who spoke on the question, and the sight of it gives an unfor tunate member of the "press gang" a sort of biilious attack as indicating what has to come in connection with the new bantling of the Government. 1 met one of the House messengers the other day staggering along under a load of these festive volumes, and he informed me that one -copy was being deli vered to each member, so that those who did not speak last -session, it may be anticipated, will cram up this time, altogether the verbal deluge that a suffering people may expect, is a caution. The budget proposals are the un- divided attention of Ministers in Cabinet at present. Upon this speech even more than Upon the Reform question the Government entertain a wholesome fear of die resale. There is no doling frith finance in a mounte bank style. It will be easier, some of the ex-treasnrera predict, for the gallant Major to chaff - the on a stomp platform at Ballarat, and point out how a saving of two millions has been effected, than to make both, ends meet in dealing with that particularly stubborn fact, the national account. The budget deliverance is on the notice paper for next Tuesday evening, but the details are by no means perfected, and if matters are not ready in time the usual formula— "The Treasurer on account of several important returns being yet unprepared will be unable, &c.;" — may be expected in the Ministerial oracle. The main features of the budget, I am informed, will be their out-and- out pro tective character, and any rash individuals who may have gone in for speculation in tobacco upon the strength of what Hm already appeared in certain newspapers as to the pro bable Government policy in connection with that article are likely to burn their fingers. I understand the Government has- ""dr its serious consideration the idea of suspend ing the selection of land until it has had time to review the working of1 the present system, with the view of introducing a totally new method of dealing with the pub lic estate. This new method, it may be pretty safe to predict, will be that of leasing; a large number of supporters of the present party in power, both m and out of the House, being understood to be favourable to that system. The hon. member for Carlton, Mr. Munro, is being a good deal chaffed just now over a bill he has given notice of his intention to introduce, which has for its object the giving to that electorate two members. 44 When Greek meets Greek then comes the tug of war," and the Celtic Monro's Hibernian foe- man, Mr. Curtain, is known to have been systematically canvassing the electorate ever since the last election. Mr. Monro's pro posed bill is accepted as a confession of in security on his part as against his redoubtable antagonist, Mr. Curtain, who interviews members of Parliament in the clubs and other places of resort, in the following style : — " You are not going to let him work that little game, are you, and let him escape me in that manner ; come now." My own impressi on is that Mr. Munro will find it I difficult to get the House to support a partial Electoral Reform Scheme. If touched at all, it will be general. This " unemployed " business is a great farce. There is no doubt but a large amount of real distress exists at .present in Mel- I bourne, bat the movement is being taken advantage of to the utmost by the loafer class. This section would not take hard work if they were offered it, and moreover, it must be in Melbourne. I was present at an "unemployed" deputation to-day, and such a lot of red-nosed, useless-looking loafers, it would be difficult to find. Quite a new feature has been introduced by Mr. Richmond Thatcher, the theatrical agent, who has opened a 44 Dramatic Agency " next door to Garten's Hotel, in Swanston- street. The window is placarded with squibs, political, theatrical, and other little racy scraps of news; caricatures of promi nent theatrical, political, and other public characters. A large crowd is always to be found in front of the window enjoying the fun, but to-day Henderson Africanus became very violent because a very cleverly-executed small papier- mache likeness of him—Jf -was put on view, with some humorous allusion to his connection with embassy matters. Africanus warned the proprietor, that if the figure was not removed within a certain time, he would smash the window. / In amusements , -dbonrne people never allow politics, comdrrMal depression, or any other cause to interfere. The Opera HouBe is crowded every evening to witness the first- class Comedy Company, introduced by Mr. Lyster. u The Girls " being free from the objection that many had to " Friends," viz., its rather high French tone, is being well patronised by dress circle as well as the other parts of the house. In the comedian (Mr. Marshall) we have an actor unequalled ' since the days of Lambert and Rogers. Then the manner in which the plays are mounted, eclipses anything in that line that has hitherto been placed before a Melbourne audience. At the Academy the Lin- gards and Halls in the double-bill "Pinafore" and " Our . Boys" have, as they deserve, well- filled houses nightly. Professor Pepper, with his ghosts, simply packs St. Geojge's Hall every evening, but at the Royal it is pitiable to see each capable stock actors, as belong to that house, going through the drudgery of having to form a settings in which to show off the third-rate concert Hall business of two dance-house people called Messrs. Baker and Farron. These gentlemen are no doubt capable jn their line, bat that line is only up to such a plaoe as, say, the colloseum in Bourke-street. 