AMUSEMENTS. Thero was another crammed hon9o at the- Theatre to witness the performance of xi.M.S. Piuafore." Tlie piece, as has already beeu stated, is splendidly mounted, and the scene oil deck is probably the most realistic representation ever wiLuesHeii on cue ftj'diiey stage Jsocii tuestagc uiau ager and Mr. Wilson deserve the highest credit for their most successful efforts to do their part of the duty in the production. The opera goes very much more smoothly than on the first performance. At the Victoria Theatre the mystical drama of 'Hermes," and the amusing farce of "The Missing Ghosts/' continue to attract large audiences. Mr. Saui Emery's engagement at the Queen's Theatre continues to prove a most successful one, 'The Lost Son" and "The Irish Emigrant" still forming the programme. Burton's Circus is still a favourite place of resort, new novelties being presented uightly The performances of the Maoris and the illustra tions of New Zealand make up a most attractive bill at the School of Arts. The ladies and gentlemen who rendered their ser vices in connection with the concert given at the Mariners' Hall, Circular Qua)', must have been ex ceedingly pleased at the patronage bestowed upon them la.st night. It was the second coucert in aid of the organ fund, and there can be no doubt the fund must have been well augmented by the proceedings in its favour. The hit of the evening was " The lang awa' slup," sang by Miss Horniiuan in a very feeling manner, which appeared to touch the audieucc, and they demanded an encore, to which she responded in a vivacious style " Coming through the Rye." Mr. Parkiuson's song " Tell me Mary," was most creditably given, and he was well ap plauded. The programme consisted of twclTO songs, two glees, four ducts, trio and piano solo. Miss Reed, Miss Brown, Miss Barron, Mrs. Cravon, Messrs. John and Jarn.es Godfrey, Bjgg. Evans, J". Gainford, and H. Gainford were the other ladies ami gentlemen who contributed to the success of the concert, and thereby rendered Bpecial benefit to the object for which it \yas given, 