NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOL AT BALMAIN. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. The foumlntion-stonc of a new Roman Catholic school was laid by His Grace the Archbishop' of Sydney at Bnlmnin West yesterday afternoon. The erection of a new school lias been found necessary, as the present building, which provides accommodation for 300 children, is altogether inadequate for the re- IjUUVlUUIlia UL bUU UiUUUIH; |(U|(UH»blUU U bllU Aibigll- bourhood. The now bcUooI, when completed, will be hirgc enough to hold about SOU childvcu, and will bo .sj run "H'Vre vww under the superintendence of the Iter. Father Dillon. Hia Grace was met by about LOO members of the Holy Catholic Guild, in full rcgnlin, who, together with the children attending at the scUool followed his carriage to, the site of tho new building. Tito Archbishop was accompanied by the Ycry llcy. Dr. Toyrcgiuni, the newly appointed Bishop of Armidalc. There was an attendance of some 6 00 or (100 persons present at the ceremony, nuiong whom were noticed tbe Itiglit llov. Dean Dwyer, the Kcv. Fathers G. Dillon, „T. Dalton, S.J. ; P.lloolauan, Q.S.F. j P. ,T. Mnhoney, Walsh, Garavel, Messrs. D. O'Connor, M.P. : \Y. J. Coonan, M.P. : J. T. O'Donovan, JYP. ; w. H. Archer, K.S.G. j it. Condon, E. J. Hollingdale, T. M'Glynn, T. Brennan, Heydou, T. Ryan, M. P. Mul- rooney, and Al. Cherry. At the opening of the pro ceedings the Archbishop delivered the following address It was only the other day that I had the - gratifica tion of laying tlie foundation stone of a school at Forest Lodge— whore/ in a few minutes, £000 were subset ibed — before tho end of this mouth I shall be doing the same for the great. schools at Darling- hurst, nnd now I am hero, In the midst of our Catholic working men, just about to purform the aaiuo cere mony for Father Dillon ; nnd I purpose to say some few words upon the all-absorbing topic of Catholic education. And first of all'J must express to j-ou my unfeigned delight at being in themidatof you tins evening. I look upon you, the Catholic working- men of this. district, with byes aiul feelings of especial sympathy and admiration. You know that if you were travelling in Yorkshire, and you began to fccll a Yorkshiroman how much you admired Mr. So and So., that Yorkshireinan would nt ouce turn upon you sharp, and ask — What did he give yon ? Now, what is it that yon have given me, to compel me to speak of yon in the tovms in winch I have spoken ? I will tell j'ou : you have giveu me the consciousness that the very poorest of our people possesB that truo Catholic spirit which shows itself in great and noble works. You, the Catholic people of Dslmniu, von nro descended fc'om a race which has ever loved faith - better than lite, . and which possesses iiu innate generosity which is, I think I may say it, especial to the Irish character. Let mo for one moment quote tbo words of a great Protestant historian. Ho says : — " A standard of do mestic virtue, n delioacy of female honour, was gradu ally formed amongst the Irish poor higherthau m any other part of tlie limpne, and unsurpassed if not unequalled in ISurope. The very extension of poverty and mendicancy had produced among thorn a rare and touching spirit of chanty, a readiness to share with one another the last crust and the last potato. Domestic affections woro more than commonly warm. / The memorable fact Unit in the present century not loss than twenty millions of loumls liavo bcou sent hack in tho space of 20 years jy those who went for the most part as penniless emigrants to America, to their relatives in Irclaud, illustrates a side of the Irish character which was already noticed by "many observers j and, in modern times, concerning which alone wo can speak with confidence, infanticide, desertion, wifc-murdei, and other crimes indicating a low state of domestic morality have been much rarer among tho Irish poor than among the corresponding classes in lingland." I find these pregnant words of Mr. Lecky, regarding the generosity" of the Irish people, borne out as to their truth whcrovcrlgo throughout the colony. Their hand is set to every good work, aud thcu chanty is unbounded. So fur, iu general. Buvwhat have von, the people of Bulmuin, done, flint you should be numbered amongst those who have proved themselves worthy of this praise? Let me say what von have (lone tor the sake of those who may not know. Iwill take the whole diatrictserved by Father Dillou. First, take BAluiain proper. There you have a convent, to begin with, whicb, in round umnbers, will have cost £0fi0l), and I am toldlhnt improve ments nnd internal fittings and arrangements have entailed another £1000. On all this tlie debt has been reduced to £1000. Father Dillon puts down tbe schools connected with the Church at £1000. Bnt my main point is this — for I want my people to know what these people have done to make me praise them — that the labouring men and the citizens and the ship- carpenters have done w hat thousands did before them in the ages of faith,— they have given the work of their hands and the sweat of their brow to the service of the Church. The Church, for ono reason and another, had fallen into great despair. The schools had become too small. "What did the people do ? For fifteen months they worked double tides— that is, after the toil and drndge of their daily work was over, instead of enjoy ing during the rest of the evening their well-eurncd repose, they set to work again -on the church aud on tiie schools, and began their labours of love. In the summer time they left off labour at ! p.m., and then set to w'orking for the schools aud tho church till close of night. In winter they were. not deterred, even by darkncsflj.foc .1 am told tlicy laboured. by lamplight at this great and glorious work for God. I. say those hands and arms will be blessed, those weaned feet will u walk in ways of peace," for our Lord must love such men as these, who thus spend themselves iu His service. Rather Dillon tells .me 'that ho values the labours of theao men at £100. What have these men given me ? A glorious example of Christian workmon, working after working lionra, and day into "the night, for the Church of their fathers. Let us uow come nearer home still. Look at the ground beneath your feet ; look at . this large property where wo# arc assembled. How came it into our possession? I say we owe it to the Catholic working men. These gentlemen — and tliey arc the true gentlemen of the land in its highest sense— these, gentlemen formed a committee aud bought the land, and petitioned mc to send the Sisters .of the Good Samaritan to leach in "the schools thoy had erected. Two of these gentlemen held tho land fill . the appointmcub of Father Dillon, aud tlieu they uiudo it over to1 the Church. The school itself cost £700, and £.'100 have been spent in furniture and appliances. 'The land is valued at £#00, making a total of £1800, with a debt remaining of £f»C0. in one word, taking tho two centres of labour, the convent costing £7000, the schools of St. Augustine £1300, and thoso of St. Joseph £ 1800j we may say safely that over £10,000 have been spent in tiie advancement of morality and religion in tho district. And this money has, at least in part, been collected, I think. I may say in great part, by the weekly subscriptions of the poorer classes, who, together with their religion, have brought into this country that splendid generosity which is especial to the Irish people. I think, ladies aud gentlemen, that I have now satisfied my imaginary Yorkshire friend 'j and I boliovo that oven lie wouhf he constrained to admit that I have very good reason indeed for praising the Catholic work men of Baluiain. And now, if they will let ine, I will tell a bit. of my mind to all honest, liberal-minded men with regard to those great events which are listing 'their dark aud gloomy shadows before They Hay in tho country that when a sjonu is coming of ututsiial violence the animals become uiinsiudly quiet iu the fields, and there seems to ho a hush in nature, till suddenly the cataracts of heaven open, nnd the thunder bellows ns the forked lightning flashes on every side, and shivers, and chars, nnd turns into a. black wreck tlie noblest tree dt tho 'forest. Though things cannot well bo as bad as this, I will nnt. cniifiiMtl from von or frtfm mvfiolf tlmfc tlinm nro signs iu the heavens of that which of all things else in a free country is likely to produce such a storm as no bishop or priest would be able to avert. I refer to the spirit of tyranny aud persecution that sccius as if iL was about to be unchained.. Am I not an Englishman, standing here before the children of the Irish race Y Have I not since the very first day Handed hore,-wellnigh six-yearB ago, held out the hand of brotherhood to all of you, And did 1 not tell you that our sympathies were welded to gether by bonds of. ancient suffering, and that the thought of what your people went through on one side of the Channel, joined to the thought of the per secution suffered by my own on tho other— did I not say that this bound me to yott with an unconquerable pvmpathv, strong as charity, which is more powerful than death i And lmvo I not during these six years that I have been your spokesman aud your friend, proved to you that those words wore not vain words, hut that they .were the expression of a liiddeu energy that has spent itself, ami will spend itself, to tbe end in your service i And did .we not congratulate one with another that we had found a home iu a bright and sunny land, where -nor sorrow norcrytngshould be any move and did we noc think that though the past were painful, still we bad put In, 000 miles of sea between ourselves and the scenes ot ancient suf fering aud degradation!1 Yes, . wo dul. Bub alas, have wc not bccu too tfangumo in our anticipations r Wlmt dul wc suffer as slaves and helots for at home i Because wc preferred torture and- deatli to» activity against our conscience, and to bo butchered - and disembowelled rather than allow those for whom we wcro responsible to be tampered with m their faith. Wc hoped that wo had escaped from all forms of tyranny mul persecution by coming so tar away — where wo were told taut all were equal, aud all were free. I hoped that by my kuulnosH to yqu, and by staudmg up for vqu, qud defending yon, and. showing sympathy and" love to you, thnt it should in some way make up for all you had under gone at the hands pfgiuy.owu countrymen ; and I dul hope tbnt lhoy - out Lore would only be -too glad to join ino and treat von exceptional .tenderness, especially with .rogard to . your, your religion nnd your children, with tlie thought ut their wind— with Ihe buruing cousciowsness of nll the cruel, iqonatrogfl wrongs that Ihoyvhad inflicted ou " you in v-thp past. But nil- ttita accras - to be a vain illusion— a dream from wliich we arc to be aroused by about tbe most ingeniously, doviscd picco - of "scientific perse cution . that has been invented in modem a times —tho end of the . more \ brutal form , of pprsecu-i turn,.. aud. the- beginning Of the more A. culti vated one.. It is to destroy onr holy religion; -I lie-, lie vc the Bcieotiflo. method is more -effective, and ! believe more odious, thau the wore expeditious .way of tearing out tho heart ami bowola of a Jiving and giowu lnau. Here the plan is to strike at little chil dren— at the helpless' little children of tho Catholic- poor. Do you know that in the days of trial tlicy had a special instrument for- sqiicezing the life;and blood out of those Catholics who . declined to deny their, God?, It- was a kind of press,- with a screw at , the. top. v The Catholic man or woinniiMWas shoved into this press, just large- enough : to hold one; the top was forced down with < the screw until it touched the head mid bhbkof the victim. Then the. real operation began. By. a slow, almost imperceptible, process, the top was continually pushed further :nnd further down, till the victim first lost breath, then the frame gradually gave way, and "tho? whole body collapsed into a mangled bleeding mn«8. This was called " Tlie Scavenger's daughter." Now the modern scavenger's daughter is ot a ' different construction. Thef archbishops and bishops have told, you that the sucuhiriat system- ancl schools founded on that system, so far as Catholics arc con cerned, are ' scedplots. of future infidelity, immorality, and lawlessness,'' for- they tend towards destroying the fulness of your Catholic faith, and hence of your Catholic morality aiul lcverence,. ntul I am glad to see that tbe news papers have hceu fixing that condemnation in delibly on your, minds by their coutinucd and opportune nuotation of the words of the joint pas toral. Well, using my private judgment in .the choice of an expression, T would call those schools; "Scavengers' daughters," because they aro most effective instruments invented by! man for squeezing very gradually . aud . almost, imperceptibly true Catholic faith out of a Catholic people.- > I have said this before in other words the htflhom li.are snnkrin with mo ,\the world knows what our teaching is j it has been printed and reprinted in every newspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established- that Catholics cannot in conscience send their chil dren to. liou-Catholic schools. . It is, moreover, well known, it lias been- in all the newspapers, - thnt wo object to sending clergymen to the Public schools, whether with class rooms or without, to join tho jar of tongues and the contradiction of creeds which is abhorrent from all our iuatincts of. reverence and rcligiou. AVe have most carefully, and wo think wc may say boldly,- Bpoken out as was our boundenduty, knowing .as wc did that a chauge was about to be made in trie Education Act unfavourable to our views. AVhat has been tho result? First of all, a hurricane of abuse and endless insult cast upon what is dearer to us than lifo itself, on our: holy religion.'- As to those who bayo abused and insulted mc personally, tuo worst wish .to harbour iu their regard is that they, nmy have tlie grace to become Catho lics beforo they die. Well, during the clown- pour, I cndeayoined calmly nnu clearly to state our case. One thing, I believe all will admit— that our case has been stated clearly, and is porfcctly intel ligible. .!Next, Parliament meets. Theoutlineaof the new education scheme arc laid before tbo colony. What are its provisions? What is -its drift? There .w one thing in its drift that I admire, nnd that is that it evidently attempts to meet the requirements of some lai ge section of the community. It nob only implies a knowledge of their existence, huL it nlso anus at ansuciing some of their wants. The Church of England v ill have greator facilities for religious instruction j the Nonconformists will have, it Heems, all they want so far (is they are concerned ; tho League will have several concessions, partial compul sion, it not entiic, and an approach to freedom from fees. I ndiniio auy attempt nt meeting the wishes of laige classes. I am only too pleased when I see my follow colonists rejoicing in a method of education winch gives tiiciu. ns fathers and mothers, peace and happiness when thoy think of their children. I would bs among the i!ite»t to interfere, the liiwt to speak oat were they tyranibed ovw, or woro thbif coosciwitlous convictions trampled tinder foot by a tyrannical majority. So far the promise of the new Bill solicits my respect. But .this very quality which I udmiro na bearing upon Protestants, heightens my sciiho of .grief and indignation when I reflect that Catholics exclusively arc, iu a studied mannur appai cntly ignoied, whilst m vcuiity they are trampled on. \\\ oikiug men of Balmain, 1 am addressing myself to j'ou. You love your religion better than, yoiu life, if I may judgo from the past. You would rather die than jeopardise the future Catholic wospocts of your., children. Your Church and your nxhops proclaim what yonr consciences and your instincts tell you. is tho simple truth— that you may not send your children to Public schools. "Youarc poor, woikmg, honest, labouring men, golcing j'our O.irt a week, iryiug to provide little homes for your selves, and to briug up your childrcu as good and respectable its you aro yourselves. In you I am .addressing all tho labouring £»tholics in the colony. Wo Catholics represent some one-third— somo say more, some less — of the population. Tho new Bill treats tenderly all tho other sections. Ilow docs it treat you ? Can you with tho wildcat stretch of imagination, and Irishmen aro not deficient in that, can you, in your wildest momeuts imagine a single point in that Bill which shows that jou luvo been thought of with . kindness and sympathy? Have you not the painful conscious- ncsh that so far as this now scheme is concerned your case has been iguorcd, whilst all others lmvc been thought of ? Show mo one single point where there is a sign, or shadow or ghost of a shadow of a sign, that regard has been felt for the conscien tious conviefcious of ouc-third of tho population, of .cue great Lathohc interest iu this colony. Thought of! Yes, you have been thought of, yoir have not been ignored. It would seem to some that you lmvc been unceasingly before the oyes of those who framed this Bill, that they might not, cvou by some inadverteut blgndcr, throw you sortie miserable shred of justice. And they have not kept you iu view in vain. "Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they have, knowingly or unknowingly, invented an instruuicut of Hoieutilic persecution exquisite in its perfection for carrying out its ends. It combines insult with out rage, and whilst scorning Lo ignore your cxisteuco tramples 30111 most cherished aspirations under foot. Working men of Baimain, let iuo explain myself. Yon have to live on liard-earncd wages, and you know the valiio of small sums of moue, and can onl>p with thrift and cave keep the wolf from the door. What docs the new Bill do for 3011, for the thousands of the Catholic poor? Does it 83mpathise with your povert, and encourage your sturd3 faith, and soothe your hard lifo by giving your children a chance of being instructed in secular knowledge, and being brought up thorough Catholics ? , I will toll you in a fciv words what it does for you. If it could, speak it would sav — though its, framcrs may not mean it — itwould say: — "I am a modern mou- strosit3 so contrived as to flatter all sCcUous of the community except .the Roman Catholic. These inUonible creatures must ho got rid of somehow, but first of all they .'.must lie kicked and insulted. My predecessor, horn in 1800, was a fair specimen of jersecution for that day ; but we aro older now, and iavc advanced further into' light. That Bill forced tho thousands of tho Catholic poor, and the rich too. to .'pay for the education of other peoplo'n cliihlren, in schodls they could hot use them selves. But I am an improvement ou that. I aui going to build .great grammar schools for bojv, and tho Catholics shall pa) equallj with those who use them for those also. Palaces for girls shall also be established where girls shall learn to be discontented possibly with'thclr home and with their, lot. Catholics, though they, cnunot use them, shall pa3 for them, too, as if they (lid. Then I mean, moreover, to multiplj' the schools they cannot use and reduce the fees, and Catholics shall bear this burden hero as well. To this I mean to add about tlie most exquisite insult possible, that i to have eaoh Public school, haviug.so many children, furnished with a class-room which Catholics can not use. In this oluss-room all tho various denomina tions, whose voiy oxlstouco is a protest against the Catholic religion, shall ' teach their various creeds, and as a uccessuiy consequonco condemn the faith of Catholics, so that Catholics will be paying for the very buildings in which, day after (lny, nml hour after hour, their religion Is, or amy bo, de nounced in terms wclhknown to all? To this in sult, perfect in its kind, l am going to add nn injury equally perfect in its nature, Having Ignored ovory single junt domand, having made tho Uatho- lies -pay as has boon described, I then cany -the war into the enemy's camp. Thty still lmvo Denomi national Hchools, tiny love them, thoy are proud of them, they erected thorn at great expense— these I mean to kock on tho head. For, since Catho lics arc tlio poorest section of tho commun ity, and sinco their small means aro forced from thum to .pay for the education of other people's children, how will tluy he able, poor as thej' arc, to pay, as it were, out of both pockets at once, to educate their . own as well as those of others? How can they keep pace with the reduction of fees? The may struggle for a time like fish in a net, but we will take thorn oiifc of their bath 'of super? natural light, and if thoy do not become infidels or ranters, thoy will become nondescripts— and eveiy thing, even a blackfcllow, is bettor than a Papist." Such is tlie langua'go that tho hew Bill, so fur as I know anything of it, speaks to me, I do not mean to insinuate that all tins was intended ; pos sibly, Hitfeh a picture as I have painted did not- consciously cntor the 'intentions of legislators. I. am simply speaking of facts, which :uo havd things. That is the language of the Bill, to anr intelligent man who has uars to hear, and to ovety Cataolio who ha3 a sonl, and a heart beating in his hodj. It is U; modern moustrosity of cruelty and' tyranny, so far as we aro concerned; and I believe every fair-minded man iu the community -will sympathiro with us, assist us to preserve 'Our freedom of conscience, and-; to obtain our just and self-evident riirhts. AVhy should wc alone be ignored? . Why should our cry not bo heard ? "Why should Catholics, and only Catholics, be trampled on and insulted in the way that I ltavo described ? Wc do not stand in the way ot others ; we rejoice when they are lmpp ; when thej can leel that their children arc doing well, it is a truo pleasure to us. AY hat pleasure or happiness is there in fieeiug us sad suid broken, like slaves and serfs, who have no friends, uud aro as outcasts of the people? AVhab pleasure, in tins, nine? i tcontli century, .is there 111 producing so grave nu> irritation, so gulfing a wound; us will ho produced if that.Btll becomes law ? I cannot - believe it. 1 will, not behove. that thc mnjprity, tho- sound portion of the community, will stand by sileutly, and upt sup- port its in our just struggle for liberty and fair-play. You working-men of Balmain, you Catholics of tins colony to whom my voice or 111)' words will-reach; be true to yourselves m tins groat crisis. Your religion, the one dearest thing 111 -life, is 11L stake. If your cluldren are nob brqught up iu tlioroqgh Outholiu 6c1ioq1b the cannot . become thorough Catholic men; and a Catholic who la not thorough in his faith is generally the father of a lino of indifferent? ints and apostates. And you, my own English countrymen, who love fair play and n-jusc men sure; -why not join : me in your own ; way . in seeing "justico done? One of you has - already sent his generous. subscription ot £3, and a most kind -letter to Father Dillon. I seem ; to fieo many of your round' me, if I mistake qot, v Ict 109 cfllmfc your sympathy, irn behalf of in righteous cause. Your .hearts aro true and- stout; r know j nndr you' cannot stand by and not. join. tho weaker Bide- in Supporting- its just rights against what: will be, ns. you. know, a terrible tyranny and oppression. h Ah for myself it is my vocation,' and my most 'solemn duty to defend and preserve the faith of my people. In mo it would bc riO ' heroism" to lay down my life in its defence, or lo spill tny blood . out of lovo for my (lock. That/ is .my:.-:v profession.'; uhk. a . soldier's is . to ? go to war . and; to ' risk his : life for;, his r Queen - nnd country. Let notv:; the - world .".think;, that tho Catholic . faith can bo ; blotted' out by. . any. instrument; however modern and 6ubtle in iU opera- . tion. It has IiTed 1800 years and more, ami it will . abide . to the .very ..end.. It ; is my. pare, during hi, short span, to." protect - it 5 and I hope, by God's grace, to sjicnd my life' and strength and such little . Li lent asv I iua,, possess in its - . defence'. Remember Union is strength, and Ferseverence alone is crowned. Let us miito, letus peii>everc,nml In the- cud we shall l>c placed on an equality with our fcl- low-colouists, and be suffered to briug up Catholic children thorough Catholics, without being deprived for doing so of onr just help for secular instruction. A Ye are strong in numbers, , our cause is a righteous - one, and Ict us use every legitimate means for bring ing it to a victorious Issue. . . At the conclusion of the Archbishop's speech the sum of £'100 7s 3d was collected in aid of the building fund."" Mr. D. O'Coxxoh, M.L.A.,' at the rcqncst-M the Archbishop, then addressed the meeting, lie said lie was present as a citizen, and - as a Roman Catholic, to assist in an object- which lie considered good and holy. He believed that n dark and. gloomy struggle was approaching, not as between Catholics and .Protestants, but between Chris tianity and Intidelit.; ; but :ho hnd no ifear as to the ultimato result." He denied that the Education Bill whs the product of the Legislative Assembly .: it was the work of a man .who was tho enemy lfot only of Roman Catholicism- but of CUristianit'. ' So long as lie had the houour of holding a scat in Parliament ho would be found fighting the battle of the Crown iiiriLMiMh tlin Crp-ir-piit. nni! Iu: U':i< mlrn Mmrn wprii many Protestant inumbcrs -wlio wonlil bo on tbe same side. (Cliecrs.). He would notjbulicve tbatlbc Obainbcr wliich had bccu graced by tlio presence of Wjlliain . Charles Wcntworlb wonld so far disregard the spirit of liberty as to pass such a measure ns that referred to by His Grace. Bishop Torubcjiani then briefly addressed the meeting, nnd congratulated the Catholics of JJalmatn upon the success of, their efforts in the cause of Hie Church. . . Tlie foundation stone-was then laid by Archbishop Vniighnu in tlie customary manner, and three cheers having been given , for his Grace, the meeting dis-- pcrsed. 