GENERAL NEWS., ;; \Ve continue to receive practical en deuce of'the excellent wheat crops which aire likely to be reaped this season, samples having been brought to our office from several parts of the country, all giving promise of an abundant yield. On Saturday morning we received a bunch of heads' of wheat grown by Mr. Hiy thorpe, of Dalfeey, which surpasse s any of the samples we have seen this year." The heads are ol great length, and are well filled throughout with large bright grain. The sample, which is of the purple straw variety, is perfectly free fi oin.ruBt, and its quality may be judged of from the fact that the'93 heads weigh 15 ozs. The following is' Saturday morning's weather report ou the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, S.W., light, clear,fine; Farina, N.E..fresh, clear, fine pleasant; Straag wajs£prihgs,..E.,.light, clear, fine; Peaks, S., light; clear fine; Charlotte Waters, S., light, rlear ;i}.ue; Alice Springs, calm, clear, fine; Harrow Creek, S.E., light, clear,-fine, warm; Ten'nant Creek, SE., light,.clear, fine, warm; Powell Creek, calm, clear, fine; D-dy Waters, calui, clear, fine, thunderstorm iu night ; River EatheriDe, calm, clear, fine, thunderstorm in bight ; Pine Creek, N1W«, light, cloudy, dull, thunderstorm; iu night; Yam Creek, calm, cloudy, dull, thuuderstormin night; Sonthporfc, hi Ay., light, cloudy,.sultry; Port Darwin, calm, cloudy, fine. The.; Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public; Works,; MesBrs. Ross, Earner,- and Hare, members, if or Wallaroo, the President of the MariueBoard, the Englneer-in-Ohief, aud the Engineer of Harbors and Jetties started by special train .this morning at 6.30 for Wal laroo,via Hamley Bridge and Ealaklava, for the purpose of inspecting the proposed site for thomewqeity, about which there is considerable difference of opinion. The party will retain to-night. . ■ .The Hon. T. King, M.P., Minister of Education,"had an interview with Mr. Patterson, thePostinaster-Qeneral of Victoria, on Friday, November 21, when the latter on behalf of his Government.: agreedr to forego for eighteen months the subsidy of £2,500 per annum de manded from this colony in connection with the Suez" mail.seiv ice. It:was considered that at the end of that time the. financial success or otherwise of the undertaking would enable the two Governments" to arrive at a satisfactory settlement of the question. Seven tenders were received atthe Sur veyor-General's office on Friday for clearing a road in the Hundred of Cunningham. Tnat of B. Keynolds was the lowest. A young. man named James Oliver, son of the landlord of the Brunswick Pier Hotel, Port. Adelaide, bad bis thumb blown off oh Friday by the bursting of a gun. • . The Argus of November 19 contains the following: The Hon. Thomas King, Minister of Education. in South: Australia, arrived in Melbourne last night overland. After remain ing for a few days; he proceeds oh a visit to the Sydney Exhibition." . A_telegram was.received at .'Cape Town fro m Maritzbnrg the day before the Aconcagua left, which conveyed the "satisfactory intelli gence that the coat worn by the late Prince Im perial when he met his death had been found in a Kefir kraal, and that it bore several gashei in front, showing- conclusively that the' brave young Prince died facing the enemy. On Friday, November 21, several rate payers of the town of Gleneig .waited on Mr. 0\. M. Muirhead and asked him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for the position of councillor for GlenelgWard during" the en-, suing year. Mr. Muirhead declined the invita tion on the grounds that there were already two candidates in the field, and that he would no<> be able to properly fill the position becausfe o! bis business engagements. ^ A private letter, dated Valparaiso, August 8, received in Adelaide by the Oali fornian mail, reports the burning at Valparaiso on that day of a large storeship belonging to the Pacific S.S. Company. The vessel had a i tull oargo of machinery and ship's stores. She was burning about 30 hours. After, she caught fire she was towed from amongst the shipping by a Guarda-Gosta and beached iu another part' of the bay. The estimated loss was about 3,000,000 dollars. His Honor the Chief Justice took matrimonial business in the Supreme Court on Friday, November 21. Woite v. Woite, a peti tion by Catherine White for rhe dissolution of her marriage with Gotfried Woite, came on for hearing. There was no appearance by the re spondent. A number of affidavits proving adultery and gross cruelty by the respondent were put iu on behalf of the petitioner. Sis Honoritated that he would report to the Full Courtthafcthe allegations had been proved. j /;§n3Mday evening an election meeting 'was heltf at the Glenelg Institute. Councillor Nicholson filled'the chair. There were about ICO persons present. Mr. W. F. Stock, the pre sent mayoirof Glenelg, offered himself for re election. There was no other candidate for the position. Councillor Stacy and Mr. B. Hooper announced _ themselves as candidates for the representation of Glenelg "Ward ; Mr. W. E. "Wigley, J.P.; came forward as acondidate for the councillorship of St. Leonards Ward, and Mr. S. L. Gordon appeared as a candidate for New Glenelg Ward. Motions in favor of the candidates for Glenelg Ward were equally supported, and motions were cau'ied expressing confidence in Messrs. Wigley and Gordon. " One of the worst cases of child deser tion which it has ever been within our province to record has," says the Bunyip of November 21, " just occurred. For some time past a man and 1 is wife named Maloney, resident near Willas ton, have been separated, and the former has indulged somewhat freely in intoxicating stimu lants. Iu consequence of this his family, com prising two children, aged respectively sixteen months and three and half years, have been negleoted, and were on Thursday found by the poiice in a most deplorable condition. They were brought before the court, and ordered to be seat to the Industrial School—the best place for them under such circumstances—Maloney being in gaol, and his wife an alien from him. The real sufferers are these unfortunate children." The Supreme Court sat in Banco on Friday, November 21. Judgment was given in the matter ot Bogers, an insolvent, and Shake speare v. Steier. The former was an appeal irom a decision of the Commissioner of Insol vency, who had ordered the appellant to he im prisoned for one year for fraud in connection with his insolvency, and granted him a third class certificate on the ground that he had neg lected to keep proper books of account. Their Honors dismissed the appeal on the first ground, as they were of opinion that the evidence was ample not only to justify but to require the Commissioner's action. The appeal on the second ground was sustained, as in the opinion 0« the court there was no evidence to show that a full disclosure bad not been made by the' in solvent of his affairs. A second-class certificate suspended for two years was granted. No order was made as to costs. In Shakespeare v. Steiar, an appeal from the Local Court under the Sun day trading by-laws of the Adelaide Corpora tion, the decisions of the court below were quashed and the by-law was held to be gocd, and a penalty of £1 was imposed. In the matter of the Queen v. the Adelaide Steamship Company, and the Adelaide Steam ship Company v. Webb, a rule for reference to arbitration was granted by consent. The matter of the United Free Churches Endow ment Society (Incorporated) v. Matters wot adjourned for further amendments in the recordi on payment of costs of the day by the plaintiffs. If the amendment were not made within a week the demurrer to be allowjd with costs. The. appeal in the case of Taylor v, Gordon was ordered to st-.nd over for a week. In Brewster v. Hitchcox. a rale nisi for argu ment, the rule was ordered to be amended on the payment of two guineas costs. In Banks v. Hotmail counsel stated that the matter was in course of settlement out of court; adjourned for a week. In the matter of the District Council of Mitoham v. the Adelaide, Unley, and Mitcham Tramway Company a rale nisi for a mandamus to compel the defendants to do certain works in . con nection; with their line, the absence of which interfered with the public safety aud tbe drainage of the district, was granted. In Hardy v. Hardy a decree nisi. was. made abso lute. In Bury v. Bank of South Australia, a demurrer to a portion of the defence, the de murrer was allowed with costs, the defendants to have liberty to amend their pleas by Tuesday next. . . Tie minds of many colonists hive lately been much exercised ovtbe subject of spiritu alism, and "seances" have for a long time been ; a topic of conversation in private life. There is no doubt that the movement has of late re ceived an impetus from the advent of Piofessor Baldwin, the "expoEer," and Mr. Tyerman, the "believer," and now-it is said that a large number of sober-minded members of our com munity can be claimed 'as thorough-going, spiritualists. The newest sensation in Adelaide is that of the spirit photographs and paintings, which have been exhibited in the shop window of Messrs. S. Marshall & Sous, and which we recently noticed in a brief paragraph. We then described these productions in the following terms:—"In the photographs' a party of gentlemen are seated at a table, and a shadowy figure, which presumably is intended to repre sent 8 spirit, is seen in the foreground." The paintings need not be again referred to, as ■they have no connection whatever with the sub ject we ave" now dealing with. On Friday looming, November 21, Mr. George Freeman, the manager of the Melbourne Photographic Com pany, called at onr office, and stated that he liad discovered how spirit photos were pro duced. At his request a reporter was dispatched to his office, and in a few minutes after' bis arrival Mr. Freeman announced that he \rdz ready to call up the spirit3. Accordingly, odr reporter and two of Mr. Freeman's assistants took their seats at a small table at one end of the portrait room. They were desired to pre serve as serious' a demeanor as was pos sible under the circumstances, and to rest their hands lightly on the table in the orthodox fashion. In a few minutes Mr. Free man announced that everything was ready, and that the spirits had fulfilled their mission. A move was then made to the dark room, and the usual washes havingheenapplied to the sensitive plate, the figures of the sitters came out with two peculiar lights hovering over them. The similarity of this portrait to those in the posses sion of Mr. Samuelis was: strikingly apparent, and if a spiritualist had seen them he would vo doubt have claimed that .they had been pro duced by some agency not generally supposed to be in harmony with the laws governing the! earth. Mr. Freeman next undertook to explain tho modus ■ operandi by which - he was able to rival the spirits in1 photography. . A ' piece: of glass' was properly prepared-and; placed in the slide in the ordinary manner,. Mr. Freeman then closed the slide and took up a piece of common cardboard having two irre gular holes cut in it. This he'placed on: the front of the slide, and withdrawing the frame opened the window of the dark room so; as to allow the light to fall through the hole3 in the cardboard on to the sensitive plate for the space of half a second, then closed the window and the frame of the slide, and announced that all was ready for the second experiment. •, He ex plained that the action of the sun when the slide was exposed had imprinted on the- plate: the necessary light blotches or " spirits," and that when the sitters were photographed the representation would bo .similar to those ex hibited-at Messrs.'Marshall's. The original formula of sitting round the. table , .was repeated,- and the spirits of Messrs. • Jones and Smith having been - solemnly invoked the camera did its work, and the result was;a greater success in the matter of clearness than on the first occasion. It will have been noticed that the photos saidto have been done bv the agency of ghosts appear to have been produced in the dark as is' claimed for them. Mr. Free man's photos also poBsesB this effeot, which he explains is brought about by the " under ex posing" of the sensitive plate, as they were taken in the ordinary light room. Mr. Freeman feels confident that he has discovered the means whereby spirit photographs are produced, and he intends to prosecute his experiments still further.. Whether his theory be true or not. the fact remains that he is able to bring about-' similar effects to those claiming to have been accomplished,in a very different manner. Mr, Freeman would possibly nob ohjoot to "persons feeling an interest,in the 'matter seeinsr the photographs be has, and no doubt bh will give them a position in his studio. , A meeting .of the. ratepayers of H'nc1 marsh is to Is held at the institute haH,lIi id marsh, this evening. ; Services to celebrate the thirtieth anni-^ versary of the Pott Adelaide Congregational Church will be held-to-morrow, when two serihons will be preached, the Bev. B. A. Ferine* B.A., officiating in the morning, aud the Bey. . B. S. Casely in the evening. . - -> The Lynch Family of Bellringers visited Mitchamiasfr evening, and attracted auexcelr lent attendance. From first to last the enter tainment was eminently successful, and the audience were not backward in expressing their satisfaction. ' There. was a moderate attendance at the Academy of Music on Friday evening, when " Life in the South" was played for the last time. To-night Mrs F. .M. Bates and Mr. Thoo. Hamilton make their first appearance - at the Academy in "Ingomar," a popular play, and one in which both these actors have received very favorable encomiums from the press of the adjoining colonies. There was a very good attendance at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening, when'' Blow for Blow" was repeated, and the clever acting of the company was again thoroughly appreciated by the audience. To-night the sparkling comedy, " New Men and Old Acres," by Mr. Tom Taylor and Mr. Dubourg, familiar to all English play goers, and which has been so enthusiastically received in the other colonies, will be performed for the first time in Adelaide. To-day the South Adelaides and Nor woods meet for the first time this season, and there can be very little doubt as to the result of the match. The Kensingtons and South Australians are also to try conclusions, and the former may be safely predicted as tbe winners. The Adelaide and Subur ban Association fixtures are—Port v. Bowden Tyro, South Park v. College Park, and Olenside v. Adelaide Central. The National Association appointments are—United Trader men v. Albert, South United vv Hilton, and U nion v. West Torrens. A concert was given by several lady and gentlemen amateurs at the Norwood Town Hall on Friday evening, November 21. in aid ol the funds of the Kensington and Norwood In stitute. The attendance was small, bat tbe programme, which consisted of solos, Bongs, aud duet3, Swas well carried out. "A twopenny ride in a tramcar" by Mr. W. H. Duun and a comic song "Naughty, Naughty" by tte same amateur seemed to be the aunt appre ciated, but Mr. A. O. Beetson's pianoforte per formances were worthy of special mention, also tbe song by Mr. A. Billin, " She wore a wreath of roses." \- A service of song, entitled " The Woman of Samaria," was given in the Norwood Wes leyan Church on Friday evening, November 21, in aid of the school fnnds. The attendance was very small, bat the singing on the whole was excellent, and reflected great credit upon those who had the training of the Sunday-school children for the service. The most enjoyable item was the piece "Lead me to Jesus," which contained a treble solo, alto and treble dnet, and choruB. The church choir also contributed seve ral selections. Miss Petty sang a hymn, com posed by Mr. Nancarrow, of Port Adelaide, en titled " Good night till then" in a very enjoyable manner. : The Bev. S, Knight gave the connec tive readings. Mr. James Kendall acted as con ductor, and Mr. Joseph Kendall filled the posi tion of director. A meeting of gentlemen interested in formation of a society for the praotice and performance of instrumental music waa held on Friday evening, November 21. There were about twelye performers present, and apologies were received from several others. Mr. Bobert Kay was elected to the chair, and the pro3psct3 oi the success of such a society were discussed. It was resolved that the society should becalled the "Adelaide Orchestral Society," and the chairman was requested to communicate with Bis Excellency the Governor, asking his patron age. Mr. George Oughton was unanimously elected conductor, and stated his willingness to acc ep't the position. After an animated conver sation the meeting was adjourned till Wednes day, the 26th iust., when the first practice will be held. The society, which numbers upwards of twenty members, includes the names of mauy of our leading amatenr instrumentalists. A literary and musical entertainment in aid of the Adelaide Society of the New Church was given in the Town Hall Exchange Boom on Friday evening, November 21. The Bev. E. G. Day occupied the chair. A choice and varied programme was presented, the various items of which were greatly appreciated by a large audience. The duet " Home to our Mountains" was deservedly encored, and a similar compli ment was paid to the glee " On the wings of morning." The piece de resistance of the pro gramme was Longfellow's "Blind Girl of Castel Cuille," which was recited with con siderable effect by a lady. The realism of the recitation was augmented by a series of tableaux vivants, which deserved the applause with which they were greeted. A popular descrip-: \- tion of the sidereal heavens was given in a short address entitled "Ten' minutes among the stars." The.performance concluded with the "Song of Australia." • 