TEMPERANCE. THE SPIRIT OF WINE VERSUS SPIRIT OF GOD. THE Notes of a sermon preached at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on 25th May, by the Rev. John McEwin. " Be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess, but be filled with tho Spirit."—Paid, Eph. v. 18, This verse expresses the attitude which should be observed, by the Church towards the drink question. God's commandment is exceedingly broad, and deep and high, and we Bhall find as we proceed to examine this passage that it will apply to the whole subject. It seems to me that the time has come for the Christian Church to take a decided stand before the world on the question of the liquor traffic, and wash her hands of complicity with it. This age of the world calls for practical effort—men care for nothing which is not practical. They are no longer satisfied with mere words. They weigh in the balances, and find wanting the individual and the church whose professions are not backed up by practical self-denying effort for suffering humanity. If the Christian Church* would, keep lierjsavour and hold her place in the world's' estimation, she must take an .interest in everything which concerns humanity ; should she fail to do this, she will be feast out and trodden under foot as a worthless thing. I have hintqd-.th&t; th«r : 0hurch is not free from complicity in the liquor traffic. Lot me show that this is the case. At a meeting of ministers held recently in England, it was stated that it was impossible to exclude from membership those who were engaged in the liquor traffic, as many of the churches were dependent upon their money gifts. A Christian Society ,in this colony, which has for its avowed object the extension of Christ's kingdom, holds considerable public-house property. Since a recent public utterance of mine on this question, I have been surprised and pained to find that many gentlemen whom I esteem, and some of whom are office-bearers in the Church, are engaged in this traffic. I believe these gentlemen are conscientious. They do not see their conduct in its true light. I believe if their consciences were enlightened, they would at all hazards abandon this traffic. But this_ is sufficient to show the complicity of the Christian Church with the drink trade. The Church must be enlightened; public opinion must be educated on this question. Before going further, let me say that I fully admit that there may be cases in which stimulants are needful, but I believe these cases are few. In the text before us the apostle opposes intoxication with wine by inspiration with the Ibivin* Spirit. It is not without significance here that the essential principle of all intoxicants is called " spirit." Our text, therefore, might read—Be not drunk with the spirit of wine, wherein is excess, but be filled with the Spirit of God. And notice that, by general consent, the spirit of wine is regarded as an evil spirit. The simple Indians called ii FIRE WATER. An American writer, who is not a teetotaler, says :—" I believe that ardent spirit is good in its place, but I believe that HELL is the place for it." Shakespeare makes Othello say—" Oh, thou miserable spirit of wine ! If there is no other name by which thou art known, let me call thee DEVIL." On the door of a Christian Church, beneath which was a wine cellar, a wag wrote— " There's a Spirit above and a spirit below, A Spirit of love and a spirit of woe ; The Spirit above is the Spirit Divine, But the spirit below is the spirit of wine." Solomon says—" Wine is a mocker." I bring these things together to show that by common consent the spirit of wine is regarded by the world as an evil spirt. Paul appears to regard intoxication with the spirit of wine as the Devil's caricature of inspiration with the Divine Spirit. This is a startling proposition, but we must remember it is Satau's purpose to deceive men by spurious imitations and caricatures of Divine things. The miracles of the magicians in Egypt were Satan's imitations of God's miracles. The kingdom of this world is Satan's caricature of the Kingdom of God. The Church of Rome is his caricature of the Church of Christ. So, intoxication with the spirit of wine is his caricature of inspiration with the Spirit of God. Let us pursue this thought a little. 1\. The spirit of wine professes to give men strength. This is a common delusion. Yet it has been proved to be a delusion over and over again. Instead of giving strength, in induces weakness, and hastens death. On the other band, the Spirit of God gives real strength. Samson and Elijah are examples of men who accomplished superhuman feats of strength, not by the use of stimulants, for they were abstainers, but by the inspiration of the Spirit of God. 2\. Again, wine professes to give wisdom. This is the boast of its advocates. It is a well-known fact that many authors, minister!, literary men, and public speakers, look to the spirit of wine for their inspiration. That this is a delusion is proved by popular opinion, for what saith the proverb, " When the wine is in the wit is out." Shakespeare says:— " Oh that man should put an enemy in his mouth to steal away his brains." Not only does alcohol not give wisdom, but it destroys it. It attacks the brain. It dethrones the reason. It induces the worst form of madness. On the other hand, the Spirit of God gives truo wisdom. Jos*ph in Egypt, Daniel in Babylon, are examples. In the Scriptures we have the wisdom of God, and there holy men of old spake as they were moved bv the Holy Ghost. The spirit of wine destroys the brain and produces madness; the Spirit af God strengthens the brain and gives an everincreasing capacity for knowledge. 3\. Again, the spirit of wine professes to be food. This is a delusion. Chemical analysis shows that alcohol contains, not mourishment, but on the contrary, is a poison. Give an infant a gloss of spirits and immediate death would follow. Satan says the spirit of wine is food ; science and experience testify that it is a poison. On the other hand, the Spirit of God, while feeding the soul with living bread and giving it eternal life, sustains the body. It was after the Spirit descended upon Him, and remained, that Christ endured a fast of 40 days in the wilderness. " Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God." 4\. The spirit of wine professes to give joy, but really creates the direst misery. On the other hand, the Spirit of God gives joy unspeakable. 5\. The spirit of wine professes to promote good fellowship, but really creates strife and derision, while the Spirit of God promotes true unity. . We might go «n; but in this light said not Solomon truly " Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging, and he that is deceived thereby is not wise." Does it not seem clear enough that intoxication with the spirit of wine is Satan's delusion for inspiration with the Spirit of God. What a motive to the Christian to avoid it. The question may be asked, what is intoxication ? When a man in health takes intoxicants so as to produce any degree of excitement or elevation beyond absolute sobriety, he is partially intoxicated. It is against this, as well as against beastly drunkenness, that the Apostle warns Christians. The Spirit of God will not dwell in the breast which is under the influence of another spirit. He must have undivided possession. If we would be filled with the spirit of God we must avoid intoxication with the spirit of e wine. This warning is not unnecessary. Intemperance to-day takes its victims from both pew and pulpit, But further, and here we see how exceeding broad this commandment is, The injunction, «Be not ortr? (bonk with wine," implies' BIBO the duty to promote sobriety in' otters. Some may and do say, What has such a question to do with us? Why should we concern ourselves about what others do ? Such a question might do for the publican or the sinner, but it will not do for the Christian, such Christians are put to shame by the old heathen who Baid "lama man, and everything which concerns humanity concerns me." God calls His Church to talie up this matter. There is no greater evil in the world to day than intemperance. No greater boon could be given to our nation than deliverance from this curse, and I say here to-day that the power of the liquor traffic must be broken. Its reign must cease. It will, if there is a God in heaven; and this work must be done by the Church. We should enlighten ourselves and then seek to enlighten others. We should unite to secure better legislation. " Be not drunk with wine wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit." To be filled with the spirit of God will produce in men the effects, of which intoxication witli^ the epirit of wine is the caricature. When the disciples were filled with the spirit at Pentecost, men at first thought they were intoxicated with wine. The spirit of wine produces a spurious enthusiasm, abandon, courage. The spirit of God gives true enthusiasm, true abandon, true courage—this is what we need. The Church is cautious, timid, weak, contemptible in the eyes of men because she lacks the spirit of God, and too often depends upon the spirit of wine. 