Sporting Notes from Coolali. I DAVE just received tho weights for tho Coolah handicaps, . to ho run for on tho 30th and 31st of July. Tho nominations have not boon so mimerons upou thia occasion as last year ; this I boliovo is owing to the latenoss of tho meeting, I think if tho Coolah J. C. woro to hold their annual races ¿bout tho boginuingof Juno tboy would bo able to secure bettor fields of horses, and thore is notliing that militates , BO much aguinst a jockey club as small flolda of horses ; Coolah especially should hold their races earlier than July, oocanao Tamworth, Gunnedah, Boggabri, and Narrabri follow close upon each other, Tamworth generally oponiugtho ball about Fohruary ¡, and 1 thiuk tho Coolahitos would find lt much hotter to havo their carnival about tho first week in May, or not later than tho first week in June'. Anotbor matter I should like to draw tho attention of tho Coolah conunitteo to is the vory short time they, advertise thoir ?fill! programme ; racing men, as a rulo, always liko to eoe tho lull programme bofore the uoniiuations close, so that thoy know what inducement there is for them bosides tho Handicap and Maiden Plate. This year tho Coolah J. C, nominations closed boforo tho public were apprized of tho full programme This was certainly a groat mistako, and I eliovo that it has affocted the club toa groat extent Jioemiiarily, . Tho Maiden Plato also is deserving of severe criticism. 'According to the advertised conditions of tho Coolah Maiden Plato no horse can start if he has only won a prizo of teu ölillings. This Ithink an oversight on tho part of the oom. mittco. At the time of entranco a horso must be a maiden, BtherwîHo ho cannot start. I cannot for the lifo of mo think Why tho committee did not advertise their Maiden Plate this year as they did last year, i.e., allowing any horse to tun as a ùiaidou that had never won an advortised prizo ex ceeding ¿.'10. Thero aro eight raceB altogether on the Î' cards " for tho two days ¡ the prises are certainly liberal or a small place like Coolah ; the ofllcors are also tho right Saen in tho right placo ¡ and I think, should tho weather bo /propitious, tho Coolah carnival will be a fairly successful itind nloasunt one. Tba nominations for fchn bur dollars am eight, viz. i Bt lb st lb Euroca ... ... 9 9 Bcdoweo ." ... 810 Whynot .9 2 Pride .8 8 Chanco ... ... 8 5 Sequin ... ...8 0 Hero... , .8 O Nellie .7 7 j Afc tho first glance at those weights ono is struck with tho manner in which tho handicappers havo provided seats for "good horsemen, tho lightest weight being 7st 71b. This, I ; think a good, sound principle, and ono that handicappers ; ehould not lose sight of in country places, whore light ] weight jooks cannot be got. Within my own knowledge I Lave frequently seen in handicaps mon either have to Scratch their horses or start them with 71b or 81b over weight. I am a great believer in seeing the weights kept ? up, and in tho weights before me I havo no hesitation in 'baying that tho whole of the horsos will bo n.blo to find "riders .exactly! weight. If tho handicappers had ?commenced say nt 8st 81b, why tho lightest weight would : been only Cst 101b ; ia fact, with tho oxcoption of tho 'top weight, tho romaindcr of tho horses would havo to bo . 'ridden by boys. Enroca, who has top weight, has already f' erformod well upon the turf at Merriwa and other places ; e is reputed to be a regular goer, and possessed of good staying powers; he has performed successfully in much Tatter fields than the company he is now.in. Though ho 'comos to us with a good name, I cannot fix upon him an thu Grinner of this handicap. Whynot, tho next to Enroca, is jto carry 9afc 21b, 71b less than tho top weight. Whynot has fcün somo vory good races, especially at Coonamble j but kecording to performances ho is not anything Uko aa good Jv horso aa Eurocn, at the same tune the 71b Enroca givos him will pretty woll equalize them. Bedawee with 8st 101b comos next, and with thiB weight hellas many '.admirers ; and I boliovo that many of the Coolahites will ¡lay their "siller" upon him. I do not think that there is lanuch of a cortainty about him. As far as I haye heard, he :na9 not achieved anything worth mentioning, and 8st 101b Ss'a steadier for him; I cannot see my way clear to place lüin. Pride is tho next, on tho list, with 8st 81b. I am ? rathol' inclined to think that the handicappers have been a little hard upon this maro. She has started a good many lttmc8 and hardly ever placed, and never once has she como to the'frout. I fail to seo what entitles her to 8st 81b ; her pedigree is certainly good and tho company that she has heretofore mot has been first-class, hut boar in mind she Will not bo amongst a lot of scrubbers upon this occa sion, should she start. I think that Sst would havo been ¡quito enough for her. I think she would then have stood a j Igood chanco to land the dollars. Chance is tho noxt on the ICist, with 8st 51b ; a fair weight for tho old horso, and I f havo very great faith that ho will be the first or second that (passeB tho winning post after tho Wo miles are traversed. ¡Sequin comes noxt. with Bat, and with this woiçht I must »pot him as the winner. Sequin pulled off thebig handicap jot Coolah last year with 7st 71b, comparatively easy. This ¿rear he has 71b mora to carry and a better field of horses to ¡jnoot > hut still the old horse is one of tho best stayers in this district, though not the fastest. Chanco last year gavo '-tho old horso 191b, while this year ho only gives him 51b. I jCandidly believo that these two old nags will not bo far bom each other at tho finish. Although Chance was beaten ïasily last year hy Sequin, he will not be beaten so easily thia year. There ia a vast difforonco between 191b and 51b. Hero is the next on tho list, with Bst. Hero - has never started in publio np to tho present time -hence he is rather heavily Weighted in my opinion. He is six years old and has on .ixcollont pedigree, and ia a fine, upstanding colt. To judgo lum by appearances, he ought to be a thorough racehorse j lut in tho face of »ll his good looks, I think 7st 101b would /hara boen about a fair weight for him. Nellie comes next 'with 7st 71b. She is a föur-year-old, and my friend, G. B., j of Mudgee, tells me that she travels like greasod lightning. :]Lt his statement is correct tho dollars are hers. !-G. B. is, however, not always to bo relied upon, ¡but I think that 7st 71b will be quite sufficient to onablo her seo which horse does win. My choico out of tho eight | ia-Sequin 1, Chanco 2, Pride 8. Messrs. H. M'Mnaters, IC W. Cleeve, and Dr. M'Arthur wera the handicappers, 'and I do not think it possible to have got three honester fit botter men. If they have coinmittodany error whatever Jit will bo from the head only. In my humble opinion they lure committed au error ia weighting Pride and Hero so lieavily, and I also think that Bedewco would have heon »nuch bettor off with about 101b less on him. With the Weight he hos got, he will not havo a ghost of a show, in tay opinion ; I may be wrong. Mr. John. Scott (of the Squatters' Home), and Mr. John Alberta (of tho Aus tralian Inn), nro making preparations to accommodate their customers satisfactorily. If wo can judge from outside talk, Coolah meetins oí 1879 will bo tho best ever hold in tho district. ARAB. 