THROUGH THE OPERA GLASS. IT is difficult to understand what induced Messrs, Gilbert and Sullivan to name their comic opera, " The Sorcerer," when the whole thing turns on a storm in a teapot. The plot is simple in the extreme. John Wellington Wells, " a dealer in magic and spells," is hired by a Life Guardsman to drug certain happy villagers and others with a potent poison, which has the effect of making the happy villagers, male and female, fall in love with the wrong persons, just as they do off the stage now-a-days, and of course the most comical complications ensue. The humble pew-opener throws a loving eye on Sir Marmaduke. The beauteous Aline pours out her soul on the aged minister, aud Lady Saugazure "makes for" John Wellington Wells himself. Mr. Lingard has a capital part, and makes the most of it. He runs a magic store in St. Mary Axe. Be deals in "ghosts with patent springs," "nightmares," "fits of the blues," " penny curses"—the firm can't turn these out fast enough- " blessings," of which he sells a few about Christmas-time and not a big demand then ; and when finally he has to " go below" and light his own blue fire with a box of his own matches, the climax of absurdity is reached, and the spectator acknowledges that a heavy blow has been dealt at our good old ghoBt stories. Mrs. Lingard dressed and played the part of Aline deliciously. Her first costume of white was a model of the builder's art, and the second one (i black and sea-shell pink was a splendid foil to the first. Mr Forde s Dr. Daley has evidently been raised on the lines of our good Dean Macartney, only he has thickened his legs a trifle, and plays on the flageolet in a melancholy manner—at least one of the band does it for him, which makes things rather complicated, as sometimes the musician starts a little too soon for the Doctor, and it worries the worthy man. Let us hope they will come to some understanding to start like the pedestrians do, by mutual consent. Miss Foley makes up very artistically as Dame Partlet, and plays the part, as Sairey Gamp would say, with "wigor." And when the worthy Doctor utters the beautiful sentiment with regard to her, " that beauty is only skin deep, but personal cleanliness is practically undying, for it may be easily renewed upon showing symptoms of decay,' one feels that it is but a just tribute to her worth. Mrs. Hall plays charmingly, and so does Miss Wiseman. Mr. Hall is still a 'trifle off" with his voice, but his acting is full of humour. The opera has plenty of fun and pretty music, and went much better than Pinafore" did the first night. When everything shakes down into its place and the actors get used to their parts, the piece will have a big run. If the management could see its way to publish^ book ol the words as soon as possible, it would help to render the performance all the more enjoyable to the spectators. Verium sap, 