BWSBAKE. j [FROM OUK CORHESPOKBENT.] >." : \ ä%ttE cold piercing westerly winds ,hat%ggivdqr: - w)y to rain. As I am writing it is pÄjjng -Sown steadily, and it has been raining per- sistently for nearly two days. I suppose that with thc ground in a state of saturation lt may be expected that we shall have floods ; in any} case the continued rain is becoming nothing less than a positive misfortune.- One result of the wet weather has been most disastrous for the Messrs. Overend, the well known con- tractors. The dry dock in South. Brisbane bas been transformed into what some cynical person said it waa best suited for, a monster swimming bath. The maia part of the i excavation hu 'been long finished and duly faced with stone, and. for some months past work hits been going on at the wall of earth which kept out the river water,^pro paring the entrance to the dook. : This barrier of earth was being replaced by the new coffer dams, there being an old line outside support- ing" lt. Last night in consequence of an unusually high tide, swelled by a freshet, the pressure of water outside caused the old coffer- dam to collapse, and the hew one bot being fit to stad the impact of water, tbe whole gave way and the dock filled. It was fortunate that the accident happened at night-Jin the day. time it would have probably been fatal to Borne of the workmen. It will cost a pretty {lenny to repair the. damage. The river will lave to be walled out by a new line of coffer- dams enclosing the entrance to the dook; the water 'pumped out, and then the work of constructing a proper entrance begun'. The^frçneral Assembly of the Presbyterian Parliament has held its sittings, and reports of its dieetings, haye been daily served up to us. The great trouble that has been so long ÍiTOduoing ill feeling ia the Church, long otters in the Press, and wrangling among the ministère;'Seems'in a'fair Way to be settled. Thc .Assembly as a body are sitting heavily . on the disputants, and;the fiery M'Culloch appears to bc in a fair way of getting smothered. They have also determined to have nothing to do, as a Church, with the Divinity Hall, each Presbytery undertaking to rear its own theological students. They have also determined to.. ; «stablish . a Presbyterian ' magazine. , ... , , Speaking of Mr. M'Culloch reminds mc of a little story. ' Last Sunday'the rev. gentleman was preaching, with accustomed earnestness, ' on individual responsibility. , Emphasizing his point Tie declared'tíiaí' each man Wak a 1 Pope'to' himself. ' " The Pope," te'continued, pointing io Jiis-own bosom, "isJiere.f' Your Presbyterian readers will' understand the joke that sent a .decorous Binile flickering round the congregation.' 1 ' ? - ? The weather!is:cool,'but things are very hot in Ipswich. It is not ¡too much to say that there is a feeling bf positive exasperation in consequence of, tie numerous dismissalsiin the workshops ; they have certainly given a blow to the town wkioh, in these hard Firnes, it can ill bear. I fancy that the electors would- like to ' have Mr. Thompson delivered over to them just now, and the privilege accorded to them of scratching bis name out of a ballot paper. Tb« wildest stories are current. One, a parti- cularly improbable oue, is that Mr. Horniblow, the superintendent, was furnished with a list of names and required to dismiss those particular men- thc individuals being known members ol a particular political class.. The obvious objection, to the, story is that the Minister, even if .ready to do such a thing, would hardly do it in such an open manner., One day thia week the Courier-took, occasion' to contradict, a rumour that a cumber of. dismissed men wefe coming down to'inter- ; view ïhe Minister^some hundreds, I think. You can judge by the grave contradiction of such a wild canard the number and nature of thc stories floating round. But those dis- missals, the stoppage of road votes, abd conse- quent lösV of work, all tend to aggravate the | prevailing distress. """The Warwick people are'in'S fix. ' Their waterworks were estimated, on the authority of Mr. 'Highfields, to cost a certain shut on which they Were able to pay iaterest. That sum lias been greatly exceeded, and they are not yet ÊDÏshed. Hence the water supply threatens to swallow un their revenue, and ' they are applying to'tho Treasurer fdr' help. Mr. M'llWraith gavo them little comfort, and remarked justly that their position showed tbe advisability of leaving such works entirely : to. a corporation and of throwing all responsi- bility : on them. When shall we have; real local government, and throw aside this per- petual habit of depending for everything on j the central administration ? The IpswicJi Observer is to appear as a daily next week. There was some talk of moving it down to Brisbane, but I don't think any- ; thing came of the idea. I fancy this step is a sign of pressure from the Brisbane penny daily. The newspapers in turn along the line must be content to develop under changed conditions. If a penny morning daily suc- ceeds in establishing itself in Brisbane, the competition now felt in Ipswich will be extended to towns further along the line. But it must be uphill work, this expansion of newspaper enterprise under existing circum- . stances. I We have in Brisbane now what is a good - show spoiled. By an ingenious optical con- ! trivance some rather remarkable effects are produced. The audience see and hear three performers of the usual Christy Minstrel type, doing the usual bones, tambourine, and banjo "business." Suddenly they vanish, and aro replaced by three grinning skeletons, who continue tho same performance.. ' Again a stage fairy of the short petticoat kind ap- pears suspended apparently in mid-air, who moves, pirouettes, and literally dances upon nothing. It is, of course, a development of Professor Pepper's ghost, and the idea is ex- ceedingly good; but it is very badly carried out-so badly as almost to destroy thc illusion. Of course this show, and all retail business, is being ruined by thc persistent rain. Queen street is iu a state of positive despair. It is to bc hoped that the opening of thc session, by diverting our attention from our private affairs to those of State, may raise our drooping spirits. The Government nearly experienced a sad loss thc other day. A coach driving down to the new township of Southport, was npsct and Mr. Morehead, one of its occupants, was spilt on to a fenco, Mr. Perkins left sprawling on his back, and Mr. O'Sullivan shot into the paddock of a sugar plantation. Fortunately thc ground was very soft, and the sufferers escaped with but little serious damage. This occurred on a new track leading to the place, and it is supposed that thc speculators who created Southport arranged to call minis- terial attention to its condition in this striking manner. If so they overdid it. I hear that thc Miuister for Lands calls Southport an (expletive) hole and threatens to cut Macros Ban if fae puts a penny on thc estimates for its roads. Brisbane, May 9. 