v THE IRISH WIDOW. | A TALE OF CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE. ; ;-' '. CHAUBBBS'S JOUBlfAL. " | .?-i- ' . CHAPTBR I.— Antecbdents, ' 1 . A short ' timo- after one of those unhappy out-, i - breaks -which seem periodically to toko place in /Ireland, -two' members of the police force were sont : down from the dopot in Dublin to be sta- tioned at' the small village of Mullaghboy, near Dundolk, in the county of Louth. One of them !was . the : man wh recounts' this history ; tho /other, his constant friend, sub-constable Michael O'Dowd. Having but recently joinod thcrankB of tho Irish, constabulary, promotion was the Ardent',, desire .of !iis both; it occupied our thoughts tho -livolong day, and got mixed up /.with rouTidreains at. night.;- But Mullaghboy was a- very ,unsni table- district for two sifch en tdr- : prising inombcrs of tHo force.'- The opportunities it afforded for crime wore ridiculously rare— ono. ;public-boiiso,oa market cveryTuesday;" and!a fiir four times in tlie year. Against such dJsndvaiir; ' tages we strugglod untiringly iduring the-' space 'of :two ;yeara; without'; gaining iusingle ismilo /from- i hard-hearted ; Fortimo. ! On one occasion ; it - was - , announced .that tho. lnagistrate's! groitcoat !had been., stolen outcof liis diaj|l,tond- I was- the; man \- i;3vho spent a ;whole fortnight in painstaking m- ; yestigation .of tlie . thdft. V ItLwas; I confess,: an unsatisfactoi-y,vtcrinination. of -my search > to -find , . that the greatcoat bad in point of /fact ncverileft iJthe;magisterial residenec.at all, hiikhad. through mi$takc.j been -put away/in , a wardrobe by! "one jof- . -the . sfervunts,. who- had ' left a', short -timo before thohue-:and-cry was , raised. However, the pro cess-' by/ -which I- led;, up to:, that discovery was -. ;.quite-. beautiful, as Vail the barracks- allowed: M.. ..bitterly, felt ( the ilisappointmeiit oonsequent on my failing to establish a '-case of burglary,1 avhiclij would certainly Imve insured for inc. thoi long-: wi8hcd- for stripo. ! C -(Sinco that time. I; was familiarly .known as Detective Dick. I gloried in tho title; anil-was determined, to .establish my elaimL-to it 'on',:a still , more socuro basis. A., fiiu/broko. put.in a farm house. O'Dowd and myself /wero/tho firist on tito spot, and, strained- ovpry. effort to establish- out -of it a otoo of malicious burning, and get the darpnges charged on tlie adjacent! toSviiiands ; but tlio old cpnple who lived on the premises obsti nately persisted .in alleging it i to -be their own, fault". Once too n wedding took place,. in.,, the"! "village, wheroin tho bride and bridegroom ropre-. sohted- tho two factions, of importance, .V'hen .the. bridb's treat came .off at r the public-hpiiBO,s 'ibprp wcfe rcasohahlo hopes !of p rp>y ; hut tliongk wb kept bni of the way moat carefully, nothing itomo of it, and tho imrty broke up in quite an amicable fashion. . . Voliad . coino doM-n to Mullaghboy at r a .very bad juncture.' .As often happens in irelamj,la /profound', calni iuui, succecaeu; a stormy ioaso'n ;of ' political ' agitotipnl. .. Tho ' people sccmcii . bent on' giving us. iio 'trouble, as if .' .. ' , .jtot'jwre wj9re/in-.;'ttp;i'y',3diBpi. /wlibi-o ! two murders of a dreadful character, had been, com mitted, for which sixteen ino'n . weip 'committfed. aiid' one hanged. Bnt tlirbugli the general glodin' , shone ,'bna ray of liope. ;.. Jemmy Lawless wiis; a man whose vagaries' jflpasihgly. contrasted with the iill-peirading quiet. .He and his wife repre sented tho" lowest stratum of society in !the. place. They kept up bo btyie, and' lived, a . ..sort of Bohemian' existence. """P'Dbwid'Aiid'./i.-.Ksii' our eyes on thorn ever sinco Vc ctomc down to, that unfortunate neighhorhbpd. They wbro 'wily; so . miich so tliat the only chances tli'oy,'cver gaie its. wero when llicy aime haisk tipsy from neigh boring fairs, or of ii Saturday night, when they went down as a , matter of 'coursb to the public-. . hoiise. On such occasions wc would descend with dignity aiid haul off both of : them to barracks. " Their mode of making a livelihood wsto' precarious. ' ; A Stranger, judging from tUp' variety 'of trades in which they ombarked/ woulil cbricludo tliat tlioy were' hard struggling . folksl But we knev/ ; them to bo " notorious 'thibvesV andthbt' 'theur various trades were only a makb-helicve to blind ! tho country-people.1 Lawless' himsblf bought rip ! decrepit old' hOrses, whoso hides and hones' he ' 'used 'to- sell to the dealers. He;:cauglit ; and ' trained singing-bir;ls in the season,. Ho made"; baskets, besoms aiid beescaps. He sold grey- 1 houiids and'terriers ; iri'fact any irind oSp dog you" , might want, even, though' , lie ''should', have ; to' go 1 = tcii miles pff to steal it for yoii/ His'wife dcalt ! \- in knitted "socks,- d.nndcliqnV'appIes, swebt-stuff,- and tlse liko necearies arid' luxuries of ljfb'; ' In fact .they were crnployed in anj'thing or' every- 1 tliirig -'exedpt honest' industry, and were desig nated as regular " characters,'' though character they had none. ' But as I said before, O'Dowd and I had oiir eye on tlicm, and -they c-.uld hardly turn forna. Tlioy 'lived1 a Miisidenihlb distarico out of the , "village hhyviyeiirlyiaItt-hj,Sjii it; hankering ; "after -a ribli bld 'i-elntive; of th'eirenamed -Pejggy /MiUoile.'- Pbgf'iwns1 awidow without any chilil- : ren;' and- pursued tho ' lawful calling of a iiedlair. ' .(VCilliliii'!" Wi 4iS«XkQ 1 iiVi&il; ::-ui if;-- .; « C She was reputcd_;to be very rich,; Report said she had a stoqking full of sovereigns hid in the thatch of her.Jonely, cottage. In business sho was quite.. jndefptigabje, despite her years ;. she had every day of -the week except, Sunday occu pied. Thus ,pf a, Monday she would goto Dun-' dalk market, a distance of eight miles, liaving to. rise for- that, purpose beforo the break of day. Of a Tucsday it wpuld bo her native Mullaghboy; of a Wednesday, ;Carrickmorc ; and so on to the end of .the-webk.- Sho used to cariy about with her the money, oftentimes a respectable sum, which , sho jceaiisiyl at these markets. : She was- always averao to. the advances of the Lawless family,- and ,h. aid . come to an open rupture with them a sliprltime before the deed of blood which I am about to rcpprd.took place. CHAPTEII ;-II,— ClRCUMSTAKTrAL EVIDENOH. One Monday, evening late in December, O'Dowd and I were seated at opposite sides of the kitchon-firo in lullaghkoy ban-acks, waiting for the hour of tcn,;.w.Hen we should go out on patrol along the Dundalk Road. Seated on - a chair: be tween us, an phi dissipated tinker named Walsh, whom wc bad picked up in the afternoon but of a ditch, was sleeping away his . debauch. , Wo found the-ppcuTiSoul in a drenched, and helpless condition, and aoj liaving the h(mri to put him in the lockmpAt. once, allowed him to .stay at the warm kitqhcnTfiro. Soon tlie. boat, and! thirst, roused him frtun his toipor. Addressing japrb%. the name of Ljwjess, he. asked -for. _ a /glass' of- something. I jtqd him . that . lip,, was- in, .the! barracks— a fjqt indeqil! whicli he'ioiight - to have, knovto,. for it jiyas' ribt his first appearance, there, —and threatened, .to lock liiih :up ..if he were. -not quiet. Hc.caiipctl down considerably, and. asked me if Laiyleas; had been arrested too. On re- . ceiving anamrwcr ip the negative, he muttered his annoyance, audjinfomiod us that Lawless was a rascal well wqrili .watching, always up to some blackguard ganic- or another, &c.; ' . ' O'Dowd winked ; at me across the 'hearth to' draw out fully on j this topic. ! As 'I consid.ered myself pretty skilful at, a-cross-oxami-. nation— I ijgedi' towatch Mr. Macwlieodlqf ; the: attorney at-petty sessions— I pfocpeded at once to- business. ' '' ' : - ' < -T j - . " How did it come about at all, man,/ that - we-, found" you lying;4n that shockipg-.puddio.St' D asked. V ' , . ... ; . , .. -. " : Bogorfa.,- sir, I'll tell j;o'u that sapie', ""baid lie.' " You scot-I done; 'a gootl stlirbke of -work all1 through the .equhthry . last week nnl made a'pot1 of money.' On Sathurday evenin' I got info Ellis' town an', kem across Lawless doira at. the public. ' hbiiscH-worscd uck !,/' Wo fell1' to tlie ' dhrinkiii' from/that on,', an' somto: wari;df '-.us sturfed'tiU' the'ilast.cbpper was )int!/' .- ;.!! i .1.; " . «' at," Is Lawdess sff strong in; cash as all that;?" ; v .: ' ,tf..Iftwl«ss. tdrong ihr ;tosh, . did . yo.u. .say. sir ?:; Why,; tliat. fclIowJiiisn't a brass fiirdeii., to. bless , himself wid 1 It was mo own money lie' was dhrinkin'." i 1 -iv- .'> ' " But, is liotjIVhtii.'MalOno'doing .somcthihg fbr hiin, ....- ... : :"c " Obh'siri sHurAybu-must have heem how- she chased-'him/ini';tlre'wifc last Svcek an' you kiiow' that thbm as'waifedor'dead/mih's'shocs ' fiiust go ,a long -while biibefnttod . !- AuMvc the samb token,- I wouldn't dike : to be in ould Peggy "Malone's shoes this ; minito;. fbr ;towless . ,is very : liard onv lief. ' He tellmixtliat' if . hc'caii't get a'sharc of the stockin' bc- faif' inanes,- sbmototlicf folkk 'ill bc takin' it froinihor ho feiil ; -an'-" I' know what -hc.maqesBo that; v-de. n;e faith, : I itouldn't: iiiit' \- it past thc saanqblipy, to;giye. vher; aiib; her cart a . cb\TO,(qveraet)!epine one-of- tliosp fine iughto'.'— i :M Tike carc/bflwliat you are about, : 1,'ihfer-- riiptodj 1 "'fqf.wlat you' Have jiist ''said might be1 tivistednnto/aliUbidl;''--/-';!;, /- i; t -V A liedi(%oj» say ?;o I'di take me davj-ithat; he'd ilo it if heigej; the chance.. ; An' the h.laggard. rascal was wiihtim! jnojipy . ;thismof bin' 'from mo. t-o do' fi' Sthrdkceof; biziiess, -.'be-yoiir /'laVo; ' Well" tliin, to makaai fonsostory! short;.: was- laviii'"- him a bit of .the road homof-. this - evenin yian-'r-tlic- tbirat cmnc on us. very b;id, an' link a /bottle out. of mc packet, .ton! we sot down on tho iubriitU spbi ah'' finished ;it.-''"An' thin I suppose I fell 'aslpep, 'an' ho hooked' it ftway: ; - an' ' you '-fouhd''me'lyin'. in tho ditch ismbiiorc l aiii will sorra is miicli as' jWould jinglo.wia.tombstono.",.; As -lie .'spoke; I he: pulled out thcsBiiing of his pockets ahd displayed — /emptiness. ' Ton o'clock struck, and at the same mombiit the ' sergeant1 of 'theiJiariucks entering ordered ns out' for patrol.: .ltovfcg equipped ourselves' with our accoutremQiito,.rwsa went out together through the deserted strcetp /of tlio village, and , along tlie. Dundalk- ltoad f flPoggy Miilone s lioiis'e ' ivhs the1 last wc-had to pass in making our exit/ and the . recent'.conYCntetittn directed my attention towards it. I could seSltliat slie.hiul.not'j'et returned- from, Dund/ilk .market : there . was ,no light in- the Avindow, nor-xvtosi her cart' in its lisnal place' in! front of the ctopn-r I directed O'Dowd's attention1 to tho'-fnet. -tileftlibiight it very stinngo' indeed/ as she had ncverftto hi.-i knowledge, !been: oiit' so!, late before ; aiultoo-inorrow would, be the market- day in tho viUagr . IIc thought' it probqble.liow-'" ever, that he should iuect her somewhero oh tlie road. The iiiyit-whs fino, 'though rain! liad fallen during tho. day/anil thP'fidl.toooh'shbne "at inter vals through rifito in the 'clouds.' i We advanced at, a leisurely pacsj, discussing .constabulary matters; in general and: the freaks ,of' Lawlessjin partieu-! lar. , At length we found -oursolyes at the end! of our b<to£ without- observing! any trace' of 'Peggy or her cart. A simultaiicous- impulse urged us to; j continue our walkabout half a mile beyond our accustomed limits. Tljis brought irsvtb a.-scques- tored part of tlic road where 'it ran 'through a' acBp glen for- some distance, closed in oii both j sides and overarched by denso trees ;. a- haunt i vocal with crows an the daytime, but terrible.' in , it's stillness once night camc.on., The associations J connected witli'thc spot wore none of the iilcasan- | test, for a laiid-gcnt and: bis bailiff had been ' j murdered there three years before. Altogether it | was a very wudesirable spot at about, -eleven;. . o'clock of a dui-k:night in tho month, of Decem- . her. " ' '. . . - r When W readied the entrance of the' glcU. we ! paused tb listen for the wheels'ofPeggj''s vehicle, i and thought at fitot wc'could discern' the rumbling | of a cart on tiiejn at the other side of the Yal- ley "; .but it-.was" apparently, going in the opposite, direction, as tlibtoonnd become fainter and fainter 1 by' degrees, -tiiidtat1 length ' cciwcdr altogether. : However,. weiesfHveil to go to tho end of the glen: ;at'loast,-:tosee.i£-!all -was right, and then . turn1 :- homewards. \Vc; had proceeded ;a few paces 'further' alongside the woodj keeping eyes and ears 1 on tho' alert,' when suddenly I heard' O'Dowd ! utter aii exelarah'tibh. Just then the "moon came I out from. behiniBa dark cloud. Turning round, I' ' observed O'Dpw-il, who had halted, stooping down in an attitude of -horror towards some dark ob ject on the roadside. I ran over, anil' in the'cleiir" /moonlight I etnild see that it was a pool of bipod!" t It was evident, tfnom the disturbed- condition of tho mud and stoncs, that a considerable struggle ! must have takep fplace there. The body whose , life-blood had-bcon .drained away was not to. be found '; but there- were tho tracks of a home, of a cart, and of- a human being. Those of ' tho1 horse wore vary- irregular, facing every! direction/ . anil tearing iipitlje ground; just, as if the : animal . had been turnal round sliarply or/ made . to- back against his. i-pll, Tlitoejeftjiy the/cart-wheels pointed to' .the /former toipporition'/'indicating its' .; :-,'sigo-;u-J » / .! -wio.' .HfttwS- ii they did that .the. vehicle had come up to the/spot rfrom the direction of Dundalk. wheeled right about and gono back- by the way it came. ! . i " It must have been Peggy Malone's cart !'.' ex claimed O'Dowd excitedly. - ' I made him no answer, for I was now procecd- ing'to examine the human foot- prints. In my eagerness I knelt down on the wet road and with tlio aid of alighted match scrutinised them closely. ' I cotddT see that"' they had been left by a man wearing hobnailed shoes; and also tliat, each right f oot-pruit ;had a deep indentation in the centre, : from which I concluded. — rightly as it turned out — tliat the wearer must have bad a frost-nail in the centro of his right shoe.. Country folks about; used such nails to prevent themselves from slip ping in .frosty, weather. ' ' : While I was making these important and inter esting observations, O'Dowd had been searching the low hedges. that bordered tlie' road on Loth sides for traces of the Victim! In this, however, ho failed ; but nearly opposite to where the oc- .currence took place, he came. upon an old clay- pipe .lying on the grass beside the ditch. It bore a strong resemblance to the dhwleen which Law less used to .raiokc, being short in ihe stem and begrimed with constant use. We failed to dis cover anything else in the vicinity calculated to throw light on the mysterious business, though we continued our investigations for a consider able time longer. _ The conclusions at wliipli .wo arrived accorded in almost every respect.; Lawless li/ul parted from the tinker d-liat evening/ after liaving primed himself for tiio 'deed with liqupr .at the. tinker's oxponso.- lie had. come .dowur to this lowly spot, thinking that it -was most .suit-, '.able for lite villanous purpose, botli from its sp- cliision and fro'ih the fact that' oiir "phtrbl never - 'by any 'chance Oxtoiiiled" to within, half 'ra':mijc / of it. -. Mo/it probably hc liadibeen smokingkhis . pipo at thc adjaont io..lgo.tp. whi)oaway,tliotiiiie imtil tho' unsuspjeiqu Peggy shoiiKf ,m:ike .Rdi appearance'.' Then "on' hearing lieraiiprbhcli dqwii the hill at the other crid 'of tlio valjey/ h'hail forgotten in liis excitement/to put :tlie - pipe-- into his poekct. When the cart eamo up. to, his- plade of; cqncealracnt, lie liad started out, surprised tlie defenceless .woman, ' "and the "deed -was'done. lie must hsivo come'iipon Her "uniiwaros before slio coiild leaVe tlie cart;1' Tlie-alisenco'of foot-pritiis other than those of tkcrateassin 'pointed to-.tiiiit .conclusion. . ; .The distent; lumbering ;of syhecjs . wluch.wqhadlicard on entering the grove;.in.ust . hayo bech none othaf than the noise of the' cart' "containing 'tlio -mUrder or,1 'his' tfufortnniite victim, -and the' wealtli'that had/ instigated / him to- tlie ,'jdasterdly crime. . ; -'U.i ;; h... i jCnAgraa ; ill;— CoBiiqaqBATi v k . E y IDBXCE., I , .. JYe saiy -that.no time. was toj joe, lost/, as- .oyery- tliing dcpohdcil . oil/ our ptomptness/./Tlius/tho cnaiiccfe.of tlio is'siksih'.VeStopo''ix6uldbe,lckten , beridos,' wlib_khew' buV'tha-t. some luckier member 'ofitlie- force might;.crbss !the seent'ahead of. us'aiul , succeed, jii . baggingr,our own lawful game J - aWe .held.a co.unpil of war en tlxq spot, and concluded /to tot'um' vidth ,all spee'd ' to; th'e '"village,/ report /lirojjress at tiie barrack; ahd'pbtairi' ii: soaroli-syar- ! -rant' to-" overhaul Lawlcsss quarters - We soon gdt back- to tho yillage,: where,; after: a -little: :dolny, . we succeeded in obteining the. warrant, and .also tlie one available mini . left, in ' tlio", barracks," as a reinforc'cnichj;',;' the rest- having bden .briterc'd ' Awmy' the -day ''previbus to- another -'part of tlife /country. On -iSome.riotingi.busiricss:-:-.With great ' promptness wo ordered out tjio.anly car in th'e village, jumped oh," it, and ill quick time, reached tho entrance to tlie liin'c tha'tilcd' up fo"Ijawres3:s' liovel. This Ihine -loft 'the. ' Dundalk Road on life right-hand side at a short distance" boyond 'tlie scene described,, and/was- extremely,.- /narrow anj:l .dangerous!' , Faytlier advance on .the veliiele.wiis ! not to. bo ' thought of: ' so' wo' counscllod, tlie sd river to. wait where lie was, at . the - entrance1 of !tho lane, -'£ill wo-cii7nor baCk- iha- tliing "wliieh lie was exceedingly /loath .to -do.- Then «-c. pressed, forward .on foot. ;/ ?.(- jj Ve,sbon fbuijd bursejves flpunderiug!"throiigh a marshy moor, wheVe At' cvorj' ' stop'' we stumbled against some- proj bet-in y stone ' of clump'' of- heather or-plungediinto.ft- pool of bogrwater: - To- aihR' tp ;pui; injsery, . a :,dense: d.rizzling.raiiv began -,to" fall, anil the.'davtoicss: hardly alio wed, us .to see objects '.five yards' ahebd.' ' 1 r In the ' pii rsiiit'of fame .otliei -meii1 haye- beeiv'khowh to ' wadc;thr6ngh fif!c' ; . wb W'bre-wading through bog-holes. - -It: wOs : a;tircf-r ' some business, yet wo held . on /gallantly itill- .wb arrived wjthin, a short distance of -tho place where tlio house slioiild be. : jneto . -wo, baited aiid di vided ouf forces. .We'knew tlib .IAivicss family residence fof old' ; how well' cite was -provided I against such invasions. Alt'. -.wiis! A mere -cabin/ witii a srnall door and window in front, .while- in ; tlio rear,', jinotber door ..opened/' out ..upon ;a ,mopr- laiid district. "Maiiy a time' 'had - tlio V'ily'jCaw- less given 'the Royal Irish tlie'slip'; for whilst /tlioy were -hanglitily d'omfodin1g'entrahte!-iirt:j'thc name of the law at tho front door, IAwleas/wbrild ;he making his exit tliroiigh the door.at thejbaek, and got clear off into mountains.'' Tims life, arrest of tlie- 'deteet-ion : ' of ' stolen ' gbodw ' waii1 rendered very .difficult indeed, i Now, '.jliowevef. s ;;undei- my dircctieiis, .Oowd, .our reinforcement, and. myself arrived . -simultaneously , at tiici, front/ t.db6r,.h&kdbw;/ahff'.'nd6w/;/I know Lawless; "to be a powerful' detefm'incd'follbw.ribt' likely to' surrender-. liis liberty "without an"1 effort" so I; . screwed: up -tiie courage ! in , my.r heart' ivndbthjo''' f,bayonet on my gun; resolved to scwure.my-inafeor; flio/in tho! a'ttenipt.| . Alfthb ..dispositions .liavin'gj beeii" satlsfactoriljv rtade, I': khbelto'd/!and" dq-., manded entrance in tlic:iisiial fomV '' 'At 'first-, no" response; t All was! as silciit as t-ho AraVci- During"1 .the few byiof.mOments tliat / ensued,;: Locould al-f- ..most /hear my . heart beat, with ,r norvous tlirob- bings, j, for we .pblicemcivaro oiily- mori .after all. Then I 'knocked again j'.'and -.this ( time' heard a slight bustling hoiserinside."' A low voice/ thiit of . _Lawrcss.'s'.wifc,- asked;who was there. . -I. told her lnyiuiiup and mfesion,- and that till resistance was - useless, . as Areslioiililhavc to hrealc the.door opciie in ,case slic refused ' tb admit' its. ' The , bar 'jnrjfgT. immediately dfawii back!"' I- gave tostrnctibife to the roinfofccmcnt to follow me lip closely, linil' entered boldly. The. old/woman. at . my direction struck a light, , and revealed hersolf in— well, un dress. , I undid the bolt of tho back.door, and admitted the datuitlcss O'Dowd; ' Then I searched, the place from top to -bottom, O'Dowd and the reinforcement keeping guard meanwhile at each door, to prevent an attempt at escape. But such precautions were- useless ; for after an-zlioUr spent in a most painstaking investigation I failed to'discover any triico of Lawless, '.of'anjj-- thing which would lead iis to beKcve that he had ' been in the house recently. . During -my search, the woman looked ;on /in sullen. silence. : : - At its conclusion, I . put tho question to .her point-blank : 'S\\\foere is. your, husband to-night, Mrs- Lawless'?' "/ ; " Well thin," sho answofbd info tone of- Vekal- tion, "I'm thinkin' j t's mesclf ought tobc.axiU' you that same, scein' as howyou kape a ctoser eye : upon him than any oiib I. know of..".. . ', / ,,,, j . ' | At any rate/ Mrs Lawless/ you knofe ,'th'at we. policemen must do ohrduty ;and by all acebunts, he's not giving yourself the best of fair-play!" . , Well; I suppose that's a matther betune mp an' him. , Au' if he docs, go about tho counthry squandofin' an batherin, it s not. at your cxpinsb alnyliow." ' ; 1V,: 1 ! " Surely," said I, pretending tb bo in iioway anxipns;; "but;we :want him down at the barracks , about a little bit of business that hp had a liand in. But iieyer .mind blaming us, wlip wouldri!t allow a liaif of your head to be 'touched. And this I will say, tliat.1 it's the wonder of -this \- whole country, how you, bear up with him, driving liimself and your own respectable- family; to - (ruin/'.-, ,,... . .. ,.f. j - " Eu! troth sifrthat's ' Ihriie'fbr ' youi" she rj- l-ittlll All 0%01-foz)- J3 £ T — J J » plied, somewjiat softened. . "An' it was anon lucky day whin I, a dacent Malone, tuk tho nol tion of comin' in among the dhirty Lawlesses tli» thievm pack f But shure, I was young an' mnZ ccntthra, ' she added after a pause. " There's no use in telling us what we know Mrs Lawless, and that. Can't be helped how. It'i time for us to be bidding you good-niglit ma'am and sorry we are for having had to disturb you.-I By the way, here's a pipe that I think belong to you : we found it outside/' ' No sir ; it's not mine. ; it's Jack's ; for it was nun put that mark on thq.bowl wid his knife." " Well, in tliat case. ma" ui," said I smiling, "I had better . keep it till I see himself to-morrow, Bnt if he ever givas you any trouble, just slip down to Mir. O'Dowd and me, ahd I'll engage that you won't have to complain; a second time. " Thank you kindly for' that same," she replied " ye good-night an' safe home. " ' " Talking about getting safe home, Mrs Law. less,' said O'Dowd ; " you haven't got the best avenue. in the world for visitors oh'a dark night : and tlie rain lias hot improved it. I was hoping that the weather was beginning to. harden when I saw last Thursday's frost." " Frost never lasts no time in December," re plied the unsuspecting lady. - I "Whan I saw the people '.bringing _ their horses I to the forge to get them sharpened, '/said I "the I idea ' Btruck me that they .were only throwin- I away theiy time and money/'. '"'!. // , I " WeH, jist think o' that'how,'!'-' 's1ie broke in I with admiration. ' - " I nicd/flic; idbhtiqal samo I remark to Lawless on Thursday/ as"hb/whs sittin' I in that corncr'thcrC'hammenrt'g .a' frost-nail into I his brogue. Bnt what I' say is, Live an' I loanu," , .. _ . , . /, | Vro'failed togetanythiiig fUitilerof,unportanco I out of the old (lame/ though; she'stemed. to be in I a ver>' good fraufe of minfffbr afibt-ding inforina- I tion ; so; we: took but leave with expressions of I goo 1-will on both sides. ' !' I Tlio rain-- ivns still falling when' we quitted tho I hqv.-I. "0ur!pa8siigc- liack was if possible fraught I witli increased discomfort and difficulty, owing I to the cimpletely saturated state -'of the grouud. I At length we 'dmeiged upon-' the" high-road, I dripping from head tb foot, but still not dis- I heartenciL... - I During onr absence tlie carman had had his I own share of vexation, ft! had rained ; on him I continually fever siheo ; anil the care. of' liis horse I had. prevented, him from seeking' a foorc adequate I shelter tli-fh. that;1 alTorded by; the herghboring I t thorn-hedge. /At th3'.soutid'6f''piir.'fo6tetcp3 ho I ' came out of his retreat/ ahd :glad:'h3 was to see m I .-back again/'/,:;!.-'-": /--f-'---''-? -a. - ' I " Tare an' ounds, nun," said he, "but lavas jisi I thinkin I'd never elhp..ey.eson you agin, ascourin' I the whblc'klisswlfountiiry 'of a'/night! .like this. I Fa-ix, au'/it's mesself "that's Hvfell'pnisB i .that you I haVen't 'comc into ahydifinim /for atitnoursels, I I wouldn't jfet-Iike' to bt'uriiin'foe-dh'ycent car I .'into a.hea'r3e." .:Ho:wns qiuto'-reekinArith-wct, I much worse than nny 'orie of oursolvesj- and shook all over as if in au ague fit. - Astf. Whilst O'Dowd irad I wore resolving on tho next move/ our / companion constable, went up to him in a symiiatfifeingavay, ! " Is your, coat very 1 ivet, Larry- ?"; said Tie: -' "! " ' "Be the terlins,' sir, tlic 'coat surrindliercd to !thc rain .agesagp dy,hut; thq,- skirt ;is- ; iiouldin' out grand. It's aiiilKin?Jip!tiicx)bres. inline skin so .diver tiiat divil resavc the ilhrop of- wet 'ud .reach me bojics.till tBfe'inorrbw mornin'." Befdre tho constable had time to reply, I turned round to the carman and asked:r "zJ>id1"ryoii sco any person or perspns- pass by. from- the. Dundalk direction,-. while- you were-waitingfor.us?" , "Not ailiVin'.Bpwlj..bm-riii!,l,at'Murpliy, that's saivinfc-bhoj-. tp.Mr. .O'Connor, down; at the Glen Mills tliere, ( .An' Bavin', yfec .presence, wish I was as near tlie kiln-fire lis ,T 'expect' Tic is this .lniuit/' j. Td ' ! !' !:Xf " O'Dowd here remarked .to me : / ' The night u young still. I think that the best.course we can ,take is to drop down to the mills and . sec if the ! People tiicreknoapy-tliing/ met any orie fo'-night" on life road home from Dun dalk." '! ; I jumped at 'this ' suggestion,'., and/reminded O'Dowd of the fact that the Glfeh' Mills wore tlio nearest human liabitiition fo!!thc scene of tho catastrophei ' The rain was now falling in torrents ; -the state .of our . clothes— rit-couliLmot.. be—wone. Oiir rclnforcemeri t, ; who was a : raw recruit, ninl who doubtloss was wishing himself back again dndifepnatiye 'doiwtr,, liere d'ecbly -suggested- the I 'pritoIl/of:|toming;iuhn '"-Eor/' said he, I ' wo will be able to see. things bettor after day- I break." . . I ; "A policeman must be a policeman when duty I calls," I replied IiaugBtiR'i; ," and Sub-constable I Green_ouglit to be more fully- alive to the respon- < sibilitics of his- positipn.— Drive on!" said I to the I carman. ' ' ' '" " " 'r Ho obeyed promptly," looking forward with pleasure. to Sri opportunity of dryitig-' his clotho at thedaln-kre; > h. v J. 1 r;. I In a few minutes we had' reached tlie mills. At H .. tlie. souiuLaf.'tha.wheels, -O'Cottubr!! camev oiit 'of I his kitchen, whore his servant-munMurphy was I seatqd;_afr his. supper He vi-as. surprised to see ns I '.stop.bipfore; . Ids door, ahd accordcdr us an . Lish jwelifome to htoi/m out of 'the;';iuin.' We did a I nothing loath/ as may 'be imagined/ and pro- B Ceesded'tbdry oiirselves iit tlie kitolien fife stand- fl ling; for jwe iVere too wet to«it doivn'J vO'Connor fl ;,anrl,jife man were -the only perapiis -in . the house fl stiB 'up.,; all the. resti-liml gone "to bod,, as » fl /efedd' judge from the' toll-tale' '.snbnng from an -'adpiccnt'foom'.- '- ' Ifolil O'Connbr'1 oiir 'business ; B how'lhat old Peggy Malorie had becfe murdered H .down- initlic- glen that night in a . rnbat- shocking H manner, and that wc , had dropped down to his fl place, hoping that ho might bo able to throw soine.li"lit on'the affair. as lie JiVeiTso near the fl spot, : He was 'qiute- horrified at tbe/ news, as B also w his servant/ whig . from: tlifezmbmcnt' he fl :heard.-it suspended his-, supper -operations, lis- H ,teningTwith eypa iind mouth \ride open to tha H , fonvqrsatioh. O'Connor ' told me that he had beehuchigea." about 'tho mill" all' the evening iintil a late hour. - Returnihg from the kiln at teh/o'elock' or thereabouts, the had heard noises fl of a.confused. nature down the road but had not paid. much attention to them, thinking that they fl proceeded from some drunken party getting home from the market. He had heard the wheels of » fl cart too coming down the gleii road from Dun- dalk direction.; he was quite. certain about that; H anil after a little time-anothcr cart, a a lie itns- ginod, had passed, going in the opposite diro> B tion. ; The scuffling noises took place .some tinio between the passage of tlie two carts: 'After that H Tie had" gone into his house, and heard no more. When he had concluded, life story, he asked ns H if. I had reasons for suspecting any one in particn- lar as the assassin.' I told liim wo strongly sns- fl pectecl Lawless, and mentioned' at the same time the several' particulars by which we wore led t H conclude, that he was the man. H At the mention of Lawless's name, the count nance of Murphy, which had all along been quite a study, assumed a frightful, aspect ; and b® H blurted out in a gasping tone ; "'Why! why! 1 fl met Lawless on a cart'jistas I' was- lavin' D| B -dalk. . .Presarve us from harum.! but I was j"5 H goin' to. spake to the villain, -whin, lie turned away liLs'liead tb the wan side. Murdher alive t H iist to. think of it !" After this fashion he con tinucd to express his horror of the deed and tno perpetrator of it. But the- hearts: of O'Dowd, inyaclf. and possibly the recruit, rejoiced at tn® fl disclosure. - Ilero was- a fresh, reliable clue, no' only connecting Lawless with the. act, but nls® fl affording most valuable information, as to ni® 'whereabouts,-.' H /We liastened to express our thanks to mast# ftomanfoftheif- tiihclj assistance in tho ma |7r bade tbem a waxm good night, and hurried out' of the house. "Wo roused our carman from the kiln-fire, where ho was drying himself, and told him to drive straight into Dundalk. He disagreeably surprised at the order7 but promptly obeyed ; and soon we were plunmng on at a rapid rate through the darkness. On, 011 we sped. The driver was careful not to draw rein up hill or down brae. He _ knew now that wo were after Lawless, became excited in conse quence, and was in momentary fear of an attack being made upon us. I saw him anxiously scan the hedges as we scurried past them, and at inter vals grasp his whip in a determined fashion. "When we were In any particularly conspicuous spot, I could hear him repeat his prayers in a hurried tone ; and once he leant down from his seat to inform me that if ho fell, the horse and car were to gn to his ' brother Mick, and the house and garden av coorse to the ould woman. Still onward we. sped, every moment bringing us nearer the grand climax of our hopes. The link3 in the chaiu of evidence were fitting in beauti fully, and we wcreiin high expectations 'of soon laying our hands upon the perpetrator of the hor rid deed! p;.; cnarrkn iy.— The Missing, Links. It struck one o'clock as we entered the deserted streets of Dundalk:.' The morning hoakfor Liver pool would start at eight. 1 It. was probable that Lawless would take advantage of that means of escape. But miglit lienot have some other tac tics in view? Perhaps' at that moment he was trying to dispose of his victim and of his plunder in some fashion that would baffle detection, and destroy irrecoverably the missing links of -the chain of _ evidence. So, dismissing our carman with an injunction to hold himself in readiness at his usual baiting-house, we proceeded to knock- up the inmates or all the the third-rate lodging- houses and place of low resort whero it was likely , that Lawless might have secreted himself; Into all of these wo effected an entrance. In- some cases we experienced undue opposition, which the dire threats of the law alone overcame. We ran sacked each with care, but failed to discover any : traces of our man. ' About three o'clock-wc found' ourselves in a completely exhausted state at .tlie Isst house of the series. " In the' kitchen of" this house a fire was provided" for us, arr.uud , which we sat, drying our clothes and wishing 'for the day. The recruit soon fell into a, sleep and- talked- incoherently a't intervals. O'Dowd dozed off and on ; but I did not once close my eyes. What" man worth his salt could give way 'td sl'uinber at such a critical juncture ! . .. >- j- When day broke about seven "o'clock,1 'we squared oureQlves anew and marched :.do$m ..to., the docks' foiytho purpose of reconnoitring, the' passengers ; who wcre td . start bythe eight 'o clock ' steamer.,. y(c u;cnt,down a little lane, at. the, end ofhicli we debouched on the!quay, aitd-in the1-' gray morning light discerned the boat at sqrne distance on. tho right, getting up -steam for 'her' departure, -.Half ,- way- was a tan-yard, 'with its gate lying wide open. ' From' that 'gate 'wc' blV-' served emerging, none other than the object, of,, our search— -Lawjcss ! He did not bbserverus, asr: he was going in _ the opposite direction. Wc doubled rapidly till we 'eame up' to him. " 'Just ' as I was about to lay my hand on his shoulder, lie turned round sharply and confronted me. . -Never - shall I forggt his appearance. . His face was, of an asliy pfflbness and terror-struck at -the sight of "us." , There. were on -his trousers and vest tho unmis. takable marks of blood. On his shoes there was none, or thcir-muddy condition obliterated it. He trembled like. an infant when wo grasped liini, " anil in an agony of excitement cried : " I did .not,-, do it ! I swear by All the karate that I am inno- > cent of it !. His shouts could 'be heard over the- whole quay3, and were already attracting.to tIie, spot a considerable number of the stemner folk.. So, fearing a scene ?vnd a possible attempt; ait res- . cue, I grasped my ; musket, resolutely and told, him to be silcnt'OnVthc instant, or I would not - answer for the! consequences. - - - , / I then stated the charge which was laid against mm, giving liiih pt tho same time the u3ual;cau- turn not to say anything that might compromise his case. Once more I saw him open his mouth"" as if to renew his expostulations ; but the words' 11 iI'S 3s I gave him one of my -fiercest looks (I am a terrible fellow- when roused V"; ami- he subsided into a state of dogged indifference to _ his situation. O'Dowd produced; the liaiidcuffs ; whereupon wc wheeled about and marched our J>7,s.oner in triumph up through the town. I'fclt" that tno_cyc of -.the nation was upon us - as iv'o . escorted mm along in that triumphal progress. If he had. stirred an inch I would have bayoneted him on the-spot, I do bcliove. When we reach eel - the place where our, car had' put lip for the night; ' 0 Dowd and niysclf hastened to get "oiir prisonrr- under way -with> all. speed - possible. We left the recruit behind," to prosecute a search for the cart and the missing, body, . promising that - he shouffl be relieved in a short time. He started - .ott, Ylth suspicious alacrity ; and I am still of opinion that'hs went in pursiiitHof liiabreakfasf, ' ontmry tcorderfl. g 1 !>_ ;. The c« was got round, and our prisoner, seated between us. , Oracle went the whip. Diradalk' tewards Mullaghboy." 'But what witli tho excite" " mcnt and necessity of being constantly on the' watch amnnst any /sudden ' 'dashr. of our :;wily : prisoner, ! felt, every, minute- an age. -He. still- retained that Silciit passive expression" of ihdi£e>- cnce into which my threats ITad temficd lilm, ov whereby he strovc-to cloak his real emotion. I mioqsly awaited- the moment when-, we should reach the glen, the scone of his "so reccnf mis- 'ij telb that unless he had a heart of steel c could not, under the circuinstahc'es, resist some «Pression of his feelings. - Entering the glen; he- PPeared somewhat fidgety ; and as, we i -/passed tue actual spot, I -could observe an almost imp'ef- ' pu tremor rlltv over liis-face, jiust as vif'the" ciuilneas of . tho jnorning air- had penetrated- Urough him.-.. T. scanned :him closely: and 'ho' wicw it. He' appeared determined to" brave' it cut however; for we had not yet emerged from we glen, when he requested permission, to -light . mspipe. He was lost for a smoke, and the1 jhorn-' 80 co' ho. said. .Although, I was sure mat this was .only by "way of bravado, I ccn- i wi\eVWon, he, directed .me to- pull ihe ppeiout of his pocket, as his hands were confined. m'- an-d fdnd the said Pip® to he almost "ew. ihis fact appeared -vory significant to f t /T a- myself, as we expressed by nods over' .1® ®oopm« form of Lawless, now enveloped-in p. tiTra tobacco-smoke. Ah ! how little he know mat the very act by which he calculated to eVa'do mspicion was striking as it were an additional ceil into his coffin ! .. .„ From this reflection I feil into musing on the uerent circiimsiatttfes, trivial enough in the'm- JSS, \v!iich had led us on step by step to the |;ind result. The statements of the "drunken" inter, let fall by chance in our hearing— Peggy 'alone out later than usual — our beat prolonged P to the glen in consequence of an inference: k( ?,.rom the two preceding facts--the pool'-of ood discovered — the marks of a struggle— the Pfints of the frost-nail — the tracks. of. a heavily, 1 e a eert— the old pipe of Lawless — the noises ®eard during the night by O'Connor — Lawless served entering Dundalk with a cart— his detec- eu on the quay at that early hour of the inQni- 3-the blood on hiafflothes— ' his frighte'nai looks Zjus unguarded denial of a crimp not yet alleged Jt.ln,sthim — in fine, every little circumstance -pc ' occurred from the' time when -! we - put upon. the scent up to the present Sue, were the thoughts- that 'coursed thfbiigh'' Praia as. the vehicle brought ua every , accent nearer -td oiir-destination. And riowwilh- a mind more at ease, I secretly chuckled at tho vista of promotion I saw opening out before mo, , I saw myself a dignified head-constable in the village, ordering my men about in splendid style, and in a-rfriendly fashion patronising a certain Sergeant O'Dowd of the same barracks. I also saw a certain rich widow of tho neighborhood eagerly closing in with a matrimonial proposal) of ncr own making ; a retiring pension, &c.; \- From these delicious reveries I was roused by the gleeful shouts of Lawless, who was pointing excitedly ahead of us at an old lady seated com fortably on tho top of a well- packed cart, which was -jogging along the road before us. Could my eyes deceive mc ? Or was it really Peggy. Malone ' coiqe back from the dead ? There she was how ever, to all appearance alive and well, and belaboring the old pony with all her accustomed vigor. In a few seconds .more we were at hand. We pulled up as a matter. of course, to obtain an explanation of tho mystery. i Lawless at once appealed to her in an affec tionate tone : " Arrah, Peggy dear, is it yerself I see at all at all, or 011'y yer ghost, that's dhrivin' the murdherod corp. back to berril ? For if it's a berril, wo'll push on ahead to- get tho bell rung and the praste ready." ! .."Go along, ye blaggard !" wa3 the surly re proof mado by Peggy to the foregoing eloquent appeal. - - ' But Lawless, mentally transferring that reproof to her old nag, which just then exhibited an extra. , amount of laziness, proceeded to question tho old lady still further : " So ye worcn't kilt afther all, as these gintlemin let on to me ye won." " Give me no more 0' yer lip, Lawless," she replied curtly ; " bekasc I don't want to have no dailins wid ye, good or bacl." ! "Those gintlemin, ".said the rascal, looking 'at tho rueful countenances of O'Dowd and myself; "aren't half-plaised that you worcn't murdhered out an' out. An' bedad," lie added in an under tone to me, "it's jist meself that wouldn't say wan word agin that same, soein the fine bit 0' money Pd be comin' in fur." I paid no attention to his remarks, whiph seemed extremely commonplace at tho time, liot to qpeak of their very bad- taste ; -but', whispering.' over to O'Dowd, I observed "As we have nothing further against Lawless', it's only fait to" let him j Ro home to his wife. We can alight from the car aid send it on into the village before us. I would /prefer to walk in,, as I feel rather stiff about the joints. ' What do you say ?" _ -O'Dowd closed at once with the proposal, add ing : I'm rather stiff myself, now that I come to think of it ; and wjnlil be -glad of an' oppor tunity to stretch my legs." I turned round to Lawless, and romarked . in! a grand patronising fitehion :"" Well/' lawless, you. have given us the most Batisfa<tofyi>roof possible that you are innocent of the ..business. ,-Wc will ;let yoii go lipme how, ..if ydiiipromisV-ito do 0 quietly ; and indeed it is only right and proper ffor.you to' do so at once, for your wife was very . uneasy abouiyou last night.. By, the ;wayr. take 'this :pip'o, that I found1 last -night oh 'tlw-rdad ; it belongs to you. " " /Bilt'Lawless tro_ngly objected to this way of settling tirebusineto. 'Said lie : "Ay, ay, gintlc- min, I ll-not stir an inch off this 'blissed -car; till wfc git'intd"town ';"fof go' before'the madjis'thrate. .1 must, to clear meself an' remove all stains from', mo chara c tlier. —&hire;, Peggy darlint, they wor /wantih' to ;make me , out a'inurclficfer, An' of your - own hwato aelf,' bc.Ver' lave. .Ay .'7 btit 7l'Il_tako an axshun agin the whole brigade 0' thim for"' illuygal seizure an' defamathun of cliar«ctlier, tjio _ char (tct hertliat l wouldivt let a stain 011 for fill /they're worth.— Dlirivo on, Larry avick," said ho : to the carman, who was enjoying the joke as only "an Irishman can when the dignity' of the Force is aSsailed. r . 'We'saw that there was no help for it; so in!d state :df 'despairing acquiescence, we allowed the cannap to drive on ahead. The carman, alad ! see'ined, to.liave lost all tluit admirable spirit bf obedionco/jvhich distinguished him throughout the campaign. He was dilatory in sotting off, prob- ably from a desire to hear more. 5 " ' ' Lawless kept iip a galling fire of talk, dirocted steaiglit n« us. ". The name of Lawless," he con- .tinued; "has got aslight put on it be this tlirans-' axshun' ! I'll pever he able to hould up mc head' ifgih: , The likes was never hoerdi tell of in this > cbuhtlii before. ., But I'll spare no expinse.; 1(11 "sell me property out— lock, stock and barril— to -send-thc inane scoundrels across the say for raisin' stich a scandalous report. An' I wouldn't mind- so much aboiit me3clf ; but it's hringin' yer nam'e, JPcggy darlint, into the affair that kills me opt an out. But good inornin' aropn. They'll hardly git the , sthripes "they're lnintino $"thh time at any rate. - DIirive.off; Larrj', to the madjisthrate. !I want ine characther.to.be cleared." j It was horrible tolisteh to him, and to think of eventualities. . "As we approached the villago, Lawless continued to soliloquise audibly in amofet uncomplimentary manner with regard to us' ; whilst the driver, before so respectful, now ig nored us entirely, and actually, dared to opon ;a conversation witli the wretched murd ' Se wo reache'd the magistrato's house! ' . " "' j After a short investigation, the whole mystery -was successfully cleared up. It appeared that Lawless, oh Monday evening, had in his capacity as knacker purchased a broken-down old mule, tho .price of which he "most probably had ex tracted from the pockets, of the inebriated tinker a few hours previously. He was taking it away to Dundalk to a dcaler in hides and manufacturer of bone-manure. The animal, however, exhausted by age and starvation, was incapable of the long journey, and had Bunkdba'ii in tho glen. r.os£ tively, refusing, and being in fact unable 'to ad- 'rvanco further. On this the resolute Lawless teok 'out his knife and put an end to the wretched' animal's sufferings by the simple process of open ing ah artery. The mule had thus bled to death. This successfully done, he proceeded at once into -Dundalk, procured a cart at the slaughter-house, ' and brought it up to, tho place -where the mule's carcase lay. Having successfully hoisted his cargo on the vehicle, he returned to the slaughter house, and slept there that night. About day break, feeling very thirsty after his lato debauch, he, resolved to go out to town in search of a glass of something before his breakfast. On this quest liei was juste emerging from the tan-yard gate when we made the arrest. At this point bf his statement I proposed to liim the question : ' ' Why . he, had been so, prompt in lib declaration of inno cence- before : any offence was alleged against him - Ho replied that at the moment when wo laid hgpda on him the idea in . his mind was that we t suspected him of having stolen Walsh's money, abd lie could not restrain his feelings at tho thought of that. He was poor, but he hoped that he was honest. This concluded his explanation. Long before he had done, the real state of ;- the case flashed across my mind like lightning across the heavens. I was morally certain- that Lawless had robbed Walsh of the money with which he subsequently bought the old mule. But as in tho case of the supposed murder, the less said abo t it the better. So Lawless was dismissed by the old magistrate who I am sorry, to say treated the whole affair as an excellent joke — and dismissed too, as lie had desired, without a_ stain on liiycharacther. He 'once'more holds his-, head aloft -among the neigh- ; bora, and still remains as great a tliief as ever, I - believeT 1 J j As for Peggy Malone's mysterious disappear ance, rwe ascertained subsequently that she had turned -aside from her road to make a friendly call at the liou.se,ofa distant rplative who wis unyreU.-.Vyicldrng> to,; a prtesiijg invitation, she had stopped there that 'nighta;- and when we lovertpokher in. the morning,- was calmly. return - -ing to-Mullaghboy with all" her BtocJr.ind . J Of courso it's all as plain as a pikestaff to the . reader now ; but O'Dowd and I dare console our selves with tho hope that his first impressions differed not from our own as regards the supposed mimler. If haply, such be the case, our injured vanity will be satisfied, and the object of this narrative amply realised. By a tyrannical hand; for reasons not alleged, wc havo been transferred from the scene of oup late exertions,' and are at present stationed in county Tipperary, where there is every year a very satisfactory calondar of crime, what with landlord-shooting, threatening lettcra, arson, and all that. It is evident that we can't much longer be kept 'out of our promotion, unless in-" deed it fall to our lot to investigate silch another deed of blood. The estimateS-in-chief of the '.present New South Wales Government were laid on tho . table of the Legislative Assembly on the 14th inst. The S.' M. Herald says that, comparing tliem with the ' 63tima,te3 presented by Mr. Colien in October last for tse same year, 1879, there was a reduction in £hc expenditure pro posed of nearly £450,000. As ho explanation was vouchsafed, at the time, tho inference drawn from the figures was that there was to be that much saved to the State The saving, however, was more apparent than real.; From the statement 'of tho Treasurer yesterday all the chief items that jyere withdrawn from the estimates -in-chief now reappear on a' Separate schedule ; and in some instances the items have enormously increased. For instance, the vote , proposed, by , Mr. ;Gohen' towards the; er&etion; of a new .atic" asylum at Callan "Favk was £25,000 ; lvlr._ Weston's estimate is for the erection of : a new lunatic asyluni'at Callan Park, £127,000 ; Mr. Cohen asked for £10,000 for prison build ings at Trial Bay ; Mr. Watson 'asks for three times that amount, namely, £30,000. And there are one or two large items on the. schedule which did not appear on Mr. Cohen's, estimate at all. This schedule of estimates of expenditure comprises works, the'cost'of which the Goveonment proposes shall be defrayed out of the accumulated surplus' on the consoli dated revenue fund, and therefore; it is the items were withdrawn from the' estimates-in- chief. The following is .the schedule we refpr to, and it' will.be seen that the expenditure as pro posed in the estimates-in-chief is increased by .£ Ij210,000 — -Towards the completion of the Prince- Alfred Hospital, £20,000 special . grant' to country and Suburban municipalities, equal to half the rates in each case for the municipal year ending 4tli February, 1879, £34,000 ; special , grant to the corporation of Sydney for .thie year '1879, £25,000 ; for pur chase of land -adjoining ;the -Necropolis, ;Hafe- "lem's 'Creek, for "puhiic'purp63es7 1440 acrto,.- £36,000 breakwaters, /"Clarence River, in-': eluding some payments of 1878 out of the? Treasurer's advance 'account, £20,000 ; prison' buildings, n &c;,; Trial- Bay, £30)000:; dredge for -teriyera1'- anil lakes, £15|000 dredge; tug and- punts/to be i 'employed in the first' instance 'oh' 'tne Mahking River, £18,000 ; 'punta for ''dreclge '8emce,7'£i3 dredge, &c.;, for Sydney harfior) £15jj00.p ; for providing water supply for country towns, £250,000 ; erection of lighthouse, Green' Cape? >£17,000:; jfor- the'jereotion of anew lunatic itlallqai-Piiri £127,000 for the cpmpletion of public .offices for the Lands de partment; £"35,000 ; for the completion of new public offices for Department of /'Public jorlts ; and CffloniM Secretair es, OOpf ;7tori the erec tion of new Free PutficiLib'rary, £15.0,000 ;; forrthe erection of New Law Court?, £210,000; for the 7 'extension of ®the,;ne. General "'PoSt Oflice; including '£13300 "payable to the hon. Alexander Campbell, funder arbitrator's award" ' fgr.resuinption of-land in Pitt-streete £150,000; total, £1,210,000. 