THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) ruo'jr.Essio.v, oun kicihk, and our resources. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, lb~9. HOME NEWS. The Congress of Berlin had a problem to solve. It arose out of a war between two foreign states, and by the arrangements of a preliminary peace between them, by which that war had been provisionally ended. Other states said their rights were infringed, so a review was compelled, and a modifica tion insisted on. But the modification ad mitted by the belligerent states only settled questions in 'which generalEuropean interests were asserted, aiul details were left to be settled by negotiation betweon the belli gerents. Herein is the hitch. Tho exact execution of the treaty which resulted from the Congress of Berlin was gradually ap proached, and, it may bo added, has been as gradually delayed. Attention must be recalled to appreciate its sig nificance. It was said to be a great achievement, and, tried by the teat of such achievements in perplexing and obscuring plain matters, it undoubtedly was one. One thing js certain, that until the settlement contemplated has been consummated peace between the two empires, though made, is in reality unsecured. We all know that ever since the regular execution of the treaty of Berlin scarce a cablegram has come to us from Europe which does not make it quite con ceivable that misunderstandings may arise to place it in jeopardy. There has, indeed, been a formal close of hostilities. The treaty re quires, and England has declared, that peace shall be definitely established in the east of Europe. V/e were to have, said Lord Beacons lield, a lasting peace. It is qnjy in the carrying into effect of this beneficial qrganisatiou in a manner compatible with the will and the interests of the States represented at Berlin, that difficulties have been intorposed. As fast as one obstacle is surmounted, which threatens to nullify the settlement, another discouragement is discovered. The hin drances are collateral, but nevertheless they are indications that Russia indulges in none of those hopes with which Europe is fain to conso'e itself. Tho settlement of Berlin cannot bo reopened. To withdraw her armies, is for Russia to retire from a posi tion not only embarrassing and osponsive but useless. There still remains to face, tho practical problems of carrying out its pro visions. Let us briefly touch on the most salient of these—the Bulgarian, and Rou melian, and the Greek. In Bulgaria rind Koumelia tlie crea tion and organisation of a new state —a state, too, to so largo qu oxtejit artificial—required the utmost tact and a ! special combination of firmness and pru dence. Apart from the limits prescribed, whatever they might be, these qualification for settlement were indispensible. The Bulgaria of the treaty of San Stefano, in deed, was no longer contemplated, but the burning question remained between rival, ye t kindred, populations. The prescription of the . Congress in the treaty had, at least, the negative recommendation that every op ponent could be.challenged to nanjo apy pther which would not have jnyojred greater ano malies. ResponsiblestatesmenofthelirstEuro pean states desired and deemed them practic able. Protest can a) ways be. and always is, raised against every transition from any old system, and change is rarely unaccompanied by in convenience and disturbance. That may be 110 proof that the execution of the treaty is impracticable. But whether it is imprac ticable or not, it has been signed by the British Government, with the full support of Parliament, and not only its value, but the value of future international trans actions, depends on the refusal oven to con template a possibility of departure from it. The policy it declared was final, and in the assertion of its principle the support of the country can be relied on. But Eastern Roumelia tlatlyrefuses to have act or part in the plan chalked out for it. Then the vexed question of tho rectification of the Greek frontier seems further off than ever from settlement or compromise. Whether in the broad outline laid, down, or in the modification of details, there is made apparent, in both quarters, a dogged resist ance which, whether it is called firmness or obstinacy, shuts the door oven on legitimate suggestions. Any concession demanded by any change of circumstances would have found its best interpretation in the ability to distinguish between what was essential, and what unimportant. But reasonableness has been seemingly set aside. No State or Principality can insist on its full rights being conceded without reviving confusion and strife. Nor is to be forgotten that while the political dilliculties are thus enhanced, the whole financial position of the Turkish empire is fatally pre judiced. Russia, indeed, by the protocol of Berlin embodied in the treaty, may wait patiently for the prior satisfaction of the more urgent necessities of the Porte; but if Russia finds that in the course marked out neither patience nor moderation can ac complish the result, the arms are not yet laid down which have already silenced law. Incidental to these grave discussions, there is another which will resume its im portance. The. inarch on Cabul has been ordered, and Cabul will again bo taken. There is little fear in Afghanistan of any reverse to our arms. The real danger of our position will not arise at the pre sent time, but will come, and surely, after permanent occupation, when the ex citement has worn off, and our troops, European and native, begin to realise, as they realised of old, the discomfort of a tour of service in that country; and when, perhaps, under the inevitable policy of re trenchment and reaction, garrisons may be reduced to too low a strength. As for pre sent danger, it can only arise out of European diplomacy. In a military view, the Indian army now in Afghanistan is very much stronger, especially in Europeans, and is better found in every way than that of 1839\. It has stronger reserves in support, which did not exist 011 the former occasion, and it is much nearer its base. The Aw.has Was:.'—According to a telegram from Bombay which we received last night, active hostilities luive been resumed in Afghauu tau. It is reported that Major Sandeman's caiip at liagha lvliaii, south of Oaudahar, has been attacked by "J.OOU Afghans, who, liowever, were easily repulsed, their loss being 145 and that of the British small. Jordan's Hand-I'owkii Drill.—The agents for the sale of this machine have made arrange ments with the Shenandoah Company to prac tically test it in sinking their shaft, and if approved of, the company will purchase it. The machine will be on view in the exhibition machinery yards for the remainder of this week, but \wll b.: removed early next week to the Shenandoah Company's mine. Sr. L'i;tki:'s Ciu'isuii, Kaui.ku.wvic, Art Union.—The committee advertise that they will positively re-open the bazaar on Monday next, for the purpose of selling oil'the remainder of the articles that they have left on hand and also to draw the art-union. The secretary assures us that there will be no more delay, and for the sake of all concerned we hope not. Cou.STKitviciT Coins. — Tradespeople and others wouhl do well to examine carefully all coins tendered to them, as there is good reason to believe that a large quantity of counterfeit silv er coins :s at present in circulation in Sand hurst. Yesterday Detective Potter secured several of these coins, which he found planted iu an old house in lligh-street. Coi.laRINi: Jurymen. — It is amusing to observe the rapidity with which the habiluen of the Verandah make themselves scarce when a policeman makes his appearance on the se with the object of securing a jury for an in quest. Yesterday this was forcibly exemplified, but one unfortunate wight, who did not notice the policeman's presence, was pounced upon. With the object of revenging himself upon his neighbors, he got the policeman to stand <m one side, and brought one after another of his confreres into the clutches of the myrmidon of the law, chuckling inwardly at their rueful faces, but taking care to clear out of the way till the storm had blown over iu each case. Exhibition ok Swimming.— At three o'clock to-morrow afternoon the celebrated swimmer l'rofeasor Cavill, with his two children, .Miss Madeline, aged 0 years, and Master Charlie, aged S years, will give au exhibition of their powers in the reservoir in the Upper Heserv Professor Cavill is the Channel hero and cham- | pion long d.stancc swimmer 111 the world, and ho will exhibit his patent swimming costume, and give illustrations ot' scientific, useful and orna mental swimming, and lloating. Master Charlie will dive iu one costume and come to the surface iu another, fetch up twelve tin plates throw to the bottom of the water, write his name whilst under water, and perform the extraordi nary feat of turning thirty consecutive somer saults. In company with his sister he will < gage iu a handicap race, and will also rescue her from drowning (she simulating drowning) and this exhibition will show the safest mode of saving drowning persons. Miss Madeline will display her powers in swimming and lloating, ami go through a wonderful performance with the hoop. The programme iu all contains nine eveuts, the professor concluding it with his great bondage feat, that is, swimming the length of the lake with his hands and feet tied. Other swimmers aro wanted for the Aquatic Polo Match, and all are to appear in costume. The exhibition is to bo under the patronage of the Mayor, and as no charge cau be made for witnessing the feats, the reserve being dedi cated to public uses, a collection will be made on the ground for the benefit of the professor. Accident from a CnAFFCurTER.—A man named Louis Lelmebar, aged 62, was cutting some chaff yesterday at Lockwnod, when he by soma means got his arm under one of the knives belonging to the machine, llis forearm was cut near the elbow so seriously that it was neces sary to bring the sulVerer to the Bendigo Hos pital, where his injuries were attended to. Aocidest.—A mau mined William .Mid winter, residing at California Gully, met with a severe accident in a very simple way last evening. He was wslkiug along a street, when he fell down through a stone slipping from under his foot. His leg was broken by the fall, and he was subsequently admitted into the hospital. Suicide by Hanging.—Yesterday morning a man named Charles Christopher Christenson was found hanging by the neck in a room be occupied at Mr. Stmteinan'a coach factory, Williamson-street. From the evidence taken at ail inquest held by Mr. Strickland at tiie Masonic Hall yesterday afternoon, it appears that the deceased was OS years of age, and had been employed by Mr. Stoneman as a wheelwright. He suffered greatly from sciatica, and had not been able to do any work for four mouths, but still occupied a room at the rear of the coach factory. Mr. Stoneman last saw him alive at ten o'clock 011 Sunday moining, aud about 10.30 a.m. yes terday was called by a boy named I'arkiuson, 'who said he thought something was wrong with Christeusoii, as he (Parkinson) could not open the door. Mr. Stoneman forced opeu the door, and there found deceased hang ing by the neck by a picas of cord from a staple fastened to the top of the door. The body was cold and lifo oxtinct. He did not cut it down, but sent for tho police, and Constable Ivilfedder promptly attended and cut the body down. In answer to the coroner, Mr. Stoneman said be knew of no reason why de ceased should commit suicide except the intense p.'iia 1)0 suffered, which made him miserable. He received every attention, and wanted for nothing. Ho bad beau ia the hospital, and had received medical advico from Drs. Maogillivray and J. Boyd. Dr. Cruikshank, who had made au external examination of the body, stated that the cause of death was asphyxia from hanging, and the jury found that deceased committed suicide whilst in a state of temporary insanity. Illness of an Old Resident.—We are very carry to hear that ilr. A. Belliugham, of Cali fornia Gully, has for some weeks been seriousiy ill. His mediGal attendants, however, we are informed, do uot consider his complaint danger ous, and a decided improvement has taken place yyithin the past few days, Tim [fuNTi.Y Council.—Wo are informed that it is intended to adjourn the ordinary mectms of tin- Hulit!y Shire Council, appointed tnr Wed nesday next, to t'.n; following day. The ad journment has boon resolved upon owing to the secretary having to attend tho sitting of the Uonnty Court In Sandhurst on Wednesday, and in older to enable councillors to be present at tilt) b:u!(|iu!t, to be given to Councillor Cattlin,. at Klmoro, on tliat evening. The time for re ceiving tenders for works will be extended. Dk.nii.iquix Jockey Own Annual Racks. —Our local correspondent writes:—The annual meeting c:f the above club terminated, after two days' good sport, on Friday evening. The attendance was not so good as was expected, but the meeting, however, may well be con sidered a success; the grand stand was crowded ou both days. The races were well contested. The Deniliquin Cup was won by -Mr. I'. M. Calvert's 'I'om Cat, anil the l)eniii<[uin Jockey Club Handicap by Mr. I'\ Mack's Dictator. The only accident that occurred was in the Selling Hurdle Kace, the last race but" one ou the second day, when Mr. W. Heriot's Brewer fell at the jump. The jockey got a badly out head, and the horse has been destroyed since. Had this accident not happened, Brewer had the race in bis own time; as it ivas, Godfrey won easily. Thk M r.LuouuNK Juvenile Exhibition*.— Mr. 0. J. Richardson, the secretary for tlic Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, to bo opened in Melbourne about October in the present year, has carefully gone over the juvenile exhibits in the local exhibition. Several of the exhibits pleased him very much, and he lias communicated with some of the exhibitors, bringing the forthcoming exhibition under their notice, and requesting that their exhibits may be sent to Melbourne. Amongst others Mr. T, J. Mahafly, who exhibits a very nice collection of boots of his own manufacture in the juvenile department, has been asked to enter the same exhibit for the .Melbourne Juvenile Exhibition. Mr. Richardson passes a ingh compliment on Mr. Mahatl'y's work, and points out that at the projected exhibition, \vho»o interests he repre sents, at least dCSOO will be otTered in prizes. Challenge Rifle Matches.—Last evening the match committee of the Bendigo Rifle Corps met, when a communication was read from the St. Kilda Artillery, requesting the Bendigo Rifles to fire a match with them at Sandhurst on Easter Monday. It was agreed that the challenge should be accepted, with twelve men aside, the distances being 400, 500, and 600 yards, seven rounds and a sighter at each. A letter was also received from the Victorian Volunteer Engineers, wishing to fire a match at Sandhurst on Good Friday. The secretary (Sergeant J. Fly) was instructed to reply, stating that the corps would be willing to fire them on Easter Monday, on the same conditions, and at the same time as the St. Kilda Artillery. The following members were chosen to practice, and from whom the team to represent Bendigo will be selected on next Monday evening, viz., Messrs. Birtwistle, Brown, Dahl, Davidson, Doble, Dodgson, J. Fly, C. Fly, Hadden, Hall, Hope, KirkBy, Maybin, O'Brien, and Smith. Practice matches were arranged to take place at the Back Creek Butts on to-morrow (Wednes- day), Saturday, and Monday at 2.30 p.m. The Weather.—Yesterday the weather was again delightfully pleasant. The day was clear and cloudless, with a bright warm sun, tempered by a cool southerly breeze. The thermometer registered at Messrs. .Joseph and Co.'s, Fall Mall, as follows:—0a.m., OS"; noon, 72°; 3 p.m., 73°: G p.m., GG°; maximum, S.V; minimum,-IS0. The barometer at 0 a.m. registered 20-5-J.0: G p.m.. 29-400. Ml.Nl.N-ti Meeting This Day.— Pandora Com pany (extraordinary), Von der Heyde, 3. I1 aiiewell Sehmon.—On Sunday last the lie v. A. T. Glasson, pastor of the United Methodist Free Church, Calvin-street, preached his fare well sermon to a crowded congregation. The text was taken from the 2nd Corinthians, Kith chapter and 11 til verse. Mr. Glasson is leaving for Ballarat. Five Sandhurst ministers will leave this week ['or their new circuits—Revs. W. 11. Fitehett, A. Uglow, S. P. Webber! and D. S. Lowe. Lhe Police CoiiUT.—The business of the City Police Court was resumed yesterday in the Town Hall Chamber. The improvements in the interior of the Town Ilall are still being carried on, anil the noise created thereby was at some periods yesterday very annoying. There are still some very requisite improvements necessary in the Police Court Chamber, which will 110 doubt be completed as soon as possible. Licensing Bench.—Mr. Webster, P.M., pre sided over the Licensing Bench held in tile City Police Court yesterday. Transfers of licenses were granted from Paul Madden to Susan Kdwards, for the Butts' Hotel, Williamsou street; and from W. Bowaek to Paul Madden, for the Telegraph Hotel, Mitchell-street, The temporary license of K. Martin, fpr the Indus trial Exhibition Hotel, was extended for seven days. (*. A. Heine was granted a temporary license for the butchers' picnic at Epsom to morrow (Wednesday). 11 ViCToniAN (iazejteek.M—A new and ap parently a very complete and reliable edition of the I icloi'iiui GiJZe'fft't3)' lias been published by Mr. R F. Hailliere, of Melbourne, The Oazt'lh't ■/*, winch has been compiled by Mr. Robt, P. Whitworth, a gentleman who has had large experience in this class of work iu the various colonies, contains interesting informa tion relative to every place in the colony, large and small, together with a variety of useful statistics. Iu consequence of the rapidity with which settlement has progressed in the agricul tural districts recently, and the number of new townships which have been formed through this opening up of new country, a work such as that just published, was greatly re quired. It will be found very useful as a book of reference, and as the different places are arranged in alpha betical order, any given place can be found without any difficulty whatever. The book consists of upwards of f>00 pages, and contains also a new and revised map of Victoria, printed by permission of the Minister of Lands. Guauantee Policies.—We observe by notice in the Government Gazette that the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has approved of the acceptance of the guarantee policies of the Australia Felix Insurance Com pany, Limited, as security for the faithful dis charge of their duties by members of the public New Insolvents.—Hamlet Appleby, of Elmore' , late publican, now publican's assistant". Liabilities, £967 1s. 2d.; assets, £377; defi eiencv, £590 Is. 2d. Causes : Dulliess in busi ness and bad debts. Attorney, Mr. Kymer; assignee, .Mr. John Hasker; Meeting under sec 53, on Wednesday, the 9th April, 1S79, at 11. 30 a.m. Phillip Can', of Sandhurst, miner; liabilities, £3S 7s. Id.; assets, £1; deficiency, £37 7s. Id. Causes : Want of remunerative employment. Attorney, Mr. Kymer; assignee, Mr. John llasker. Meeting under section 53, on Wednesday, the 9th April 1S79, at 11.30 a.m. D'Ancv Read's Ghost.—The interest taken by the public in the clever entertainment'at the Masonic Hall seems to be as great now as it was on the opening night, and large crowds view the marvellous illusions presented with un abating curiosity and pleasure nightly. Last evening the spacious hall was again crowded with a highly appreciative audience, who from the hearty applause and frequent bur3ts of laughter elicited by tho many curions and ludicrous features of the entertainment enjoyed themselves immensely. The same programme as on Saturday night was presented, which in cludes tiie sketches "Beauty and the Beast" and " The Haunted House," which as usual were we!! received. The same programme will be submitted to-night, and those who have not yet witnessed its performance should not fail to avail themselves of the opportunity. St. James's Hall.—Last evening tho Variety Company, which has been performing at St. James's Hall, gave their linal performance. The occasion was a complimentary benefit given to Mdlle. Ciraeie, the female trapezist, and Hadj Haino, the wonderful tumbler. There was a good attendance, and as the bill provided was of a varied and interesting nature, the audience was well pleased with their entertainment. Several local amateurs kindly lent their assist ance, and materially aided in the success of the performance. St. Mark's Concert.—Through a mistake in the arrangements for holding the concert in aid of St. Mark's Churcl), Golden-square, it has been indefinitely postponed, but at an early datu an announcement will be made respecting the day of the performance. Statu of Her Majesty's Gaol.—The follow ing is the weekly state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Sandhurst, for the week ending 29th March 1S79:—Last return, G4 males; 19 females. Since receive:!, 11 males; 1 female; total, 75 males, 20 females. Since discharged, 17 males, G females. Total now in, 53 males; 1-t females. Classified as follows:—Trial, 1 male; 1 female. Remanded, 2 males; 0 females. Default of fines, etc., 7 males, 2 females. Default of sureties, 6 males, 1 female. Imprisonment, 13 males, 1 female. Hard labor, 29 males, 9 females. Experiments tor the Cure of Fluke.—On Saturday some members of the National Agricul tural Sooiety of Victoria proceeded to Aveuel, for tho purpose of inspecting the sheep pur chased and placed in the hands of Mr. Fletcher, to be operated on for the cure of fluke. There were 4S sheep provided, out of which four were chosen by the gentlemen present, being a fair average of the lot, and killed. Two were full mouthed merinoe3, one a two-tooth and one a four- tooth crossbred. All proved to be (lui:y, and from the liver of one 210 fluke were taken, Mr. Marson, V.S., operating at the dissecting table. Twenty-five sheep were then specially marked, and dressed with the curative ointment, the time occupied being only a few seconds each, thus leaving 19 sheep undressed, which ivill be allowed to run with those under treat ment. Five dressings, one week apart, will, it is expected, (says the Art/us) test the remedy, aud the sheep will then undergo an inspection by the same committee, on which occasion the whole of the sheep will be killed. Garklkss Kngine-drivinu.—Another acci dent From overwinding occurred yesterday, but fortunately it was not attended with very on* consequences. At the north shaft of the Xew Moon Company, Haglelmwk, formerly ^iioivu as the Robin Ilood Company a sbatt, the engine-driver yesterday allowed the cage to run up to the poppet heads, when tiie ropo broke owing to tho strain put upon it by tho cage coining into contact with the pulley wheels. The. cage thus liberated fell at a terrific rate of speed to the bottom of tho shaft. Fortunately, there were 110 men on tho cage or in the shaft at tho time, otherwise tho result must have been very lunch moro serious than it was, for it is impossible that any person could have survived the shook caused by the fall of the cage, and it is exceedingly im probable that any person ,»t tho bottom of tho shaft could have gained a position of safety before the cage came down. As it was the machinery was damaged to the extent of about 1M0. The accident occurred, it appears, through the engine-driver having left the handle, after tho engine was started, for tho purpose of iilling the oil can, and tho cage reached the poppet heads before ho eould regain his post. The directors of the company, wo understand, submitted a proposition to the driver that he should pay a third of tho amount of tho damage caused by the accident, but the latter declining to do this he was discharged. Mk. Helm.—It has been generally understood iu tho city lately that Mr. J. A. C. Helva, bar rister, had decided upon leaving Sandhurst at au early period, and taking up his residence in tho metropolis. Mr. Helm ranks amongst the oldest identities of this district, having resided I hi re now for about twenty-live years. Besides beinc one of tile oldest he is also oue of the best-respected of the local residents, and wo are therefore pleased to hear that he 13 not to be allowed to depart without something being done to mark the esteem in which ho ia held by his friends and ucquaintances in Sandhurst, A meeting of geutlemeu desirous of presenting Mr. Helm with a testimonial, prior to his departure, was held last evening at Lloyd's City Family Hotel. Mr. Graham Webster, P.M., occupied the chair. The meet ing was attended by a number of influential gentlemen, who were unanimously of opinion that some token oi respect should be paid to Mr. Helm, and with this object in view a com mittee was appointed to canvass for subscrip tions. Mr. Crabbo was appointed secretary to > tlie movement. Another 11 eeting will be held 011 Monday ovening next. ll.vninit SuBDii.N Death. —It was reported to Mr. Strickland yesterday by Constable Cant well. of Maroug, that Mrs Batcheler, who resides with her son- in-law, Mr. Twigge, farmer, Derby, had died suddenly 011 Sunday night without having been attended by any medical man. It appears that the deceased lady was 72 years of age, aud had been seen recently by Mr, J. E. Wall, of the White Hills. Dr. Penfold was sent for, but on his arrival the deceased had expired, and ho accordingly declined to givo a certificate for burial. The matter was rsported to tho policc, who ill turn reported it to tho coroner, and lie ordered a jury to be summoned for au inquest to be held this morning. This seema to have annoyed both Mr. Twigge and Mr. Wall, the latter especially, who stilted that au inquest was unnecessary, as lie would givo a ceriiticate of death. Mr. Strickland declined to take Mr. Wall's certiticato, as he said he was not a legally qualified medioal practitioner, and this very much annoyed that gentleman, who went to the Masonic llall yes terday afternoon, where Mr. Strickland was holding another inquest. He dared Mr. Strick land to hold an inquest, and told Mr. Twigge to go home and have the body interred. There are, as far as ia known, uo suspicions of foul play, but as no medical man bad attended tha deceased, it was deemed by the coroner to b« necessary an inquest should be held, and for that purpose Mr. Strickland leaves by the quarter-past eleven o'clock train this morning. The Late Prize Fight.—It will be seen by a telogram which we publish elsewhere, that Foley, Mace, aud Thompson, have been arrested 111 Sydney, on a warrant issued by the Denili quiu bench; the first named being charged with having committed a breach of the peace, and the two latter with having aided and abetted on the occasion. They have beeu brought up at the Svdney court, aud remanded to appear at Deuiliqnin on the 9th instant. Apuil Foot/s Day.—The gentlemen under the Verandah will, of course, not forget that this is the first day of April. Other people may advantageously' bear the fact iu mind. ScaiiciTY OF Water.— A gentleman just re turned from the Lake Boort district speaks feel ingly (says tho Star) with reference to the want of" water throughout that part of the country. He tells us that he and other selectors hav» been compelled for months past to send teams from 15 to IS miles for water, making up a total distance of 4G miles out and home, which usually occupied tho best part of 2-t hours to accom plish. A Startling Revelation.—The Ballarat Star lias the following:—It has been reserved for Mr. 11. Bull, M.L. A., to announce the start ling intelligence to the electors of Ballarat West that those, in his opinion, unutterably wicked people, the wealthy classes of this colony, who are generally supposed by loyal liberals to be the only opponents of Mr. Barry aud his followers, have scraped together tho nice little sum of £100,000 for the pur pose of buying the next general election. This information he afforded to the western branch of the Ballarat National Reform Loague, which was inaugurated on Saturday night at tho Western Hotel, Sturt- btreet; and we need not say that it has about as much foundation in faot as most of the other canards which emanate from the lively imaginations of some of the re presentatives of loyal-liberalism in Victoria. Lottery Complications. — The Ballarat Courier says :—There is evidently some trouble pending in connection with the prize ticket which won tho piano in the late City Free Library Art-union. It appears that the lucky ticket was what is termed a percentage one— one of which was included in each book, and given as a commission to tho person disposing of! twenty tickets. At tho meeting of the com mittee 011 Thursday, Mr. J. A. W. Miller, the secretary of tho library, sent in his claim to tho piano, as being the holder of the prize number; but it transpired that Mr. Archer, hairdresser, of Armstrong-street, who had first possession of the book, had disposed of twelve of the tickets; another member of committee having sold five, and Mr. Miller three—tho secretary taking pos session of the commission ticket. Mr. Miller appears to have been extremely reticent in the matter, aud the majority of tho committee last evening decided, after a long discussion, to retain the piano, and ignore Mr. Miller'n claim. There is no doubt, however, that more will be heard of the affair. A Squatter's Complaint.—Mr. Jolm Finlay has brought under the notice of the Government the circumstance that the selectors on Towauinnic Plains, of Thalia and Wycheproof runs, are using his water tanks, while they decline to bear any proportion of the coat of cleansing them. A Crown lands bailiff was on Thursday despatched from St. Arnaud to the localities in question, to endeavour to make soma arrangement with the selectors. —Argus. Rcitianly Practical Joking.—Some jokers are exercising themselves after a most mean and despicable fashion in Melbourne at the present time, according to the statements made by a lady correspondent of the Argus, She says some blackguards have lately annoyed respect able people by sending (apparently in a woman's writing) invitations for an evening party at the house of a lady and gentleman who are hos pitable, whilst another form -of blackguardism practiced ia the transmission of postal cards to gentlemen at their residences, in which ap pointments at street corners are made and meet ings sought with anonymous women. ■ The Victorian- Exhibition".—At the meeting of the Melbourne International Exhibition Commissioners to be held on Tuesday, some important' matters are to be considered, amongst which is a proposal that the Govern ment should be requested to formally invite the Prince of Wales to open the Exhibition in Oet.iber, 1830. It is currently rumored, and apparently (wiys the A;ie) on good authority, that the Princess of Wales has expressed a wish to visit Australia also, in company with the Prince, should his Royal Highness bo able to make so long a trip. As Impkoved Steam Engine.—We (Argus) have had an opportunity of inspecting a steam engine, constructed after several years of labor and thought by Mr. R. P. Park, of the Phoonix Brass Foundry, which presents such remarkable improvements upon the existing machine as to hold out the promise of beiug the engine of the future. As the patent is not yet taken out, its construction is necessarily a secret, but the fol lowing particulars will give an idea of the extra ordinary merits which are claimed for it:—The new engine has only one- sixth the pieces of the present type, and can be made for one-half the cost. The consumption of fuel is one-third less, and two-thirds less space is required. There is intermediate bearing, and it can bo worked up to any degree of expausion. Being direct acting, it is under the complete control of the engineer in charge, he having to attend to the smarting bar only. The engine can be reversed tri>m full ."peed ahead to full speed astern instantly, without any fear of brenkage. It can with safety be driven at least three times the speed of the ordinary engine. By a neat con trivance, connected to the starting bar, when the engine is suddenly stopped the engineer can relieve the boiler of any overcharge of steam without the necessity of openiug the furnace or smoke-box doors, thereby preventing the undue cooling of the heated plates. By means of sat bolts any leakage past the pistons can be stopped at once, and a broken shaft cau be raplaced without disconnecting the engine. Finally, by some internal movement, it gires an alarm to signify that it requires to be oiled. For electric light purposes, where speed is required without the danger of breakage, it is not to be equalled, 