BILLINGS'S WIT, WISDOM, AND GOOD 'RKZOLUSiiONS. That ;i won't smoke enny . more cigars,, only at someborly else's expense.' ! That i won't borry . or, lend-^irioro espeshily lend. That i will li v within my inkumv' ifr.li havo tow git trusted tow do it. ' f That i will be polite tow everybody! except musk cetera and bod bugs.' That i: won't advise ennvbodv- till t kno i the kind of advise they.-aro. anxious tew - follow. Tliat i ; won't wear enny more tite boots, if i have^tew go barefoot tew do it.' That' i -won't eat onny moro chicken-soup with a one-tined fork. That i: won't swop dogs with no man j unless i can swop too for ono ' That i won't object - to . enny man' -on aekount ,of his color, unless lie happens to be blue. ' I : : That i won't sware : enny, unless ,i. am put underOath. . . , ' 1 That i won't believoMnrtotal'-clepravity;; only in gin at 4 shillings a' gallon. .. . . T.h n t poverty : may bo a blessing,' buf if it iz, it i 7. a blcsing in disguise. That i will take. my ,. whisky, .-hereafter: straight — straight tew the gutter! That the world owes nio a living, pro vyded i earn it. That i will stick tew mi taylor as long: as he will tew me. That i won't swop enny. horses : with a deacon. .. : That no man shall beat me in politeness, not so long az politeness kon tin ues tew be »7 cheap az it now iz. - That I; won't have enny religious kreed myself, but will resp'ekt everybody else's. That if a lovely woman smacks me on one cheek, i will turn her the other also- ? , That if a man kails me a phool. i won't, ask hi in to prove it. That i will load a moral life, if i lose a good deal of phun by it. That if a man tells me a mule won't kik, 1 will always believe what he sezlvvijthbut tricing it. -' \- That if onnj' body loozes . even a goose i ?vill weep with-hnn, for it is a tough biz riess to looze a goose. That if ever i do get it hen that kan lay: 2 eggs a day,-'i shall insist upon her keeping ono of the eggs on -hand for a sinking phurid. \- That it iz no disgrace tow be bit by a dog, unless lie due it the second, time, i , - That it iz just as natural tew be born ritch as poor, but it is seldum so conveni-' ent. ? 'That one of the riskyest things tew straddle iz tho .back of a GO day note. . That the best time to icpent of a blunder is just before the blunder-iz made. \- That i will try hard to be honest, but it will be just my darn luck tew miss it. v _ : * That- i won't grow any- kats. - Spoil tap-: eons kats have killed the bizuess. / . ?? That i will lovo iny mother-in-law, -if it takes all the money i.kan earn.to dew it. That I beliovo real . good lies are gitting skarser and skarsor avcry day. That i will respekt pnblick opinion jest az long az i kan respekt 'myself ;in . doing : it. ' | That when i hear a: man . bragging on hiz ' ancestors 1 won't envy him but i will - pity tho ancestors. 1 That I won't believe in enny ghost or | ghostesses, unless-: they w weigh about 140 I |)0unds, and lean eat a good- square; meal, r That i won't bet on nothing ; for things i that require betting on lak. something.. ? i That i will brag on my wife all the, time, but i will do it silently, i ? Finally, i will search for things, that ?aro little, for things that are l.onsuni, avoiding i all torchlight prosesliuns,' bands -of brass inusick,: wimmin's rights convensliuns and. grass widders generally. ? ? ? ^ ! Death op a Patiii auoic. — -Canadian papers ?announce the death at Nowcastle, -'New Brtins-, wick, of James Moreton, one ?„ of the - lew immigrants who left tlio shores of,; Galloway, Scotland, in the summer of 1825 -Ho leaves behind six children, sevonty-thrco , grunclchib dren, sixty-eight groat grandchildren, and three great great grandchildren ; in all 150 children. The Gorman papers give the following account of an occurrence at Rappeladorf, in. thO iiErfuri district, which, though dated the 21st of February, is not uninteresting^ if truo Yesterday, at a quarter to 6 p,m., tho water of tho Todtnn L.dse suddenly rose with a voilont hnhhling, flooding iho Biirrounding land for nearly 500 motors, rnd as suddenly returning to its natural ; bod. Ono lliippelsdorf inhabitant Will liavo it that, he saw a -biibblins' piller of water rise 00 foot out of the In lie, and tlmt it burst asunder and spread on every side. Durin'j ? the rise of the wator sub- ; torranean noises wero hoard. All tli'i t is .?now to j bo soen is a deep, gapina ront in tho earth, frmii which from time to time vapour rises. The whole laud over which tho wator apread is covered with innumerable small shells and dead fishes.' 