C HAPPER II. TUB tide ol fortune had now tamed dead in oar favour. . Hole attar hole was bottomed with the sams cheering result, andi oar. chamois leather bag began to get balky. We had determined to keep tbs gold oaohed in the tent, and not take it into any ol the townships to sell, {or wo well knew that the news ol onr rion strike would soon spread, and we didn't know how (ar the run of gold might go, and at present we didn't wish for company. Merrick wo were well aware could be trusted implicitly; indeed, at Aho's suggestion, wo had offered the old man a fifth share in our claim, as we felt that to him we owed our good lack. But he refused. " He was making quite enough," ho said, " to keep him, as his]wants wera email." "No, thank yon, boya," said the old man on being pressed ; " yon aro young, and will want it. I can hava but a very abort while longer to live, and have neither kith nor kin to leave it to. Ki*p it all, my lads, keep it all. And may God bless your possession of it." And thus '.matters went on till about five days before Christmas woek. We were to 'have a grand division on Christmas Eve. The day being very doss, wa had knocked off work, and f had taken the ohaoce to walk across to the Creek to post my matea' letters, and to call at the sohool-houae. Olive had just dismissed horlittle soholurB, and was waiting for me on the threshold, with a g1ad,4welooming light in her bonnie brown eyoa. As we strolled across the paddooks, I told her of the proposed division, and of the probable amount of my share, and asked her quietly and earnestly to be my wifo on New Year's Day. Sho hesitated for a moment; then she turned her shy, sweet faoa to me, and tho answer I read there waa quite anfuoient. When I walked home that bright, moonlit night, I had left a little coral-set ring bobiod me, and carried back a bunch of fragrant flowers for oaoh of my matos, and a special posio for myself. After toa, I told t he boys of my happiness, and asked thom if they had any objection to having tho division that night, as I was anxious to get to town to make some pnr ohnses for my newhomo. They unanimously oonsented.- The Beales wore brought ont, and, amid much merri- ment, taoh one's share was carefully and methodically weighed out by Donald, handed over, and politely acknowledged wita, cere- monious gravity. After the pilo had been divided, there still remained a trifling quantity in tho bag, and, in an unluoliyl moment, Dave laughingly auggestod that we play a gamo of poker for it. None of ns ware very great gamblers, and tho oards had not bean brought oat 'or some time. We had been too busy daring the day and too tirod at night to care to play. I was rather surprised, too, when Aho said he knew tho game. . So many matches wera counted ont, and at it wo went. , Dava and . I soon loat our . supply, and, dropping ont of the , gamo,., sat - watching Donald-, and - Aho, who » wore ... playing ...with varying luck. . On and on they played for a long time, first..one getting down almost to his last oounter, then the other, till at last both men began to got Bomewhat . oxoitod. . The oolour rose in Donald's faoe, and his eyes, sparkled, and oven through Abc's sallow skin a tinge of dusky red appeared. A fooling of uneasiness carno over me ag I watohed both men grow mora and more cager, and doeperate gambling taloa and wild scenes on tho goldfields raBhed to my reoolleotion. I hinted that it was time for bed, but the players were too absorbed with thoir gamo to. liston to me, I I was sitting next to Donald, and as he took np his hand after a fresh deal of Abo's, I felt him givo a slight start, and thea beoome quite still. Looking over his cards, I saw he had a fall hand- three jaoks and two sevens. I breathed a sigh of relief, , for. I said to myself the game was well over. At it they went, Donald continually raising Aho, and the latter paying up till all the counters wore gone. Then came a pause, when, to my intense surprise and dread) Donald suddenly drew ont the bagoontainiug his shoro of the gold, and grasping a quantity of it, plaoed it on the table, exolaiming: "Will, weigh that. I raise Aho that rouoh." I tamed to Abo with a foroed smile', and to Dave, who was' Bitting nozt to him, and was still more horrified to find the former noivouBly clutching bia own bag,'and to hear Dive, who waa holding bia oarda, exolalm oxoitedly, " Yes, Will, weigh it. Wo raise him aa mach more*'' For an inelnnt.l hardly knew what to do. Rooovering myaelf a little, however, ! made ono laEt appeal to Donald and Abo, imploring them to reflect what thoy wore doing, and, for tho first time since we had been mates, re- ceived an angry reply. " Will you do aa you're asked, or shall I. have to do it myself?", oamo from Donald in a tone that showed tho excitement ho was ' labouring , under, and evidenced only too plainly tho hold the gambling demon had on him. " Qaiok, qniok," repeatedly cried Abo and Dave both, and, reoognislng the futility of arguing with men in thoir oontiition, I mechanically weighed out the precious metal wo had workod so hard for ; each grain of which now felt to my touch ag a bar of iron. . Again and again, did I have to repeat the weighings operation for the playerB, till at Inst oven the onne woighty bags weroempliod,: andi Aha and Dave-the 'latter showing, as. much" excitement aa if tho gold at slake wore his own- demandad 11 n sight." At this Donald gave a low laugh of triumph, and, elating'down his cards, oom monoed to draw i towards, him-tho dish con- taining the gold, ^ only to be atoppod by one ol Ahc'sj strong bands, who, with the other, . directed oar attention to his cards, whioh now lay iaoe upwards onlthe table. . . . There theyj wera-one, two, three, /our . decaes. All tho oolonr fled from Donald's face ns he looked at them, leaving him as white ss a ? - ghost, the pallor extending even to his lips. for a moment he sat as il tamed to Btone, - than with a wild cry he jumped across thé"^JÊ table,' s track Abo a violent blow cn,tho faos, - w snatched np a knife, and in another moment would have sheathed it in his, mate's heart, bnt for' Dave's arresting hand. Then his arm suddenly Beamed paralysed. For an instant lie held the knife in mid air, mechanically ' let it fall cn; the floor, and without another . sign, or a single word, walked oat of the tent, bareheaded and coat loss, into tbe dark forest; The wbole affair only oconpied a few moments, and when Dave and I recovered ourselves suffloieotly, we rnshed out after bim, leaving Ano, now the reaotion had Bet ia, miserable and despondent, Bitting st the card-etrswn table, with bis iaoe buried in his hands. The night, whiah had -been a very alose and murky one, had grown dark with heavy olouds, whioh completely obscured the moon, and the storm that had been brewing all day cave signs. ot ita near approaou by vivid flashes ot lightning, that lit op the sombre ' bush with a lurid glare, abd by the low growl- ing of the thunder. The cohoes sounding weirdly among the ravines of, old Gin-Gin j and his hilly brethren. : No traoe of Donald could we find, and ag I the rain had began to deeoend in large drops, , and heaven's artillery open out with great foros, we roluotanlly 'and with sorrowful . hearts gave.up the quest and returned to the tent. Wheo, vre tamed into oar banks wa] lett Abo still sitting motionless at tho table. All that night the storm raged fieroely, and the rain ooma down in perfect sheets, pens-., . trating evan our well-tbatohed roof. And all that Dight I lay awake, thinking of poor Donald, lying unprotected, mayhap, irom tho tempest, under some tree, and aosnsed my anxiety for my own happiness as being the primary oauae'of the quarrel. When the morning broke tbs rain waa still pouring down, and as we looked through the grey mist towards the river, we could see that itB ohannel was filled by an angry, roaring flood, that oven then waB.alnioot bank high. As we stood at the threshold, ¿Donald suddenly carno towards aa. Haggard, dripping wet, and barefooted, ho had evidently pasasd/tho night in the storm. ? ) He said ? nothing as he pasead as, bat walked quietly in and orouohed donn oloeo to the Aro. For a moment Ahefstood nndeoidod, and then, bracing himself np, he walked to " Donald's side, and, placing his hand on his shoulder, said, "Here, Donald; take your gold. I no keep it. Take it, old mate ; wo forget ourselves last night. Snake hands." The other man suddenly started to his feet, and, gazing wildly into tho offerer's faoe, exolaimcd, " Ourse yon I What do you menu f ¿rn I euell a our that I am to bs pitied and,offered ahnrity by you; a Gorged Chinaman, too. Keep tba gold. You and I are mates no longer," and ha eank^baok into " bia crouching position. Aha made no reply to tbs insult, bat took ap his old position at tho door, watching tho rapidly rising river, .whioh was now far over ito banks. Suddenly he made a Bharp exclamation, and on our turning to him for un explanation, ho poiotsd to oar shaft, which ¿we had entirely forgotten. "We muse bring ap tho windlass and tools, and the waahdirt stacked there, before ? th« flood reaches it," said Dave, and off wa started, Donald among tho number, the prospect of hard, dangorons work, having apparently Btirred him into lifo. Quick as wo were, however, tho water reaohed us before we got all tho things away ; and in a ssoond or two tho hole was filled, - sud our tubs and cradles oommenoed to float down stream. One of the tuba went Bailing past Donald, who was standing guziog moodily at tho rearing "volume of water ^rushing fieroely down, and ho leaned Blighlly over as if endeavouring to reach it," ' " I oried out to him that the ground ha waa standing on had been undermined by the water an d was unsafe,but even before the sonnd ? of my voice could reaoh him, a great strip of the bank slid bodily into tho river, carrying . Donald with it. With a loud yell I dlrootod tho others' at- '-. tention lo tho aooidont, and wo all three ? ? . rushed down the river bank. Once or twice we oaught a sight of the . drowning man's agonised despairing faoe, os . ' ha was boroo along by.the wild torrent, and .¡iv we still kept running, with some'faint-hopo, of a resans, till we reached tho large outtirig. ... Hore .there was a.slight mnolstrom, and os ...,.<? poor Donald floated by, he was oaught by the 1. edge of tho pool, and a temporary atoppaga ooonrred. In an instant,- and before we oonld make a movement to stay him, Aha, who' had rapidly divested. himself of most of bia olothoB, jumped into tho atream, with' a - few poworlul strokes oaught Donald by the :- - j hair, and Btrnok oat for the projecting point- ? Ive were standing on. . Nearer and nearer he came, painfully toil ing ;with his barden, till, ulmoat within oar - reach,, ho stopped as if to take breath-and - ? tuatnuluolty moment lost ns our two matee. - Just as.he struck ont agaio,'a hugs limb - of a tree came rapidly floating down. I 'shouted frantically to warn Aho ot tho ?????? danger, kat he. either did not hear mo or .' could-make no effort to save himself. One ? agonised moment, that seemed a year, and r, Abfand the man .he-had given his own lifo . to try to save were gone I ? Next'day, .the stormi having abated,, wo . wenf over to Dolly's Greek, and,.accompanied -.ri' - by some. of . tho .klnd- heartod.. folk there, . - soarohed far.down the river forjthe bodies of our two mates., .. Those we.fóúod, oloaped .tightly, together,, in ai fork cf a treo that ovorhung the river, 1 and,whioh had bean strong enough to resist - y the flood waters, ...'__ We oarried them baok, and burled thain, ?: "'-(^ stilljclasped in eaoh otnor's arma, on tho lido - of old. Gin-G¡n, at tho toot of a tall, towering, -in! ?'?... stately red-Rum tree, and Dave, . Olive and I ' wore the only monrnera. , The last time my wifo Olivo and I: visited' >"-.. the old place, now some yeara ago, the gravo > waa scarcely recognisable from the aoonmu- - latina of withered .leaves and springing ¡wild -'. planes.. .,, Dave and I had had a small alono plaoed at . the grave's ; head, and the inscription waa almost obliterated. ? Not tb ut wc needed anything to remind, ns - of onr old mateB--either Pagan or Chris- tian, i I don't pretend to oSer any opinion OB to tho tature ohancos of the two in tho great , " Clearisg-np Day." I only know that Dave and I-felt, and still feel, that if in the "Great - Gottin'-up Momia','.' wo and oars pan out as . . well as old Aho-Pagan.though he waa-we. tv. > Bhnll all find oureolvoB in good comfortable '. - ! quarters,.v. - ' ^- ." ? ?''---. ??- ? ":?.?,.<!?. BAD ns ho is| tho Devil may bo abuiod, ,^. " bo falsely oharged and oausolessly aoousodj !' , . when* mon unwilling to bo blamod : alono, . -. .' shift ¡off thoir crimes on him whioh wera ' j their OTTO. 