Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men."— Hudibras. DEATH and love are the two wings which bear us from earth to heaven. A Yankee editor, in a financial article, Bays, " Money is cloae, but not close enough to reach." Hanoinq is a capital punishment—especially when you're hanging on tome gcooMooking girl's arm. Captain Webb, the champion swimmer o Europe, intends to try and swim from England to Inland. An Illinois lady, joking about her sow, said, " I had nothing to do with shaping it It was a birthday present." A Texas chap shot five men and no attention was paid to it; but one day he Btole a mule, and in less than an hour the infuriated citieens hanged him. Says a sententious writer : " They are never alone that are accompanied with noble thoughts." Wonder if he is the party that went off acoom panied with our Shakspeare ? An old maid suggests that when men break their hearts it is all the same as when a lobster breaks one of its claws—another sprouts im« mediately and grows in its place. " I would box your ears," said a young lady of Bellefaste to her stupid and tiresome admirer, "if"—. "If what!" he anxiously asked. "If," she repeated, " I could get a box large enough fur the purpose." " Who," said Mr. Peter Mitchell,» member of the Canadian House of Commons, to Hit members who were trying to choke him off, "Who brayed there ?" "It was an echo," retorted * member, amid a yell of delight. Latblt a Yankee fell from the stairway of the third story of a house, and-lit on a conserva tory. " No; I wasn't much hurt myself," he said, in relating the occurrence, " but I guest I rather dented in that glass box." The hop growers of Nelson, N.Z., and others interested in the trade have petitioned the Government to place an extra protective duty on bops, of which £30,000 worth were grown in Nelson last year. The present duty is Bd. per lb. PiTENT'KEDiciNE dealers are using so many tricks now to have their advertisements read that a man never begins an item—not even a sermon—without first looking at the bottom to see if the words " For sale by all druggist* " are there. In England bioyclUm is as much a mania m pedestrianism has lately been. The clubs are numbered by hundreds, and the horsemen by tens of thousands ; while, as to the steeds, it is alleged that 60,000 bioyoles wen made and sold in England last year. Good cooking is better than poor poetry. It is a solemn fact that the girl who knows how to grease the frying pan is worth more about dinner time than the one who can fluently conjugate all the French verbs, and who can begin with om«ga and sing the Greek alphabet backward. At a ball at Paris the other day ladies w*re given a sort of check- book with counterfoils. On these checks were printed," Good for dance." These they gave signed to their intended partners, and then wrote the name of the partner on the counterfoil. By this means all] mistakes were avoided. A man noted for his calmness and a scolding wife was one night stopped in the woods by a Eretended ghost " I can't stop, my friend," said c. "If you are a man, I must request yon to get out of the way and let me pass. If yon are the devil, come along and take supper, for I married your sister."1 ' "Vat is your name?" enquired a German salesman of a customer. "My name is Co*," replied the gentleman. "Yell, how waa dot name spelled ?" asked the salesman. M Why, C-o-x," said the customer. "O I yah, I see," said our German friend, as he wrote down C*o— " But von'fc blease dell me how you spell dot X T" Scene—Mining village. Free Church minister (at miner's door): "Is-James at home, Mrs. Brown !" Mrs. B.: "No, sir ; he's awa' tae the toon the day." Minister :"I am sorry for that, because I wanted to tell him that he's been appointed a deacon." Mrs. B.: "A deacan, sir ! I'm rale glad to hear o't, for to tell ye the truth, sir, onything is better than a collier noonadays." As an illustration of the cosmopolitan cha racter of San Francisco, an English traveller lately visiting there writes :—" I had my boots blacked by an African, my chin shaved by a European, and my bed made by an Asiatic ; a Frenchman cooked my dinner, an Englishman showed me to my seat, an Irishman changed ray plate, a Chinaman washed my table napkiu, and a German handed me my bill." The Baroness Burdett Coutto, the Liverpool Mercury state?, v about to make «i tour in tho Mediterranean. The splendid steam yacht Wai. rus, which is over 200 ft. in length, with a beam of 40ft, has been chartered from the Messrs. Burn", of Glasgow. She was running for a short time between Glasgow and Belfast, and her speed then averaged eighteen miles an hour. She has been thoroughly repaired and decorated for the voyage. A banquet was given at the Grand Hotel, Paris, to Lesßeps by members of the old Darien Canal Company, in celebration of the signing of the transfer to him of the rights and concessions for a water way across the isthmus. General Tun presided. Speeches were made by General Turr, Leseepa, Nathan Apple'on, Isaac Periere, and others. Periere proposed Commander Self ridge's health, and announced, amid great cheering, that the next vecsel of the Campagnia Transatl intique wouM be lalfed Selfridge. A German clergyman, who was travelling, stopped at an inn much frequented by wags and j kers. The host, not beiug used to have a clengymaa at his table, looked at him witli surprise. The gutsto used all thfir artillery cf wh >ipou him witlnmt eliciting a remaik. The clergyman ate his dinner quietly, apimrently without observing the gibo» and sneers of hi* neighbor*. One of them at last, in de-pair of his forbearance, eaid to him, "Well, I wonder at your patience ! Have you not heard all that lta« been said to you ?' "Oh, yes; but I *m ustd to it. Do you know who I am V " No, sir." " Well, I will inform you. I am chaplain of a lunatic asylum. Such n marks have no effect upon me." 