TIPEATItB ItA N 'APAN.;. Mn. Josiah Condor,-professor of architecltuire to' the Imperial 'College" of Engineering, Tokio, Japan, has supplied the; follpwijig description of Japanese theatres to "the Builder:- I Few Japanese buihlings have a moreAfrati and temporary appearance than tlhe' theb atres, possessing no architectural prbotn sions, and devoid even of the picturesquely curved and over-sailing ro9fs which give no elegance of outlineuo to most of their other large buildings. Their general appearacice is that of a broad 'squat.looking building jof wooden construction, with a wide central roof, of flat pitch, a clerestory, and lower lean-to roofs at the sides. Theo li-go rdof has generally a low continuous lantern ra u ning along the top .to admit air anid light. The walls are constructed of a framing iof vertioal and horizontal timbers filldd` in with lathing, clay, and plaster, liavijig weatherboarding nailed upon the outsieo. The windows are oblong openings, with wooden bars placed either verticailly or horizontally, closed, in bad weather' only, by sliding shutters, having paperlights, which are placed towards the inside of 'the reveals. A gay appearance is given to the otherwise insignificant fa9ade by moanni lof large placards heavily framed, -whichl"dro hung in profusion and decorated. withlilarge representations of scones from the play 'in bright harmonious colours. Some' of tlidse posters extended from the giound, to' the eaves, and in addition there are often a number of bright flags on poles,.ixil in't to pathway. The theatres of a Japanaoe town are generally placed together in the si?jlo district, and' about them are several largeo tea-houses (hotels), whence it 'is usual to procure one's ticket and make all nrranoe monts for seats and refreshments. ,. I With the Japanese, as with the ihncioest Greeks, the performance of a play, is the matter of a whole day, the theatre opfening at about six in the morning and closing at dusk. This is broken by frequent and tedi ous intervals between the acts, when 'the audience adjourn to tlohe tea-houses, or take their meals in the theatre. The building;is entered from the end facing the, stage, through a sort of central hall containiiig 'racks for depositing umbrellas, clogs, hnd gendrally serving the purpose of a cloak room. On either side of this entranced,"re 'rooms, some of which are devoted' to the manager and his officers, and others to t$m actors. T'he actors have rooms at both ends of the theatre. There are also priva to entranceos in the front communicating. with ,some of these rooms. Between the entrance, with its adjoining ,rooms and the auditorium or main body of .the building, is a passage runniilg'frohi side to side, leading to the staircases and side passages. Direct admission is gained into the pit across the main passage by tvo doorways, between whioh is a'row nf'small compartments, closed in towards, the en trance, but opening on to the theatsr, look ing towards the stage. Thoso rdom . are 'some of thonem occupied by. dealerd in pro Sgramimes or provisions, and. others : by piolice, who attend to preserve. order.: The pit holds by far the greater part of the audi. noce, for the raised and supported seats at the sides and end, which correspond to European box-seats, are comparatively-few in number. The pit-seats consist of ia great number of low, box-like divisions lplaeod upon a floor sloping slightlyy .up. wards from the stage end. The incline is scarcely perceptible. The division. dare about four feeoot square, and are intended each for the scating of five people, squattihg upon the mat-covered floor. There are tiwo passages through theso seats from entrance to"stage, one on either aido, and thieso fire sometimes used in passing fromt' seat to seat; but accs.e is obtained to any. part Hof the'pit by walking along the low divisiohs between each compartment, the edges being .imale flat for the purplose. Somueiios, in addition to this simple mode of conmmunioca tion, there areo ome or two cross passages of a plank's width. These, as well as the principal side pasisagea being always at the level of the top of the seat disvisions, and copsequently on the same level as the stage ilnd of 'the shoulders of the audieneo seated in the pit. The main passages referred to are also used by the actors during the per fornauceo, who often approach the stage from the front of the theatre, where they have several dressing-rooms. Sometimes an actor will stop to speak or act in this 'assage in the midst of his audience, ad dressing his fellow- actors on the stage across the people. The passage on one's left hand as one faces the stage is called the s- main passage. It is wider than that on the opposite side, and moro used. There is also '-fr'corresponding underground passage be nneathit, and a trap-door to admit of sudden appearances and disappearances. This ,lowyer passage coimmunicatos with a wide space.below the stageo, where are appliances for 'llhoisting connected with several trap doors in the floor of the stage. A mn?gician or ghost can thitus disappetar quickly from the titago and alppear amidst the audincee ; or, What often happens, ia hero or victim Baiiin upon the stage will riso in a trans formed, ghostly apparition in the passage, illumined by a colored light. Some very pleasing scenic effects are ob ,taioed by the use of the upper ipassages. :bobtimies a gaily-dressed procession or an armed suite of attenllants aproach the stago in a long lineo, with all the slow coro ,i-odiiial liid etiquette which behlong to the customs of old Japan. At other flutes au :anxit:will be made imposingg by ia largo train of- followers ; a fiarowoll parting will lie lengthened out by lingeringe and looking back ; or, may be, some fivourite low oo edian will give full play to his comic sthmit' action, or grimace, as he makes his entirhtibo or his exit iacross the long pas tagre. This peculiarity has soorned wortll d1volliing upon, as by roason of it certain re prcnosetationl can be obtained which de cidedly inprovo the efiect of the play, and which are more or loss impossihloe in .European theatres, where approaches must be sudden, and a slow arrival or fitr-off action can be suggested only by dista.it sounds behind the stage from invisllo supornumneraries, or by oxaggerated oxpros 'Jlotis of expectation or nalarm on the part of the actord upon the stage. To assist thlis conventionality and to 'tcr-y out still flur thlor tbhoidea of the all:pervadihg lnatulro of the scone in a Japanese theatre,. strips of painted canvas containing thie stanUgo-ceinry are often hung to the' fronts of thoe upper esýjoi 1 nyll'lz rTaninnl all roun d the tAn eairs plo of this may )be giou by roionce,jtiit a portion: of a falourite play, in =twhichlisrepreseuted .the embarkation of 'a'prinie frodmhis'own castle town.? When th oi eiie opensi, a 'boat'lies in the foregrouid;h the :'floor of the stage being covered with painted canvas, representing a sandy beach in front and water toucliing the prow of the boat; Kindid xtending behind to the back of the stle..., The prince and his suite having entered tioe boait, it is moved by means of the turntables of the stagoe and at the same time the canvas representing the water is drawn forwna, the' sanily bench disappears, and thle whole stage represenits sea. Then, gradually, along the sides of the upper boxes strips,of canvas'painted as water are drawn by coiids until; at length on the further gallery-front facing-the stage is seen the representation of othe: distaiit shore and castle-town. This forms-ai fitting and expressivii'ccomiipaiiiment to .long farewell soliloquy from the ibboat,theopiluce addressing his native 'lihnie iwhichi he is leaving behind him.: Thus a vivid= reality is given to a change in the' seeine of action. The idea which it aeeihs to suggest to the audience is that they. haievein reality.itollowed their hero to his next abode, leaving with him the last scene behind ;a indlnot that he has loft them in the forsaken town to be transported mysteriously to the neoxt scoeo of actiom . The two or three outeritoat rodws of- pit compartments slope. coeidoribly iipwards on either side And ,at the back . Outsidle those seats are more spacious compartments running all round the theatre in i single row. These are the lo?er box-seats; and at their front are occaiodihl, wooden posts supporting the floor of the upper, tier above them. They are closed in, and entered by doors at the back. , Some height above tliis upper teir of boxes, and just beneath the long low clerestory windows, is a light aqd narrow gallery supported from the wall om brackets. This gallery appears to be used only for attending to the windows, being approached by a ladder staircase, and being too frail to support a number of people. At the back of the boxes on either side are the two outer passages for communication with theose box seats, and corresponding passages above for the upper seats. One of the lower passages has a central screen dividing it longitudin ally into two, the 'portion nearer tlio out side being used by those actors who wish to pass unnoticed from. end to end. of the theatre. The back portion of'the pit oppo site to the stage is .covered by an upper gallery, on a level with the upper boxes, which extends over the :hall and rooms' round the entrance. At the two extremi ties of this gallery are several small roomis for stores, and a soi't'of eontory with, a shrine, where it is usual foir the proprietors and actors to supplicate' success from some deity. lo,n;,) . The appeariance of thewlio ole inside of the theatre is extiemely plain, and devoid of finish or ornament. The large tie-beams of the roof, of heavy unsqnuared timber, are. generally visiblo below a rough boarded ceiling. In some cases the boarding is placed below the tie-beams, and is 'slightly ornamented with thin ribs.' The heavy timbers of the roof cotitrast greatly with the frail posts and filling- in which form thll walls of support. The fronts of tihe upper seats and the gallery front have 'sometimes a moulded hand rail, with 'moulded or carved supports, but in other 'respdcts the interior has few embellishments, except in the scenery and hangings of the stage. Con siderable room is taken up by the stage, which occupies nearly the whole of 'the. further end of the building. In addition, there are a few actors' dressing-rooms, bath rooms, and small staircases leading to the principal rooms above. These upper rooms are larger, and occupy a portion of the space which below is given to the stage for the purpose of moving the scenery :nd working the turntables. The principal actors have separate dressing-rooms, a hairdrosser, and quite a numuor of attend ants ; there is a larger room common to in ferior actors. These rooms at the back of the stage are in some cases arranged in three low storiec. The staircases ofapproach from one floor to another consist of two strings with treads, and no risers or hand rail, placed to a steep slope. The height of the stage opening is about 1(1 ft. from the stago-floor, which is about 18 inches below the eye of those seated in the front of the pit. The platform of the stage, which has no inclination, comes well forward beyond the curtain opening, forming a wide pas sage in front communicating with the pas sages through the pit. The stage is pro vidc(d with one or two concentric turntables coming out to the front, and by the revolu tion of these the scone is sometimes quickly changed. The front scone will hide the scene behind, which is propared in readi ness, and then the whole is moved round. The ropresentation of an interior scene upon the stago as we should makel it, namely, by converting the whole stage into a single room by meoans of side and back scones, is never attemlpted, and is scarcely nocesisary on account of the facility of repre senting exterior and interior together. A Japaneo se houe has low rooms, is often only. of one story, and 'is mostly thrown entirely. open il the front. Even ill cold weather it is quite common to see the wholo front of a house thrown quite open by removing or sliding bacl.,tho light paper slides (shoji?), of which nearly the whole front consists. In stormy weather either cane blinds are hung out side of the paI)or slides, or else the whole is closed in by wooden shutters called anto.ls (rain-shutoters) placed outtrside, heep ing out light anid air, a. small quantity of lighit heoing ad mittled from some smanll sido windows or by a smatll portion in fiont not being quite shut:,in. in palaces or the residelnces of men of rank, the roolmst ar grouIped togotlher and tie bllock strrouudod on all four sides. by-a wide boarded passago roached by ia flight of woodlen stops front the giroiltds. Th pa1sagco is sotmetitit?s double tlhi outer anld tnrrower poriol, ]saving a blUlnstrade corresponding to the handrail of the 'steps, and the inner por tions lmounded Iy posts filled in above with I?l?ter. andil sulI)porl ing the etyes oMf the roof t'le spTh ac etwer,?in thlese pstts aret often otliroly open, but lihy can be filled in with sh5/i?s and simedss. ., Thi internal posts of the passage fdreming. the: whills of tile rooms can also be filled in or left open according to the weather, so that on a ft lie *summer's day tile whole interior can be :thrown open, presenting a vista of matted rooms and groups of posts. It is such a view as this that is given to the audience in a theatre. The whole front or end of a house is represented on the stage from ground to ceiling line, by means of a light wooden construction somewvhait smaller in scale than an actual building. The front thrown open will present to view the interior rooms n which the acting takes place, prolonged sometimes into the sembl ance of a vista of rooms, by means of painted scenes at the bnack. The perspective of such painted scenes is mostly correct, erring rather in being too sudden. The turn- table upon which such constructions are placed enables them to be quickly moved to the back by half a revolution, revealing tihe next scene, which will have been meanwhile prepared behind it. On the front part of the stage, side scenes, shrubs, or lowers will be placed to form a foreground. The stage curtain, generally having some simple conventional device in colour upon it, is drawn forward by attendants at the close of the scene. At the left-hand side of the stage is a space for the orchestra, who play drums, flutes, and stringed instruments, and who partly explain the acting, and comment upon it, after theo manner of the Greek chorus. In addition to this orchestra there is a little gallery:on the right-hand side of the stage, some ten feet from tlihe ground, in which two musicians are seated, who accompany tihe performance. One of these men plays a stringed instrument fsamiieni, and the other accompanies the music at intervals with singing and intoned exclamations. They are sometimes visible to the audience, and sometimes screened by oneno blinds, through which they can see without being seen, for it is necessary for them to watch the movements of the actors upon the stage. An ordinary theatro has. no proper provision for artificial lighting, for the per formance generally takes place only during the daytime, when the place is lighted by side and end windows just below the caves. In case of a play being prolonged till after dark, a miserably inefficient light is ob tained by a row of candles placed in front of the stage ; besides which a candle fixed to a rod is carried about by an attendant and held in front of the particular actor who is Apealing, in order better to illumi nate him. Another peculiarity is the presence on the stage of sundry boys dressed in black, wvith loose black caps, indicating that they are to be supposed invisible. They crouch from behind the actors to remove fromn the stage anything that is to be dispensed with, or to place a low seat or support under an actor who has to take up a position for any length of. time. Most of the plays enacted are taken from Japanese history, and a visit to the theatre is now the best oppor tunity ?of reahsing the customs, habits, etiquette, and costumes of ancient times. It is said that the representations may be relied upon as correct. With the pro Tfeision of an actor, as with other profes sion8s in, this conhtry, the business has hitherto been I. ruditary, and instruction has been personally given or hainded down in manuscript. This accounts to ia great extent for the want of really good and ex haustive treatises upoll the dramatic and other arts, in which the people have shown at times remarklable skill. The dramatic art of Japan may be said to hold the same comparison with our modern European drama as medireval decorative painting does with the highly naturalistie picture of to day. The story is told forcibly; the action of body and of feature is what we should call exaggerated ; the impression of sorrow or despair is aided by weird, doleful music, ind by the sympathetic wailing of the chorus ; and sometimes acute feminine grief is pictured by a dance in which the hands are wrung, and the body writhes in painful action, accompanied by sobs and snatches of wild song. There are dances expressive of grace and beauty, of humour, or of grief; unnatural perhaps, but unumistakably highly effective in drawing the sympathy of the spectators and conventionally assisting the effect of the play. So forcible is the effect produced that a foreigner, unable to follow much that is said, will find himself worked into sad or pleasurable excitement fully in sympathy with the action of the play. 