A SINGULARI MAIRRI&GE; LONELY LITTLE NETTIE. A TALE OF . ,maoco, Love, an~ Mystery. CHAPTER XLI. MIARG.GARET GRYDE'S ,EVELATIONS. THE few brief days of uncertain March sunshine that had succeeded Felix Amory's funeral were over-- and a long equinoctial storm was raging wildly over Cedarcliffs, with sheets of driving rain, hwling winds, and skies of leaden gray. Most of the guests had. taken their departure, but the Blushington family still remained, by Mrs. Outweod's special invitation, until Nettle Leland's wedding. The old major had arrived to escort them home, but was easily persuaded to prolong his stay. "nSo ne little Nettle is to be \- vvnac n afe uelle and lJertha and Bee been about to let her get the start of them ?" "We are not in such a hurry to get married, Uncle Jeffrey," said Bell, spitefully. " TVe can wait I" said Bertha. "So I should think," said the major, ohuckliog. "And she's to marry young Kendall, eh? She's cut out Miss Outwood, with all her money and all her pretenees I" "Anybody could have done the same, that chose to practise such bold and unmaidenly manmuvring," said Bell, with a vicious purse-up of her lips. "Eh?" said the major. " I don't see why you girls haven't done it long ago, then." "But she hasn't gained so much," added Bertha. "Miss Kendall has formally disinherited her nephew." " Much he cares for that," said Major Blushington. " He's as happy as a lark, and she looks like a sun-beam. Well, well, It's a fine thing to be young, isn't Itt ?" And Major Jeffrey gave an asthmatlc sigh to the memory of his own departed youth. _ Ihe lights in the drawing-room were just lighted. Nettle and Gerard were standing together in the deep bay window, half concealed by the flow of lace and silken curtains, talking the sweet language that all true lovers know. Annie sat with folded hands and drooping head, apparently uncon scious that she was not alone with the ghost of her blighted affections, for ever and anon she murmured some soft sentence, or smiled a moonlight sort of smile to herself, idly floating along in the current of her own thoughts. Poor Annie i the reaction for which her friends fondly hoped had not come. Hereafter her life was destined to lie in the past, and the past alone. The rest of the family group were gathered round the fire, the squire half asleep, with his slippered feet on the fender, and his ahin on his breast, when Joseph, the footman, came softly into the room, and whispered a message in his master's ear. " lEh! XVhat? " cried the squlre, suddenly slttina erect. "On such a night as this 1 Why, the old crone must be Insane." "But, sir," respectfully persisted Joseph, "the messenger says she Is dying, and can't pass away in peace untlill she sees my mistress." Mrs. Outwood had caught a word or two of the colloquy; she ,looked up fro'n her book. "Who is dying ? " she asked eagerly. "Who is it that wants to see me, Joseph ?" "It,'s old Mother aryde, ma'am,'" said Joseph. "She says she can't part soul from body unless she can see her nusslingeas was, her little Miss L!zzie -that's you, ma'am. And they do say as she' going on awful, fit to nake one's hair stand on end." "I will go at once," said Mrs. Out wood. " Nonsense, my dear," said the equire. " Don't you hear the rain against the window' And the wind shakes the very house." '?Bat she is dying," pleaded Mrs. Oautwood. Oh ! George, don't stop mv, for Heaven's sake. She was.my old nurse, years and years ago; i: was her hand that taught my baby footsteps not to falter. Dear George, you will let me go " " S"'You must wrap yourself up well, then," said he. " And I will go, too, and Joseph shall'carry the lantern, for no one but a bird of the air or a serpent of the wilderness could find their way without on such a night as this." All that the Equire had said about the weather was more than verified, but Mrs. Outtwood never faltered, delicate and fragile though she was. "It is for old nurse Mlargaret," she kept repeating to herself, as she faced the storm and tempest, and at Idst they came in sight of the light that shone dimly out upon the mountain, and thankful enough she was, when the. opening door of the cabin revealed an interior which Rembrandt alone could have painted. A feeble candle flared to and fro In the draughts ahich swept through the ill-constructed building; a fire of logs bleazd and crackled on the hearth, and upon the narrow bed, at. the farthest and obscurest end of the room, old Margaret Gryde lay, quite motionless, her sunken eyes gleaming like red setting plaeest, her yellow face perfectly colourless. Mrs. Fry sat by the bedside, and two gentlemen, whom MIrs. Outwood at once recognised as Mr. Parley, a lawyer from Deerbrook, and the Rev. Ash Howard, from a neighbouring parish,i stood in front of the fire, exchanging occasional whispers. Both appeared relieved when the door opened to admit the new comers. Mrs. Uutwood looked from one to the other in surprise. " What dces this" mean ?" she asked, and old Margaret's hoarse voice asm~wred in hollow toues "You will soon know, Elizabeth Montiland," she said a'ddressing her old nursling by her first married name. " What time is it ?" "Ten o'clock," Mr. Howard an swered, looking at his watch. Old -Margaret sat up in bed with a sudden effort of dying strength that startled all the watchers. "It is well," she said. "Ihave a confession to make before the hour of midnight closes all my ecrthy accounts. Come Close to me, Mrs. Montiland; let me feel your hand. Silently Mrs, Outwood obeyed, her heart throbbing with a vague, un acknowledged dread as she did so. .."Where is your child ?" old "Margaret suddenly demanded. A deadly palTor crept over Mrs. Out " Why do you ask me that question, Margaret?" she said, gently. "You know as well as I do, that my poor little lamb lies asleep In Deerbrook churchyard-that the snows of sixteen winters have fallen on her tiny grave." "You are wrong, Elizabeth Monti land," said Margaret, pushing back the scow-white elf locks that had fallen over her wrinkled brow, and bending forward In her eagerness, "Now listen'lawyor, listen, reverend sir, for my breath is short, and my words musa be few. And listen, you, most of all, my baby Elizabeth, whom I held in these arms when you were but a few hours old. "The babe that lies under the grand marble temple in Dearbrook church. yard beside Francis Montiland's grave is the child of my daughter Hannah. Nay, never look so sternly at me-T was but the tool of another's vi!lany. Cyril Enstace, your own brother, Mrs. Montiland, first put the idea in my head. Ho told me I should be rich if I would but act as the instrument of his will. "He wanted the Moi.ti'and money to be in his own hands-he thought he could role your weak will to suit him self when Francis Montiland was dead, your new-born babe stolen away, and my Hannah's little dead child laid In its fine cradle. But he never contem plated the possibility of your second marriage," she added, with a ghastly smile, "and he lost the money, after all. " And all these years he has been a slave to the old witch Gryde's threats -he has paid money snd eaten humble pie, and promised fine things, lest old witch Gryde should tell of his plots and plans. But gold and promises can do me good no longer. 1 should have betrayed him lohg ago, could I have told you where she wss-Lthe little lost heiress. But I could not toll, unless I told the whole." Mrs. Outwood advanced a step or two, her colour fading, her lips white. "Margaret," she gasped, "where; where is my child? Tell me, is she living still? My little one, my baby girl! Is she alive ", "She id," Margarot answered, her voice sounding distinctly through the silence which awaited her reply. "Where is she? Margaret, as you hope for my forgiveness, tell me at onoe i" ", Sh-e dwells in the shadow of your roof, and they call her Nettle Leland I" "Nettle Leland !' echoed the squire who had pressed forward ia breethless eagerness to hear the strange tale. "Nettio Leland !" Mrs. Outwood repeated. "Merciful heavens! Noiv I hnow why It was that my heart went out so tenderly to the friendless child i" " Nettie Leland,' repeated Margaret. ' When Hannah died, we gave the child to old Granny Leland, she never knew that she was not Miles Leland's own grandchild. And give the devil his due, I say--Mr. Cyril did'nt know what I.did with the little child. Then was the time I should have spoken -but I was afraid. Cyril Eustaco would have murdered me, I beliese. "'And then, when the child dis appeared, my heart stung me,; and I dared not tell how foully wicked I had been. She came here one day--I know her then, but the spirit of revelation was. not upon me--and I held my [ eace. "She is your child, Elizabetlh Mfon tlland-your child, who was dead, and yet livoth. And," she went on, with failing breath, " I h?.ve yet more to tell before the messenger comes for me. Ask me no questions, but liten, and write it down, as God's own truth from a dying woman's lips. It was my son, George Gryde, who murdered Felix Amory. He is even now at the Soldier's Arms,' in Deerbrook village, disguised as an old fiddler. You will find him there if you go quickly. For," she added, in a strangely changed voice, "there is nothing hidden that shall not be made known at the lst." She sank back among her pillows, and as they strove to raise her head, Margaret Gryde breathed one or two short, quick gasps, and died. CHAPTER XLII. EOT QUITE Al. ELOPEaISNT. MRS. OUTwooD hastenes back to her home, eager to clasp her new-found daughter In her arms. Joy lent new strength to her feeble nerves and muscles; hope gave wlngs to her footsteps. The poor squire wa' worn out and bewildred-but his wife's brain was clear, her perceptions accu rate. " It is like a glad, beautiful dream, she cried, as she hastened along the narrow and precipitous path. " George i George, tell me that it is real. My little dead babe risen from the grave and given back once more to my arms i " "( If all this be true," said Mr. Out wood, slowly, " and I see no reason for disbelieving it, your brother Eustace has acted like a villain." "God forgive him,''" she murmured, " for I cannot! I don't care for the money, or the estates-I could cheer fully have given up those." "I couldn't then," interrupted the squire, under his breath. "But to banish my child all these years, from her mother's heart and home, to cast her alone and defenceles', upon the mercies of a cold and csuel world-for this I cannot forgive him, I shall never call him qrother again 1" " Good news flies fast," says the old proverb-and although Mr. and Mrs. Outwood had come directly from Mar garet Gryde's death-bed, the tidings of the old crone's mysterious revelations had preceded them at Cedarcliffs-pros bably through the servant who had attended thpm rto. r. ,. the first reci Lh:,a ol,,olar to relate..th ,,criutBe' nhews was Cyril Eustace. He was sitting in the library, smok ing, when he chanced to overhear Joseph in the hall communicating the strange tale to the housekeeper. " I thought so," he murmured, knit ting his brows together. ' I knew the 'denouement' could not be far off! Well-so runs the world away. It is tho fate of war." One minute he sat, gnawing his moustache and meditating; the next he rose, and went direetly to the little boudoir, elose to the conservatory, where Miss Beatrice B!ushington sat with her mother. " It's a hard pill to swallow," thought he, "but 1 oan't live without money and this girl is an heire s, or will be when the old lady shuffles off this mortal coil. I must put taste and in clination in my pocket for once." " Miss Beatrice, " he said aloud, "will you grant me half a minute's private conversation ?" Beatrice rose smiling and blushing, and followed Cyril Eustaoo into the conservatory. " What can you possibly have to say to me i" she simpered. "To tell you that I love you-to ask you to be mine," he said, hurriedly. " Oh, Mr. Eustace ?" "Dear Beatrice," he said, uttering the words with a slight, and almost im perceptible, grimace, " this may seem abrupt, but I am only the blind slave of destiny." "Dear, dear," said Bee, thinking within herself how delightfully romantic all this was. " I have yet more to ask of you, dear one," he went on. "I have to ask you to be mine at once, this very night, to elope with me now--" " Now," cried Bee, in surprise.' " Yes, now. I will have the carrlrge at the door in ten minutes; we will drive together to Mr, Howard's rectory and once united, sweetest love, we will defy all the machinations of a he artless world to separate our loyal hearts. For my sake, Beatrice, will you do this 7" Beatrice BlushIngton's heart throbbed high as she thought how envious her sisters would be of this delightful com pound of novels and romance, with a real lover, an actual elopement, and a veritable wedding ring mixed up in It. And she murmured, hysterlcslly? " How can I refuse you, Cyril?' He drew a long sigh of rehief. "Once married," he reflected, "she'll have to make the best of these old scan dals and death-bed trumperies. , I shall be her husband, not for batter, but for worse-and she is too coarse and com mon in her nature to care very much whether I am an angel or a demon." "I will hasten at onca for the car risge, Beatrice," said he, stooping, after rather a compulsory fashion, to press a kiss on her well-powdered brow. "Put on your bonnet and water-proof cla at once--you need stay for no furthe preparations, as I intend to bring you back at once to beseech your dear mother's blessing." (To e Omtirneed.) 