NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s event:-D'Arcy Read's Ghost at the Academy of Music; examination in drawing, Central school; 9.30 a.m.; meeting of Exhibition Committee, 8 p.m.; election of Woollen Company directors, Alfred Hall.. . ... /': //i'/'- 3 ' TheR.M.3. Siam, with the mails via Snez,' ia; ex: pected to.arrive in-Hobaoa’a Bay this'.evening. ~.. ; ■ ' ■ Wednesday .was/the moat trying day 61 the skirimeE season, ? The day opened- close and/opprelsivei'* the atmosphere, at sunrise being murky, without a ; breath of air stirring, and/giving promise-of a'sweltering day.; Towards noon the weather was blazing 1 ' hot, andfrom 2 o’cloek'.ug to' 4 the. sun’s/rays' l were so powerful as to- render exposure to the / fierce -glare somewhat dangerous.' The heat was /sickening,;, and in the afternoon at/.haif-past; 3 o’clock ! the/ thermo meter.at.the Burvey-offlce registered 100 - 2 deg. in the shade, the maximum heat in the shade feading at the survey-office 103:4, the barometer, standing at 28'464. At : 9 o'clock p.m. £ the thermometer, registered 95 .deg., and up to.midnight there was not the slightest -indi cation of a change in the weather.. .•/ ,/-/ ././I // i ; The half- yearly,/.meeting of the Woollen' Company was held on Tuesday night, at the Alfred-hall, when a series Of discussions took place on the state of the company’s' affairs, and reanlted ; :in the election of /directors being- postponed - till fp ; day, when a /ballot will be taken from 2 p.m.4p' 9.p;m,;'; J -' ' J -• //-/ His Excellency the Qbveradr has/ sent’word of his, intention to visit the. Lai? Lal.rronwprha ' on' .Tuesday, next,' arriving at Lai Lai- at l-.p.m. byVspecial./train from Melbourne/ •' 1 ? : r His Bxcellenoyith'e Governor; and Lady/Boweh are expected to visit the .Geelong/race meeting ,’on: Thura- c day.. . - ■" . .;. ■ ;/. ; .V. . jKth respect to thelate garden robberies at Wen 'douree, we"aro'sorryto ‘learn- that-■ a diaposition exists on the part.of some, parents, of badly brought up.lads to rather encourage' them in their thievish propen sities. Mr Mqrfew, whose garden robbery we reported on Tueaday, called.on iis. last night to say that some of the parents of the/lads engaged in the robbery, have threatened him in various ways forgiving infor mation to the Press. respecting the,'spoliation. , We can only'say that -Mr .Morfew; intends,"if he is aub jected to further annoyance, to publish in the hews-, gapers the names and "addresses of the parents of the boys who so disgraced themselves on the-night in question. ;; :? « y We regret''to announce; that ? Messrs;,J.-'M‘Powall and' Cos.; iron merchants, who recently purchased the insolvent estate of rDavey Bros. and Co-. -hava been compelled to call a'meeting of their creditors for Mon-, day next. Mr Hansen, an Adelaide capitalist, who has been a resident of Ballarat for some months past, died very suddenly at his residence, Melbourne road, on Tues- day. The deceased gentleman has lately been specu- lating to a considerable extent ,in Ballarat properties, and has besides advanced large amounts of money in this city. Some few days ago he received news of a somewhat distressing nature from his family in Adelaide, and this it was noticeable preyed upon bis mind. Added to this fact complications in partner- ship accounts in South Australia seem to have been a constant cause of worry to him. Mr Hansen was a gentleman of the old school, and has had varied expe- riences in colonial life both afloat and ashore. He had amassed considerable wealth, and proved himself a shrewd man of business to the last. While residing in Ballarat, deceased by a quiet unostentatious demeanor, and an ever present disposition to talk about the old times of nearly half a century ago, made many friends, who will learn with regret that he has been so suddenly.removed from us. How'the Gorig/Gong is worked. ; Soerie/-The well .kept premises of a member of the' Water Commission. City or Town not stated. Time—Five, o’clock, 1 broil ing afternoon. Commissioner discovered "with inch hose in. full play; grounds saturated, Man, 1 supposed tp be in ' employ of commission, approaches-/gate, re spectfully hails oommissioner—’* Qreat'wasfe of water -about here, sir; have found; saveri leaky.taps, and one person-hosing buggy.”, Commissioner—“ Too; bad, really too bad, this hot; dry weather;- must be -stopped.', Go found arid caution these wasteful people; they ought to know better.” Man "at gate4-,“Ye‘s, sir. . Garden - looks well;? sir.’.’; Commissioner, still firing away with,hose—“ You .won’t forget, Toinkins, to caution those people you. speak of. ' By tha way, just stand aside ? please, I want to give those trees /a drenching. (Aside, to an attendant)—Tura/ori full,-, there’s'rio pressure; somebody’s, wasting-water rip the street.” -Curtain.... j The Water Commission will meet on/Friday to con sider and make order -on -the following,} viz.: I.‘ Report of the finance committee./ 2. Report of works committee, -3. Report of engineer. 4. Report of collector. 5. Half-yearly, stateirient'/6f receipts and expenditure, with auditors’ report thereon; * .■ ;/■; A well-attended meeting of the' committee of the Ballarat regatta; took place on Tuesday evening. It was elicited that the • collectors had -met with great "*3oooBB*, and that public interest, was.being much ex cited inthe object; -It is-intended- to-advertise the programme of the .regatta in the course/of a few days, and it will be ! seen ori a perusal of-this-that the are to be unusually handsome. The sub committea appointed -to "draw rip the .programme decided that the’events should be- rowed under the rules of the Victorian Rowing Association. ..The com mittee now feel confident of the movement eventuat ing id-a grand success, and- that' the people of Ballarat have a grand day’s -enjoyment before -them on the lOth.of, next March. / ' •?---. " The committee of the Ballarat Licensed yioluallers’ Association, met, on Tuesday evening and passed various accounts- in connection with' the late ‘picnic to Sorrento. - All the ■ accounts are nofyet sent in,- But when everythipg'isjmet it is .expected that there .will be a very satisfactory‘ surplus in hand. The marriage of the president ofr the association, Mr Wm. Irwin, was mentioned by the" chairman, and-cham pagne haying been ordered toasts appropriate .to the auspicious' occasion were given arid fesporided to in, hearty style: Votes iqf-thariks-i to those engaged in the, picnic arrangements having been passed, the meeting adjourned. • ■ ' ; One of the best angling' jokes we have heard of for -some time . reaches- .usr/from a well-known lake-side vilkge not a hundred? miles from Ballarat! A’ party of Waltomana from thia city had borne the heat and d , a y afloat on the muddy,shallowsof the “as. I hey had triad-minnows, that swim and min nows thafe/spin; there was 1 the grasshopper, the sue cuient tadpole,'arid" misnamed crayfiah;lthere were also several casts of known and unknown flies; rods baskets;, tin cans, .bottles of .whisky, and landing-nets; ■everything, ;m fact, but. fish./and so the .day wore 6n. v/Vt, apglera.- would ? dine;, a comfortable water-aide qqstelry was .soon'/ reached; and mine-host washes is .hiS/WQpb,,, attentive./- A nice'.;.-'little' dinner l - -was soon served, the wined'" wfertf ‘ selected, 'arid the waiter removed thee overs. “ Pish, gentlemen?” he enquired as with just a perceptible twinkle of the I eye he withdrew the Britannia metal from off the dish facing the carver. Thera oa kina repoaed as perfect a picture of a °>k tickled the appetite of a gourmand. Anio!,! eV!r would have foregone the crayfish of anoW could such a dish have been set before i • Qteecs anglers gazed open-mouthed upon the fi 3 h n knew no rest, the cod was so well conditions a,ftt cooked, and so admirably served; surelv th 80 the second 0 , 116 ”' .hock entered the landlord. Then he of !!ai rose and saidi “ Lahdlord,' r thfsra is a dean j ' fathomable mystery connected with tbi. P s ?“ "»■ th-e'-lkme'a-inglera- 6f Ballarat.^ a whole day on your waters: we hit, !! fol daya 'and-'-nights to: the plying o£ n „ ofe i throughout this - district, but the trod vouchsafed .nought but empty creels and ‘bottles,;vWhat influence. Satanic or other been brought to bear.? in other words tell peril,thestory, .of that,’fish.” “Glad von iV®* gentlemen,” ‘ mine . host replied; “ plenty • , '*■ where that came from.. 'Any time you ir*'” 8 * out agaiic'just let ;me know the day before .r, 1 ? send you home with two or three ten-pound?™ 11 •and; save you the trouble of catching them the slightest trouble, I assure you; our h n ?‘ like the * fun.” = The ’ chairman turned I lowed,his wine,-called for the bill and the bum* 4 ' for once in his life was Heard to declare that aft* * there; was not quite so much in. scientific fiahinr, ? ' had ell along fondly imagined.‘ ***** j , A, complimentary 'ball, tendered to Mrs it and Nicholla by her pupils; took place in the astmlu room of the Alfred-hall on Friday evening wT?'' thirty couples being present. comml . about half-past 8. A break was made when tha gramme „was got half through, when Mrs Hwf? • was presented_by her pupils with a handsomfe2g : locket and phain, and her assistant, Mi> m 1 with a silver watch.and albert, also a book eS > Pictures.” Dancing was ! Burned, and kept up with spirit'till daybreak. - ; ." Thefirat ties for the president’s gold medal of (I Learmonth Bowling Club having been played off Monday, the second ties resulted in the foUori ’ members being drawn against each other via W 1 , S , tewart a §Bt Henry, Richmond M Cubbm, Baird agat Pool, Findlay a gst Bs' i Binnie bye. A challenge has been sent to the bo? larat Club for three or; four rinks to play an eoTi I : number of the Learmonth Club at an earlv dat. f the latter’s green, , . ■ 0 5 :,niO Q Monday, at the Buninyong Police Court ChiW i erucfc Moody; was brought up on remand’ onfti I charge of creating a disturbance at the Durham V ? Newman, J.P., remanded him again for three dinb ;i further enquiry. It is expected that he will uK £ mately be charged under the Vagrant Act. The; public meeting held at James’ hotel, J OTC ti„ i. Bungaree, on Saturday evening, convened for the m “ pose of considering the desirability or other* = of holding sports at the; Junction on St. Patrak', f Day, was well attended.' On Mr Coyle being voted h s the chair, he" explained; at some length the obiectd I' the meeting, andtatated that he had no doubt but it I' .wo.ald be a great success. After, the matter had fe, full? discussed,-and everyone present was enthnsjaiE; f* tqjhe results; a committee was formed, and £ p secretary was' 'instructed "to 'communicate’-mth lb r neighboring, clubs for their co- operation in the iff® <9 -It was agreed to hold the next ‘ meeting on Satnrdir £' the Bth : of February. A vote of thanks to the das P closed the meeting ' ;! : Monday’s meeting of the Benevolent Asylum C® knitted. was simply a routine one, the busineu oi- »- slating of the eleciaon of Messrs Oddie, Shoppte, J J « •Phillips, Carey, Showman, and the Bev. Cleary on the house committee. „ Donations of ffi P from, Mr J, Aitkins, and£l; Is from Mr A Manti f* were',‘thankfully :acknowledged, and the me*?- adjourned,;.;'. . ' ' • ‘‘ .-The .days, for holding courts of petty sessions hK‘ Buninyong have been altered to Tuesdays and I&N;> days. - The alteration will .commence this week, a;, £ seijuentlyf there will, be .no court to-morrow, number of cases are set down for Friday next. ,The , Buninyong Public Library is going to hs? thoroughly repaired and painted.’ The committaE; will meet on Friday to make, the necessary arnisfe"' menta. ■< p '■ "In■'consequence of-the prevalence of scarlet feral* and .diphtheria in the neighborhoods of CarnghamniK ;Cauico. Flat,; the Board of Advice of Riponsbite, es b riding, held a special meeting to consider the adritf| biliny of' closing the schools! in those places. IhP head teacher of the Carngham school reported ibib?. .the attendance was .very much reduced on account and fe? the fear of infection, : and it was agreed to close feyS school; ' There has been one death at -Carnghao, there are two or- three fresh.' cases, but the mediali&i;’ attendant reports that the ; new cases are mild, d l . i witt proper' precautions there is little-fear of lb b« .disease spreading, ■ 'With reference to the CanicoFi r school, it was decided to wait for a time to see and lb. fever spread. - 1 . • ■ We learn from the,! Herald -that;Mr M.L.A., presented a'largely-signed petition from tb|.‘ miners of Creawick to'-the Minister of Mines d| j Minister of Lands on Tuesday. The purport of lb; . ; petition jvas to induce the Minister of Lands to aiibf draw the notice of sale of a large tract of land ilsk iCrhswick, which the New Australasian Gold IteciS Company and the local bank had applied to baidisLv. .tiaed for sale. The miners ;urged that bythisoen! their private rights would be destroyed, land and power would' be placed in the hands of tbs, Austrsilasiaii • Company and the hank by putting sj,. land in auch large quantities, which the mmew«si£&: not be expected to purchase. After a long conal»|iv. tion between Mr :W. C. Smith and Mr LoDgm®ks. was decided to withdraw the notice of sale. The Commissioner of Public Works purposes iis|ss ing Bacchus. Marsh and the neighboring the 20th prox. .Mr.Patterson will be — the local;members, and perhaps by another of the Ministry. The object of the visit is [sapd Argus) to ascertain the necessity of several localß 3 , which have been persistently urged bn the ailed*-:,.; of the .Government. The principal of these is, a .c ; cient water-supply, and it has been locally aoggdb that the Government shall give as a free gift to* district,? reservoir on one or both of the Rivers ; rihee ’and Lefderderg: The Government bad asked to make a survey as to the most dEan-i -source of^supply,.but declined unless the expen=’ fl guaranteed by the’inhabitants. It is now prop# , on the" occasion of the Ministerial visit to innls »r - Patterson to,.a. banquet as a inode of softening i,.; . stem determination. ! . On Tuesday Mr Coroner Hopper held an inipd l the Camp hotel, Smythesdale, bn the body d*, late John M’Fie, when the jury found, accordiii‘. the medical evidence, that the deceased died on 27th inst.,'at "Smythesdale, :: ffom effusion of sew 3 ', the brain. ..! .. 1 The name of the miner who had his leg brobi' Carngham on Monday is Wm. Webster, notßu'* 1 £ " stated in Tuesday’s Star.' The fracture is a one, inasmuch as the small bones were fractured, c > bn Tuesday the patient was in-a. low condition- , ■ The returns from tha Victorian rail ways for tie'; ■, ending 23rd J;anuary are £23*512 3s 4d, M ,v" £24,979 11s Sd'.for.the corresponding week 0i*,^...... year. ‘ ■ rr .. , : James . Fowler, the defaulting manager d' London.; Chartered Bank at Talbot, who in j; . 1873, appropriated funds to the extent oi inade good his ’escape to New ■ South Wales, b« . arrested under ’ a., warrant of extradition, . l y days ago was forwarded overland to Victoria, . Ballarat in due-course*- Ha is now an inmate o* . , local gaol, and Will be'brought up at the City - to-day,'when probably a remand will ta*e p- Talbot,! where most of- the witnesses reside. . The sittings of the Wesleyan Conference wers-; tinned !on Monday. .The following - received into full connection with the chartb,i passed the usual probation:—The Revs. A. ”e r . • C. M’Dbugall, C. H. Standage; and the folio*® ; - 'continued bn trial:—Revs. J. M’Cann, J. A",; r W. Christie, John A; Osborne, D. S. Lowe, < laseman, . J.. J. Brown, W. Presley, L. J _ . Batten, W. Wykes, H. K. Hutchison, J. May, M. W. Thomson. *■'< ' Mr Maoßain, ,'M.L.A*, had an Interim*:'' ' Minister of Railways on Monday, on the' the arrangements’for opening the HorsM• , the 6th prox.Mr Woods would go_ no tv i,.; , ; promise ,to.charga the lowest excursion ' nection’with the"event, a pian that is to 38 in future in all similar cases. These sion fares will only bbma into operation o - ; bourne, and Hamilton to Horsham lines. - : „ i O ver 34,000 bags of grain have been - from Murtoa since the opening of toe 1 , 10,000 of which were forwarded last wees. ( r We learn from the Argus that tha t. •- . the body of Mrs Charlotte Collins took P General Cemetery on Monday inbwwfe eenpe of the detectives, the deceased s t 'and the assistant of Mr Apps, undertaker, j was identified by the relatives and the t assistant, and was then conveyed UD °P City Morgue., In the afternoon a F>- ; v nmination was held by Mr Girdlestone, - Williams, and Dr Allen. Mr Crooke w! ~ . ’ watch the proceedings in his oW B body, although it had been Luned f ; ' weeks, was easily recognisable by g rn-. U’fj ceased, who were also in attendance, a sufficient 'atate of preservation for » 8 ,'4' which: had- to-be made. /Mc GitJ! 6B t9 j lit'eam-working; apparatus-.,which v-" feoting spray amongst the operators. , occupied about two hours and a half, | baya been goaduoted ia a vety w® l ■— ' " ? n let tb ' c onßldßjona; Mi-mfc, sy have arnTe lT tha morgue; at 10 cw is onewhichdemande the jock, and « too wiU pro bably occupy :: mora Best t V extraord£nary futures an one day. ?“ cte r of thehouse keptby-Mrs this »&“ 18 the ch * through the records of “ns, « F » s^;3 that since W 1877. the 0 fiL egitimate children havebeen registered aths of five iliegi a to her real dence at No. 2 ° m h f S kept a small, private lying-in hospital aea street shei KP_ . _ the ]ait g ve years about, Hatt T r or otherwise, have taken. reat y b « th Vteblishments. -Mr Crooke attended ace •“ both at the house in Hanoverstreet and ofesnonallj- bpth fie a[aQ he ld.thepostmortem ieonejnJ am “ , ® gn ted the certificates as to the buninatione, an^ &K; r£que3 ted ,to - state that’the of death. n0 part in urging bn an enquiry ty coroner has exba^a tion and inqaest.are the ito this affair- T Jby the detectives,- ■' The JS had Mt concluded when ourreport closed, on !fl ' f'Luna Advertiser The Geeung ' £ , great i osa on, Monday,in .the fewtown, Buat f al th best greyhounds in the :■ colony— eath of one of thafc gad beaten some of.'the Tillage Belle, Shelah, .Sea Flower, isst dogs in tn i* Hopkins’ trophy, at the .amav nd President, anima ; wa3 to all appearance in eu r meeting. A b£ bemg attacked ;with ound health p about two or, three ; houra ■bnvulsions, w . Jeffefy.refusad £5O for . he doga* ?ow weefa since from a gentleman in New Sealand. g B(m hag ta k e n ap a selection on; A| enUe 5 ’ in Qippslahd, .and who has! just're-. he „ a visit there, informs, us. (Herald) that lUr ned from opene d country is overrun with MchVve destroyed all the grass, the w terpillai»>, f oo d has been left for cattle, and rf SeWn?Sdat; a price next to nothing; ;he ° g t tbe caterpillars are so thick assaaui -!«*»&****> ■, ■ a shocking accident occurred at'the Moe on Sun; , i tree having fallen upon a young gentleman Cd son of Dr Boyd, of ■ St. Kilda. He was honeyed to his father’s residence, and lies there almost in a hopeless condition. , ... . • > nnß 0 t the most peculiar'characteristics of- the pre sent summer is (says the Ararat. Advertiser) the abundance of manna which is now exuding from many of the native trees. ■■ A sample, was brought to -this on Friday last by Mr. Moorfoot, of .Carroll’s Sine Big Hill.and.he says that from nearly'all the ia that neighborhood a large quantity is bemg secreted and the children gather it as it drops to the wound* * At Opossum Gully a number of the trees: with manna, and with the sun-sparkling upon the foliage a new beauty is added to. the scenery. For many years past there has been a_ moat notice-: ; ab Ie absence of this natural sweetmeat m the bush in this locality. .; . A resident at Moyatoh writes to inform the Ararat- Advertiser that that usually sedate town was;, into a state of contusion one day last week’by a man, answering the description of Ned Kelly walking into the bar of one of the publichouses, where two or .three; people were having a drink. The man was armed | with a revolver, and after staying a few minutes; rode ' ofi in the direction of Mount William on a fine up -1 standing bay mare. : i The following extract from a letter which has just i been received by a teacher of a State eohool. in Mel- I bourne from one of the craft in New Zealand will be' -interesting, no doubt, to teachers throughout the' colony. The writer, dating from Dunedin, says "As some difficulty is experienced in filling up the many vacancies constantly occurring‘ in' country schools, the secretary of the board has kindly given me authority to state that any teacher from Victoria who holds a license to teach, or .who has completed his pupil teacher’s course, may have no‘hesitation in coming here. In Victoria, as you are aware, many of such have to wait some considerable time for appoint-’ meet and even then the remuneration is far from liberal Here, in the event of their corning over, they will begin with a salary of £l3O and free residence. Ia neatly every case 10 acres of land are attached to the schoolhouse. Then, again, should their energies be well directed, they have a good prospect. We do not want men of first-class attainments, but young” fellows about twenty-one or twenty-three, who have had some training as teachers. Do you know any such? If so, tell them to come at once, merely send-” iug notice of their intention to so. ’- In some: cases they may have to wait a week dr,so until prelim!-; mries are settled. In that event, they will, be kept at the Normal School, at £1 per week, until appointed. You cannot urge upon them too strongly the desira bility of coming immediately. Certificates of good moral character will be required.” ■ The Veritas, which ran ashore 'at Point Nepean, was towed off by the Resolute at about 12.30 a.m.on Wednesday, and was towed up the South Channel, waterlogged. The captain and crew (says the Argus): bad abandoned the vessel, but Pilot Rich,, who was in - charge, did not leave the deck. The New York Times gives some reminiscences of the magician Heller, so well known to all Australians, which shows that be was indeed a peculiar character, A correspondent of the Oincinatti -Engineer, writing’ from Washington, states.that Heller ; turned up in ’ that town in 1858, then being known’by his right, mme, Palmer, and he started as a teacher and pro- ’ feasor of music, Ms proficiency soon bringing him plenty of pupils. After a while he married a Mias Keickhoffer, the daughter of a wealthy German, who was an enthusiast in music, and then went on his travels. Two years afterwards his wife returned home broken-hearted, the wreck of her former self. In 1865 Heller returned to Washington and patched up a peace with his wife, and she left with him, but re turned home in a few months and died a few years' ago. The correspondent mentions that there are two children alive. Ever after the 1885 contretemps, Heller steered clear of Washington. The Engineer's corres pendent's story does not agree with the telegrams we have received about Heller’s will, in which he left an annuity to his wife and his companion, the noted Haidee Heller. But perhaps Heller.:.married again after the Washington wife’s death. The second eleven of the B.C.C. proceed to' Mel-, bourne by the first train to-morrow (Thursday) mbrn "JS to play two matches, one on Thursday on the South Melbourne C.C. ground against their second eleven, and on Friday on the Melbourne C.C. ground against the second eleven of the M.C.C. The following Players will represent the B.C.C.Messrs Anstis, lonway, Campbell, Bryant, Duffy, Lewie, Thompson,. ocatea, Mackay, Herbert, Field, and Ferguson. I Tbe various events in connection with the-great Ulholio demonstration, to he held on 6th February, at the Junction, Bungaree, will be found in our adver tising columns. , 0r P r i n t.ing the annual report are called for oy the Benevolent Asylum. ! ’-■ I k° rQe will have no occasion to com-. m- 11 , 0 , rat es by the two lines of coaches from Wrachelsea to that favorite resort, as both Cobb-arid rilt,™ Monntjoy Bros, notify in. our advertising 53 «A way mornins that tUe fare will in future.be Ghost was interviewed by a large iku V L ltors at tbe Academy of Music on Tues ttio - Ski; when the sudden and funny appearances of erpji^ Pantt ° ns 0n tneata g® were provocative of a great amount of laughter. The Ghost will be on wew again this evening. 