An Empress' Last Parisian Bonnet. I have just seen and held in my hand the last Parisian bonnet which really was "the fashion," a crown, for it was worn by an empress, who laid it down with her sceptre nearly ten years ago, and in those past years no recognised queen of fashion has risen in Paris. I know the story and existence of this bonnet long ago, but had never seen it, and perhaps never should, as it would probably not have been brought from its hiding-place to be shown to one of my sex, who are supposed not to understand the mysteries of ribbons, laces, and feathers, but I luckily hap- pened to drop in just as the exhibition was over to a group of ladies and the bunch of black was being returned to the band-box ; one moment more and I would have been too late, but that moment saved me, and I was permitted to hold and examine, as all had had their turn before I arrived. I balanced the little thing on my fingers, substituting my hand for the lovely head which once adorned it, and turned it round and round. It was not much—a very small black affair—just large enough to cover the back part of the head—a covering only becoming to a beautiful head when decoration was not neces- sary, but a matter of propriety. All the flowers had been taken out—the ladies had decided the bonnet had once possessed them—and nothing of color remained except the silk tag of the maker, sewed in the inside : "Mme. Virot, Paris." On the 4th of September, 1870, as is well known, the Imperatrice Eugenie left the Tuileries, only accompanied by Mme. Lebreton. They hailed a passing cab, and finally arrived at our com- patriot's, Dr. T. W. Evans, who lives near the Bois de Boulogne. The doctor, who had a party of gentlemen to dinner, was rather astonished when the servant announced two ladies wishing to see him ; and more so when he learned who the ladies were. They throw themselves upon the doctor's protection, which he readily pro- mised, and all the night was spent in making preparations for leaving Paris. Before the sun was up on September 5, the horses were har- nessed to the doctor's landau and the journey commonced towards the coast. Before leaving, the fugitive adopted the disguise of an English woman, and the little bonnet in which she had fled from the palace was replaced by a large straw hat and black veil. " Hide that somewhere," said the Empress, hand- ing Dr. Evans the little bonnet ; " hide it." The doctor opened the library, drew out some books, put the "last fashion" in a bunch behind them, crowded the books back in their place, and locked the library. The journey was made in safety to the coast, although it was long and tedious. Deauville was at last reached, and Madame Evans, who was stopping at the hotel, hid the fugitives in her rooms while the doctor found some conveyance across the Channel. The doctor and Mrs. Evans ate their dinner in their private parlor on that day, and the waiters were astonished at the doctor's enormous appetite, as they had seen no one enter, and did not know two more were dining in the inner room. An English gentleman placed his yacht at the Em- press' disposal, and not until the yacht was under sail the following morning did the ladies in the house discover that they had had so dis- tinguished a lodger. When England was reached a new bonnet was necessary, and who will wonder that the Parisian could not (although in great mental trouble) resist the temptation to re-arrange an English construction ? And, being for this time without a maid, the Empress Eugenie, who had made the fortune of Mme. Verot by wearing her hats, made over the first bonnet she wore in England with her own hands. Eight months afterward, the siege and Commune over, Mrs. Evans came back to her home in Paris. She opened the library, took out the books and pulled from behind them the little black bonnet she has shown here to- day—Paris Letter to San Fran- cisco Bulletin At a ball at Paris the other day ladies were given a sort of check-book with counterfoils. On these checks were printed, " Good for——dance." These they gave signed to their intended partners, and then wrote the name of the partner on the counterfoil. By this means all mistakes were avoided. A man noted for life calmness and a scolding wife was one night stopped in the woods by a pretended ghost. "I can't stop, my friend," said he. " If you are a man, I must request you to get out of the way and let me pass. If you are the devil, come along and take supper, for I married your sister," Trying to Puzzle the Angel Gabriel.—That eccentric and defunct nobleman the Baron de Palm, if from the realms of spirit land he can look down upon this planet, must feel in his spiritual mind a sense of relief now that his ashes are permanently disposed of at last. The late Baron belonged to the Theosophical Society of New York, which is affiliated with the Arya— Samaj, a Vedic religious society of India. The Baron died about two years ago and his body was cremated at Philadelphia. The few pounds of white ashes which remained were placed in an urn and kept in the care of the Theosophical Society until a few days ago, when the concluding rites were performed, partly in a house on shore, and partly in a boat down the bay, two Indian priests assisting in the ceremonies. Colonel Olcott, the Hierophant of the Order, standing in the bow of the boat and looking towards the east, cast into the water the few handfuls of ashes which were all that remained of the Baron de Palm, Knight of Malta, Prince of the Holy Roman Empire, &c.;, &c.;, saying at the same time, " Oh ! Mother Sea ! from whose depths all mankind were evolved, take into thy bosom these relics of poor humanity and guard them against profanation until the cycles are accom- plished and the Great Pralaya come." So ended one of the most peculiar burial ceremonies that ever took place. 