An indispensable Portion of the British Constitution. (From the World, July 30.) The Serjeant-at-Arms is chiefly " at home" in the House of Commons. It is doubtful whether strangers in the gallery, omitting notice of the important section below the gangway, can, even by straining their necks, catch a glimpse of the armchair set just outside the bar, in which through long nights Captain Gosset sits en- throned. But there are epochs in the business of the evening when they are privileged to behold, advancing up the floor, a portly gentleman whose broad shoulders and shapely limbs are well set off by the handsome Court dress which, from time immemorial, the Sergeant-at-arms has worn in the House of Commons. They see him march towards the table with sword in white scabbard at his side. As he advances he thrice pays obeisance to the Chair ; then, seizing the heavy mace with steady grip, he lifts it on to the brackets in front of the table, and bowing low retires, and in the recesses of his chair again disappears from the gaze of the stranger in the gallery. This is Captain Gosset, Serjeant-at-Arms, and an indispensable portion of the British Constitu- tion. Someone with a taste for statistics should reckon up how many hundred miles Captain Gosset has placed in performance of his duty to lift the mace in token that the House of Commons has gone into committee, or that the Speaker has resumed the chair. It was in 1836 that the present holder of the ancient and honorable office first entered the House of Commons. Forty- three years is a lifetime in the case of an individual, a long chapter in the history of a nation. When young QosBet first entered the House of Commons as Assistant Serjeant, under his father Sir William Gosse, then Sergeant-at-Arms, Parliament was located in a temporary building and a very good one too," Captain Gosset says-to which it had removed. after the destruction of the older mansion. William IV. was on the throne; and in February of this year, 1886, the new official, standing at the outskirts of a memorable throng, heard the King himself read his speech, the first in the ABSiBtant-Sergeant's experience, the last in the reign of William IV. Oddly enough, having regard to current events in the House, the speech dealt chiefly with the affairs of Ireland, which then, as now, though then more justly than now, claimed the right to engross the attention of the House of Commons O'connell was a great power in the land and in Parliament, and he stood by whilst the King promised to apply to the evils of the municipal corporations in Ireland a remedy founded on the same principles as those which have already passed for England and Scotland." Lord Melbourne was First Lord of the Treasury, Lord John Russell was Home Secretary, Lord Palmerston held the seals of the Foreign Office, and Mr. Spring Rice was Chancellor of the Exchequer. The Duke of Wellington marshalled the forces of the Opposition in the Lords, whilst Sir Robert Peel led them in the Commons. As for Mr. Gladstone, he had just followed his chief hits Opposition, having enjoyed for three brief months the honors and emoluments of an Under Secretaryship for the Colonies. Mr. Disraeli was at this date not privileged to enter the House except as a spectator. But his hands were full with his share of an acrimonious correspondence with Mr. Hume as to whether he had ever represented himself to that gentleman as " a Radical Reformer." Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright were names unknown out of local circles and Queen Victoria was still learning the lessons taught her by the side of her good mother, the Duchess of Kent, Looking back over this long vista of time, Captain Gosset frankly declares that he cannot call to mind any Parliamentary epoch that may compare with that through which the House of Commons is now wearily stumbling. He has beheld with his own eyes all the Parliamentary personages of nearly half a century, and from the calm security of his chair has witnessed all the turbulent scenes of Parliamentary life dating almost from the first reformed Parliament. He was present at the memor- able scene of the defection of Sir Robert Peel's friends, described with sublime pathos by an historian constitutionally impatient of ter- giversation. He has watched the fights that have raged about the bodies of the various Re- form Bills introduced since 1832. He has seen the Irish Church Bill passed, the Irish Land Act, the Ballot Act, and the Education Act and in the way of moving episodes, he has seen them all from the night when Fergus O'Connor stole behind the Speaker's chair and ate the right hon. gentleman's chop (thereby triumphantly settling the vexed question of his sanity or insanity), down to the more recent day when Mr. Plimsoll stood on one leg in the middle of the floor of the House and shook his fist at the Prime Minister. Musing on all these matters, Captain Gosset still declares the House of Commons has reached an epoch beyond compare for a general condition of disorder and for particular instances of individual refractoriness, The Sergeant-at-Arms has to think seriously of these things, because he cannot tell at what moment he may not be called upon to exercise his extreme duty. In ordinary times the Serjeant at-Arms of chiefly part of the ceremonial of the House of Commons. But his office has a substantial meaning, and he possesses real power, the existence of which is at rare intervals demonstrated. Holding his office direct from the Crown, he sits at the bar of the House as the representative of the executive force. The power he wields is not often enforced ; but when once put in action its might is irresistible. The last time Captain Gosset was called upon to act against; a member of the House was just twenty years ago. The offence committed was apparently a trivial one but it may be interesting to recall the circumstances, as probably disclosing to honorable members quite unsuspected depths of discipline. ' Colonel Fulke Greville, member for Longford (now Lord Greville had in the session of 1859 been appointed to sit upon a committee nominated to consider an election petition from Kingston-on-Hull. Colonel Greville, having more interesting business on hand in Ireland, | went thither, disregarding the summons to the committee. A message was despatched to him in Ireland commanding his attendance. This not having the desired effect, the Sergeant-at Arms was directed to proceed to Ireland to bring the hon. and gallant member over in custody. This mission Captain Gosset accomplished, lodg- ing Colonel Greville in the prison-rooms, whence he was discharged upon making a suitable apology to the House. The last time previous to the affairs Grissell that members of the outer public were taught the danger of offending the House of Commons happened six years later. A petition to the House in favor of one of our disen- dowed and disestablished Indian princes was in course of promotion. The signatures not coming in very rapidly, three of the agents accelerated the process by taking a mean advantage of the street directory. The fraud was discovered, the Sergeant-at- Arms instructed to take the offenders into custody, and the too-enterprising agents were, by order of the Speaker, sent to Newgate. When the Serjeant-at-Arms is out of his chair he is "at home" in a pleasant suite of rooms assigned to him near the Tower Gate within the Palace of Westminster. Adjoining his residence are the prison rooms, to which some two years ago public attention was fondly turned in the expectation that they might be temporarily assigned to the use of Mr. Biggar, and which last week were opened to admit Mr. Ward. The member for Cavan might be much worse housed than in these prison-rooms, had his obstinacy led him thitherward. The accommodation consists of two rooms on the ground floor and two above. The former comprise a dining-room, with an ante-room for the warder ; whilst above is the bedroom, with a small chamber attached, in which the warder sleeps. The idea of a prison is carried out by the iron bars which lace the windows. But for the rest, a man with an easy conscience might be very comfortable here in the untrammelled enjoyment on one side of a view of Westminster Palace Yard, and on the other of Westminster Bridge, with the flow of life that pulsates across it through all the chang- ing hours. In the pile of buildings of which these historical chambers form part, is the Sergeant-at-Arms' residence. But Captain Gosset is perhaps most truly " at home" in the little room leading out from the corridor that gives entrance to the lobby of the House. The place is not luxuriously furnished. There is a long table, a low couch, two or three chairs, and a good many tumblers. The walls are covered with collection of photographic portraits, which form a unique picture gallery. Here are the counterfeit presentments of hon. members, many of whom have answered to the roll-call in another place. There are not many now likenesses, probably because all available space has long been assigned. But there is a special interest in many of the portraits by reason of their connection with living men, who might well pass them by and marvel who on earth these might be meant for. Here, for example, is a young- mau-from-the-country sort of person aged about 20, with an immature moustache on an otherwise hairless face, which sets one wondering at what precise point stolidity merges in stupidity. Looking into the face one thinks he has seen a modified and marvellously improved development of it on the front bench where the Leader of the Opposi- tion sits and surely the tall amiable youth in the black stock and high coat-collar must have been Mr. Whitbread before his spirits were damped and his face set hard by the hopeless endeavor to keep the House of Commons in the narrow path of order. These faces and a hundred others-ghosts of members long dead, or of others who still live with wider girth much graver countenance look down every night in the session upon a merry throng of legislators who laugh and jest and smoke, and vanish tumultuously at the sound of the division bell. Like gathers to like, and to be free of " Gosse's room " is to carry the cachet of a good fellow. The Serjeant-at-Arms knows how to uphold with dignity his important office, and to maintain with firmness the necessary discipline that pertains to it. But this he does with a courtesy to the general public, and n geniality to his personal friends, which make the man as popular as the office is honorable. 