^hje $Iz%%zvl%zx. : i ? ! English Mail In our last issue we recorded the meeting of six Diocesan Confer ences. Last month's mail brought us an account of the meeting of five more — viz., those of Chester, Bath and Wells, Chic/iester, Exeter, and Truro, all of which were presided over by the Bishops of the respective dioceses. Among the subjects brought forward for discus sion we note the following : — The work and influence of the Church among the middle and loner middle classes (Chester)-— The rights of Parishioners in Parish Churches — Middle class Education — Legislation on Ceremonial (Bath and Wells), ? in the course of which Archdeacon Denison earnestly depre cated all Parliamentary interference — Religious teaching in day-schools — Sunday-schools — Temperance — Increase of the Minis try (Truro) — and Lay preaching in connection with Church minis trations in hamlets (Truro). We may take this list of subjects as a fair indication of the various directions in which the thoughts of Churchmen in England are at present turned, and a careful perusal of the debates, which are given at some length in the Guardian of October 30, is not without interest and value to Church men in the Colonies. The questions of Education, Temperance, Sunday-schools, and the Increase of the Ministry, need as much atten tion among ourselves as in England ; and it would, we believe, consider ably quicken our interest in them if opportunity were given for their discussion at a general Congress of the Churchmen of Australasia, or even at a more limited gathering of representative men from the dioceses of Victoria. Though not very lively reading, we confess we ; find the reports of these Conferences most instructive and encouraging. We are apt to regard the condition of the Church in England as a condition incomparably superior to our own. It is of course, in some respects, much superior ; but the same inadequacy of provision for the spiritual wants of the population, especially in large towns, which we have such reason to lament here, is largely prevalent there. For instance, we read of a parish on the Mersey with a population of 10,000 and Church accommoda tion for 450. No clergyman who is singlehanded can, it is generally admitted, minister effectively to a greater population than 2000, even when composed of a fair proportion of Roman Catholic and Protestant dissenters, yet in the Diocese of Chester alone there are 117 parishes with populations varying from 5000 to 23,000. If all : the clergy ministering in them were equally distributed, which they are not, the average to each parish would be no more than two. The 1CI±1CKXJ DUggc&tCU; ID UUO WXllV^U, 111. UUX JuugUiCUL, tiuuiu ug 1UUOJ ' suitable here — viz., effective clerical supervision, an enlarged ? diaconate, and small chapels-of-ease connected with the parish church. The Bishop of Chichester, in his opening address, gave utterance to some weighty words on ' our unhappy divisions,' which we earnestly commend to the consideration of our readers : — 'Another fruitful source of division is the fatal habit of making much of trifles, and making little of great essentials. ' The Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' There are great and solid stones in the Church of God, upon which its stability and its beauty depend. There are pretty ornaments and decorations which add nothing to its strength, and the presence and absence of which make no appreciable difference in the real excellence of its structure. If men will apply their whole minds to these viinutice — I am not speaking now of one school more than another— - which are many of them merely questions of taste or opinion, and which only a perverse ingenuity can twist into principles, while the great Christian work of building up a holy life upon a sound faith is made secondary to them ; if they will make a dress or a position walls of partition from those with whom the blood of Jesus Christ and the love of God the Father and the communion of the Holy Ghost should make them one, what can the result be but endless strife and divisions? I pass over other causes and pass on to the remedy. The remedy is for men of all parties and opinions to re arrange the order and proportion of their tenets ; to place the Catholic faith, as taueht in Scripture, and as defined in the Creeds, with accompanying heavenly morals, first in order, and in weight, and in importance ; to give a candid, loyal adherence to the Book of Common Prayer ; to place their own whims, opinions, and tastes last, and to put a very long interval between these two last classes. Then for every one to find and feel his or her own place in the Church, and to adorn that place with all the love, and zeal, and devotion, and energy, and good works of which they are capable.' The Conference movement, as we have noticed before, is manifestly making way in England. The Diocese of London has been awakened ; Gloucester and Bristol is showing signs of vitality ; and at Norwich, at a meeting called by the Bishop to consider the question, though the opposition waB led by no less influential a person than Bean Goulburn, yet 115 clergy and 140 laymen voted in favour of immediate action to 6 clergy and 15 laymen against it — in other words, there was a substantial majority of 255 to 21 in favour of a Conference. When every diocese has its own Diocesan Assembly— and the Bishop of Durham, of the prelates of important sees, seems likely to stand alone in his refusal to summon one — we may then look forward to a General Assembly of the Church in England. The proposal that there should be such an Assembly has already been made. Three Diocesan Conferences — of Wells, Carlisle, and Oxford — have addressed the Primate, and requested him to convoke representatives from all the Con ferences to confer with the Bishops on ecclesiastical matters, and to undertake something like authoritative discussion and legislation. We do not, of course, look for any immediate action. Difficulties block the way. The slumberous traditions of State-churchism are dead against it. The relations of such a mixed assembly to the constitutional Convocations of the Clergy will have to be fairly con sidered and duly dealt with. At present things are barely ripe for settlement. But ripen they must and will ; and, instead of being afraid of such a step in advance, we believe that the wisdom and safety of the Church lies in recognising its necessity and in further ing its accomplishment in due course. Lord Penzance has thought fit to hold his hand in the case of Rev. J. Edwards, of Prestbury, and has abstained from any endeavour to compel, by imprisonment, obedience to his lordship's 'monitions' against the ritualistic practices in which it has been proved that Mr. Edwards has indulged. His lordship has taken the opportunity to con trovert the arguments advanced by the Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench when he granted the prohibition against further pro ceedings in the case of the Rev. A. II. Maconoclde. The wrangle thus continued between two eminent judges, who charge one another with usurpation of jurisdiction and ignorance of legal precedents, is certainly far from edifying, and seems almost indecent. But Lord \ Penzance has been singularly unfortunate as an 'ecclesiastical' judge, and we cannot say that we feel any deep desire that the ; court of final appeal should confirm the authority of the court created by the Public Worship Regulation Act, over which he presides. The ' sooner the Act and the Court are swept together into ' the tomb of ' all the Capulets' the better, we believe, for the peace and progress of , the Church. We are glad to note the first beginnings of a new Missionary ' College. On October 31st, the buildings which have been secured for the purpose at Dorchester, Oxon., were formally dedicated to the j glory of God and the use of His Church. The college is chiefly , intended for candidates for missionary employment from middle-class . schools, for whom the training at St. Augustine's is either too expensive or otherwise unsuitable. It is also with great pleasure we announce that the Bishops of , England have resolved not to permit for the future the issue of \ licences for the re-marriage according to the rites of the Church of s divorced persons. It is quite time that the practice of the Church ( was brought into conformity with the declarations of the Marriage \ Service. c On Friday, November 1st, the Festival of All Saints', the new peal a of twelve bells lately hung in the north-western tower of St. Paul's j j Cathedral was solemnly dedicated to sacred uses. The ceremony took j place in the ringing chamber, and was necessarily of a semi-private f character, because the dimensions of the chamber effectually pre- c eluded the admission of any save those immediately concerned. - The Bishop of the Diocese officiated, and after certain psalms and a prayers appointed for the occasion by authority, the Bishop gave the word, and down came 'a shower of music, bright, soft, and y mellow.' The bells had spoken for the first time. Long may they r( continue to discharge, for the benefit of the citizens of London, the fj functions summed up in the old mediaeval distich — 0 laudo Deiun verum, plebem voco, congrego clerum, -- Defunctos ploro, pestem fugo (!), festa decoro. ^ The Curates1 Augmentation Fund is an excellent organisation so far ei as regards the object it has in view — viz., the supplementing the d stipends of curates who have- seen at least fifteen years' service with re an annual grant of £50. But its management must have been n grievously defective to have made it possible for the assistant-secre- ti tary to embezzle the moneys of the fund, year by year, till the aggre- gj gate of his frauds reached £7000. He has been sentenced to seven \\\\\ years' penal servitude, and an effort is being made to recoup the a] fund by private subscriptions for the losses it has sustained through the crime and negligence of its officials. We sincerely hope the _j cause of the curates may not suffer from the laches of its friends. oi The Rev. W. Robinson, a Congregational minister at Euncorn, in o Cheshire, has abandoned his nonconformity and applied to be Q admitted to Holy Orders. In his farewell sermon he stated that a( some twenty Nonconformist ministers receive Anglican Orders k, yearly, and that many more would do so if the Bishops would accept fa their services. ? pi The readers of the Guardian will learn with great regret the death h- of the Rev, Herbert Kyilaston- D.I), .for nearly forty years High H Master of St. Paul's School and a Prebendary of the Cathedral, is His admirable Latin verses on Scripture subjects have long been a w source of considerable enjoyment to many ; though, for ourselves, we le must confess that we did not always find them easy to translate, ti- The well-known initials ' H. K. (D.D.)' will now, alas 1 appear no more in the last column of the familiar ' Supplement. ' A sweet singer of Israel has gone to his rest. It may be long before his vacant place is worthily filled. We have more than once alluded to the schismatical body in Eng land which took its rise out of the sect of the ' Cumminsites ' in America. It is now, we believe, a house divided against itself. The followers of 'Bishop' Gregg are arrayed against the fol lowers of ' Bishop ' Sugdon ; other ' splits ' will doubtless follow. Nothing daunted, however, by internal divisions, the sect under ' Bishop' Gregg, which calls itself the Reformed Episcopal Church, has published its canons and journals in a bulky volume, and the Book of Common Prayer for use in its con gregations. The Record gives a somewhat minute description of the characteristic features of the theology taught in its official docu ments, and of the changes made in its prayer-book. The theological views of the body may be compendiously expressed in the manifesto which it puts forth. It 'adheres to Episcopacy, but not to Prelacy ; rejects Apostolical Succession ; accepts the Book of Common Prayer, excluding from it all sacer dotal doctrines and practices ; rejects the notion that ministers are priests, except as all believers are a ' Eoyal Priesthood ;' rejects the opinion that the Lord's Table is an altar on which the Body and Blood of Christ are represented anew to the Father, and that the presence of Christ in the Lord's Supper is a presence in the elements of bread and wine ; and, finally, rejects the idea that regeneration is inseparably connected with baptism.' In the Prayer-book the Table of Lessons provides only for Sundays and certain Holy-days, such as the Circumcision, Epiphany, first day of Lent, Good Friday, Easter week, and the Ascension. There is no Calendar of Lessons for daily use, no recognition of Saints' days, and the Apocrypha is not to be read in church. As appears from a rubric, it is left to the discretion of ministers to hold daily or week day services, and to select lessons on these occasions. The term Minister is declared to comprehend Bishop, Priest, and Deacon ; the term Priest being rigorously expunged. Neither alb, vestment, nor cope is to be used. The Bishop is to wear a rochet, inferior ministers surplices and hoods, and the black gown may be worn in the pulpit. Then follow Morning, and Evening Prayer with the Litany, much as in the Church Book. The Absolution is described as the ' Declara tion of God's mercy to those who truly repent and believe His Holy Gospel. ' The Athanasian Creed is retained, omitting the Damnatory clauses, and is to be used. Some additional prayers and thanks givings are inserted. The Collects, Epistles, and Gospels, omitting those for Saints' days, will be found in the usual place. In no part of the Communion Service is the minister to officiate with his back to the congregation. No crosses, candles, or flowers are to be placed on, or apparently on, the Holy Table. There are some but not many alterations in the Communion Service. A note on bhe Nicene Creed defines the ' One Catholic and Apostolic Church' as ' the blessed company of all faithful people,' and the ' one Baptism' as ' the Baptism of the Holy Ghost.' The long addresses to intend ing communicants are omitted, and an invitation to fellow- Christians 3f other branches of Christ's Church is inserted. No rubrics for the Consecration of the elements are provided. While the words, ' The Body of our Lord,' &c;, are addressed to the communicants collec :ively, to each is said, ' Take and eat this bread,' &c.; And so vith the wine. There .must be three or four communicants with the ninister. The Baptismal Service begins with the Gospel. The ? Darents, when practicable, ought to be sponsors. The renunciations ire omitted, as is also the sanctification of the water, and all expres lions relative to regeneration are expunged. The Catechism and the Drder for Confirmation are little altered. The Order for Matrimony las been sadly mauled. The Office for the Visitation of the Sick is imitted, as is also the Commination Service. The Psalter is retained ,s with us. The Forms of Prayer to be used at Sea find no place, ii the Ordination of Priests and Bishops, the formula ' Eeceive the loly Ghost' is omitted. Eoom is found in the Thirty-nine Articles or one defining regeneration and another condemning private onfession, by omitting those on ' Excommunicate persons' and ? Homilies.' Lord Ebury and the revisionists ought to find in this . prayer-book after their own hearts. We wish them joy of it. The Committees who are busily engaged on a new translation of lie Holy Scriptures enliven, it seems, the somewhat monotonous outine of their learned labours by mild jokes of a decidedly clerical avour. The word translated ' penny' in the Gospels, having been bjected to as giving an untrue idea of the value of the Eoman denarius,' the word 'denary' was proposed as a substitute. But lis a certain witty dean strongly opposed on the ground^ of the rroneous notion which might thereby arise that the ecclesisastical ignity which he so ably fills was easy of attainment, and a fitting sward for unskilled manual labour during a few hours of one day. ; was further proposed to change the word ' publican' in the new ?anslation into 'taxgatherer.' But this was also objected to on the round that the collectors of H. M. revenue might reasonably dis be being associated with ' sinners,' and were sufficiently unpopular ready. Canada. — At a special Session of the Synod of Montreal, held at ?ennoxville on October 18th last, the Very Rev. W. B. Bond, Dean : Montreal, was on the first ballot, by decisive majorities of both lergy and Laity, appointed as successor in the See to Bislwp ]ccenden, who recently resigned. The Bishop-elect is a warm, iherent of the Evangelical school. By birth he is a Cornishman, it was ordained in Canada by Bishop Mountain in 1S40. He is ivourably known for his ' unblemished moral character, personal ^ety, vigorous energy, and administrative capacity,' and will, it is sped, prove himself an impartial and sympathetic chief Pastor, e is somewhat advanced in life, having been born in 1816 ; but still the fortunate possessor of sufficient physical strength for the ork committed to him. He is an honorary M.A. of Bishop's Col ge, Lennoxville, and LL.D. of M'Gill College, Montreal. His eleo on awaits, of course, the confirmation of the House of Bishops,' .United States.— The Church in. America is making rapid strides, and now numbers sixty Bishops. / Testimonies to its. progress are offered on all sides. We select, brie ':— r'(A Presbyterian minister, travelling in Massachusetts, has been' trying to account for the increasing number of 'Episcopal' churches which he everywhere noticed, not only. in the cities, but also in. the towns and villages. He writes that the 'explanation of, this increase is not difficult.' The leading manufacturers had come to New England from New York and other places, where they had been educated under 'Episcopal' influences, and feeling the lack of these influences they soon erected churches. ' The respectability usually ascribed to the Episcopal Church has had the effect of drawing to these enter prises considerable numbers who had ,no religious convictions, but looked upon the attendance at religious services as something that, ought not to be omitted. To these are added a good many Congregationalists, who, wearied of the isms and sensational preachers which abound in that denomination, have been glad to take refuge in a church where something, is stable, and where at least the Scriptures are read and Scriptural; prayer offered.' , ' Germany.— We noticed some time since the relaxation of. the law as to the celibacy of the clergy in the Old Catholic Church of Germany. We now find room for a regulation lately issued by the Bishop concerning the marriage of ecclesiastics.. The restrictions imposed are eminently wholesome, though to some, perhaps, they wilt' scarcely prove palatable. Married curates too poor to support a. family ought to be unknown in. Germany. The Bishop orders as follows :— ' . ? '1. An ecclesiastic proposing to marry must advertise the Bishop thereof, giving the name, position, age, and other circumstances of the person he desires to marry, and in case he is not in possession of a. benefice, he must give information respecting his means of support ing a family. ,????.-'. ' 2. The intention to marry must be announced to the Church Board, which shall either, give, their consent in writing, or com municate to the Bishop in writing their objections to the marriage. ' 3. The candidate for matrimony (sic) may not call his own banns. As he cannot decide in his own case, I.will.givea dispensation in any special instance that requires it. ' 4. It is needless to add that an ecclesiastic may only live in the . married state when his marriage has been religiously, sanctioned. The religious service may only be performed by an ecclesiastic specially authorised thereto by me. '5. Every infringement of these regulations comes under the statute. for the exercise of discipline upon the clergy.' . . 