The Betfgionfl Card-Player. from tbeAcadema ofJtomc Owner. A private soldier by the name of Bkhard Le-- was. taken before the magistrates of Crlasgow. for playing o-ds during divine aervioe. The account of ft is thus jnven in an English j rttrnal :-^m A asTgeanteommanaed the soldiers at ehurob, and while there the parson had read the prayer* and took the text. Those who had a Bible took|t out, but this soldier had neither Biole nor common prayer book, but, pulling ♦rttpaa uraaqaajiisafswai laws) fcifuu h'raL He first looked^ ?oe4ardiat4VHn at anoU*K The serjeeantofikeeoaapaay sawUini and ssid, ' Biebard, p^ up tb«oarda, this is ao place for tbSm.'* VKersr miiid (bai,* aaid Bichard. * When Ae servicss were over the oohs'aMa took Biehard a prisoner and brought l.im be fore the Mayor. *Well,' aaio* tbe Mayor, ' what hare you brought the soldier here for ?' For : playing cards in the church.1 * Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself?* 'Much, eir, I hope.' 'Very good | if not, I will punish you severely.* M * I have been,1 said the soldier, - about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and bepe to satisfy your Worship of tbe purity -of my intentions.*- Then spread. ing uteceras oerorecne mayor, ne oegan wito the ace. ' ? When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the' deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. ''When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son, and Hob/ Ghost- When I see the four h reminds me of the four evangelists that preached— Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.. . ' ?'When I are the five it reminds me of th-- fire wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but fire were wise and fire were foolish, and shut out. ' * Wh)m4 see the six it reminds me that in six dan the Lord made heaven and earth. *' When I see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day Crsd rested from the great work which he made and hallowed H. ?? ?When 1 see the eight it reminds me of the right righteous persons who were aared when God destroyed the world— ris^ Noah and bis wife, his three idea and their what. ?«?« When I see the nine it reminds of tbe nine lepers that wen cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine oat of t» who never retained th-nk». '* When I see the fen it reminds me of the tan oommandmonts which God handed down to Moses on the table of atone. - « * When I see the king, it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, whieh is our God '?When I aee the Queen it. reminds -ine of the Queen of Sheba, who risked Solomon, for she. was .«iss,a woaanas he wasa man. She oapujghjt fifty 'twy« and fiftr girls, all dressed tn . boy*s appmtelj for Song Solomon to tell which were ' ooyr -and: which were girls. The lung, asnt* for. .water for them to wash. Tbegtrls w»ahel to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists; aj-~King Solomon 'told by that. ««Well,' said the Mayor, « you hare des' cribed every card in «be pack except one.* '?What is that?1 ?- Tbe knave; aaid the Mayor. 'Iwittgire your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry/ 'I will not,' said the Mayor, ^youdonottermmetobetheknare.' 'The greatest knave I know is the constable who brought me here.'. I do not know,* said the Maror'ifheisthegnatestknare.butlknow heuthegraatectfool.' * ''When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-fire, as many oaya as there an in a year. WhenI eouat the number of cards in a pack 1 find fifty-two-^-the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture-earos ia a pack, representmg the snunber of months in a year, and on counting Un tricks I find thirteen— the pomber of weeks in a, quarter. So yon see a pack of cards serre for a 'Bible, almanac, and commm prayer 3«ok.n'm - SCKIffSB* COUBTZ. 