EAST MAITLAND BAND. (Tb the Editor qf the Maitland Mercury.) Sin,-As there is a matter which has some i considerable claim to public attention in this*? town, going on in what might be termed a semi-dormant state, I beg, with your kind permission, to bring it under public notioe through the medium of your valuable journal -I allude to the band. This is of some importance to the residents of this lively " city of the East," or should be in some respects ; for instance, wo have twice con- tributed our mite for the purpose of keeping it in the town, and the inhabitants are fast sinking into a Rip Tan Winkle state of lethargy, BO we shall be lost for all amuse- ment if our townspeople and bandsmen do not take some steps at once to form the band on some satisfactory and permanent basis. No doubt it is in the memory of most E. Maitlanders that this institution was organised as a volunteer band, some six or seven years ago, by the people and volunteers of E. Maitland, and instruments purchased to the value of some eighty pounds-more than three-fourths of which amount was sub- scribed by townspeople, non- volunteers. Well, some few months ago, a new force having been inaugurated, and the old volun- teers virtually disbanded, our E. Maitland corps, in " settling up," did not present the instruments for use as a town band (as did their more liberal "companions in land orders" in West Maitland), but sold them again, the people and members of the band supplying the "brass" for the music once more. And now, we hoar nought of the band ; but t I would not infer for one moment that the bandsmen are blameable, as they haye con-' tinued to practice under very adverse circum- stances up to the present time, and on fre- quent occasions some of the members have invited several gentlemen residing in the town to co-operate and become members of a committee to draw up a code of rules, and establish the band to the satisfaction of the public. Erom what I can hear, concerning the state of affairs, the reason something definite has not been arranged it seems to be a " one waiting for the other" affair. The townspeople I am well convinced would assist willingly, if it were started ; and several bandsmen have informed me that they are anxious to be established in a manner which would be more satisfactory both to the public and themselves. Taking all things into consideration, I would humbly suggest a good course to pursue would be, for some of the citizens and bandsmen to arrange for a meeting of towns- people interested (and I am sure all ore) and appoint a good working mixed commictee, of a certain number of bandsmen, and a suitable number of townsmen, to act as a general E. Maitland town band committee ; then both > the public and their band could carry on ar- rangements in harmony both in pecuniary and musical affairs. Trusting, sir, that this will initiate proceed- ings in the right direction, and that we may not lose our band through want of a little energy, I am, yours most truly, I . TOWNSMAN.. E. Maitland, 12th Juno, 1879. do Oie Sdilor of tie Maitland Mercury.) SIE,-The excitement lately prevailing for reprieving the condemned youths, Metcalf and Wilkinson, is a subject calling for grave consideration. And, in suing for mercy, we should also contemplate the heinous nature of the offence committed. Here we find two young men acting in concert, premeditating and carrying into effect a most diabolical crime-an offence calling for vengeance at the hands of every father, every brother of the unhappy victim. I fully concur in the recent comments of the Lieutenant-Governor, Sir Alfred Stephen, but I certainly should go a step further, and follow out the old Mosaical oode of laws, and should never rest happy till the perpetrator of my child's disgrace had atoned to me with his life for her dishonour. Can any man who is a father, if he is not depraved by brute pas- sions, look upon such a crime but with horror. And what father can be sure now, even in our very centres of population, " that his daughter may not be the next victim of some ruthless ruffian." Who amongt us can read and not deplore the every day comments of our best-edited newspapers on the growing tendency of larrikinism, that infest our street corners, and pervades, as it were, our social arena. We hear grave men talk of cutting their daughters' throats. Pray what for ? Why, being compelled by a dastardly libertine, or resist tft the peril of their lives. > Such talk from serious men as cutting the throat of an unhappy, degraded daughter, and from educated and moral men ; aye sir, Sf you will, even from ministers of the new light, who we would expect to shed a light and a luminosity around our social atmosphere that would, at least, lighten the hearts of the gentiles, sounds passing strange to sinners. But as my production is a lucubrate one, and as it is now verging on the mystic hour whence Hamlet sallied forth to meet the ghost, I'll to bed, and wrapt in the arms of Somnus, or perchance Morpheus, dream that the very centres of educated communities are being slowly, but surely, pervaded by a depraved callousness of morality that will ere long con- vulse the very foundation of moral ethics. Trusting Mr. Editor you 'mil afford me spaco,-I am, sir, yours obediently, PICKWICK, Morpeth. THE ENGLISH WINB DUTIES.-Pipers by tbe Acoucngaa say that the select committee of the House of Commons, appointed on the motion of Mr. Cartwright, to inquira into the wineä duties met on April 22. The only witnpss examined waB Mr. Ci Hutit, surveyor-general of the Customs, who de- fended the present system of levying duty, 6tating th.it wine containing under 26dee. of spirits wus considered to be at its natural strength, and any strength beyond that wus supposed to be introduced by added spirit. The arrangement, he considered, had worked sntistnctorily both to the revenue and the trade. If the duties were levied by intermediate de groo, the Government officials would be in constant dispute with the trade es to the stronglh of the wines, nnd merchants would be in tho pi'»fU»nitinnt of nev« knowing, until the wine they was testad, what duty it was liable to. that he was aware tlut there were exceptions to tha rule of the natural strength of wiue contaiaiug under 26dcg. of spirit but the bulk of wines nil over the world accorded to that rule, imported , j He added«^ 