MORE GHOST STORIES UNVEILED. On the above subject, a correspondent sends us the following A few. years ago I removed into a new and larger house, with a young family. Some nights after my removal 1 was awakened iri the middle of the night by a distinct knocking twice or thrice repeated at my bedroom door. I called out : ' Who's there ?' ; There was no reply; but. after an interval of- a few minutes the knocking was agairi repeated as distinctly as before. ' Again the same question: 'Who's there ?' and again no reply ; but again came the knocking; if possible more distinct and louder than before; arid just as if a person outside in the lobby had struck sharply with his knuckles oil the door." I sprang rapidly from bed ori its being repeated, arid rushed to the bedroom door and opened it, determined to catch the knocker. But there was no one outside ; arid no one could have escaped down the staircase, which was what is called a well-staircase, brilliantly lighted with a Hood' of moonlight, which streamed through the skyliglit ' window.- I am -not -arid" never was spirit-stricken or supersti- 'tious';!:but;-l will- confess my sensations now ' became trying ; my heart began to throb; and I retiirned'tO- my bed:with ears -painfully awake. ' Agairiv' came5 'the -knocking, 'clear and - distirict 'aridi methodical as v before. Although feeling very . uneasy, -T crept -silently out of Red arid stretched myself on the floor with my head on the boards and a few feet from the bedroom door, to find out if possible from what part of the door the knocking proceeded. Again it came as before, and I could distinctly refer it to the lowest part or panel of the door. I suddenly opened the door ; but with tire same result as before ; and again I lay in my former position. _ Again came the knocking, three or four distinct taps ; and - now fixing my eyes steadily on the spot from which the tapping- proceeded, I saw the knuckle bone of a leg of a jlamb,. about the size of a very small, walnut, jerked_ repeatedly against tho skirting that lay alongside the door. The. skirting was -thinner than the sounding-board of a piano ; arid it was the sudden tapping of the little bone agaiupt 'the sounding-board that produced- tho repeated knocking. But how was the'tapping prodrioSS? By a mouse that had found' its way_ along the .hollow-space behind the wainscot; very nearly ;on; a level with the floor, had found its little bone loft after the children's dinner, and had dragged it to the entrance of its hole, but'could- -not get it through. It had dragged through jthe tough bit of siuow which- is' attached to the jend of. the bone— popularly kriovyn in 'mutton asT tne gentleman's bone — and -was trying by jerk- jing : it backwards to bring the bono - itself through ; and each jerk gave a blow against the? ithin soundiug-board, and -each 'blow -gave out- jthe sound-' or mysterious- knock.; - -Had 'L not discovered this, no reasoning could; Rave' con-.1' jvinced nie that I had \ nol ' heard- 'knocks ; at "riay- jbedroom door ; arid -I shoidd in all-' -probability have- attributed themto 'wliat- is termed super-:- jnatural- agency. 1 , ''k i i , 5 \ 'My next: experience - was if possible mores jpuzzling. :Tn tho neighbourhood; of' Dublin;- on; jthetocky.sea-coast bffDalkej,itherelare severah , jcastles supposed-: to -have: 'been -'erecte'd 'by .the? |Danesifor<the protectiqn:of>.tlieirftraderar-i'..Th'ey' |are;still:in fair preservatiori;! anddhave dwelling- houses -oL? modern' construction - built" against' them; : One 'ofHthese 1 old castles 'stands - on the1- very, verge'ofthe sea, o ver-' what' - was oncea- Jrockyiinlet,ubutiis now a harbour called?Brillockt jHarbour,'.'alorig the i oppositoiside mf \whioh':is a- jrow oMshehriari's cottages, principally inhabited' I by- men who earn their- livelihood' as pilots ' 'The? ; dwelling- house attached to this -old castle: I with: jmy family: occupied- in the , summer, "ufor' health's', jsakeiarid to enjoy 'boating, of which I- was 'fond.? ;I observed some timeafter baking- up my residence' In it, -that no:matter-.'.at:_what.;time-rI; retired to ' bed— and I generally sat up one or two hours ! after the other, members .of, my. family had re- tired — the servauts fromi .the kitchen story selected the same moment iof .their .'departure.-' , ; .This unceasing . regularity became at last : aurioying, and I insisted on kno vying tlie carise.; ; The information given .to me". was tliat "the, old oastle and house vvere haunted, arid that for no inducement would the servants, leriiain after I ; had ascended from the parlour.; I, had now reasons for thinking there was somo ground for . tho fears. The pantry particularly, arid tho rest of the house with it, were walked over by. -footsteps at night. These were plaiuly heard ; and there was added an additional aggravation ; ' for not - content with this, the ' supernatural 1 visitor began to do mischief, and generally iri. tho gray of the morning made free witk eatables and pots of jam on the shelves, occasionally breaking a glass or plate? To add to tho mystery, though tho pantry was carefully locked every, night the depredations still continued and at length the terror of each night's visitation became greater and greater, and the various stories began to be circulated, one being that the visitant was the spirit of a nun condemned to suffer the pangs of hunger for some transgression. ' This was supported by the circumstance of tho old castle and grounds having been soirie years before occupied as a convent. Tho only opening into the pantry was through a ventilator in the roof very high up, and adjoining one of tho lofty walls of the old castle. Through this no human being could obtain an entrance; but it was entered by a monkey, who came to it in this way. One of the pilot boats was taking off a pilot to a ship, to relievo the ono on duty, when, the monkey, sick 1 suppose of tho sea, and determined not to lose the opportunity, jumped into the boat, and on neariug the shore, jumped out again, and sort tho nearest shelter, which happened to be the old castle. The ship was from the West Indies, laden with sugar. The monkey, though missed from the homeward 1 bound, was unnoticed by the pilate crew, and finding his way from the castle to the ventilator of tho adjoining dwelling-liouso pantry, sought to allay his hunger there when all was quiet at night. By day the creature lay hidden in the old castle ; and it was ouly after a lapse of many days and nights that, poor Jucko was dis covered peeping out from his lodgings in the old Norman keep 1 gilt not unfrequently happens that houses are haunted, and kept haunted by certain persons who havo a direct interest in keeping up the silly- trick. In the same neighbourhood — the neigh bourhood of the old castle — had a house reputed to be haunted, and which was maintained its reputation for more than two summers. Foot steps are keard at night, doors arc slammed, on one occasion, a jug of water has been poured upon some members of tho family, to their great discomfort. The ghost has been clever, and has not yet been caught ; but the solution is not far to find, as the care- taker lias a comfortable residence gratis, which is lost when t.lie house is let and occupied for the season. — Chamber's Journal. > 