THE RIME OF THE ANCIENT MINISTER. A LAX OF 1880. PART I. An ancient Minister buttonholeth three gallants. The ancie 1111 Minister's policy. He attempteth to buret op the large estates. The aneient Minister goeth in bald-headed for protection. And heareth a cry for bread. The ancient Minister is held to his promise. The cry for bread groweth violent. The Minister pipeth his eye. IT is an ancient Minister, And he stoppeth one of three— " By thy long grey heard and ambling gait, Now wherefore stopp'st thou me ?" He holds one with his skinny hand— "There was a Ministree," He said, " Unhand me, greybeard loon," Replied the one of three. He smiles a ghastly, sickly smile, It makes all three feel ill, And listen like dumbfoundered things— The Minister hath his will. " We promised first estates to burst, The Upper House to ban, And make a glorious countree for The injured working-man. If blood must flow, it must be so— Our programme—BO it ran. PART II. " We passed our acts, the land to tax, The people cried ' Hurray ! The swells would rather lose their land, Than such a burden pay.' " 'Twas false—they paid—though truth must own Full many oaths they sware, But for the rest they did invest What more they had elsewhere, And not a cent with us they spent Beyond what they could spare. The working-man shall have his rights,' Cried the majoritee; ' If men are made perforce to trade Within the colonee, We'll keep our wealth quite to ourselves,' Said the majoritee. " So day by day we drove away The ships that sought to trade, 4 Twas well no vessels came to port,' So Ananias said; " 'It proves our manufactures thrive, Ana everyone is fed.' But in the echo I could hear Prophetic groans for bread. "' I will wage deadly war,' I cried, They answered with a shout— 'Down with the Banks, the Courts, the Bench, And turn the Service out.' And so I did—they yelled with glee; My fame was borne about. PART III. " Then passed a weary time, for work WaB scarce, and so was bread ; A weary time, a weary time, But nought the people said. So patiently they all endured, Unclad, unpaid, unfed. "Then looking onward I beheld A something that I feared— A speck, a mist, a shape, I wist, And still it neared and neared— A crowd with waving banners tricked With hopes that I had reared— "That I had reared and not fulfilled; Oh, wherefore did I stay To meet that multitude, when I Had time to run away f "Til get reform,' I said. They stood. And answered with a ciy, < 'Tis bread we want, and not reform— 'TiB work, and not a lie. " * You said you'd make this country great For us—it was a lie They heeded not the tears I squeezed Out of my fishy eye. The Minister goeth off his head. Andhooketh.lt, A free, easy, and accessible manner. PART IV. " Alone, alone, all, all alone, Alone of that Ministree, And not a soul took pity on My woeful agony. " I moved and could not feel my head, It was so light. Almost I thought that I had died in sleep, And was a blessed ghost. " And still I heard that roar without, And still I shook with fear, But with its sound my coat-tails shook, That were so thin and sere ; And so I made a bolt of it— Escaped—and I am here. " Farewell 1 Farewell! but this I tell To thee, thou one of three, He maketh most who priggeth most, Unconscientiouslee. ' He ceased, and went his way like one That is of sense forlorn, A sadder and a wiser man, His country's curse and scorn. 