THE NOVELIST. THE CLOVEN FOOT. Bï THU AUTHOB OP " IiADY AUDREY'S SEOEET," &C;, &C.; [the sole right of publication of "ThoOloven Foot" has b«en purchased by the proprietors of this journal from Mles Braddon.] _ CHAPTER V-A DISAPPOINTED LOVEB. Laura Malcolm remaind at the Manor House. Jlr. ulare, the vicar, had persuaded her to relinquish her idea of going into lodgings in the villago- It would he a pity to abandon the good old house, he argued. A house left to the care of servants must always suffer some deoay ; and this house was full of art treasures, objects of interest ' ¿nd of price which hitherto had been in Laura's Charge. Why should she not stay in the home of her girlhood till it was decided whether she was to rule there as mistress, or to abandon it for ever ? " Tour remaining boro will not compromise your freedom of choice," said Mr. Clare, kindly; "if you And befo» the end of the year that you can not make up your mind to accept John Treverton BB a husoand." " He may not ask me," interjected Laura, with a ouri«us smile. " Oh, yes. he will. He will come to you in good time to offer you his heart and hand, you may he sure, my dear. It cannot be a difficult thing for any young man to fall in love with such a girl ns you, and it seems to me that this John Treverton is very worthy of any woman's regard. I see no reason why your marriage should not be a love match on both sides, in spite of my old friend's eccentric will." "I'mafraid that can never be," answered Laura, with a sigh ; " Mr. Treverton will never be able to think of me as he might of any other woman. I must always seem to him an obstacle to his freedom and his happines. He is constrained ! o assume an affection for me, or to surrender a splendid fortune If he his mercenary he will not hesitate. He will take the fortune and me, and I shall despise him for his readiness to accept a wife chosen fer him by another. No, dear Mr. Clare, there is no possi bility of happiness for John Treverton and me." . "My dear child, if you aro convinced that you cannot be happy in this marriage, you are free on your patt to refuse him," said the Vicar. Laura's pale cheek crimsoned. "That would be todoom him to poverty, and to frustrate his cousin's wish," ehe answered, falter ingly. " I should hate myself, if I could be so solflsh as to do that." "Then, my 'dear girl, 'you must resign yourself . to the alternative, and if John Treverton and you are not as passionately in love as the young people "who defv their parents and run away to Gretna Green to be married-or did when I was a young man-you may at least enjoy a sober kind of happiness, and get on as well together as the princes and princesses whose marriages are arranged by Cabinet Councils and foreign powere." .' Do you know anything about Mr. Treverton ?" asked Laura, thoughtfully. "Very little. He is an only son-an only child, 1 believe. Iiis father and mother died while he was ahoy, and he became a ward in Chancery. He had a nice little property when he became of age, and ran through it nicely, after the manner of idle young men without friends to advise and guide them. He began his career in the army, but sold . out after he haa spent his money. I have no idea what he has been doing since-living by his wits I'm afraid." So it was settled that Laura was to remain at Manor House, with so many of the old servants as would suffice to keep things in good order-the servants to be paid and fed at the expense of the estate, Laura to maintain herself out of her own modest income. She was a young lady of particularly independent temper, and upon this point sho was resolute. "The money is nobody's money at present," she said. " I will not touch a penny of it." Sad as were the associations of the house, dreary as was the blank left in the familiar rooms by the absence of one revered figure, dismal as the silence which that voice could never break again, Laura was better pleased to stay in her old home than she would have been to leave it. Even the mute life less things among which elie had lived so long had some part of her love, some hold upon her heart. She would have felt hexself a wniif and stray in a stranger's house. Here she felt always at borne. If the rooms were haunted hy the shadow of the doan, the ghost was a friendly one, and looked upon her with loving eyes. She had never thwarted, or neglected, or wronged her adopted father. There was no remorse mingled with her grief. She thought of him with deepest sadness, hut without pain. The Vicar wns anxious that Miss Malcolm should have a companion. There wore plenty of homeless young women-women of spotless reputation and genteel connections-who would bo delighted to ho her unsalatied companion, for the sake of a pleasant homo. But Laura declared that sho wanted no companion. " You muBt think me very empty-minded iE you suppose I cannot endure my life without a young womau of the same age to sit opposite me and answer to all my idle fancies like an echo, or to walk out with me and help me to ndmire the i landscape, or to advise me what I should order for dinner," she said. " JNo, denv Mr. Claro ; I want no companion, except Celia now and then. You will » «°r C?m,) aiKl eee me vor.Y often, won't you?" As ofton AB you like, or as often as her parish «.AU letherC0Qie,"answered the Vicar. ,.. Ab» you are all such hard workeis at the \ «carago," exclaimed Laura. borne of na wort üard enouRht i believe," answered Mr. Clare, with a sigh. " I wish my sou mimttke up hismind to work a little harder." « TA"at,vTll come in good time." ?i. r ope 80» bufc 1 "m almost tired of waiting for that good time." « »?is dover and artistic," said Laura. ..tua. cleverneBB allowed him to leave the fi«1 u"lty without a degree, nud his artistic X«"Ä - never heIP bim to a living," answered the Vicar, bitterly. , "ie only eon of tho Vicar's was a thorn in his side. Edward Claro was everybody's favourite, and nobody's enemy but bis own. That was what the village said of him. He was good-looking, clever, agreeable, but he had no ballast. Ile was a feather to he blown by every puff of wind. He had never been able to discover the work which he had been sent into the world to do, but he had speedily found out the work for which ho was not adapted. At the University he discovered that the curriculum of an English classical education was not fitted to the peculiar cast of his mind. How much better ho could have done at Heidelberg, or Bonn. But when he made this discovery he had wasted three years at Oxford, and had cost his father something very close to a thousand pounds. The Vicar wanted bis only son to go into the church, and Edward had been educated with that view, but after failing to get his degree, Edward found out that he had a conscientious repugnance to the church. His opinions were too broad. " A man who admires Ernest Renan as warmly as I do has no right to be a parson," said Edward, with agreeable frankness ; so poor Mr. Clare bad to submit to the dissapointment of his most cherished hopes, because his son admired Renan. After having made up his mind upon this point. Edward stayed at home, read a good deal in a desultory way, wrotoja little in fine weather, fished, shot, i nd dawdled away life in the pleasantest manm r, finding his days never so sweet as when they 'vere spent at the Manor House. Jasper Treverton btiâ warmly esteemed the Vicar, and he had liked the Json for the father's siike. Edward had always been welcome at the Manor House while the old'man lived, and as Edward's sister was Laura Malcolm's chosen friend, it was natural that the Oxonian should be very often in Laura's society. But now his visits to the good old house where he had felt himself so completely at home, the library in which-he had read, the garden in whose leafy walks he had delighted to smoke, were suddenly restricted. Miss Malcolm had given him to understand, through his sister, that she con sidered herself no longter at liberty to receive him, Her friendship for him was in no wise lessened, but it wduld not do for him to dropin atall hours, or to spend half his afternoons in the library, a£ in the days that were gono. " I don't see why there should be such restric tions among old friends," said Edward, with an injured air, "Laura and I are like sister and brother." " Very likely, Ned, but then you see everybodj knows you and Laura are not brother and sister and I think thero are a good many people ir Hazlehurft who think that you feel something f good deal strong r than brotherly regard for her If she and I were drowning I know which of ue vou would try to eavo." " You can swim," growled Edward, remember ing Talleyrand'a famous answer, " Well, I suppose I must submit to fate. Miss Malcolm no doubt considers herself engaged to the mysterious heir, who does not eeemlin any hurry to begin his court ship. If old Treverton bad bequeathed such a chance to me I should hare seized upon my oppor tunity without an instant's hesitation." " I admire the öelicacy which prompts Mr. Treverton to keep in the background, just at first," said Celia. " How do you know that it is delicacy which restrains him," exclaimed Edward. " How do you know that it is not some entanglement some degrading connection jierhnps-or at any rate a previous engagement of some kind which ties his hands, and hinders bis advancement with Laura. No man, unless so constrained, would be besotted enough to neglect such an opportunity, or to hazard his chances of success. If he offends Laura she is just the kind of girl to refuse him, fortune and all." " I don't think she would do that except upon very serious groundt," said Celia. " Laura has a strong sense of duty, and she believes it her duty to her adopted father to assist in carrying out his wishes. I believe she would sacrifico her own inclination to that duty." "That's going too for," said Edward discontent edly. "I bt gin to think that she bas fallen in lave with this fellow, meteoric BB was his appearance here." " He stayed nearly a fortnight here," remarked Celia, " and Laura saw him several times. I don't mean to say that sba is in love with him. She has too much common sense to fall in love in that rapid way-but 1 am sure she does noe dislike hiiu." " Oh, when love begins common sense ends. I dare say she is in love with him. Hasn't she told you as much now, Celia p Girls like to talk about such things." " What do you know, about girls P" "Oh,nothing. I've got a sister who is one of the breed ; a model alwaya at hand to draw from. Come now Celia, be sisterly for onco in your life. What has Liura told you about John Treverton p" "Nothing. She ia particularly reserved upon the subject. Í know that it is a painful one for her, and I rarely approach it." " Well.heis a lucky dog. I never hated a fel low so much. I have an instinctive idea that he is a scoundrel." "Are notiuBtinctive ideas convictions that jump with our own inclinations?' speculated Colin, philosophically. "I nm heartily sorry for you, Ned, dear, for I know you are fond of Laura, and it does seem bord to have her willed away from you like this; but seriously now, would you be pleased to marry her with no better portion than her own little income P" "Sixthousand in consolP,"said Edward, medi tatively, "I'm afraid tnat would go a very little way with a young man nud woman of refined tastes. AVe might love each other ever so dearly, and be ever so happy together, but I'm afraid we should starve, Celia, and that our children's only inheritance would be their legal claim on their own pari8l). I thought that wicked old man would leave her handsomely provided for." " You had no right to think that, knowing that he had pledged himself to leave her nothing." *' Oh, there would always have been a way of evading that. I call his will absolutely shameful to force a high spirited girl to take a husband of his choosing-a fellow whom he had never seen wheu he made his will." "Ho took care to see young Mr, Treverton before he died. I daresay if he had not been favourably impressed he would have altered his will nfc tho last moment." This conversation took pince nearly four months after Jasper Treverton's death. The hedgerows were growing green ; the birdB had eaten the last of the crocuses ; the violets were all in bloom in the shrubbery borders, the grass grew fast enough to require weekly shearing, and the Manor House garden was a pleasant place to walk in, full of budding trees and opening blossoms, and tho songs of birds, telling each other rapturously that spring had come in earnest, and that winter days and a stony-hearted, f rot ¿-bound earth were things of the past. Edward OlaTe believed himself the most ill-used of young men. Ile was good- looking-nay, ac cording to the general judgment of his particular circle, remarkably bandeóme ; be was cleverer and more accomplished than most young men of his age and standing. If ho had done nothing ns j yet to distinguish himself it was not for lack of j talent, he told himself complacently. It was only because he had never yet put his shoulder to the wheel. He did not consider that duty strongly called upon every man to do his uttermost part in the labour of moving that mighty wheel. A clever youngman, like himself, might stand on one side and watch other fellows toiling at the job, know ing that he could do it ever so much better if he only cared to try. Fours years ago, when he first went to Oxford, he had made up his mind that he was to be Laura Malcolm's husband. Of course Jasper Treverton would leave her a handsome fortune, most likely his entire estate. There must be a dozen ways of evading that ridiculous oath. The old man might make over his property to Laura by a deed of gift, which would not be willing it to her. He might leave it to trustees for her use and benefit. Ic some manner or other she would be his heiress Edward felt very sure of that, seeing as he did th« old man's deep love for his adopted daughter. Sc when he found himself falling in love with Laura'i sweet face and winning ways, the young Oxoniai made no struggle against Cupid, the mighty con queror. To fail in love with Laura was the high' road to lortune, infinitely better than Church OJ Bar. But he was in no hurry to declare himself he was not an impulsive young man ; slow ant cautious rather. To make Laura an offer and b< rejected would mean banishment from her society lie thought she liked him, hut wanted to be verj sure as to the strength of her feelings before hi declared himself her lover. His position as he; friend was too advantageous to be lightly hazarded. 