A USEFUL LESSON, A gentleman m tho costermonger line of business, who occasionally serves me with fish and gamp, and who rejoices in tho romarkable name of Toppin, yesterday taught ma n useful lesson. Mr Toppin, who graduated in London, and who, therefore, may be supposed to know his business, should, by logical inferonce, be a very prosperous man. Ho is, I have boon informed, one of tho best buyers, criers, and salesmen in all Melbourne. I can honestly say tliat Ms wares are sound and wholesome, and that he has never taken me in, what ever he may have done towards others — in proper regard to his occupation as a costermonger. In a word, Mr Toppin and I are on the best of terms ; so much so, that he has been good enough to communicate to roc the cuuso of his failuro in life, and his method of recovering it. " I was born in tha business," said lie, " and reared up to it. , I always had a good woice— and, look here, master, woioo is every- think in the coster line, A man might be a genus — a reg'lar Shakspero among costers— but if he ain't got a woice he's nowhere." "Bless my soul" I ejaculated, "how's that?" " Well, you see, master," said Mr Toppin, deftly balancing his rabbits on his shoulders, "I sometimes think that it's a'most like thom Operary singers as comes out sometimes, and gits seen a heap o' money for squalling in the theayters. It's the woice as does it, not the individual," " Matter versus mind," I murmued, ah- sontly. " .. "Yes, Bir," proceeded Mr Toppin, "in Lon don, at any rate, it's the woioo as does it. Who over heerd of a dumb castor," he weat on, with tha sudden enthusiasm of a man who had Ucffii acuiou »v iwii n now luun j itu vuo. xve agin natur. A coster must sing out, ah I as melodyously as the woman as gits her thou sands in opery." Here Mr Toppin paused to skin a pair of rehbits which had been purchased by a passer by. This interesting feat accomplished, he once more addressed me. "Here, liowsomdever," he resumed, in a somewhat melancholy tone, "the woics aint of so much consequence. People hasn't been edicated. up to it. Consequently, hovry squeakin larrikin as can raise n few bob goes into the line. The competition is 1. - i-eral, and I sav as the Guvment ought to- interfere," and Mr Toppin snorted vigorously, " Indeed, I said, " why the Government ?" "Because it interferes not only with westod interests," returned Mr Toppin, lighting his pijxo, "but also with tha cause of national edication." "National education I" I ejaculated, with wonderment. "Ah 1" roturned'my friend, with anobstinate air, " National edication. A C03tor, mas ter, as has served Ms time in London, and mastered his trade, and is fly to its dodges, mind you, and has edicated his style and cultiwated his woice, is a valiblo servant of the State, and, as sich, ought to bo protected agin, the ignorant and presumptuous as hasn't. He has served his apprenticeship, ye see. Consequently, undue competition by them as hasn't — coves as never see a rabbit skinned afore rabbits was sent adrift here, and can't tell a fresh fish from a stale un' — is a wrong to skilled labor and to edicated talent, master, Talk o' Protection !" digressed Mr Toppin, with a legislative air. Here you have Free-trade interferiu with them as has given pledges to posterity." Mr Toppin here paused, and puffed vigor ously at Ms pipe, as though ho rather enjoyed this last illustration, and desired, not only to meditate upon its appositeness, but to give mo an opportunity of doing tbo like. Presently he resumed, with a plaintive air, "But, arter all, I shouldn't speak agin the nlfififl. nor fchn f.rixHfl. T'va mri'ln n, honn nf money in Melbourne in my time. For the matter o' that, so I d,. uiov." " Then," said I with ariosity, " how comes it that this morbid spirit you display — only proper to critics and dyspeptics — has seized upon you." "Master, "said Mr Toppin, witha twinkle in a very expressive black-eye (left hand side), "Stow your chaff, or else put your langwidge secli as a coster can tumble to. If it's Romany, or Whitechapel, patter you're at, I'm on, But blow your cornea .les." "And yet," said I, "you, hut this moment, Mnted that you were an educated person, and protested against tho interference of illiterate personages." "I'm fly to yourmeanin' this time," said Mr Toppin, "though it aint put in very clear words or understandable English. When I spoke of edication," he went 011, with a "com- Erehensivo" gesture, "I spoke in general terms, Idication, as I take it, means the learnin' us g ives a man a perfession. It aint readin' or writin' It aint Latin or Greek, It aint French or Garman, or Chinese, or Law, or Legislative Assembly talk, or noo3epaper, said Mr Toppin, impressively, as heiaidahand stained with the gore oi many rabbits upon my immaculate coat sleeve, " Its the larniu' as fills a man's belly." Mr Toppin again paused, as though, con scious of having given utteranoe to a great thought, he desired to give 1113 some time to digest it. I took advantage of Ms consideration; with such good effect, that I found his pro position very wholesome food. Ha was right, "But toresoom," he said. "As I said afore, I've made a heap 0' money in this place, and I don't do bad now, though I'm stone-broke at present — all along, master," he proceeded, with tho air of a Burnett, or a Cough, "all along o' the beer," and he sighed as he knocked the ashes out of his pipe. "I have observed," I assented, delicately, "that you are somewhat partial to malt liquor." "It's my bane, master," said Mr Toppin, emphatically. " It cooks my caroer. I might have had a hyster shop in Swanston street, or owned a moke nnd a cart, or gone in for legis- latyve honors, pay, and hoffice, years ago,, if it hadn't been for them cussed 'nrf, pints. Master, beer has boon the ruin ef many a good man." A tear trembled upon the lids of Mr Toppin's black eye as lie gavo utterance to this pathetic homo truth. I felt for tho mail, auu auugni. lu uivorc iiia unougnca iroru a sub ject, the philosophical discussion of which thought, might possibly lead him to excess at the corner publichouse. "You said that although you mndo a great deal of money, and drove a thriving trade," I interposed, "you were nevertheless at at this partioular moment 'stone broke.' By this expression, I apprehend that you are lite rally in an insolvent condition — a sort of peri patetic suburban and provincial." " Right you are, master," said Mr Toppin, with a sigh. "Then," I went on, curious to ascertain the manner and nature of this strange man's re sources, "will you inform mo what you do, how you manage, and what opor.ation you put into action, when ' stone broke,' in order to put together ugain the shattered pieces of your financial condition 2" " At it again," said Mr Toppin, satirically, " But I tumble. Master, when I'm cleau stone broke, when I've molted bevy copper, and when my credit has given imp the ghost, I dewotes my Sundays to gatheriu' penny- winkles.and sells 'em on Monday." With this, and a significant wink from Ms black eye, Mr Toppin nodded, and walked away, crying melodioui'ly enough, " Wild ra-bits 1 wild ra-bits !" It was some time ere I realised tho full strength of Mr Toppin's answer. Was it not sublime — significant of the virtues of energy, perseverance, and so'forth. Surely, yes. Mr Toppin haB taught me a lesson, which I com mend to others, who, like myself, are not in frequently " stone broke." It is, " Go f' Th and gather perriwinkles 011 a Sunday, and-,y»rlr 'em onMonday." To bo sure, however, it is, as Mr Toppin would say, "all a matter 0' .edication;" and it ia not everybody whose early training lias been so happy as to enable him, even when "stone broke," to roeovor himself and Ms for- f.lltlPR in Riioh it crnnltin innnnua THE LOUNGER. Women are generally in quest of something, Conquest seems to suit them about as well as anything. It is related in the New York Graphic that at a little dinner-party, ono of the quests, the younger brother of an English nobleman, ex pressed with commendable freedom Ms opinion of America and its people. "Idonot altogether like the country," said tho young gentleman, "for one reason, because you havo no gentry hero." "What do you mean by gentry, "asked another of tho company. "Well, you know," replied tho Englishman, "Well— oh, gontry are those who nover do any work thomselveH and whoRe fathers before thom nover did any." "All," exclaimed Ms interlocutor, "then wo have plenty of gentry in America, but we don't call them gentry, we call thorn tramps." A laugh went around tho table, and tho young Englishman turned his conversation into another channel. ; i 