%\it ffizZXZUQZX. English Mail. England. — The Convocation of the Province of Canterbury met on 24th June, and remained in full session when the mail left. The revision of the Rubrics was the subject chiefly under considera tion. In the Upper House the discussion was conducted with closed doors, but some results of their deliberations appeared on Friday, 27th. On that day the ' Ornaments' Rubric' came before the Bishops, and, after a long debate, fourteen of their number voted nem. Ms. that the following words be added to the present Rubric— by way of explanation, we presume : — ' That every priest or deacon at all times of his ministration shall wear a surplice with a stole or scarf, ana tne nooa or ms aegree, ana no otner ornament, unui iu auau uc otherwise ordered by a Canon of the Church lawfully enacted, pro mulged, and executed ; provided always that this Rubric shall not be understood to repeal the 24th, 25th, and 58th of the Canons of 1604.' The ' Canons' referred to are those which direct the use of the Cope at the Holy Communion in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches. Five of the Bishops abstained from voting. Their lordships' resolu tion was then transmitted to the Lower House, but failed utterly to secure the approval of the Clergy. Bishop Piers Clauglvton, who sits in the Lower House as Archdeacon of London, moved that the Clergy concur in their lordships' proposal, but a majority of the members determined otherwise. Canon Gregory moved, as an amendment, that ' This House regrets that it cannot agree with the resolution respecting the Ornaments' Eubric sent down from the Upper House,' and his amendment was carried by 68 to 13. Among the supporters of Canon Gregory we find the names of Canon Rawlinson (Canter bury), Archdeacons Harrison (Maidstone), Groome (Suffolk), Hessey (Middlesex), Sanctuary (Dorset), Lord A. Compton, and others, who are nothing if not men of moderation. The general opinion seemed to be that the Eubric should be retained in its integrity, and be inter preted according to its true meaning, or be deleted altogether from the Prayer-book.- To retain the Rubric, and add to it a paragraph which completely contradicts it, is an absurdity of which the House declined to be guilty — in our opinion most wisely. Our readers are already acquainted with the circumstances of the appeal in the case of Martin v. Maconochie, which was heard by the Judges of Appeal in March last. Full particulars are given in the Mes senger for June. The decision of the Court was given on Saturday, 28th June. By a, majority of three to two the judges upheld the sentence of suspension for three years ab officio et beneficio pronounced by Lord Penzance, as titular jDean of Arches, against Mr. Maconochie for disobedience to a monition of the Arches Court issued against him in 1874. The Court of Queen's Bench had decided that the sentence of Lord Penzance was ultra vires. The Court of Appeal has now reversed this decision, and a further appeal to the House of Lords only remains. Whether any such appeal will be made seems as yet uncertain. The decision, if not appealed against and reversed, is a matter of grave consequence to the Church, as the power of enforcing uniformity in ritual through Lord Penzance's Court is materially strengthened. The main difficulty in the way of the Church Association in its endeavours to stamp out Eitualism is the discre tion secured to the Bishop of the Diocese by the recent decision of the Court of Appeal in the Clewer case. If his consent can be gained and proceedings begun, the success of the Association in its en deavours is now not improbable. But we hardly think that the Bishops, as a body, will permit themselves to become its instruments. The growth of Lay Help in the Church is one of the most satis factory signs of present-day progress. Fourteen years ago — in 1865 — an attempt was made to systematise lay agency and to give official recognition to volunteer workers by the formation in the Diocese of London of the Association of Lay Helpers. In 1867 its first Annual Report was issued, and the Society then numbered 90 members. Now, we are glad to say, nearly- 3000 names are enrolled on its register, of whom no less than 125 hold the Bishop's commission as Headers. The employment offered to members is various — Bible- classes, Mission Services, Open-air Preaching, District Visiting, &c;— both on week days and Sundays, and the Committee have been able to transfer the superabundant lay power of the richer West- end parishes to the poorer parts of the Diocese. Courses of Lectures are given annually and Special Services held for the benefit of the members, and these have been taken advantage of very largely. Altogether, the London Association seems most prosperous and useful. Why should something like it not be begun in Melbourne 1 Material, we are sure, \- is not wanting, which, if duly organised, could hardly fail to be of real advantage to the Home Missionary work of the Church. The needs of our metropolitan population has far out-grown the powers ? of the Clergy to supply it with the means of grace, or even with religious instruction. Will none of our metropolitan Clergy take steps to organise an Association of Lay Helpers to meet these needs 1 Several Synods of Old Catholic Churches have recently been held in Germany and Switzerland. That of the Swiss Christian- Catholic Church began at Solothwrn on 6th June, under the presidency of Bishop Herzog. It was distinguished by the warm desire of its members for intercommunion with the Church of England. This feeling is expressed in the following resolutions, which were adopted iA±xc±i±xi±ivu.ai.j ?— - '1. The Synod takes cognisance of the resolutions of the hundred Bishops of the Catholic Anglo-American Church, assembled -at Lambeth in July, 1878, so far as these resolutions concern the Catholic reform, and declares on its part its conviction, with refer ence to the resolutions of the Olten Synod of 1876, that it stands in essentials on the same Christian and Catholic foundation as the Anglo-American Church. '2. The Synod, for its part, conceives of the approximation of different Churches in this sense, that by the same the independence of National Churches, and the retention of their lawful customs are not prejudiced. '3. The Synod most respectfully thanks the Anglo-American Church for its manifold proofs of benevolent sympathy. ' 4. The Synod requests the Bishop officially to communicate this declaration to those Bishops of the Anglo-American Church who have acted as intermediaries between that Church and the Christian Catholic Church of Switzerland.' The Swiss Church is in possession of 56 parishes, and has at work 72 priests. It includes both a French and a German element, which can hardly be said to mingle harmoniously at all times— the French being impetuous and change-loving, the German, slow and conser vative. But if, as they unitedly confess, the foundation on which they build is Jesus Cheist, we may hope and believe that the edifice they are jointly endeavouring to rear will be carefully and success fully completed. ? The German Synod met at Bonn on the same day under Bishop Beinkens. It was weak in point of numbers ; only 12 clergymen and 46 lay deputies were present. The following words, from the Bishop's opening address, seem to give a trustworthy statement of the present condition of the movement: — 'In numbers the movement has not increased, but neither has it decreased, and our reforming ideas have penetrated into ever wider circles. Though our work is not so apparent outwardly, it is not therefore inefficient. The manifold hindrances that opposed us have inwardly strengthened us, and tended more to consolidate us. The eager demand to see great results has ceased to be apparent with us .but our hopes are not weakened, but increased thereby. I open the present Synod with the exhortation to hope with patience for the assured fruits of our labour.' The total number of clergy is not much more than fifty. The old Catholics of Austria met at Vienna on the same day as their brethren in Germany and Switzerland. It is the day of very small things with them— the number of their priests being at present no more than three. Eight heads of reform were adopted subject to the approval of a future Synod, and it was resolved to apply to the Government for a grant-in-aid to their Congregations, and to take steps for the appointment of a Bishop. The 'heads of reform agreed upon are these :— 1. Participation of the lay element I in Church government, after the model of the ancient ecclesiastical constitution. 2. Abolition of compulsory auricular confession. 3. Abolition of compulsory celibacy, 4. Reform of public worship ; use of the vulgar tongue in all ecclesiastical Offices, especially in the Mass.. 5\. Exclusion of compulsory fasting. 6. Eevision of the Calendar and reduction of the numerous holy days. 7. Removal of abuses in the matter of indulgences, cult of relics, pictures, &c;, and limitation of processions to the church itself. 8. Abolition of Mass stipends, payments for prayers, and surplice fees. On the whole, we regret that we have no more marked progress to report throughout Europe than that summarised above, and can only hope that large results may, in God's good Providence, arise here after out of these small beginnings Lord Penzance has recently appeared before the world as Judge of the Chancery Court of the Province of York. The real prosecutors were the Church Association, and the defendant was the Rev. S. F. Green, Rector of Miles Platting, in the Diocese of Manchester, who did not appear. He was charged with the usual Ritualistic practices not enjoined by the Prayer-book. They were held to be proven, and a monition was issued against him, admonishing him to discontinue the acts complained of and not to repeat them. He was also con demned in costs. We desire to call our readers' attention to the fact that the School Boards in England, which are elected by the ratepayers, are too sensible and tolerant to put hindrances in the way of religious in struction as has been done so often by the Boards of Advice in Vic toria. In England Boards have the power to have the Bible, the Apostles' Creed, and Lord's Prayer taught in their schools during school Jiotirs by the teaching staff, and out of some 1500 Boards in England and Wales, no less than 1445 have availed themselves of it. Of the 'balance of 45 purely secular schools, 27 are in Wales, and 18 only in England, and even in these — as, e.g., in Birmingham — there are manifest symptoms of a desire to return to some form of religious instruction. The excessive cost of Education under the ' Board' system, and its comparative cheapness in denominational schools, are well shown by a Parliamentary return recently issued. It ap pears that the total cost per child in London Board Schools, defrayed by rates, inclusive of interest on loans for buildings and expenses of School Board office, and staff other than the teaching staff, in the year ending 29th September last, was £2 6s. 9d. The total cost per child in London voluntary schools, defrayed by voluntary subscrip tions, for the year ending 31st August, 1878, was 8s. lOfd. per child. Why should the people of Victoria so persistently ignore the dearly . bought experience of the mother-country ? At the Annual Meeting of the English Church Union a letter was read from the Rev. Dr. Pusey, and in reply to an inquiry which had been made as to what his position is in relation to the Church of England, the following answer was returned. We reproduce it, as it cannot fail to be of interest to some of our readers, and may help others to a truer estimate of one who in his time has been as heartily abused as any man living, and whose name has seemed to some a synonym for disloyalty to English Church teaching. His relation, he says, is ' the same which it always was, dutiful loyalty, I trust, to her, as the communion in which bv His Providence I was re-born and made a member of Christ, and to which He bears witness by the life which He gives her, and the grace which He bestows through His sacraments in her. In her I believe the whole Catholic faith, as revealed by Him in Holy Scripture, and to all the Apostles by God the Holy Ghost, and as attested by the undivided Church ; the quod semper, quod ubique, quod ab omnibus. What has not this stamp I do not. believe. For I believe our Lord's promise that the Holy Spirit should guide His Apostles ''into the whole truth ;' and I believe that they fully and faithfully delivered the whole truth which they had received to those whom they appointed in their stead to carry on the lamp of truth to the end. I cannot then believe that the later Church is wiser than St. John the Divine,, who lay in our Lord's bosom, or that he withheld from the Church anything which he had received from Him who loved, him. In and through my mother, the Church of England, I became a disciple of the Fathers, and believe all which they believed, and reject all which they rejected. My faith is one with theirs.' In spite of its boasted unity the internal condition of the Roman Church in England is far from being that of a happy family. The ' iron hand' is felt very painfully by its more prominent members, at least if we may believe the correspondent of the Daily Chronicle, who writes from Rome : — 'Bishop Amherst has resigned the See of Northampton on the ostensible plea of ill-health, but really on account of the despotic policy of Cardinal Manning. The ' Province' or w estminster is now ruled by a clique, of which, say the complainants, the ambitious refugee from the Protestant camp is the acknowledged leader. The system of elbowing-out born Catholics, who may be« supposed to know the traditions of their Church better than neophytes, is hourly increasing. . . . Parochial jurisdiction does not now exist among the Romanists of Great Britain. Any priest is removable at the goodwill of his Bishop. Tears of service give no privilege, and an Archbishop with a monastic mind and disciplinary views of his own is rather an unpleasant superior. The results of all this are deplorable. Father Law, the Oratorian, has left the priest hood ; Father Roberts, a relation of Dr. Manning, has become sick of petty tyranny and taken a wife ; another Westminster priest has gone on the stage ; and the unpopularity of the present Metropolitan is very great. Dr. Newman is too advanced in life to be the leader of moderate Catholics. But every experienced Roman priest in England is convinced, and makes no secret of his conviction, that the intellec tual standard of the rising generation of clergy is becoming dwarfed, and that the Seminarists who come upon the mission are invertebrate and Ritualistic in the paltriest sense of the word. Many of them have been Anglicans, and they have imported the puerile posturing of spurious Catholicism' into the Church of their adoption. There is not a single priest among these ' verts' who could take the place of men like Bishop Ullathorne of Birmingham, or Bishop Clifford of Clifton ; and the elder clergy mourn over a state of things which has handed over their hierarchy to an insolent and aggressive faction, who, whatever they now say, have intrigued against Newaaan and every other ecclesiastic who is not prepared to sacrifice every particle of his national character.' The Wesleyan body in England have completed their annual census, from which it appears that the ' connexion' has during the year 1878 suffered a net diminution of membership to the extent of '3287, or -nearly 1 per cent. The increased activity of the National Church has doubtless stayed the current of proselytism which flowed so rapidly in years gone by. As the raison d'etre of Methodism was the unspirituality and inefficiency of the Clergy, it must, we trust, be gratifying to all concerned in its affairs to find that the causes which called forth their zealous efforts in the past are now happily removed. ' Died, 10th June, the Eev. Frederick Beadon, Canon of Wells and Rector of N. Stoneham, Hauts, aged one hundred and one years and six months.' Canon Beadon was at his death the oldest clergy man of the Church. He was educated at Trinity College, Oxon., and took his degree in 1800. He became Canon of Wells in 1811. The Queen graciously wrote him a letter of congratulation on his attaining his hundredth year, and we can well imagine the gratifi cation which her kindly attention gave to the aged Pastor. Canada. — The Ven. Arthur Siveatman, Archdeacon of Brant, Diocese of Huron, was consecrated. Bishop of Toronto on SS. Philip and James's Day, 1st May. The sermon was preached by Dr. Hell muth, Bishop of Huron, from John iii. 22. Five Canadian Bishops took part in the consecration. Jamaica.— A special Synod for the election of a Bishop was held on 24th April, when the late Bishop delivered his parting address. The chair was afterwards occupied by the Archdeacon of Middlesex. Four Clergymen were nominated, three of them Clergymen of the Diocese ; the fourth, Bishop Jenner, formerly of Dunedin, N.Z. It was also proposed that the choice of a Bishop should be delegated to ' an English Committee of Reference. Sixty clergy and 87 lay representatives took part in the voting. A majority of both orders was necessary to an election. At the first ballot a local clergyman (Rev. C. Drouet) secured a majority of lay votes. At the second ballot Bishop Jenner polled a larger number of both orders than Mr. Drouet, but the English Committee of Reference secured a majority — 31 clerical and 45 lay votes. The selection and appointment of the new Bishop will rest, therefore, with them. Jerusalem. — The Rev. Dr. Joseph Barclay, rector of Stapleford, Herts, is to be the new Anglican Bishop. He is a well-known author, skilled in Hebrew, Arabic, and German, and the translator and com mentator on parts of the Talmud. The Record says : — ' The offer was finally made by the Premier on the 20th of June, on the recom mendation of Lord Shaftesbury, and has been now accepted. Dr. Barclay's four years spent in close intimacy with the English Embassy at Constantinople before he went to Jerusalem, together with the ten years passed in the Holy City, as incumbent of Christ Church and examining chaplain to Bishop Gobat, fully attests his large amount of valuable Oriental experience.' British Columbia. — The Rev. W. Ridley, Vicar of St. Paul's, Huddersfield, has been appointed to the new See of Caledonia. The degree of D.D. has been conferred upon him by the Archbishop of Canterbury. United States. — The Rev. Dr. Alfred Harris was elected Bishop of Michigan at the forty-fifth annual Convention of that Diocese on 4th June. Mr. Asa Packer, of Eastern Pennsylvania, has died recently at the age of seventy-three. . He was a man of princely liberality, and a devoted member of the Church in America. During his lifetime he founded a College at Bethlehem, Penn., known as Lehigh University, at which all the instruction given is to be free for ever. This cost him some £300,000. By his will he has given a similar amount to the Col lege, and £100,000 to the library. He has also left a Sum of £60,000 towards the endowment of St. Luke's Church Hospital at Bethlehem, and £6000 to endow a Church of which he had been in the main the builder. His own early education had been defective ; his immense wealth he gained in connection with railway works. A man of simple habits, he has been mindful of the responsibilities which wealth brings with it, and unborn generations will have reason to honour his memory, and bless his pious thoughtfulness. 'We regret to notice that excesses in Ritual are giving some trouble in the Diocese of Pennsylvania. The rector of St. Clement's, Philadel phia, is oneof the ' Cpwley Fathers,' an English order of preachers, who have their home near Oxford. The unfamiliar usages of divine worship followed at his Church having been brought under the notice of the Convention of the Diocese, a committee of inquiry was appointed last year, and at this year's Convention presented a report strongly ad verse to many of the practices that had been adopted. As no Canon of the Church existed which met the peculiar circumstances of the case, a small majority of the Convention proceeded to pass a Canon which gives to 'the godly admonition and judgment' of the Bishop, with the consent of his Council of advice, the force of law in respect to all innovations in ritual, vestments, ornaments, Sec. This proceeding was at once protested against by the minority as legislation ex post facto, and contrary to the constitution of the Church. It appears that some of the most zealous opponents of the services at St. Clement's are themselves men who decline to use certain parts of the Prayer- book Offices, and it is hard to see why they should be so anxious to restrict the liberty of others. Unhappily, it seems probable that the hasty action of the Convention may result in legal proceedings ; but we would fain hope that both sides will be wise and tolerant enough to refrain from extreme measures. One of our great preachers, within 100 miles of Melbourne, while preaching on the subject of the presentation in the temple, suddenly lost the thread of his discourse, and said, ' Well, I cannot remember what Simeon said; some of you will perhaps remember. ' Immedi ately an elderly lady rose, with folded hands, and said, ' Lord, now lettest Thou Thy servant depart in peace.' ' Thank you, thank you,' said the preacher, and went on with his subject,— Spectator, 