THE LOST TRIBES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Will you kindly pisrinit a short comment on the paper written by Mr. Rogers. The Lost Tribes arc more than a nine days' wonder, and to some minds the subject has become a greater pet than lap dogs are to ladies. The Romans made a solitude and called it peace. The Anglo-Israelites find coincidences and call them proofs. Difference of feature, between us and the Jews, does not militate against a common ancestry, for the black hair, oval face, full lip, and carved 6 nose of the Jew are evidences of God's displeasure, when he changed their features. The passsge in fsaiali iii 9, quoted to warrant this assertion, predicts changes in the moon as clearly. It indicates, disposition, character—"His brow declares liini a villain, his looks tell you he is a nave," is our mode of giving the prophets thought. His words have no more relation to an altered type than ours in calling a man a blackleg iudicatc a negro's calf inside his stocking. Why do not the 4.nglo-Israelites quote the whole verse I Why sliouldonepartbetakenand the other left I It would knock a hole in the bottom of their theory and sink it, and thus make it conjectural whether Dan and his ships reached Ireland, or sank with the Stone of Destiny to the bottom of the sea. " The show of their countenance doth witness against them, and tliey declare their sin as Sodom." We inusu't use the lawyer's craft, bringing forward what will clear, and excluding what will ruin his client. Take both clauses, and unless black hair, eyes, full lips, and Roman noses are signs of Sodom, the well-known morality of the Jews will prove how valueless is such reasoning. The best method with theorists is to point them to their contradictions. Our Queen, it seems, is from David. Mr. Iline is sure of it, and his disciples never doubt their master. When he visits the Great Pyramid, he will probably discover the roll of descent, and give us, after the manner of llomanists with their Popes, the names of Her Majesty's ancestors right up to David. Norman, French, Welsh, Scotch, Danish nationalities are represented in the royal blood of our good Queeu. If our Queen is from David, the show of her countenance will witness to her descent. Her countenance, say, is English, and therefore she is of Israel. Her ancestry for four or five generations is pure German. Therefore the Germans are of Israel, and knock a hole right through the Pyramid census. If our Queen is from David, she cannot be of Israel. If she is of Israel, the tribes must take in the forty or fifty millions or Germans. Romans ix. 7 refers to God's choice of Isaac instead of Ishmael. It relates to a spiritual seed, not to Saxons, Jutes, and Angles. Mr. Rogers must pardon me in refusing his derivation of Saxons. Let me show him that the Joneses come from that Patriarch Isaac. Isaason, changed for convenience into Jackson, then Jackson, people growing politer, into Johnson, then with our genius for shortening words, into Johns, and preferring musical sounds, it gets softened into Jones. If any one dissents from this derivation, don't waste your time in fathering the Geta? on Gad, the Danes'on Dan, the Neapolitans on Nepthali, or the Saxons on Isaac. "Israel shall be mistress of the sea." Britannia rules the waves. Britons never shall be slaves—except to the drink. John Bull is never to be conquered, unless by John Barleycorn. Isaiah speaking of camels meant gunboats; of rams, ironclads ; and of dromedaries, torpedoes. u We have more ships than any nation ;" true, therefore we are Israel, but poor Israel seems in this chapter not worth a " collier" or a " fishing smack," and therefore must be indebted for the water- carriage of her sons to the ships of Tarshish. What some persons produce as proofs seem to others a mass of contradictions." There was a ghost in the room, I am sure of it, for didn't I faint, and didn't my nose begin to bleed?" "Israel must have as emblems the lion and the unicorn." We have them, therefore we are Israel. How convincing! The Jews cultivated olives and vines. We do so; therefore, we Australians are Jews, equally so. Since ten or eleven tribes, each with its emblem, make up Israel, Benjamin's wolf, I suppose, is found in the English bull-dog; the couching ass of Issachar changed years ago into the Saxon white horse ; Gad's emblem, whatever it was, grew into St. George and the Dragon, the hind let loose of Napthali got caught and got developed into the hybrid beast which scans the British Crown as if to find a peck of oats in it; and out of Joseph's fruitful bough flew the Danish raven. I thought J udah was the lion tribe, but since there are more lions than one, that beaut was given not to all Israel, but to Joseph. This Patriarch had two sons. .They could not both have the two beasts. Ephraim, like a greedy brother, keeps them in England, and Manasseh in high dudgeon, going to America, resolved, as Isaiah didn't say. to have as his emblem, the eagle. Considering our intermixture ju England, it is a mystery bow the tribe of Manasseh managed to preserve its distinctness. I have dipped into Mr. Hine's book, findingquotations numerous as blackberries in an English October, but proofs are more difficult to be found than the honest man that was searched lor by candlelight at noon. « There is a river in Macedon, and there is also a river in Monmouth, and there is salmon in both." With that coincidence garrulous old Taffy stopped; he did not adduce it as proof that IJenry, his King, descended from Alexander. I am, Sir, etc., Terowie. W. JONES. 