CATHOLIC EDUCATION.-i— PASTORAL LETTER, No. W- Roger Bede, by the grace of God and the farour of the Apostolic Seo, Archbishop of Sydney and the Metropolitan, to the clergy, secular and regular, Bnd the faithful of the said archdiocese. Health and benediction in the Lord. Reverend and dear brethren, and dear children in Jesus Christ, We havo seen how secularist education acts as a solvent of Christianity in its feebler and in its strongest form — in ProteBtaut America and in Catholia Italy ; nnd that, wero it allowed to become universal, Christian civilisa tion would gradually be swept away. Io resist the argument of the rack,' the gibbet, and the thumb- screw, requires heroic fortitude and supernatural nerve ; and Christianity has resisted it and ovorcome it, and has triumphod in the issue. Now the Church has to meet the same foe in another guise. Many of her children will be lost in the contest ; but she will still remain. Apart from the promise of our Lord, it is morally impossible for secularist education to take possession of tho world. Error i9 ever ephemeral, and always local. Diseases, moral as well as physical, run their oourse. They startle or terrify, as the caso may be ; but tho most deadly and wide- spread plague burns itself out at last ; and man survives and lives ou as if nothing extraordinary had happened. So will it be with the Catholio Chnrch. But though the Cburoh is sure, souis are in peril. Our main anxiety is for them. They have to be saved one by one ; and our duty is to our own day and to our own people. Our duty, dearly beloved, is to you. It is for us to expound to you, and impress upon you the teaching of the Church ; it is your part to bo docile as children to their spiritual mother. Not only as Christians, but as oitizens, we are profoundly interested in the education question. Wo believe in national education. We do not believe in education whioh is sectional. All should be treated equally, or there will be no peace. To pamper some children, and to starve or ill.troat others, is to create grief and bitterness in the house hold, and there will be no rest till things are ohanged. Let us take, as examples of what we mean, the three great systems of educa tion, respectively, as they are at present, in AmerLn, io Victoria, and in New South Wales. By .touching on some of their radical, defects, we slxftll gradually make our meaning clear. In'fhe first place, take America. Here, at once, a glaring wrong presents itself. Touchiog on the injustice done to Catholics by a school system, of which they cannot in conscience take advantage, Judge Taft, of Ohio, says : " This is too large a ciroum. stance to be covered by the Latin phrase ' De minimis non curat lex.' These CatholicB (paying their portion of the taxes) are con strained every year, on conscientious grounds, to yield to others their right to one-third of the school money, a sum averaging, at the present time, about 200,000 dollars every year. That is to say, thoso peoplo . are jntnished every year, for believing as they do, fc) tho extent of 200,000 dollars ; and to that extent those of us who send our ohildren to these excellent common schools, become bene- Jiciaries of tho Catholic money. What a shame for Protestants to havo their children educated by money robbed from Catholics 1 Mercantile life is supposed to cultivate, in some, a relish for hard bai'gains. But if it were a business matter, nnd not a matter of religious concern, could business men be found willing to exact such a pecuniary ad vantage as this ? I think it wonld shock the secular conscience ! " Take, now, an illustration ot the trntn ot the judge's remark. The Public School Tax in Cincinnati in 1872 amounted to 810,000 dollars, Of this sum tho Catholics contributed 230,000 dollars. And what did they pay this for ? For the education of other people's children in schools which, in conscience, they could not use ; and, whilst paying at the rate of 230,000 dollars a year for educating other people's children, they had also to pay for the education of their own. The Cathedral Parish at Cincinnati, for example, has to find 3500 dollars a year to meet tho curront expenses of its own parochial schools ; and at tho same timo it has to support public schools of which it cannot take hdvantago. Iu 1SGS tho Catholics of New York, besides payii g for the schooling of other people's children, sub scribed 132,000 dollars for the support of their own schools — having contributed a million and a quarter of dollars for buildings and for sites. The fact is, Catholics havo found out to their coat that public: schools do their children harm. "We can say," says Midler, " that so far as onr Catholic children are concerned, the work- ings of our public school system have proved, and do prove, highly detrimental to their faith and morals. So strongly has the con- viction of this been impressed upon tho minds both of tho pastors and parents, that most strenuous efforts, and even enormous sacrifices have been made, and contiune to bo made, in order to establish and support parochial schools. In many cities of tho Union there is, at tho present moment, in daily attendance at these schools, an average number of between eighteen and twenty thousand children. The annual expense for the maintenance of these schools docs not fall far short of one hundred thousand dollars ; while the amount expended for tho purchase of lots, "hud the erection of proper echool bUllclinga, consiaoraDiy exueeus a ujimiuu. This American system may last for a time, but it cannot last for over. It is not national, nor is it just; and the time will como when the nation will reject it. Now take Victoria, with its system of thorough secularist education. Two vital energies will never suffer this system to remain in pence. Underneath, as it woro, the Catholic Church and the Chnrch of England are over at work, agitating and threatening, and oxpressing a deep and burning sense of religious wrong. Dr. Moorbousc, tho Angli can bishop, has depicted both the Catholic and Protestant feoliDg accurately and strongly. Regarding Catholics, he says : "They urge — 'We are ft fourth of your community ; you 'take lrom us by force of law a fourth part of tho education grant for the year, and then with that money which you h ive taken from us you build nod maintain schools to which wo cannot send our children without fears for their salvation. If you will not listen to ns we will give you no rest. We will move Heaven and earth to got rid of so crying an injustice. We will help any party, and take advantage of any political trouble which can J he made instrumental to our purpose, till we huve'compelled you to treat us as Christian freemen,, and not as politioal nlftve/ Thirls the relation of tho Roman Catholio to this law, as felt and stated by himself." The Anglican Chnrch is no less rootless than tho Catliolio. The Victorian Pnblio Schools rejcot tho Bible, which is tho Pro testant guide to heaven, aa wall ma the authority of the Catholio Churoh. Both churches are struck in a vital part, nnd both equally reooil from such cruolty and injustice. Dr. Moorhouse admirably expresses tho Pro testant position when ho says : — " What ohnroh authority is to the Roman Catholic, the Bible is to ns. It is tho text book of our morality, it is the basis of onr toachiug, it is tho charter of our dearest hopes. So lpng, thou, as you banish the Bible from your schools, we believe that you aro failing in your duty ; that you are not fulfilling the condition on whioh your right of interference is based ; that you are not raisiDg up virtuous oitizens, but that, on the contrary, by withdrawing all the higher motives from the minds of our ohildren, you aro most surely, howevor unintentionally, preparing for us a future of vice, confusioD, and disaster. Take away the Roman Catholics, and we Protest ants represent more than nice- tenths of yonr romainicg subjects, and wo domand that yon shall not take our money from as by aot of Parliament to injure the character of our ohildreu. Give us the Bible in our schools, taught nndenominationally by the sohool- mastor, as it is at homo, and iu Holland, and I think wo could cheerfully support the law." Does any serious statesman imagine that this system whioh strikes at and even menaces the existence of two such powerful bodieB as the Church of England and tho Catholio Church, and whioh has many onemios besides, will abide, and win its way in general estim a- tion ? Its doom is sealed. It is constructed on a radically wroner Driccinlo : it cuts across the religious grain of large conscientious sections of the people, and eventually they will prove the stronger, and they will obtain their obviouB rights. Turn to New Sonth Wales. Take onr school system. How do tho two oburches look upon it ? Does it thwart them in their legitimate aspirations, or do them even-handed justice ? The sense of the Synod of the Church of Euglaud is ooutained in the following words, which form the first part of its first resolution, thirty clergymen being in favour , of it, and only seven'iBgainst.;it.; It runs thuB — "This Synod expresses its satisfaction with the utter, ance of the President on the subject of primary education in Chnroh schools, and trusts that the members of the Church will support him in giving practical efiect thereto." No v what was the utterance of the Presi dent ? His Lordship expressed his mind with gieat distinctness by drawing a comparison between Publio Schools and Cburoh of England Schools. He said : "I have always regarded, and do still rogard, religious educa tion in our Church of England schools as of tho greatest value to tho child and to the state. The defects of the public school system may, to a certain extent, be met and applied by such voluntary efforts as we are preparing to make in this dioceBe ; but the absence of prayer, the exclusion of the Scriptures as a book to be read and explained by the teacher, and tbo entire separation of tho religions from the Beoular instruction, are very grave omis sions. In a well-conducted Church of England school, tho proceedings commence with a hymn and prayer, the Bible is the first book 1 read, religious instruction is given by the teacher or the clergyman whoso influence is on the side of order, reverence, and submis sion to authority. Tho relative duties are enforced cpon tho basis of the fear of God, _ 1 I I t mm a £ PL M L HI I— A - 1 A Jk MA A M BV fl li All Qua in© lovo ui vuriav xudiu mo ujauj ouvu schools in this diocese. There are many i persons in this country who owe all their ' hopes of Heaven, as well as their well-being i in life, to the principles inculcated by the olergy in Cburoh of England schools. Can it ba a matter of wonder that we should be un willing to exchange those seminaries of sonnd and religious knowledge for prayerless, > scriptureless, secular schools ? . . I shall novor cease to oppose the abandonment of our own Church of England schools, and shall always regard such an act as a misfortune where inevitable, and extremely mischievous nt the present juncture Education, to deserve the name, should be ol tho whole man — body, soul, aud spirit. And as I believe that we of the Chnrch of England in this colony are io a position to tx-ain up good citizens, intelligent Christians, and attached members of our own communion by means of our own schools, I feel hound by every tie of patriotism, Christianity, and ohurclimanship, to maintain these schools in existence aud increased efficiency." Ponder, now, upon the abovo solotnn words. Draw out in your own intelligence the picture thoy represent of the two systems of education, and you will then understand how keen is tho feeling of soi'ious, order-loving men, with regard to prayerless, scriptureless, secular schools, and how deoply they prizo that education which deals with the whole man, and which alono is worthy of the namo of education. No stronger words have yet been uttered in support of denominational education than these words of the president — words with which the Synod expressed its formal satis faction — "I feel bound by every tie of patriotism, Christianity, and churchmanship, to maintain these schools in existence and increased efficiency." If religion in this colony were confined to that professed by the Church of England, there would bo little difficulty in providing public schools with all the l-equiromouts which would satisfy tho leadors of thai church. But Biich is not the case. Catholics object to tho Protestant Bible, whether mutilated or nut. Secularists object to both prayer and religious instruction in public schools ; Jbwb do n it believe iu Christ's diviuity, or in tho inspira tion of the New Testament ; Unitarians deny the personality of tho Holy Ghost; Rational ists the inspiration of both Testaments ; nnd Nothingarians, the existence of Almighty God. With such glaring fundamental con tradictions, one section of tho community cannot legislate for the other as to what religion should be taught in public schools. In fact, where there are many creeds, the attempt to find such modicum of religion as will please all creeds, has always failed, and will always fail. "What we call 'the religious difficulty,'" says Eraser, "emerges where the population is divided between Catholics aiid Protestants, and where the children in the schools are mixed in a similar way. In such cases, as we have found almost everywhere else, religious instruction gooB to the wall. The susceptibilities both of parents and of Beets oa this point are so keen, that, to a< avoid offences, that braaoh of the teaohing i« ii abandoned altogether. Mixed schools, with p religions instruction occupying a definite t place iu tboir programme, aro phenomena s hardly to bo met with on the American c continent. No compromise and no compre- c hension have yet been discovered sufficiently j skilful to appease, or sufficiently tolerant to t ombrace the mutual jealousies of Christian ( communities. It was so in the United States ; ! it was so, though less prominently, iu Upper < Canada ; it is so, though iu still smaller i proportions, here. It looks almost like a law ( of human nature that it shall be so every where." ' Lord Shaftesbury brought out the rationale of this very forcibly, when he said " he would imagine a oase which might easily occur. He would imagine three children sitting side by side, one a member of the Churoh of Eog- and, another a child of Sooiuian parents, the third a child born of Jewish parents. Let tbsse three ohildren read together in school, during the time of general instruction, Borne particular portion of the Bible, suppose the fifty-third chapter of Isaiah. Let those ohild ren be taken away immediately after, for the purpose of special instruction, each from his own minister. What would be the effect on the minds of those throe ohildren ? The child of the Church of England would learn the great, necessary, and saving truth, in which niue-tenths of the community agree. The Socinian child would be taught that what the Church of England ohild believed was most gross error, and that the person to whom the prophecy referred was, in fact, no better than a mere man. And the Jewish child would be taught to believe that the , whole thing, from first to last, was an ab solute imposition. It was impossible that i these children oonld think auv belief estab- lished or oertaiu. The result wcnld be universal scepticism, or a universal belief that there was nothing necessary — nothiog certain." Suppose, instead of these three children being " taken away " for speoial religious in struction, that they wore oonduoted into three separate olabs-rooms nnder the same roof and taught three opposite doctrines on a funda mental point of Christianity, would they not immediately after compare notes — and draw their own inevitable conclusions ? Would not the evil referred to by Lord Shaftesbury be intensified, and would not the seeds of scepticism be sown P Rnt it mav be said that this method of edncation if it weaken faith will do away with " bitterness" and "sectarian animosity." We believe this method will indefinitely increase such an evil. And our opinion is confirmed by a solemn and formal utterance of tho olergy of the Anglican Church. In their " memorandum," published by our leading newspaper, October 11, 1866, we find the following weighty declaration upon this most important subjeet. "It iB alleged," they say, " that the Bill recognises the necessity of religious instruction, and secures ample scope for it. But while we accept the admission of the necessity of religions instruction, we are firmly persuaded that tho proposed arrange ment for its being imparted will be fonud impracticable; and if attempted will provo far more productive of sectarian jealousy aud animosity than the system nnder which onr schools aro at present conducted." William M. Cowper. Percy J. Smith. William Stack. E. M. Salixiere. Edward Rogers. W. J. Gunthep.. A. H. Stephen. G. H. Moretox. H. S. King. Thomas O'Reilly. Thomas Hayden. G. Vidal. Thomas Smith. ia tirt flnnlif tli ft f. in ftfrtnni'tinn ft? ?differential!! and infidelity increase in that very same proportion christian charity will diminish ; for none are so bitter or so tyrannical as men who aro free from those rostraints on anger and ill-will which are the absolute creation of the Christian dispensa tion. Indeed, those thirteen Anglican clergy men, iu their memorandum, give expression to their profound objection to tbo present system iu the following words : — " We desire," they say, "to have a sufficient guarantee that tbo character and principles of the teachers in onr schools are such as we can approve and havo confidence in, that the schools in which tho children of our people aro taught should have the benefit of our influence, our aid, aud our supervision." "Wo are at a loss," they say, with admirable boldness, " to imagine on what principle it is assumed that the State has a mission to eduoate tho children of the people in reading, writing, aud arithmetic, and tho like, and thero to stop short — refusing to aid iu imparting to the youthful miud those principles , f Christi anity whioh are the foundation of publio morality and conduce most of all to peace, righteousness, good order, and good govern ment." But apart from this, to attempt the im- pi'acticablo in " prayerless, scriptureless, secular schools," with the conviction that such an attempt will issue in far more sectariau jealousy and animosity than over, is more than discouraging, it is absolutely dishearten ing. Such a position, as is implied by this, is as unbearable as it is untenable ; and we may say broadly, without much fear of con tradiction, that, as a body, tho Church of Eng land in New South Wales, is ill at ease, aud must bo so, under the present condition nf affairs. Tho Catholio Church has spoken out too clearly and omphatioally to be misunder stood. Thus the two churches would hail a chango for the bettor with doligbt. Aidod to thoso wo have that vigorous party which advocates secular, compulsory, and free educa tion tis opposed to the present system. Suro!y at least 75 per cent, of the nation is dissatisfied with things as they are? Now, how c in that be called a National Svstem uf E m -it .ion which goes against the grain ot the majority of the nation ? It is rather a Sectional System which the nation has adopted for the "time. What is not based ? pon eveuhaiided justice is based upon unrest. What is not in equilibrium will not maintain its abnormal position long. Statesmen who build their reputation upon a scheme which is not perfectly equitable all round, especially in matter's touching upon such a vital question as religion, aro building their reputation on the sand. Justice alone endures, and, like water, will find the level of perfeot equity aud equality. There aro two powerful churches in the land; yon cannot ignore them and legislate as if they did not exist. Yon havo a strong party in favour of public schools as they are, let that party have such schools ; i you have others who wish for absolute i secularism,, lot their conscience be respected, i Why' hot exchange our "present narrow and actional aystam for a national one, and take 1 1 ?to account, and not ignore, the great | i lowers that yon are bonnd to deal with, and I 1 reat all equally and alike ? A national ' ystem is that which fits in with the main < iharacteristics of the nation ; it does not ' tonsist in beating all differenoes flat with the 1 jround, but iu respecting essential differences xnd in legislating for them. Where tho Jatholio and the Protestant, tho Jew and the Secularist, feel that they can educate their xhildren under the full influence of their respective creeds ; whore they feel that no one amongst them is more favoured ia any respect than the other ; where each receives equal help, after paying equal taxes, and all the ohildreu are grounded at school iu tho toachiuga of their fathers ; where the main masses of the oommunity are hence at peace regarding the education question — there is to be found, withont dispute, a national Bystem of education. In Amorica, in Victoria, and in New South Wales, tho system is sectional not National. Thero is no equality. One portion of the nation is keeping the other down. Hero the system is sectional in the extreme. It is the very reverse of National. Nor can it remain as it is. Time must change it. Justice will find her place. Then tho secularist and the uon-conformist will havo no reason to complain, unless they wish to force their yoke on the neoks of others. The Catholio will not be jealous of the Anglican, nor the Jew of either — all will feel that, whilst they are bringing np their children in schools filled with the spirit of their espeoial oreed, thoy ore, at the same time, equally assisted by the State for secnlar instruction, as tested by Government inspectors. Thns, both science and religion will prosper. A slur will be cast on neither. One man will not unweave what another man has weaved under the same roof ; and children will grow up with some respect for a roligion and morality, which they found, from their early infancy, so tenderly guarded. Our present " publio Bchools " would thus no longer be, as they are now, practically, the schools of a sec tion of the community, paid for by the nation ; they would take their place iu the ranks with others, aud be treated exaotly as tho rost. This would not be retui'ning to Denomina- tionalism, but it would bo equalising it. To all intents and purposes public sohools are strictly denominational sohools. Certain sec tions believe in them, and use them : the rest do not believe in them, and will not use them, if they eau help it, though they have to pay for them. To call a sohool " public " doeB not make it a publio school. A thing oan be called by any name. A pnblio school is that to which the nation can, in good conscience, send its children irrespective of creed. With our public schools this is not the case. There fore, they are not publio sohools, but private schools, or schools of a seotion, paid for by the public. Let the public pay, not for the schools of one Bection but for the schools of all sections, according to secnlar results. Then eduo&tion; wonld be national, and each section of which the nation is composed wonld receive, in matters of education and roligion, exactly the same treatment as the other. Tbas the various powers in the body politic would add strength to the whole. In place of a principal of wrench iand dislocation, as wo have at present, we should rejoice in a principal of noity and in a bond of brother hood, which would render tbo nation strong and happy, because contented ; and the cease less cry for justice and equality would give way to mutual congratulations. We could not imagine any fame more to be envied than that of legislators who, seeing the present condition of affairs, should apply their ex perience and their genius to remedy ; it : and who. aiminer at even-handed iustico. should deal it ont with a strong and loving hand equally to all the people of the laud. Such men would leave lasting names, for their names would be inextricably interwoven with that of justice, which is imperishable. True, tho nation, by its representatives, has, for the moment, adopted the present system ; but a system is not necessarily National be cause the nation has adopted it ; otherwise, oven tho most sectarian system, provided one nation had adopted it, would bo equally national with ono eminently tho l-ovorse, which had been adopted by another nation. No ! National means embracing fairly and equitably all tho onita of which the nation is composed, and punishing none, making " political slaves " of none, on nccount of their conscientious religious principals. Things may be worso before thoy aro better; but the day will come wnen justice . aud fair play will triumph in this land : whon great bodies of Christians, who uow seem linlf asleep, will bestir themselves ; and whon the nation will reject this wretched See- tionalism, and give happiness and poaco to every honest man, by adopting in its plaeo a genuine system of National education. Meanwhile, " If it be possible, as much as iu yon, have peace with all men. Not revenging yourselves ; but give place unto wrath for it is written : Revenge to me ; 1 will repay, saith tho Lord. Bnt if the enemy be hungry, give him to eat ; if he thirst givo him to drink. For, doing this, thou Bhalt heap coals of fire upon bis head. Be not overcome by evil, but ovorcome evil by good." 1 Given at Sydney, and appointed to be road in all churohes and chapels of the Archdiocoso of Svdnev, cn Sunday, October 12, 1879 \+ ROGER BEDE. Archbishop op Sydney and Metropolitan. 1 Romans, chap., xll., xs, It), 20, 21. 