AN AUTHENTIC GHOST STORY. [BY RAMBLER.] One would think that the old world tales and traditions of ghosts, fairies, warlocks, banshees, and other relics of spirit land, would find anything but implicit belief in our rational and practical Australian clime, but I have met with instances in my rambles of many dare-devil Australian youths who had as much superstitious dread of anything approaching the supernatural as a binckfellow has of the "devil-devil." I have known young fellows, who would have faced "old Solferina" himself at noon day, make a de- tour of miles. rather than pass by a cemetery on a dark night, and some even who would not knowingly sleep in a room where a man had died for all the wealth of the Roths- childs. A circumstance occurred on a sta- tion in the "back tracks," not many months ago, by which a very promising young man was nearly having his intellectual faculties irreparably injured through a fright from a telephone. This young man, whose name was Joseph—he has another name now—was not quite so unsophisticated as the individual who rejected the addresses of Potiphar's wife. On the contrary, he was a gushing, frolic- some, and fearless youth, who had a most profound veneration for the daring exploits of Ben Hall, Thunderbolt, and Jack Dow- ling. The latter gentleman is immortalised in one of our bush lyrics, which describes his parentage, his wild career, and his un- timely and lamentable death at the hands of the police ; and Joseph sung of his deeds at the shearing shed, at the bushman's hut, at the camp-fire ; and, in fact, on every con- ceivable occasion. Now Joseph arrived at the station in the back tracks, before re- ferred to, one fine evening, as the sun was setting behind the belt of bendee scrub which stretched away to the western horizon, and was treated most hospitably by the occupants. They were mustering cattle for market, and Joseph got an engagement as drover, and was soon installed as one of the crowd. His abilities as a vocalist, and his tales of travel and adventure on the Murrumbidgee, Lach- lan, and Bogan, soon caused him to become very popular with the boys on the station. He used to regale them, on various occasions, with the adventures of the "Wild colonial boy, Jack Dowling was his name," but the ditty began to become monotonous from con- stant repetition, and it was resolved that steps should be taken to stop it. One of the young men, who was of a scientific disposi- tion, had manufactured on impromptu tele- phone by connecting two jam tins with a piece of fine copper wire, and he determined to try its effects on Joseph's nerves after they had retired to rest. Joseph occupied a bunk in a hut at some distance from where the others slept and he was the sole occupant of the tenement. Some time after dark the scientific young man adjusted his apparatus, and soon established telephonic communica- tion with the domicile wherein Joseph slept. Previous to retiring to rest, some talk of ghost yarns had been indulged in round the camp fire by some of the imaginative young men of the party, and though Joseph lis- tened with an outward appearance of incre- dulity to the authentic accounts of how "Dick the Devil" was seen frequently clios- ing renibhei-s on moonlight utghte through the lien-leos 'wlicrii he broke Ida nick two years, ngo, arid' hole Jim Bviggs, who was drowned in the quiekssnds of tlio u top cros sing," whilu --ilteniptiuir to run a refractory- bullouk into tho mob, was often set-u repeat ing tlio pcrforniaiicu,' -yet though lie pro claimed these ku|ieriinfural' appearances as phantoms' of imaginatidn arid' no- better than old v.-oiiiqii's . yqrns, his, lioyvons system was slightly uiistriingj anil lie retired to. rest with a sensation of Something: like fear- ol' an inuomprchcnsiklo. ohjyct weighing on his spirits.', Ho Avim just dropping off to steep when « peculiarly- Avoird sound seemed to fill the room. Ho started out of bed, struck a. match, Und iiad >a good look .about, but saw nothing; and he went to 'bed again under the impression that" ho must have been dreaming. -He yra3 again quietly composing himself for' a - comfortable sleep, when a solemn voiao, in alarmingly, distinct tones, addressed him as follows t-i" Rash and in considerate mortal ! You have scoffed at and jibed the inystoriouB workings of the spirit world ; you.havo.snoered at the idea ef its shadowy inhabitants revisiting the Btencs of their pilgrimage on your gross earth, and a repetition of your scoffs, and jibes, and mocking sneors will effectually seal your doom) , I am tbe shade of that Jack Bowl ing .whose namo has boon so often dragged through tho portals of your rinlmlloAvcd lips, juul tho praises of -whoso ungodly career in ( your Avietohed world has boen. so. loudly trumpotod throughout tho land, by you anil and doggrel rhyme I "Why can'tiyou let uio rest peacefully in my grave? Know yon that whenover my name is spokon, or my praises chanted," I have to enact the dreadful doath scene, \vhioh closed my earthly career, over again, and havo to feel tho sharp mugs of tho death-dealing bullets of three phan tom policemen. I havo followed you from Cudgellioo to this outlandish part of the country to Avarn you -of your indiscretion, and woe botido you if. you do not heed my caution I" 1 Poor Josoph listened spell-hounJ to the remarks of his shadowy A'isitor. His hair stood on end ; the cold dow of intense horror oozed from his shivering' fraino;' lit Avas unnblo t'o movo" a tnusclo ; but-, when the dreadful voice ceoscd'tho-apell -which bound him avos removed, and ho juriiped.ont uf bed, ran to tlio abode' of tbo 'other '-uien,- yolling like ono . jibssessed, and" fell fainting on the floor. Ho had a series oWiun'.ing fits 'ilui'ilg that riiglit, nod did not quito recover !i's equilibrium for more than a week after. U ' lias novcr ovon breathed tho namo of tk galfant J ack Dowling since -that "mentor.'1-0 night, and always speaks of ghosts, goblins, and othor apparitions in torms of tho iiigln'5' respect. A son of n journalist nt Orango (ivVs Uudgee Independent) slipped in the mud an' broke liis tbigb-bouo so closo to the hip-j0111, that there are doubts of tho practicability o. setting the limb. What a load of gn'" ,u.u,t. rest upon the souls of tho mumc'l1?1 authorities for allowing the streets to be " so slippery u condition. .. . 