Tasmania. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] May 19. The Legislative Assembly have declined to accept the amendments made in the Apples tion Bill by the Legislative Council. A correspondent, writing from Wittown on May 7, says-The Thompson river is still a banker in fact, in parts of it one cannot get within a mile of it. There are several teams stuck upon this side loaded far out west, and are likely now to remain there for the next seven or eight weeks, Retorts for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock yesterday morning show that the weather had been fine throughout the whole colony, besides which there appear to have been no frosts. The afternoon reports indicate a continuance of fine weather up to 3 o'clock, and give no sign of change. New South Wales stations all report fine weather. The attendance at " Carlton's Ghost" entertainment in the old School of Arts last night was as good as usual. There was a change of programme, several new songs and new " illusions having been introduced, The performance will be repeated to-night. Patrick Shine, of Toowoomba, store, keeper, was yesterday adjudged insolvent upon his own petition. The first meeting of Creditors in the estate was fixed for May 27, the usual statement of liabilities, c, to be filed by the 23rd. In the debate in the House of Commons on the Zulu war, mention was made (says the Home News) of Major-General the hon. H. H. Clifford as the probable Commander-in-chief of Her Majesty's forces in Zululand in the not remote future. General Clifford's experience is great. He was at the battle of Boer Plants in IS 18, and served in the Kaffir war of 1852-3, being re warded for his services then with medal. Reserved in the Eastern campaign of 1859 5 as aide-de- camp to Major-General Buller, and on the return of that officer to England from ill-health was made deputy-assistant quartermaster-general on the staff of the Light Division till the termination of the campaign, receiving the medal with Clasps, the brevet of major, the distinction of the Victoria Cross, the knighthood of the Legion , of Honor, the decoration of the Fifth Class of the Medindie, and the Turkish medal. He was appointed assistant quartermaster-general to the China Expeditionary Force in March, 1857, and Was present as head of department at the operations before and at the taking of Canton in December, 1857, and January, 1858, for which he was awarded the brevet of lieutenant-colonel, and also a medal with clasps. If it may be asked General Clifford is the destined successor Of Lord Chelmsford, why not announce the fact, and let his lordship know at once that he is superseded? To this question the obvious answer is that to have intimated his recall to Lord Chelmsford before his successor had arrived would have been to paralyse his authority and jeopardise our chances in the campaign. The probability is that General Clifford carries with him sealed orders to be opened only when Lord Chelmsford's head-quarters are reached. Referring to the coming International Exhibition the Journal of Commerce, of San Francisco, says c-The great Industrial Exhibition to be held at the city of Sydney affords us a splendid opportunity to become acquainted with our neighbors of the South, and to increase our commerce in that direction as much as it is capable of being increased. In many respects the Australian colonies resemble the Pacific coast. More attention is and has been paid to mining, agriculture and pastoral pursuits than to manufactures, and the masses do not in either country really know what their capacities in that direction are. Like California, Oregon, ka., who im- port most of their manufactured goods from the East, Australia and New Zealand have hitherto imported most of their manufactured goods from Great Britain. It is manifest that situated as we now are-importers of all, or nearly all, leading manufactured goods-we could not well supply them to the Australians at less prices than England or the East. In some instances, however, we could. We have examined with considerable care an elaborate table of exports from New York and Boston to the various Australian colonies, published in the American Ex- port Journal. One of the leading articles is lumber. In 1878 the exports of lumber and other articles to the various colonies were as follow Lumber, 3,96,0 78ft; laths, 553,000 ; brooms, 494 cases ; canned milk, 470 cases ; chairs, cases, 26,998 ; clothes-pins, 17,933 boxes ; carriage materials, 4139 packages ; doors, 12,501 ; dried apples, 3836 packages; maizena, 8500 boxes; oils, 286,605 cases; pails, 328dozen; plaster, 6864 barrels ; sugar, 280 cases ; tubs, 429 nests ; woodenware, 1869 packages. This forms only a small proportion of the articles shipped, but it includes all that are or might be manufactured here. It is noteworthy of remark that there is a considerable falling off in many articles when compared with previous years. During the present year the people have started well again in the race and are shipping heavily. Now there is not one of the articles mentioned above which we could not supply as cheaply as the East. To them we may add coffees, hams, paints, bacon and lard, furniture in general, cigars, and various other articles. Our wines would make for themselves a warm welcome before they had been offered to the Australians for long, while our barley seems to be indispensable to them, our salmon belonging to the same category. Hops and canned fruit have been shipped there, the former largely, the latter less so. The table gives shipments to Adelaide, South Australia, and Queensland ; with the former colony we have no trade, with the latter very little. ' The advent of the world's fair will, however, enable us to understand one another better, and thus see what are those products or manufactured goods which it would be profitable for us to ex- change," Du. Stanton arrived in Mackay at 8 a.m, on Saturday, May 3 (says the Bulletin J and was received by a large assemblage of people, amongst whom were the Rev. A. A Maclaren, rector, and the reception committee. At 11 o'clock a thanks- giving service was held for the safe arrival of the Bishop, the church being tastefully decorated with ferns, palms, and flowers, A suitable address was afterwards read and presented to his lordship by Captain Goodall, the rector's warden. In reply he expressed his hearty thanks and sincere appreciation of the welcome that had been given him on his arrival in the new diocese. The tenor of the Bishop's reply was very similar to his discourses in Rockhampton, and he concluded by hoping that the bond between the diocese and himself would be a channel of mutual blessing, and that the sun that shone so brightly fanned by the fresh Bea breeze might be emblematic of the Sun of Righteousness, shedding light and joy, and of the Holy Spirit, breathing new impulse upon the Church in Northern Queensland. At the service on Sunday, May 4, the rite of confirmation was administered. The Bishop preached in the afternoon, and in the course of his sermon remarked that some of his people might say that the formation of this part of the colony into a separate diocese was premature, and this was true, if they looked upon him as a mediaeval princely Bishop. But he came amongst them not in that position, but as a Bishop of the nineteenth century ; one who would as far as lieth in him be a most sincere friend and brother to his clergy ; one who would be ever ready to listen to their wants and difficulties, and to give them advice and assistance. He would, in fact, be to them a Bishop in the truest sense. And to the laity, he would be always ready to confer and co-operate with them in everything that would tend to advance the interests of the Mother Church-the grand old Church of England and the general well-being of everything connected With the advancement of this colony, one of the many daughters of our distant mother-country. The foundation stone of Trinity Church was laid on Saturday afternoon, May 10, when, as we have been informed by telegram, £80 was collected. The report of the state of the Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo, for the week ending May 18 is as far as? :~Iu the house at last report 235 males 156 females ; since admitted, 2 males. In the Ipswich Branch Asylum, 50 males ; total, 467. 