Annual Meeting , of the Mur rurundi Branch of the B. and F. Bible Society. On Tuesday week Inst the Bniiual meeting of the Murrurnndi Branch of the Mnitlnml Auxiliary of the British ftnil Fnrcifin Bilile Society ???? held in tlm School of Arts. Unfortunately the weather, which during , tho dny had givon promiso of continuing Gn?, changed toward* evening, end tho rain fell in torrents, the ronris nnd streets were mmlerod almost impaxsnblo ; and many who would hnvc been present at tho meeting , woro thus unfortunately deterred. Notwithntnnding tho iinpro pitionsnesa of the evening, a goodly numbor of those interested in tho proceedings assembled, ami with all honour to them let it lie nddid (hnt tl>o ladies were decidedly in the mujorily. Over eighty persons woro present—nrid there ix no douht that (lie hall would Imvo Wen filled to overflowing hnd the wcntbor been favourable. A new fpntnrc has this year liecn introduced into tlio Bible ' Society's (tunnel mceiiiii;, namely, a service of music. Mr. Iticlinrclvnn, nnd a number of lndy and gontlcmon vocalists, very kindly ga,?c thoir services to nssist in making the meeting iittrnc livo, liy forming n choir, and rendering in a most efficient manner several anthem* during tho evening. Thin innovation, ?s it may ho termed, wan n marked Riiccess, nnd it is to bo hopod that the. cora rnitteo may be ns fortunate next annual meeting in socuring tho aevislimco of the some choir. At about a quarter to eight o'clock, hie Honor Judge Moyniott took the chair, and w?b accompanied on tho platform by tho Rev. Q. G. Howilen, tho Rpv. J. Shaw, Key. J. I). W..tkin, Key. V, r . Marshall, Mr. T. B. Porry (Treasurer), and Mr. T. B. Boycn (Secretary.) Mr. Riohardson having in a masterly manner rendered a most beautiful intro ductory voluntary on Iho harmonium, viz., "Stray Thoughts, ,, bj Henry Farmer, tho Rev. W. Marshall rend a portion of Scripture, and offered up prayer. Tho Chairman then addressed tho audience, and said it was much to bo ro grclted that the afternoon hnd turned out bo unfavorable, otherwise had thi? weather been fine they ehould havo had tho room crowded to cxcobp, on account of tho nature of tho meeting which: they were holding. Novorthele?H it waa very credit able to Bee that co many had como out despite the inclement state of the weather; not only gentlemen but also a large num ber of ladies. But thin was imt to bo wondered at, for ho always found thnt wberever good work wu to be done the ladiee were nlwayn willing to participate therein. (Applause.) Ho was not accustomed to take the chair at public meetings, Mtcopt those in which he was professionally engaged. lie was not very well tup in motions and and the other formalities vend at public meetings. Nevertheless ho felt very mncli honoured by being asked to take tho chair on that occasion ; lie could not refuse on account of tho object cif tho meeting. It wan a meeting of Iho British and Foreign Biblo Society, than which there was not a moro splendid society in the world. (Applause.) There were many excellent societies, but ho did not think that there was any ono of them which could come up to that Society. Briti?h and Foreign I—now whet did that mean ? Foreign as allied to the word British meant all tho rest of tho world, ?nd ho believed it was called British and * oreign because it was established first in ?fc-nglaud. It was tho largest ROcioty in existence. Hβ imagined from the last re port, which was tho 74tli, that the society lied been established 75 years. If that wbb the case, the socioty had been born four ye nre before himsolf, nnd lie only wished that ho could satisfy himsolf that Ho individually had dono ax much good as that grand society. Tho society during its long life had been tho means of doiug a great amount of good, and why ? Becauso Us object was so grand. The object of the society was the planting ?nd propo rtion O f lho Bib)e| the Word of Godi £?erytl,jnK in this life emanates from ?od. There ???? not an action of our iveH, not a thought entertained, not n blessing enjoyed, not a sorrow- rndurftd, l, ut emanated from God, and if they urned m t ) le Biblli , h( . y woll]l i fi,,,] tlint "io counterpart of everything could bo "?<"! ?f in the Holy Scriptures. He had M iv'i' 1 * worii P'nnt'ng <I'o Bible, and ?io iiible was superior to any ether plunt; ><? would take root everywhere, in overy l'?t of the world, in evury climatt, mil and influence of temperature. Well the planting aud propngatiug of this Holy AVord were the objects of the British anil Foreign. Bible Society. And lo show how willing, how. en refill, and how diligent this society had been in their capacity of Bible "nrdeners (if he could use nucli an expression) he would, refer to the book before him (.Society's Report). The Bible had been- trnntdntcd iiito 225 language* and dialects. TlioiiKnudx, and in some ensee. even millions of people" speak only oni) laiigmico, nnd ho would leave it to his hearers to calculate for themselves the myriads of persons who receive tho divine message that our Rn'riour gHvo to lv's dis ciples when Ho snid, ? Go forth unto ?1I nations, baptising, them in the name of tlie-Fnlhcr. of the Son, an.l of tho n?>ly Ghost. , They .had met there to hear sonio retnnrks from tho gentlemen present in regard to the prosiress of the soiiety, and ho w?. s.trn that all -would spend a very, profitable evening. (Applsuse. Tie hnd noiv to ask the Hon.- Secretary to rend hii report. , Mr. Bnyco (Secretaryl thon cAme. for ward and r<!t\ti the following report :— Ilrport of Hit Mnrnmmm llranrh of the ... Muittand Auxiliary of the Jiritith and '?? Ftircign Uible Society. ' .' I£is now seventeen years sine.' a branch of.the British and Foreign Bible. Socictv wne formed in this town. . During those 'years numerous changes ), a ve Liken place,' and rnnnv iiersnns who f>ot an active part in cstnblishing the Society., nml nftcrwnrds in nsslsHnc to make it cff.clive. have eifher pns?eii awny to receive tho final rewnrd of nil good works iloiie on the earth, or linre rcmovcil to other ~districls wbere they nre in endenvoiirinpto.sjirend.thekiiowl.'dce of the Scriptures nmonpst those nround them. The pnst year hni been singuVarly fraught with chniipes to this Society— ci.iefly the broupht about by the extension n'f ' tl"c rail way furtlier Inlnnd. Six of the members of the Committee eleclell nt the List nnrnial mcclinc; hnvc left ns. en tlint the rcmainint; few. in-order to prevent a consiilerable decreafc in the past year's collection*, hnd to display n proportionately grentor amount of energy. When the depressed'atate of the district is considered, together with tlio spnrse pnpnlntinn there is now' to nperatc upon, it will be seen thnt tbe'Committeelmd n work of some diflienlly Iwforo them, Tlicv have, however, thanks to the untiring nnd kindly aFsistnnce of several lndy collectors, been enabled to' conic before this mve'ting to- nieht with, a balnncn-plicet that will compare more thnn fnvornblv with thtfse of former yenrs, nn<l nllow of £30 being sent ns this yrnr's (tonntion to the funds of the. parent Society—this nmoont beintr £10 in excess of the two previous years' offerings, nnd £r, moro thnn thnt. of 1870. In addition to this, nn account whi.-h hnd been standinjr unsettled for three yenrs, amounting to £4 fis. Oil., [ins been liqii'tlnlcd. thus making the contributions, for this district, for thu jvihl vcrir. nrootint tn tno iv?protnlilc kuth of £31 h's. nd., without reckoning the bnlnticc. of £4 in hnnd. There is, therefore, finnucially speaking, a tolerably plcnsnnl out- look— whilst, there is nn nsfiiirauce of continue , ', if not increased snccc?'t. in the future,—oh ncrnnut of the fettling nrcongst us of several gentlemen, whom it. is expected will tnke n worm interest in the Society's opera- Tour Committee lmvo to report that the number of lliblcs in the Depository is much reduced, owing to the subject not being brought under tlx- ir notice until very Tecentlr. They would urpe upon their successors in oflh-e the dosirnbilitv of renlenishing the stock without deluy." No Bibles lmve been sold during the year, doubtless owing to tho limited supply on Since the Inst snunnl meeting the Com niitlort have held four meetings—the. nttondnnce nt which has been ns follows :— A. nroilie 2. T. Ti. Terry 4. V. O. Fiyrnes 2. T. ?. lioyco 4. ,1. S. Arnoll 1, H. Ktewnrt 3, .T. Mcnics 2, M. T. Itobson 1. tho Key. J. B. Wntkin 1, nml the Itev. \V. Marshall l>. It will be observed that two of thn gentlemen just mentioned hnve left the district, nnd thnt the funr last named nre m-w arrivals, which will aeenunl for their few nttendanccs. Durinir the previous year only one Com mittee mcclinir wns held. The instillation of (jreater life into thn Kociutv's operations ims Ijcch tlit! sourco of much anxiety to your Committee, and with this end in view they made nn effort to collect qunrtcrlr contributions, thinking that there were." mnny parsons who would willingly cive n trifling sum p.r quarter, if called upon. Several Indies w.-re written to soliciting their aid. but only fire responded and collected ?üb?cri|>tions. This move ment, however, your C'ommittco liclieves, only requires a further trinl to liecome suc cessful. Another uintter also supgcetc<l itself^—thnt of trying to render our annual meetings more attractive to the general public—and generally less monotonous—by tho introduction of some snered music. You will have an opportunity to-night of wit nesninE the effect of the change, and tr.nrk ing whether it will be desirable to coiUinne it, provided (hat kind Indies nnd gentlemen can be prevailed upon to supply it oh future occasions, a? they are generously doing on this. 'In conclusion, your Committee feel grate ful to the Father of Mercies for the lnrgo measure of success with which He has crowned their humble offorts to aisist in the dissemination of ITis Holy Word, aud they would strongly urge upon all Christian people tho cosmopolitan nnture of the parent fiocictv'e Hctions, and the untold good that a small "contribution to its funds may be the means of conferring upon those not so highly favoured with Christian influences rut thciosolveii. \Vh't?(*v<-r he*?th, tihout, nlinnt the R"tlnd, Ser.i) th? bli'.i.'.t tiding M the wiirlil around, Spr.,?<l the Joyful DOM olieruver lu?n Is f>und. Mr. T. B. Perry (Treasurer) then read. the financial statement for tho pner t welvu months. The Honorary Trcmurrr in nceiiuntrcHh'tlie MurrurunJi Branch of the Hunter Hirer Auxiliary to the JJritijh anil Jtorcign Bible iiocicty. Hβ wiiihod to eny a few worde in regard to soma of thu items in the tlott- iuent junt read. - They would notice one item, thu collection nmdo by himself of Gh. 3d. in a box. At tho commencement of tlic venr it Imn in*cii si)££GStc<l tltnt. every member should start what wax called a cigar box. Ho hud started it himxelf, and had on!}- got in G?. 3d. Bui if every member of tho Committee had but col lected the. Hunm ?n>nll sum thny would hav?> bad a total of £3 1G?. to hnnd over to the society, fApplause). Kow he would like lo sngguHt that the incoming Conmiitteo should provide ihemsolves with hoxee of !his kmii, and )iu had n<. doubt that ninny coins would find Ihoir way into them, and would ndil very , mucii lo their coffer*. They would observe that a snm of £4 5?. 0,1. had boon paid to the Maitland depository. Now, (hat account had burn BijiuiliiiJ nvor for thrco yearn when the present Committee took of?co, consequently thoy pniil the nccount an they did not like to bo in debt. Had that account linen paid ?t the proper lime the present Committee would bnve hail h Inrger balance to Hciid doivn at ibii an nual nieetinp. If they took into con sideration that two nr'threc * yenrn *go, when Mnrriiruiidi was a railway" terminus, and ilie'v lind twico I he population they hml at pr.-Kcnt, mul (hat what tlu-v I,*]] thon donu waH far short of * what had been dono during the pn?t your, th-ey liiml consider they had done wall. With only half the population to work upon they' liii'l lion enabled In ?iid <lown £30 to tho parent eoeioly. Of courw thn Coiiiinirti'R did not lake I he credit to themselves, uikl be though! that tho bulies ?hoiilil Imvu the credit for thoir kindnvMf in Romp rontid K?ilicitini< \- cubocriptiniis. He could not paex l>y the givera who had contributed lo llio Hoi;i<-ty. Tlio largo Kiini rollected nlniwed thn't with half thn former population, imii nt h timu wlmn there was not i>o inucli money malting nn there h?d bocn in past ynar?, the p?opl? of Murrurundi were b<- Kinniug; to think of otbern ns well 08 of thcm-rlvf-K. They hnd fiiven ofthpir ine?iiH, at.d bo hn.fiio doubt tliny had f-ivuti it with tho riirht object in view, that <,f vpreadiii? Goil'h Wurd tlironf-bcuit the whole of Hie tiuivnrso. Ho thoupht lio could licit do bettor limn concluilu with Ihu liitin qiKitalion, Ttmpora mutantur, ct iios muttimur in illte. (ApplaiiHi.-.) Tim Ilov. J. U. Watkin Hii.l tlie rcHolu tion plured in luh banrls, to inovo, ???? a very brief one, nnd h? thoncht hie npnech would be in k.epinp with tho riKolcilion. Htt liH<i much |ileHMiii<* in projiiwinij ' Tlml the- Report mill Kt?teinent be adopted. . Having movr-rl ihi? roM.lution, he wnn eurf that it would meet with the wihl.c. of th,> Chnirmnn, nml with the winli of llio audiimco nl?u, if Hα wt-rc to pit down. Ho would regard it m> a very K rent brunch of manner.. lownrd? the two gentlemen who hnd nriived to ndvocnte the ulainiK of the nociuty, if he nttompted to innko n spi'ccli ; and anotho'- renmiu why he Ml Komou but iliiib was the fnot of hiH havinjf been mo long l.?ymul llio palo of eivilatinn. For thu past thirteen years ho hail been Bpenkin? a lnii K nn B e very different from Ihiit which he wiim speaking nt thn pruHcnt time. He would sny very littlo although there wax notliine po iiiHpirinfT, nnthinp thnt would innki- a prosy Hpenker eU-qm-nt more reixiily thnn a iii?etin?r of- the kind'which they were them holdinir. If nnvthinif would briii? out eloquence it wn? the Bible. TliAy miaht all meet on Hint broad pint form and ndvocnle. that. (jlori.iuH old ltrmk—the. Bible. He might tell them what tho GoK,?el had done in'foreign parts, and he muni Bny Ibnt he was pleaK<:il 'with tin; remark-K of the Ciiniriunti ? about forei?ii pi.rtf. .Ho had ju*t retiirn.-ri from the Itlnudo, mid the. K ].>ri<nis old Uible wan the pnini; iJn-y tried to pivnch ymidi-r. And ho coiil'l toll Ilium how it had raiw.l people mien hiirbnroiiH ; how it had civilised and chriHlinniiteil ihfm. U- khh happy lo see Mtirriiriindi occupvinjj ho linn.Mirnlilo 'n. place in reference" n> the Biblo Society. (ApplniisoO They all had their fnultH, but Ihty hnd their.virtues, too. There was no other Inwn in New South WiileH, not even Sydney, 'which could beat ihous in Bu'pporling tiio British niid Forc-i?ii biblo Society. They occu pied a very creditable po-ition, and though thoy were without many thiii?H which, perhaps, they ouftlit lo have, ?till they ought to bo thankful that thov .were, part and paroel of tho Hrilish rind Fnrei K n Bible Society. .(Chwrs.) " Ho lmrl much pTeamire, therefore, in moving tho adop tion of .tho Report nnd Statement. He felt'ho could Hpcnk ? liUIo longer, but he would not, it would b? bad tasto on his piirt towards .tlije two geutli-nieii if lie iirndn"n?lon>r. Knvecjt j they would go nway giving Miirriiriimli n very bad chnrnctiir, mid ho did not winh to be tho menim of injuring Ita chnriicter. fGheern.) ? Tlie-raolion wna declared to bo carried unnuilnouiiiy. The choir nnxt sn-ro an Hblo rendering of Mr. ? F. W. Ri=h?nl?on'H benulifnl nnthoio, ' Titru Thee, agnin, *O Lord, at the lnrt.' ? .????- Tho Rev.- G. G. Howden, who waa received witlinpplnuse, enid ho mum allowed t?,cnngriititlatn tliope present on the position of .their society. They hail Taimsd aworthy enntribution, denjiito the dfcreefto of. the populnlion nnd cnudry difficultios in their .way. A? be had heard tho Htateirieiit made thnt evening it occurred to him, nr a pnssiblo B..lntion of thu qticstiiiii,' of how it was th?y hnd raifidt moro dutinc; a tiino of deprcHHed trade thnn when' they hnd .? isrger pi>|>iilarion nnd a better Irsdo; apd it waa, that as far s? he could judge from circumstances tli?t they were a uniled people. Ho wan very glnd to loam that there was bucli a liberal spirit in their mid**. Tlicv pccinerl to help each other, and to work powerfully together. He was there thnt evening to nponk more especially on helmlf of the Britinh nnd Foreign Biblo Society. He u-oii.d first of all eny a few words respecting the position of the Bible nt the pre-eiit day. It bad he- en snid that tho Biblo bad loxt its influence, on society, and thoy were constantly being tnilnted with the fnct thnt all Ibouphtful men went putting the Biblo on ono side, nml were holding to the new goxpo! (might by (he sn- cnllod mon of theory nnd science. This ho denied, hnd snid thai instead r,f having loHt power it hnd gained power, nnd thousands wore looking to it rh Iho Word of God. In nothing but the Mihlo would people find the refuge which they sought, and in succeeding generations pnrents nnd children would find that their refuge from ovdry trial and tribulation would be tlmir Biblo. All iho?y who were attacked by theorists and scientific men had only to go to that prccioiM Buolc, nnd Ihey would find all tho security which they needed. Ho would just odd on this point that having made it tho bii?inese of his life to M?r<:b into thnt Boot, he b?U?Ted now, more firmly than ever, that thot Book wti the Word of God. Now a word or two ibout the Society ilsolf. They nil knew tliat public luootingH did not care for stutiutic*. ?ml therefore ho would not go very deeply into tlicin. The society hud translated tho Bible into 225 languages, mid -bail *inpo its c?aimuuecni(Uit dis tributed 82 million copies. It now *cud* out shout three million* annually, end ho would lonvo thum to cnlcolnto how niocb that was per weok, or day <ir hour, if they liked ? to do so. Tlw iiioiiev received I>.V tho Hociety la?t your * was £212,000, and they had expended £227,000, tho expenditure being tIiUH £10,000 in excess of tho income. Flo wanted them to notico tlioro was £107,000 recoivod from foreign parts, and tlnwo present baring contributed to it, ho thought they lind a right lo ask how this difiVicney ??<? I'cen brought about. Uβ would speak to them for ? short time first of oil upon thu work done in foreign parts, lie was sorry that hia friend Mr. \\\"atkin? did jiot nay mote about luh.experience in tho Inland*, and of tbn work carried on flier... H? etnted that in these island* the missionaries had a great deal of work to got over hofore they could get tho Bible imnslstod inlo tlin'nntive language. These misM..u<iries in tho first placn got hold of a lot of voting men who were dispose! to work for God. and they tnnght them how to write? and read their i>wn lnngunge, and thus in due lime one of tho OocpoU would ho translated into the Wnguago of liin island. They nl one.! sunt (he manu script of the language to ibo society nt houic. where it wan printed ini'iiodiatelv, I an<l ill" books sent buck. Thov would therefore see how the society wan made strong ?ud powerful by such missionaries a? thr-se. A very n-.'.uderful work was being carried nn in ICurnpe, espccinlly mining the Unman Catholic countries, mid it was thi.-re Hint a greut. d?al of llm liionev was spoilt. Tld society had ngents. in all tho Inrge cities in Kiiropo. in Madrid, in Rome, &c;, find tlio?<9 had to be educated gentlemen, who lnid !<? bo prepared lo confer nt any tiino with thu rule.? of the bind, and if needed, even to go into tho presence of royalty itself. ?I'liey could not live on £.10 n-yoar, they must have a fair stipend given them. They lin<i under them SI), <>r 00 colpor teurs, who were unlives of tho country where they labour, and u-lio have been converted from Komnii Catholicism to Christianity, men who- loved their niblo. ThV-o colporteurs arranged to go forth to different parts, with their knap sacks on their backs, ?>ich knapsacka containing copies of I ho Word of Cod. The Rpuakor then proceeded to narrate B<iino very interesting anecdotes, showing the fiicces. which nlwayi attended ihu spreading of God's Word by menus of these colporteur.-. Notwithstanding the I uinuv almost im=iirniounlahle diflicullirx these noblo inrn hnd t<. overcome, yul, with Ihe help of God. ihey were carrying on a great work. They distributed their hooks ac they went nl.mg, nnd thcKo ha.l in ninny in.xtnn.'es hiigli an effect upon tho people that notiu-tiiiivs half a town I would be-come CliriKtianx. The priuKtH persecuted ilicko im-u vary iniiob, but they did not deter them from cnrrviiip out their work. A R .e?t deal of ff o?.d lind been done by tho Rociety during, tho Uii?HCi.Turkii.ir war. ]n the Tiiikish nrmy nine difTt'n*nt lanj;t;nyt!rt wore ! upoken, and in the Uii??inn tifleen. This wiib it j;ri;.it oliHtarln to overcome, but the Bible Society wan equal to the occasion, an.l were, ablo to fiiiniali a Uihli. for all. (Cheera.) Thousands and tliniiHnii.l? of young men yielded to the influence! of th.;' Divine Word, in eonclu.liny, h, : Haid be would aimply ask them if they did not think ihnt tins m.ciety waHdenervinir of their sympathy, piayer.", and support. He did not need to nsk them to H ivp to this special noeiely, but he exhorted then) ahvayH to ui"vo xoiiie portion ..f their ineomo to tl.e caiiKK of God. Give it with a firm detormiiiMion to pivo it for tho glurv uf Gull. Iteuieiiiher thai in giviuir ' innn'ey for the adornment of thuir person, the lxtaulifyiu!! of their li.mf.e-, they were civine to llial which miift mioii pass a?-,iy. U,,i when they pra of th-iir muallH to ill Divine tl.iiu;* they wen; pivintj lo lint which \v..nld h\m thr/.nch all eternity. fL.nid npplanse. The uh..ir ncxi deumnd.-d th,. xttention of the aiuli-nce. The nnfliom chonen wnH " Mow IV.mtifnl mion Ihe M.iim tainP,- by R. A. Smith. ThifTine, ..Id and ?well- known nntlicm ww rendisn-cl with much r.?d inn-i.u] taUe '.v.l feeliup, and whs biijlily .ippreii-ileil by >,ll prewmj. The organ ncooiiip'iiiiment w?s performed in ? m.iMerly mnnner by Mr. ljic.-li.-inl.-oii. Tho Rvv. .John Siniw, ??!,.. ..n rising I was greeted with appla.t-.-. sii.l be whm very μ-lad t<. bo auain in their be.iulifiil villau-e : but he bail got ft very bnd cold, which ho el 1.1 he very K Ud t<. leave I liehind him, not that any on" might take t it, but tli.it he mij;ht ?M rid of ii, and boenuHe he thought a lilt)., did a per.on good. It km a very happy ihin? to see the pnoplo of MoiTiiriindi T'pr?ir. in pen.m and f.e.llin.-M : for if they would beliove iiim, it ?.i? a good :.nd a joyful thing for brethren to dwell to gether in unity. Tin Raw some proof c.f this in Ibo increased inlcrent, and proMperiiy of t.hht braucli of the auxiliary of Iho Upper Hunter, and ho did not think it could hedisplayed in a better direction llian tTint. . Tiio prp?Riit wn? ?their nnuo.al uieeling, ? and tiiry hnd come thMO to Hear of tint old, old story of iho K oed old n<".k. And .vervlhing in this xvorld, ac fsr as be knew, wAs ohl. Everything in nature >vns old ; the' mm, the innmi. the Mar,., ihe sea. the hill-., and tho plaiiiH were Mllold.' And evervlbin? in hiimnn life wnn old; joy mid sorrow were old, ?nd Immunity w'a? old itself. Yet everything in nature was alw/iVB ue?-. The nilii rising every morning, tho Htars shining out every niyht, were new, and -n was every cndeiivonr in life. .t<.y was new, and B-.rrow wat fresh ; and so it wan wit.li the old <it<ry of tho llible. and it inii;ht be ihnt on th*e prenrnt i.ceaMion it might comi! to them niiJi H . frcHlinei-n of power which migb.'. do their ' npiril. pood. They (tho deputation) hnd come there to way *?oniething -about tho nl.je.-lH of the lirilish and Foreign Bible Society, anil ||.c main object of it nil w?h the circulation of the WordofC.d. (Applnin.....) Thnt goodly volume in front of tho Chairman wae a rc.ord of the work tho society was doing, and it was crowded with many instance* similar to those of which they had heard. Th.i opemtions of the society embraced the wlw.le of thu universe, for tbero was not a e,.rn.-r of the world where thu Hocinly did not provi.b, for tho good of man. Cromwell I said, ' ?ivo mc tho tunn who hn a principle,' and it was in the Word of God that wo find good principles. Of tho groat men who were prominent in history Ihey would find tlint they nil hnd beon sustained by some guiding principle. Two of Ihogri-atertl men of the present gen eration were I'rceidenl Lincoln nnd Triiien Bismark, and it wan well known that they wero guided in all they did by religion* principles. I'crhnps thcro never was a man like Sir Henry Lnwrence, who through all the dreadful siege of. Lacfcnow, ?ni innted and atifctaiucd hie men, and hi? last word* werr— ?. ' Sotliluit In my h>ll.l I tiilnK, 2J)lnj>ljr to thy cntsi* X cjiai;. And the Inst lino on bis WmiUtono was, 'Henry Lawrence, who tried to do his duty. , ' it w?b thu Bible which sup plied men with principles of that sort. It always bad and always will, mid there was no other book that he knew or ever heard of lhat would do it. For-1800 years muu.bnd been tiying t.ifind out ?ometbicig else to put in its place. Lord Cheater field was once visiting Voltaire in I'niis, nnd Voltaire unld. ' My Lord, is not your JEnglisl. Parliament composed of men of senpe, and is not yours a great, nation ? Ho\r is it, then, thnt. you hay? not abolished tho Christian religion.' ? Well, , bo said, 'na.Foon as we find eomething better to put in ils place, we will abolish it at once. . Nothing lind over boon found l? take lliu plnco of that Book—tho Bible. There was a natural feoling in the heart of man, maUiug him . awsre that ho was mirroondod by nn in visible Power, ?nd he naturally turned and prayed l<. that Power. Now the Bible in?de all that very plain. Then: wore Rome parts of the Uibln full of per plexity, which mn?t b? accepted as mys terioun. After n long and eloquent sddross the mverond geutlemen snid ho hnd only to ssfc tbein lo bring tho grest tinlhs of the Hiblo home to thi-ir own homes, in order that through it they wight lock to .Jesus, nnd that through it they might experience ibe great change which must c>.mo, if ihey were to have, the favour .if Ood. )I? would coiiclndn with t1... simple lines, which he had heard many yenrs sgo— Onri. t..rn, dl? twin, end <ii? f..r ever; Tvlce \>nni. iiot.t dlr, ?Mil live f..r tier. I (Continued applauee.) Tl.e Rev. llr. Marshall had much pleasure in proposing ? vote of ihnnketo the Hepii tnticin for their very intoreslinir luldresirn. He hnd listened with much pleasure to Ilierery cloqnnitt nddre.-sen which Imd been given by the reverend gentlemen who formed the deputation. It hnd been Baid by a vary beautiful writer, that the Iniuipeter who Him the spirits of the troops by s, timely bln.<it, contributes as much to tho victory as the soldiers. Ihein s-lvr-H, and he doubted not but Ihnt tho stirring addresses they hnd listened to that evening, when they were published ami sent forth to the world, would havn the olToct of eheoriiig and animating the noble nnd self-denying hnnd.c.F colpor tiiurs who wore carrying the Word of (iod, which is Ihe'sword of thu spirit, into thu stronghold* of Kin nnd Satan. It wns after listening to ono of Bishop Pelwyn's elo quent appeals in tho quiet little country i church of OlVini-ton in Devonshire, in tho I Finniiicr of JB.W, Ihnl Coleridge Patterson (nfterwir-l- Itisbop of Melanesia) formed j Iho resolution of hc-oming a Mubionary ; and bidding adieu to his fond father, nil.l brothers nild sisters, he embniked wilh 1 liishop Si'lwvn for New Zfnl..iid, unci at (.lira set about the noble' an<l snluoiiH I task of trying to convert tho poor mivnges of Ihe Melaiiesinn Arc-liipolngo. Many and many a lime hnd ho lo plunge in thu wnlorb that break among the coral reefs, amid chnrks, and devil-lish, nnd stinging rays, to escaj.o tho (light of poisoned nirows, of which Ibo slightest grnxo meant donth ; and after braving nil this, he died In- the clubs of the savages, whom be had often vi-U.-.t his life to convert ..lid sav<.. Wrapped in .1 imliv,, mm, with a p.ilm frond on bis breast, bis body was placed in a ennoe, nnd sent nilrifl on the calm, blue waters of the lagoon, for bis faithful followers to mourn over, nud ! consign to the deep. And it was Itisliop Ki'hvyn'rt burning ??loiinciice iiikl blight exnmpl.-. that io.lnce.l mniiv men in New Zenlnnd (ihe. reverend gentleman him snlf nmongst tho number) lo become labourers in Oliri-t's vineyard. It wns afler bearing a Missionary address, that Henry Mai-iyn, nl><in?l..h'i?g the bright prosp'eci? Which a O?nibridi.ii Senior Wrni./rlervbip he'd ...n to him. determined to proceed to India us a Mi-si, nary. After labouring a short lime in India, be caught a fijv.-i- in (Jnwnpuru during Ilio nitenipting to cool his burning brows inuotig.t the damp boxes of his luggage, be yielded up bis gentle spirit to his i..ii.k'.r. And who enn 1.-tl. bin what there may b.- mmc indiviHiinl? in Hint ctnupanv, dr./,! liv Iho siirrinif ..p|.e?ls lli?y haw. livteoe.i to th.ii nvi-iiing. who will be in ; ib:ceil in join I be fell .dollying band, who wore at the prewnt moment engaged in earrving llm ulerii.us litrht of the Goi.pi:l of Salvali.m 11.1.. 11..- .1 .rk places of th? e.irlh. And, i.h ! if they knew the Imppiixs. Nt such a life, 1., feel tbilt till, ove >.r (in,l wns everup..ll them, Ihnl Mis favoring smite was ever ?ilh them, spurn ing every bnso .M..nf..rl. nnd the dull ccnveiilioiiHliU-H of ..very duy life, ihey would s.iz- lh" b-mir-r <.f Ihe CY.-H. and nnfurlinjr it in he..tb<-n binds, would labour until their dvii.gdiiy. The rev-rend gentleman concluded by hoping Mint tin! Population would meet with a good reception at Hemic and Mtiswellirool;, and that the ce- is., which they hnd so much ?t henrt w. ill.l be gie.ilJy ben, Hud by ll.eir able ndvocaoy. (Appbinse.) Mr. C It. KvniiH, in n Tew nppi?.it? remnrlte, wcon.led I be. re?olulion, whicli wits enrried nunniini.nslj-. The llev. ("J. O. How.len Iliatikvd Diem for the kind r.-Holution pas-.,d. He thought Hint, ns fnr as he wi.s CTicerncd, ho should thank them for nll'oid ins.: him the opportunity of visiting their buniitiful mountain village. (Appluum.) The ' To Deum l.niiditnuiH,' by W. .liickfon. ivn then given by the choir. The singing whs clesr nud liariiionii.iiH, nud reUceu-,1 ninth credit ..11 the choir. . Mr. .1 Memo.,, j,, a nent npne.-1,, pro posed, ? That 11 por.li.il vote of IhiinkH bo tendei-1 to llm Lady Collector*.nml to the reiiriiig Commitleo—and Hint tho Ollice-bearers imd C-unmiilee for llm en suing year be as follows :—President., Roy. Win. Mnrsbnll ; Trensurer, Mr. T. I! Perry; Secret .11 v. Mr. T. U. Itoyce j !)epo?it..ry, Mr. \l. T. lt..i-.., n ; Coniinit 1,., MchsVm. V. M. While, .). I. Abb..tl, (!. It. Kvnu-. C. P.. Street. .1. Monies, V. O. Hyrnes, It. Siiinrl. V. W. Itiohirdsoo, G. 1,. t:i...per, G. J. Ilo.ldle, W. H. 80w..-,!, and A. .1. TJoust.' .Mr. F. t>. fivr,,.sse,-..ri.1..d ihercsolntio/i, Slid it wns carried .iniinilii.ViiHr y . ' .Mr. Iti.hnr.is.il tlien gave an Har monium Solo, the 'Cnjiis-nnimaiii, , by Ro-sini. During the of thiH pice", ,t collection on behalf of. Ihe funds of Ihe -ocioly was tnken up. and (bo sum of ill IG-. Id. wns received. Mr. T. It. -Buyer, in a few eulogistic re-murk-, proposed 'Tbnt a hearty volt, of tb,i,l:s r,.. aec'.rde'd lo Mr. Jlichnrdson, nnd the ladies and gentlemen who bnve d..ne ?" iniicli to-night to render this nieetii/g pleii?.int. as well an profitable. , Mr. X.-Stuart seconded the motion, which w?s enrrj.-d iiiiniiimoiiMy. Mr. Kiebnrdson replied, niul thanknil the meeting for their kind expression of thanks. Tim missionary hymn, 'From Green land's icy mountains,' was sung by tho choir, to tho nine ' Amelia,' from Hymns Ancient nnd Modem, after which Tho Rev. .1. Sim* proposed 11 voto of th*nki lv the Chairman, tvhich woh K-cmjiiivl and carried mi?niw(m>ly. ? Tiio Cliairman t>rivfly replied. The K?v. Mr. Sliaw-linviiiffprtiiiuuncexl tlie bfnudiilioii,.tlio iiiuetini; Fp|>nrilti:d. It may intfrest many puraouH to know that in 1B7:I £15 was thu- nmciitit for warded as a donation, in 1874 £ % iO. 187;'. £15, 1870 £2. r >, 1877 £20, IS7B £20, tho (?reauiit year £i! 0. . . . ?? Dβ. 1878\. . £ 8. d. April—To balance in hand at Inst annual meeting 24 8 4 Collection/! at last iin- nunl meeting 2 8 8 Subscription!), collec- ted as follows for ' JS7S-9 :— 1S79. June 3—By Mm. J. W. Tobbutt and Mrs. Northcott 3 11 6 Misses C. Itrodie and C. WiKhlman 2 1 T? Mis>*ce Iiathente 1 0 0 Mrs. V. It. White cafi Mrs. G. J. Hoddle I- 0 G Miss KvnnR 1 C 0 Mr". McracK and Miss Sbort. B in C Missofl Wliittakcr and Goodwin C 10 f> Miss JUttyn 1 11 e Mi>? C. Wifrbtinnn 10 0 In Mr. Perry's lliblo Society's box 0 fi 3 £5S . C 9 Ce. 1878\. £ ?? d. April—Bj nnionnt remitted to tbe Hon. Kec. of tbe Hunter River Auxi- liary to the British am! Foreifc'ii Biblo Society, to be for- warded rr h froo . contribution to tbe Pnrent Hociely 20 0 0 Jl.T—P?id Mnltlnnd Ueimsitory* for BiWei,(?lue 1876) ,4 S 1 1879. June 3rd—Errorin Miss MartvnV li?t .'..... 0 I 0 To balance iu liiuiil.... 34 0 0 