In Iiis comprehensive and philosophic review of the growth of Democracy in Victoria, Professor Pearson dwells upon the fact that among tho"- most con spicuous and active members of tho anti-ctemocratic party are tlie clergy or tlie Anglican and Presbyterian denomi nations. About the very time tliat ho was inditing this charge a Victorian cor respondent of tlie Catholic Presbyterian Magazine, published in London, was giving hLs views of . the politics' and the politicians of tho colony iu the fol lowing terras : — The land system pursued by tlie present Govern ment is as unpromising as that which it has superseded. A district is divided and subdivided into 320 acre block,. Free soiection is the law. Squatters uro not eligible ; thoy are a proscribed order. Tho object is to give the people hornet, so that they and their posterity may bo the nourishing yeomen of " Australia Felix. Each block, a patrimonial estate in cue, is offered on tbo must inviting terms. Neitbor capital nor experience is necessary. The price is £1 per acre, payabio in ten years. .- The annual payment is at tlio rate of 2s. per acre. As no interest is charged by tlio Crown, the actual price of tho land is not more than 14s. por acre. Tho selector signs a declaration that ho has no other selection, and that ho mean to spend liisdife on tho property thus casHy procured. This solemn declaration is, I ain told, generally disregarded. . As a rule, these selectors have no capital; they lead, in consequence, a wretched life, until they procure their title-deeds ; then very generally they sell, and . decamp in quest of larger possessions. At present Wo aro in a state of revolution. Trado is .nnralvsroi. and mwirl.y shaken to its foundations; No one' con' foretell, but every thinking man fears, what is to come. ..On all sides we sec tokens of .God's displeasure. .'He gave this country wealth in unprecedented measure, and He h denied by the people so signally favored, Hii promises and His warnings bejyug equally despised. .Government disowns lift the legislature disowns Him, the press disirwns Him, the GchooWdisovn Him. Con any one wonder that our political heavens aro dark with symptoms of distress? The oraclo is in fallible—" Thcin that honor me 1 will honor, and they that despise meshail bo lightly esteemed." Tho impression conveyed by this remark able outburst of unpatriotic spleen and theological partisanship is, not onlyare the Conservatives theonly God-fearing people in the colony, but the God of the Con servatives is a Conservative. With Dr. Johnson the Devil was the first Whig, and wh Dr. Cairns a Victorian Liberal is 'tho Devil. Liberalism is blank atheism, and nobody has a chance, of being ad mitted to the Presbyterian- heaven who should offer to subdivide the squatters' runs next year, or help the poor selector to a slice of thcin. ! The squatter is , a gentleman after God's own heart, andihe selector" is' a very ordinary kind of sinner indeed, without capital or conscience, sharing lus bark hut with the 'possums, -and us ready to tell a lie and swear to it as might be exjyectcd from a person of his ungenteel associations. - In the eyes of the C'a/W(c-7V«Wrria7i the Divine Being is irretrievably pledged to the party with the big estates, andito advocate, an ex tension' of the hind- ta$.is to,ruu counter ;to his beneficent .deslgfejfor the;vGo-< Twnment of Ck£ but tho God of the Opposition, and tlie "lionorablo Mr. James Sorvico is jiis pro- phot. Ho -is a free-trado God. as well as a land monopolist, ana soft- goods will not look up in Flindcrs-lano or money be cheap in Collins-street till wo shut up the fuctorics .uul abolish tlio duties on Crimean shirts to propitiate him. Whilst Mr. Servico is excluded from office wo must continue to wasto under tho bane- ful blight of a godless legislature and a demoralised press — with a proper reser vation iu favor of Cicsar and Poinpey who do not participate in tho Government ! patronage, and aro therefore uncontai'ni- ratted, prosperous, and happy. In one of Lceky's most entertaining chapters on' tho rise of Rationalism iu Europe, he .makes tho observation that " the priesthood aro now ' associated ". with a policy of toryism, of .reaction, " and of obstruction. All over Europe " thoorgans that represent dogmatic in- " tcrcsts are in permanent opposition to " tho progressive tendencies around " them, and, are rapidly sinkiiu/ into " contempt. " We hope we know our duty to the Catholic Presbyterian and the God of tho Tallowfats.too well to speak of it in a necessary connection with this sweeping disparagement. But we may be par doned if wo introduce it into the argu ment- for the purpose of showing how the same phenomena occur and the same- agencies work by tlio same means in different communities and under differ ent conditions of life; -Europe is an old country, Australia is a young one ; yet we soo that the Australian writer in the clerical periodicals is just as narrow- minded, and just ns instinctively op posed to the tendencies of his age as his European prototype. Though in both countries the secularisation of polities has forced the theologian to be content with a back seat, ho never loses an opportunity of thrusting theological considerations to tlio front whenever he can. It is not very long ago that he succeeded in declaring ' any ono who abjured pork and practised circumcision to bo unfit to debato questions of trado or tariffs in his national legislature ; and ho still manages to keep tho public libraries closed upon Sundays, and to prevent a man from marrying his doad wife's sister in obedience to tho same prejudice. The clergy wore the last to admit the lessons of physical science 'that opposed their cherished dogmas, and they cling with the same tenacity to the unscientific legislation of ft by-gone age, in which Bishops wore tho keepers of' tho King's conscience, and a Cardinal dictated the foreign policy of tho Empire. They burnt Bruno for teaching that the sun is the centre of our planetary system, and -they roast Mr. Longinorc in their pulpits for saying that tho soil of the planet- docs not belong to tho Conservative !.' classes exclusively. ' A . sound system of laws in tho presence of such blind obstrnctivencss is altogether impossible. Herbert Spenser, iu his work on Sociology, which has become the text-book of the rising genera tion, points out with great fotco that social controversies can never be settled as long as our conceptions of good and bad are warped by doctrinal prepossessions. " Hero we " have, for instance," be says, " thcolo- " gians who believe that our national i well are win lie endangered it tlie " churches do not enforce tho clogtnu that " the Father, Son and Holy Ghost are " each of them Almighty, and that vet " tlieio are not .throe Almighties, but "one Almighty; that' <lfto of the " Almighties suffered death, and de- " scended into Hell to pacify au- " other of them ; and that whosoever " doth not believe this shall perish " everlastingly." Things will go well as long as the State sanctions these dog mas, but the moment it- leaves them to shift for themselves evorytliing is to be revolutionised and accursed. In tho language of tlie Catholic Presbyterian, trade will ho paralysed, security shaken to its -foundations, and tho tokens of Heaven's displeasure be seen in tho increase of food and settlement, and the rapid falling off in ground-kangaroos nnd millionaires. Of course the type of Mr. Herbert Spenser's theologian is an aggravated one, but he differs from tho prophet of the Presbyterian Mayatine. only in degree, and not in kind. The theological bias is just ns strong in tho latter, and the only difference is, the land question is made the medium of it instead of tho Athanasian creed. His standard of orthodoxy is a political instead of a reli gious one; but he is equally orthodox, equally impatient of opposition, and just as ready to niake martyrs of ids oppo nents. In England lie represents- the aristocratic church ; in Victoria he repre sents the aristocratic class ; .and in both he is conservative and anti-liberal. Whatever fate may he in store for him in England, time will show ; but it is very unfortunate for him that, in a democratic community like that of Vic toria, where ho might do so much to soften the asperities of political life, he should . publicly declare himself an uncompromising enemy of progress. For he must eventually go to tho wall in tho conflict. A minister of religion who talks about the Devil being at the bottom of the ballot box, or denies that any respectable God can have any sympathy with tlio breaking up of the large estates, throws discredit on religion, and weakens the influence of his sacred office at one and the- -same time. .While" his political views are 'laughed at, ho himself cannot hope to bo respected. And what is more, tho movement which he speaks so de- spitefully of goes on iu .defiance of ull his luhiiiiiuiions. Ho finds himself out of the race ' at tho last, left alone in the scant com pany of admirers whom the Catholic Presbyterian can beat up for him, while the .Government disowns him, .the legis lature disowns him, the press disowns him, and his name is heard with a shrug in every coterie of thoughtful politicians . throughout the colony which he traduces by his misrepresentations. And all this because, as Professor Pearson hints, ho thinks it his interest to flatter the well- dressed Christians who say their prayers from the cushioned privacy of the front pews rather than be suspected of any fellow-feeling with the unfoshionablo .politics of the free seats. During the temporary panic that fol lowed tlie closing of the doors of the Australian and European and the Pro vincial, and Suburban Banks, it was noticed that there had been something ltyce a rush of depositors to tho savings banks. A section of tho public hud taken fright, and iu searching about far a secure investment had naturally be thought themselves that they would be .safe with the Government for their banker. As long as the nation was sol vent, the savings of the people could not. be endangered in its hands. We know -now that there was no justification of the scare, but as the., most valuable per manent- benefits to society have- fro- iquently conie ont of devices designed "to zrr,"T > . ; I' tide" over some transient derangement; in some portion or other of its mechan ism, there is no reason why it may not . be turned to advantago if tlio 'means of utilising it can bo pointed out. Tho ' lesson which it, teaches is this—that there . is a class of small investors whoso money tlio Government could borrow if it ; offered them sufficient inducement to i lend it. To a limited extent the Savings j Banks catch the .surplus earnings of tho wage class, but the Government cannot offer an attractive rato of interest to its customers, even if it were desirable that it should do so, which for obvious rea sons it is not. A good notion of what the .Government might do, however,"' in order to relievo its necessities, and at the. samo tiino provide .the -public with a sound investment, may bo gathered from the systcifi ' that obtains in France, in "which country invest ments in the national stocks have been brought within tho reach of tho very humblest. Those investments are called ' rentes, corresponding to tho English consols ; that is to say, where tho English investor talks of a hundred or a thousand pounds of consols the Frenchman talks of three francs or thirty francs of rentes, meaning tho in terest which the Stnto has to pay to him for 'Ills contributed capital. In 1831 the amount of rentes purcliftseable . was reduced to two pounds sterling, and it has filially been brought down to as small a sum as a . half-crown. -Tlio object of this is to attract the public contributions by aft'ordiug tho greatest possible facility to contributors, and tho way how this ob ject has been completely fulfilled is shown by the case with which the French people paid off the enormous in demnity exacted by Germany at the close of the late war. Instead of de pending upon the outside capitalist, Franco borrows of its own peo ple, by offering t.liem a security ns good ns tho national credit itself. No money is sent out of the country in the shnpe'Tif interest to tho foreign cre ditor, and tho people nro encouraged in habits of thrift, and are tawglit to feel that thoy have a share in the Govern ment. Instead of £he Government stock being held only by capitalists, as in Eng land, it is brought within the reach of the commonest laborer, whose savings would otherwise goto Iris union or benefit club, unless lie should be content, with the low ' priceofieredliimbytlicSftviiigsBank. Tlio soundness of this policy is shown by tlio effect it has had, -and is having, upon the statesmen and economists of America. The smallest bond issued by tho United States up to tho present time is for fifty dollars, or ton pounds sterling. But it has been determined to mnke a still further advance in tho French "direction, and Mr. Sherman accordingly proposes to offer the public interest-bearing certi ficates, or debentures, of the valuo of ten dollars, or two pounds. The idea has been favorably received by the banks, who regard the . certificates - as readily saleable as the bonds and if the scheme works well it must operate precisely as it has operated in France, in fostering habits bf thrift among the working population, and furnishing the State with a ready means of obtaining money without the inconvenience of increasing its foreign indebtedness. Of course in a small community like Victoria, where tho State has to undertake aif kinds of costly public works, it would be impossible to dispense with the foreign capitalist just now, but the -time is not fur distant when we shall - be able to rely on our own. resources for carrying on tho work bf government ; and no sounder mode of increasing theui could be struck out than that supplied by the examples of America and France. 