Cije Wallace €ivm. WAI.LABOO, WEDNESDAY. APRIL 2. 1879. At a meeting of the Committee of Mana gement of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society, on Friday last, the 28th March, Mr G. McEwin moyed:—. " That the G-o vernment be asked to offer j a reward of £4,000 for the discovery of a j cheap and efficient specific against red rust" in order that scientific men might devote their attention to the subject, i His idea being that the bonus should | not be paid at once bat that the test of the specifics should extend over years. Mr Boss, M.P. seconded the motion, re marking that if a specific were not dis covered there need be no expenditure. With respect tothe experimental famine " be could not help thinking that the -jg&atfjy; was sot being'spent to any great met to the country. Between £6,000 ana 3BS,000 a year was being expended . ^IPlri&tfaat; was never intended. He \- 4tefj|g&£3t would beadvisable to suggest jfco ^^^io^ernment that some part of the v^ <botil^be devoted to purelyseieuti &c; to be earned out by ddU^' men/' There can be no doubt '*1 as far as any beneficial effect on the Btaple industry of the colony is. coiicernfcd J the results of the so-called Experimental Farms have been absolutely t nil, and although it is generally supposed that agriculturists, as a class, are not fully alive to the import ance of acquiring every information rela tive to their particular employment, the fact of a large number of them taring waited on the Government of the day apfring that numerous matters of a prac-* iical nature might be attended to, affords evidence to the contrary. Nothing came of the application however, which is the more to be regretted from the acknow ledged fact of South Australian farmers being very much behindhand in know ledge of the most necessary kind affect ing their interests, and as instances have occurred where crops of 60 bushels to the acre have been taken off land which now yields only two to three bnshels, it is quite clear that the cultivator of the toil ought to be made acquainted with constituents so as to be .able to tell what nutritious quality it requires. That the systemof continual eropping has jbeen a potent cause in producing the present condition of farming operations there can ber no doubt whatever. The 1^n<i has been treated as if its fertil ity was oot capable of exhaustion, and that consequently, there wias no ^necessity to' adopt measures for the purpose of sup plying the soil with the necessary mater ials to .enable it to furnish satisfactory veanlts, and,consequently there has been a fitflingoffm.the jield «^til theaverage of lastyear only amounted te* trifle over aeven bushels to the acre.- SSat ftw has been mainJy caused by such diseases as sed rust is of course , generally admitted but, although no remedy for that scourge has } et been discovered, it may be fairly concluded, as a rule, that if the soil were itept in proper condition, the losses *>?] that, and. bther diseases to w&i;«h the wheat plant: is liable,' Mould have borne Hp p •. ;ortion^to: the 'wholesale" destruc tion of erops which took place Jfrom th>se causes , during ;the past year;; It is well known that' if a human being ; joes not receiver sufficient amount >of food to mamtain h« system jq health and strenj^b, iiiat he becomes peculiarly li^^&B;^idks epidemic diseases, which if they affect the robust and well nourished at all, do ho in a very minor degree, and the same rale applies to the vegetable kingdom, so that, when ever the soil lacks a due quantity of nu triment, it may be expected that what erer is grown on it will become weaker" bnd more unhealthy and less able to re sist those destructive influences which inay bp considered to be always present in a greater or leBs degree. The intro duction of new and different kinds of wheat will of coarse have its uses, still all such suggested remedies for the pre- j sent highly unsatisfactory state of affairs l can only be regarded as empirical, while : on the other hand, by chemical analysis, there should be no difficulty in ascertain ! ing with sufficient exactness what is re quired to restore the lost fertility of the soil, and thereby render our cereals far less liable to those devastating attacks from take all, red rust &c.; which have to some extent paralysed farming operations in the colony, We have no hesitation in asserting that if the money expended on experimental farms, the advantage of which to the agricultural community is of a decidedly imperceptible character, had been devoted for the purpose of scientific investigation of the soil, and matters re lating thereto, the question would be in a far less chaotic condition than it is at present, and being placed in possession of the precise causes of failure, with plans for their future guidance, our far mers would have had no excuse for going wrong in the future. Under all circum stances, however, much will depend on the intelligent application of known principles, and wherever these are neg lected; no amount of scientific assistance will avail to improve the present condi tion of affairs. It will be seen by an advertisement elsewhere that the Half-Yearly meeting of the Yorke's Pen insula Building Society has been postponed until Wednesday evening next, April 9,1879 We regret to learn that Mr Schroder, our Railway Manager, who for some time past has had but very indifferent health is suffering from a very severe attack of paralysis. Drs. Gosse and Robinson, who are in attendance, express it as their opinion that, although the illness is a very serious one, he will in all probability recover. We are glad to be informed that Mr Crutchett who it will be remembered met with a serious accident some time ago, is sufficiently recovered to lead to the hope that he will very shortly be able to return to his residence at Moonta. j Mr Jas. Lang advertises that he wilj sell by auction on Saturday next, March 5, at the Mart Kadina, magnificient farm laud by order of the ■ trustees in the Assigned Estate of Thomas Han- j cock. By reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that Messrs Mood? & Furner will sell this day (Wednesday) in the assigned estate of W. L. Morris on the premises, Blanche-terrace Moonta, the whole of the stock in trade and effects of a general blacksmith and wheelwiigbt. The Corporation at Kadina are taking steps to ascertain the acutal amount of water held in private tanks for private use, as well as for sale to the public. Having gained this informa tion by a house to house visitation, the Conner! will be in a position to go to the Government with confidence, and demand increased water storage accommodation. There is no water on the mine we are informed available for other per sons than those located on the property ; but we understand that the stills could be put in opera tion for considerably less money than was the date in 1877. A memorial, numerously signed by the selec tors in the hundreds of Tiekera, Kadina, and Wallaroo has been forwarded to the Surveyor General, praying that * dam might be constructed on Reserve No. 15, section 97, Hundred of Kadina at the junction of the main roads leading from Peela Weela to Wallaroo and from Tiekera to Kadina. The site is a central one, and as the residents .are unanimous, we feel assured there will be no difficulty in the way of getting the prayer of the -petition granted. It is amusing, and jot at the same time very distressing, to see around a dam or tank numer ous teams waiting their turn for water, especially when one feels that he has plenty at home. On Moiufey last while a gentleman was passing the dom at Kslfcobury there were no less than seven* teen teamsters wHb fheir waggons and large iron tanks, all waiting fop wafer; and as it seemed to be giving out each one though Jje would have a share, so commenced pal ling "it upwitfe b#c£ets. Tbef supply in that dam, our informant- says woul4 M9t last oyer that day, after which the farmers wj£l jrc^uire to travel 15 to 20 miles to Moonta, for their supply. The rain holding off as it Is doing aeaps destruction to the farmers, one telling us yescorday that he £ouId not go, water he would have to leav« rtjn district, with out patting in his seed, which would b* bis-riiiq. Every day seems to give less indication of fain than another, and bb the barometer is high, we need tiot expect * «!wnge for some time. It is computed that there are about 200 hogs heads" of water remaining in the tanks iwtr the jpound at Wallaroo, and the Corporation :havo deei&g;<J to place tnem at the disposal of formers and ethers sliding in the district at the usual price of wspegce peyr bpgshead. We are informed that the £owa application to Mr Wardi of th* Smelting Works. tope^est him to throw open the tanks near the brick the public, and, in consequence M? Ward jWQjssd that they should be placed, in readiness for the daifoejry of water at Is per hog*hea^ at once, Fno/rttoft Weekly has two capital illustrations termed " Asttiritf and Inactivity," the former, showing the capture <fojyp£cangers by the New Sout^ Wales police,andthslatlivitfeejBBpturp of the - YIP torian police by bushrangers. The re stnkes is worthy the attention of those lmeasdisr tely concerned in such matters. cartoon *' The new Overland Boute," in all pro bability conveys the right idea in reference to vessels going ont of their course and finding them selves aground. The lighthouse labelled " Moet and Chandon" is very significant. The portrait entitled " Pablic Works" is excellent. A special .meeting of the Vadina Corporation was held on Monclaj morning to take into con sideration the present water supply, and to de termine what was to be done with the small quantity at present in the Corporation tanks— '' ▼iz., 3ft 9in in the one in the Square. After con siderative discussion, in which all the Crs present took part, it was resolved thatthe Town Clerk telegraph to the Mayors of Moonta andWallerpo and ascertain if they could furnish a supply "of water and to what extent. The feeling of the Crs was totally averse to prevent the farmers from purchasing the water, as they considered that the tanks were held by : the Corporation in trust for the general public, and not for the ratepayers only, one Or remarking while speaking to the re* I solution, that he did not think we ought to d o as a neighbouring Council had done, in prevent ing the farmers from getting water, as the tanks were constructed out of the general 'revenue, so that the public bad as much right to the water as the ratepayers Another Cr stated 'that the people of Kadina had as much right to cart water from Moonta as the farmers sorroanding the Town. The replies from the Corporations of Wailarao and Moonta will be found in the report of the Corporation meeting. We are glad to notice that the District Council of Green's Plains, £ulpara, and Clinton, are about to take action in a matter, of such great importance as sinking Artesian Wells, for the purpose of obtaining a permanent water supply, and we trust their example will be speedily fol lowed by other bodies of a like description. By reference to our advertising oolumns it will be seen that a meeting of the Council will be held on Monday, April 7, to consider the practicability of testing the distriat for fresh water by sinking Artesian Wells, when all persons having any practical knowledge of the same are invited to attend, and we feel convinced that if the matter receive the attention to which it is entitled a vast amount of benefit will accrue to the colony in consequence. The Berlin correspondent of the Register states that Germany is painfully disquieted by the re* cent outbreak of the black death on the Volga, and is taking her precautions againBt its possible dissemination within her frontier with an energy that strikes terror into the hearts of Russian merchants, agriculturists, and fishermen. Her example is being punctually followed by Austro Hungary and Roumania,sothat Russian trade finds itself striken by paralysis, and the paper currency of the White Czar promises to become a mere collection of assignatt, valueless outside the terri torial boundaries of the Empire. Buseia is in terrible troublej she, has attained, in fact, the very nadir of her fortunes. Prayers are being offered up for the safe delivery of Princess | Charlotte and Elizabeth, married here last spring so our beloved Queen will soon be a great grand mother, The princess Henry of the Netherlands (nee Princess of-Bussia) is also enceinte. Bride, wife, widow, and- mother Within a year—how strange a lot is hen: It would bo unwise to attribute to man's action upon the forest of this country the frequent re currence of drought from which it has been suf fering, for droughts were not unknown here be fore any material interference had taken place with the natural timber. But it may fairly be assumed that had steps been taken from the first to treat our forests as objects to be conserved, and to improve and extend those which werepf secon dary quality, the intensity of the droughts to which the country is naturally subject might have been mitigated, and'the fertility of the soil have been lessened much more slowly than it has been under an opposite course of procedure. In India the Government confers certain privileges on private landowners who plant portions of their estates with forest trees. The public forest estate is also been gradually brought under the: management of a body of trained foresters who have passed certain examinations and have served an apprenticeship in some of the great forests of Germany, France,, and Scotland. The Imperial Government thus ■ manages this, as also many other matters, muoh i better than the colonial ones; when will the latter addresi themselves to such concerns as these, which affect not only the present occupants of the oountry, but which will also determine whether the future of Australia shall be prosperous or ! wholly the reverse. OurMaitlandcorrespondent writingon 31st alt. j says—Since my last we have had unfortunately no | rain, and the farmers and settlers are in dreadful wan*. of water. The price has risen to £110s per 400 gallons tank, and every day we may expect to see it raised to £2. Ifwe are not soon blessed with rain I really do not know what will became of us. It is the dry est season on record Pre parations are being made for festiyals for Easter , but I am afraid that if rain does not soon make if? appearance they will be of a very gloomy des-; crlptiojj. Several of ottr farmers, wishing Yor a change of seed, as tb,ey think it would be bene ficial, have instructed Mr Lindo fyf try and procure some good samples of big purple wheat. After trying the Mount Gam bier and other districts be I has succeeded in obtaining a Tetj fide sample of big purple from the Murray fiats through his frjends Messrs J. and E. Hague ofTruroand has forwarded tfaetn QffoT fop nereral small parcels of good clean big pvrpl# as it is Jfeefeyprit? grain in this neighbourhood. j A meeting of the shareholders in the Moonta ! Mining Company was held ar their offices on Mon day,' March 31. Twenty-four persons were pre- [ sent, representing 20,030 shares. Mr Barr Smith, who presided, in moving the adoption of the re port and balance-sheet, which was presented, pointed out that there was no cause for appre-; with regard to the state of the Company, toftfk*it fete,. eessMty $o p#y of g, of coppet being all ^ them again in a flourishing eooditjpi*. some discussion ihemotion was * carried unanir mously. A special meeting was subsequently held, at which Messrs W. Milne.jan.. and G. J). Qrreea were elected Directors inplace of Sir WiUiwj Afttnej^dMr A. ?. Barny, resigned.— XtyUter. , r ■ ! LECTURE ON DR. JOHNSON. On Tuesday evening last the Rev. W. | Davidson delivered a lecture on Doctor. ! Samuei Jobnson L.L.D. in the Hall of the ; | W ailaroo Institute, in aid of the foods j of tbe Presbyterian Church. Mr Thomas Davies occupied tbe chair. Tbe subject; df tbe lecture may be regarded- as one of tbe most conspicious figures in English literary history, although be is bat little read at the present tioje. He was the benefactor of the. struggling and,unfortunate* and conspicuous for honesty, courage, and a manly pride '.hat made him not afraid tp tell Lord.. Chester field to his face what a* mean fellow£he was, and how- little he cared for bis patronage or bis opinion of his dictionary. His person was uncouth, and his manner rude; he was impatient of contradiction, 'but these were minor blemishes in a great and manly nature —a nature which, if rough at the rind, was fine at the core. The lecturer referred to the treatment literary men met with in the past, instancing that Milton only received £5 for]-his grand epic poem of ''Paradise Lost." while Burns was condemned to the uncon genial occupation of gauging ale barrels for a living and continued in it until he died. W ben Johnson came to London, literature was passing from the bands of patrons (titled and otherwise) into those of publishers, which may be regarded as fortunate from the cir cumstance that it was not likely, from tbe known disposition of tbe man, that be would have come so prominently before the public : in the former case, as he did in tbe latter. He was exceedingly lucky in having his life told by Boswell who, as a biographer, has rarely been equalled. Jobnson was born at Lichfield in Staffordshire and baptised on the same day. He auffered much from scrofula, and was twice •• touched" for that disease. His fondness for tea was extraordin ary ; in fact be termed himself a "hardened and shameless tea drinker'' and he is said to have consumed twenty five cups at a sitting. Poor Mrs Tbiale complained that he often :kept her up making tea tor him until four in the morning.. His reluctance to go to bed was due to the fact that his night3 were periods of intense misery; but his vast pota tions of tea can scarcely have tended to im prove them. He commenced the study of Latin at 10 years of age, and entered Pem broke college at Oxford at 19-; married a widow when he was 27, and came to London in 1738—the year following,tand entered on a literary career, of the success of which we are furnished with evidences by his contribu tions to tbe Gentlemen's Magazine, his dic tionary, the Parliamentrry debates, the Rambler, Lives of the Poets &c.; He was at length awarded a pension of £300 a year by the Government, of George I.I I., and subsequently formed the Literary Club which consisted of several of tbe cele prities of the day. Possessed of physical power corresponding to his great height and massive statnre he was proficient at athletic exercises, but bis large mind was full of contradictions and exhibited both incredulity and creduloasness so that while often refusing to believe well authen ticated statements, he had perfect faith in the story of tbe cock lane ghost. Notwithstanding his uncouthness, and great physical infirmities, all female friends who have written of him agree that be could be singularly attractive to women, A thorough Cburcbmao, rank of tbe spiritual kind was especially venerable to him. "I should as soon have thought of contradicting a bishop" was a phrase which marked the highest conceivable degree of -deference to a man whom he respected. Ia politics he was a Conservative and expressed ai all times a -£ggarty and intense hatred of Whiggery, and his - dictionary bore evidence of his great aeeentricity, particularly in reference to his definitions of the words. Excise, Pensions, and Oats. His manly independence was shown in his letter to Lord Chesterfield on the publication of his dictionary, and, although he cannot be regarded as either a poet or a philosopher, there can be no doubt that as a literary man he has " done the state | some service'* aB he was possessed of great talents, with a quick insight; and endowed j with a large amount of common- sense. The choir of the Presbyterian Church rendered assistance during tbe evening that was highly appreciated bp all present. The Overture, "Soldier's Chorus," by the Misses Snadden and Coltman, together with the opening duet " Silver Moonlight," by the Misses Wood head and Kempster, were deservedly ap plauded, while tbe duet " Friendship" by Mrs Coltman and Miss Stephens was very nicely rendered, but'the audience were fairly delighted with Mrs Coitman's singing iu the piece termed , " The Vacant Chair," and we j must confess that we never, previously, heard hep to such advantage, at the same time great ; credit is duo to Mrs Smith for the efficiency which the young ladies displayed who had availed themselves of her instruction, At the close of the lecture tbe Misses Coitman and Snadden played a piano duet " Fairy Galop" in excellent style, and the usual votes of thanks having been given to the lecturer, Chairman, and choir, and responded to, the proceedings closed with the National An them. Notes intended for the private eye of the printer sometimes get into the best regulated newspaper. Thus the New York Mail con cluded its report of Conkling's speech in these words: "Let our motto be, Inessen tials, unity; in all things, charity, to go at the end of Conklinc-" 