THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Exeebiesgeb os as Edisbsscb Detective.—No. CXXYI. [Published by [special arrangement with the Author.] A LOST WILL. In Two Parts—Part II. 1 Biared at the girl, not quite sure whether she was talking seriously or only cunningly chaffing me. Her looks were certainly earnest enough ; hut pretty women are generally adepts in that line, so I merely grunted out— " I will be glad to hear all about it, and will keep my promise with you so far as it goes; but do not bring in any nonsense about ghosts or spirits into the story, because, having always found ghosts to have two legs, and sometimes two greedy hands, the same as other criminals, I am a little sceptical on that subject. Spirits, in deed, may prompt a crime, but they are mostly of the had, adulterated kind, sold in the High-street at -fivepence a gill, or in the shebeens at tenpence. As to me not being harsh, that will depend entirely on the truthfulness of your story." 111 don't care what becomes of me now, and I will tell the whole truth whether you are harsh with me after or not," replied Nancy, with dull despair. "The will is gone beyond recovery now, and he can never benefit by it; and, as he said to me, it does not matter what becomes of a servant girl —there are far too many of them in the' world already." " Oh, ho! then there is a he at the bottom of all the mischief ?" I put in, with awakened interest. "Yes; but it was my own fault for listening to him," she replied, woman-like. " I ought to have known that a horn gentle men -oobld-Bever marry a common servant girl." " Such a -tiling does not occur of ten, except, perhaps, in the pages of fashionable novels; about.once in a thousand years will be something like the average," I remarked. " But may -Lask the name of the gentle man?" "Arthur Douglas, the brother op my mistress," Bhe .simply and unhesitatingly returned. " He- came here for his holidays about two yeais.ago. He was so handsome and bright and -.noble-looking that people used to turn round on the streets and look after him. "We-used to hear him singing and whistling and rattling through the house before any one else was up; every thing he did was done in a wayward fashion of his own,-even to the throwing up of the windows when he wished to enter the house instead of comiDg in by the door. One day—ah, how well I re member it!—I had to take the place of the tahlemaid, who was laid up with a sick headacke; and then .Mr. Arthur seemed to notice me for the first-time. He looked at me full in the face with his clear blue eyes, and as I left tbe room I beard him say to master,' "What a beauty.! she has a pair of eyes like twin stars!' I,don't think I paid much attention to tbe words at the time, for I had heard the same thing hundreds of times before; but by-and-'bye X found that all Mr. Arthur's gaiety was gone, and that instead of dashing about as before be had become silent and melancholy, and was always looking after and following me; not obtrusively, but in a woe-begone, respectful way that I could not find it iu my :heart to complain of." Xlese I smiled, not so much at the story, which in its features was as old as Time, .but at the artless fashion in which she was telling it.; and, raising her eyes, which she had kept fixed on my moving pen, she noticed the smile and interrupted herself. " There, sir—you are smiling; but you must remember that women don't look at these things in the same way as men/' she simply remarked. "They haven't such ^a power to grasp things and see whore they'll lead to. If Mr. Arthur had looked at me impudently, or dared to annoy me in _ any way, I would have complained of it at once and had it stopped. But somehow, when I saw him looking so sad, and heard tbe senseless stories of the servants that it was evident he was dying off his feet for me, I began to feel a strange flutter of pity for tbe poor fellow, and almost wished it had been in my power to make him happy again. Besides—and that was what caused all the mischief—I began to feel a strange pride in having been able to fascinate a gentleman who had defied the powers of so many grand ladies, and in calling forth the spiteful taunts of the servants at my in voluntary victory. Still X did not think I was in love, and only laughed when they spoke of such a thing; but one night, in crossing the Meadows in a great hurry, for fear some man might annoy me, I met him full in the face, and bad actually answered his hasty exclamation before I knew what I was doing. I don't know what he said, or how it was that I didn't stop him; but in a little while I found myself walking along, much more slowly, listening to his earnest words, with my arm in his, and feeling so safe and happy by his side, that when he asked me piteously if I could only love him one quarter as passionately as he did me, I said that it was very wrong of me, hut I would try. He appeared so ex travagantly happy at the promise that, though I had just said it, as I thought, to please him, I was quite glad I had made it; and, when he kissed me three times before parting at the head of the Links, I felt for the first time that I really cared for him more than I had imagined." "You kept all this a secret,of course?" I put in, with avariety of emotion, in which I believe pity was uppermost. "Yes; we went to the house by dif ferent roads on purpose to keep people from talking. He said it would be neces sary to keep it a secret for a while till he was able to marry me, and then be wouldn't need to care what any one said. But from that night he appeared as happy and merry as the day is long. He was quite changed, and, though he could never take any notice of me in the house, he used to write little ; notes and slip them into my hand when ; nobodv saw, and I used to write him answers, sometimes appointing a place ! where we could meet when I got out of an evening, and at others only telling how much X loved him and longed for the time when all the secrecy would be at an end. Ah, sir, you may well shake your head, for you've probably heard many a fctoxy like mine; hut I was so happy, ana he was so passionately in love with me, that I could not think that the thing would all vanish like a dream." . She paused there, with lier utterance choked, and the hot tears forcing them selves out over her crimson cheeks, and I appeared to he intent on removing the grit from the pen in my hand till she should get calm. " The poor fellow had to go away at last, hut before he went be arranged bow we should write each other, addressing our letters to the Post-OlEce. This went on for some time, but at last he said he could not live aDy longer without me,^and said he was coming all the way to -Edinburgh to marry me in secret. He did not give me time to send word commanding him not to come, but merely appointed a place where we could meet and arrange it, and of course I had to go. I don't know how I can tell it you, sir, hut his idea of a secret marriage was such a dreadful one that for a moment I doubted whether he really loved . "How so? What did he propose?" I put in, pretty sure of what was coming. ■ " He said that in Scotland it was the law that if two persons only declared them selves man and wife before witnesses, and lived together as such, it was as binding as if they were actually cried and married by a minister: ; and he proposed that till he could break. the matter to his father I should go away to the north and live with him as his wife." . . " What answer did you give him ? , " It was some time ere X could speak at all. I could not believe that he would propose such a thing in earnest; foT till I was fifteen.I was well brought up, and, had not my father died, might have had ser vants of my own instead of being one my self. My face burned like a fire, and I started up to leave him there and then; but he ran after me, and pleaded, and prayed, and tried in every way to get me to con sent, and only gave up when I said that if he said any more about such a thing I would buy laudanum on the way back and poison myself. He came home part of the way with me, and reproached me bv saying he was sure I did not really love him or I would he ready to sacrifice a little for his sake; but I was crying most of the time, and said I only wished that I could say that I did not love him, as I was now the most unhappy woman on earth. We parted in the Links, but he would have me to write just as usual, although I wished the whole thing to he broken off there, as it could come to no good in the end. But he swore that he would force his father to consent to us being married, and thus we parted. After this he did not write quite so often as before; but one day I heard from the servants that he was coming through on a visit to his sisters, and that it was Eaid lie was going to be married. Now, I dare say you will think me- very silly and foolish, hut when I heard this I did not get alarmed, hut rather hopeful. I thought that the story was either not true, or that he was really going to marry me. He eame at last, and one day when the other 1 servants were all im-at the town he found me nut downstairs, and hissed me, and talked to me just as he had done before; tmt.after a little he -asked me, in a playful kind of a way, if I had kept any of his letters to me. 1 said I had them all, down to the smallest scribble of a note, locked up in my'bos, and I took out the bundle and placed them in his hands. Then he laughed in a strange way, and asked how much I would-take for the let. I did not under stand him rightly at first, and said that I would .net part with them for anything; and then he got angry, and said in a tone that he had never used to me before, that he supposed it was because he had so often in the letters promised to marry me. I could not believe that he was in earnest, but when he repeated the same dreadful words, I first felt as if the whole world was sliding awav from under my feet, and then was seized with a strange courage and determination not to let him see how my heart was torn. I took the letters in a bundle from his hands, saying—'Arthur Douglas, if you think for a moment that I would marry the King himself against his will, let that convince you that you are mistaken.' At the same moment I rammed the whole bundle into the fire, and never ceased poking at them till they were all bnrnt into ashes. Then he tried to laugh and kiss me as before ; but I was half mad and swung round the poker as if to strike him on the head, and he went away, and I never spoke to him or saw him after." There was no blush on her cheek now as she paused; her cheeks were pale as death, and her words latterly had trailed out so faintly and weakly that I feared she was going to faint. Quietly I reached across the desk to a decanter or water, filled out a glass, and held it to her lips. She revived slightly, but still shivered and cowered; and then, in spite of my request to take time and not hurry herself, she resumed— "I never told this to any one before It has been cutting and cutting at my heart all that time, but I was determined that I ! would not let any one gloat over me or say ! they knew why I was unhappy. I had | laudanum in my hands three different times I ready to swallow, hut it was that thought which stayed my hand. I couldn't bear the thought of people laughing over it when I was gone, and calling it a ' suicide through disappointed . love.' It was not fear for my life, for that was of no value to me, and I have often prayed that an omni bus would run over me, or a house fall down on the top of me to end all I was suffering. About two months after the burning of the letters Mrs. Fraser went away on a jour ney, and it was no secret that it was to be present at Mr. Arthur's marriage to some grand lady whom he had been engaged to for some time. I don't know how I lived through it all; hut just because I wanted to die, you see I am here yet. Yet I was glad when I heard that Arthur was not so well off in his marriage as people expected; he was always borrowing money and run ning into debt, and once he was actually, arrested, and about to be put in gaol, when bis father helped him off. I was glad of it, because all my love seemed now turned to hate, and I could have done anything which would have brought him trouble or pain though my own life had paid for it after." " I think I see what all this is drifting to now. You stole the will which was to benefit him ?" I put in. " I hope you did not destroy is ?" " I did not, though ! had the itching desire to do so," she answered, with a great flash'of her lustrous eyes. "I had hate enough in me, but something always held me hack. But you shall hear all, as I promised. When I heard that Mr. Douglas bad made a will to enrich Arthur and make him happy, a thought came into my head that no man who had acted as he had deserved to be happy and comfortable and rich, while I was slowly burning out my life in misery. In my madness I even thought that God had appointed me as the avenger; and I resolved to get the will destroyed, though I had to burn down the whole house with it. But one day when I happened to he in the bedroom I saw the box with the will under Mr Douglas's pillow; and then the thought struck me how easy it would be to put some laudanum in the tea they both drank, and then slip in and take it. I got some laudanum, but when I tried it among tea I found the taste so strong that I did not dare to offer it to Mrs. Fraser. Then I went to the chemist's and asked for something to make, an old man sleep—something that wouldn't have a had taste—and they gave me the sleeping draught. I then induced the cook to go into the town to buy me a drees, and thus I got the chance to mix the stuff With the gruel, which both Mrs. Fraser and her father took. I did not ven ture near the room till three o'clock in the morning, when I found them both fast asleep. The old man was awfully straight, and still and white—just like a dead person —and at first I was afraid to venture in; but when I heard them breathing so soundly I took courage, and slipping in, soon had the precious tin case in my hand." "But how did you open it?" I asked, with the most intense interest. " I am coming to that," she answered, with that strange and unnatural coolness which had been so seldom shaken during ber whole narrative. "Only a few days before—on the very day that the will was. .finished—I had met Mrs. Fraser coming along the lobby from showing out Mr. Clark the lawyer, and as she came she was trying to slip on to her bunch of keys, through the split ring a little key which I had never seen before; and it. afterwards struck me that this might be the key of the tin case. The moment I got the case in my hand I tried the lid and found it secure; then I laid it down and listened again to Mrs.Frasex'sbreathiDg, and as she stiff slept soundly I knelt down by her side, and softly lifting out the side of her dress with her pocket, I slipped my hand deep down till my fingers touched the cold bunch of keys. Keeping my eyes on her face all the time, I drew them out, got [ up off my knees, and unlocked the case, j There was nothing inside but the will, I which I crushed hastily into my pocket, and ! then relocking the case, I slipped it quietly I back in below the old man's pillow, feeling | all the time as if my heart, was going to I bnrst open with excitement and want of ! breath. Then I knelt down and slipped ! back the keys into Mrs. Fraser's pocket, but ! in doing so my band shook so with the I nerves that I let them fall into the pocket ' and awoke Mrs. Fraser. She started and raised herself, and I had just time to drop on my hands into the gloom behind her i easv-chair. There was no gas lit—only a night light which gives out the smallest i twinkle—but I made sure that I was dis covered and all lost. Mrs. Fraser rose, a little drowsily, and bent over her father to listen to his breathing, and see that he was all right, and then as softly she got back into the easy-chair and fell fast asleep again. She never once noticed that the door was about three inches ajar—indeed, the light was so dim that the door was hardly visible from where she sat. As soon as her breathing got regular and heavy I rose on tip-toe and crept across the carpet and out to the lobby. I got the door fastened behind me, but the moment that was done the whole lobby seemed to whirl round me as if the walls were dancing. Then something came hang against my fore head, and I forgot everything." " You had fainted, I suppose?" I put in, not quite sure, judging from her palor, but she might repeat the process now. " Yes, Sir. I must havelain there nearly half an hour,but in faffing my head had been cut up here near the hair, where you see that darkmark, andperhapsthe bleeding brought me round. I -was dreadfully cold and shivery, too, and seemed to see prisons and clanking fetters wherever I turned my eres; but Ierawled down to my room and tried to revive myself by thinking how successful I had been, and how I had made sure of a life of poverty and discomfort for the man who had been so faithless to me. But somehow I did not feel quite so happy as I had expected, and Mr. Arthur's face seemed to come up before me, pleading and melan choly, just as it had been when he first fell in love with me, and the will dropped from "my hands on the floor instead of into the fire, which I had kept on for it, and I threw myself on the bed and had a long, long cry." " You were wishing the will hack in the case again, and yourself not a criminal," I put in, rather huskily; for her voice had got wavery, and the tears were once more beginning to force themselves out. " That's just it, sir; and. I thought that, after all, Mr. Arthur was not so very much to blame. You see, he was a_ gentleman, and was forced to marry one in his own station whether he loved me or sot; and, perhaps, he had suffered in doing so quite as much as I had. I really did not wish him to suffer much—it was only the woman he had married; but, now that I could not punish the one without the other, I had resolved to put the will back in the case— next night, if I could only get them to take the sleeping draught as easily as before." " It had taken me a long time to think all this out, and when I rose from the bed the daylight was beginning to creep across the sky. I now saw that I had stained both my pillows and sheets with the blood from the cut in my forehead, and hastily set to and washed them out, and then bound up my brow. I then took the will and put it, doubled in three, into a little pasteboard box, which the laundry-maid had got in filled with starch and given to me when it was empty. I had it filled with different odds and ends, but I turned them all out and put the will in their place, and then shoved the box deep down below every thing else in my trunk. And now I have eome to the strangest thing in it all; but remember I am speaking as truthfully in this as the rest—I mean how I lost the « Good heavens, girl! you don t mean to say that you lost the will after all 1" I cried, dashing down the pen and starting up in the greatest excitement. " I don't know—X don't know that it's lost, nor where it is, nor what has become of it," she calmly replied; "Heave that to you to find out; I can only do what you told me—tell the truth. You said that was all you wanted." "Yes, yes—to he sure—tell me the truth," I said, recovering myself and trying to conceal my intense chagrin. "As soon as the other servants were stirring I ventured in among them, telling them, truthfully enough, that I had acci dentally hanged my forehead against the railing of the stair. No suspicion of 'any thing wrong seemed to he aroused; but somehow I could not help running into my bedroom every little while to look at the briehtly- colored box containing the will, and make sure that it was not gone— always, of course, locking my trunk after me when I left the room. Towards the afternoon I was kneeling in this way before my trunk looking at the will, when seme one touched the handle of the door, and I had only time to cram hack the will into the pasteooard box and let fall the lid of my trunk, withoutlocking it, when the cook entered and said she had been looking everywhere for me, as she wanted me to help her in the kitchen. Well, ©f course, I could not lock up my trunk before her face —it would have looked so suspicious like— so I left it thus, resolving to come hack and lock it the moment I was free. I was only gone about half-an-hour altogether, _ but when I came back and threw up the lid of my trunk it was gone." " It ? You mean the will ?" " I mean the pasteboard box and the will with it. They were gone in the most myste rious manner possible, for so far as X am aware not a soul was near the place all the time I was gone—all the other servants being out of the house and the cook never out of my sight during the time. I was perfectly horrified at the discovery, and wildly turned out every article my trunk contained, hut all in vain. Then I rushed through to the nursery to see if any of the children might not have been in my room and taken it; hut then I remembered that they were all in town for a day excepting Master Tommy, whom I could see from the window playing away down at the farthest end of the garden. At this moment I was again called away by the cook, and I must have been terribly frightened, for she asked me if I was ill the moment she looked at my face. I told her X had lost something, hut was certain from her answer that she at least knew nothing of the matter. I then searched the whole room in which I had left it, looked all through my hook, and even ventured to ask Master Tommy if he had seen the box; hut all my work was useless. I have never seen or heard anything of it since; and that is all X know about it." "You seem to take it coolly," I cried, now angry beyond measure at haying actually traced the will only to lose sight of it. " I am really sorry I made the promise after all " "ButI did not ask you to make the promise," she very simply and truly re marked ; and I told you before I began that the will was lost, and that I believed some spirit had taken it." "Poh? and you believe that yet? immediately put in. "I wish I could believe anything, else, she sighed out in reply. " I am so wearied with thinking of it that I wish I could lie down and die. It seems like a judgment en me for taking it. I would not feel so had if I thought it some clever thief that had taken it; hut a ghost—a spirit—-I can not sleep at night when I thihk of it 1" and her shiver, aB she looked fearfully about her, told me that she was actually speaking her real feelings. . " Then I can assure you on that point," I dryly put in, " it was no spirit that took it, but probably a pair of human hands," and I carefully questioned her on the position of her room, the likelihood of any straggler or begger getting in from behind, and on a number of other points too numerous to mention here; but in the end I was forced to admit myself as much baffled and mysti fied as she herself had been before me. At last, after carefully examining the whole of the places described by Nancy in her rela tion of the curious disappearance, I asked to he allowed another interview with Mrs. Fraser, and for that purpose was shown into the library, while a servant was dis patched in search of the lady. The luxuriously-furnished room was empty with the exception ©f a fine little fellow of five, who was kneeling in front of an otteman, with a brightly- colored edition of "Cock Bohin" opened up before him. Going up behind him I found he had the hook opened at that part which runs— " Who'll dig his grave ? 41,' said the owl, 4 With my spade and shovel I'll dig his grave.'" . . , " Poor little Cock Robin," said Master Fraser, after chatting with me for a few. minutes, " he was buried in the ground by the owl. You can see him doing it there in the picture, just like nmy poor Sir Reginald." " Sir Reginald—was he your brother ? I asked, keeping a grave face on with some difficulty. "Oh, no, Sir; he was my sparrow," he brightly returned. "He was lame, you know, and I caught him in the garden, and lrept him in the nursery. I fed him regit*-" larlv on bread crumbs and boiled eggs which I got from the cook; but poor fellow hQ ' died after all, and I had to bury him." "With a coffin and hearse and all the honors ?" I put in with a smile. He colored at the words, and I was afraid my levity had offended him. "No, sir, there wasn't any hearse," he said at last, quite simply, "and there./was no one at the funeral but myself; but I had a nice coffin for all that, and I took care not to spoil it or dirty it, for I covered it all over before I put it in the hole. But you won't tell anybody, will you, sir?" " Not if you don't wish me to," I laugh ingly answered. "Perhaps you are afraid they would laugh at you—eh?" " Oh, no, I don't think anybody could be so cruel," he seriously answered; " but I would like to keep it a secret about the coffin. If you like I'll take you downjand show you ' Sir Reginald's' grave ?" At this moment I was saved the trouble of a polite refusal to his offer by the entrance of Mrs. Fraser. Master Tom was very unceremoniously sent off to the nursery, while Mrs. Fraser sat down and listened with the deepest interest to the story of her brother's folly and cruelty. To my surprise, not to say pleasure, when I finished by stating that I was afraid the will was lost after all, she impulsively cried— " I hope it is—from my heart I hope so! Oh, to think that a brother of mine should have acted so basely and cruelly to a girl whom he knew perfectly well it was im possible he could ever marry! I am heartily glad you promised her a perfect immunity from the consequences. I myself forgive the poor distracted thing all she has done , to me; and I will see if we cannot make some amends for her suffering, and show a spirit at least equally noble with her own." . Now, I daresay that by this time the reader has guessed whither the lost will ;i had vanished; hut then it must he. remem- . - bered that, in putting down the facts, I have been looking back on them—not groping confusedly forward. I left Quarrycliff Villa just as much in the dark as to the real , whereabouts of the missing document aa when I entered it. It was not 'till next , day, while moodily sauntering along the South Bridge, that the clue struck me—« prompted, singular as it may appear, by "a coffin being born past me on an undertaker's shoulder. What connection there was between that hideous thing of black cloth and tawdry tinsel and the simple utterances . - of Master Fraser the day befor e it would ] puzzle me, as it did then, to tell. There / was a connection, however; for as I was arrested there and then in my walk, my. ! hand was sharply elevated in the air, and the fingers snapped, while the words "At last, I believe I've got it 1 I'll go out and see I" were uttered aloud in a tone that , made people stare at me in passing. . Hailing a cab, I was driven at onee out ' to Merchiston, where, after a brief word - with Mrs. Fraser, I was led to the nursery, where I was quietly introduced to the children. After a few minutes' talking to put them at their ease, I casually expressed 'a wish to Master Tom to see the grave o£ "Sir Reginald." Quite unsuspicious, he led the way to the foot of the garden, and pointed to a stick marking the spot where the sparrow was buried; but he was rather .. startled and indignant to see me at once set ' to with both hands to tear up the earth. Protests and tears were alike unavailing. I : kept at it, while Mrs. Fraser held him back; . and in a moment or two I had unearthed a square bundle, wrapped in parchment, and loosely tied round with a string. The bundle was the lost box, containing the dead sparrow; and the parchment in which the whole was wrapped was—the lost will I Master Tom freely confessed that he had taken the pretty box from Nancy's trunk while she was absent, but was overjoyed when allowed to re-inter " Sir Reginald," box and all—without, however, the valu able cover. Nancy was not punished, but so far taken under the protection and care of Mrs. Fraser that sometime after she was recommended as housekeeper to the gentleman who afterwards became her husband. She is pretty wealthy now, and has bairns of her own too; but I. : believe even yet she will not recall what I 1 have here put down without a shiver, o? 'f perhaps a tear. r 