A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. A man named James Montgomery, on bail for horsestealing, who was being escorted to Coonamble by Constable Brown, of Curban, was shot on 1st J uly whilst attempting to escape. When about two miles from Coo namble be tried to induce the constable to pro mise not to give certain evidence against him, and un Brown refusing the prisoner suddenly struck him twice on the back of the neck with a stick, saying, " Then take that, you Brown, who was taken unawares, was stunned for a moment by the unlooked-for attack—so much so that he nearly fell out of his saddle. As soon as Montgomery had struck Brown he gaUoped into the scrub. Brown in a few moments recovered his consciousness, and saw about 130 yards off prisoner and bis horse on the ground, both in the act of rising. The horse, it appeared afterwards, had, while galloping, put his fore feet into a hole and fallen down. Brown, when he saw the prisoner in this plight, rushed up to him, and covering him with his revolver, called upon him to stand, at the same time ordering Humphries, tlie prosecutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomery's horse. He did so, and was next told by Brown (wbo had prisoner still covered with the revolver) to put the handcuffs on Montgomery. As soon as the prisoner heard the purport of this order, he swore he would hot allow himself to be handcuffed, and that he would kill the pair of them if'they attempted to do so. Hum phries naturally was frightened to approach him, as he fully believed prisoner, being then a desperate man, would cany his violent threats into execution. Noticing Humphries' indecision, Montgomeiy turned to Brown and said, " Let me get on the horse and I'll go quietly with you to Coonamble. I came quietly all day, and I'll go the rest of the way with you quietly, but I won't have the handcuffs on." Brown replied, "Well, get on your horse, and give me none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll shoot you." Prisoner then mounted his horse, Brown re turned his revolver to his holster, and as he did so Montgomery immediately galloped off towards the Castlereagh. The trooper (who had the handcuffs in his hands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out, "Catch me now, you , if you can." Brown drew his revolver and went in pursuit, calling on prisoner to stand or he would certainly shoot him. The escapee took no notice, beyond turning round in his saddle and laughing , at the policeman. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Mont gomery—to show him that his threats were not empty oneB—fired two shots over his head; but they had no effect on the prisoner, who continued still to gallop away. He went down the bank of the Castlereagh, followed by Brown. The trooper's horse here ran against a tree and knocked him out of the saddle. Brown jumped to his feet imme diately, and again called on the prisoner to stand, but no notice was taken of the order. The policeman then, seeing his man was likely to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out, " Oh, Holy G-host, you shot me," but he did not seem to the trooper as if he had been struck. Brown now mounted his horse, and resumed the pursuit, calling on the prisoner to stand, and again firing over his head, in the hope that fear would induce him to surrender. Mont gomery, however, was not to be intimi dated—he continued his course, 6inging out as the shot was-fired, " That's two, now catch me, .you wretch, if you can." Brown, finding there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery, as he did so, yelled out, -"That's three," pulled up his horse, and dismounted. Brown rode up]to him, and not thinking he was shot—for in the dusk it was impossible to see if his shots had taken effect—he again called upon him to surrender, and Montgomeiy said " I've had enough—you have shot me three times. I'm killed—I'm killed!" He then stepped away a pace from his horse, and fell backwards down the bank. The constable got off his horse, lifted the man's head up the bank of the stream, got some water, bathed his face, and told Humphries (who about this time rejoined him) to ride in hastily to Coo namble for a doctor and a spring-cart as he believed prisoner was dying. Humphries went as desired, and Montgomery, who never spoke again, continued to breathe for about ten minutes, and then expired. At the in miAsf. liAlri hlip. -Turr rehnrnAfi fl, vprrlinh nf 1 B ~ —V Justifiable, homicides —Dubbo Dispatch. Julv ! 4j 1879. 