the peerybingle papers. We have heard a great deal about the admit able reforms which Mr. Woods has introduced 1b the direction of oar railway system. The f tot remains! however, that more accidents have occurred during his administration of the affairs of the railways of the colony, than during the government of all former Ministers of the department, it may indeed be considered a matter for doubt whether Mr. Woods, in his OagerneBS to acquire popularity and profit by introducing (at the country's cost) a question able imitation of the Westinghonse break raising barriers on railway piriforms, and tiddlywinking generally and erratically with the department under his control, bas not neglected! those palpable and needful reforms which affect the pnblic safety. Footscray, I dare say, does not appear to Mr. Wcods to be snob an Important place as Edom ; and it may be that the great man never gave a thought to the necessity of securing the public from danger at the Footscray station until the unfortunate old lady was killed the other day by an up train. Of course, with the best precautions, old ladies, and old gentlemen, too, may come to be killed by snob accidents; but when such casualties ooour every week, in spite of the boasted " im provements" introduced by our noble tar- brasher, the public may well begin to doubt the efficacy and value of the great man's reform r. At any rate, it were surely better to carry ou ear railways under the o!d hum-drum system which Mr. Woods affects to despise, but under which no old ladies were cut to pieces, no stokers were crashed to death, no hapless rail way porter was deprived of his legs and his life — than to aocept a " system" and a break, under the aotion of which such natters have become B matter of course. I am not of a very sensi tive conscience ; but I swear by it that, were 1 la Mr. Woods's place, I should begin to fear that, as with Macbeth, the ghosts of those who had been hurried out of the world under an " im proved organisation of our railway system," would hauat and harass me beyond all humsn endurance. It is with grief that I have learned of the less of the third ambassador, whose habitation in tbe fashionable suburban retreat of Cellingwood Flat was broken into a few days back, by irre. verential burglars. Of the various articles he lost, I should imagine the little work, entitled "Etiquette for Gentlemen," was the mcs valuable, and the loss, therefore, most to be de plored. The fact of its possession by our sable friend, however, proves the genuine character of his enthusiasm, and that he confidently be lieved his patrons intended to send him to Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, as a counterblast to Berry and Pearson. I wonder now whether Berry and Pearson had the forethought to provide themselves with a similar book upon " Etiquette for Gentlemen." That one, at least, will sadly need soma instruction in such matters as etiquette for gentlemen, can be little doubted. Mr. Berry, asanoutandout revolutionist, may be supposed to be possessed of all tbe contempt of the aans-culotte for decent manners. But there I are circa instances under which we must dis- guise our opinions, and conceal our prejudices ; and Mr. Berry is just now placed in a position, In the conduct of which he will have te assume, at any rate, the manners and the habits of a gentleman. Presumedly, therefore, he will be aader the necessity to seek instruction in such matters as his past life, and humble origin, have prevented him from acquiring. It is true that his henchman, the Professor, may be able to give him some idea as to how he is to conduct himself in the presence of decent society ; but there are a thousand little conventionalities which will esoape the Professor's memory, but with which it will be absolutely necessary for Mr. Berry to become acquainted — if he weuld impress the " world" into which he has so audaciously penetrated. Let us hope that the great man has provided himself, like the sable Henderson, with a volume of 'Eti quette for Gentlemen," for he will sadly need it, if one may judge from Berry as we knew him here. A man who is married should never be witty, aor quote others' wit in the presence of his wife, unless the wit be complimentary, by inference, to herself. How I have a neighbour who is con. taatly in hot water with bis good lady, who, to apeak truth, is a very nice woman, bat uncom monly touchy as to her age. The other fright Simpson (that's my neighbour) was in one of bis jocular humours (it had been a hot and thirsty day), and very cruelly and injudiciously trod — metaphorically speaking — upon his wife's corns. She is a few years older than her husband, and doesn't like the fact at all; and he, knowing this, not un- frequently gets her riled upon the subject. On this occasion, he said to her, "Martha, my love,) what should society permit to a whose wife has reached the aged of forty years ?" She looked up, flushed and indignant, clutching a tea-cup, as though she had been momentarily inspired to hurl it at nim. " Ho you give it up, toy dear continued the wretch, chipping an egg. She did not answer. " Well, I'll tell you my own one," he went on. "A man who owns a wife who has reached the un womanly age of forty years, ought to be allowed to substitute two twenties in her place." Then he langhed, and then an awfnl pause suc ceeded ; and then, Simpson's wife fell back in her chair, drummed the eatpet With her heels, and shrieked like a battalion of 2ju1u Caffres. And from that time to the present hour— a matter Of some ten daj/8 — whenever Simpson addresses his wife, she plays up the same old game, which sympathising neighbours call nervous hysterics, the consequence of the brutal disregard for his wife's feelings for which Simpson is notorious. He comes over to our place eveiy night to smoke a pipe and talk about this state of affairs, and ask Hot's advice. And Dot says, "Buy her a new silk dress, Simpson, and if that doesn't care her, take it away again." What a perception of feminine human nature this admirable Dot possesses. I regret to inform Mr. Burnett, the apostle of temperance, whose labours, I own, are most praiseworthy, that a great majority of his con verts in Collingwood, have become backsliders. The influence has waned. The spirit of reform has yielded to the attractions of M'Cracken's particular, and Woods's mellow XXX. Fdr be hold ! themonth following Mr. Burnett's crusade, the charges at the Police Court in Collingwood were few and far between. But with the ad vent of hot weather, the moral courage of the Collingwood people has given way ; no less than eighty delinquents have been arraigned before the beaksof this uhsaVoury suburb during tiiepasfc month — the majority for offences committed under the influence of strong drink. That a large proportion of these waverers from the path of righteousness, had signed the pledge under the stimulus of Mr. Burnett's powerful adjurations I happen to know. For all this Mr. Burnett has done much good 5 and I earnestly hope that he will not be discouraged by the weakness of those who have "iallen away." But I cannot conceal from myself that in these fights with the devil, his majesty, but too often, proves himself to be too powerful for his antagonist. One by one, the old identities are quitting u8 for that land whence no traveller returns. Mr. John Thomas Smith has now left us, carrying his energetic,, kindly spirit to what the spiritists term a higher sphere. Very much worse men have gone thither confidently enough ; and for my part, I should, I fancy, be prepared for the inevitable with much greater confidence than I possess now, could I meet it with as clear a balance-sheet as that which our Wbittingtoii was enabled to submit. He was an honest, warm- h sarted man — an'admirable husband and parent— a firm, staunch friend. By this last, I mean that he was not one who was likely to become short sighted when meeting with an old acquaintance who had met with reverses, and was, perforce, compelled to wear a shabby coat and patched shoes. A sturdy sincerity was one of the chief virtues of John Thomas Smith's character. With some knowledge of the natures of those corn stalks of New South Wales of a contemporary generation with Mr. Smith, I can honestly affirM this straightforward truthfulness and sincerity to be strong elements of the cornstalk's moral constitution. Mr, Dick Driver, of Sydney, is a type ; Bob M'Phillamy, of Bathurst, is another-. Rouse, of Mudgee ; the Lees, Of B&thiirsfc; ; the Hills, the Lambs, the Parburys, and a host of others — known as the "hominy boys," from the fact of their generation having been brought up, physically, upon maize-meal chiefly— are all illustrations of certain national virtues which were largely inherited by the late Mr. Smith. Honestly, he was a man worthy of mourning — plucky, honest, kind, and truthful. Would that we had more like him. The doctors are going in for a Mutual De fence Association. in the interests" of public health, as well as their own pockets, it would be well if they included in their programme of antagonistic influences, the hosts of patent medi cines which are vended in this city, by the Con sumption of which so much harm, physically and morally, must be effected. The public generally, ignorant of the fact that what may be one man's cure may be another man's death, and that this results chiefly from constitutional differences bf opposites, or the differential effects of similar diseases upon diverse constitutions, accept these nostrums very much, as of old, our ancestors be lieved in the love philters and elixirs of life, compounded by the quacks and alchy mists of their day. For my part, I cannot understand how it comes -to pass, that while we pass laws for the punishment of those who vend adulterated food and drink, we permit the chemists to sell, and laud by advertisements, compositions which have been proved to be poisonous and deleterious such as infants' soothing syrups (laudanum), patent foods (starch and sugar), phosphodynes (burnt sugar and alcohol), and so forth. Let the doctors take this matter up, and they will serve, not only their own interests, but those of society -also. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 