Randwick Probabilities, » ' BY PEGASUS. AT seems only the other day since Mr. Richard Hill created such a sensation in the sale ring at Randwick, when he .wont in with an almost unlimited oom wisoion to buy the brother of Chester and Roodee ; yet here we are already with another crop of year- lings, more numorous, moro pretentious, and aa a lot, better looking than what were paraded on tho day »fter Cap-a-pie BO ruthlessly bowled over tho Leger oirtainty. The year has slipped round, bringing, aa wi yeats do, many changes to and among all sorts »nd conditions of men; and Easter findß us with more than a hundred yearlings to be offered by our Jugular blood horse auctioneers, Messrs. KÍ8B and Ullbborn, and an autumn meeting on the tapis quite brimful of Interest as any tbat has preceded it since Zoe put the Champion Race field BO successfully through their facings in 1860. The distributions of young blood stock I have already giren their due prominence to, and may here dismiss them with the simple remark that so for as they are known to me, I have never seen a better lot, and they have certainly never been excelled here for the justly sought after prestige of near relationship to celebrated winners. My business this week is with the races that make up the autumn programme, and thus I endeavour to inchoate some of the winners, Having given up the business of touting, and dele- gated to younger "ragpickers" the delightful task of trying to catch the early worm in the ditch, from 4 to 10 a.m, four or Eve times a week, I set myself to the task of trying to " spot " a good thing or two, by the help of what I know of horaeB'past performances, and their present condition ; and I shall not be far wrong in saying that I have generally found these data furnish the most reliable guide, notwithstanding that there have been many well remembered instances of the "big clocks" discovering big winners with un- erring certainty. I premise by saying that I give the jumping races best, first because I never set myself to pick the good things in these to me obscure items ; and seoondly, on this oocasion, because the animals I do know are so mu<;h connected with the outside division as to lead me to fanoy that any decent per- former brought here from Melbourne must bo a good thing for the always popular Hurdle and Steeple double. On Monday next, the first day, the eventB of chief interest are undoubtedly the Champagne Stakes and Linger, and to these I must first address myself, which I do con. amoro ; b3ing, as I am, suffi oiently heterodox to prefer seeing a fine field of youngsters do their best to any othor racing that can be eut out for me. The Champague Stakes at present contains the names of mme winners than I remember ever to have been to the fore as probable starters for one of our two year old races so Bhort a time in advance of the day of running ; and for goodness they will certainly bear comparison with any lot that have ever been Bandied south of the line. Here's a list to oome and go upon-Nellie, Petrea, South Hamilton, Gipsy Cooper, Sunshine, Baronet, Baroness, Knight Errant, and The Pontiff, not io speak of others that ara considered as good as those that have already caught the eye of judges at the right moment. Prom a lot of such really good performers it's far from on easy matter to say which will be which on Monday ; for, in the first place, the winner, whatever it be, must be fit aa a fiddle to pull through in this com- pany ; then he or she must not be interfered with in the race; and last, though in reality it is first, there must be a good start; so that several items have to be considered. Mr. Prince has an arduous task to per- form, and many eyes will be on him when he draws up the field of youngsters at the five furlong post, for not only are there many interests conoerned, and much money will depend, but Mr. Harry Payten is a thoroughly popular sportsman, and in the role of starter has few if any superiors, I, for my part, wish the new wielder of the flag every success, for, as a matter of faut, I always feel as much interested in the suooesB of raoe officials as if I were doing the work myself, and there are always plenty of other folks to find fault ; but I can't help thinking that to get a field of two-year-olds away ia a five furlong Bpin, when each rider is trying to circumvent his fel- lows, requires not only considerable experience which I dare say Mr. Prince possesses, but abo an intimate knowledge of tho jockeys, which he possesses not. However, I know he will not fail for want of doing all a white man can to succeed ; and so I'll suppose the lot to get well away. Several of them are very quick on their lees, and we know how Baroness led her field, aad had them all in trouble towards the finish for the Maribyrnong Plate, barring only the game as well as speedy daughter of the wondrous Sappho. Petrea, The Pontiff, Gipsy Cooper, Sun- shine, and South Hamilton come next in a ruck, to the first and second in the Maribyrnong Plate, the moat brilliant of them at present for the Champagne distance being, as I suppose, Petrea ; although, as I have written more than once before to-day, the black Barbarian colt will be my pick of the lot for the Derby, if he goes on through the winter coming aa he went through the summer past. If ever I saw a Derby horse, I diagnose ono in Gipsy Cooper, and having succeeded in deing everything asked of him right through the season, without being thrown ont of work, I take it he has had the beet chance of any. Nellie has never been called upon to raoe round a turn, having started in public butonce, on the straight Flemington T. Y. C. ; and she may not like ooming round into our straight running ina crowd. We know that Sunshine, after scorinc a vory satisfactory win on the straight, almost refused to »-ace round the turn the next day, and at any rate Io3t his race, through not performing up to his previous form. We have hither- to not had a double winner of the Maribyrnong and Champagne, for some crack spring performers have run themselves out of form before the autumn, while others have been saved, after the one performance, and never shown any form again, and the problem re- mains yet unsolved; but, in spite of this, I look this time for a change, and expect to see Nellie confirm the minutes made at the meeting when she scored her Maribyrnong Plate win. She, I thought, won with something to spa.ro, for she was regularly " out of it" only a short way from the post, after she swerved ; and I expect her to have just as much in hand at the finish on Monday as she had when she waB called upon to travel twic9 as fast as Baroness in the last 50 yards, If I'm right in thiB belief, the Ohampastne winner will hail from Zstland Lodge ; " tho common-looking old Sir Horoules maro," aa strangers call her, will have the third Champagne to the credit of her progeny; and Mr. George Lae be privileged to stand treat for the A. J.Ü, committee. How to pick the followers puzzles me Bore, as it would many a wiser and better racing authority ; but I dare Bay the three first will be fillies, if Baroness he one of Mr. Loder'« representa- tives. The Leger field ÍB shorn of its fair proportions, Bosworth having frightened away all but seven oppo- nents ; and some of those still remaining in might as well be away, as, for instance, First Lord and Haw- thorn at any rate. I always thought Bosworth the best of the year, and I think the same still; where- fore it seems to mo that, all things going well, the brother to Kiohmond can hardly lone. It's a great pity wo have not Wellington in it, to croats a little excitement ; but I look upon it that there is a great difference, even, between the Derby and Champion winner and the brilliant Bosworth, who I take to bo facile princeps when strung up to concert pitch, as I have not had a chance of seeing him this season. As it is, and believing my favourite three-year-old to be just ooming to his form, I oxpeot an easy win for him this time ; and so the public seem to think, too, if ono may judge from his price in the market. The weight for age races on the firat day will be very interesting, should Chester decline to pómpete for the one, and the two-year-olds show up in force for the other, as lovers of sport may well wish to hap- pen in both oases ; but, as I take it that the Autumn Stakes can only be a canter for Mr, White's rattling four year-old, I seo no reason why BO clever a trainer as Fonnelly should advise keeping him in reserve for tho big handicap on Wednesday. It is true there was more time between the Leger and Cup when Bar belle, The Prophet, and Speculation scora^ their vino | for the latter ; but I don't think a mile and a half on Monday will spoil a -good Cup enanca on the Wednesday ; and, therefore, I imagine Chester will sport silk on the firßtday of the meeting. Should the "great gun" be kept at home. Andover will fi nish in front for the mile and a half, for I don't forget how Mr. Iv-ry's nag carried his weight over tho same distance at Melbourne. As for the Trial Stakes, there will surely be_ found one among the two-year olds to como home in front of the older crowd, among which latter I shall take Santa Cruz as my pick, were I to choose one. The Doncaster Han- dicap offerB a fino field to the tipster for displaying his skill in prophecy, and putting that much-talked-of headpiece, his considering oap, to a good use, Mr.Scarr having to all appearances suc- ceeded in mystifying knowing folks very completely. Hubert is scratched for all engagements, »nd some- how I don't think any of the top weights will pull it off, although, as the distance is Tocal's to an inch, the St. Albans Btable may send him for a feeler, unlesB they keep Avernus back for this instead of the Cham pagne. My own fancy is for a three-year-old to be home first in this flutter, for they are by no means a bad crowd, with Napper Tandy, Trump YOBS, Jack o' Lantern, and K.C.B, to the fore, and nobody knows how Royal Oak may Bhapo at tho distance, with his undeniable turn of sneed. I can't afford to stand on a single pick, hut shall look for the winner among Soothsayer, Trump Yogs, and Royal Oak, if the last named be in form. The second day is big with the fate of Cup favour ites, and outsiders, and all Leger and Cup doubles, as well as Mr. Jones's great consultation, will find their level at the end of those two miles ; to settle all of which affairB comfortably there are nine-and-twenty still left, with First King and Cheater at their head. The immense gallop done by the latter on Monday morning, when, to use my informant's¡expreBSÍon, "he had a horse at every poBt, and made a winning poat_ of each," has caused his admirers to consider this race, aa well as every other he may start for, all over, except drawing the cheque, but what a wonder he must be to give such lumps of weight to a lot of real racehorses that aro behind him ; for, after all, the field is a good one for quality, if ever a field of good nags stripped foi this Cup race. I put nothing out of the power of Cheater, and never shall when he's fit and well, as he must be now, or he couldn't have compassed what wat predicated of him on this last Monday morning ; so¡ he'll be a very difficult ono to deal with when the struggle orops up between the distance post and home. I'm going, however, further down the list tc find my probable winner ; for, surely, weight must tell sometimes, and there aro more real racehorses now to the fore than when " The Black Demon " used to cut down our big handicap fields in the first mile, and choose his own pace to travel it afterwards. Th« animale I expect to see in front this time are Savanaka, Tocal, and K.C.B., which trio, with the Queensland Olivia, I take to be the best lotto trust to ; and such reasons aa I have for my thinking are summed up ir this wise. Tocal was about as brilliant a piece oi horseflesh as we had as a three-year-old, lacking onlj determination ; and what he has dono of late daye brings me to the conclusion that he has had this great desideratum strengthened eo as to be a proper assist tant to his bcrilliancy. That The Barb will have a day as a Bire I have always been convinced ; and the present belief is that Tco%l and K.C.B, are going to commence proceedings with this end in view before much more time ia over their headB. Mr. Tait'* colt only requires time, or I should say, perhaps, hat only required it, to make him a grand racehorse ; and I al way a look for such coltB to show their improvemenl at the latter end of their three-year-old season, There's nothing too good to expeot from a horse bree like Savanaka, and the weight isn't too much foi him now we know he can Btay and struggh home-a faculty possessed by no horses to i larger extent than by those of the Si; Hercules-Kingston combination. I go, therefore, or the present occasion, for the descendants of Sir Her cules to make a great show, and expect Tocal anc Savanaka to be first and second, with K.C.B, anc Olivia next best. There are a whole host of the 2C left in that haven't the ghost of a BIIOW, and might at well have been left out ; but the two top weights, Andover, The Dean, Savanaka, Wellington, Bos- worth, Tooal, Whisker, Olivia, Soothsayer, K.C.B., and perhaps a couple more, would give a race worth going miles to BOB. Lota of the others can only be in the way. The Maiden Plate should be won by a two- year-nld, probably Baroness ; the Sapling Stakes will give Gipsy Cooper an opportunity to pay his exs ; nnd the Selling Plate must be left alone till owners have determined what their intentions are ; which boing as far as I care to dive into futurity, shall wind up for this week the outpourings of mj " rjrophetic soul." I Ree that Mr. Scarr baa come out at the beck of th« AUSTRALASIAN, and treated their readers to nev tableB of weights, for Kew South Walea and Victoria thus shifting the responsibility from Captaii Standish, who, Mr. Scarr hints, has his hand as full aa they need he with the Kellys an( their sympathisers. Tho A.J.C. handicapper if I read him aright, doesn't agree with the latos scale adopted by his club, yet I was of opinion th» that scale was proposed and prepared by himself, an« not BO long ago either, as to allow for any very radioa change in bia opinions to have taken place ; therefore I suppose that the remarks of the AUSTKALASIAN am not his own convictions muat have turned Mr. Scar against what-- he brought out aftor much thounht ant study, only a year or two back. I agreo with Mr. Scarr so far aa believing that; at aome distance* tho two-year olda, towards thocloso of the season, can afford littlemon weight than thoy have hitherto been subjected to ii their races with horses older than themselves, and. dare to say that in this particular he will effect an im provement ; but I can't understand why the aam< scale of weiuhta won't do for New South Wales an< Victorin, unless it be that climatic influences inter fere prejudicially in either one or the other colong with the carrying capabilities of tho racehorses, o that a difference is made necessary by the free tradj or protection policy by which either colony i governed. 