CHINESE IN SAN FRANCISCO. (from THE 'WHITE CONQUEST.] Not far from Lock Sin's tea-house stands a big edi- : flee, first nsed as the Globe Hotel; a house four storeys high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty guests. Including vaults and attics there may be sixty rooms in all. Surrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si Tut, a rich Chinese, who re-lets his apartments to Chinese residents of the better class—to shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. Lee Si Tot takes care to have no tenant of bad repnte. A thief, a rag-picker, or a night-prowler cannot hire abed in his hotel No painted women pass bis door. Tan and other lawless games are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting is al lowed within the honse. So far as order can be made by rules, Older is said to reign among Lee Si Tnt's | tenants, and the Globe Hotel in Jackson-street may be regarded as the royal khan and summer palace of the Chinese in America. Pass in. Oh, Lee Si Tut! A sickening odour greets your nostrils on his steps. A reek comes out of every door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing stage. Thednstof years encrusts his window panes. Compared with this Globe Hotel under Lee Si Tut, a Turkish or a Spanish prison is a decent place. The banisters drip; the passages sweat. A black and fetid slime runs down the walls. And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in the rooms! Men swarm at every door, and crowd down every stage; each pale and melancholy wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in your face. A name less horror seems to brood in every corner of the house, for out of every corner glare the spectral eyes of beings feveTed by tan and stupefied with drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommodation of a single guest, is either parted into six or seven sections by a string of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the walls. Shelves are preferred, since no one cares to pay for privacy ; and a room that will only sleep six or seven In sections may be got to sleep a dozen on shelves. From vault to attic, each room is foul with smoke, and black with dirt, and choked with men. No less than fifteen hundred ghastly creatures find a lodging day and night in this Chinese paradise. Booms crowded and unwholesome I have seen be fore—at a feast in Einsiedeln, a madhouse in Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on the Nile —but nowhere have I seen human creatures packed and crushed as those tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut lets bis bouse, he says, to eight hundred tenants; which would give him, in a honse of sixty rooms, including cellars and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber; hut the ras cals cheat him, he alleges, ont of half his rent, by snb-lettihg their shelves to men who occupy them half the day. Enquiry shows me that this story of sub letting and dividing the room is strictly true. Ki Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho ; Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours and giving it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. In some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty-four hours— eight hours a piece. Yet those who lodge in this hotel live in a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the la byrinth of courts and styes, yards and entries, lying round Bartlett Alley. Here some of the first white settlers in San Francisco threw np their hives. The ground is undrained. The log shanties were ran up hastily and cheaply; and in these fever-haunted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with filth, overran with vermin, the masses of Mongolians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into caves, they borrow in the earth. In holes unfit for dogs yon may discover ten or twelve wasted creatures sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium dreamer's paradise. Worse still, if in the "lowest depth" there can be a "deeper still," is the thieves' quarter; a district run ning in and ont of more respectable quarters, with a rare indifference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter It is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramble in his purlieus should be made at night. ATI round Bartlett's Alley lie the thieves' yards and cribs; foul attics, falling balconies, underground kennels; with a few spikes of Joss-wood burning at every door. Bags rot on the ground, and garbage poi sons the air. Slush squirts at yon from under every plank, and, where the planks fail you, the earth ap pears nothing but a running sore.' Bag-shops and re ceiving houses hid in old pits and hollows nnder the plank floors. In all these damp and loathsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in their filth, their pale and ghastly faces rendered visible by the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pah! Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and desperation glowers from, every Mongol face. In passing from yard to yard yon catch the slam of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel by instinct that every ruffian standing behind these planks, alarmed by strange footsteps, and loud voices in tbe dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike, or rifle poised to fire. " Open the door I" cries your guide in a peremptory tone, stopping in front of a log cabin—"open the door!" " Yon foolee me ? Yon foolee f " No, no. Open the door!" The voice is recognised within; the door is slowly opened, and you peep into the crib; a cupboard as to size,. but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor, but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are re pulsed. To the enquiry, "Howf you foolee me?' we answer as before, " No, nobut instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside. " Go; you not foolee me!" cries a voice, accompa nied by the click of a rifle. "Hip and slide," whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. In Stout's Alley, and in the yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers—the female slaves. Let us get into the open streets ! " Yon have now seen a little of our Chinese quar ter," says my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea honse about two o'clock, and order a refreshing cup. "What yon have seen in San Francisco yon may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose, and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot he builds a China Town, and peoples it with harlots, criminals, and slaves. We get some very cheap labour, and our financiers say they need cheap labour 'to develop the country.' What think yon of the price we have to pay for onr development?' While we are sipping tea on Lock Sin's balcony, a yell comes up from tbe street below. A Chinese light is on. Ah King, a Chinese scamp employed by the city officers, and, in the slang of his Astatic country men, such a spy is called a ghost. Of late this ghost has been too ■ busy,-his "Celestial countrymen think, < even for a paid spy ; and two Asiatics, who have jnst come ont of gaol, are setting on him, one moon-face with a hatchet, the second moon-face with a knife. From every door in the street swarms ont a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and drop along the flags. " Excuse me!" says my escort, and, before I can re ply, he is gone from my side. King vanishes—like a ghost. Moon-face with tbe knife escapes, jnst as my escort swoops into the murderous circle; bat the fellow with the hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward. His weapon when examined proves to be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blood might have been at once removed, and the stainless knife replaced nnder the white smock, as clean and innocent in appearance as the soft-eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neighbour's heart. Telegrams from Rockhampton,in 'Tele graph1 :—Samuel Brown, an immigrant by the Highflyer, was drowned whilst bath ing in the river near the rocks.—Two men, riding on horseback, were washed away while crossing Alligator Creek, recently. One of the men succeeded in reaching a tree, the other was drowned. —Several large stockholders are agitat ing for the formation of a company for 1 preservation of meat by compression. 