NOTES OF A BIBLE TOUR IN SABINA. We recently gave an interesting ' ! accqunt .'.'of the visit of' the ; Rev. Mr.,;Wall toc.T-ivqli, and of . what he saw and heard of. -the .priests -in, that ancient Italian city ; we here give an account of another of his visits, with the Bible in his hand, to the towns of Sabina. , .,.. During my stay at Tivoli I had many opportunities of learning the real condition of the priesthood in the mountain towns 'and villages. Having spoken- with several, and having had visits from others; I thought it well to undertake a journey in the country, for the double purpose of bearing truth to the pastors and the people. Such a journey was for many reasons a rather delicate matter. Having had about two hundred New Testaments sent on to Subiaco, I left Tivoli at four o'clock in the morning, with Signor Grassi arid my three eliildren, for Gerano. Ascending the left bank of the Anio, passing the oliveyar'ds and vine yards of Tivoli, and the magnificent ruins .of Roman aqueducts, we soon found ourselves in bare, neglected valleys, hemmed in by bare mountains, crowned here and there with a mass of mud coloured houses around a dilapidated church tower. . Towards ten o'clock we began the ascent to Gerano, a town of. two or three thousand inhabitants. The people crowded round, us. The , priest, Don ,N wlio received us kindly, committed our donkeys to the care of a neighbour and conducted us to the House of a friend. We talked together for several hours on the religious, state of the province and the . possibility of a . religious movement among the priests themselves. No one who has only known Catholicism from what it is in England, can imagine the state in which it is here, or the ease with which a well- organised and adequately-sustained effort would wrest whole populations from the Vatican. The priest gladly accepted a copy of the New Testament and promised to come and see us in Rome. Having found a guide we now started for Subiaco. The sun blazed on the.calcerous rock which the donkeys patieuty ascended. The way, a riiule path, became almost impracticable.' At last the summit 'was reached; and'our fatigue amply, repaid !by the' view : ; of ; the .> splendid scenery, bursting up from'; welb watered' valleys or "from abruptly terminating mountain ridges! They descent1 through/an1' ancient' 'forest ''was disastrous, to 'our saddles; The ' girths' 'snapped arid deposited the' mbst'vririef able 'of our company ori'his back; The animal; undisturbed1 by such' a revolutionary change,' stood 'extended, as/if to' facilitate escape. " The process was' repeated 'on several occasions, and' always'' Hvitlr !,the! same consideration on the part 'of the 'donkey.' Soon riding and even- leading- 1 the 'dorikeys became impossible. It was now that one of them left to himself slipt and 'rolled-' to ! the .very edge -of the precipice. We were -thankful to see from his legs in the air that we should not have to' leave his carcase for the crows. 1 Like a life-boat lie soon righted and came solemnly back. As- the day declined we descended rapidly and' entered Subiaco at sunset. Shbiaco is -'a city of j six or seven thousand souls, delightfully -situ-' ated on falls of the Anio, amid mountains -which | above it rise almost perpendicularly hundreds of : feet, and below Undulate and curve' away-in the1 | distance.1 The' place was a- favourite- summer -resort with- the; ancient Romans ; Nero hada jvilla'here and artificial lakes/'- His-successors, I the Popes,1 for 'many ages resided here in the I summer. In a' grotto in the roek - near was' a j famous pagan oracle. Saint Benedict succeeded' to 'this and it became a confessional. ' To quench ! the' violence of- his passions he threw himself "on- ! to a -bed of thorns. San Francesco, who came | along seven- hundred years later, changed the : thorns into roses. Inthe- fifteenth century the ! first printing press in Italy was established here' : and that bas ejected the monks, just' as :they ; ejected the pagans. The people of Subiaco were ; most devoted to the church,- who -burnt them if they: were otherwise;7 For- ceutaries they bad1 their eyes shut arid their mouths open, so that it will require some time before they properly open their eyes and shut their moutns. When some years since I went there for the first time to distribute Bibles, the people came round me as larks round an owl on the Campagno. The priests hearing the chirping appeared on the scene. A tumult ensued, and I was obliged to take refuge in a shop from whence the police conducted me outside the city. I had left a copy of the Gospel with the daughter of the person I stayed with, and was informed some months after that she had, through reading it, had her brain turned and had been sent to an asylum. On the morning after our arrival we had con versation with two priests in the monasteries on the hill, and in the afternoon went out to talk with the people, distribute tracts, and sell Testaments. What a change had taken place in a few years. Now there was no opposition, but readiness to listen, to receive, to purchase. Whereas a few years since, here there was risk in giving away the Scriptures, now, in less than an hour, we sold thirty-one New Testaments. There is ground prepared here for any faithful servant in the Gospel. I had letters of intro duction, and after the sale I received an invitation, but we had prepared to leave. As we were staying at the same house, I enquired after the daughter who had on the former visit received the Scriptures, but only received evasive information. Just, however, as we were leaving, 1 saw a young person in the shade of the entrance, and I recognized her as the Bible reader: How many there are in Italy who are separated from us by a thousand visible dis tinctions but united by the spiritual bond the Holy Spirit creates in the heart by the Holy Scriptures ! I had intended continuing our journey fifty or sixty miles further to Sago Fuoino, where we have a Christian brother who scarcely ; if ever sees a kindred soul, but the mountain paths were precipitous, a guide said there were wolves, arid I supposed there might be brigands';, moreover, our company was not equal to top toil, so we started after sunset for Arsoli. The night was dark and not a single traveller on the road; now and then we saw the lights of a cottage window, and heard nothing hut the :shrill croaking of frogs and the murmuring Anio. We reached Arsoli towards midnight, and as usual turned a private house into an inn. (Here we found the people willing to listen, and 'in a short time sold sixteen copies. We then : started for Riofreddo, which we reached in the ! broil, of the: day. We had an introduction to jone of , the chief men of the place, who gave us (Hospitality and introduced us to persons of .his own station. Here we did not "sell 'being 'hampered by the' daws of hospitality, but we ( spoke freely, gave some copies, arid were offered' a room if we would return and preach. . The next place was Percile, A gentleman- had kindly undertaken to show us the way, which, as it turned out, he did not know him self. When descending to Percile he lost the: path, and as the sun had set we had the prospect of passing the night watching the milky way arid the shooting stars. After some delay we found -.a countryman who guided us down the rocky slopes to the piazza of Percile. We' expected to pass the night at the house of the chief priest, who, some time before, had. given us a warm invitation to the place. We halted on the piazza while our guide went, forward- to announce our arrival. The people gathered round us with great curiosity, arid soon struck their matches to get; a glimpse. Our guide returned to say the priest was ill , and therefore unable to entertain us, but, that we should be lodged at the house of a, friend. We wore received with genuine hospitality. Our host was a liberal-minded man ; his wife, a homely, intelligent woman. The family seemed numerous, although we could make ; out but, (one. bedroom, which was soon put in order; for us! The walls were as black as the chimney, the homespun linen was as white as snow, and strong - enough, the good woman informed .us, to last three or four generations. . , The' fire > soon blazed in the spacious fire-place on the ground, and we were supplied with steaming maccaroni and parched maize for supper, after which we slept, one on the supper-table,: . tlie rest in the linen referred to. Our position . here . was rather delicate, being anxious not to compro mise the priest, and resolved to do, any work the Lord set; before us. On the following morning we received a letter from the priest containing an;-; explanation'- and apology. While I was engaged in conversation on the Gospel, thegood woman passing two and fro heard sometoingtbat induced her to come and jpin.us.;,. She saidj.the conversation pleased her, and would also, like, to listen. From this moment, duririg- our.stay, the most of our time was taken ,up-in conversing with .this -woman, ; who.; proved,, to; be a; most anxious enqiurer; after, truth. !, She.,hacliiceiase'd to believe in many ; dogmas ...of . the , .church slie still , attended; and ,was . longing ...:f or .spriiething better. Being, to,,. , easy, ..circumstances, -.and having influence in the town, she had engaged in some charitable work. /No.vy.thatf, she heard and 'received the. Gospel, she desired to be the means of propagating it.:; I ; gave her "all the help I could, and-left.a ;.-fe,w.-Now';Testa'inents- with her for; her neighbours. .;Ye.wereiriyited to. preach publicly, but,. /for, -various, reasons,' kept to individual work, hoping to be able, to send the preached ".-Gospel,, to -that population,' which seems entirely: opposed to the Church of Rome. -,;; k. In the afternoon we - rode along ;tbe . banks of ; the; classical stream; . Digentia— '.' Mi - quoties : rejicit gelklus - Digentia rivus"— to Sicenza, , a mountain -village -of,-; a ; thousand inhabitants.. Wo. gathered some : few/ together, and. after ; speaking to them left some .copies of the i Scriptures with them.; . Pursuing our. way' do\yn I the valley, we passed the site of the /Villa , of ; Horace, and the Romantic glen and the spring- iindentified by some with:Fons Bandtisi;e. . The, whole valley is delightful. ; The hills, are'.lqfty,; ; the woods ancient and dense,, . the moiint'ains. ' gushing and clear, the stream babbling . and strong, all softened by this .glorious sky, .arid; ; lighted . and shaded and quickened. by./ the Italian sun. : The day was now. deelinipg,J:the. vesper breezes playful with toe rising. shadows, and a length' of white mistjivas ascending like a river ghost from the Anio vvhen - ye reached its banks. The zodiacariigHPfaded," the brief twi light failed,'' the - quickJdarkries's''-feH;i; 'arid the ; heavens seemed to tingle ahd tremhle with.'Stara. The safe, soft tread of the donkey, hroakirig monotonously the silence, induced reverie. Wo had been " into the regious beyond." We had seen how the very camp of Rome might - be entered and lier own slaves armed'for the 'great revenge of God. How mournful toe state and future of these populations. On the finest soil, in toe best of climates, where all is beautiful and all is classic, the relics of n noble race, the children of the mighty, have fallen to famine when the com or the olive fails, to tho bondage of the usurer in need, of the quack in sickness, of the witch and the priest all their life ! In such a district it seemed a single Christian would indeed be a " living epistle, " the Christian table an agapce, toe industrial school a picture of Providence, the orphan house a homily on fatherhood, the hospital and refuge sermons on free grace, the Christian family a type of heaven. . And there far out in the almost desert Sabine districts, I seemed to see some men, some colonists of Christ and lo ! the priest disappeared with the wolf from the wood and the snake from- the grass, the friar married the witch and retired with malaria and monastic maladies, the rock: was pierced and precious ore glittered in the sun, the tamed torrent laboured at the mill, the waste was closed ; the vine vied with the olive, the orange with the fig-tree ; the soil yielded double harvests, the fiocks double offspring ;; human life was doubled in duration, raised to; its own level, and having slipped its coils of sin revelled in the light of God. The Bible, the; evangelist,' Christian Society ! The reverie' ended when - the midnight lamps appeared .ia5 sight, arid the feet of the donkeys: clattered oiL the old: Roman stones of Tivoli. a Rome Sept. 16. — English Daper. J/.WALL.;,,; 