MELBOURNE. [FROM OU owN CORRESPONDENT.] Monday, January 6. Mesre. J. H. Clough and Co. report:--There was a large attendanae at our wool sales to-day, and fully Iondon prices were realized; in some instaneea higher. Even the Maryborough people are beginning to denounce the swindle which thle present Government perpetrated by forcing on the country the Maryborough and Gympie Railway; as witness the following para graph from the letter of the Maryborough eorrespon 'lent of the Courier, which appesred in yesterday's Issue of that journal :-The Government are preparing for the " tuo of war" next session, as far as their sup porters in this district are concerned, by at last in viving ten-l' for the second section of the Gympie Railway. Whether they have any intention or will 'a in a poeittin to accept one when the tenders come in ; whether the present extension of this monstrous job is financially justifiable; whether, if it were so, the money could not be expended with tenfold more profit tothe interests of the district by making a line to the Bor rum, and thus providins a modicum of traffic for the section already made; whether, in fine, the acceptance ,f a tender for the second section would tend to re ;live, or contrariwise aggravate, our continued and in creasing impecuniosity ; these are questions whereon a very wide difference of opinion prevail, in town at present. The compromise between the A.S.N. Company and its seamen as effected in Sy !ney during last week has, (we (Cosrier) are told, been productive of no result as ar as the seamen on strike in this port are concerned. The Katoomba, which left here on Monday, had her full complement of Chinese crew, and these, at any rate, will be cruising in Queensland waters for another fortnight. -There are several boats about to leave Sydney for Briabase, and these will doubtless be manned by Europeans, but should they bring their f-ot number there seems no chance of the strikers here being taken on. However, it is scarcely to be sup. posed that the Seamen's Union in Sydney have deliberately left these men out in the cold, as they hare previously shown no desire to do so, and we can but hope that in a few days the cloud which now threatens to ore-shadow the settlement of the past dJlleiulties may be dissipated by reassuring news from Sydney. The Sydney correspondent of the Glea Innes Ex ainer says:--" A few days ago a strange adventure befel Mr. Richard Ridge. He was travelling, and in his buggy were two cattle-puppies, a number of charts of the country he had been examining, 125 revolver cartridges, a pound canister of powder, and a Lve bhrrelled revolver, loaded. Whilst driving along the Warrego be heard one of the two dogs growling, and, on looking down, discovered the bugey on fire. He at once freed the horses, and. on returning to the buggy, eond that the dogs had been burnt to death. While he was in the act of rescuing the luganethe cartridges bega taexplode. Bulletlefw aboutinalldirectiuon,and he was hit in three pla- es, but not senously lhurt. About this time his eompynion, Mr. Robert 'Nel, came up. Mr. Ridge mo?uioned him to keep away, but, not understanding the warning, he continued to ap. proach, when a bullet flew past his ear. The revolver by this time commenced firing, and the canister of powder exploded. shattering the buggy to pieces, but without injureng Mr. Ridge, who was close by." TrE ABOaItonts' tDEA oF THE. DIPSIro ON or tMsALnsD.-There was a time when men and women were numerous. In some partse of the earth they were very numerous. Th y were wickeds and Pundjll (the supreme bemng) became angry. PaYdjd beesme very sulky when he saw that men and women were many and very had. He caused storms to arise and fierce winds to blow very olten. In the tat lands there arose suddenly whirlwinds of great force, and .In the mountains the big trees were shaken with strong minds. Pandjil came down to see the men and women. lIe spoke to no one. He carried with him his big knife. With has knife he weat into the encampmente, and he cut with his knife. He cut this way and tint way, and men, women, and children he cut into very small pieces. But the pieces into which he cut the men, women, and children did not die. lEach piece muoved as Ibe worm moves; great, sreat storms sirid wharlinds came and earried away the pieces that moved like worms, and the piwces btesme like flakes of snow. They where lifted to the clouds. The elouds carried the piece hither and thither all over the earth, and Pundjil caused the piece to drop sn such plsces as he pleased. Thus were men and women scattered over the earth. Of the good men and women Pundjl made stars. The stre are stall in the hearema, and the sorcrer rcan tell which aooing the stars are the gool men and eodl womeno."-B-rough Smithl's " Aborig?es of Va?oeoona.r A titlero StSouts\wnit.-A young artist of this city, who was " favourably mentioned" at the lst anr exhibition, rtad with much gratit?lmato the elever httle story that has been gong the rounds of thb unrwIpaprs of late retesdsag another famous painter -Landoeer. it mems that a few years before the latter's death he went to a London bank to have A chequs cash?d. The teller requirsd the gret animal. painter to identify himself before the money could be paid. A. the artist tnew no one in that partof I.ondolt, the situation was an annoring one. Suddenly ads ode ocurred to him. " You have a·er egeravings of Laadeer's works P" he inquired. " W\hs. of course." replrle the lteller; * have his ' Three Friends' in my own parloar" Iandner seisod a bit of t6ottint-paper and a pencil, and, with a few hurrned lloes, reIrodu?d tIhe famous triosof hores heds. Without anobl.er word the money was paid o.vtr. our no?toe pintser, whom we will colt lsouboey, as that is ne his nsme, was very much strsek by thi a ut and o the sent day hm thought he would anrtatsu if true genius obtained toIe nmse InstlltE recogtnition in this cuountry as in toi Ol.. Arming himself with a eheque on the Neaada uank for $1e00, be proceeded to that insatiotiio and presented the me, " But I don't know you, er.," at ones repld the teller. u Hes yen ever betn tahoeaa the rooms of the Art Awaeistl?nP" t " ertinYl." ' Very well, then." reploed i). dirasn t off his glovet, like the L'aar of Hustls ater llevna, "jut and meas a bht of blotlinltpaper and a pencil." In a few mo ments he handdl the paper back to the telles " 'Th'e air do you se that P" " Yea, I do, What of at " '' What don it remind you ofP" and the land.rape.maon Suiled ffably pola the eorwd of slcks toalt had h v Atbs time rollc'tedl. " It looks like a retion of a hair mattrssa," said thle tuak Iulial. " tlhIut and oehre. man ! that's a ~ ~uh copy of tle I'etalumua iootll,.' and asy name ia- ltun ey." o" Don't eare if t's Judas lmariot a you basen't any money tio tiis bank." " Why, dld--tdd-L4.adeeer hase any itn that bhak P" reased the astonished young ma.t, " What tew you living usa" groeaed btheltil. " Do you know I've a mued to hand ya over to the palice" " I gure the poor doevil is only a little erasy " said a kind-hebrted hahbilwer, loohka up frolm Ihis ledger. "'lter just hase the porter Gre him out." Wheo lhubney reached the sidewalk, and got his coal eollartooaotshed straight again, he reme to the rotneletoll thlat either letltio art hbadn't the ghost of a hw in thils ammuunity. or also thee mwas Mndethlg in that Landsete story that he hadU't qaite got the hang after all.- 'ir.eisis Ci04Y Apo lAs wife was hlding her h?sband's sding head la her haMtds se meorming. she asked." a mae and his 'Wile am?" "I supapo se. a mid le bsee baned. "Test; ,ilmpled the wife, "'I came boee drunk last uight, mad ought to he ashamed madl,"f qu"" me a.-' i b- e ai xhh epeal . 