:3sroaa,HBKi«rN;E'\«®- \- Rocsofcuiraoit,' TuosJiv. Tho Watoswitch arrived yoeterdajt frorrt, Newcastlo with a cargo «f coals. The (iiu6ens». land, s., sailed this mo— ^ng fo't-Brisbo^e.. Grrat ^complaint? arc- hoing. i^ide ivi oonBa* qnonoe of the delay, -wWch is. takingl^ilaco ito- mo paymennto ino VMUmteoesi Ot taoi oapjta tion grant, .and tho aiaount'dua for cttendPnce.. at the Easter encpmpiaent. Bdsinws in Tita A -isEa»i-T.— tfiovernment buniuees.takea preojdenoe in tho Aseembiy- to- day, TJat part o» tha Gcrernor'S. Speech; tid dressedto the Assembly w.''l: be iraad-, and tho preb'-r'nary step&wr1; ho ♦'ken to. ehafeto tho Houeb to conaidw tho Esticpiatesi for tio half ycnr„ to-morrow» The Hnanoieli Difltm'cta Bill) the Bill for tho Regulation, of Mipos,,tJle., Divi sional £oii rac, r.lcoxjriu 1£o11b, IjiconBing BcnrdB, Cilm Jap's Expult-:ou, Si'lo of Food and DrngB, and Stamp Dtzties Acii of 1 A mend Bills will most likely pass through their first stage. It 13. also pr&bablb; that ono or more of the three Government billa whiich..havo passed a first rea'Jing — Ths Queensland Coast Bill, tho Impounding Aot Amendment Bill, land the Election of Mombera dui jog tho Reooss Bill^ may bo brought forward for second reading. Atnongqt tho notices of motion, is one by Mr. Pring ior leave to introduce a Bill to provide for an additional membor for the Y'Uey, and a nimi}ar motion by Mr, Morohead, for an addi tional member for the Mitchell. Mr. Dickson is sai down for two notioea of motion for tho pro duction of returns connootcd with tho Govein ment Banking Aooount. . j Commercial. — Messrs. Barker and Co., of I Eaglo.Btreet, received advlcos tbis 'morning !. from Adolaido and Melbourne stating that flour is advancing iu both places in coosequonoo of the publication of Victorian fttatistioa showing a defloionoy the article of 30,00# tons. Messrs. Barker and Co, now quote an advance [ of £1 pir ton. This Vallbv Election. — A ruinour waB Bet afloat to-day that Mr. II. M. Slcwiri1, of tho fciii of Scott, Dawnoa, and Stewart, ?ntoadod to offor himself as a -randidnto for tho vacant Beat for Fortitudo Valloy. Wo have authority for strptiug that Mr. Stewaii, hp's no inteauou of tho Wild. — Mr. Pring will address the electors of Fortitude Valley at tho Clrarcli of England schocfeom, to morrow ovonrcg, at S o'clock ; and JSV: Beattio wil' hold a t meeting on Friday ovonins ut the Oddfellows* Hr^, Bri'Tiswicl.*-- , street. Rumour has it that Messri). S. W. j Q.iffith, J-. R. Dickson,. C. S. Mein,aud Alder- ?' man M'Master have jomtly gn*ranteed to pay ' Mr. Beatiie's oleetionoei-ing erpen»Qs up to £1,000. This, if true, ought to lead to some ineusurc of success. : PaorosED 'J'hf-atbe. — A- meeting of gontle men was heli at the offioa- of Messra, Wilson nnd Wilson yesterday afternoon, with tho object of takix^f steps to liscertain? whether it i» practicable at the present time to' form a company for tha purpose of timldics? a theatre : in this city. Amongst those present were ' Messrs Johu T/wt, J. de Poi^'Tyroli M-. L. A., .T. A. Buchanan, 8. Kaye, 11. Newton), W. A. Wilson, J. Warde; and D. Wilscm. SJr. George ; Browne, C. E., was also presontj and'eaplnibfd the nature of a scheme- he had! ftrmuilited for ' the erection of a epacious and elegant* ojf era- ! house, with a cafe and shops .'ittnehoth Tie coat of the proposed building? of the- land I reqpired, and the incidental expensesj. were estimated at £22,060* J Awhile the incoinetobe expected was estimated ot £3,£{K-; or abont 115' ! p-:?' cent, clear. A somber of offers of sitn for Hi o- building were- read, eidj after discus sioai- the chairman, Mr. Wurde, oBjfgesledJthat a public meeting shou lilbe convsned withithe ' [ \lcv- ot arriving at the- opinions cfrthe general- ;? publio-oni tho subject. This was agreed to,, a i committee were appointed ' to arra-jge preilmit narres,.and by advertisement in anothtrcoSmm' it; wilI be seen that the- m' sting-' is' to take plftoo* at the Chamber o£- Commerce,- TSwn- ]. Hall^on Fjj^ay evc-Q'rg.: It wastfcated-'at.tiye i meeting- that half the capital needed'.«an berob- : taineJ^in- the southern colonies, and'lif s»,'.we- I certainly, think the oitizen»-of 'Brisbane' ought- ;? to-raiso- th& remainder. Scacrcely- tmy^undbr*- * taking? is-more calculateSto benefit tho town , than^the oa» in question, nofc alone i&'a moral , and-sotnal) hot also in aacaonetavjr- ppint of' ' view. The-amonnt of QiLeemsland 'noney'thati : is anm«ally expended in Sy^Jieyand'Hilbourne ' in obtaining that rational amoaementr ?s&ich;' 'i»- 1 not to be had here, wouli-ibiild halKi-dozen , ' theatres-. ... . RiiLWwijir Accident. — Anaecident which, all- i though slight and nnattendetT by injurytcaused- | ip! dela-*. of: two hours ingitbfr trafEb ? of ' tbo-- , Southem. and Western EiiWay, occurred lasti i evenin^rat Moggill Ferry. It* was necessary to- I shunt at*thia place, and ar. error of tho points — ^ man. caaseditwo wheels of tfiii engine tenddr'tjoi j leave the line ; the trains thns became-iminoW able, and-th& lino was hlaleked. The mishap was - easily remedied, and train urrrrod I in I ; :Brisbase at twenty minutes past nin* in- th& eveningv St. H&omas;* 8vKDAY-sCEeo3L, Toowokb.— The ichildren of this school a^itheir pfrccta-and Xiiendoopenta pleasantandinteresting afternoon on Sunday inthe Institute, Toowong, whioh-waa. kindly granted for the. occasion :\\-ee of: oharge, by Mr: W. H. Wilson. Tne B:«hop of.- the dioceso-pre^'iJed oh fVu3 ocwon, and presented ? each of*' the*. children (lOOi An. number) with a. pi'ze iu .the shape of a valuable and interesting iwork.. Tweaity-thrr a were. cpec-al prizes, and consisted of popular end' classicpl wci-Vsi of javen'lo liteVatrre, ji:ofo*iy iMuvUat3d' and, elegantly, bound. These -were given byMrs. W.Hi Wilsen. The. pE0seed:*igs commenced' ?with- the sing'i'g of one- of the children's hymnst given with n liioh fervour. Afterwards tho Rev.' Sobeit Clreyks. offerVd up player,, this- boing. followed by another hyn'n nicely sung. The- Bishop then delivered an address, in the conrae of which h'fl lordahip expre--od surprise- at: findin; ; Buoh- a large and- oom foctable room. He enlarged upon- the benefits; of Sundt ly-sohtools, nnd thei-. duty o£i educating tho yoang. religioualy.- At the- -conclusion of t'he'p.ldress the Bishop pre sented the. prizes , w) 'ch interestiug ' eveat seemed to be highly gratifying* l^therecipients Mr. W» Xj. G. Dre w then, delivered a practical addiess^mat--)g ment'oniof the servieo of the teachers,. The proceedings olosed' with the-, hen- rciii-a. The Bebxieioh ? Show.— Mr; William Castles, pf Castle vale, pimpama, wriioa.asfol ilows coneeiaing the 32}-:bits of 'arrowroot at ! the Bian'eigh Show ' IPfeimit me to- correct an imprs -sion made 'op on ' the public1 by your insertion of a letter, on Friday last signed; ' Lahoy and dons,' which, if allowed i to pass unchallenged, may injure, our future- shows- at' iBaenleigh. Ia blaming the judges fer giving my, arrowroot first joiae^they supportit by.stat iug: '-that nearly the- yniahnovlB opinion of oa looUors- was that thNns-ehouild have been firefc.' Hfcie-is hvcorreot, as m any good judges- there aajaidesed theirs should oiily have heed seoonci,1 ?whilo- opinion ,80C,(Bfld, J?etty equally, divided-.. Tihe fn-ther argument osed by .thbm^ -that be aonso they had fiaetipriafis in '77 a rsd 'JSj.tiaBo. iora-they should havelmd it now^.is' txplluned :hy th» fact that they never competed with ours before, this being-tho first' year ofi'du'r''iiianu-' ffaotoro; .whiloj a. further evidenco ot1 ouy 1 qpality is the.factithat we have tafcten every fi iai 1 .prise medal fon-vzhioli wo hav.e ' abmpeteS s'lbe' iwo commenced'atnanuiactunhg.' . . . , ^ ! Keut ANii. Minsh: .^s. — A. largo ' audienco assembleii at the theatre last night to greet the Ko''y andXeon M:'%E,.e*i. 'Trie' I accounts of ; the snpeesses aihiov; i by j-Cbls-! company in, the southern,, cplonies lod the audience to. cxp-»it a fc.ot df-l| noxdid their expectatioaa fn'l of -rpi'-'-Mition; -The first part of tilo- even'ig ' ' was devoted to what is. knoY* j in connection' with Negro minstnilsy ob the. '-ohair business.' In this part ssmo excellent singing, comio and scntimoptal, was furnished: by Messrs., Kelly, Courtiight, Frederioks, E., Lester, Beaumont HpjifV Rlirritl(*». nnrl W. 'Rnll. f.Kn nnnfu -irine* interspersed with comic.'- qjuips ?nd cranks by the ' comer men.' The Becoad part opened, w ith: a scene entitled 'Twilight in the Park,!' in whiqh Sir. Leon dioplayed his adir:.rablo powers as a delineator of. female ehatacter. The actor wi3 for the tinui. being a woman, and aot. a caricature of the sex; and his singing wub as remarkable as his actiug, soma of hia irzaura passages exhibiting a considerable amount of excoution. The costume worn wasa very handsomo one, and no Parisian clcgnntt could have exhibit. 2 it to hotter advantage then d:d Mr. Leon. A comicality entitlod 'A Five Cent. Shavo' which followed, produced ror a .of laughter, a re markable dw-f- Tapanc3e Tommy— making a very ludicrous Jlr. Courtright saug and danced in a pioce of occontiicity called ' Flewy Flewy,' and had to repeat the porforinanco. The entsctainment wut brought to a con clusion by a musical oomedy, entitled ' llis Graco the Duke,' capitally actod by MesBrs. Kelly, Loon, Courtright, I ater, Ball, and Miss Eva Davenport. Mr. Leon appeared in this pioce as Zouisa Cheringitn, and was ns admir able aa jn his previous oharaoter. Ho was capitally supportod by Misa Davenport. Mr., Kelly was excellent as tho distressed .mt^page^ The eujertainmejil wjU b9' repefit^^thiii e*en«' to*., j ..-..'..I A Goon Tini'r inn' C.'-jd oavj. — As there was no intention of moving an omondment to the AddreBs in Reply, and Walsh was in 'another place,' and Ivory was away, and Morohead and Amhurst very quiot on iHe iniDisterinl side of the House, tho dobato woH.d have been as cheory as it was decorous, but lor the 'honourable' mombor for Bundanha. He was hind enough to enliven tho proceedings. It may bo in tho recollection of many of my readers that Mr. Hcndren w»s tho ehouen of I tho teetotallers' of Bundanba at the general election. They concentrated their forceB on Shat occasion, ^ ^ voted for hint to a man, and so oarried hhn1 in victoriously by a good majoiity, Their choice wae a very happy ono from their point'of view. H-o is tho most successfi'l advo cate of total- absliiuonco that I havo seen or heard of for many a day. I do- not think I ever felt so much' inclined1 to go at once and sign tho total absijnenca pledge as I did whon I left tho ABSomblp on Thc:d»y night after seeiu'g and hearing' this- honourable, member; tho ohose» of Bandanba. Ho pretended to be tipsy.and actid-tho character so very naturplly that raany persons really beliovrd that he was far gcoo in intoxieatiun. It wa» a ma),aifieent piece of acting.. Aftos tho member for Clermont had been ' on hia legs-' for some timo, moving the Address in Reply,, the hon. member for Bundar.ba coulU be seen from tho prcBs gallery coming np the' lobby towardB the bar by a series of short tacks, with imm:uent danger of a 'jibe' every time he eltercd his course. 'W ben ho-reaohed the bar he steadied himself for some time by holding on with both hands to one of tae-post» at the entrance to the ohamber, and looking wildly round. Then he examined tha ceiling very intently, smiled a vacant sort of. drunken sro-'le-, end Bhook b'fl head as ii in. deprecation of somebody or sometbing in.or about' that part of the build rag. i.fter this, - and. balancing himself for the effort, 1 to made ai roan ibr the bauK Opposition cross-bcinch where he landed in safety- beside the- juni ior member for South Brisbane. Here he sat s miliog-in the same mannor, or shaking his head in a^ mournfully imbecile fashtoti for some tin ie. . -l%«n.he: glared ferociously at Mr, Weld-B; lundell/ and told him to' shu-r- iap.' Mr. Blu udelli stopped for a moment, looked across a; t the hon. member, and then went' calmly ata with- his speech.' By and by the i hoo. men iber fonBundanba again frowned upon him, and told him-to ' shur-rup,' but he would not do it.' Then he ordered him to ' dry-up' io a still more, imperative manner, and as th's did sot ihave the desired effect, his indigna tion be cat ne incoherent, and was expressed :-i ttian|{e wild howls, or exokmfition. Clae lato ; Colenial Treasurer went to h'm and evidi antly tried-' ; to persnade h'.tn to have don( i w23v thia-.-moet admirable; 'fool-' ing, but -tie' member for ' Bundanta wor'd' not do it. His objpot clearly was to shame the tipplijog mombeii.pf the Assembly :nto .sobriety1 by 'giving -them, a vivid representation of tho appearance they. made when in their cups. I believe the lesson, was not without its effect, 'for I -never saw.- men, look more ashamed of [themselves than seme of the members of the HonSe . did. while- the- performance was pro ceeding. At last, to complete the repre i sentation, and give it a climax, the mem ;ber for ^Carnarvon, the- Liberal ' whip,' went to the hon. mentor for Bundanba and evi jdentlj offered to- 'shoat ' for him intiere freshment-roonv for,. in a stage-whisper, dig-' . tinotly heard in every park of the House, tho latter said, ' a'rish o'man,' and staggered out' [to interview Mrv Baldwin. . It enlivened the, ! afternoon proceedings- in a wonderful morner, and kept the rajprtens- gallery -n a constant Btate of titter while ib lasted, when otherwise, the occupants would have been dreary to the verge of melancholy- But I think the member for Bundanba carried, the ioko a ' lee-tle ' too far,' for I afterwards buw him staggering about George. street in.juBt the same hoj jloES, aimless and vacant manner, with tho sumo imbecile smile upon his face. Although a teetotallers' member, he heed not exaggerate the stupid follies of a drunken sot. Even the devil him self oughtto havo' his- dno and not be vilified. — Odd N otes by. a, ' Bohemian.' Miscellanea.. — The last two nights of Carlton's Ghost entertainment at the old School of Arts are- advertised. : -The correspondent of the Darling: Ibwns Gazette- write3 -under date tho 11th instant:— 'The Macintyro is now rising fast,, and a disastrous flood- is expected. Mr. Green, tho bridge contractor, .has been busily employed in removing all his staging again'from the work in progreBB, having too good reason to appre hend the -neariand- unwelcome approach of tho coming ,'delugev This will be the fouxth 'flood this y eiir for this- district.' A CniLimaN'-'s Bm,l. a Hundred Yeaes Ago. — Mrs Elizabeth- Montagu w'ub (says tb@ QttcmJ a, literary lady of the . last cen ury, born, in 17'20 and living till 1800. She- wrote ' An Essay, on the ^Vritings and Genius of Shake speare,' whibh,gav6'ier..much-j;epuitation- and ? Bhe fo^nded-tho famous Iilue StcK'kui?;, Club, a literary sooiety' whfch owed its/name' to' the fact that ane Mar. Stillmgfleet,' whow;as a mem ber of it, wore bfne stocking?. ' ISIrs- Montagu's I letters have. some, of them been' pitbBah'ed,' and ' one of ithem, dated 'Hill.streat^ Apjril H, ! 1779,' exiotly' a /century ago^ cohtairia 1 tho ! following.- pleasant passage about' ivjiavenije ball} { '^t Marlborough) House : 'I caarted '.my little- ; man^to; ^rbttlS ' at ' Marlborough ' HouBo oa ! Mondajj night.' We'-yreiit at' sevopj and' dill ' not getjMmtf UO on6:in the- morning:'' ThS' weathea, was cool, tho apartments wore, large, an3':HigJi.;: there .jwerp, nine conplbs of littlb folk'sJ'tTOio a£l danced very itoli. The Duko^if MurlbooougUi s children aro remarkably hand some.. Between ton and eleven there- was a fine supper for the dancers and it ' was very entertaibinff to -}ee{littlq beaux flattering little bolles^nd; Kttlo .holies, flattering little baaux, with aa mubh Spirit , as they would da. ten years-honee, Tho fluke of Bedford Beams a fine Kealtiy boy, which l:wna glad. to soa for without/ health his groat inheritanco would giyo but' little- pleasure. I thiuk the next, genora ticoiwill extel tho last in dancing ; I wish they rnaji excel us in everything. I hnii many' compliments on tho ' appoaranco aid auinners of my littlo.man ; ho Sada irood ear anddahbes weH.. Tho Duchess, off Marlborough invited only the parent o£ the young folk8- and two or. threo particulau- bishops and Mj-s. Mopro wore thero.' Th'o '-little man '.of tho lettor aeoms to havo btion- a nephew. How little ohange a hundre^yoars-havo inado Our groat grandfathers and grandmothers weio moro like ourselves than wosometimuB think. , Rhvortinq Miabiune — Among, apparatus whioh may bo callod litora./ »ds — writing, calculating, aadi othor macliinoi — soen at the Paris Exhibition, was ono which attracted much attontion,.and which has. not yet boen introduood iato.this country. It iB known as La MachintjSicnDfnphiqm MutAela, the namo of its inventor. The claims mado respecting it aro very broad. In the fir3t placo, it is do clared that after a fortnight's practice, any person of ordinary abi'ity can take down ?' i shorthacd characters any speech, however rapidly dolivored. It ip a email instrument, piano Ktso in form, with twenty .two koj'8, white and Waek, and tho stenographic eharai tBra aro small and impressed ou slips of paper, Siguor Mioiiela claims to havo clasaifieJ alL tho sounds which tho human organs of Bpooch aro capable of producing, aud to have bo con structed hia machine that it shall roport with unerring fidelity -whatever is satd, German; Rreuoh, Italian, and Spanish, and it may bo tukon for granted that English iB also included ns tho exhibitors announce their intontioa of intioducing the maohino. into this counilry Tho inventor ©von bolioves that his machine will do much towards tho realization of that philosophic! dream, an univorsal language. To what extent the hopes of tho inventor may be realized, at riourso remains to, bp seen but1 tho | machine ^c^tpioly highlyluKfiaioue, aadteauiB to worlt y.;.;,.: U-j 