THE END CROWNS ALL. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY, CHAPTER THE 1ENTH. HOIST WITH HIS OWN PETAED. BY THE EDITOR. God! tis a fearsome thing to see That pale wan man's mute agony,— ' ' The glare ef that wild despairing eve. Now bent on the crowd now turn'd. to the sky As though 'twere scanning in doubt and fear The path of the spirit's unknown career. So off Brummy went, leaving George excessively dispirited. On his way to Hie Three-mile, -where, in a not jincelebrated shanty, he purposed to hold his spree, he halted at noon, and as his wont was on such occasions, lit a fire and made himself a quartpot of tea. While reclining with his head resting on his swag and serenely contemplating the infusion of his " post and raj Is," he was saluted with. " Be that you?" " It aint my ghost. What, Brocky, where have you sprung from. Sit down* man and have pipe. What's the news?" The new arrival on the scone was an old man looking in the very last stage of misery.. Unwashed, unkempt, with his face? seamed with the ravages #f small-pox, and with his clothes (mere, rags) hanging on. him in scarecrow fashion, Bxpcky was not a credit to his species. -He was an old ally of Brummy's,. and was now looking for a job-on' his' ,way <from ian exhaustive spree at the Three-mile. Over their tea the old men yarned, as only two • 6uch inen :could, discussing the characters of masters, the merits of sheep dog?, j&earer8;,_-an(L supers, the potracyii'mflpte iind the iniquities of different publicans. • Bpimmy invited his friend to return to the Three-mile, and Brocky, who from Ms extremely dilapidated appearance, one miglit have imagined had had quite enough of sprees for many a long day, ajccepted the invitation in tlie -most cordial Bpirit possible. i ^The?shanty at the Three-mile, kept by •Jamtffl Thorne/ was a building of most unpretending character, from whose roof of bark, dingy whitewashed slabs, •whose, interstices were clay stopped, door of hide, and windows of unglazed calico, no one would ever imagine it to be what in sober reality it was—a much frequented shrine of a much believed in deity. Brummy and his friend were received with prodigous respect by Mr. Thome, who ushering them into lus only parlour, whose: chief • features were a table covered with a greasy oil-cloth, and a faded- tinselled picture representing som& forgotten, theatrical celebrity, as acPSLrmoirr olad warrior ih ail exceeding sensational attitude, was not long before he set before them the welcome, the thrice prayedfor, the most strong, -the most beloved rum. It is but fair to state that Brummy entered upon the discussion of his second glass with greater satisfaction than he had upon the first, seeing that amongst other things Thome had during that interval told him and Brocky about the circumstance of Halliday having been arrested at Wallagoonda for the murder of Mr. Muirhead. "Well," thought Brummy, "if any cove has confessed to what I kqow he could not have done by any possibility whatever let him act up to it, that's all. She's right anyhow, and if that idiot's fool enough.to remain at Koodoojradoo, and I don't suck him dry, why hi6 name's not Mitchell nor mine Brummy." And Brummy confirmed his views on the subject by the quaffing of his second lass, which had the effect of presenting him in a most pleasing character to Jessie Thome, who loved the open artless manner which' rum has the property of producing on old gentlemen of caurse and uncultivated idiosyncrasies. It was by a pure accident that George Pitzroy heard of Charlie's arrest and confession. A gentleman driving along the road had asked him" to hold his liqfto for a moment while he re-arranged the harness, and not venturing to insult George's willing acquiescence with an offer of pecuniary reword, had asked him if he would care to road the latest weekly paper. George had answered gladly in the affirmative. On the stranger's departure almost tlie first glance of perusal had hit upon ; poor Halliday^s name—printed in large 'etters—in connection with the late awful murder at Hoodoogadoo. The sight of. it fturly staggered George, and for one moment or so upset his faith in Mrs. Hub-head's innocence; upset it because he jumped too hastily o the conclusion that Hallidoy, hai' earned the truth from her the. news determined him to do, and that was with immediate haste to go off to the Three-mile after Brummy, in a^ssj: '-----g^ltlof matter he He left his sheep on the run and marched off for Thome's, with long, impetuous strides. On thoroad he met Mitchell, who asked him coarsely where his flodk was. "I have.leftlny'tthe'ep, Mr. Mitchell, pnd .Jth^t'eithe, .honest, truth, Jind so if you like to sendthe police afterme ypu can, but I shouldn't advise you to' say or do any more than simply order me back, which order, however, I candidly teU you I shallnot obey." "Pretty cool, that. Well go and be . That's all the harm I wish you, any way. A man who .would leave his sjieep. that way aint worth the trouble of ordering back.'' Mitahell, in fact, was not sorry to get rid of Fitzroy. He bad' never spoken much to ' him,' but Mrs. Muirnead's kindness to George had ranked sorely in Mitchell's eril heart.' He hated George, and was afraid of him, and so, as is natural under such circumstances, heartily purged him, as cowards and fools always do;when in a similar position. • Fitzroy got to Thome's about fortyeight hours after the arrival there of Brummy and his friend. 'Two days of unlimited drinking had not without leaving a result of a most unpleasing character upon the two old men, who, when George entered the shanty, were reclining in a helpless •state of drunkenness upon the earthen floor. ' . On the, way down Fitzroy had ihade up his mind , that come what would he would not let anything stronger than water pass hiB lips until he had done all that he could to clear up the mystery, and to release Halliday from what he knew to be a false position, Towards evening, Brummy's state of utter helplessness passed into the next grade of maudlin semi-consciousness, George, who had carefully watched him lest more drink should be given to him, seized on the first glimmer of consciousness displayed by the old man to lead him off into the bush for a quiet* stroll. But a difficulty presented itself, as Thome, with considerable tact, had fat an early period removed his wooden leg and stowed it away in one of the bedrooms. After a little manoeuvring, however, the leg was obtained and strapped.on, and Brummy led out into the sunshine, which he hadn't seen consciously for two whole days.. George, by dint of much persuasion and considerable trouble, induced him to sit down* beneath a wattle on the banks of the Three-mile Creek, a nice shady retired spot, some three miles from the shanty. Brummy for some time kept on incessantly. demanding more ruin, but after a little while fell aeloon Fitzroy then adopted the tactics of Thome, and depriving his sleeping friend of -his leg, concealed it in some neighbouring bushes. He then went back to the shanty, got' some food and tea, and two or three glasses of runt i a -bottle, and returned again to the;' wattle shade, where he found;Brummy still fast asleep. He did not wake him, 4 but occupied himself by lighting a fire and gathering some wood, as he had fully made up his mind not to., jet the old man leave the spot until ue had exhausted all his ingenuity in attempting to -discover what it was he knew respecting the murder. An enormous amount, of patience before the following morning met with its reward Through the whole night Brummy had asked, begged, prayed for .rum—in turns for his owd sake, for God's sake, with complete ignorance in whose interest it was that he was really asking. George, from the stock-hQ had provided, gave hiiri draughts of firewater in orderto pacify his craving,^ and was accordingly cursed ih an inverse ratio to the strength of the nobbier-tendered. — But at last the point was gained., George, who possessed tlie faculty of making thing love/him, men, women, birds, or beasts, won it slieerly by virtue of that faculty- Brummy couldn't refuse when he heard that Mrs. Muirhead had once been asked to become the wife of Fitzroy'6 brother. " I'll do it, Mr: George. I'll tell yon all I know; and I was a beast not to have told you before. It may be too late now. Is Mitchell gone ? T> " No; I met the scoundrel yesterday as I was leaving." " You may well say scoundrel, George, for he is one—a black) low scoundrel. Listen, George. I saw him stab Muirhead to the heart as if it weren't the first heart he had-stopped the beating of. Nor is it. I knew him 6ix years back at Darlinghurst: He was there (not Mitchell then though), for a '* crib cracking '' with violence. I knew him all along, but'it was not my place to blow it about you know. But It's time now,. George, I do think. Yes, -George, I saw him do it, and what's more, Jimmy, the blackfellow, saw him plant thc kiiife after it was done. what do you think'of that, eh, eh? Old Brummy on some points is a idiot, but he-aint quite a fool. And if it weren't for you Fd suck the villain as diy as my throat is, and- that's parched, George, parched. Give me ; some lusji." . : i s . ' ' : ; . Brummy when putting himself to rights, which meant combing his hair with a broken piece of mane comb, a general inspection of his pockets, and a careful examination of a certain hole in his wooden leg which served; as -purse or tr&asuiy;/was agreeably surprised to discover a ten-pound note in the latter receptacle. , .'. / .*..•' . , " That's part of the blood money, George, take it for goodness sake and do something with it as will clear yourjqate, audchoncditi" • -- ' S 1' can JffiteftalMj'money "tSSPeilfi we can oaf _ ""Do you doubt it ? I defa'i, because he's 'cute in a certain way iathat same villain, aj$ he thinks, George Fitzroy, that l'fn bnlj an old blower with a disagreeabie secret, maybe, in my possession, but; not with, such filimjhing evidence as Jemmy's to back my own up. He thinks that all I care for is to be right for a few notes, now and again, and^ thataqryarn about tollackfell&w; is.a twister. ITou may ^p^und that. Bnfmy twister" will "be a twister this tune,-,as far as .he's concernedj ancljt hope'itiiay." ': "' * ;, w *• (2b be eontitHud.) 