THE MECHANICS' iNsHCUT.Ei. . \ \Jv the Editor of the lliv°,rine Herald.) Sir,—Permit ine, as one win is n >t quite clear in the matter, to propound the follow ing queries '—Have the committee power to dissolve the Institute, irrespective of the ) feelings or fishes of the subscribers ? and is there iio' rule pi'iyv,idin« £or( in the event of members of committee signally £;iiltt<i; to at tend to their duties, the substitution of others able and willing to d> the work 1 I would like to know, you know -Yours, lie., SIMPLE SIMON. Trie Vitfi'oitUtf Loan.—The £3,000,030 Ioau is being accounted for verj' rapidly. The Government lias drawii twic!o (says the Ai'ffiti) upon the associated bunks for £300,00d eacli tinidj and if. wa3 tfitt df this sum that tlia liobsdn's ' Say shar&'liokl^rs were paid. ' A siim of £600.000 was paid to the tlobsdn's' Bay shareholders in London, and £500,000 had, be-ri .drawn o',n account before,' jiuuking $2,100,000, in all. Minor payment's Bhte flud be'eii "ivi'ada in Ifo'iidon, and altogether there remains jSj7OO,O'0Ci to be introduced into the colony. So far the com mercial benefits anticipated from, the opera tion have not been'very" perceptible, as the uioney.O'Qii'rte&i;'.''is*''as'; stringent: as-it' was before. Some of th6 largest amounts paid to shareholders .of the HobsoVa BayVRail i.way have been invested ont of the oniony. * "SFoaro'c^ ifoxESA-Sp»rio'us: biinlf' '•'notes are oc'casiouslly met . with, bilt-,; it is not very easy to judge "o'F'tlie" .'nii:n{jer in cir eulation, as tj.he'y 'rirejndfridetectedl untilthey-1 jha^e reaped,, theJ&rik.;,f,ro!ri,;v?]iere_th'ev:,are supposed to have,tedri issued. On 3rd AngnSt last (says the Age) Frederick liayrtO", an utterer of sjMiridusrpaper, went to a drapery shop„iri ; 6o\iric'e-Jtreet iii the:'\eveni"ng', 'arid obtained a n'ea'uio arid cjti.vige' for £a ] note, which w;13 a forgery: -Frd.iJ tlie description given the man was subaequ'eritly disoovefed in Castlemaine Gaol, and on Wednesday, at the District Court, he was fii'ly.identifiej, and was committed for trial for uttenh'j; a fonjery,, , , . . ' ' . ■ ■■■> I?a#heb::'hmgi^faer-ffattiec Hjfacinthe; in a;letter!to>fche.rAifdioUHc/p uf- Paris,"ap prises him of the opening of a Galliiian Catholic 01. arch, aud expresses ^regret that the religious system'■ temporarily triumphant •inlFrance obliges the successor of St. D>;nis to condemn as hereticaljthe doctrines which were long the strength and glory, of the French Church. ^ Aft^r explainin^ his re3'irt iii tliesd dird.nm stances to . -a nei'ghb.oriug church, Catholic, iliiiiigli ro'fc!niied,',aiid quot ing the sanction of the Scotch Primus, he 'adds that'v^henev"eru1;Ke' s^R-cessor; of "St.i Denis utters in the Church of Paris no other teaching than-that of St. Denis, he will have lip;mo^'submissive" follower's,-than they, and already, despite the gulf creited between his conscience and theirs, he has noiie who pro fe'ss a deeper respect for himself and his See, dr wild pray-with more fervendy for. tlie great interests \yllicli aftf c'o'nfided to him. A?r uktiuelx iVrii.—Tha jfiji i'imes of the 2nd, inst; records the death of Mr Lei cester Brodks;; itn old Melbourne resident. It states We regrei to hear by later ad vices frp'-n Wainu'iiii {Hiit ■ the'-\irifortunate settler, Mr Leicester Brooks, ■ to' WHdni we referred in,a .former . issue ;aa■; having, been atabbed by a Fijian woman," has since died of the injiirigs tlieri received. , It would appear that-the wounds Wsift'nbv'itt&vi;&oh; of -a direct attack, but that Brooks vVas Strug gling; with the .wjimian/whp^ that • both fell~tlieunfortuua^^deceased falling on ther knife,u which ^penetrated his breast. The injury sustained' "was- so 'serious that deatli ensued four, diys after the occurrence.Mr . J . Blythe, , stipendiary magistral ' for y anna T/eVu/ ivas present when; the deceased died; ' l£ tfas reported that the woman had commuted suicide by jumping into the river j'thU" rumor, however, is without foundation, as she afterwards returned to her native town. ISTuku Damn. Mr Brooks; tflro was a well-known Mel bourne resident, cune to Fiji in company with his brother some ten years a</d, and purchased the Na Yutii Moli plantation, on which lie li is since resided. At the period of the cotton failure, the elder brother and famjly returned to Victoria. After a long ilp-liill fJgHt Jij'ai.iafc adverse circumstances, tile deceased had concluded business arrange ments which enabled him, by Untiring industry, -to open up an extensive cnflee plantation, and Ii-js. unfortunately met his .fate just'ifs things began to: look bright. During the Waiuypu war he rendered good .service to the Government then in existence as a .gentleman volunteer, under Captain Mat tin.'' ■" - • • Swindling.—A case which sliould act as a warning to caterers for public amus-'.nlelitd (Writes iho Sandhurst correspon dent of the "'as bertrd at the Sandhurst City 'Police Court on Wednesday. Mr. 'D'Arcy Read, of :< The Ghost" notoriety, wag summoned' .by the local printers and others (for,.various amounts due for advertising, printing, ifec. The .orders for the work had i^beeu.given by a iVIr. \V. $. Medcalfo, who for the last six weeks has been representing himselfas D'Arcy Read's business manager, and apparently acted in ili.it capacity up to Saturday night last, and on Monday inorn'ng it wasfound he liad left by first train, to the regrej; of all who had b isiuess for the Ghost entertainment. The defence was that Med calfe was not Mr. Head's business manager, but by a written agreement produced in court was to have one-third of the proceeds, and pay all expenses, thft remaining two thirds beinj paid to Mr. Read for hi3 services and Mr. Read was under the impression, until List Monday morning, that all b lis against the entertainment lnd been paid by Mr. Medcalft", -vlien the illusion was de stroyed by thj receipt of several siimm mses and bailiffs to take possession of D'Arcy Head's chattels fur rent due for the use of tlie hall. Verdicts wore give.) in each case against the defendant. Ax Honorable Act.—" Victorian boys are very honest," was the remark of a young English gentleman who was receirly journey ing by rail to pay a flying visit to some friends. During the stay of the train at Kynelon, the young gentleman purehised a journal from a newsboy, giving him as ho supposed a sixpence therefore. Just a3 the train was on the point of leaving, the news hoy was observed peering into the carriage 1 windows, and espying his customer inquired what money he had given him for the pur chase. bearching quicidy showed that the coin given was a half-sovereign, which, stys the Maryborough Standard, the newsboy returned. In billions complaints, Sick Headache, and Feverish heat of summer, a very pleasant, and effectual remedy is louad in Ta*ie Salts, 