New Zealand. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Auckland, May 7. The P. M. Company's steamer City of Sydney arrived to-day with the mails via San Francisco. She was delayed at San Francisco one day beyond time in consequence of the mails being late in crossing the Atlantic. She sighted the City of New York for San Francisco, which vessel reported having encountered a very heavy gale, necessitating her being hove-to for eleven hours. The weather in Brisbane was threatening all day yesterday, and in the evening there appeared to be a return to the showery weather which proved so trying a few weeks ago, and consider- ing the heavy rains at Sydney on Sunday and Monday, and the persistent rise of our barometer since the beginning of the week, accompanied with a south-east wind, it seems likely that we shall have several days of such weather. Up to 9 o'clock yesterday morning the weather was generally fine throughout the Queensland stations to the south and west of Brisbane, but there was rain at Gladstone, Townsville, Cardwell, and Cooktown, and the weather was cloudy at several of the intermediate stations. In the interior of the central division the weather was fine, but there was rain in the north, as shown by reports from Georgetown, Junction creek, and Palmer- ville, At 3 p.m. yesterday there was rain at several other stations in the north, and it was threatening at Blackall, Aramac, Clermont, and Copperfield. in the south, there was rain at Ipswich and in the Wide Bay district. By the death of Isaac Butt, Q.C., and senior M.E. for Limerick, Ireland has lost one of her youngest lawyers, greatest orators, and ablest political leaders. Mr. Butt, the only son of the Rev. Robert Butt, incumbent of Strauorlar, Co. Donegal, was born in 1813, and therefore at the time of his death was 66 years of age. Hav- ing entered Trinity College, Dublin, he graduated in high classical and mathematical honors in 1835, and in the following year was appointed to the Whately Professorship of Political Economy in his college. In 1838 he was called to the Irish bar, and in 1844 he obtained a silk gown. In 1840 he appeared at the bar of the House of Commons as counsel for the Dublin Corporation against the Irish Corporation Reform Bill, and he afterwards became an opponent of Daniel O'Connell in his agitation for the repeal of the Union. He was one of the counsel for the defence of W. S. O'Brien and other forty-eight revolutionists tried in Ireland for high treason. In May, 1852, he entered the House of Commons as member for Harwich, and he afterwards represented the borough of Youghal as a Liberal Conservative until the year 1865\. He retired from Parliament that year, and after his withdrawal his political opinions underwent a change, and as O'connell had, in the days when they were opponents, predicted of him, he became a nationalist. In 1865 he was retained as leading counsel to defend the Fenian prisoners indicted for treason, and his intercourse with these men led him to seek to devise a constitutional means of reconciling the differences between the Irish and the English nations that had for so long been fruitful only of evils. The Home Rule movement was the outcome of his deliberations, and in September, 1871, he was again returned to Parliament, without opposition, for the city of Limerick. He re-entered the House of Commons as the acknowledged chief of the Home Rule party, and although he has never been deposed from the leadership of that organisation, his authority over his followers had for some months prior to his death been very much weakened. Some two i years ago his countrymen paid a tribute to his patriotic worth, by subscribing a sum of about £10,000 to provide an endowment for him in his old age. The deceased gentleman was eminently a statesman, and his genial manner, his eloquence, and his enlightened views made him a favorite with men of all parties in the House, while his long Parliamentary training and intimate acquaintance with the rules of the House rendered his services invaluable to the party that followed him, as their political leader. His loss will be deeply felt by the Home Rule party, and, although an effort had recently been made to deprive him of his political command, now that he is dead his virtues and his talents only will be remembered, and an impulsive and generous people will mourn him. It was reported at the Adelaide-street police station yesterday that a child, fourteen months old, named Kate Brasseh, was drowned in a waterhole at the residence of Mrs. George Hawkins, near the Upper Logan-road, on Saturday last. On the following day Mr. James Savage, J.P., accompanied by a constable, went to the scene of the accident, and hold a magisterial enquiry, and from the evidence adduced the child's death appeared to have been accidental. The entertainment entitled " Carlton's Ghost" opened at the old School of Arts last evening, and drew a good house. The company laboured under considerable disadvantage in consequence of the non-arrival of two of their number, and of the time available not having permitted of sufficient rehearsal ; but these defects will, in all probability, be removed to-night, when the entertainment should be one really worth seeing. The argument on the motion for leave to enter judgment in the case of Macdonald v. Tully was resumed and brought to a conclusion before the court in Banco yesterday. The argument in support of the motion on behalf of the plaintiff having closed on the previous day, Mr. Pring proceeded to address the court for the defendant, contending that the sum of £12,000 awarded by the jury as the value of what the plaintiff was deprived of should be reduced to £2500, the highest sum mentioned in the evidence as the actual value of the country alone of which the plaintiff was dispossessed and that no interest could, according to the ordinary principles of law, be allowed. It may be explained that, before the plaintiff removed from the country in dispute, he had 12,000 sheep depasturing thereon. Evidence was given at the trial that the market value of the sheep alone, apart from the country, was 10s. per head and that the value of the country with the sheep upon it, was at the rate of 30s. per head of sheep-this being the usual mode of assessing the price of pastoral holdings of this kind. The jury have evidently deducted the price of the sheep alone from the value of the country with the 12,000 sheep upon it, and have given a verdict of the balance (20s. per head), amounting to £12,000, adding interest at the rate of 5 per cent from 1866 to 1877, and bringing the total sum up to £19, 700. The country alone was stated to be worth from £2000 to £2500 and the contention of the Crown is that, as the plaintiff retained possession of his sheep, and does not allege having suffered any loss in their removal, he can only recover this latter sum, The plaintiff, on the other hand, says that his services in stocking the country, in protecting it from the inroads of the blacks, and in improving it or, in other words, as put by one of the learned Judges, in subduing the wilderness' ' are to be taken into account, as well as the fact that he was deprived of the opportunity of selling his runs at the increased value given to them by the fact of their being stocked and that, taking these matters into consideration, the estimate arrived at by the jury is a fair one. He also says that the 5 per cent arrived at by the jury in the nature of interest should be allowed him as compensation for the loss of profits suffered by him in being deprived of his country. The fact that he was dispossessed of the country in question is now no longer disputed. After hearing the argument the court reserved its decision. Robert Jennings, of Brisbane, publican, and William Hampton, of Cattle Creek, selector, were yesterday adjudged insolvent upon their own petitions. The first meeting of creditors was fixed in the former estate, for the 15th, and in the latter for the 14th instant. At the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yesterday, before Mr. W. H. Day, assistant police magistrate, and Mr. T. Illidge, J.P., a verdict for the plaintiff for amount claimed with costs was given in the defended case of F. Smith and Co. v. J. R. Webster and Co ; claim, £3 10s. for goods sold. We are in receipt of the prize-list of the Central Queensland Graziers and Farmers Society for their annual show, the sixth, to be held on the Queen's Birthday, May 24, The grounds of this society are at Gracemere, near Rockhampton, and in the midst of a thriving agricultural population. The shows held there have been very successful, and the event coming off gives promise of being worthy of its predecessors. The prize-list includes all the usual classes for live stock and produce, machinery, implements, c 