A LEGEND OF COLOGNE. By. Beet Haete. Above the bones > _ St. Ursula owns, And those of the virgins she chapcroncs ; Above the boats, - And the bridge that floats, And the Rhine and the steamer's smoky throats : Above the chimneys and quaint tiled " roofs, Above the clatter of wheels and hoofs ; Above Newmarket's open space, ; Above that conscratecl place Where the genuine 'bones of the Magi seen are, tAnd the dozen .shops: of the real Farina, Higher than even old Uohestrassc / : Whose houses : threaten the timid pas ser; -f. Above them all, Through scaffolds tall And spires like delicate limbs in splinters, The great Cologne's f Cathedral stones Climb through the storms of eight hundred winters. : Unfinished there, . In high mid air The towers halt like a broken prayer ; Through years belated, v Unconsummated, The hope of its architect quite frus trated. . Its Very youth They say, forsooth, With a quite improper purpose mated ; And every stone With a curse of its own Instead of that sermon . Shakspeare stated, Since the day its choir, : Which all admire, By Cologne's Archbishop was consecrated. Ah ! that was a day. One well might, say, To he marked with the largest, whitest stone To be found in the towers of all, Cologne ! Along the Rhine, Ji'rom ola Jxhemstein, The people flowed like their own good wine. From Rudesheim, And Geisenheim, And every spot that is known to rhyme ; From the famed . Cat's Castle of St. Goars- hausem, To the pictured roofs of Assmannshausen ; And down the track, ' From quaint Schwalbach To the clustering tiles of Bacharach ; From Bingen, hence To old Coblentz : From every castellated crag, .Where the robber chieftains, kept their "swag," The folic flowed in, and Ober- cassel Shone with'the pomp of knight and vassal ; And pouring in from near and far, As the Rhine to its bosom draws the Ahr, Or takes the arm of tho sober Mosel, So in Cologne, knight, squire, andlosel, Choked up the city's gates with men From old St. Stephen to Zint Mtirjen. What had they come to see ? Ah ine ! I fear no glitter of pageantry, Nor sacred zeal For Church's weal, Nor faith in the virgins' bones to heal Nor childlike trust in frank confession Drew these, who, dyed in deep trans gression, Still in each nest On every crest Kept stolen goods in their possession ; But only their gofit For something new, More rare than the "roast" of a wandering Jew; Or — to be exact, To see — in fact — A Christian soul, in the very act Of being damned, secundum artem, By the devil before a soul could part 'em. For a rumour had flown Throughout Cologne, That the Church, in fact, was the devil's own; That its architect (Being long " suspect,") Had confessed to the bishop that he had wreelct Not' only his own soul, but had lost The very first Ohnstian soul that crossed \- The sacred threshold ; and all, iu fine, For that very beautiful design Of the wonderful choir They were pleased to admire. And really, he must be allowed to say- To speak in a purely business way — I hat, taking the ruling market prices Of souls and churches, in such a crisis It would he shown — And his Grace must own — It was really a bargain for Cologne ! . Such was the tale That turned cheeks pale .With the thought that the enemy micht prevail, And the church doors snap. With a thunder -clap On a Christian soul in that devil's trap. But a wiser few, Who thought that they knew Cologne's Archbishop replied, "Pooh, pooh ! J ust watch him and wait, And as sure as fate You'll find that the Bishop will give ' check mate.' " One here might note How the popular vote; As shown in all legends and anecdote , Declares that a breach . Of trust to o'erreach The devil is something quite proper for eaoh And really, if you ' Give the devil his due, In spite of the proverb— it's something you'll rue. But to lie and deceive him, To use and to leave him, From Job up to Faust is the way to receive him, Though no one has heard It ever averred That the " Father of Lies" ever yet broke his word, But has left this position, In every tradition, To be taken alone by the " Truth loving" Christian! Bom ! from the tower ! It is the hour ! The host pours iu in its pomp and. power Of banners and pyx, And high crucifix, And crosiers and other processional sticks, And no end of Marys In quaint reliquaries, To gladden the souls of all true antiquaries ; And an Osculum Pads — (A myth to the masses Who trusted their bones more to mail and cuirasses), All borne by the throng Who are marching along To the square of the Dom with processional sang, With the flaring of dips, And bending of hips, And the chanting of hundred perfunctory lips ; And some good little boys Who had come up from Neuss And the Quirinuskirchc to show off 'their voice ; All march to the square _ Of the great Dom, and there File right and left, leaving alone and quite bare A covered sedan Containing — so ran The rumour— the victim to take off tha> ban. They have left it alone, . „ They have sprinkled each stoi le Of the porch with a sanctified E eta de Cologne, Guaranteed in this case To disguise e.very trace L Of a sulphurous presence in that sacred place. Two Carmelites stand < On the right and left hand Of the covered sedan chair, to wait the com mand Of the prelate to throw Up the cover, and show ' The form of the victim in terror below. There's a pause and1 a prayer Then the signal, and there — - Is a woman ! — by all that is good and is fair ! ' ""A woman ! and" known- , , To them all. -One must own Too well 'known to -.the many,' to-dav to he , . . shown As a martyr, or e'en As a Christian ! A queen Of pleasaunce and revel, of glitter and sheen. So bad that the worst Of Cologne spake up first, Aud declared 'twas an outrage to suffer one curst And already a fief Of the Satanic chief, To martyr herself for the Church's relief. But in vain fell their sneer On the mob, who I fear On the whole felt a strong disposition to cheer. A woman ! and there She stands in the glare Of the pitiless sun and their pitying stare. A woman still young, With garments that clung To a figure, though wasted with passion, and wrung With remorse and despair, . Yet still passing fair, With jewels and gold in her dark shining hair, And cheeks that are faint 'Neath her dyes and her paint — "A woman most surely-r-but hardly a saint ! She moves. She has gone From their pity and scorn ; She has mounted alone The first step of stone, And the high swinging doors she wide open has thrown, Then pauses and turns As the altar blaze burns On her cheeks, and with. one sudden gesture she spurns Archbishop and prior, Knight, ladyo, and friar, And her voice rings out high from the vault of the choir. " Oh, men of Cologne ! What I was ye have known, - What I am, as I stand here, One knoweth alone. , . , If it be but His will I shall pass from Him still Lost, curst, and degraded, I reckon no ill If still ,by that sign Of His anger divine One soul shall be saved He hath blessed more than mine ! Oh, men of Cologne ! Stand forth if ye own A faith like to this, or more fit to atone, And take ye my place, And God give you. grace To stand and confront Him, like me, face to face!" She paused. Yet aloof They all stand. No reproof Breaks the silence that fills the celestial roof. One instant — no more — She halts at the door, Then enters ! . . . A flood from the roof to the floor Fills the church rosy red. She is gone ! But instead, Who is this leaning forward with glorified head . And hands stretched to save ? Sure, this is no slave Of the Powers of Darkness, with aspect so brave? They press to the door, But too late ! All is o'er ; Nought remains but a woman's form prone on the floor. But they still see a trace Of that glow in her face, That they saw in the light of the altar's high blaze, - On the image that stands With the Babe in its hands, Enshrined in ;the ;churches of all Christian lands. A Tc Deum sung, A censer high swung, With praise, benediction, and incense wide- flung, Proclaim that the curse ' Is removed — and no worse Is the Dom for the trial — in fact, the ret; era. For instead ot their losing A soul in abusing The Evil One's faith, they gained one of his . choosing. Thus the legend is told, You will find in the old Vaulted aisles of the Dom — stiff in marble or cold : In iron and brass, In gown and cuirass. The knights, priests, and bishops who came to that Mass. And high o'er the rest, With her Babe at her breast, The image of Mary Madonna— the blest. But you look round in vain, On each high pictured pane, For the woman most worthy to walk in her train. Yet, standing to-day O'er the dust and the clay, . 'Midst the ghosts of a life that has long ..passed away, With the slow-sinking sun Looking softly upon That stained-glass procession, I scarce-miss the one That it does not reveal, For I know and I feel That these are but shadows— the womau was real. : — Belgravia. On Wedding Rings. — From very early ages a peculiar charm appears to have been oonneoted with the ring. Without beginning or end, it has long been regarded as an emblem of eternity, and also of the strength and perpetuity of affeotion. The fourth finger of the left hand has long been con sidered saored, and hence has been conse- orated to wear the wedding ring. The Greeks and Romans were so fully convinced of the intrinsic value attached to this finger, that it was called the medical or healing finger. : Their various medicinal preparations were f stirred with it in plaoe of a spoon, it being supposed that should any noxions ingredient he included in the cup, warning of the faot would immediately be given by a palpitation of the heart. In some remote country places in England this superstition is still firmly believed in. The other fingers are thought to possess a certain power of evil, but a wound or sore Btroked by the wedding finger is expected by them in a short time to dis appear ; and the wedding ring itself is by many supposed to have the same healing effect. The rings used by the Jews at their marriage ceremonies were sometimes very large in size, and elaborate in design; the Jewish law demanded, too, that they should be of a certain value, and to prove this to be the case, they were before the ceremony submitted to an examination. It was a rule, also, that the bridegroom should purchase the ring out of his own private resources, and not obtain it either on credit or as a gift from a friend ; and after the ring had been placed on the bride's finger, the marriage was considered then, as it is now, to be irrevocably binding. Among the fishermen on the weBt coast fo Ireland the wedding ring is kept as an heirloom in the family, and is considered as the properry of the eldest married daughter, consequently many' of the wedding rings still worn by the fish wives in that district are quite old and of exceedingly anoient design, being manu factured as far back as the Elizabethan era. In the sixteenth century, both marriage and betrothal rings were made with a motto or posy inscribed inside, and to these Sbaks- neare. in two or three of his plays, refers.— CasstlVs Domestic Dictionary. 1 