Company to Supper. By Fhances Lee. There was not a living being in tho house but Dolia, Xottie, and me, excepting tho cat who was snoozing1 away by -the kitchen stove. The rest had all gone to Falltown to some kind of a meet* ing. There was always something going on. somewhere for the grown folks, and I suppose there was never a child in the world who hated to be left alone worse than I did. So this time they let me have Delia and Lottie come to stav with me. We were upstairs braiding palm-leaf hats, — girls were brought up to work in that town,— when suddenly the front floor-bell rang. Now, the front-door- bell was not rung more than once in three months, and it was so rough and rusty it would only tinkle. Almost even-body came through the side yard to the double-leaved doors that always stood open into the little ?square south entry with the sun shining in. So, if the bell rang, it couldn't be one of the neighbours. « must be s good deal of a stranger, and I was as afraid of ?strangersaslwasofdogs. 'Let's we didn't hear it,' said Delia. ''Seems as if I heard something, but may be it was the cat knocking down a milk-pan,' said I. But it was of no use. There came another tinkle, as ^X/.^Pwitha bell around his neck had bitten off a mouthful of tough grass. I*'fhv,th°-'?$lt l ^eaii a wa&&°i stop a long time ago,' said iS' , , ' 1here is one tied out there,' she added skir .'UMung to theupper hall window. ' You will have to go, ?«S;ru 'Be^l'tt Pretend we were braiding so fast we ?«»Xi n a thmg-' 'a Delia- w&0 would go °ut ot' her Y»y w tell a story, any time. Sur ariflp1!? \m. *? S° ! I don't dare to not,' eaid I, cast i»e aside my braiding in despair. of shL . ?iatte.r-£ down the short mahoganv-stained flight ?«ftegwtdw?tan* fOrth° aild ^ a?ld taSSed away »t uuwd ^fi^ *? turn in the rusted lock ! And whon hob tZ3, £/ Wlth.a complaining shriek, how the brass took ffib?T! Then a strong hand from outside twinkw' pTa 5°lts Save Wfty» tb-e door flew open in a ^aaanfl ™ ere 8tood two men- Oae ™» a very tall ^idaTanS,*?8 ? niMliiMj-BiBBd man, and they had 'God n coate- ^yat£SuSu??'d they' maldne b°WS- 'IS ^''^(rr'i!10'-8'^ the folks are aU gone to FaU ^ontoFaiifn °pui*g with ^ my might ttey would keep *''.«* 11 SdfeMt S' *« ?y senseof hospitality J011 «alk in V' ' ey U te ''nmg home soon. Will ^SffS'^J^^ddling-sized man. « May we \ *° lo'? *&} £es' Bir'' .said *- g^d to be rid of them for 1 i ' ^ ar^JI,ra? Upstaira to ^ girls. i IP'«ss'thevC 1 8^y; ^ey are putting up their horses. I 2*l(^«aSa?!IIB.M?eAlny- She has a great many ^C^f^udly; minded to pick uj 2*« t^n^K1^ tZFti* home.' ^d Delia, tying '?dS^^ra^'''you've '* t0 eowith me- %ft'o5toa2iiC1led' t'1 agony of bashful terror at i^m frt* *» face flie etiangers alone. Ddu. JW Pve me your beads if I stay?' demanded S^'WiSl'' ^ of white glass with ^ **e ^t a foLT^ 8tr?ne on a «** thread, and, when I toi4 five S r™1 had shed, a Sabbath-school card I ^^ao^^^Itwent to my heart to lose these I JuuaS ^ better ihaalosmg toe gills, eo I f was just going to say that Delia could have them, when Lottie spoke up. 'Aren't you ashamed, Delia, to try to get away Totty's beads V' said she. ' I'll stay with you, Tottie, till the folks come, any way.' I looked At her gratefully. *' Do you want a bite of my liquorice?' said I, plunging to the bottom of my pocket and bringing up a small piece wrapped in a bit of newspaper. ' I don't eare,' said 6he, holding out her hand. 'Where shall I bite to?' ' Bite to there,' said I, marking off a space with my finger-nail. ' And Delia may have a taste too,' I con tinued, willing to heap a few coals of fire on her head. But Delia was not very sensitive, and, accordingly, she helped herself to a generous mouthful, and didn't seem to feel scorched a bit. ' Let's go down stairs and be there when they come in from untackling,1' said .she, jest as though she hadn't thought of going home. ' Well,' said I, bundling up my hat and straws. So, when the tall man and the middling-sized man came in, there we sat in a low on the high, red, wooden chairs, with our feet dangling, and each with a half -braided hat in her hands. The, gentlemen paused a moment, as though a little surprised at such an appearance, and as though they expected some sort of introduction or salutation. A faint impression floated over my mind at the same time that some thing of the kind would be proper. But what could I do ? Was I to say, 'This is Lottie, and this is Delia ?' or 'Miss Pitt and Miss Lutton?' And if I knew what to call the girls, I was not sure about the gentlemen's names. One I knew to be a Mr. Bowers, an old school friend of my sister, and the other might be— I was not certain— a Mr. Linden, whom I had seen once. So, as I did not know exactly what to do, I did nothing, which was perhaps the best way, but sat and braided and felt ashamed ; and the young men looked over the books on the baize- covered side-table and tried to talk with us. Finally they took pity on us as well as on themselves, and went out for a walk up Deer Hill, and them Delia made up her mind that she would go home, any way. ' Come; Lottie,' said she, with authority, ' you are my company.'* 'Oh, Lottie said she would stay till the folks come,' I cried. «' Delia, you shall have my beads and all my piece of liquorice if you'll let'her stay.' ' Of. course I m not going to go and leave you alone, Totty. I said I wouldn't. Delia can go if she wants to,' said Lottie, heartily. I feel grateful to her now for it. So Delia went off 'mad.' But as for that, she usually went away in that condition. After that, Lottie and I sat in the double door-way watchiDg the shadows of the elm-tree creep over the yard, and the swallows flashing up and down, and the clouds changing to crimson and gold as the sun sank lower aud lower towards the purple hills — watching and listening. ' There they are ! ' I cried, joyfully, at last, at the sound of carriage wheels on the long hill. It came slow and faint foi a while, then quickened into a fast rattle at the bottom of the hill. Then we heard the rumble of wheels and sharp strike of heels on the little wooden bridge. Then sounds died away. ' Coming up the short hill. They'll be here in just two minutes,' said I. And sure enough in a minute we heard the wheels nearer and sharper, and in another minute uncle Lacy's pudding and-milk horse and round-topped chaise trotted by. ' Oh, pa will come next,' said I. But no. Next came a pair of ink-black horses, driven rapidly by an elegantly dressed gentleman. ?' 1 hat is Squire Palmer. He lives in Squakeag, and he always wears gloves,' said I. ' Pa '11 be the next one. Hark ! I hear him now.' But I was mistaken, for then came Deacon Davis and his wife, riding behind a bony horse in a high green waggon, and looking like two bags of meal. Then some travellers drove along. A man and a woman, with two little childcn sitting on stools in front, and two more behind on two more stools. They looked, like pins on a pin-cushion, they were stuck in so thick. After that was Captain Ingraham, chucking the reins and saying ' Cadcp ! ' to his old sorrel horse. He was going the other way, though. At last, when it seemed as though everybody in town had gone by, we heard another welcome rattle and clatter. ' That is our folks. It must be. There is nobody left,' I said, with a great sense of relief. But it wasn't ; and it wasn't anybody. Or if it was, he stopped at one of the three houses between us and the top of the hill. The young men had come in long before. I heard them trying to amuse themselves by declamations and discussions; and now the stars had begun to flicker out one by one, and the bats to fly through the soft summer twilight. So I lighted one of the candles in the best brass candlestick, and carried it into the sitting- room. ' I guess they'll bo in before long,' said I, in bashful apolegy. ' I should think they had been long now,' retorted the tall man. I smiled a grim little smile, and went out feeling as though I had committed one of the seven deadly sins against the grammar and dictionary. ' Two waggons more have come down the hill and not gone by. They are ghost waggons,' called Lottie from the door-step. u O Lottie ! You don't think anything has happened, do you?' 1 cried. ' No, there couldn't,' said she, confidently. ' And if there had, somebody would come and tell us. It was about as dark as this, though, that time Deacon Davis's horse got scared at Captain lngrahaaj's bars, and turned around so sharp he broKe the thill right smack off,' she continued. ' I know it,' I answered, looking wistfully at the lights twinkling out here and there in tho houses where there was a mother at home. ' You remember how Deacon Davis got tipped over that other time, coming down Mr. Potter's hill, don't you?' con tinued Lottie. ' Uncle Lacy was going by him, — Pa says it is dreadful careless to go by going down hill,— and so Deacon Davis turned out and the rein got caught, and wheu he tried to turn the old horse back she didn't go back, but kept turning out and turning out till the waggon tipped over, and broke Mrs. Deacon Davis's arm. Aunt Patty went over and got supper, and washed up the dishes, and she said the knives were just as black as anybody's, for all Mrs. Davis is such an awfully paiticular woman.' ' Lottie, said I, dismally, ' do you suppose my mother's arm is broken and our waggon is tipped over ? ' ' Why, no ! Your horse isn't skittery, is he ? Perhaps ' your folks have gone somewhere to stay all night.' ' Then I'd ought to get supper for the company,' said I, feeling as though the weight of the whole uuiverse was pressing down upon me. ' Well, I'll help you,' said Lottie, cheerfully. Oh yes ! I could be cheerful if it was her house and her company and I was helping her. Though I always did despise setting tables. It is just the same thing right over and over, and you know all the time that it isn't going to stay. But it had to be done. So I spread the cloth. ft wasn't clean — the table cloth wasn't ; but I thought I could cover the marks of Sebastian's gravy and the mo lasses I dropped on it at breakfast, with the plates. There was some cold tea in the tea-pot, and, while Lottie put it on the stove to heat, I rummaged in the safe for the supper. ' I almost know Ma would have honey if she was here,' said I, coming out with a bowl of cider-apple sauce, ' and white bread, Ske enough.' ' Yes,' said Lottie; ' my mother always does for com pany. They will expect it, I guess. But you don't know where your Ma keeps it, do you ? ' ' No, not exactlv; perhaps I could find it; but she said the supper was all m the safe,' said I, conscientiously, bringing out a plate of rye bread and half a currant pie. ' I guess it is ready now, and I s'pose I've got to call them, but I'd pretty near rather go up Deer Hill in the dark all alone,' I continued, after running out and in, and np aud down, a dozen times. So I went to the sitting-room door and sanL faintly, ' Supper's ready.' Then it occurred to me that ^probably Amy would have said, ' Will you walk out to tea? ' and I wished I could drop through the floor into the potato cellar. But they walked out just as readflv as though I had asked them to. And then what was I to do? I had hardly ever eaten a meal in my life until somebody had asked a blessing; and, in my uncertainty as to what it would be proper to say, ' I just looked wishfully at Mr. Bowers, who was studying to be a minister, and he went on with it just as though I had spoken. So it was all right sa far, and I began to pour the tea. But where were the tea-spoons ? And when I had slipped from my chair and brought them, behold, the sugar-bowl had been forgotten ! The company didn't seem to care, though, and appeared to relish the rye bread and half a currant pie, too. I sup pose they were pretty hungry, for it seemed they hadn't had any dinner. So they ate and ate ; and before they had finished eating there was a sound of wheels and hoofs, and my father said, ' Whoa !' right at the very door, without our having heard them coming at all. They came in — my sisters and mother and father — all in a burst out of the darkness, filling the house with hospitality and cheer. They had been to Deacon Wright's to tea. They eaid they told me they should go there, but I don't believe to this day that they ever said a word about it. My sisters were, of course, very much mortified at every thing I had done and at everything I hadn't done : they always were. ' Totty, why didn't you ask them into the parlour instead of the sitting-room ? ' they said ; ' and why didn't you do this ? ' ' And why did you do that ?' I even felt, at last, that somehow I was to blame for their staying to Deacon Wright's to tea. Why, bless them, I didn't want them to stay. But the worst of it was Delia's stories. The girls all knew she would tell them, and so did her mother. People will, though, get a little stain of prejudice from a story teller, especially as such folks are apt to catch at a person's weak side, and start by taking a few grains of truth. £. ' Totty didn't know a thing what to do,' said she. ' I and Lottie did it all.. Totty teased me and teased me to stay, so I did, and I had to get the supper ; make the bis cuits and all. I had to visit with the company, too, — land Lottie ; we sang for them pieces they picked out for us in the music-book, — hard pieces. We sang duets when there were duets for two, and when there was a duet for one I sang that alone.' Lottie said she shouldn't care. Nobody would believe a word Delia said. But Delia's mother did, I know ; for she told Aunt Patty afterwards that Totty was a good girl enough at her books, but she didn't know how to take hold of work, and she would never set the river on fire. Aunt Patty told me of it one day when she thought I needed pat ting down. And perhaps Delia's mother was right ; for, sure enough, I never have set any river on fire. — St. Nicholas. 