FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5th, 1879. GIVING Mr MUNRO credit for some honesty of intention, he is a bad politi- cal tactician, and should he ever achieve the position of premier, to which he aspires, we may well doubt if his government would last long enough for the country even to become familiar with the names of the gentlemen who constituted his cabinet. Let us suppose, as a matter of fact, that his diluted views on the reform question are those which are least objectionable to the Legis- lative Council, is there the ghost of a chance of that body accepting them? What atom of evidence has he that the Council would accept the plebis- cite, or even the Norwegian scheme, if he were in the position of premier, to-morrow, to offer them either one or the other. No one knows better than Mr MUNRO that, in this respect, he is quite as far from getting his reform scheme accepted by Sir CHARLES SLADEN and his friends as Mr BERRY may be in inducing the Council to accept his proposals. Mr Munro's motion last night was, therefore, a fraud upon the House, and the country, because it was really little more than a no- torious bid for power under the pa- tronage of a journal that is, at this criti- cal juncture, as stupidly selfish as Mr MUNRO is, himself. If the Council is to be brought to a sense of its respon- sibility — if it is to be taught that it must submit itself to public opinion — the most dangerous, the most suicidal course the Assembly can pursue is to expend every arrow in its quiver, leaving not a shaft to be used at the supreme moment when it is brought face to face with the adversary. It will be quite time enough to submit alternative pro- posals to the Council in the matter of constitutional reform, when that body rejects the government measure as being too extreme in its character. It will be quite time for Mr MUNRO to put his scheme of reform prominently for- ward in Parliament when the country has, at a general election, declared that it pre- fers reform in the shape he proposes, to the scheme propounded by the BERRY government. If we rightly understand Mr BERRY's public utterances, he be- lieves that public opinion is with him in his reform scheme, but he is pre- pared, we take it, if the country desires constitutional reform by any different set of machinery than he has provided, to defer to the opinion of the country. He will not, however, frame his policy to suit the personal views of any in- dividual newspaper proprietor, nor of any disappointed politician who may count upon the support of a particular journal to aid him in imposing con- ditions upon the government that are at variance with its views. We could perfectly well understand Mr MUNRO's efforts to enforce his opinions if they were the echo of those of a majority of the Coun- cil. If, indeed, he could honestly prove to the House and the country that the Council would accept his scheme, we are free to say we would advocate the government abandoning the means they propose to employ to obtain constitutional reform, and adopting instead the plan submitted to that end by the hon. member for Carl- ton. Unfortunately, there is no hope of the Legislative Council concurring in either scheme. It has no more in- tention of accepting the plebiscite, which Mr MUNRO favors, than it has of agree- ing to become a nominee Chamber as provided by the government, and we may dismiss, therefore, without further com- ment, the amiable invitation of Mr Dow to take what we can get from the Council by adopting . Mr MUNRO's scheme instead of contending for what we can't get from that body by following the scheme of the go- vernment. Writing at an early hour this morning, and before last night's final proceedings in Parliament are to hand, we are not in a position to fully comment upon them. This much, however, is certain, the government has taken full account of what it has to encounter both from false friends, and declared opponents, and is quite prepared to throw itself upon the coun- try and abide by such verdict as it may pronounce upon the issue. 