THE BEACONSFIELD, BRIGHT AND GLADSTONE CARTOONS. [From the Saircr&ay; Saiac.J The Professor at the BreakfasMable says ? that each of us mf*mitf three persons. There is the real man, as he is known only to his Maker; there is the man's ideal self, as it ap -pears to him; and there is the self as con caved of by his neighbors. The cartoons from Punch in which the careen of three statesmen axe illasteated display the third — the conven tional — view of Lord Beaeousfield, Mr. Glad \- stone, and Mr. John Bright. It is the busi ness of Punch to see these politicians, not as partisans see them, but as the British public regards them in its noltia ttmpora : in those genial hoars when it lets its vexed consciousness play freely. If Punch were a partisan print, each of these distinguished persons would in torn have been drawn with horns and a tail. Mr. Gladstone, to a very large and respectable section of his fellow-countrymen, has long seemed no better than an unchained po *er of evil, '» wind,' to quote a prolific Scotch poet, ?'that shrieks on the waste places of the Lord,' and that ghrwlm disloyal, traitorous, unconsti tutional, unpatriotic, cosmopolitan nonsense. As to Lord Beaoonsfield, we know that Mephi stophelM is the mildest term of reproach which ''many dissenting ministers can find for him ; while 'Mr. Bright was at one time regarded as a kind of cross between the hypocrite and the blatant demagogue, as a man at once smog and boisterous, at once canting and revolutionary. These ate, or were, the 'judgments of angry partisans; and we are not certain that faint refractions of these fanciful shapes have not now and then been reflected in the cartoons of Punch. Mr. Bright was certainly designed as a ' wind-bag' and foil to the silent wisdom of . - Mr. Carlyle. The fiercer cartoons have not been reprinted in the collection now republished, though some of the unkinder cute at the Mr. Disraeli of the past have been retained. Speak ing generally, on the testimony of these car toons, we may say that the Ifcigfwii people have from the beginning suspected, liked, and laughed with Lord Beaeonsfield ; have respected, disliked, and doubted Mr. Gladstone ; sod have foundit difficult to make up their minds about Mr. Bright. Abont Mr. Disraeli one thing alone was from the first absolutely certain. He was not dull. In the waste of Parliamentary dulness, in the 'Babel of our sterile politics,' one voice was sure to be heard that was clear and trenchant, vox dantaitis in deserio. Hence the sympathy of Punch — which aims at being the perfect representative of the absolutely ordinary mind in its lighter moods — with Mr. Disraeli. He may be drawn -as a faded ballet-dancer, with a superannuated smile ; as a rouged and sardonic Peri, at last admitted to Paradise ; as a Cheap Jack at a fair ; as a serpent, gnawing that respectable old file Sir Robert Feel ; as a sham coontry gentleman in boots, hat, and broadcloth coat from Nathan's; and yet the laugh and the sympathy are with him. Thus, la an early picture of the Gladstone series, John Boll is -entrusting his carpet-bag (labelled Budget) to a sour, small boy, with the features of Mr. Gladstone, while he refuses to have anything to say to Mr. Disraeli, a merry, rougish little \- crossing-sweeper. Here the favored Mr, Gladstone has the squint of the bitterest religious hatred. You feel that he will put the shilling he receives from Mr. Boll in the -Savings Bank, and you fear that he will end a career of pious respectability as a fraudulent and exposed Director of a Bank. The grinning boy with the brush is equally certain to drop the bag in the' mud and to lose his nhiiHug at piteh-and-toss and not to care. The balance of the nature of Englishmen leans heavily towards stupidity and respectability. Hence, by way of reaction, the national sympathy with characters that are clever, and not overburdened with the sense of responsibility, or datv, or anything ?else. The great heart of the people is on the ride of Mr. Disraeli when,asTopsy (1852), he -breaks the windows, throws open the cup hoards, dances on the measures of his party, and ''specs nobody can do nothing ?with him.' In the admirable vignette on the frontispiece of the Gladstone series Mr. Satnboume has illustrated the last stage of the opposition between solemn earnestness and satiric earnestness. Mr. Glad stone is fairing his hair and thundering invec tive from a-pulpit shaped in the likeness of the dock-ta&vjer; of St. Stephens's while Lord BeacoBsfield is sitting smiling below, and tickling the orator with a long curly feather. The general sympathy has been on the whole ?against Mr. Gladstone, not because he is ear nest, but because he has always puts his ear nestness forward. The world has always recog nised, not without pleasure, the earnestness -which Mr. Bisraeli avowed from the first in a ?manner at once frank and ironical. He was clearly quite as determined as Mr, Gladstone, but then he was determined to have his own way, and what that way was he delared almost as openly as Prince Bismarck could do. In spite of the ' mysteries' and ' surprises' of which his opponents have talked a good deal, the secret of this Sphinx has always been so far an open secret. People have been captivated in spite of themselves by the clear-sighted resolve, 'by the gay courage, by the knowledge that a plan was being worked out from first to last, by the indifference to discomfiture which marked Mr. Disraeli. They have disapproved, they have -stormed, scolded, preached, and ended by laugh ing, forgiving, and even — forgetting. The old assailante, the Chios of Conservation, are ia dignsnt when their ancient woes aud those pranks which so outraged them are recalled by the viper ous R»di--fti, Meanwhile the puzzled public, which the cartoons sooftenrepresentas hesitating between the attractions of seriousness and mirth, has decided to take part with the latter, aud -with success. Looking at these designs, one sees how Mr. Disraeli1* career has increased the democratic tendency to look at polities osper thtatai en agoni, like spectators at a play, where the applause is given and the crowns are thrown to the cleverest mime. It is rarely that the edu cator of bis party is so hardly used as iu the cartoon in which he plays the part of Fagin at the thief* school, and shows bis young- friend* how to pilfer Liberal measures. Hi last appear \- ance ism a ffc«f-£- ZViomwfce, where he wears thj garter and laughs at his luck, at the spectators, and at bis grave and decorated companion. The Gladstone cartoons begin in 1856, ten years later than the earliest drawing of Mr. Difraeli as 'young Gulliver' (young Gulliver was in his fortieth year ) ' and the Brobdingnag Ministry.' Mr. Gladstone first appears, not as a small but courageous creature, undaunted by the great, but as a footman who ? wishes to leave at once.' With Sir James Graham and Sidney Herbert, Mr. Gladstone ** seceded from Lord Palmer ston's Cabinet in disapproval of the demand for an inquiry into the Crimean mismanagement,' This was not a very popular line; and on the whole these drawings rarely display Mr. Glad stone as a truly popular character. He may be successful, but even as ' the boy for our money,' he is sot amiable. Even when he 'takes a penny from the income tax' (1861) he appears as a dentist who has made his patient cry. Me. Disraeli, on the other hand, would have been facetiously represented as extracting the money by the ' confidence' or other trick from a puzzled John Bull. When Mr. Gladstone is repre sented as a jockey, he is too good a starter, and is off before the fall of the flag. His supreme feat is to represent Mr. and Mrs. Bull with a packet of tea. As a manager, h« is jealous of his company, and says, ' Mind, no starring in the provinces.' The begin ning of the end of a career of stormy successes is indicated in the cartoon which shows the Ghost of Lord Palmerstou remonstrating with Mr. Gladstone for ' his pacific attitude on the high-handed abrogation by Russia of the Black Sea clauses of the Treaty of Paris.' Through the whole set of cartoons Mr. Gladstone has only twice a smile on his face. We miss the admirable drawing of the peaceful peasant and the dissembling earl, and the sketch of Mr. Gladstone's failure to clear the Irish stone wall. Punch has always taken the same view of Mr. Disraeli and Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Bright is ap parently a more difficult subject. At first he is a smug Quaker bagman who tries to make a convert of the Dake of Wellington. He and Mr. Cobden give the Czar Nicholas a toy Turk to pull to pieces, though Mr. Bright appears to be remonstrating a little with his passionate and imperial friend. He lights the fire under the kettle of| Reform, and ' hopes it will soon boil,' and he laboriously climbs the greasy pole of popularity for the reward of the leg of mutton. His strength is recognised (1S6S) iu a design which represents bim in the act of knock ing down a number of timid Liberals who do not go far enough to please him. HU timidity, the timidity of the employer of labor and a capitalist, is illustrated (1866) in a very humorous cartoon. Walking under the shadow of a gigantic 'proletarian,' Mr. Bright says, with every s'fin of alarm, ' I have no fe-fe-fear of ma-manhood suffrage '.' His logic (1863) is that ' the masses of the people are so illiterate that sound statemanship requires that they shall be admitted to political power.' The funniest of all the cartoons re present him as a stout, middle-aged lady, in all the conscious and sulky dignity of 'apolitical wall-flower.' In many cartoons be is violent ; in some he assumes the command while he is only a lieutenant. His buxom content with himself in bis court dress regains for him the pubiio favor. People only laugh when, as a lacquey, he forgets his place, loses his temper, and bids the coachman of the Upper House. ' Pull out of the way there with that infatuated old machine of yours, can't yer?' Mr. Bright, after all, seems somehow the most human of these distinguished .characters. He is neither too awfully virtuous 'nor too whimsically clever ; neither a mixture of Puck and Ariel on the one side, nor a compound of Tartufe aud**£oland the Just' on the other. It is easy to guess what he will do and say, what he will like and dislike; though he will do everything '-with the strength of ten,' and will be iucunsisteut with a splendid honesty of unconsciousness which is one of his most human aud pleasing characteristics. The technical merits of thes ? caricatures need hardly be discussed. Mr Tenniel naturally shows himself as the supreme political caricaturist, while Mr. Leech and, still more. Mr. Doyle bad, as manifestly, their true province elsewhere — in social and in fantastic art. 