[?] CHURCH OF JpTGlAND SYNOD. The annual session of the Church pi England t?as commenced on Tuesday, May 13. The Lard. Bishop of Adelaide administered the, Holy Sacrament in St. peterfe Oatnedral io about U0 ?clergymen and tie same number of laity. The. Anthem was taken from Psalms xxxi. The Kyrie and the offertory sentences by Burnaby were also given. Canons .Coombs and Farr and Dr. Dendy also took part in the service. Mr. Bolt,, the organist of the Cathedral, presided at the instrument. At the conclusion of the Sacramental service, the Lord Bishop delivered a Pastoral Address. , The buBire b meeting was held in the Church Office, Leigh- street, subsequently. There was a large attendance of clergymen and congre gational representatives to the Synod. The Lord Bishop presided. , BISECTION COHUXTXBEfs BEPOBT. The Sbcbetabt (Mr. H. S. Anthony) read the report of the Election Committee as follows : — * Your Committee having considered a memo rial which has been received from St. Peter's, Williamstown, requesting to be recognised as part of a united parish and represented in Synod, cannot recommend that the request be complied with, on the grounds that the require ments of Fundamental Provision No. 14 have not been satisfied in the following particulars : ? 1st. The trusts of the Church have not been declared, although the certificate of title is iu the name of the Synod. 2nd. The amount of stipend paid to the incumbent, viz., £37 10s., is not a reasonable proportion of an income. They recommend Synod forthwith to declare the trusts under which it holds St. Peter's Wil liamstown. They recommend that the amount of *the reasonable income,' as required by Fundamental Provision No. 14, be from time to time defined by Synod. They report that the resolution of Synod contained in Minute 61 of 1877 has worked satisfactorily, but in order to make it accord with Regulation No. 6, defining the duties of the Election Com mittee, they recommend that it be amended to read as follows .— * That, under the direction of the Election Committee, due notice be sent by the Secretary of Synod to each vestry annually of the number of representatives it is entitled to elect for Synod.' Your Committee having notified to the Wardens of St. Jade's, Brighton, that they were only entitled to return one Synodsman, received an appeal against thoir decision. In 1874 and 1875 St. Jude's re turned two Synodsmen. In the latter year it was united with St. Mary's, South road, and Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill, aad \- has returned one representative only up to the present time. After carefully considering the precedent in the matter of All Saints', Hind marsh, and St. Margaret's, Wbodville, in the year 1877, your Committee are of opinion tnat St. Jade's, Brighton, can only return two repre sentatives by express permission of Synod, on showing that it is an independent parish pro viding a reasonable income to its minister. No -certificates of election of Synodsmen have been received from Holy Trinity, Adelaide; Sc. Jude's, Port Elliot ; St. John's, Macclesfield ; St. Mary's, Echunga; Holy Evangelists', Goolwa; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch; and Holy Trinity, Melrose.' SYNODAL -BOLL. ' The following list shows the constitution of tbe Synod: — The Bight Rev. the Lord Bishop. Holy Trinity Church, Adelaide — &ev.; Richard son Beid, Dr. Gosse, D?. Mayo, Messrs. W. H Holmes; and W.D. Holmes. Cfaristchurcb, North Adelaide — Archdeacon Marryat, and Messrs. J.^Bath,; D. Garlicky S.' Smith, and J. Barker. . St. Luke's Adelaide — Rev. Jamas Pollitt, and Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, L. G. Madley. S. HiggsVand A. Clark. -? . * ' St. Paul's, Adelaide— Dean Rus3ell, an 1 Messrs. J. C. Bray, E. M. Smith, and H. S. Anthony. St. Paul's. Porfc Adelaide— Rev. S. Green, ani Messrs. H. H. Thomas and A, Jones. St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. F. S. Poole, «,al Messrs. T. W. Roach, J. White, and F. H Garter. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood — Rev. W. B. Andrews, and Messrs. J. E. Moulden, J. C. B. Moncrieff, and B. Taylor. St. Margaret's, Woodville— Rev. Dr. Dendy, and Mr. G. A. Connor. St. Andrew's, Walkerville — Archdeacon Dove, and Messrs. C. C. Cornish and J. M. Thomas. St. Matthew's, Kensington— Rev. E. Jenkins, and Messrs. W. B. Hull and C. A. Wilson. St. George's, Woodforde— Rev. A. Homier, *nd Mr. S. Y. Pizey. St. Michael's, Mitcham— Rev. J. F. Hocfcer, and Mr. B. Hickson. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond— Rev. W. H. Mudie, and Messrs. J. H. Wiles, and G. L. Meyer, jun. St. Mary's, South-road — Rev. W. G. Robinson and Dr. Forster. . Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill— Rev. W. G. Robinson and Mr. T. S. Porter. Sc. Peter's, Glenelg— Rev. T. Field and Mr. W.S.Douglas. St. Stephen's, Willunga -Rev. E. Miller and Mr. A. Spence. ',.--. St. George's Gawler^Rev. Canon Coombs, and Messrs; T. O. Jones and. J. Thornley. Christehurch, Kapunda— Rev. J. M. Donald son, and Messrs W. Barlow and W. D. Scott. St Mary's, Burra-^-Mr. F. A. Grant. St. John's, Mount Pleasant— Rev. R. W. Holden. ' St. Peter's, Robe— Mr. J. Henderson. Christehurch, Mount Gambler — Messrs. E. P. Grundy and F.;Halcomb. ^ Christehurch, Yankalilla — Rev. C. W. Morse. fit. John's, Macclesford— Rev. H. Bevis. St. Mary's, Echunga— Rev. H. Bevis. Holy Trinity, Riverton— Rev. J. Houghton and Mr. J. Bosworth. . St. James'*, Glenburn — Mr. J. Lord. St. Michael's, Bungaree— Rev. R.. B. Webb and Mr. G. W. Hawkes. St. Barnabas, Clare— Rev. R. B. Webb. St. John's, Auburn— Rev. C. W. Hawklas, and Messrs. J. W. Castine and j. S. Anthony. St. Mary's, Wallaroo— Rev. C. G. Tartm an i Mr. G. W. Sillifant. St. Martin's, Campbelltown — Mr. H. E. Downer. St. Jude's, Brighton — Rev. H. Williams and Mr. H. Dutton, | jHoly Trinitjy,I,yndoca— Rev. A. Sells. St Augustine's* Port Augusta— Mr. T. G. Pleydell. . . : The following clergy also hold the licence of the Bishop, and are on the roll : — Revs. F. Williams, j. C. Haynes, J. Orchard (deacoa)i f). C. Elcum, J. H. Cdrvan, and W. B. Stanford. Archdeacon Marryatt moved the adoption of 4he roll and that the report be received. Mr. JL. S, Anthony seconded the motion, which was '^carried. Apologies for unavoidable absence were received Jrom the Revs. H. M. Pollitt, H. Howitt,*:E. T. HoweU, and W. F. MarshaU. After the roll had been called the Lord Bishop .appointed the Jiev. C. C. Elcam reporter, the /S. Green clerical jsecretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes lay secretary to Synod during the session. ? . ? -. =_; \- ELECTION COMMITi'KH. The following gentlemen were constituted an Election Committee— Archdeacon Marryatt, -Dr.: Dendy, Rev. S. Green, and Messes. E. B, Grundy «nd A. Spence. ?_-' .; APPEALS. - ' ?? .=-.-.. '' An appeal was -received from St. Peter's Church, Williamstdwa, against ihe decision of the Election Committee! 'The Rev. A. Sells proposed that the. Williamstown parish bsr added to the roll of those parishes entitled to send 'representatives to Synod. Mr Webb seconded thejnotion. The Rev. S. Gbeen ob served that there were two questions involved in tbe proposition, viz., the reasonableness of the salary offered to the clergyman by ihe church and the declaration of the trusts. 'Che certificate of title was in the hands of the Synod, but it was not understood that it was the work of the Synod to declare on their trusts. 43t. Peter's Church must do two things. It jtnust ask f or the declaration of the, trusts, aad «how that a reasonable income or a reasonable part of an income had been provided for their : . minister.. Last year only £37 10s. had been paid , 'by this which was one of three churches to their '' clergyman. The letter containing the appeal said .the sum raised was. what was required Jby the Bishop. With all due respect to His Lordship , there was & difference of action between. His Lordship and the Synod. Before a Charch .could take part in the government of the diocese jn temporalities 'it must contribute a : fair amount as income tb' the clergyman. It was a matter for the consideration of the Synod what was a fair salary or a fair part of a salary tb the clergyman. The: Rev. A. Sells, replying to Mr. Green, explained the reason of the smallness of the salary contributed by the churches con nected with St. Peter's meutidned in the report of the Election Committee. Archdeacon Mabbyat proposed as an amendment that tbe discussion, be postponed until resolution 17, defening the reasonable income to be paid ts a clergyman, was settled by Synod. Mr. Anthony seconded the amendment, which was carried. Mr.H. DoTTbN]moved,andtheRev.HA.BTi.ET Williams seconded, that St. Jude's Church, Brighton, be allowed to send a second repre sentative to Synod. The application was based npon the fact that the parish was entitled to send two Synodsmen to Synod before it was amalgamated with another. As the two Churches had subsequently separated, St. Jude's claim its former privilege. Considerable dis cussion ensued on the application, and the Rev. W. G. Robinson moved as an amendment, and Dr. Fostbb seconded — ** That the matter stand over and be dealt with similarly to the preced ing application.' The amendment was lost, and the original motion was then put and carried. BEPOBT ON STATE OF BIOCESB, The Bishop's report was read as follows:— So rapid and often unexpected are the changes which occur in the young life of a colony that even a twelvemonth's absence comprehends within its brief space considerable and im portant alterations. We miss old familiar faces, and we are introduced to new circumstances and new conditions of our social existence. Even in Church life, so fixed and staid iu the mother country, sudden vicissitudes in this diocese have occurred, which, startling at the moment, have scarcely yet subsided into obli vion, and can hardly fail still !to give pain to those who were unwillingly mixed up with them. Happily for myself I was delivered from being an eye-witness of the events whisk for a time caused a breach in the walls of our Zion. Among those who have departed from among us* I must mention the kind and gentle spirit of^the Rev. Octavius Hammond, who sank quietly into a peaceful grave through gradual bodily decay. He was a man of considerable skill in surgery, and of cultivated taste in art. The son of a respected rector in England, he recalled many of the features of that excellent class of men; grave, well learned, thoughtful, sound in doctrine, and exemplary in life, who impart the moral tone to village life, and are truly spiritual fathers to young and old; loved and respected by those who attended on his ministry; dear to the simple-minded natives of Poonindie, his latter years were useful aud happy. His end was peace, and it should be mentioned as a testimony to his real worth that the inmates of the Poonindie institution have subscribed liberally to erect a monument to his memory. The cure of Mitcham having also become vacant the ..Rev. F. Hocfcer accepted the incum bency, and at Mount Gambier was succeeded by the Rev Dr. Craig, who formerly, as missionary, had done good service in various of pur rural districts, supplying services, organising congre gations, directing and encouraging Sunday schools and .their teachers, improving the music and furniture of the many churches. After a long absence he returns to .the diocese in an isolated cure, where a priest of experieacs is especially needed. ? St. Mary 's, on the South-road, with O'Halloran Hill Church, has been acceptably occupied by the Rev. W. dRobinson, T.C.D., whose health at present is cot overtaxed by that cure, relieve! as it new is from the township of Brighton. The latter, congregation has fallen once more under the care of its former pastor, the Rev. Hartley Williams. Eev. Mr. Bach has found employ-' ment in the diocese of Tasmania. j These changes, caused by death and other circumstances of no pleasing character, mist needs have caused much anxiety and infinite trouble to the Vicar-General, Dean Russell. la my own, and I trust in your name, 1 tender him hearty thanks for the arrangements he succeeded in carrying through. There was no one, how ever, to replace Dr. Hammond at Port Lincoln ; and the cure of St. Thomas's, with the mission to the West Coast as well as the shores of Spencer's Gulf, still remained unfilled. ; Fortu nately for the spiritual wants of the diocese, the Bev.G.H. Farr placed his services at the disposal of the Vicar-General for missionary work and the supply of vacant churches. I regard that Mission Chaplaincy and tbe visita tion tour which Mr. Farr accomplished as b 3th of exceeding value. The Chaplaincy I trust from henceforth will form part of our standing diocesan organization. ? The visitation tour is already producing increased animation, and the desire among the members of -the Church of England both in the South- East and Port . Lincoln districts to supply themselves with the ministry of grace. ?- [ \- During my stay in England, looking to the spiritual wants of this extensive and sparsely peopled colony in its agricultural areas, I was successful in securing the- services of three additional clergymen— the Rev. C. C. Eicatn, priest, and two deacons, who were ordained at my recommendation by the Bishop of Chester, Rev. R.P. Dodd, and Rev.rW. Orchard.; Even thiS3tddition. to our clergy, besides that of Dr. Craig and the Rev. G. H. Farr {now ministering in the new Semaphore Church), is still insuffi cient for tbe growing wants of our people. To Port Lincoln, as being most in need,! have sent Mr. Orchard, though only in deacon's orders, because for ten years at Cheadle he was a minister and preacher, well esteemed among the Oongregationalists. He had received the strongest testimonials from ' the Rector of Ashby-de-Ia Zouch and other clergymen of our Church, and was recommended to my notice by the Organizing Secretary of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Active, zealous, and in the vigor of manhood, he is capable of much mission work; -while by the ministry of the Word he is well calculated to gather into the fold the dispersed and scattered sheep. Mr. Dodd was despatched by the Vicar General to Jamestown, and has made a vary favorable commencement of his ministry, which comprises Caltowie on the vest, Belalie aid ^ YoBgala on the east, as well as Mannanarie a id Orroroo to the north. Melrose, Wilmington, Qaorn, and the more Northern townships aud stations are still with out regular pastoral visitation, although in the early part of the year the Archdeacon of Flinders travelled as far as Port Augusta and Quorn, encouraging and strengthening all to whom he ministered to. continue steadfast in tbe faith and worship. I should be unjust if in this connection I were to' omit mention of the able missionary organizing . tour which Archdeacon Marryat accomplished in the South-East, at a time when the contemplated removal of Mr. Hocter from _: Mount. Gambier to Mitcham- seemed to leave that portion of the diocese in hopeless and irremediable destitution. He, however, suc ceeded; in arranging a scheme of missionary services to be supplied by the Rev. W. Bussell at J£#be, Miilicent, Penola, Narracoorfce, aad Kingston, IB succession; who I am happy to ?report, though a young deacon, has secured, tne respect and regard of those among wham he ministers. The visit of Mr. Farr, following .shortly after,-supplied by the administration of the Lord's Supper in those Churches the lack of that essential ordinance. This mission, however, needs strengthening by the addition of a priest, who' will I believe arrive among us from Tas mania—the Rev. H. Hughes— at the beginning of July. In the meantime I hope to send some clergyman in Driest's orders round the district. The. supply of a new congregation formed at , Two Wells and a monthly visit to Maitland. Ardrossan, and Kilkerran make large /demands on the time and energy of my d-un&stic; and missionary chaplain, the Rev. C. Elcum. A great calamity also has befallen the colony, and our own Charch in its degree, in the partial ? suspension of work at^the- Mooutaand Wallaroo Mines. The* Church at Moonta can no longer maintain a minister and pay the interest on its debt. The cure was vacated by Mr. Cor van, and has provisionally been placed under its former pastor, the Rev. C. G. Tapfin. MeaawMlo Maitland, Ardrossan, and Kilkerran have lost their regular visit from the pastor of Moonta, Mr. Cor van,; who lias succeeded to the mission -pure of Laura, with Gladstone and Georgetown southwards and Wirrabarra and Charlfcon to the north. . It will be seen from this rapid survey of the diocese that our Church, in spite of depression and difficulty, has not receded from the posts she has taken up. inadequately occupied, indeed, for lack of clergy in full orders of priesthood, still her services are ministered from Mount Gambier to Streaky Bay, and from Beltana by Port . Augusta to South Yorke's Peninsula; at Edith burg, Stansbury, Yorketown, Minlatoo, Diamond Lake by the Rev. W. Marshall; in Kangaroo Island by the Rev. C. Morse ; also at Cape Jervis, Glenburn, and Meaingie, back along the River Murray at Wilmington, too, and Morgan, Revs. H. Bevis and Donaldson (from Strathalbyn and Kapunda) hold occasional services. It only needs indeed a good supply of active missionary clergy to extend the ministra tions of the Charch of England through the length and breadth of the kind. They should be ' sons of consolation, full of faith and the Holy Ghost.' But if we are to be blessed with such a ministry they must be relieved from the heart- wearing cares of narrow and insufficient stipends. The laborer is worthy of his hire. I must sorrowfully confess he does not get it on the voluntary principle in the rural districts. The origin and need of the mendicant orders of preaching Fsiars in the Mediaeval Church is abundantly illustrated among the scattered farming population of this great colony. 1 know not how their spiritual wants are to be met, except by sending 'brothers' two and two, who from certain centres shall evangelize the neighboring districts. And here we are compelled to face the ques tion of parochial incumbencies aud mission cures. I would not indeed place them in antagonism, but regard the one as preparatory, the other as subsequent and supplemental. The history of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel is the embodiment of this idea. In 1703 it was incorporated by King William III. as the Missionary Society for the Plantations and Settlements in America. Head tbe earlier accounts of its labors in Georgia, Carolina, Vir ginia, Pennsylvania, or the northern New England States, and you will see the spiritual condition of countries large as this, but by no means so well 'supplied with clergy as this colony at the close of the first generation of its settlers. The great Church of the United States, with its sixty Bishops, as well as the dioceses under the Metropolitan of Montreal, owe their present existence to the missionaries sent out by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. This diocese was founded under the same auspices ; its first clergymen were five in number, three of whom — viz., Beaumont, Farrell, aud Woodcock — came out under the auspices of that Society. The property in Leigh- street was given to it for the missionary settlement of this colony. It so continues. But the need of a continuous supply of clergy from England had also forcibly struck the mind, of that far-seeing aad able colonist, W.Browne, Esq. Accordingly he set on foot the Church of England Endo vment Society for two great purposes— one the improvement of the income of parochial incumbents through endowments ; the other, iDci easing the number of missionary clergy from England. That So ciety has accordingly supplied passage-money and guaranteed an income for two years at least to fresh clergy, and to it we owe the accession of the Revs. Messrs. Dendy, Elcum, Dodd, and Orchard.' . Looking, then, to the enormous area now occupied by agricultural settlers, the numerous townships which are springing up, as well as the interior pastoral districts recently occupied from Eucla round by the Gawler Ranges to Lakes Gardner and Eyre, and away to the 'Borders of,Queensland and New South Wales, I would ask how, without travelling missionaries, can the Church of England in any degree shep herd those' few sheep in the wilderness,' which nominally belong to her? Well and wisely, therefore, did the Vicar-General, with the ad vice of Archdeacon Marryat, appoint provi sionally the Rev. G H. Farr to act as ' mis sionary chaplain.' He visited the South East and Western districts, but the funds of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel could do no more than supply one quarter's salary. That, however, sufficed to show the wisdom of the plan. The Church of England Endowment Society ; how ever, in the terms of its trust, has supplied means for increasing the number of English clergy, and I have had the satisfaction of en gaging the services of the Rev. Herbert Hughes, an English clergyman now acting as organising and missionary chaplain to the Bishop of Tasmania. I have received strong assurance of his tried capacity for the mission work in the new parochial districts. It remains for the people themselves on the stations and rural townships to do their part towards sus taining the missionaries and paying the ex penses of his travel. And now, without diminishing aught from the steady plans of endowing parochial settled districts (not ?mere isolated Churches), I must affirm that the missionary work of the diocese has an equil, if not prior claim. -The: settled congregations are richer and abler to contribute toward the stipends of clergy than the laboring population which is settled on scattered farms. Captain Allen had these country clergy . very much in view when he endowed the Pastoral Aid Fund. Until the last two years that fund has wholly been absorbed in augmenting the incomes of the settled and endowed parishes. At least one moiety I feel, as trustee, ought to be claimed for the missionary districts. I will conclude by commending this important subject to the care ful consideration of Synod, as by the funda mental provision No. 18 the ' spiritual care of members of our Church not residing in any parish ' is to be provided for by means of '' or dained missionaries licensed by the Bishop.' But how shall they be sent without the aid of the C.E.E.S. and the Allen Fund ? The following list of rural townships, not included in any parish where divine service is from time to time held by missionary clergy men, shows the extent of the work. Omittiug that portion of the colony lying within the Murray and St. Vincent Gulfs, Cape Jervis, and the River Broughton, the diocese may be conveniently divided into three missionary districts — 1. The Archdeaconry of Flinders ; '2. The South-Eastern District; 3. The country west of Spencer's Gulf . Townships in No. 1 are Port Broughton, Port Pirie, Crystal Brook, Georgetown, Gladstone, Laura, Wirrabara, Caltowie, Jamestown, Belalie, Yongala, Orroioo, Melrose, Wilmington, Qaorn, Hallett,Gottlieb's Wells, Terowie, Slidiag Rock, and Beltana. [KB.— Port Augusta, Port Pirie, Laura, and Jamestown have resident minister*.] Barunga and Green's Plains are visited by Rev. C.G. Taplin from Wallaroo; Maitland, Kilker ran, Ardrossan, by Rev. C. C. Elcum ; Yorke town, Mount Bat, Minlaton, Diamond Lake, Stansbury. and Edithburgh are served by the Rev. W. F. MarshaU. 2\. South-Eastern District contains Meningie, Kingston, Robe, Millieent, Penola, Narracoorfce, and Rivoli Bay North. 3\. West Coast, Port Lincoln, Tumby Bay, Lake Wangary, Lake Hamilton, Streaky B&y;, and many stations. I cannot close my report without briefly adverting to our Sunday-school Union, and the excellent gathering of the children at the Cathedral for afternoon service, with an address from their Bishop. Their reverential be havior and intelligent answering to the questions I put them denoted careful and thoughtful teaching. It is a hopeful sign for the future of our young people. Through some oversight, I presume, no infor mation was previously given me as to the schools or the number of children which would attend. Last year, when the Bishop of Mel bourne addressed the children, one thousand were said to have been present. The public also was admitted. On the late occasion, how ever, it was thought necessary to exclude by advertisement the general public aud to procure additional benches; but the accommodation was insufficient, and this suggests that either two Sundays should be devoted to a children's service— ^one for the 'schools of the. «ity, num bering about one thousand, and the other for the suburban and country schools— or ^hat a select portion of th« elder children only ^f each school should be brought to the Cathedral. It was, at all events, a touching sight to look upon so many young sculs gathered together, and hear them join heartily in the hymns of praise, accompanied by the noble organ, the gift of tbe women of South Australia to the Cathedral of the diocese. I trust I may be permitted again to see such a gathering, and encourage our young people 'to fear the Lord from their youth.' BEPOBT OF THE STANDING COMMITTEE. On the motion of the Rev. S. Gbben, seconded by the Rev. J. Poltxitt, the following report ftras taken as read : — Matters referred by Synod. — Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society — Your Committee proceeded to act on this minute by proposing that a Conference should be held between a sub-Committeee and the Board of Directors of the I.C.E.E.S. for the purpose of reconciling all matters of difference between the Synod and the Society, but the Board was unwilling to accede to the proposal during the absence of the Bishop. On the 12th February last the Secre tary wrote to the Board by the direction of your Committee, asking for a statement of the estimated net income of the Society for the cur rent year, and of the amount that could be paid over to Synod daring the same period for the endowment of Churches. The information was duly supplied, and is printed elsewhere. On the 28th of March the following minute was re ceived from the Board, and is now referred to the consideration of the Synod: — Extract from minutes of meeting of Church of England En dowment Society held on 21st March, 1879 : — ' 1. The Board of Directorsof the Society having considered the question at issue between the Standing Committee of Synod and this Society as to the ' distribution and application' of the net annual income of the Society have resolved — 1. That it is the duty of the President and Board of Directors for the time being to determine how to apply such net annual income towards increasing (firstly) the stipends of incumbents by endowments, and (secondly) the number oE the Diocesan clergy. 2. That the sums voted for such purposes are to be paid over to the Diocesan Synod for e application and distribution' according to the terms of the 'recommendation' made in writing, and accom panying such payments. 3. That it is in tbe discretion of the Diocesan Synod to alter and amend such recommendation,- but 4. That the final decision' as to the mode of the application of such funds (whether accord ing to their own recommendation or that recommendation as amended by Synod) rests with the President and Board of Directors. With respect to the application of the net annual income 1879, the Directors have determined to make the following recommendation, viz.: — That a sum of £500 shall be paid by the Society to the Synod for the endowment of Churches within the diocese of Adelaide. N.B. — They recommend that in future each parish to be endowed should pay one moiety of the whole endowment of £500, that £100 should be paid by tbe parish as the first instalment, and the balance liquidated by three yearly payments of £50. The Directors have also resolved, having regard to the Vicar-General's appointment (ad vised by Archdeacon Marryat and the Com mittee of Missionary Advice) of a ' travelling and organising missionary' (provisionally the Rev. G. H. Farr), to recommend the payment of £600 to the Bishop towards the support of a similar missionary, and for increasing from England or elsewhere the number of the diocesan clergy. £600 will scarce suffice for the payment of such travelling and organising mis sionary, and payment of passaeg-money and stipends t© such clergymen. The two sums of £500 and £600 absorb the whole amount of the annual income available for 1879.' South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union.— In accordance with the instruction given in this minute they re plied to the letter received from this Society asking Synod to aid in the promotion of sobriety among the people. Mission Committee of Advice. — They elected the Veiij. Archdeacon Dove and Mr. W. D. Scott to act on this Committee. The Late Bishop of Lichfield. — On receipt of the announcement of the death of the late Bishop of Lichfield they passed a resolution ex pressing their sense of the great loss the whole Church had sustained, and their sympathy with his son, the Bishop of Melanesia, in this heavy affliction. Other Busine3S. —The Committee now pro ceed to those other matters which have occu pied their attention from time to time during the past year :— Assessment. — They estimate the expenditure for the ensuing year at £260, and recommend an assessment at 8d. per sitting let, as per statistical returns of 1877-8, amounting toj£255 13s. 8d., being at the same rate as for the last four years. The whole of the assessments for the past year have been paid, producing sufficient to cover the expendi ture and leave a balance in hand of £72 18s. 3d. No new churches have been added to the list. Schedule C. — They are not prepared to re commend Synod to place any Churches in this schedule during tbe present session. Table of Collections, &c.; — They present a table showing thejamounts received . from each Church for the various funds, the amounts paid as grants-in-aid of clerical incomes, and the pro posed assessment for 1879-80. The following is a comparative statement of the totals of these amounts for the past two years: — Received, 1877^8— Synodal assessment, £242 19s.; Home Mission, £185 14s. lid.; Mission to the Heathen, £160 12s. 1878-9— Synodal assessment, £213 8s. 8d.; Home Mission, £184 6s. Id.; Mission to the Heathen, £167 4s. Id. Paid — Grants-in-aid of clerical incomes, 1877-8, £483 0s. 4d.; do., 1878, £462 3s. 4d. Home Mission Fund. — They have again paid the grants-in-aid of clerical incomes ae full scale. Mission to the Heathen. — They have voted the whole of the funds placed at their disposal to the Melanesian Mission. Endowment of Churches. — During the past year All Saints', Moonta, has been endowed to the maximum amount of £500, the parish sub scribing £200, and the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society contributing £300. This Society estimates that it can pay over to Synod the sum of £500 during the year 1879 towards the endowment of churches. A scheme has been drawn up whereby churches will bs encouraged to endow gradually, i.e.\ in sums of not less than £40 (representing an income of £6 per annum), and not exceeding £200. Should the funds available not be sufficient to meet all the applications received, parishes will be allowed to pay in their quota on deposit, upon which the attorneys of tbe S.P.G. have agreed to allow 10 percent, interest, to be continued till the endowments are completed. . Circulars giving the details of the scheme have been seat; to all Okurches unendowed or only partially endowed. Schedule A (Churches Receiving Aid). — No churches have been added to this schedule during the past year. Vacant Cures' Endowment.— The Treasurer has received £24 9s. 2d. from this source during the year, and has made certain payments, leav ing a balance in hand of £3 10s. 6d. Area Mission Fund. — This fund has been found very useful for the purposes for which ib was raised, and the Standing Committee recom mend it to the liberality of churchmen. Model Trust Deed. — Your Committee recom mend that a clause be added to the Model Trust Deed regulating the management of cemeteries, and suggest that it might be similar to that re schoolhouses, No. 9 ; and they also recommend Synod to decide whether the Model Trust Deed should contain a clause giving Synod power of fltftTfi Trusts of Various Funds. — Yaur Committee have been advised that it is necessary for Synod to give formal declarations of trust for. the. fol lowing funds : — The General Synodal Endow ment of Churches Fund, the Clergy Widow aud Orphan Fund, and the elergy Annuity Fund. Formal resolutions will be submitted for con sideration. ? Christehurch, O'Halloran Hill. — An applica ttion was received respecting the completion of the schoolroom at O'Halloran Hill, and asking that it might be conveyed to- five trastees for the purposes of an Institute, &c.; After careful and proloBged consideration the Standing Com mittee resolved that they had no power to comply with the application.. St. Augustin's, Virginia. — In consequence of the peculiar position of St. Augustin's, Virgiaia, the Committee recommend that the assessment for 1879-80 be remitted, and that the circum stances of this Church be taken into favorable consideration by the Synod. Return of the Lord Bishop. — On the 27th of February last the Lord Bishop returned to the diocese, and was met at the Church Office, where anaddress of welcome was presented to him signed on behalf of Synod by the Dean and the Secretary. The late Bishop, of Newcastle. — Your Com mittee recommend Synod to pass a resolution expressing its regret at the loss the Diocese of Newcastle has sustained through the deithof the Right Reverend Walter Tyrrell, and its admiration of the character and labors of the deceased Bishop. The Secretary handed in the various accounts, which were taken as read. CLEEGT, WIDOW, AN1- OBPHAN FUifD. The Committee reported as follows: — ''All the premiums are paid. Two clergymen have joined the fund ; one has died, and his widow has been placed on the list of annuitants ; and tnree have withdrawn from the fund on leaving the diocese, receiving together the sum of £33 10s., being 50 per cent, of the premiums which they had paid in ; consequently the funds are relieved from all liability in respect of them. The total worth of the funds is £6,133 6s. lid., of which £320 7s. 3d. is invested in land, and £5,590 on mortgage, producing an income vary ing from 6 to 10 per cent. The income for the year ending June 30, 1878, was £578 10s. Id., and the expenditure £189 lls. Id., the balance, £388 19s., being net profit. In accordance with the resolution of last Synod, the annuitants now receive £40 per annum.' CLERGY ANNUITY FUND. The Committee reported to the following effect : — ' The income for the past year has been £462 18s. 9d., the expenditure £30 9s. Id., leaving a net profit of £432 9s. 8d., which, to gether with the amount brought forward from last year, gives a net result of £1,229 16s. 5d. as the present worth of the funds. Of this sum £170 3s. 6d. has been subscribed to the Guarantee Fund. Donations have produced £17 10s. 6d. For t,he ensuing year promises of subscriptions to the Guarantee Fund have been received amounting to £71 17s. 6d. ; the attorneys of the S.P.G. promise to supplement subscriptions and donations pound for pound up to a maximum of £100 ; hence, in order to claim this amount in full, an additional sum of £282s.6d.mustbesubscribed, which they trustwillbefon;hcoming. There are no arrears of either premium or interest. The num ber of clergy subscribing is 30 out of 44, the number licensed in the diocese ; one subscriber to the fund has died during the past year, and one has resigned, and one new subscriber has joined the fund. The whole of the funds are invested except a small balance of £1 Is. 5d., £1,080 being lent on mortgage, yielding an in come varying from 7 to 10 per cent., and £148,153. being invested in land. The fund is now avail able for annuitants, the Capital Guarantee Fund having reached the minimum of £1,000 ; they trust that during the ensuing year it will reach the amount contemplated by Synod, £1,500. CHBISTIAN KNOWLEDGE SOCIETY BRANCH. A report was read from the Committee ap pointed by Synod stating that ' A meeting of the Committee was held, and a circular ad dressed to all the clergymen and Churchwardens of the diocese was adopted, calling attention to the claims, of the venerable Society, as one of the great handmaids o£ the Church since its establishment in 1695, and for the support and sympathy of all members of our Church, and particularly in this diocese, for the liberal dona tions given in aid of education and the ministration of religion in South Australia. Three hundred circulars, with the same number of collecting cards, were issued in October, 1878. Your Commit' ee have been informed that the Lord Bishop has made arrangements for a supply of books, to be sent to au agent for sale in this diocese, from the venerable Society. Tbe teachers of All Saints' School, Hindmarah, have resolved to aid the Society by quarterly collections is Maich, June, September, and De cember; the first collection, £2 10s. 6d., has been received. When a sum of £20 is collected it is proposed to remit that sum as a first dona tion towards the new offices the Society is build ing in London.'' ENDOWMENT SOCIETY BEPOET. The following is a statement of the estimated net income of the Society for the year ending 31st December, 1879, and of the amount that; can be paid over to Synod during the year 1879 towards the endowment of churches: — Esti- mated net income for the year, £1,000; overdue rents and interests from 1878, £150; unex pended vote to Synod for 1878, £200— total, £1,350. Application of Fund — Unexpended vote to the Lord Bishop, £250 ; vote for the year 1879 for missionary purposes, and for the impor tation of clergy, £600 = £850. Estimated balance that can be paid to Synod during 1879 towards the endowment of churches, upon their application and advice that the parish has con tributed its portion (inclusive of the above £230 voted in 1878), £500. STANDING COMMITTEE. The following gentlemen were elected office bearers and[a Standing Committee to the Synod for the ensuing year : — Treasurers, Messrs. H. Dutton and W. S. Douglas ; Auditors, Messrs. H. D. Holmes and A. Spence ; Committee, Revs. S. Greon, H.M. Pollitt, Archdeacon Dove, Arch deacon Marryat, Dr. Dendy, Canon Farr, W. B. Andrews. Messrs. H. S. Anthony, J. H. Can ninghamj W. Barlow, W. D. Scott, A. Spence, G. W. Hawkes, H. E. Downer, Ji. G. Madley, E. B. Grundy, F. Halcomb, J. C. Bray, H. Dutcon, and Dr. Goese. COMMITTEE OF APPEAL. The following were elected a Committee of Appeal :— The Rev. E. T. HoweU, Messrs. H. E. Downer, and W. D. Scott. ASSESSOBS. The following were chosen Assessors for the ensuing year : — Archdeacon Marryat, the Revs. Canon Coombs, Canon Farr, Dr. Dendy, S. Green, W. B. T. Andrews, and Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, G. A. Connor, W. S. Douglas, E. B. Grundy, L. G. Madley, and H. Dutton. BEPBESENTATiVES TO THE GENEBAL SYNOD. The following gentlemen were elected to represent the Diocese at the next General Synod- — Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. Canon Farr, S. Green, J. T. Hocter, and Messrs. H. E. Downer, G. W. Hawkes, W. Barlow, A. Speace, and J. H. Cunningham. Emergency — Archdeacon Dove, Rev. F. S. Poole, Messrs. F. Grant, and T. Hickson. CHBISTCHUBCH, NOBTH ADELAIDE. A petition was received from Christchurch, North Adelaide, asking that the boundaries of the parish might be accurately defined. Re ferred to Standing Committee. OOBBESFONDENCE. The following letter addressed to Synod was read :— ' I venture to hope that I shall be deemed justified in appealing to the Synod for enquiry into the following circumstances. That there is now reason to believe that it was through an ad mitted misapprehension of the faofcs by the pre sent Lord Bishop and Very Rev. Dean of Ade laide that I have been unintentionally and irretrievably ruined in worldly estate through the Law Courts. That as a natural consequence of such misapprehension and procedure I have been and am still shut out from a fair share of employment, for self-support, notwithstanding that by the grace of God I have health and attainments equal to be useful for a livelihood in any Government department or mercantile establishment. I humbly beg leave therefore to appeal with due reverence to the Syned to afford me an opportunity, the above-mentioned circumstances, and of producing documents- aod? testimonials in my possession from others in* support thereof. Trusting that defects owing to my loneliness in the composition of this letter may be allowed for and excused. — I have, &c-r.; B. Gilbert Symonds, a member of the Church of England. Arrived before the proclamation of the colony per Cygnet, September, 1836.' A brief dissuasion ensued, during which several members- of the Synod expressed their inability to understand what the letter referred to. Re ceived. MOTIONS. The following motions were dealt with : ? Proposed by Mr. G. W. Hawkes, and seconded by Mr. T. S. Pobtkr, « That the thanks of the Synod are doe to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address and Report, and that they, with the statistical returns] bs printed in the Report of Synod.' Carried. Hia Lordship briefly acknowledged the compliment. Proposed by Mr. W. S. Douglas, seconded by tbe Rev. Canoa Coombs, ' That the reports of the Standing Committee, the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fuudr the Clergy Annuity Fund, and the S.P.C.K. Committee be received, taken as read, and published in the report.' Carried. Proposed by Mr. G. W. Hawkes, seconded by Mr. J. Thobnlx*, ' Thatthebalance-sheetof the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter- 1879, and the accounts of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, and Clergy Annuity Fond be received, adopted, and published in the report.' Carried. Proposed by the jftev. S. Green, seconded by Mr. A. Jones, and carried, ' That the thanks of Sjnod be given to the Attorneys of the S.P G , the Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, the Committees of the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, and the Melanesian Mission, for their accounts, reports, and statis tical returns, and that they be received and published in the report.' Proposed by Mr. W. S. Douglas, seconded by Mr. J.H.Cunningham, 'That the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee.' Carried. Proposed by the Rev. S. Green, seconded by Mr. J. W. Castine, 'That the Revs. H. M. Pollitt, W. G. Robinson, and S. Green, and thfr Secretary, be a Committee to edit the report of Synod.' Carried. Proposed by the Ven. Archdeacon Mabbyat, eeconded by the Rev. Canon Fabb, ' That the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund report be adopted.' Carried. ^-4 Proposed by the Venerable Archdeacon Mabbyat, seconded by the Rev. Canon Fabb, 'That the Clergy Annuity Fund Rsport be adopted.' Carried. Canon Fabb read a letter that Mr. Hawkes had received from a clergyman residing in the vicinity of Port Elliot. The writer said that a reference to an enclosed list of subscribers to the fond in question would show that much more might be done towards augmenting the fund if the clergy would take it up ii a hearty man ner, but of a list of 74 subscribers the large pro portion of 22 had been secured in that exceed ingly poor district, owing to the matter having been brought well under the notice of the Church people by the incumbent of that district. The amount subscribed was not large, £13 4s., but if the whole ©f the clergy would only set to work in the same way it would give an addition to the funds of over £400, which continued for three years would be of very material assistance. The writer believed that small sums would be readily subscribed by Church people. Canon Farr directed attention to another point, viz. the statement that the fund was now available for annuitants. It might be perhaps thought desirable by Synod to fix what amount the annuity should be, in case any application were made for it. In the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund the amount was fixed at £10 psr annum. An animated discussion ensued on Canon Fair's remarks. On the motion of Arch deacon Mabbyat the following gentlemen were elected a Committee to collect subscriptions towards the object : — Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, J. H. Cunningham, and E. B. Grundy, with power to add to their number. Proposed by the Rev. S. Gbeen, and seconded by Mr. W. S. Douglas, 'That Clause 2 of Schedule A of the trust deed of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be struck out, and the following inserted in place thereof: — ' Clergymen licensed by the Bishop subsequently [ to May 1st, 1879, may secure the benefit of the fund within one year of obtaining their licence by permission of the Standing Committee on production of a medical certificate satisfactory to tbe Standing Committee of their being in sound health, and by contributing as follows: — 1. Unmarried clergymen aud widowers without a child, £2 per annum. 2\. Married clergymen and widowers with a child, £4 per annum. After the ex piration of the above term of one year, clergymen shall only be allowed to come under the provisions of the fund by permission of the Standing Committee, on producing a medical certificate satisfactory to the Standing Com mittee of their being in sound health, and on payment of double the amount of the arrears of subscription, reckoned from the date of their being licensed by the Bishop.' Carried. Proposed by Mr. H. S. Anthony, and seconded by the Rev. Canon Coombs — ** That the Synod of the Church of England in the diocese of Ade laide, Incorporated, accepts the properties and funds now belonging and which may hereafter belong to the Clergy Annuity Fund, in trust for the purposes and objects declared thereof by the deed declaring the same which has been pre pared, and directs that the common seal of the said Syned shall be affixed thereto accordingly.' Carried. Proposed by Mr. T. O. Jones, and seconded by Mr. J. Thabnley— ' That the Synod of the Church of England iu the Diocese of Ade laide Incorporated, hereby { authorises and directs the trustees for the time being of the Endowment of Churches Fund to convey, assign, and transfer to the said Synod the pro perties and funds belonging to the trusts speci fied in a certain deed declaring trusts of the said funds, which bears date the fifth day of January, in the year 1866, and is executed by Augustus Short, D.D., Lord Bishop- of Ade laide, and John Morphett, the Trustees named therein, to hold the said properties and funds in trust for the purposes and objects for which \ the said fund has been raised.' Carried. ^ * Proposed by Mr. T. O. Jones and seconded by Mr. J. Thobnley— ?« That the Synod of the Church of England of the Diocese of Adelaide, lrcorporated, hereby authorises and directs the Trustees for the time being of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund and of the Guarantee Fund to convey, assign, and transfer to the said Synod the properties and funds belonging to the trusts specified in a certain deed, declaring trusts of the said funds, which bears date tbe fifteenth day of May, in the year 1865.. and is executed by Augustus Short, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Neville Blyth, and Thomas J. S. O'Halloran, the trustees named therein, to hold in trust for the purposes and objects for which the said funds have been raised.' Carried. Proposed by Mr. H. S. Anthony and seconded by Mr. W. S. Douglas — ** That a new clause be inserted in the Model Trust Deed, first section Fundamental Provisions, to read as follows': — Power to sell — u Upon receiving from any Vestry a resolution passed by it, and requesting the Synod so to do (but not otherwise), the Synod may sell any land comprised in the Model Trust Deed of the Church, the affairs of which are managed by such Vestry upon such terms, and conditions as shall seem fit to the Synod » the' purchase money to be received for the said land shall be applied to the purpose or purposes, (not being inconsistent with the trusts of such, deed) as shall be stated in such resolution,, and as the Synod shall approve. Provided always that no proposition for the sale of any conse crated land or building shall be decided except at the annual session of Synod, or at a oaU of Synod, nor shall any such proposition be passed unless two-thirds of the members present on a division support the same.'1 Mr. T. O. Jones ' moved as an amendment, and Mr. N E. B. Gbundy seconded, that all the words after ' provided always' be struck out. Mr. H. E. Down ub proposed an amendment 'That the matter be referred to a SubCom mittee consisting of Messrs. Barlow, Grundy, and Anthony, in order that the new clause may be drawn up by thyn. and presented to Synod -at a later stage of the session, and that the debate be adjourned until such report be brought up.' Carried. Proposed by the Venerable Archdeacon Makryat and seconded by the Rev. J. C. HiTNBS — w That it is desirable that a clause be added to the Model Trust Deed, regulating the ?management of Gemeteries, and that a Com mittee be appointed to draft such a clause, and xeport the same to the Standing Committee, such Committee to consist of the Revs. F. Hocfcer, Canon Farr, and Messrs. Barlow, Moulden, and the mover.' Carried. Mr. G. W. H&wkes; proposed, and Canon Coohbes seconded— ' That this Synod expresses its sympathy** the loss the Diocese of New ? castle has sustained through the death or the Bight Rev. Walter Tyrrell, and its admiration of the character and labors of the deceased Bishop. Carried. , Proposed by Archdeacon MareyAT and seconded by the Rev. S. Gbeen— ' That, in ac cordance with the recommendation ot the Ejec tion Committee, Synod declare the trusts under which it holds St. Peter's Church, Williams town, on being requested to do so by the Vestry.' Carried. At 10 p.m. His Lordship pronounced the benediction, and then adjourned, the Session till next day at 11 a.m. 