xrf f rxrtjesWs IN THE PRESENT CRISIS. On Sunday evening last, Rev. Canon Smith preached a sermon, in All Saints' Cathedral, upon this subject. The fact that he would so preach having been made- public in the local Press, an immense conereeation assembled on the opening of the Cathedral doors, and addi tional seats had to be provided, the same being placed in the aisles. It was estimated that there were over fifteen hundred persons present. The portions of Scripture chosen as the text were — l'Thcssalonians v., 21— Prove all things, hold fast that whioh ib good. 1' Corinthians xvi., 13-14— Watch yo ; stand fast In the faith; quit you like men ; be strong. Let all your things be done with oharity, Jude, 3rd verse — That ye should earnestly contend for the(faith onoe delivered to the saints. The rev. gentleman said : He had announced hisr . intention of, speaking that evening in con nection with the duty of Protestants in the present crisis, and he did not think he could do; better than give them the broad platform of 'Christian truth, which ho had just read, as the fountain of what he had to say. The first utterance conveyed to his , mind .tho - truth, which, though .'often assailed, " had never been destroyed, — the right of private judgment. That- right the Church of Rome condemns." The right Protestantism holds as one of her fundamental principles. Prove' all 'things, hold fast that which is good:" ' The '' Bible, teaches the responsibility of 'man';:' and 'surely if a man is responsible. for his belief he has a right to, seek for a ground, for such belief; If they ' were told that the Church enjoins articles of faith, they had a right to demand the authority ; the Church has for the framing 'of such Articles, and if those Articles could not be found in Holy- Scripture, they had a right on the authority of Scripture' itself to reject and disbelieve them. St: Paul, in writing to the Galatians, speaking of! their .being drawn aside to another-gospel, says, in most emphatic terms, " But though we or an angel ;from heaven preaoh any' other Gospel - unto you'than that ye have received, let him be accursed.!' In passing he would ask ' where" in the gospel as preached by St. Paul, the gospel which was in existence then— where could they find one of the doctrines they protested against — one which caused the difference between Roman Catholicism and Protestantism. Take for instance that doctrine' which exalts tho Virgin Mary into the throne of the Saviour, and makes her equal to her Son in obtaining man's redemp tion:' St. Paul writes about many things, all important, yet strange it is, he never mentions her name. This then could not be the gospel Paul preached. The church of Rome holds it to be right to do evil that good may come ; this doctrine was not to be found in the gospel. Take again the doctrine of purgatory which is the gold mine of the Church of Rome ; did St. Paul teach it ? Was that included in the inventory of the Gospel ? Did Jesus teach it ? Where was the doctrine of penance taught, that God will be propitiated by the infliction of sufferings upon this poor body ? The Church of Rome teaches that it is right to punish with temporal torments - those who will not conform to her rule of faith ; she. is drunk with the blood of millions of God's saints ; she has made portions of this earth a vast cemetery in whioh her victims are .buried ; she glories still in the historical records -which attest the fact as to how she;had ridded the world of heretics. And thoy-need not go back to the evil day of the past ; they had had in -Bathurst scenes enacted which proclaim the fact that her spirit is still the same ; the spirit that lit the fires of Smithfield ; that burnt John Huss, Latimer, Ridley, Hooper and Cranmer,. that, ravaged the Huguenots of France, is the spirit of Catholicism to day. He was not there to say a word in regard to Mr. Kenna ; respect for the living would prevent him-from parading what Mr. Kenna said to him in regard to that- terrible system which pretends to have' the power of opening or' shutting heaven with as much ease as he could open or shut his garden gate. But one thing he would say,— that his grave in yon plot of ground, his own paddock, overlooking Bathurst, was a pro test against that cruel Church, which shut him . out of heaven because he would not take his son from a school to which numbers of Roman Catholics go, and where no insult is ever offered to their faith. That Church, by her Minister, gave, the other day, Christian burial and invested that burial with all the pomp and grandeur, of her. service, to a citizen in Sydney, whose' son was at the same Grammar School. He. was admitted into heaven, no barrier interposed; the faithful were not shocked. That as in Sydney, beneath the shadow of St. Mary's. In Bathurst a citizen dies,— his son is at.:the Grammar School, Sydney, he is shut out of heaven if the Romish priests can do it. Write it high upon his tomb,— grave it in the rock with iron, that the Chirch forbids him a resting place in holy ground because he dared to give his -son an education whioh would fit him for playing his part right well in life's great battle. — an education he could not get in any Catholic seminary in New South Wales. And yet this denial of sacraments, this delight in the assertion of priestly power, in face of the teaching of Christ - which enjoins us ever to forgive our enemies and - to pray for them who despitefully use us ! And again had they not before them the case of the boy Long ; that boy who, at about 6 years of age,; was forcibly taken from his mother, , who was a Protestant; by the father; .who was a. Catholic. The boy was entrusted to a priest, the father died, and who so fit to be entrusted with the care of her son as tho mother, against whose character nothing could be said. The mother appealed to the authorities of the: church,. that appeal was contemptuously spurned. What does the Church of Rome know about human instincts ? that mother's prayer fell dead upon the ears of the- Bishop and his priests. The Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Geekie, the Police Magistrate and myself waited on Bishop Quinn and urged him to- give up the boy ; but in vain. What next ? Wo invoked the law, and the priest who held that ohild was obliged to give him back to his mother. When asked by the judge why he retained the child, the priest's reply was his affection for tho child's salvation— guod — but to what school was ha sent ! You may be sure he was not sent to one of these godless, immoral public schools ; no, the darling must not be sent to one of those infidel schools, where the faith ful are in danger of persecution. Where shall an asylum be found for this child, snatched by this holy priest, this man who can dispense sacraments, open and shut heaven? Where will he instil into tho young immortal the truths that are to save him ? The asylum to which he bore him was a public house on the Bogan. But then a public house is a better place than a public school. The judge ordered the priest to give back the child to his mother, and he should not soon forget the day when he was handed back into the arms of one who loved him as only a mother can. Thank God we live in a country whose laws secure us from the ruthless attacks of men who for the sake of their church would trample on laws human and divine ; who disregard the cry of a mother robbed of the child she loved. If Roman Catholicism had reigned supreme in Australia that mother would never have recovered her child. The preacher said ; — My beloved brethern, the times we live in are pecular times — times of mighty moment — times when the words of the apostle " Watoh ye, stand fast in the faith, quit you like men, be strong " are words which ought to pass from man . to ..man. The time for supineness is past, the time for action is come, the time for taking sides ; and - for these rough and rugged times, these .words are worth remembering. We should -.".earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to ,;the saints." These words call to my mind language of the celebrated Canon ;Ml"ille . ,in preaching.- a sermon on the 5th 'November.' ! " It would;"1, said he, " ill become me' as a , minister of '.the Protestant ! Church to address ! you on. the ' present occasion without referring to that great event which has been commemorated in the services of this day. Though not a friend to keeping up observances which might only be. calculated to irritate the feelings of any of our fellow citizens — far less would I be a friend to the ceasing to give thanks for. a great national deliverance, 'as to acknowledge a great religious benefit — far less would I be silent when silence might be con strued into an admission of -there heing no im portant differences between Protestantism and Popery. There can be no doubt that Protes tants have been asleep. I don't mean to say that good, great good has not been done ; but I aril persuaded that for years, yea, for ages, we have looked with indifference upon the efforts put forth by the Church of Rome. We have cried Peace, peace, when there was no peace. A man who has warned us has been set down as a bigot ; the truths our fathers died for have been laid aside, and we have evidenced a greater reliance upon the word of Roman Catholics than we have upon the statements of our own histor ians. The Church of Rome appears outwardly very tolerant, and when in a minority always talks in a liberal spirit about religion; but when the end is achieved, and she is in a majority, submission, not equality, is hor cry." There could be no true liberty in a purely Roman Catholic country; Look for instance at the Papal States, where Rome has had it all her own way — where, until lately, there were no immoral, godless-infidel schools. Rome was the mistress of education : priests and teachers almost as plentiful as scholars ; and there, where Rome was all powerful, where she had no rival, morality was lower, ignorance was greater, than in any other European country. Reflect on this ye Protestants, who see only the Australian side of Rome ! Liberty of worship was not known in Italy or Spain, except in spite of the Papacy, and if ever that Church should be in the ascen dancy in this colony, good-bye to all freedom of speech or freedom of worship. Believing that the Bible was the -Word of God, and that Roman Catholicism in its teaching and spirit was antagonistic to that word — and that it was inimical to the highest interests of this land — and that it was the enemy of freedom, they pro tested against its teachings. They earnestly contended against her, not in the spirit of un- kindness, but in the spirit of charity , and at the same time of loyalty to the Protestant institu tions of the country. The Church of Rome never altered her constitution and spirit were inconsistent with freedom ; she' arrogated power over men in - this world, enslaved their con sciences, and followed them into the world to come ; asserted for poor, fallible,' sinful man, beset with infirmities, a power co-equal with the Deity itself ;she set up and dethroned, and for the accomplishment of her purposes used, every artifice which craft or cruelty could suggest. Her Jesuitry had made her feared even by her own people. Did she not hold as one of her cardinal principles that men might do evil that good might come? Moreover,' she had corrupted the simple utterances of the Gospel by the intro duction of superstitions which were borrowed from Paganism, and buried the way of salvation' as taught by our Divine Exem plar beneath the rubbish of unauthor ised tradition. 'The ' condition of the times— the insolence, of the church as seen exemplified in the case of the boy Long— the fulminations against the Public Schools — the denial of the rites' of the Church' to those parents who send their children to State Schools— the stigmatizing of the children, of those/who go there as "rough and irreverent, wanting in respect for those qualities which go to make up true man "—(in - fact, in homely words the late pastoral declared-that the State Schools were raising a lot of ruffianly black guards, devoid of any true regard for God or man)— the condition of the times in which they live demanded that they should watch, stand fast, quit themselves like men, be strong; in fact, that they should seek to preserve those institutions which were their civil and religious safe-guards. The Church of Rome never used greater activity ; she compassed sea and land to make one proselyte ; her scheme in regard to eduoation was worthy of a better cause ; her plans were laid with a deep knowledge of the human mind ; her emissaries were ubiquitous ; she worked with one defined aim — the subjuga tion of the human mind to the authority of the Pope. What did the Pastoral say.? "We Catholics are tax-payers : we have a right to have our share in the grant for education." Well then, concede this principle, then all tax payers should have an equal share in accordance with their numbers. In the gross relation this would necessitate an infinite number of small schools, with incompetent, ill-paid teachers. But stay. "This," says the Pastoral, "is fair play all the world over." He asked, Was this the policy enunciated by the Pope and blessed by the Church? Did the Church recommend in Italy that all the infidel and godless tax-payers should have fair equivalent out of the public purse for the teaching of their children ? No ! They would scarcely give a place for the burial of a Protestant ; and lately in Spain a man of reputation had been imprisoned for selling the Bible. Why, he had read only a few months ago a list of the people cursed for building Pro testant churches and Protestant schools — masons and carpenters and a hundred other trades, all ecclesiastically damned for gaining an honest penny by doing work for Protestants — all cursed except the bricklayers, who, for some unaccount able reason had been left out of the list. They were called upon to contend against Popery because they believed it to be antagonistic to the dearest interests of mankind. History — that stern chronicler — told them what Popery had done in the past. They could read to-day in the bloody roll of Martyrdom of those glorious wor thies, the world's benefactors, who died at her hands whilst contending for the faith. And she was still the same. They were called to contend against Rome because she invaded the sanctity of the domestic hearth — set up a rival where the allegiance should be one and undivided, undermined the morals of the young by suggesting thoughts (as taught in Den's Theology — a Roman Catholic text book) dis gusting to the pure in heart, tainting the moral atmosphere with thoughts that were defiling and debasing — gave the priests the absolute power over the human will — shackled the soul in worse than iron fetters, by placing the con science in the hard grip of a kind of self- constituted Deity. It might be asked what was the faith in which they were to stand fast, and to contend for ? He answered, it was a system of doctrine delivered to the apostles and en forced by them, and their words stood out boldly in living characters in Holy Scripture. It -was no new gospel they contended for — no new system of theology, They contended and strove for those blessed truths which were sanctified by the remembrance of the Saviour's life. They looked in vain in the Holy Scrip tures for those doctrines taught in the Church of Rome — he meant those doctrines Avhich were opposed by Protestants. Where, he would ask, was that dpctrine of Purgatory taught — that doctrine which the Church of England declared to be repugnant to the Word of God, the sum and substance of which was that the fire of purgatory was more effectual for cleansing the soul than the blood of Christ. Over this purgatory the priests had power ; they could grant indulgences and remit. (The speaker here read extracts from "Duffy's Catholic library," bearing upon tbe granting of indulgences to those who should perform certain religious exercises.) Should they not " stand fast " against this blasphemous travesty of Christ's holy religion ? Was it not a horrible doctrine, unworthy of their beneficent Creator, that a saint who had sought to love God with all his heart and soul Bhould, after priestly absolution, extreme unction, the prayers of the faithful, be consigned, for nobody' knows how long, to the fires of purgatory ?— and this in opposition to the Word of God, which declared that " the blood of ' Jesus Christ cleariseth us from all sin." Where again was : there any authority in Scripture for tho unbloody1 sacrifice of the moss ? or the worshipping of relics'? : The Rev. E. Forbes, an eminent divine, Avho had done good _ service to the Protestant Church of France, said "Beware how you put !your children within the reach of Catholic Gover nesses. A lady found a bone in her child's bed; and was about to throw it away .'when; the child screamed out, "Oh ! don't "throw- that away! it is St. Joseph's bone, and I pray to it every day."' Where; 'could -they, (find " in Scripture the doctrine ' of ithe invocation of saints and angels, Virgin, the sale .of indulgences, -the obligation of celibacy on the clergy, the Immaculate Con-, ception of the Virgin, the infallibility- of the Pope? If they were to drove all- things and only to hold fast that which; is- good; . iu: what Gospel, in what Epistle were these things found ?i They were not received by the early Church. They were gradually engrafted upon the simple doctrines of the Bible — the wort of centuries'; for be it remembered that the doctrines of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin and the Infallibility of the Pope were the Ayork of recent years. It was evident from the words of Scripture that the faith would -be assaulted, that additions Avould be made ; there fore they were warned to reject these un- ; authorised additions. They were bid look for rio'seeond edition of the Gospel.. Here. was a summary of the. leading truths of the blessed 'Scriptures : That all men are dead in trespasses and. sins : that there is only one way of sal vation : that faith in tho Lord Jesus Christ is that one way ; that God through Christ alone can forgive sins ; that the sinner is invited personally to go to Christ ; that it is a believer's privilege to know his sins are forgiven ; that good works are indispensable, but they are the fruit of faith, not the cause of our justification ; that ministers of the Gospel are not sacrificial priests, but ambassadors sent to declare the terms on which men can be saved ; that in the holy sacrament of the Lord's Supper there is ho change by the act of consecration in the"- ele ments of bread and wine ; that there is only one Mediator beirween God and Man— one Advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ. They could not believe in tradition — in purgatory, in the intercession of the Virgin ; it . was dis honouring to the cause of Christ, — an insult to the God of Heaven. " Stand fast in the faith- contend earnestly." This could be done by association. The Avay to Avin.in any conflict was to put shoulder to shoulder. He desired to be guided by the spirit of charity. He had lived nearly fifty years in this world, and he challen ged anyone to say that he ever did an injury to a Roman Catholic. He had had them in his employment, and he defied anyone to say in all the relationships of life that he had not acted to them in the spirit dictated by the geniuB of Christianity. He Avould yield them freely all the liberty he claimed in regard to the Public Schools. They had the same right as we have. The laws knew ' neither Catholio nor Protestant ; but at the same time he loved the country from which he sprang ; he gloried in the history of his Fatherland ; he - vene rated the constitution which ensured his freedom ; ho prized the remembrance of her sires, and was devoted to the Queen upon the ancient throne of Britain. He was not of those who insult her memory and refuse to acknowledge her right to reign; and because there were those who hated the Protestant succession, and would seek to overturn it, therefore he was not ashamed to own that he was an Orangeman, and he prayed to God that every ohild God had given him might follow in the same path. There were some people who imagined that the principle of Orangeism was one of bitter enmity t'o Roman Catholics. This he indignantly denied. He had read attentively the rules by which Orangemen were guided, and he did not find any unkind word in any of their writings or rules against Roman Catholics. Far from it ; it was a constitution of brother hood, sworn to defend the Protestant succession ; a band of men — a Holy League—determined at every cost — even the cost of life — to stand fast in the faith, battling for the freedom and truth of God. They had rendered good service in the : - past ; they were a tower of strength in the world to-day, and that aspirants to political fame would learn before the next election. But he said to those who belonged to this grand and conservative organization — never disgrace the cause you havo espoused by intemperate lang- ' uage against Roman Catholics— as men ; give' their principles no quarter ; do not glory in the : fact that your ancestors triumphed by the foroe ' of arms, but glory in the fact that the truths with Ayhich you are identified are God's truths, and that you, knowing this from personal': realization of the blessings conferred, Avill - " quit you like men and stand fast in the faith." -. It Avas not a question of establishment or dis establishment — not one of forms and ceremonies. In the. battle it was tho multiplied devicespf a persecuting Hierarchy against the Word of God. The pastoral against the Public Shools of tho country ; the charging upon them immorality, godlessness, and infidelity ; the refusal to consign a respected citizen to the grave because he would not yield to the demands of the Church as regarded the training of his child was only the beginning of the battle ; it was only the 'flinging down of tho gauntlet. The Church of England had been weakened by her dallying and coquetting with Rome. ; , He believed . the manifesto would' never have .been published- had not the Synod of the Church of England wisely taken up. the question of, teach ing religion in Public Schools. The crisis had ' now come, and he trusted that the Church of England would no longer be a foil in the hands of the Church of Rome. They had too long \ embarrassed tho hands of Statesmen by their half-heartedness and time- serving. The die was cast. Men must take sides. The encroachments of Rome must be met. They must " stand fast " in the faith." It would be a hard struggle, but. the weapons of their warfare should be spiritual. They must not degrade their cause by personal ities — moral suasion should' be the power wielded. The death-knell of Denominationalism had been rung. The inevitable must be faced.: For many long years, with money (as his teachers knew) and with his voice, had he battled for Denominational Schools ; but of late he had felt that by disregardng the Public Schools arid neglecting ihem the Church was losing her hold upon the Children of the State; and by" fostering the Denominational system she was Only working in the interests of Rome. He re- -peated: The knell 'of Denominationalism was rung ; the crisis long looked for was come. It ' would be a fight on the platform, in the social cirole ; the waves would beat loud and furious 'around the ballot box. There should be no un certain sound. : Ecclesiastical penalties were threatened ; the sword of the Church was un sheathed ; the blood-red hand was raised — that Hand';' strong as of old ; the spirit, unrelent ing as of old, had been evoked. Hear it, ye Catholic people ! Ponder over it, ye Protest ants ! You who send your children to convent schools bear this in mind — that no parents can -have'. the sacraments if he persists in sending his - children to a Public School. It was true .- ithat-th'ousands of Catholic parents preferred the i a Public Schools, and told the teachers when taking their children away that they would like to, keep them there, but they would be damned if their children learned the multiplication table with: the Protestant children over the way. If-- Roman Catholic parents Avould be damned for sending their parents to a Public School, would Roman Catholic teachers who teaoh in these Godless, immoral schools, and who are really the chief factors of this immorality — would their souls be in peril? And what about the Inspectors, who inspected these godless, immoral schools, these schools which made children "irreverent and unruly" — surely these in spectors would lose their chance of heaven. Would they continue in a service demoralising arid soul-destroying simply for pay ? And what .about the Catholic builders who erect these godless edifices? What about them? Would they be cursed as they had been in Rome ? Why, next the shoemaker who supplied boots to the children attending these godless schools, and the. . butcher who supplied them with meat would all ' , be included in the category. How profuse of damnation was this so-calle(l tender-hearted Churoh ! Would it not be better for these people so much in danger of perversion— these "people so immaculate ' that their coming near ; Protestants only tends' to their defilement— to : ' . live apart altogether than to have interchange in the daily affairs of life. Ho wondered after this if any Catholic would work for a Protestant lest his money should defile him ; and they might be quite sure that Roman. Catholios Avould not take Protestant money, for the erection of their Churches, lest a blessing should be denied the buildings. The battle had commenced, and they should not let it be said of them in the time of trial that they forgot their duty, that they re fused to man the citadel when the besiegers were were approaching. They could look back upon a glorious ancestry, who, though feAV in number, nevertheless won victories almost superhuman in their character. They could look back upon the fields of suffering where lie there martyred (dead; and where from the thousand witnesses ; came the grand old cry " No surrender from the' fires of Smithfield there were voices which \- should nerve us ; in the flames that clothed our true nobility there was still photographed the memory of their enduranee : from the Walden- sian "alleys, from the mounds of murdered Huguenots, from many a sacred spot within the country that we love, from lands beyond the sea, there came to us the voices of encourage- ment ; tho wave of their heroism has travelled, and bursts upon our ears in the language of in spiration — " Watch ye ; stand fast in the faith ' quit you like men; be strong." When they 'were told of the toleration of the Papacy — when they heard the Goddess Liberty invoked, let their minds summon from their sleeping places the martyred dead, and let them appeal to them and they would find argument in their sufferings and counsel in their utterances. Away with timorous expediency ! away with half-hearted- ness ! Quit you like men ! be up and doing ! Watch ye ! When the Spanish Armada encom passed our land, and when the eagle of the Papacy uttered the piercing cry as he came down longing for the foast of blood, God fought upon our side. Should they be recreant to the faith ? The weapons of their warfare are not carnal. They still contended for principles — the holiest and the purest. Lot them never forget Governor Walker, the Prentice boys of Gerry, and the sufferings of that siege. "The noble host," says a classic writer, "have all passed away. Not one, it seemed, of their direct descendants remains to tell the tale of his ancestor's doings. But the British Constitution, with its birth right of liberty and justice for which they con tended, had not passed away ; nor had those civil and religious principles died out which their sincerity upheld. These are the evidences of their work, the true memorial of their lives, and as long as our national privileges have vitality, the influence and power of their deeds will be felt. Though dead, their voices yet speak throughout the length and breadth of the land." What now was their duty? To Btand fast. Blessed is the position of our Fatherland, that venerated home of freedom ! that asylum of the outraged and oppressed! She sits en throned as God's ambassadress ; in one hand she holds the scales of justice, in the other the torch of truth ! and over the dark places of the earth Bhe throws her light — a light that brings with it a thousand blessings. In her paths are joy unspeakable. Shall we not strive to; i maintain her glory ? Give up the faith; recede before the enemy, and what : did they relehquish ?— all the glory of their ancient name : the freedom of their children ; the heritage won by toil and blood and : suffering. Bound up within the confines of the faith they loved were hopes the brightest, joys the most imperishable. Would they not contend and quit them like men 1 : Were not souls precious for whom Christ died? Their glorious fore fathers quitted themselves like men ; for this they braved the stake, and would not how down before the image. Nebuchadnezzar had set up. One gentleman lately had taunted them about the list of perverts' in thoWhitehall Review. He did not know whether that gentleman was present, but he would say to. him — so much the worse for the perverts. How was the Church of Borne faring in Catholic countries ? Look at Belgium, a purely ' Catholic country. There were no godless, immoral public schools, no grammar Bchools where infidelity is sown broad- oast, and yet the people of Belgium are sick of priestly dominancy in the matter of education. What did the latest telegram say? "The Education Bill introduced by the Belgium Government ha3 enraged the Catholics. Threats to murder King Leopold continue." Turn to France, and there, where there are no godless immoral public schools, the Government have by a large majority, passed a Bill to take education out of the hands of the priests. Turn to Italy, the home of the Papacy, whore they have had unlimited control. On account of the iniquities in connection with the marriage question, the Government have decreed that the civil marriage shall come before the eccleias- tical marriage. Wero these things not signi ficant ? Ponder this you who talk of perverts ! Our duty then is to resist denominational education from any and from every quarter. Let there be one system, and one only, for all classes. Our population is too mixed for a grant in aid to all sects. Let in the schools every facility be given for special religious instruction by religious teachers or persons authorised. Let no books be used offensive to any class of the community. Let this be done in all fairness, but lot those who have signed the famous Pastoral be told "thus far shalt thou go, and no further." Our duty is to demand from every candidate for a place in Parliament a clear utterance on this matter. Let Catholics have the same justice dealt out to them as Protestants, bat let the state only supply a secular education, and let the rest be left to the churches. Let us not lightly esteem the statesman whose name is identified with the Public Schools Bill of New South Wales. In what spirit should they contend ? First get the faith in their own hearts ; refuse to countenance anything bearing the likeness of the evil they would shun ; protest and contend with earnestness ; give not to the support of it ; avoid Bitualism, which was the same in spirit ; enter into no church where they were over talking about the Son of Mary, walking near the edge of the precipice. They did not want Bitualism here, and the men of Australia should send it back to its own place. Candles and incense, the confessional and the mass, were not in the faith once delivered to the saints ; and they should cling to the simplicity of the apostles, the simplcity of .the Beformation. The principles of their faith had triumphed in former days in the struggle with Borne, but the battle was not over. It was still the Battle of the Book. The same spirit was abroad ; the same enemies confronted them ; but blessed be God, there were yet faithful souls in the army of the Lord. Let them strive by a life of love to shew that they were in the right ; let them strive to set a good example ; but at the same time let them never forget that, bound up with every hope of liberty was the Protestant succession. This they must never yield, for it had ensured to them a liberty the evidence of which was seen in their being able to build the church in which they were worshipping — that liberty which had developed the intellect and formed the national character. As custodians of a charter where every line was freedom let them defend it and hand down the jewel to their children. Let them not by a timorous expediency forfeit the prize which cost the best blood England, Ireland and Scot land had ever shed. God speed the day when the shamrock, rose and thistle should blend in one, and when in Tara's renovated halls the harp once again should sound to the melodies of that faith which was " once delivered to the saint." They should earnestly contend for the faith, not simply ooldly assenting to its truth, but vividly realising its claims — contending bwith the warm energy of redeemed souls ; con tending like St. Paul, Luther, John JKnox, Huss, Latimer, Bidley, Wesley, Martin and Patterson in the spirit of earnest love ; taking for their example the Saviour of men, who had prayed with His expiring breath for His enemies. They had to contend with a system which heaped further degradation upon that Saviour's head ; which elevated a woman to His place of sovereignty ; which stole from Him the great prerogative which he had pur chased with His blood, and which exalted poor, fallible, sinful men to be the dispensers of the pardon which He alone had power to bestow ; which pretended to bestow upon ignorant, erring men the very keys of death and hell. Men contend for political power, availing themselves of every argument that could > be used, leaving no stone unturned. We praise these men for their activity, and in the face of interests so overwhelming, shall not we — with the truth of Jesus ever present to our minds — shall not we contend ? It was not for some idle, temporary triumph they contended. Eternal interests were at stake. The love of country, the love of souls — all urged them to contend. Their fatherland had played a noble part in history for the last three hundred years : she had girded herself with the Word of God and flung from her the garment of her former weakness ; she had been the arbitress of the world's destiny ; her power had been felt and her justice acknowledged, so that now the Protestant Queen of Britain swayed the mild sceptre of her righteous Government in every quarter of the globe. We owed it to that. Pro testantism which had nerved her for endurance and exalted her to that throne of honour which she nobly fills. Do you ask me (said the preacher) the secret of our country's greatness ? It is faithfulness , to the Word of God. Will you not then earnestly contend for this glorious faith ? Allow no additions to the pure gospel ; cast away all lying and deceitful vanities ; despise a compromise with error ; wrestle with holy .boldness -for- the truth of God ; let there be seen' in your daily life, the grand embodiment of the truths you teach — "let no bitterness or clamour or evil speaking be once named among you." You are the inheritors of a glorious legacy. It is., marked by the blood of thou sands of heroic witnesses. The enomy . is .still active. The forces of priest-craft are gathering strength for tho coming struggle. Gird you with the holy weapons bright from the armoury of truth ! Go forth and contend, with loving ' hearts yet dauntless spirits, for the truth of Jesus ; trusting to the merit of the one great sacrifice and owning no priest but Jesus. "Fight the good fight of faith." Onward, Christian Soldiers ! Above you, unseen, is the Angel of tho Covenant ; around you the innumerable company of blessed witnesses ; be fore you is the city of the new Jerusalem, emerging above the mists of earth. There is the throne of David ; there the crownB of gold and tho song of triumph ; there the victor's rest 1 Again wo urge you to battle. As the minister of Jesus let me entieat you to be sure about your own souls. Be not like Noah's carpenters, who though building the ark were unsaved them selves. Seek earnestly your own salvation. Fight against sin. Oh, look to-night to Jesus, the blessed Jesus, who says to all, " Come unto Me !" Let there be a holy consecration. Let this church witness heaven registering aon3 to night. May observant angels utter, " Behold he prayeth !" May the Holy Ghost descend and seal you His for ever ! If it should be asked, Will you decide for Christ ? let tho answer bo, We will ! Let us grasp the banner of our faith and march to future victories ; and in the struggle with the world, with the votaries of error, with the temptations of our own hearts may we utter. " No surrender !" — Bathurst Free Press. 