ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN AT BALMAIN. . (From tlia Herald, 10th.). TllK ceremony of laying tho foumhition atone in AVes ton-street, Weat Dalmain, waa performed yesterday afternoon hy his Grace Archbishop Vaughan, in the presence of over 1000 persons. The new school is intended to supply au educational wmit long felt among tho Catholic residents of thu district, Tho building will mensuro 100 feet in length, and 2(1 feet in width, mid will bo capable of accommodating H00 children. Archbishop Vaughan, prior to laying tho founda- tion stone, mid fessed the gathering as follows :-It wns only tho other day that I lind the gratification of laying tho foundation stone of u school nt Korest Lodge-whore, in a few inimités, six hundred pounds were subscribed-before the omi of this month 1 shall be doing thu smuo for tho great schools nt Darling- hurst, mid now I mn here, in thu midst of our Catho- lic working men, inst about to perform the same cere- mony for rather Dillon ; mid 1 suppose, to any some few words upon tho nll-ahaorliiiig topic of Catholic education. And lust of nil I must express to you my unfeigned delight nt being in the midst of you this evening. 1 look upon you, thu Catholic working-men of thia district, with eyes and feelings of especial sym- pathy lind admiration.Hut what have you, thu people of Dalmain, done that you should hu nuiidjercd amongst thosu who have proved themselves worthy of thia pi ainu ; Let mu say wdiat you havu doue for tho saku of those who may not know. I wdl tako thu whole district served by Father Dillon. First, take Dalmain proper. There you havo a con- vent, to begin with, which, in round numbers, will havo cost £11000, and I um told that iinprovcmciitsaud internal Uttings and arrangements havo entailed an- other il KKK). Oneil this thc debt has been reduced to X1.1U0. Father Dillon puts down thc schools connected with tho Church at Ul.'100. Hut my main point is this-for 1 want my audience to know what these nooplc havu done to inaku mu praise them-that thu labouring men and the citizens and thushipearpeuters have dune what thousands dill before them in the Ages of Faith,-they have given tho work of their hands and thu sweat of their brow to the scrvico of tho Church. Thu church, for ono reason and another, had fallon into great disrepair. Thc schools had be- come too small. What did these people do! For fifteen months they worked double tides-that is, after thu toil and drudge of their dully work was over, instead of enjoying during tho rest of tho evening their well-carncil repose, they set to work again on thc church and on thu schools, and began their labour of love, lu tho summer time tliuy left uinnliour nt 4 p.m., nuil then sut to working for thu schools unit tho Chinch till close of night. In winter they wore not deterred, oven hy darkness, for I nm told they laboured by lamplight ut this great und glorious work for (¡od. 1 say thosu hands and anus will bu blessed, those wearied feet will "walk in ways of peace," for our Lord must love such men as these, who thus »pend themselves in His survlco. Knthcr Dillon tells mo that hu values thu labours of these men at .C100. What havu thone men given mu ? A glorioiiscMiioplu of Christian workmen, working after working hours, mid deep into thc night, for thc Church of their fathers. Lot us now coiuu nearer home still. Look at thu ground beneath your feet ; look at this large property where we are assembled. How came ¡tinto our possession '! I say wu owe it to thu Catholic working men. Thcsu gentlemen- -and they arc thu true gentlemen of thu land in its highest benne-theou gentlemen formed a conmiittco ami bought thu laud, und petitioned mc to send thu .Sinters of thu (iood Sa- maritan to teach in thu schools tiley had erected. Two ol'these! gentlemen held thc laud till the appoint- ment of leather ! lihou, and then they made it uvcr to tho Church. Thu school itself cost .C7U0, and i'.'lOO llave lieeii spent in furniture and appliances. Tho laud is valued ut .CSUO, making a total of Cl SI IO, with a, deht reuiaiuiiig of C.'iliO. ' In imo word, taking thc two centres of lillicur, thu Convent costing C7"i(J(l, the schools of St. Augustine CWtOO, and those of St. Joseph JJ I SOU, we limy say safely that over C10,000 luivu lieeii silent in the advancement of morality and religion in the district. And this money luis, ut least in part, hedi collected, 1 think 1 limy say in great part, hy thu weekly subscriptions of the poorer classes who, together with their religion, have brought into this country that splendid generosity whieli IH espec- ial to thc Irish people. I think, Indies ami gentle- men, that 1 hnve now satisfied my imaginary York- shire friend ; und 1 believe that even he would he con- strained to admit that I have very good lemon, indeed, for praising thc Cat hoi ie workmen of llalmaiii. And now if they let mu 1 will tell ii bitnf my uiiiul tu all honest, libcrul-iuiuded men with regard tn those great events which are casting their dark and gloomy shadows before. They say in ii country that when il storm is coming of unusual violence, thu animals be- come unusually ipiict in thc Mehls, mid there seems to bo li hush in nature, till suddenly thc cataracts of heaven «pen, mid the thuudCV bellows as thc forked lightning flashes nu every side, and shiveisaud chars, nnd turns into a black wreck the noblest tree of tho forest. Tlionuh thinus cannot well bc us had as this. J will not conceal fruin you or from myself tliat tlioro aro signs in thu heavens nf that which nf all things ulso in a free country is likely to pruiliicusneh a storm a« no bishop or priest woulil ¡ic utile to avert. I refer to thc spirit of tyranny anil persecution that seems as if it was about to he unchained. Am I not au Eng- lishman standing here before thc children of thc Irish nico'/ llave I not MUCO the very lirst day 1 lauded here, now well nigh six years ago, held out the hand of brotherhood to all of you. Anil did I not tell you that our sympathies were welded to- gether by bonds nf ancient MiU'eriug, ami that thu thought of what your people went through on one side of thu channel, joined to tho thought vt' tho per- secutions sulfured by my own on thu other-did 1 not say that this bound mc to you with au uncoiumerablu sympathy, strong as charity, which is more powerful than death ? And have I not, during these six years that 1 have been your spokesman and your friend, proved to you that those winds were not vain words, out that they were tho expression of a hidden energy that has spent itself and will spend itself to thu end ill your service! And did wc not congratulate ono with another that wu had found a home in a bright ami sunny land, where " nor sorrow nor crying should bu any moro ;" and did wu not think that though tho past weru painful, still wu had put 10,000 niilesof sen ;>otweett ourselves una thc «cenen of undent Mullering .uni degradation? Yes, we did. But ala«, have wu ..nt liecu too sanguine in our anticipations? What . lid we nullor ns slaves and helots for ut hollie J Ile ciiuac wc iircfcncd torture and death to acting against our conscience, alni to ho butchered mid cnibcllowed rather than allow thoso for whom wc were respon- sible to he tampered with in their faith. Wc hoped that wo hud escaped from nil forms of tyranny und pci'sccution hy coming so fur away-where wc were told that nil were eipial, and nil were free. I hoped that hy my kindness to you, mid hy standing up for you, and defending you, amt showing sympathy and love to you, that I should in some way make up for all you had undergone ut the hands of my own countrymen i and 1 did hope that they out here would only he too glad to join mu and treat you with exceptional tenderness, especially with regard tn your religion und your children, with the thought lu their minds-with thc burning consciousness of all the cruel, monstrous wrongs that they hud inflicted on you in the past. But all this seems to he ii vain illusion-ii dreuiii from which wc arc to he moused hy about the most ingeniously devised piece of scielitiiic persecu- tion that has been invented ill modern times. Thc end of thu more brutal form of persecution, and of the moru cultivated is one-it is tu destroy nur holy religion. I believe the scientific method is moro etlcctive, mid I believe inore odious, tlinu the moro expeditious way, ut tearing out thu heart uml bow els of n living itinl grown man. lluro thu plan ix to strike at little children- nt thu helpless littlo children of thu Catholic poor. Do you know that in thu tlnys of trial they hail a special instrument for squeezing tho life ami blood out of those Catholics who declined to deny their (lod ? lt wa« a kind of press, with a Hcruw at thc top. Thc Catholic mau or woman was shoved into this press, just large enough to hold ono; thu ton WUH forced down with thc screw until it touched thc head and back of thc victim. Then thc real operation begun. Hy a slow, almost impercep- tible, process, thu top waa continually pushed further and further down till thu victim Hist jost breath, then thu frame gradually gave way, and thu whole body collapsed into a mangled bleeding mass, 'fl i in was culled "Thu Scavenger's Danghtor." Now tho modern Scavenger's Daughter is of a dillcrcnt construction. Tho Archbishop and Iiishops havu told you that tho secularist system and schools founded on Hint system, solar ns Catholics aro concerned, aro "secdplots of future infidelity, immorality, and lawlessness," for ¿hoy tend towards destroying tho fulness of your Cnthulio faith, and hence of your Catholic morality and reverence, and 1 am glad to see that the news- papers have booti fixing that condemnation indelibly on your minds by their continued and opportune quotation of tho words of tho Joint Pastoral, Well, using my privato judgment in tho choice of an expres- sion, I would call thoso schools "Scavengers' daughters," becnuso they aro thu must effective in strumouts inveutcil by mun fnr . squeezing very gradually and almost imperceptibly tho Catholic faith out of a Catholic people. I have said this before in other words ; tho Bishops have spoken with me ; tho world knows what our teaching ¡B ; it has been printed and roprintod in every nowspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established that Catho- lics cannot in conscience sand their children to non Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has bean in all tho newspapers, that we object to sending clergymen to tho Public schools, whether with, class rooms or without, to join tho jar of tongues and the contradiction of creeds which is abhorrent from all our instincts of reverence and religion. We have mest carefully, aud think I may any boldly, apokon out ns was our bounden duty, knowing as we did that a chango was about to be made in tho Education Act unfavourable to our views. What bus been tho result t First of all, a hurricauo of abuso and endless insult cast upon what is dearer to us than life itself, on our holy religion. As to thoso who havo abused and insulted mo personally, tho worst wish I harbour in their regard is that they may havo tho grace to be- come Catholics before they die. Well, during tho downpour, I endeavoured calmly aud clearly tu state our case. One thing, I believe all will admit-that our cuso has boon stated clearly, and is perfectly in telligiblo. Next Parliament meets. Tile outlines of tile now eilucutiou sclictne uro laid boforo tho colony, What aro its provisions Ï What is its drift ? There is ono thine ¡ti its drift that 1 admire, and that is that it evidently attempts to meet the requirements of somo largo sections of tho community. It not only implies a knowlcdgo of their existence, but also [lillis at uusworing somo of their wants. The Church of Euglaud will havo groater facilities for religious instruction ; tho Nonconformists will have, it seems, all they want, so far as they uro concerned ¡ the Leugne will have severul concessions, partial com- pulsion, if not entire, and au approach to fiecdam from foes. I admire any attempt at meeting tho wishes of largo classes. I am only too pleased when I sea my follow colonists rejoicing in ii method of education which gives them, ns fathers and niothors, penco mid happiness whou they think of their children. 1 would bo among the first to interfere, the li ist tu speak out were tlioy tyrannized over, or wera their conscientious convictions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. So far the promise of tho now hill solicits my respect. Hut this very quality which 1 admiro as bearing upon Protestants, heightens my sonso of grief ami indignation when I rollout that Catholics exclusively are, in a studied move, ninia. rattly ignored,-whilst in reality they aro trampled on. Workingmen of Balmain, 1 nm addressing my- self to yon. Von love your religion helter than your life, if 1 may judge from tho past. You would rnthor die than jeopardise the future Catholic prospects of your children. Your Church und your Bishops pro- claim what your consciences and your instincts tell you is the simple truth-that you may not send your children tn Public schools, 'iou arc poor, working, honest, labouring men, getting your :)Ô3 n week, trying to provide little homos for yourselves, and to bring up your children as good and respcctablo ns you aro yourselves, lu you 1 am addressing all thc labouring Catholics in tho colony. Wo Catholics represent some one-third-some say moro some loss of tho population. Tho now hill treats tuudcrly all tho other sections. How does it treat you Î Con yon with tho wildest strolch of imagination, and Irishmen ure not deficient in that, can you in your wildost moments imagine a singlo point in that hill which shows that you havo been thought of with kind- ness and sympathy ? Have you nut tho painful con- sciousness that so far ns this new scheme is concerned your case has been ignored, whilst all others have been tlioucht of ? Show mu ono silicio nnint where thuro is a sign, or shadow or ghost of a'slindou'of n sign tlint ros j loot has boen felt for thu cuuscicntinus conviutions of one-third of tho imputation, of thn groat Catholic interest in this colony. Thought of ! Yes, yon havo boen thought nf, you have not boen ignored, lt would seem to some that you havo been uticcnsiugly before tho eyes of those who framed this bill, that they might not, even by some inadver- tent bhuidur tluow you some miscrnblo shred of justice. And they havo not kept you in viow in vain. Whilst socminglv ignoring you, they havo, knowingly or unknowingly, inventod an instrument nf seinntillu persecution exquisite in its perfection for carrying out its ends. It combines insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignoro your existence tramples your most cherished aspirations uudur foot. Working men uf lliiluiaiii, let mo explain myself. You have tn live on hard-eui'iicd wages, and you know tho worth of .-niall sums of money, and cnn only with thrift and care keep tho wolf from thu door. What docs tho new hill do for you, for thu thousands of tho Catholiu poor? Docs it sympathise with your povorty, and encourage your sturdy lilith, and soothe your hard lifo by giving your children a chanco of being instruc- ted ill secular knowledge, and being brought up tho- rough Catholics! 1 will tell you ina few words what it does for yon, If it could Bpenk it would say-though its framers may not mean it-it would say ¡-" I am ii mullel II monstrosity so contrived ns tn Hatter ¡ill sec- tions cf tho community except tho Kornau Catholic. These miserable creatures must ho got rill of somehow, hut tirst of nil they must bo kicked and insulted. My predecessor, born in lSü'b', was a fnir specimen nf per- secution for thnt day, hut we uro older now, and hnve advanced further into light. That bill forced the thou- sands of thu Catholic poor, and the rich too, to pay for tho education of other people's children, in schools they could not usu themselves, lint I um un improve- ment on that. L um going tu build great Uruimnar schools for boys, und thu Catholics shall pay ci|iially with thoso who uso them for thoso nlso. Palaces for girls shall niuo he established, where girls shall learn to bc discontented possibly with their hollie and with their lot. Catholics, though they cannot usc these, slinll [my for them, too, as if they did. Then I mean, moreover, to multiply thc schools they cannot uso mid reduce the fees, and Catholics shall hear their burden here as well. To this 1 mean to mid about tho most exquisite insult possible, thnt is to liuvo each I'uhlic school, having sn ninny children, furnished with a class-ioom which Catholics cannot use. In this class- room lill thc curious dcmmiiiiutions whose very exist- ence is a protest against tho Catholic religion, shall teach their various creeds, and ns n necessary conse- quence condemn thu faith of Catholics, so that Catho- lics will bo tinville: for tho vcrv bnildiuus in which. day niter <lny, .nul hour after hour, their religion in, or may ho denounced in torin» well-known to nil ! To thia insult, perfect in its kind, 1 nm going to mid an injury cipinlty perfect in its nature. Having ignored every singlo just demand, having uuidu tho Catholics pay, ns has been described, 1 then carry tho wnr into thu oneinius'Jcauip, They still have Denominational schools, they love them, thoy nro proud of them, they erected them at great expense-these I mean to knock un thu head. For,since Catholics are tho poorest section of thocummunity.nnd sincu their small moans aro forced from them to pay for tho éducation of other people's children, how will they bo nblo, poor ns they arc, to pay, as it were, out of both pockets at onco, to educate their own ns well ns those of others T How cnn thoy keep paco with tho reduction of foes? Thoy may strugglo for a timo like llsh in a not, but wo will tnko them out of their ' hath of supernatural light,' and if thoy du not becomo infidels or ranters, thoy will he come nondescripts-and anything, oven a blackfellow, is hotter than a Papist." Such is tho language that thu now bill, so far ns I know anything of it, speaks to me. I do not lucan to insinuate that all this was intended ; possibly, such a picture aa I havu painted ilid not consciously cuter tho intentions of legislation. I nm simply speaking of fncts, which aro limit things. That is thu language of tho hill, to any intelligent mau who has cars to hear, and to ovary iutclliueut Cut liuüc who lina n soul nuil ii licnrt beating in Iii» boily. lt ia n moilun! monatruaity of cruelty anil tyranny, an far na we nro concerned ; mid I buliuvo every Inir-iuiiidcd man in thc community will sympa- thise with UB, assist us to preacrvo our freedom of con- science, mid to obtain our just mid self-evident rights. Why should wo nlone be ignored 1 Why should our cry not ho heard ? Why should Catholics, mid only Catholics, bo trampled on, mid insulted in tho wny that I have described 1 Wu do not stand in tho wny of others i wo rojoico when they nrc bnppy ¡ when they cnn feel thnt their children nro doing well, it is n trna pleasure to lia. What pleasure or hnppiiioas ia there in seeing us and mid broken, likoalnvcs mid serfs, who have uo friends, mid nro na outcasts of thu people? What pleasure, in thia nineteenth century, is there in producing an grnvu nu irritation, ac galling n wound, ns will be produced if thnt hill becomes law " 1 can- not hclicvu it. 1 will nut believe thnt the majority, tho sound portion of thu community, will stand by silently mid nut support ua in our juat struggle for liberty mid fair play, You working men of Iiabiiain, you Catholics of thia colony to whom my video or my words will reach, he true to yourselves in thia croat crisis. Your religion, tho mic dearest thing in life, ia at stake. If your children are not brought up in thorough Catholic schools thoy cannot become thorough Catholic men ; mid a Catholic who is not thorough in lila faith is generally the father of a lino of I iudiffereutists and apostates. And you, my own Kugliah countrymen, who lovo fnlr-plny and a just measure, why uot join tue in your own way in seeing justice dune* Ono of you lins already sent his generous subscription of £5, and a most kind letter to Father Dillon. I.seein to seo many of yon round mo, if I mistake not., Let mo onlist your sympathy in behalf of a righteous cause Your hearts are true and stout, I know ; and you cannot stand by and not join tho wcakor side in supporting its just rights ngaiust what will ba, as you know, n terrible tryranny and oppression, As for myself it is my vocation, and my most solemn duty to defend and preter va tho faith of my people. In inc it would bo no heroism to lay down my life in its defence, or to spill my blood out of love for my Hock, That is my profession, as a soldier's is to go to war and to risk his lifo for his Quoon and country. Let not tho world think that tho Cutholio faith cnn bo blotted out by any instrument however modern and subtle in its oporntion. It has lived 1S00 years and moro, and it will abide to the very end. It is my part, during my short Bpan, to protect it ; and I hopo, by God's graco, to spond ray life and strength and such little talent as I may possess in its defence. Remember, Union is strength, and Perseverance alono is crowned. Lot us unite, let us porsovcro, and in tho end wo shall bo placed on nu equality with our fellow-colonists, mid bo suffered to bring up Catholic children thorough Catholics without being deprived for doing so of our just help for seculnr instruction. Wo are strong in numbers, our cause is u righteous one ; mid let us usu every legitimate means for bringing it to n victorious issue. His Grace was frequently heartily cheered during tho course of his address, and when bo concluded throo ringing cheors were given in his favour. Mr. O'CoNXOit, M.L.A., followed, and oxprcsscd tho belief that there was a very dark timo coining in this colony, iu which there would ba a great struggle, lint between Catholicism and l'rotestnnism, but be- tween Christianity mid Infidelity. With regard to tho educational mensuro referred to by Archbishop Vaughan, it should ho remembered that it had not yet passed tho Legislature, but had merely been con- ceived by ono whoso ingenuity was only equalled by his hatred of Catholicism. There were, however, Protestants in tho Legislative Assembly who were a credit to humanity, mid who would not lend their sanction to this tyrannical measure, mid ho had no doubt that tho Catholics would triumph iu tho end, as they deserved to do. (Cheers). Tho Bishop of AII.MIDAI.I: also delivered a sher: ad- dress, in tho course of which ho characterised the now Educational Bill as au unjust measure in its effect upon tho Catholic portion of tho community and trusted thnt tho Legislature would yet seo tho justico of permitting tho Catholics to exorcise their freedom tn tho full. Tho ceremony of laying nml blessing thc foundation stone was then performed by the Archbishop. During the proceedings contributions were solicited in aid of tho building fund with such success that £400 7s. Cd. was obtained, principally in sums of £2 ami under. 