NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:-D’Arcy’s Read’s. “Ghost” entertainment, at the Alfred-hall; The Gem troupe, at the Mechanics’ Institute; meeting of Water Com mission. A little orphan girinathedWelah, aged seven years,' died very suddenly On , Thursday morning, whilstin (her class of St.' Afijnm’ RC. school, Victoria street. She fell down in wliat 'waa ' taken' to be a fainting fit by the teacher, .who had her conveyed to a. neighbor* ing hbdae, but on the arrival of Dra Usher and King, whose services had been sought, they found, that the child.was dead. -At a. : inagiaterial enquiry held in the afternoon,, the medical evidence showed that disease of the.heart had been the cause of death, that organ having most probably beeh'excited by the child’s fear lest she should,not.pass some examination which was to come off shortly. The deceased was boafding-out -from ad industrial • school with a Miss Byrne, living in East street, and a malicious rumor'having been started that the (child : was 'half- starved, we are pleased to state that 1 the medical gentlemen.who saw the body found it to be well nourished andjclean. By the courtesy of Mr'Cameron, foreman of works to the Water, Commission,'' we are' able to give the following statement as to the reservoirs:-—“l9th June, -1879—Stream coming into Beale’s, 2,153,088 - gallons per-twenty-four hours, besides several little streams from', the tableland surrounding the same, 310,000 per"' twenty-four ."hours; supply 'running into Pincott’s from T 'its own watershed, 350,000 gallons per twenty-four hours ; : r 'stream ~ run ning into Kirk’s by way of Giles’ Creek, 240,000 gallons per twenty-four, hours; total from all sources approximately, 3(083,088 gallons, per twenty four hours. The depths of water .ih the dams are'as follows:—Beale’s, 9 feet 4 inches; ; Bark’s, 20 feet 3 inches; Gong’Gong, 32 feet.l inch." The,depth of water in-Fincott’s was not measured, but there is a good supply there, and'the water in all the dams ■is -now rising. - •'. - .=" i. .. Some persons have,"curious ideas of what constitutes the success of the embassy.; ...Mr Blackett, a candidate . for Fitzroy, said on Wednesday—“ Of one thing he ; was assured, viz.,.that Mr Berry’s 'mission had been more successful than most ■ people imagined, for he had obtained a clear expression- of opinion , from .Sir Michael Hicks-Beach that ‘-tacks ’were illegal." Mr i Blackett must have been’poking fun at his 'audience; 1 However, his statement,.was applauded. ■*’ ' ■ “A Parent,” writing from' Gordon,-’ desires’ to call the attention of the Board of ’Advice for South Bal lanshire to the neglect .of. a teacher ef one of the schools ’ in that locality, who, it .'is alleged, leaves bis school for days' together." Our correspondent should, lay bis complaint before the board directly, and it will, - doubtless, meet with'attention. Adam Yates, the miner' who was injured in a claim, near Smythesdale on Monday, ((died, (as was' antici pated, early on Thursday morning, having been removed from the Hospital to -Hager's hotel,ger’s hotel, 1 Doveton street, on Wednesday night. A magisterial enquiry into the circumstances of his death was held on the same day by Mr D Ham, at the City Police Court, when the evidence of Dr Owen showed that deceased had died of acute gangrene, consequent upon a compound comminuted-fracture of the tibia.' He was only thirty years of age, and a native of Geelong, and leaves a wife and several children. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“lt is a strange coincidence, yet true, that Adam Yates, th e young man who died on. Thursday morning from in juries received in the Little Wonder claim, Smythes dale, is the second huaband of Mrs Yates, who has been.killed owing to accidents in mining claims. The first lost his life in shallow ground, not. very far from, where the second received fatal injuries; and both husbands were members of the Smythesdale lodge, of Oddfellows (M.U.). On Monday.morning the deceased Yates forwarded his subscriptions to the Smythesdale lodge, and the accident occurred at half-past 3 p.m. the same day; The monthly meeting of the lodge took place on Wednesday evening, when the subscription was duly received, which entitles the widow to £2O at his death, besides other expenses, thus showing the advan tage derivable from being connected with one or more of the friendly societies. The Goverment Inspector of Mines, Mr'C. Stewart, visited the claim a few days ago, but where there were a few co- operative men.at. work, where all were masters, and as .they were only just opening out, the question arises of what utility will be a prosecution, especially as.it was shallow ground, where everything was considered safe. ' tThe following-lettars,-which contain matters'.of no little interest tothe mining community, were .received on-Wednesday by the local secretary of the Sydney Exhibition;—“ Sir, —I' have the honor, by direction of the minerals and mining committee-of the' Melbourne--'lnternational. Exhibition, to en close for your information the following copy- of a communication received from the secretary of the Sydney Exhibition relative >to a new. method of extracting gold from tailings. As the matter is one of .great-interest to the mining community of this colony,- the. . committee would . suggest that as many samples ’bo forwarded - from your district as possible, in-order to afford, a practical demonstra tion of the' value "of the invention.—l have, &c.;, G; C. Levbt, Secretary. The secretary local ; com mittee for International Exhibition, Ballarat." “International Exhibition, 1879, offices, Macquarie street, Sydney, ,„4th June, . 1879. Sir,—l. have the, honor, to/inform you' that 'there' will bo shown,, in operation at-'tha Exhibition, machinery, and a method on a working scale forextracting the precious metals, not only from untreated tailings, but also from : those which have'been treated by the'-ordinary pro cess, and ’-ih-which'a notable percentage of gold or silver has been left.'' There is every reason to believe that the machinery and method referred to will save at least 50 or 60 per cant, of the gold left in tailings, which have gone through the grinding operation of machines such as Wheeler’s or Berdan’s pans, or of arrastras. The process is a cheap one, and does not necessitate the use of smelting or reverberating fur naces, and it ought greatly to increase the production of gold .in Victoria. T t,. by the inventors to aat \ apfc mission, and, through h 5' * forward samples of not i pn7ata Z "St for.rtreatmantlat the l t > »• are .most sought after fv bltlon > Tho.!** been found most diffi^ o ®*^ l ? operations will be conducted m f tract tbs’ ZS' ll > the officers oT the “coS" nder of the tailings will be o' be no charge; but it is nmlf Th^T I*' 1 *' tracted should be retained^., 11 * 1 exhibited machinery. It haa hJ OWQ as different samples , respects different, although "W? bS’ ment, 20 lb of each- mhetW IDe W» treated-tailinga, containing^S’j ‘ r «te4 Si gold, should be forwarded 8 beS analysis-of each may be madoh «al. ■ opens. If these samples are .° M ths EihibiK ’ them.,forwarded.-I P hav e S“ °“ e . I rift? Morhis,' Secretary. The M.P., Treasury, Melbourne "in ‘ P, dltn above,-.the local committee'will wTi^beootil,? forward such samples a, « of the Sydney Exhibition. the anthorit^ , A writer in Triuk ot 17th Anril n haa not yet succeeded in sainm, B?rr. Colonial Office,' and I doubt^Sli? 0 ' 111 S obtain the assent of our Ministry tftb? h ® desires to carry out in the const!?,,»• , re 'olntion hi the inevitable result would TZ? whe F? T « 8 difficulty took phes. nl *S"» or mllr T- b ? P Bt i«oo e rrl th S“ g >‘. He declares he is in reality much l ' than he is supposed to be, which h™« Co ? et?l «ts with a man in office I’Tf’ 1 ’Tf’ Michael-Hicks Beach's despatch proves °! & ‘‘succlaf-^adfmonsJted RfS exhausted his subject, and manner|au cceded in adding considerabl'ot?:^ I ' l tion of his hearers, who, one and all L thei ? toi ®i' selves so pleased at the masterly aS essay was given. ; Ah disci" ’ in which Messrs Lindsay. Chaimere, and took a prominent part. There will L next meeting.' be a debate at : _A carpenter named Alexander Miller, Bsed •^ 9 * e t a , rn b J te>«gram that the Hnoace iw the week (write, our SmytherfaleSSj 8 ? some half dozen dogs, inclusive ofeome vSlt hounds, have been poisoned at Canico M.i lands.. The person who is the poison resides in the locality, and thecoS 7? lndM he f P h“ 0n WM no V lai his osapfih and that he gave no notice thereof. f aoc “ l ■ We understand that Mr Collins, bootmaker street, intends coming forward as a candidate al l next annual election for councillors for EallwtEu*, The, Learnnonth State school, No. 335, m examined on the 16th mat. by Mr Holland in. Jf of State schools in the Ballarat district NineS pupils were presented for examination. The wLZ obtained was 78. Of the number praentedVcm in reading, 89 in writing, 84 in arithmetic. 83 K graphy and- grammar, and 35 girls in neediewoi Eight pupils passed in the fifth and sixth ckia fcf certificates. The inspector reports "that in mat subjects creditable proficiency has'been shown' & oiplme good; general condition of school creditableb staff Mr Simon Morrison and Miss M’lntoah. The committee appointed to make arrangement! let the Hospital ball met at Brophy’a hotel on Thumb; afternoon, there being present Messrs Brophy (chair." man),: Salter, Fitzgerald, A Brown, l)r Nichote, and. the hon. secretary Mr C. J. Barrowe, Thecal; business dona was to affirm, as a matter ot form that a ball should be held, and the committee adjourned .for a week, having decided to ask a number of gnth men'to act. in concert with them. Aireadjapat amount of interest is being taken in the proposal to hold tha ball, and speculation is rife as to whether S will be a plain or a fancy-dress affair. Mr Alfred Mitchell, solicitor, has had the good fortune to be the winner of the £2OO prin in tie. London Art Union; and Mr Valentine (Ehlenud Hibson), has drawn a £l5 prize. Means Ejra Brea, tho agents, have not yet received the full list of tie drawing. We , regret to learn that Mr Thomaa lewis,’th respected post and telegraph master at Beaufort, died at 2 o’clock on Monday morning after a liugimj illness. We are glad to bs able to state, that the Aniinliu and European Bank will re-open on Saturday cut . The Water Commission will meet on Frida; to k:- aider and make order on the following, viz:-(l) re, port of the finance committee; (2) report of tiei public works committee ou Mr!George Smitb’iletto as to young trees in the nurseries on the rumn, b; (3) report of chairman; (4) report of engineeru la. drainage into Lake Wendonree, Ac.; (5) report cf ccllector, Notices of motion.—!. By Commisiota Brophy—“ That the engineer bring up a reportu to the coat necessary to bring a supply of wafer fcontio Moorabobl into Beale’s Reservoir." ■ 1 By Conti sioner Wilson—“ That the following kbMo-V passed by the commissioners on the 27th of SeptemHt and 11th October, 1878, respectively, beioanH i.e .-—‘That water be supplied for quartz crushing ia machinery purposes at the rate of one halfpenny [« 1000 gallons as long as such supply is not reqoirtdH domestic use, and providing that those who laW vantage of the reduced rate shall pay not lest tiu, the average of the past three months io each no every case. When batteries have been sliriiij unworked, and in the event of new erecuosj the minimum amount to be fixed by a eonoitM appointed for that purpose; and that tte coa sinners will not be held responsible or habile lot J inconvenience or loss should it bo found extra supply cannot bo given for want ot lag vice pipes; to take effect on the Ist Nona Contingent on above being carried, that any tion adverse to the same be rescinded. An, -• in accordance with the third clause of the co the resolution carried on the 27th Sep.tem , ' providing for the reduction o£ the pnee o miners for crushing and washing purposes penny per one thousand gallons, be cam , to & on and from the Ist November «xli £ conditions contained in the sai s re T? : n Jtt ©ja tingenfc on tha above being earned, the charge to miners for water for r S tf washing purposes shall be, “heretof per one thousand gallons. 3- J [;I . Robertson—“ That no water, save for jjU poses, be discharged from the maI . DS . liii and Ballarat East Water frfl Wendouree, except when the Goog , bj & dams are at the depth which mS in fiwht* commissioners with a view to prev ■ j jfc, the water is runeing to waste from B“ Ies cott’a reservoirs.” BsifflP! The half-yearly change of chairs o w Lodge No. 12 of the P.AF.S. . hotel, a* 18th insfc, at the lodge- room, b “ D1 “? ? 0 g„R, rt, resulted in the election ol the foHom g Br Butcher. W.M.; Br Cassidy, t*, D.M.; Br Ramsden, secretary; l ir f ßr y rt oj Br Whykes, chap.; Br m Ea!o °l S P w ew oao, Dr Sparling, medical officer; Mr B-N It ,a The balance-sheets were read and P rtf l resolved to hold the ball as usual in September. ; n hercr® lli i. to a spread provided by the .t.niirrrt 11 '^ .MrD. M. Davies, M.L.A., w “ .^ a iij the into his house in Bunmyong, S reel residence of Mr Newman, which he «• Mr Cresswell. . Ba |i ar at forthe*^ Return ot produce recerted at B, & && ending 19th June, 1579, barley, 225; oats. 217; b«n. 3«. tt total, 3712 bags. Ketu ta jjihW warded from Ballarat f° r ,q. 1879: —Potatoes, 3134; M n -10; barley, 113; o ats > ..qj bran and pollard. 130; total, 410 W Three candidates w ® ro , p, IT. namely, Messrs C. R- , Blac ,\^ d to his P and W. Gray. Mr Vale hored [tf a if > expressed determination n® j n tional candidate was MrEw^S assemblage on Wednes 8 jj r Bh that he would not withd«w“" Bext retired. The polling will take P DJ ’ Contemporaneously .w 1 * j fayitlP’fSn national Exhibition “^, P oa th9rt® # P bold a social science co g e Qrea t p that which is.naually heW m tfea for i auspices of motion of Social Sow byf^ bp by the Ceremonial Comm tationhas been e^. e “ a nd(h d rop ic, comf literary. artistic, philanthropic, aubur^^^ associations in.Me lbo' , e nc« M e ?girii , ot arranging for 8 be cc aJl ,jj.ile* the details of one « society is requerted aa«ng«B for a meeting, hich gramme * of drawing «P 8 Thec making other arrange h>Te 6U bniil p to elucidate the ma , j o jj oW jjig J gramme, embracing , , ..f,. finance, sanitary *> . fi “ B unification of lawa affeot (A f’fli cities, nabnlet repression of. 'H lh | aiffi ddl ?-ni &c; • trade and commerce, *4 6 TI and agricrltoe, capitw J BU biects: together tai*. and concom nueitibaß for ctonf’S traffic, and other popoi^q 116 Tha matte; ij be . in ® rC ady appointed dele ft' 1 !; ioc> stion ‘.S?ie S afforded P for travelling IS f Tteinc;S&SS; doubtless induce a large. ftf' the ,; E* h,bu i 3 „ S thi, city, 1 and the congress, o£ etn“S crfl l ° will prove an t unde / interchange of Views on many ' jjecUtbatar 8 : -;: - . _ Miiaaii'tp < . . «ir a ior Smith has not as yet jti of Treasurer to enable Mr Berry .r—ed hU position _,j a ma y no t be done for SoebiaoW wor \ would like to have a iis^sssrassi £'i ms*. '? e , C Sded .Mr Bussell, ..the station-, “fa bulkT old' man. which,-* ST b » d tbfa gainst a tree, and waited bravely j appearance was so form.dable the attack , th , d OR a hesitated. Mr Black It * * i C liog, and made a poke at the valiant wriSneof the hounds instead, and h fTL kangaroo, ignoring- the dogs, ; ttS ithe man. who incontinently ran for He hid scarcely ascended.s feet a. tores . was upon him, and actually offhis body.; The fofthe kangaroo, which was killed of the party came up. Mr bj ftem.jMt “ f.; tureE que condition of the cele bW W.“ X-on and las obliged to adopt the Wed -m feet through the sleeves of. expedient “J” tojyoid- hypercritical remarks as he returned to the tbafc t b e petition'for We '“-iimeßented to the Chief Secretary: wrl ,intended tai»P B ; gned by the at an eu'X< ut ®' Wednesday afternoon nnemployeu- up' ■ , -..jjbad signed the doou iMacdSMme"^ibXto tbe Theatre Royal. Bent lying.» .. . not yet been- analysed,"bnt r“SiflP foation .hols that 327 laborers. 77 ts bl.ct.mithe 1 25 engineers, 5 moulders, at Warrnamboofon I g hlinVLeft ; j *SU® tVy. th « Ar3U3j M r ■ \ £ two new minerals in the ..bats ~ it Skipton, in this colony, and, after iS tham'toProfeaeorYon Rath, of Bonn,; S&mlw; published a paper on their crystalline Ed compcsition in the mineralogies! journal sehedst Bonn. One o the minerals is a new double phosphate of magnesia and ammonia, and the Zi phosphate °f magnesia free from ammonia. I?, former hu been named “ Hannayite,” in honor KSh ohemist, Mr J. B Hannay. P-Hg.lt; aid lb* latter Newberryite, after J. Cosmo New benj,B.Sij Melbourne. ■ : Tims wa but a fair attendance at the Ghost cterUinment on Thursday night. To-night, which is uMoncsdai a grand fashionable night, is under the pairdnige of the Mayors of the City and Town of Mint But A new piece will .be introduced,, Etit!ed“The Panee in search of his wife,” and to □now evening tbe ghosts will be exhibited for the hit time this eeoson. AH the arrangements have now been concluded for the appearance of M'Lean’e Juvenile Troubadours in tli Academy of Music during next week. This clever troupe of young performers is now under engagement toHrL 3L Bayless for three yeara, and Mr W. Inns, the adrance agent, ia about to arrange for their upannesin Ararat, Stawell, Hamilton, and other pka mthe : Western district. 