KSAXIBQ OTS FOUL. ? MTorwnbef vton £ roited ^-p mj 4onoitarui! swag «n tts miWfloot of ' th* jbniDp*- ^iJwt -ww* tovAs dnry . a* b«Uotu^^Mot)b T4'»r«ijjr*bal; - wwrabl \- daj, fl» w5b»c* tbe fortoiMtof tiro oot \- of balf-a-dozen *»mrasts to legislative itoooan were to be xteeio'ed. -TSie . poiliag'plses; -which by the patronage . of mj old BCfaoot *faoin, tbe wtwrniiig , officer #or £uIisncowW t-*& fallen to my cbw-ge, with a two-gtofnea feeio \- prospect, beside* other ' pickings, wm really '» charming spot,' To reach it an wm of the sea had to be crossed, . and the *tonnf-w*atber-rf tbepreviou* evening, followed by 4 rather lengthy ? tramp tinder Hie guidance of a black fellow, had eo wearied me that on arrival I bad hardly unstrapped iny ' blanket* and lain down, regardless of .snakes and cockroaches, on mother e»rth before I wa» fart asleep. Tbe , aspect of tbe *cene- next morning came to me+ therefore, .with all the novelty ofa-aurpise. In front at a couple of ? hundred ? yards distance, spread 'the waters of the Pacific, . glcawag with that inden'ciabie ppkleacecne Which in \- vesta, (he surface of the calmly slumber ing deep in tbe still »oft boar that ?. precedes .tbe too rapid sunrise of an Australian summer morning. The ? tide was running out, and as ita re ceding* wavelets creamed along the white sands they disclosed little by little, the sinuous outlet of the tiny ? creet, 00 *rho*e baafe my rude sleep ing plane of the past night -stood, -whimpering along over- its pebbly bed, ? more than h»Jf hidden -by *ree*feraa and myrtlee, its Jom cob verse mingled pleasantly with *he soughing of the \- morning breeze in file gaunt gum-tree tops, with the offsons of the awaken ; ing cicadte, and the subdued trumpet ing of the . inquisitive magpie tsa be ? eyed my outdoor preparations for a i hasty breakfast with a curious eye. Toe -but that is t* witness the 1 solemn .aad deliberate choice of the freehand iodepeodent of the district -bss done -doty -in its time ?? a native 1 police station. -Time has dealt gsntly ? with its slab walls and ragged roof, . and, although the doors and windows s have long since -rooted aff their ?»»*? .hide ties, tbe interisr still possesses ? every convenience for complying with. ? tbe requirements of ' the Act.' There : are two apartments — an outer one, atill boasting the. rudely rigged buahmen'a 'bunk that serves mefor an office table;. *and an taner, -where, at. a triangular shelf behind tbe partition, the voter can select bis men sod obliterate his political adversaries in perfect coaceai .tnent. Breakfast over, and tbe fragment* consigned to my swarthy ? guide, Ireenter the hut and prepare for tbe duties of the day. An impromptu whisk of tea-tree, deftly wielded by ?that royal personage (his same *«s King Jimmy) sends tbe dust of half . a generation flying, and causes fearfui havoc among tarantulas, centipedes, , and other jive occupants of the polling booth, who have yet a long course of evolution to undergo before they be come fit for the franchise. A blue blanket, spread on tbe uneven boards of the sleeping built— I always, on ; principle! avoid using one of -these snake traps for its legitimate* purpose,; .especially in a long uninhabited hut —gives that piece of furniture quite a business and office like appearance and when the bran new ballot box, still clammy with varnish, is displayed thereon, and my papers, .pens, and inkstand, and -other paraphernalia are ^a!l neatly l*id out, I begin to realise with. interne ?atisTaction immense im portance of the functions of a presid ing officer as nigh priest of the free : and glorious ballot, which for one day only gives all true-borne Queenslacders ;s voice in Che administration of their magnificent country. Half-past 8 o'clock ; one abort baif 'hottr aud my tesponsibUitima will begin. Those responsibilities include the maintenance of order during tbe polling, and the arrest of any person attempting to distnrb tbe proceedings. 80 eay(the ' Xugfcructions to Keturnicg o(ficeM,'&c.;, which I_h»ye read over so often during the Jut day ortwo that itt would be a relief to feel oneself a composer,. so as to be able to set them to music. Was it altogether prudent, without securing police assistance, to ?undertake functions so onerous in this ?wild place ? 'Tin said that, for ail it .seems so peaceful and solitary, the population round about, tno«tly lum ?berers, are a rough and ready lot, much given to the secreting of kegs of un dutied rum cast jip by tbe wav«w, and' a« little likely to respect the halo -that .encircles a presiding officer -as they would to leave untapped an; Hems of .spirituous jetsam that fell in their way. I picture to myself with tome trepida tion the possibility of having to amust, single handed, in virtue of my office, -four or five of these pants, with limbs -steeled by constant familiarity with uaul and wedges; and am lost in con teroplstion of tbe means for disposing of thy pnsoaers — when caught. How. rer, there is no help for it. Hatters hare proceeded too far to recede now ; besides, there remains the chance of -One or more scrutineers arriving who would help to «feep me in counte nance. Nine o'clock ; time to open the poii. In default of any other witness I summon Sling Jimmy, and in bis pre sence formally unlocked tbe ballot-box, and turning it upside down, a. 1* Bobert Houdin, to show that ' there is no deception,' relock it, and sliding the key into .the innermost penetralia of my pantaloons, with ?& attitude emptying that only death .shell wrest it from me, replace -the fatal casket in position. Now, -come one, tame all, they will .find me egual to either for itune. Five, ten, twenty minutes pats; jcutjfery- voter. Tbese timber-getting '?try are doubtless making holiday, ? 1 on such occasions bed and break rfaet Jun- JCSreesa charms for the hard* handed toiler. HidieuJous to expect asou! before W o'clock. Still I feel a ?woe sensation Tof rr**le««»(i*aj «M discontent ««*jwww We. - ?? CoWin, £ing 'Jimmy, and be.swotji. ttiw--- special constable- *J|eiiStWJpAie*o 4teep, nnfortoaaiy, or . raifcer thWs tnore than X can away with, but any pretest will eerve i»r the ,«g*»t of a human face.' *Aiaa, tfe#: poor devil fias slunk away out of sight. That ceremonial manipulation of . Pie ballot box-M»o ~ aoggeativo of an infernsj machine— baa perturbed his spirit, and he deems it prudent to keep a safe interval between himself and the un canny tbiog. * Would that the dayTs . work were done, nevertheless. This solitary con finement is getting coyfoundedly slow, and I'-1 give all seraphic visions that fancy ever called up for a long drink of cool sbaodygstff and ens of -Quids/* novels/ Hat Hie very thought excites thirst. la tbe haunts of men it is '12 o'clock ; sot , tbe ghost -of -a human being, much Jess a voter, fans shown up yet. If shandygaff is unattainable, the babbling streamlet tells of cool water close by, and there is a flask in mj valise tbst will serve toj' medicate'' the animalcule! VVbat a noble pre taxt, by the way, are said animalenls ! It were a tame world without its due proportion of vibbioneb and voHnciLtABiE. Thus muaing, with a hatty glance around, and bestowing * defiant malediction on the ' in structions,' I arm myself with a panni kin and the ? anti- vibHotric elixir, and rush down to the creek. The change from tbe blazing sun and fierce sea breeze to tbe cool 8til!netsturthe fern' and myrtle copse that shades tbe amber-coloured yet limped waters $s ftelightful. The tiny rill has holl owed out for itself a succession of basins, in -RrJiose depths the flashing dace' and uueoutb crsyfiish are gam bolling, and, as the benignant moisture trickles from one , to onotber over cushions of emeraid moss, stray sun* beams glint lovingly through the jatticed fronds above upon its quivering surface. Fount of Baniutl*, more then crrttol bright, Wonky of (Obleu brimtntd with *Jn« »nd tnm or »roro»tic Schiedam schnsppi, whicli formi; an «quoll; appropriate libation ; and again and again X tlaka my thirjt mth the iefreah ing compound. I b»v» just time to note that .a huge dragonrfly, that aoara, iaimorably poised like ? piece of rainbow, jurt orer tbe pool, u eyeing me rindiotirel;, ?-? though re ?fnting-oiy intrusion on iu domain, when the pricking of » oonioienoe rendered prrterna turaiij- aentitire by prolonged solitude drive* me baok (o the but. Thank God, nothing hu deenred during ttie interval to create ?m- barnuamrot. The batlot.box elands uodu* turbed. and tbe only thing approaching to a riot baa been ttatued bf the wind, which baa been mixing up my rotting papers, acmtineer'i declaration*, and anti-bribery toemalnntt in a most anconatitutiona) manner, and blowing them all overthe place. Picking up aadiorting theee Sybaiine leaToe (some of which I dis cover among the self-town pnmkin-rincw that mark the site of the former garden) aerrea to wile away another (hour, and Iisb tbe effect of blinking King Jimmy once more iritbin hail. Hit Mnjestf list in the meautiine dis covered and *' burgled' (as tb? Yankee* say) an unusuilly fine ' suiar-bug i' and as it is now dinner-time, and he he* more than suffi cient to cloy even a biaclfallow's appetite, I ' trade' some of my aandwiciies for a desaert of honey, and matter and man feiut fratern ally tand *amptuou-ly together an the .dense sward of ooucb tbat lisa taken tbe place of former cultivation Dinner orsr, for the first time t begin to realise tbe .possibility oi liaring to return to Puddleborougb without bagging a single vote.. In little more than two bour* tbe poll must be dosed ; and although, for that matter, I would willing have waited all night, and nest day into the bargain, rather than incur tbe reproooh of coming baok with a maiden bal lot-box, the ** itutruciont' on that bead wen most explicit, and I clearly saw that unless I oould incite King Jimmy to cause a riot, and thus give me an excuse for adjourning tbe proceedings, 4 pm. would see the end of my unfruitful Ubors. 3'he apprehension leet 1 should be. mobbed by tbe manhood suffragans of the seighbouabood now gave way to a burning desire for the appearance of at least a few of these wild men of the woods In my then mood I would iiave welcomed «v«n a *penonatei» to my botom, and a blind or illi terate voter, whose ptesenoe might in aome sort justify my appointment, would have raised me to the seventh heares of content. King Jimmy'* name was not 00 H» roll, so there was bo colorable excuse for taking- hi« vote, openly or otherwise ; but^ by heavens, I was very near it at one tune. I verily be lievs that had a bond, *rmed with adaea and ?taves, and fired with drift rum, sallied forth from tbe scrub, with the etptent object of ' taking their change' out of the ' pall core,' I oould have died with » smile on my lips. Three o'clock : do change of scene, aare as regarde the tide, which ie dashing merrily in, end triumphantly obliteratuig toe Peuelopean labor, of those UtUe bullet-shaped crabs, whose mslanelioly assiduity in forming every ebb tide, s large agglomeration of neat]* roanded aand-balls I have watched during the long morning hours with mingled amusement and pity. Poor little crustacean idiots ! your lot is analogous 10 mine. Stmuku Woe ax BaoiT ikebtm, both ofus ; bnt the fruitless labour of your claws and mandibles oeuet only with life, whmreas my task will be ended — Oaaous a Dios— withto the next honr. On tbe land aide the more oblique rays «f the «an «w OMUowing the Bray, aap green, and lad^o-blaeunta of the forest, with its bock ground of towering jonele, topped here and there with the funeral crest of some gaint pine- In tbe Ibregroond, prone in s tort of alcove formed by the orefymoging end of a half-consumed hollow log, he* King Jimmy, fast asleep. The cicadas are still chirrupuio'e on tbe tree-tops, but their aong lacks continu ay, and mingles pleasantly with other sounds of bwd and insect lite that become prominent a* tbe afternoon wears on. A. white low bank ofciovd in the Csr distance, whence proceed muffled reverberations, tell* of an approachine thunderstorm, and for the moment diverts njv ^OB*^I* *£? *he »«-«ig™»ing subject of tbepoU.H.e idea of another night on the floor of that hotnpy, with an elemental war ragmg outoide, and tbe sacred forert creature* —order reptilia— coming into my dormitory m shelter, u not pleasant. I mentaiiy quote Wellington's celebrated aspiration at Water loo, and insUuUr reject it w inapplicable to «iy present situation. In »he tint place my boatman'* same is not Blucher, but Brstuti goo, ond.if -evening should corae on without Braaoigan—ot with him for that matter, the consolation would be amall. as I have » couple of mUes tamp before me in order to reach *he boat, landing on the other side of the pe awiuU. Now Brannigan, taking a kindly in terest in my srettue, bad kindly Tolunteend tocomeaterosB and help me don* with my baggage when tbe arduous labour* of the day were over. Tbe remembrance ofhu promise anddenlv inveou tbi» iadmdaol with an m tarest I oould h*rdlr exsbtin to mnelf, «ad ?sliis buriy nhambling form maetfei from the scrub I find myself mecbosieolly fr''b?'^g fur my watch, five minutas to 4. There U sot ? moinont to be Jort. Haw Inaare^ the W *ow sbulBe* along ; his coarse shirt Aung wide open-totneoea-bfeeae, knd bia blowc; Up* ^nnmbling a stmc^sr IrangarooVgwwa, i I*. Palmfirsiotyoaa- iavei of bia red pamphan dtenoso. AMength, after a mortal euspe*i*« -sf tsroiam} (tThalf tainata*. Brannigan'* big bead --z-a '*hoalde» obscure the window, ^rbtie^ decided «dor of wauky contend* aue uusfuPy with tho more rcBn*d fames that' otiQ linger ' about my —alas '.—now empty flask- Hnuuugan anggMts, in a voice -Uch% muffled by spirttuomjruoorinn, toot X mifht s% well looMip the (?artgntnairy) nU and ?*« if he be entitled to rote. With a tremor of joy I put my finger on the place; yea, there he is-ijack Srannigsn ; occupation, mariner ; qualification, freehold, residence, BallyBran ni^nn — ail right and shipshape. Hastily iaitUIiing* voting-paper, *nd motioning liim into the 'pollmg-booth' with assumed in diSereoce. f b^nd turn the docament, and, tolling him there u no time to lose, explain in a few words what be ha* to do in order to re cord his Tote. iJnnnigan peer* round tbe partition into th« voting chamber with a per turbed and anxious expenaion, as -if he were expecting a tap from the ?hiUeUgh of some compatriot concealed therein ; Out, finding nothing more formidable there than a eupeti ter's pencil, edg«e ia, lHtle by littla, and be gins scratching at a great rate. Ml tins time I hod known better than to look at cay watch —the axiom laid down in those confounded ** instrootions' — Iitkooi.ee should a vote »K TAXES ATTSS 4 O'CLOCK— singing all the while in my ears, and forming it«elf to my daced vision in .Heiahauor character* on the opposite wall. At l«t Srannigsn emerges from his concealment, and, holding the paper, crumpled up in most intricate fashion, slofr. finally nonages to insert it into the slit of the ballot-box. The fatal upell was broken. Begard for appearance* alone restrained me from falling on the noble fellow's neck and cbectding tears of gratitude. As the only {pos sible alternative I consulted my Watrh. It had stopped at precisely 4 o'eloek. I raised xay eyes to heaven, the bark roof alone inter vening, and adored the special Providence tbat had cared my soruple*. Then, in my beet official tone, ' X declare this poll closed;' and prepare for a start Two days afterwards, inthe return of v»se* token within tlie Sullen cow* electorate, there appeared iht- following item : — _ BAi.t,vAaA«reaoA-f. Sntitbw*.. 8aookt. 6mkh. StuMs. 81j. 0 « 0 0 u Iiararmsl. Tout. The fellow had, in his confounded ignorance ? but avast there, Mr. Presiding O«ier ! The Act explicitly prohibit* you from con necting any given -rating-paper with any given -dnler j and though you ma; have your own suspicions, and those pretty. str..ng ones eternal secrecy mwst officially concesl the identity of tbe one informal vote that was given at the poiling- botb of Bally- Uranni gan. Idle Qciu. — ' Queenslander.' 