THE MYSTEEIES OF GEIME; OB, The Expeeibnges os as Edutbuegh Djbteomtb.— No. CXXVI. [Published by [special arrangement with the Author.] A LOST WILL. In Two Pabts — Part II. 1 stared at the girl, not quite sure whether she was talking seriously or only cunningly chaffing me. Her looks were certainly earnest enough ; but pretty women are generally adepts in that line, so I merely grunted out — ' I will be glad to hear all about it, and will keep my promise with you so far as it goes; but do not bring in any nonsense about ghosts or spirits into the story, because, having always found ghosts to have two legs, and sometimes two greedy bands, the same as other criminals, I am a little sceptical on that subject. Spirits, in deed, may prompt a crime, but they are mostly of the bad, adulterated kind, sold in the High-street at fivepence a gill, or in the shebeens at tenpence. As to me not being harsh, that will depend entirely on the truthfulness of your story.' ' I don't care what becomes of me now, and I will tell the whole truth whether you are harsh with me after or not,' replied Nancy, with dull despair. 'The will is gone beyond recovery now, and he can never benefit by it ; and, as he said to me, it does not matter what becomes of a servant girl — there are far too many of them in the werld already.' ftOh, ho! then there is a he at the bottom of all the mischief ?' I put in, with awakened interest. 'Yes: but it was my own fault for listening to him,' she replied, woman-like. ' I ought to have known that a born gentle men could never marry a common servant girl.i; 'Such a thing does not occur often, except, perhaps, in the pages of fashionable novels : about onco in a thousand years will , be something like the average,' I remarked. ' But 10 ay I ask the name of the gentle man ?' 11 Arthur Douglas, the brother of my mistress,' she simply and unhesitatingly returned. ' He came here for his holidays about two years ago. He was so handsome and bright and noble-looking that people used to turn round on the streets and loak after him. We used to hear him singing and -whistling and rattling through the house before any one else was up ; every thing he did was done ia a wayward faBhion of his own, even -o tho throwing up of the windows when Le wished to enter the house instead of coming ia by the door. One day — ah, how well I re member it ! — I had to take the place of the tableinaid, who was laid up with a sick headacke ; and then Mr. Arthur seemed to notice me for the first time. He looked at me full in the face with his clear blue eyes, and as I left the room I heard him say to master, ' What a beauty ! she has a pair of eyes like twiD stars !' I don't think I paid much attention to the words at the time, for I had heard the same thing hundreds of times before ; but by-and-bye I found that all Mr. Arthur's gaiety was gone, and that instead of dashing about as before he bad become silent and melancholy, and was always looking after and following me ; not obtrusively, but in a woe-begone, respectful way that I could not iind it in my heart to complain of.' Here I smiled, not so much at the story, which in its features was as old as Time, but at the artless fashion in which she was telling it ; and, raising her eyes, which she had kept fixed on my moving pen, she noticed the smile and interrupted herself. ' There, sir — you are smiling ; but you must remember that women don't look at these things in the same way as men,' she simply remarked. ' They haven't such a powt-r to grasp things and see where they'll iec-d to. If Mr. Arthur had looked at me impudently, or dared to annoy me in any wfiy, I would have complained of it at oi!-;e aiid had it stopped. But somehow, wrht- 11 I saw him looking so sad, and heard the senseless stories of the servants that it was evident he was dying oil his feet for me, I began to feel a strang-e flutter of pity iov the poor fellow, and almost wished it had Lll-u in my power to make him happy ajrain. Besides — and that was what caused all 1 he mischief — I began to feel a strange pride in having been able to fascinate a gentleman who bad defied the powers of so nmny grand ladies, and in calling forth the spiteful taunts of the servants at my in voluntary victory. Still I did not think I was in love, and only laughed when they spoke of such a thing ; but one night, in crossing the Meadows in a great hurry, for fear some man might annoy me, I met him full in the face, and had actually answered his hasty exclamation before I knew 'what I was doing. I don't know what he said, or how it was that I didn't stop him ; but in a little while I found myself walking along, much more slowly, listening to his earnest words, with my arm in his, and feeling so safe and happy by his side, that when he asked me piteously if I could only love him one quarter as passionately aa he did me, I said that it was very wrong of me, but I would try. He appeared so ex travagantly happy at the promise that, though I had just said it, as I thought, to please him, I was quite glad I had made it ; and, when he kissed me three times before parting at the head of the Links, I felt for the first time that I really cared for him more than I had imagined.' ' You kept all this a secret, of course ?' I put in, with a variety of emotion, in whieh I believe pity was uppermost. 'Yes; we went to the house by dif ferent roads on purpose to keep people from talking. He said it would be neces sary to keep it a secret for a while till he was able to marry me, and then he wouldn't need to care what »ny one said. But from that night he appeared as happy and merry as the day is long. He was quite changed, and, though he could never take any notice of me in the house, he used to write little notes and slip them into my hand when nobody saw, and I used to write him answers, sometimes appointing a place where we could meet when I got out of an evening, and at others only telling how much I loved him and longed for the time when all the secrecy would be at an end. Ab, sir, you may well shake your bead, for you've probably heard many a story like mine ; but I was so happy, and he was so passionately in love with me, that I could not think that the thing would all vanish like a dream.' She paused there, with her utterance choked, and the hot tears forcing them selves out over her crimson cheeks, and I appeared to be intent on removing the grit from the pen in my hand till she should get calm. ' The poor fellow had to go away at last, but before he went he arranged how we should write each other, addressing our letters to the Post-Omce. This went on for some time, but at last he said he could not live any longer without me, and said he was coming all the way to Edinburgh to marry me in secret. He did not give me time to send word commanding him not to come, but merely appointed a place where we could meet and arrange it, and of course I had to sro. I don't know how I can tell it you, sir, but his idea of a secret marriage was such a dreadful one that for a moment I doubted whether he really loved me.' ' How so ? What did he propose ?' I put in, pretty sure of what was coming. ' He said that in Scotland it was the law that if two persons only declared them selves man and wife before witnesses, and lived together as such, it was as binding as if they were actually cried and married by a minister ; and he proposed that till he could break the matter to his father I should go away to the north and live with him as his wife.' ' What answer did you give him ?' 'It was some time ere I could speak at all. I could not believe that he would propose such a thing in earnest ; for till I was fifteen I was well brought up, and, had not my father died, might have had ser vants of my own insteadTof being one my self. My face burned like a fire, and' I started up to leave him there and then ; but he ran after me, and pleaded, and praye }, find tried in every way to get me to con sent, ar.d only gave up when I said that if he fcaid any more about such a thing I would buy laudanum on the way back and poison myself. He came home part of the we v with me, and reproached me by saying he v. as sure I did not really love him or I would be ready to sacrifice a little for his sate ; but I was crying most of tue time, ar;d said I only wished that I could say that I did not love him, as I was now the most unhappy woman on earth. We parted in the Links, but he would have me to write just as usual, although I wished the whole thing to be broken off there, as it could come to no good in the end. But he swore that he would force his father to consent to us being married, and thus we parted. After this he did not write quite so often as before ; but one day I heard from the servants that he was coining through on a visit to his sisters, and that it was said he was going to be married. Now, I dare say you will think me very silly and foolish, but when I heard this I did not get alarmed, but rather hopeful. I thought that the story was either not true, or that he was really going to marry me. He came at last, and one day when the other servants were all in at the town he found me out downstairs, and kissed me, and talked to me just as he had done before ; bet after a little he asked me, in a playful kind of a way, if I had kept any of' his letters to me. I said I had them all, down to the smallest scribble of a note, locked up in my box, and I took out the bundle and placed them in his hands. Then he laughed in a strange way, and asked how much I would take for the lot. I did not under stand him rightly at first, and said that I would not part with them for anything; and then he got angry, and said in' a tone that he had never used to me before, that he supposed it was because he had so often in the letters promised to marry me. I could cot believe that he was in earnest, but when ho repeated the same dreadful words, I first felt as if the whole world was sliding away from under my feet, and then was seized with a strange courage and determination not to let him see how my heart was torn. I took the letters in a bundle from his hands, saying — 'Arthur Douglas, if you think for a moment that I would marry the King himself against his will, let that convince you that you are mistaken.* At the same moment I rammed the whole bundle into the fire, and never ceased poking at them till they were all burnt into ashes. Then he tried to laugh and Ms3 me as before ; but I was half mad and swung round the poker as if to strike him on the head, and he went away, aad I never spoke to him or saw him after.' There was no blush on her cheek now as she paused ; her cheeks were pale as death, and her words latterly had trailed out so faintly and weakly that I feared she was going to faint. Quietly I reached across the desk to a decanter or water, filled out a .glass, and held it to her lips. She revived slightly, but still shivered and cowered; and then, in spite of my request to take time and not hurry herself, she resumed — ? 'I never told this to any one before It has been cutting and cutting at my heart all that time, but I was determined that I would not let any one gloat over me or say they knew why I was unhappy. I had laudanum in my hands three different times ready to swallow, but it was that thought which stayed my hand. I couldn't bear tbe thought of people laughing over it when I was gone, and calling it a * suicide through disappointed love.' It was not fear for my life, for that was of no value to me, and I have often prayed that an omni ??,'''wS?*'k\ bus would run over me, or a house fall do wa on the top of me to end all I was suffering. About two months after the burning of the letters Mrs. Fraser went away on a jour ney, and it was no secret that it was to be present at Mr. Arthur's marriage to some I grand lady whom he had been engaged to I for some time. I don't know how I lived I through it all ; but just because I wanted I to die, you see I am here yet. Yet I Wa» I glad when I heard that Arthur was not so I well off in his marriage as people expected ; I he was always borrowing money and run- I ning into debt, and once he was actually I arrested, and about to be put in gaol, when I his father helped him off. I was glad of it, I because all my love seemed now turned to I hate, and I could have done any thing' which I would have brought him trouble or pain I though my own life had paid for it after.' {§ I ' I think I see what all this is drifting to I now. You stole the will which was* to I benefit him ?' I put in. (i I hope you did 1 not destroy is ?' I ' I did not, though I had the itching I desire to do so,' she answered, with a great I flash of her lustrous eyes. ' I had hate I enough in me, but something always held I me back. But you shall hear all, as I I promised. When I heard that Mr. Dougla» I had made a will to enrich Arthur and make I him happy, a thought came into my head I that no man who had acted as he had. I deserved to be happy and comfortable and I rich, while I was slowly burning out my I life in misery. In my madness I even I thought that God had appointed me as the I avenger; and I resolved to get the will I destroyed, though I had to burn down the I whole house with it. But one day when I I hapjjened to be in the bedroom I saw the I box with the will under Mr Douglas's I pillow ; and then the thought struck ma I how easy it would be to put some laudanum I in the tea they both drank, and then slip in I and take it. I got some laudanum, but I when I tried it among tea I found the taste I so strong that I did not dare to offer I it to Mrs. Fraser. Then I went to I the chemist's and asked for something to I make an old man sleep — something that I wouldn't have a bad taste — and they save I me the sleeping draught. I then induced I the cook to go into the town to buy me a I dress, and thus I got the chance to naix the I stuff with the gruel, which both Mrs. I Fraser and her father took. I did not ven ture near the room till three o'clock in the morning, when I found them both fast asleep. The old man was awfully straight, and still and white — just like a dead person — and at first I was afraid to venture in ; but when I heard them breathing so soundly I took courage, and slipping in, soon had the precious tin case in my hand.' ] ' But how did you open it ?' I asked, with the most intense interest. ' I am coming to that,' ske answered, with that strange and unnatural coolness which had been so seldom shaken during' her whole narrative. 'Only a few days before— on the very day that the will was finished — I had met Mrs. Fraser coming along the lobby from showing out Mr. Clark the lawyer, and as she came she was trying to slip on to her bunch of keys, through the split ring a little kev which I had never seen before; and' it afterwards struck me that this might be the key of the tin case. The moment I got the case in my hand I tried the lid and found it secure ; then I laid it down and listened again to Mrs.Fraser's breathing, and as she still slept soundly I knelt down by her side, acd softly lifting out the side of her dress with her pocket, I slipped my hand deep down till iny fingers touched the cold bunch of keys. Keeping my eyes on her face all the time, I drew them out, got up off my knees, and unlocked the case. There was nothing inside but the will, which I crushed hastily into my pocket, and then relocking the case, I slipped it quietly back in below the old man's pillow, feeling all the time as if my heart was going to burst open with excitement and want of breath. Then I knelt down and slipped back the keys into Mrs. Fraser's pocket, but in doing so my hand shook so with the nerves that I let them fall into the pocket and awoke Mrs. Fraser. She started and raised herself, and I had just time to drop on my hands into the gloom behind her easy-chair. There was no gas lit — only a night light which gives out the smallest twinkle — but I made sure that I was dis covered and all lost. Mx&. Fraser rose, a little drowsily, and bent over her father to listen to his breathing, and see that he vras all right, and then as softly she got back into the easy-chair and fell fast asleep again. She never once noticed that the door was about three inches ajar — indeed, the light was so dim that the door was hardly visible from where she sat. As soon as her breathing got regular and heavy I rose on tip-toe andcrept across the carpet and out to the lobby. I got the door fastened behind me, but the moment that was done the whole lobby seemed to whirl round me as if the walls were dancing. Then something came bang against myfore head. and I forgot everything.' ?' You had fainted, I suppose?' I put in, not quite sure, judging from her palor, but she might repeat the process now. '?' Yes, Sir. I must have lain there nearly half an hour, but in falling my head had been cut iip lieie near the hair, where you see that dark mark, and perhaps the bleediug brought me round. I was dreadfully cold and shivery, too, and seemed to see prisons and clan&irg; fetters wherever I turned ray eyes; but I crawled down to my room and tried to revive myself by thinking how successful I had ];een, and how I had made suve of a life ot poverty and discomfort for the man who had been so faithless to me. But somehow I did not feel quite so happy as I had expected, and Mr. Arthur's face seemed to come up 'before me, pleading and melan choly, just as it had been when he first fell in love with me, and the will dropped from my hands on the floor instead of into the fire, which I bad kept on for it, and I threw myself on the bed and had a long, long cry.' ' You were wishing the will back in the case again, and yourself not a criminal,' I put in, rather huskily ; for her voice had got wavery, and the tears were once more beginning to force themselves out. ' That's just it, sir ; and I thought that, after all, Mr. Arthur was not so very much to blame. You see, he was a gentleman, and vras forced to marry one in his own station whether he loved me or aot ; and, perhaps, he had suffered in doing so quite as much as I had. I really did not wish him to suffer much — it was only the woman he had married ; but, now that I could not punish the one without the other, I had resolved to put the will back in tho case— toext Bight- if 1 cotild ohiy get them to take tlie sleeping draught as easily as before.' ' It had taken me a long time to think all this out, end when I rose from the bed the daylight tras beginning to creep acros3 the sky. I now saw that I had stained botli my pillows and sheets with the blood from the cut in my forehead, and hastily set to and washed them out, and then bound up my brow. I then took the will and put it, doubled in three, into a little pasteboard box, which the laundry-maid fr&d; got in filled with starch and given to me when it ?was empty. I had it filled with different odds and ends, but I turned them all out and put the will in their place, and then shoved the box deep down below every thing else in my trunk. And now I nave come to the strangest thing in it all ; but remember I am speaking as truthfully in. this as the rest=— I mean how I lost the Trill.' ' Good heavens, gM ! you don't mean to cay that you lost the will after all ?' f cried, dashing down the pen and starting up in the greatest excitement. ' I don't know — I don't know that it's lost, nor where it is, nor what has become of it,' she calmly replied; u I leave that to you to find out ; I can only do what you told me — tell the truth. You said that -was all you wanted.' 'Yes, yes — to be sure — tell me the truth,' I said, recovering myself and trying to conceal niy intense diagram. , 'As soon as the other servants were ; stirring I ventured in among them, telling | them, truthfully enough, tfeat I had acci dentally banged my forefeead against the Tailing of the stair. N© suspicion of any thing wrong seemed to be aroesed; bat somehow I could not kelp running into my bedroom every little while to look at the brightly-colored box 'Containing the will, and make sure that it was not goae — always, of course, locking my trunk after me when 1 left the room. Towards the afternoon I was kneeling in 'this way before my trunk looking at the will, when some one touched the handle of the door, and I had only time to cram back the will into the paeteooard box and let fall the lid of my trunk, without locking-it, when the cook entered and said she had been looking everywhere for me, as 'she wanted me to help her in the kitchen. Well, of course, I could not lock up my trunk before her face . — it would ha\»e looked -so suspicious like — so I left it th\is, resolving to come back and lock it the moment I was free. I was only gone about iialf-an- hour altogether, but -when I came back and threw wp the lid of my trunk it 'was gone.' 'It? You mean the will?' ' I mean the pasteboard box. and the will with it. They were gone in the most myste rious manner possible, for -so far as 1 am aware not a soul was near the place all the time I was gone— all the other servants being out of the 'house and ?? the cook never out of my -eight during* the time. I was ! perfectly horrified at the discovery, and [ wildly turned out every -article my trunk ? contained, but all in -vaia. Then I rushed ; through to the nursery to see if any of the ] children ndght not have been in my room ; and taken it^ but then I remembered that ; they were «31 in town for a day excepting Master Tommy., whom«I could see from the window playing away down at the farthest : «nd of the garden. At this moment I was again called -away by the cook, and I must ? Lave been terribly frightened, for she asked me if I was ill the moment she looked at I my face. Hold her *J had lost something1, but was certain from her answer that she ; »t least knew nothing of the matter. Itiiea searched tbe whole room, in which I had left it, looked all through my book, and eves ventured to -ask Master Tommy if he had seen the box ; but all my work was useless. : I have never seen or heard anything of it since ; and that is all I know about it.' '* You seem to take it coolly,' I cried, now angry beyond measure at having ? actually traced the will only to lose sight - of it. ' I am really sorry I made the ) promise after all ? ' \ ' But I did not ask you to make the promise,' she very -siaiply and truly re- ; marked ; and I told you before I began that ; the will was lost, and that JL believed some \ spirit had taken it.' ! 'Poh? and you believe that yet?' I \ immediately put in. ] ' I wish I could believe anything else,' \ she sighed out in reply. ' I am so wearied with thinking of it that -I wish I could lie down and die. It seems like a judgment en me for taking it. I would not feel so i bad if I thought it some clever thief that had taken it; but a ghost — a spirit — I can not sleep at night whea I think of it !' and her shiver, as she looked fearfully about her, told me that she was actually speaking her real feelings. ' Then I can assure you on that point,' I dryly put in, u it was no spirit that took it, but probably a pair of human hands,' and I carefully questioned her en the position of her room, the likelihood of Any straggler or begger getting in from behind, and on a number of other points too numerous to mention here ; but in the end I was forced to admit myself as much baffled and mysti fied as she herself had been before me. At last, after carefully examining the whole of the places described by Nancy in her rela tion of the curious disappearance, 1 asked to be allowed another interview with Mrs. Fraser, and for that purpose was shown into the library, while a servant was dis patched in search of the lady. The luxuriously-furnished room was empty with the exception of a fine little fellow of five, who was kneeling in front of an Ottoman, with a brightly- colored edition of 'Cock Robin' opened up before him. Going up behind him I found he had the book opened at that part which runs — ** Who'll dig his grave ? ' I,' said the owl, ? With my spade and shovel I'll dig his grave.'' 'Poor little Cock Robin,' said Master Fraser, after chatting with me for a few minutes, ' he was buried in the ground by the owl. You can see him doing it there in the picture, just like my poor Sir Reginald.' ' Sir Reginald — waB he your brother ?' I asked, keeping a grave face on with some difficulty. 'Gh,'no, Sir; he was my sparrow,' he brightly returned. 'He was lame, you tnow, and I caught him in the garden, and kept him in the nursery. I fed him regu larly on breadcrumbs and boiled eggs which I got from the cook; but poor fellow he died after all, and I had to bury him.' ' With a coffin and hearse and all the honors ?' I put in with a smile. He colored at the words, and I was afraid my levity had offended him. 'No, sir, there wasn't any hearse,' he said at last, quite simply, 'and there was no one at the funeral but myself ; but I had a nice coffin for all that, and I took care not to spoil it or dirty it, for I covered it all over before I put it in the hole. But you won't tell anybody, will you, sir ?' ' Not if you don't wish me to,' I laugh ingly answered. 'Perhaps you are afraid they would laugh at you — eh?' ' Oh, no, I don't think anybody could be so cruel,' he seriously answered; 'but I would like to keep it a secret about the coffin. If you like I'll take you down and show you ' Sir Reginald's' grave ?' At this moment I was saved the trouble of a polite refusal to his offer by the entrance of Mrs. Fraser. Master Tom was very unceremoniously sent off to the nursery, while Mrs. Fraser sat down and listened with the deepest interest to the story of her brother's folly and cruelty. To my surprise, not to say pleasure, when I finished by stating that I was afraid the will was lost after all, she impulsively cried — ' I hope it is — from my heart I hope so ! Oh, to think that a brother of mine should have acted so basely and cruelly to a girl whom he knew perfectly well it was im possible he could ever marry ! I am heartily 0ad you promised her a perfect immunity from the consequences. I myself forgive the pooT distracted thing all she has done to me ; and I will see if we cannot make some amends for her suffering, and show a spirit at least equally noble with her own.' Now, I daresay that by this time the reader has guessed whither the lost will had vanished ; but then it must be remem bered that, in putting down the facts, I have been looking back on them-— not groping confusedly forward. I left Quarrycliff Villa just as nuachin the d&rkas; to the real whereabouts of the missing document as when I entered it. It was not 'till next day, while -moodily sauntering along the South Bridge, that the due struck me— prompted, singular as it may appear, by a coffin being born past me -on an undertaker's shoulder. What connection there was between that hideous thing of black cloth and tawdry tinsel and the simple utterances of Master Fraser the day bef or e it would puzzle *ne, as it did then, to tell. There was a connection, however; for as I was arrested there and then in my walk, my hand was sharply elevated in the air, and the fingers snapped, while the words 'At last, £ believe I've got it! Til go out and see F' were uttered aloud in a tone that made :people stare at me -in passing. Railing a cab, I was driven at oaee out to Merchiston, where, after 'a brief word with IStisa. Fraser, 1 was led to the nursery, where -I was quietly introduced to the ?children. After a few minutes' talking to put them at their ease, I casually expressed , a wish to Master Tom to -see the grave of **Sir ^Reginald.' -Quite unsuspicious, he led the -way to 'the 'foot of the garden, and feinted to a stick marking the -spot where *£be sparrow was buried ; but he was rather startled ^and indignant to -see me at once set sto with both hands to tear up the earth. Protests^and tears were alike unavailing. 1 kept at it, while Mrs. Fraser held him back ; «*id in. a -moment or two I had unearthed -a square bundle, wrapped in parchment, and loosely tied round with a string. The bundle was the lost box, containing the dead sparrow ; and the parchment in which the whole was wrapped was — the lost will ! Master Tom freely confessed that he had fcfcben the pretty box from Nancy's trunk -while she vras absent, but was overjoyed when allowed to re-iater 'Sir Heariuald, ' box and all — without, however, the valu able cover. !Nancy was not punished, but so far taken under the protection and care of Mrs. Fraser tbat-fiometime after she was recommended as housekeeper t&the; gentleman whoar forwards became her husband. Site is pretty wealthy now, and has bairns of her own too; but £ believe even yet she will snot recall what t have here put Sown without a shiver, or perhaps^a tear. 