COURT OF RIEQUESTS. iefor the Commnnissioner, ] h. Shaw, Irq. ILyton r. Tihe Working Miners GoChl Mlining Co. itegistered.-Clairn for £17 12s 3d, for goods sold and delivered. There being no appearance, this case wat struck out. Philli ps r. Titnsn.--Clain for £I iis lid. goods cold and delivered. In default of personal service, the plaintiff had to prove the debt. tMr Iarris, jun., theo commercil manager for Mliss Phillips, acppeared for plaintiff and gave evi. drneo n tthe Court, which pirovced tile claim. Verdict for plaintiff with its coits. O'Keef v. Ilerhbert.-Cl.aim for £2 13s 3d, for goods sold and delivered, exclusive of 7c costs. Verdict by default. A good many other cases set down for hcnring were withdrawn, and settled out of Court. Juldgmlclt Summons.--lirunn . Dea.-The further hearing of this c.osc was again post poned, in consequence of the defcndant having left the colony. Tie mining exchange is now opon to tile pub lie, and is an institution that ideserves success, but whthler it will meet with it or not tine alone will prove. In connection with tlhe ex. change, there is a npacions and commodious reading room, furnished mcl t comfortably, ancd replete with tile principal English ancl colonial newspapers, magazines, Punches, etc. Tile reading*room for papers or for comfort will ecompare favourably with any in either the northern or the southern tmetropolis-in fact, it is very questionable if it is not superior to any. thing of the kind in .Lanceston. Although mining matters are exceedingly dull just lnow, liecle? iielhi, as a town, is ccr tainly not retrogra.ling, but ctuite the recer~e. hleileiilgs are conctlnltly being erecta l in lif. ferent Iparts of tle town. Tile cnvicoiln ci ,f fldg of Coo rd Templars is ahout constructing a lodge room or Templars Ilall. It will he a iptcious bhniling, and will hea valuablel addition to the principal street. Tie site chosen for thi hall is, I believe, that now occupied by Mr liout'a large canvas store. The extraordinary aplthy shown by our cvarious bauking associations i not restablishing a branch hlcerr, is freely commetteld on, both by the inhabitants and by visitors. Ic leacons fliel, with 10w0 inhabitants, and with tile richeat gold mine in Austr.lir: in, I may altnoslt :sy, its sentre, a place of less inportance thccn George's Ilay, and hILf a doen other cea-n try villages that I mcight metion which canll bost of their banks. Persons who are no qiuainted with lenconsfierld and with its re ccrces say no, hit the bank ccmangers c thlceir edflicrc anc tihe bank directors in tliir broad views seem to entertain an opposite opinion. )Vrer tleeeoncfield in a place like New Zealandl there would not only be banks established, lbut banlks that, by following a wise anld liberal policy, would help to develop the hidden re sources of the colony. When any of tlhe banks of Tasmani, aidopt such a line of policy we may certainly look forward to thle inmmediate advent of the millenium. Diphtheria is still in our midst. I have heard of several cases, and come must, I fear, end fatally. Hlow long will this place be with out o medical man ? Some extraordinary ghost stories have been flying about the township for the last few daye. To describe all that has taken place would take up too musch time and scpace. Sufico it to say that nsome trickery has been enacted which has imposed upon the incredulity of aI number of respectable people. fllowcvcr, it mcy be only fair to ware tile "participators in this little game " that if their pranks are r apeted the Spolice will interfere, and then, perhaps, thic comedy may end in a kind of tragedy. Žov. 20. 