?$toftelttt A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. CHAPIER XXVI. tub TonNa Tvirs'e boom. BY ' ? : .? ? MBS. E. J>. E.N. SOTXTHWOETH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted "Wife," " Self-Medo," &c;, &o.; Your faithful friend, ".Until I b?a no wife, I hare nothing ben. , ' 'Tie bitter! Find ytm tbat tlioru ? Nothing at home, mull he hu no wlf. 7 Thiro'a nothing thorn that l> too Rood for him But only she ; and aha deserves a lord That twenty such.rude boys might wait uptn Aed call her mistress. Shaksi-kabk. "We will open Sir Adrian's letter first," continued tbe reotor, as bo broke the large red aeal stamped with the Fleming orest. ; Tbe baronet wrote in a but some what formal style. The rector, with bis left arm axonnd the shoulders of Net, who sat on a low bassook beside him, listening with all her soul and senses, read as follows : Fleming Chase, 2nd Sept., 18—I Rev. Dn. Stabb, — M>/,Dear Friend : Few events in lifo could have given mc more pain than tbe deplorable mistake wbioh has placed my son and yoar daughter in snoh a false position towards eaoh other and towards tho world. It is a misfortune of a kind tbat mast always fall mnoh more heavily upon the woman than upon tho man, aud as saoh. I deplore h> even moro upon your daughter's account than upon my son's. I had'beon led to suppose—as, no doubt, you yourself had also boen—tbut Adrian was paying his addresses to Miss Deloraine, of Deloraiuo Park ; and I united with yourself in a warm approbation of his choice ; but, believe mc, if I had learned that we were both mistaken, and that my son's ohoiee had fallen on your daughter, I should have been equally well satisfied. And now my own opinion is that this marriage, contracted as it has boen under a huge misapprehension, should nevertheless stand good. The young couple do not dislike eaoh other, and one of them, at least, tho noit Important one also— the woman —has no prior attachment. y I have had a long conversation with my son on the snbjeot. Ho admits that bis own oonduot and conversation with your daughter might havo easily lod her inexperianoed mind to cxpoot a proposal of marriage from him, and so rendered her the easy and un suspicious viotim of bis own lamentable blander. He speaks of bor with tho greatest esteem and affeotion. * naTe endeavoured to persuade him, under suoh ciroumstanoes, to think of this marriage as a finality. I tell him that ho could not do belter than to take to himooll the good and fair wife he has married. II o o ' toi "* p,an 118 wi " not now near **-*- a v in ->' B,a that bo lovos Mibb Deloraine and bor only, and einoo he cannot havo her he will havo no wif o. ??? T v? on ""' 7 c ?noession that I can gain from the headstrong fellow is this—that he will take no steps for the present to have his mad marriage annulled. Nor indeed would it bo of tho slightest use for him to do so. ouch a courso would only expose him to in credulity, ridicule nnd contempt. Ho will go abroad for a while, where I hope ho will get over his infatuation for Miss Deloraine, and return to us "clothed in his right \- hand." Meantime I must beg you, my old friend, to bring my sweet daugbtor-in-law here to Fleming Chase to become acquainted with "tdy Fleming and myself. Wo are both anxious to know her and to have her make her home with us, until tho return of her ?nad bridegroom ; for that ho will return lo his father's house and to his first love — Kn_ I * re ia no concoaling trom mo that "etty u-os hie firat lore—l havo not tho shadow of a doubt. Embrace your dear girl for us, and be=_ uere mc, in apito of all tho scapegrace sons " That is a sweet, good letter, a lovely lovo letter, dear father," said Not, gravely ; " but you know," aho added. Blowly—"you know that I cannot accept his invitation. I cannot go to his housr. It would look like a. deaira to force myself on Adrian." , 11 Wo will talk of that presently, ray dear. No need for you to decide at once. It would be hotter in a worldly point of view that you should go. It would stop the tongues of ail cavillers. ' I appreciate your delicate scruples. Net, but you must not be guided by feeling, my dear, but by reason, and by tho counsels of thoso who are older and more experienced than your- Belf. Sir Adrian's letter is a good and wiso one. We must reflect a little before wo reject its counsels," replied the rector. "Father, will you read Adrian's lotter now P" inquired Not, seeing that tho roctor made no motion oven, to open his. " Oh 1 I hud forgotten ; hut really I don't suppose- the fellow's communication is .of muoh account," replied Dr. Starr, as 100 .opened the envolopo aud read as follows : : Ecehiho'Ciuse, 2nd. Sept., 16"—. ? Rev. Dit. Stajui,—jUy Dear Sir ; I write to you becauso I dare not writo to Not. ? "'I dare not say ono word in self-dofonoo.' No ono can feel more certainly than I do that I - am: -indof cnsiblo. I made an unhappy," blunder in my marriage, yet my 'father thinks I. ought to abido by it.- Perhaps I ought. But lot mo ask you frankly, in tho interests'of your daughter, oould I do hor a deeper injury than to tako her to wife while my affections and desires aro fixed upon her cousinP "?'..'?'? ' No, you'will oonfess that I oould not. '"' ?": I liko, esteem and honour your daughter, but I could not lovo her as my wife. I -will do anything ? and everything else -in my power to provo tho hi(rh estimation in whioh I hold her. My fathor ? and mother have invited hor to Fleming Chase. I pray you let her go thoro and mako it a permanent homo whilo my parents livo, and, after thoy shall havo possod away, let hor continue to livo and reign in thoir placo as Lady Deloraino. . As for mysolf I shall nover onjoy tho blessing of homo or family; but tho world is wide, and its attractions many. I- pruy that you and your daughter may pardon mo for any pain that I_ may havo inadvertently caused you, knowing, that my own pain must be equally great, and believe mc, notwith standing all that has como and gono, ovor your friond, Adrian Fr.Tarrwo. "Poor boy 1" sighed Net. "Oh, father, is tliero no lawful way of releasing him from Ills bonds f" "No, Not, there is none without a publio scaudul that'would bo intolerable." " It is vory hard on him," sighed Net. ' " And on you, then F" "It is vory hard.indood," assented Not. " "Tho ouly remedy is timo and potioncc. Wo must -wait, Not. Aud, moanwhilo, I wish you could bring yourself to accept Sir- Adrian's invitation." \- " But loannot, doir father. I oould not even if I had no ties, no duties to bind mo here, and I have, for I could not leave the babies." "And you oould not tako thorn. Well, we will not answer Sir Adrian's lettor to day. Wo wilLwait until to-morrow. Per haps by that time you may see things in a different light, and something may be thought of for tho babies. They are over four years old now, you know," said tho rector, as he folded his letters and put tbem in a compartment of his table-drawer marked " Unanswered'* 1 , And theso letters wero destined toremain unanswered to tho end. " Now, I must walk out and Bee some of my peoplo," said the doctor, rising. Ho took two stops towards the door, threw his hands up suddenly to his head, and fell heavily to tho ground. "With a alight cry Not sprang to his side, and stooped to help him got up, for she thought that ho had only tripped in the loose rug aud fallen. ' At the samo moment, Mrs. Ken and Kit alarmed by tho unusual noise, ran in from the kitchen, and Miss Deloraino oamo, in from tho parlour. " "What's tho matter ?" " "Wot hey happened P" "?Wot'B broke P" demanded tho excited questioners in one voice, as they gathered ronnd the prostrate man, who gave no Bign of consciousness. " Run for the dootor. Kit!" exclaimed Net, controlling her own emotion by a strong effort. " Tell him to come instantly 1 Father is stunned by hia fall—don't you see?. Oht ho tripped in the rug, and fell with all his weight, yoa see, Antoinette I" sho added, turning to the pale and anxious girl who stood by her side. j " I see," answered Miss Deloraine, in an awe-Btricken tono; for, in fact, Bhe saw moro than Net did. j " Let us try to lift him to the lounge, Mrs. Ken. Oh, Antoinette, please go and get a pillow," she continued; turning her pain- strioken eyes from one to another. " You had better let mc help you to lift him first. You and Mrs. Ken can never 'do it alone," replied Misa Deloraine. I The threo women lifted the body of r,he rector, and laid it on tbe lounge. _ t Then Antoinette ran to fetch a pillow, while Net and Mrs. Ken used such simple remedies aa were at hand for his restora tion. . i "Oh, Mrs. Ken, his pulse has Btoppqd I It has stopped 1 What Is the meaning of that P" anxiously demanded Net, as sho held her father's motionless wrist between her fingers. " Mayhap it's just a falnty fit, Mistress Net. Dnnnot yo be soared. Wait till the dootor comos, replied the woman, in the shaking tones that contradioted her words and betrayed her own agitation. _ ; Antoinette came in with the pillow, and they raised and laid the roctor*s head upon it. i " Oh, Antoinette I his -heart does not beat 1 It is as still, as—aa—tho dead I" cried Net, in a tono of: anguish, as >jhe drew her hand from hia bosom,-and looked up in her friend's face with an expression of agonized entreaty, " Oh, Antoiootte I what is the reason P What is the reason P He Ib not —not dead P" j This last word camo in a sharp ory. ' '? Hush, dear I Hush 1 Here is the doctor,' whispered Miss Deloraine, as Dr. Bennet entered the room. " I mot your servant a few yarcU from the gate, my dear," said the physician, as he took Net's. hand, bowed to Mias Deloraine, and passed at onco to the sido of tho loungo where the form of the rector lay. All the othors drew back to give way for tho doctor, who proceeded to make a vary careful examination of hi 3 subject, while Net watched him anxiously from a 6hort distance. . ? Presently tho dootor ooased hia lnveatiga tion, closed ths Bbirt bo?om, vest and coat over tbo lifelois body, oompoaed the motion leas limbs, and turned away from the lounge. "Dootor —dootor—" began Not, in a voico balftfainting with fear. " My dear girl—yon are a good girl," said Dootor Bennet, gontly taking Net'sjhands in both his own—" yon know that this life is not all, and—" '?' Oh, he's gone t he's gont ! Oh 1 I cannot bwx.it l I ow- no ? *>?? ??!" Net, ia m shrill tones ot angnirh, as Bho (ell back against the wall cf tho slurfy and leaned there, weeping bitterly—(or the griel of youth is nuver dumb, but ever finds ready relief in copious tears. The old dostor put hia arm round her waiat, and led her tenderly to an easy-chair and placed her in it. Antoinette sat down besido her and took her hand; but neither the phjeieisn nor the friecd Attempted to uttor any words oi con solation ; that, they knew, al such a moment must bo worse than übgloss. They let her weep and sob until the storm - oi sorrow had exhausted its (oroo. And then it was wonderful to see how quickly Net rallied hor forces aud how oalmly ebo went about hor duties. Dr. Bonnet took upon himself the whole responsibility of tho crisis. Ho.it was who wrote to Miss Doloraino*s .aeoond guardian und solicitor in London to apprize him of hia coUoaguo*s deocoso, and aleo to.Sir Adrian 'Floming, in Devonshire, to announce to him hia old friend's doath. He it was who gavo oil tho orders for tho funeral. '.'As roon as the domiso of the pastor became known in the parish crowds of friendly, sympathetic and Borrowing pooplo floekod to tho parsonago with expressions of oondole 'ment and offers of aorvioe. The rector's Htttle. daughter gratefully accepted all tho lovo that prompted all tho action, but gently doolinod tho sorrioos. There -waa nothing'to bo dono, she said but what sho and tho household oould do. , Thefuneral waa arranged to take placo on Saturday, tho fifth day after tho death. It was on the third day that Net was sit ting in tho nursery, with littlo Luko. and Ella, trying to . make them understand the great mystory of tho chango' that seems so marvellous, yot is bo Bimplo—that seems,so like doath, but is new birth—and sho was finding onthow'muchmore readily Jtho children oould receive and understand tho truth than she oould convoy and oxplain it, whon. she was interrupted by tho unooromoiiious on- ? tranoe of Kit o* Jim, who put a card in her hand, and'announcod: . " A tall owld gent'man,. foiue and grand, hey oomo to coo yo. Mistress Not, and ia waiting in the 'all down ataira." . Net looked at the slip ot pasteboard be tween her thumb and finger, and read— Sir Adrian Fleming. " Show the gentleman into the drawing room, Kit, and say to him tbat I will be down in a few momenta," Bho said, as she arose to make a little chango in herdreaa. Kit loft tho room to do her errand. Not only Bmoothed her front hair, ad juated her neat, white collar and cuffs, and then she want down stairs and opened tho parlour door. , She Baw standing boforo liar a tall, soldierly-looking man ot about aixty years of age, with broad shoulders, well set back, stately hoad, high, aquiline featnroa, florid bomplexlon, bright blue eyea, and silvery white hair and moustache. Ho wore a black frock boat, buttoned np to hia ohm, dark gray pantaloons, and-neat patent lcathor boata on small and well-shaped feet. Holding ont small and noatly-gloved hands, he advanoed to meet Net, and taking hera, aaid, gently and gravely : " yon aro my daughter-in-law, I presume, young lady." Net looked np in Borne littlo embarrass ment, but oould not speak jnst then. "Yon aro Mrs. Adrian Fleming, if I mis tako not 1" then said the baronet, a littlo doubtfully, for Net's silence puzzled him with uncertainty. " I am Dr. Starr's-stop-daughter—Net," replied tbe girl, gathering courage from the calm, kind eyes tbat gazed down upon hor. " Precisely. Quito bo. Just as I thought. I am very happy to see you, my child, evon though grieved by the occasion that haa brought mc here," said the baronet, still holding her hand. ?' It was v?ry kind of you to oome, sir," murmured Net. " I could do no otherwise. It was my duty to you, dear child, no less than to my departed friend, Dr. Starr. He was my collego chum and oldest living friend, dear girl, and bo, as soon as I got Bennet's latter, with tho sad news of Luke's death, I took tho first train North." " I thank yon very much for coming, Sir Adrian, but pray bo seated,", said Net, drawing forward a largo oasy-chair." The baronot dropped heavily into its cushions, and thon inquirod : " "Whom havo you in tho houso, my dear, to look after affairs P" " No ono but mysolf, my cousin,' and the two servant- women; but Dr. Bonnott oomos evory day and attends to everything." " Ah 1 ah 1 it was very sudden," said tho baronet, referring to the death of the reator. " Yes, vory sudden," replied Net, fully understanding him. " Apoplexy P" inquirod the baronet. ? " No—hoart. diseaae, the dootor said," repliod Net, beginning to tromble, for as yet she oould not bear any allusion to her father's doath without Btrong emotion. " There, thero—l have beon inconsid erate, my child 1 Let us change the Bub ject. What aro your plau? for tho- fature, my dear, if you have formed ? any f" in quired the baronet, with overy expression of warm interoat. " I have formed—none. I, havo 'not thought of any," said Not, spooking with , difficulty. ? ?. . " So much tho better, my dear. You will lcaro othors who are older, and moro ex- - .porioncod to plan for. you,'*- said tho baronot,'. .expressing tho.6amo idoa, if not.using the samo words, that had been spoken: on this ' subject by tho reator. Net bowed, not iv assent, but in courtesy," becauso sho could i-oply in'no'other'way. ; . '' Your fathor got my lotter, I hopo f'?' ? Not- bowod again, and,- with' on effort, . uttered faintly: ? ?'.' Au hour, boforo ho was stricken down." "My ohild, I can do little to assuage your grief for this heavy bereavemoht—a griof whloh, indeed, I share; but you will let mo' shield you from tho material oonscquenocs of your loss. I camo hero not only to attend tho funeral of my old friend, hut also to tako you back with mc to Fleming Chose, where Lady Floming wiU givo you o vrarm welcome" "You and her ladyship nro very, very good to mc, sir—very, very good, oven though my own stupid and lainontablo mis takpnos plaood ** —hero tho voloo of tho girl was choked, for a. moment, but sho resovcrod it and resumed—" your sou in suoh a false, position. I—" Sho brobo down again. Tho baronet, who was sitting nooxly oppo site to her, stooped down and took both her hands, Baying kindly: " My door child, tho blunder was my son's' own, and you wero the viotim. Ho knows that as -well as ? wo ? do. Sometimoa men' blunder into good fortune. Their blunders bring them bottor results than their best laid plans oould secure—only in that oaso thoy do not onll them'.blundcrs, you know. I think my son luu blundered into his life's lmppiness. Wo Will wait and see, doar Netty." " You aro very,.very good tome. ' It was only a rapctitiou, hut it wus all tha deeply-moved girl could find to say. " In tho meantime, ray lovo, you will oome and make your homo with Lady Fleming and myself." ? . ? *'I run Twy.gwfyM tox ypw exceeding Idndnoas to mo, Sir Adrian, but I cannot havo tho happiness you offer mc," replied Net, with meek firmness. The baronot looked at her in silent surprise for a moment, and then inquirod : " But whatdo you moan by your words, my dear P Why can you not have and— confer thia happlnossr" "I havo two little children, Sir Adrian," calmly replied Net. " ''Iwo—little—children— * " slowly re peated tho baronet, oyeingtheyoung creature boforo him, with a sort of dismayed in credulity. ' < Why—you oould not havo been a widow, when my son married you! Nothing to that effect was told mo 1 Two littlo children ! Lord, bless my soul olivo, it seems perfectly preposterous I You aro too young, you know 1" t Tho very ghost of a amile flitted ovor tho won faoo of littlo ( ( mammam," as aho an swered : " They aro the twins, Luke and Ella, ohildren of my dear step-father by hia second morriuge." " Oh 1 All 1 Yos 1 I boo 1 To be sure !" ex claimed tho baronet, with a look of relief. "Thoy aro sow about four yoars old. I havo had tho care of thorn all their Uvea. Tlioir mother passed away tlio day that thoy wero born," continued Net, in explanation. Precisely 1 ' Juat so 1 - They aro the chil dren of your atcp-fathor by his second wifo, and of not tha loast blood-relationship to yourself f" ' " No, but that does not mako tho least difference. I love them just as well as if thoy wore my very own. And they know no othor mothor than, myself," replied Net, as tho toars of a' vaguo apprehension rose to hor eyes. " Tut, tut, my door girl, you aro a good girl, but you don't know what you, are talking about. These ohildron of . my old friend, ohildron of hia old age, must bo well cared for ; but thoy must not be millstones about your nook to spoil your lifo. Thoro ia an excellent homo in my neighbourhood for the orphan ohildron o{ clergymen of the Church of England .whore they oan bo plaood, and wharo thoy may bo brought up and oduoa ted to beoome teachers—governesses, if thoy happen to bo girls ; tutors, or curates, if boys. I will sea tho ohildren of my dear friend entered thoro. It is the best disposition that oan be mado of them. So that obstoclo will be removed from your path, my dear, aud I hope you will bo ready to return with mo to Floming Chase, immediately after the funeral," said tha baronet, as ho arose from his aeat. " I thank you very muoh for all your kind intentions towards mc, Sir Adrian," replied Not, very courteously, but quito non-oom mittingly. Sho was flllod with dismay at tho proposition of. tho baronot to Bond her babies to the Orphan Asylum. She felt too muoh agitated to oombot his resolutions at this instant; but Bhe was resolved novor to con sent that the littlo ones, dear to hor as if thoy had boon her vory own, should bo soparated from hor to bo placed in any ohnritablo institution; .yot she reflocted that she was bat a minor, and sho wondered with fear whother the baronot, or any othor responsi ble man. who should, tako it upon himself, might not havo tho power to dispose of these orphan ohildron as ho and "tho court" might sco fit. So disturbod was littlo " mammam " by theso thoughts .that all sho could do was only to answer tho baronot in tho courteous, non committal words wo havo rcoordod. " Now, my dear, \T will bid you good morning," said Sir Adrian, holding out his hand. "No, pray do not go. I thought—l hoped that yon would stay here whilo you should remain in the neighbourhood.. Let mc show you' to your room," said Net, hospitably, rising to perform the duty that thoro was no man-servant in tho ? house to do for her. " My dear, you are vory good, but I did not oxpeot to stay here, and I have left my luggage at the Dolphin," ' " Let mc send the stable-boy for it, air. I beg you will not go." " Well, well, as you please, my dear. Perhaps it is beat that I should bo hero to look after you," said the baronet; "and he took his tablets from his pockets, wrote a few lines on 'them, tore out the leaf, and handed it to Net, adding: \- " Yon will please to Bond this order to my valet, at the Dolphin, and he will bring ray effeota." " . , Nat took the leaf, and wont out to give it to Peter Ken to deliver. Then to the parlonr and're nowod her offer-to dhow her visitor to his room. ....''' "Lhave been herebeforo, my dear—in the bachelor days of my. late friend—and I know' something abont this rambling house. If yoa will tell mc where the room is X prefer to find it myself." " It ia the chamber at .the hood ' of -the stairs on the left hand, directly above this." " The very ono I occupied twenty years ago. I cannot mias it," said tho baronet, as he walked ont of tbe room. The next day Mr. Janio? Flint, janior partner in the firm of Flint Brothers, attor neys-at-law, who, boaides managing Miss Deloraine's estate, transacted all the late rootor's legil business, camo down to Miston, to remain until after the funeral, and look afterjthe interosts of his ward. .- .Net, who'was oonsaming with anxiety on aoconnt of hor babies, took tho first oppor tanlly.of seeking a private intorvlon with Mr. James Flint, to act before him the following oaso, which she pnt in a very few words: \- " I have had tbe sole oaro of my baby brother and sistor ever sinoo thoy wore born. Now they aro four years old, and I am ; eighteen. We aro all orphans and minora. But lame yon moro oapablo of taking oare of thorn now than I ever was before, and they have no relative or fridnd on earth but myself. Now, oan anyone take thorn away . from mc and placo them in an orphan asylum or olsowhero without my oon sent ?'* "Inordinary circumstances any rospon-. sible 'm?n or woman, aoling as tho ' next friend' of tbe orphans, might, with thooonsent of tbo oourt, do ao. But have no (oars on this score, my dear young lady; the ohildron cannot be removed from your ohargo without yonr oonsent, oxoopt, indeed through the aotlon of one person, who is uot likely to interiors, I should say." " And that person 7" inquired Net, some what relieved, but still nnoasy. " Yonr husband," replied the attornoy, in a low tone. " He is not indeed likely to trouble himaolf about ns," thought Not, with a sigh. " No one else will havo power to disturb yon in tho ohargo of tho children." " But—how do you know that, Mr. James?" inquired Net, speaking in her groat anxiety with unintentional rndonosa. " I have the will of your lato guardian and step- father. And although I am not at llborty to discloso tho terms of that will before It shall havo boen openod pnblioly after the funeral, yot I may assure you of this, that no one exaopt the one person who is least likely to inlorfero can disturb yon in tho possession of your ohildren, or dispose ot them v.-ithout your consent. Bat, my dear yonng lady, ;i ask yon, in yonr own interests, how do yoa propose to support them ?" " I do not know. I havo naver thought about that yet, bat I know I shall be able to take caro of my babies somehow," answered UttU neunmun. vrtth (he Mind trust of one. who had novor known a real want, or had any experitnoo in the great difficulty some peoplo have in being permitted to work for a living. " There is an opening towards a fortune for yon, my dear young lady. Your late stepfather must have told yon tha objtot of hia journey to London—" " Yea, yea—say no more abont that, I beg you 1" exclaimed Nat, hastily Interrupting the lawyer. " I would never advance a cl-dm that, howavar legal it may be, la cartainly unjuat, and I could not eojiy any fortune that must come at the erpenao of a greater aaiatnlty to another.'* " Then let the mmttar rait for ths present. It may be that at aomn future timo you may view it In a different light." Ilere the interview closed. On the following day the funeral Jof Dr. Starr took plaoo. All the neighbourhood, ot every age, rank and aect, attended, for tha rector waa much beloved by all who knew him. The venorable Earl of Altofalro arouaad himself from the apathy of age and sorrow and came in hia family carriage, aupportad ia hia aent by hia valot. The Cayloa, who had lately returned to Oaveland, arrived ia their old-fashioned coach. The Bsaudevare family ware absent from the neighbourhood, and indeed from tha oountry, but the baron'a bailiff took ,it up era hitnsoU to send the family coach to go in the funeral procession, knowing that by ao doing ha would axproaa tha friendship ot hia employer towarda tho deceased mtnlaler and hit household. A mlnieter from Carlisle read the impraj alve burial service. After the obsequies were all over, the mul titude dispersod, with the exception of a few of ths moat intimate friends, who returood with the bereavod daughter and ohildron to the rectory, to bo present at tbe reading of the will. Among theso were Sir Adrian Fleming, Mr. Coyle and Mr. Brandon Ooyle, Dr. Bennet, Rev. Mr. Oomatoek, and, of oonrao, Mr. James Flint. . Soma of these friends, hearing that thero was a will, wandered why on earth the reator had over thought it neo??sary to make one, aeeing that he had little or nothing to leavo. Tho will was read by Lawyer Flint, in the dining-room of ths rectory, and in the pre sence ot tho family, friends, and Borvants. It needs but a passing notioe. In it the testator, first ot all, oonstitnted his ward and atep-danghter of (nil legal ago, and left to her hia whole properly in trust for tho uso of hia own children, appointing hor tho solo guardian of his ohildren and the eolo exeoutrix of his will. This oaused a groat doal of criticism among the hearers. . " Lord bleea my soul alive I I nover hoard of Buoh a thing in tho whole coarse of my life I A girl of such a tondor age to hs loft with suoh a burdon and responsibility I If he were not my own old oollego chum I should say the reotor had been domented 1" -hotly exolaimed the baronet, Boeing how- seriously this will would bo likely to interfero with his own plana and proapeots in regard to littlo ?mammam and her babies. "I toll you, Sir Adrian, that young girl is bettor fitted to disohargo tho dutios im posod upon.her- than mostwomon, or men, either, of any ago whatever 1 Sho haa boen the mistress of the rectory and tho guardian of these ohildren sinoo her fourteenth year, and sho has filled hor responsible post with oonsummoto ability 1 I. know it, and oan testify to it, if necessary,", answered Dr. Bennet. " Porhaps, sir, you wero in tho oonfidonoe and oounsels of tho late reotor," said tho baronet, a littlo sarcastically. ' "It is vory truo; I was. Dr. Starr con sulted mo about this samo will. I advisod him as to tho very oourso ho has pursued," ooolly roplied tho dootor.. ','A very unwiso courso, sir I This will was, besides; mado boforo tho marriago of my daughter-in-law, Mrs. Adrian Floming. Aa a marriod woman sho is incapacitated for the functions imposed upon her by thia will," retorted tho boron. " I fancy there ia no one but her.huaband to bring forward that objeotlon, and he, I. think, ia absent on foreign travel, flood-day, Sir Adrian. I havo to leavo rather abruptly, for a doctor's time la not hia own," aaid the physician, bowing low, and leaving the room. Moat of tha company were also departing. When the room--waa nearly blear, Sir Adrian want np to Net and aaid : "My dear, aa aoon aa you can gat free from these people, oome to mc in tha study. 1 want to apeak to you there." " Very well, air, I will go," replied Nek, who aaw that the Coyloa wero approaohhig to take leave of hor. Old Mr. Coyla merely took her hand and wrung It In allent sympathy, but wrung It ao hard that Nat had nearly cried out with patn. Mr. Brandon Ciyle took her Angora and held thorn in a limp and languid way, bond ing over them, and murmuring: "It is aad to have to condole with yon an the death of your beloved stop-father, before I have had the opportunity of congratulating you on your marriage." " Thanka, Mr, Coyle, but both aro quite un necessary, I aaaiira you," ooldly replied Not, who always inatlnotiTely ahrank from the dark, handsome, serpentina Brandon. . Coyle bowed eeremonloualy and turnod away. These two were the laat departures. Then Not wont into the library, whero the baronet aat In ths old leathern chair that had onoe been the rector's familiar aeat, and at the old writing-tablo upon which the rector** a'ermons had all beau written. It gave Net a passing pang to aea another aittiog thero. " Oome in, my dear. I hays muoh to aay to you. Sit down beside mc here," aaid tho baronet, rising,. and leading the girl to a chair near hia own. Not aat down and waitod. . Too well ahe knew what was coming next. " This will of your late step-father and guardian, my dear, was a very unwise one, it you will permit ma to say ao," began the baronet. ' "My dear father wis an eminently wise aud good man," aaid Nat, In generous defence of tbe departed. " Yes, yes, good, most cortaliily 1 emin ently good, as you ? say,'.' asaohted the baronot, in a conciliating tone, " and wise very wise in—ah—most respects I But the wisost are liable to mako. mistakes.. Your latotfother has made a' ao'rioua one in. im posing upon a girl so young and inex perienced as yourself so. onerous a respon sibility as the charge of those,children.". (To hi continued.) 