THE JiEtfBISO AWiLi&iSfiR; (iniBMSUKD daiiM rr.oTiiisinoK, aUl'. lit&ixVs;, asd oon aisounoss. • HAtf&RVKST;, FHIDAY, MAlt. l.}, IS79. Last QUARTER's mNING reports. Tub reports of 'the mining siirveycrs and registrars throughout the tfdiony for tho quarter which ende'A 'on tho 31st December, 1878, are iof $, inoro satisfactory; character; thaft wo "Had boon led to expect. * They: slitfw a largo iucreaso on tho yields for tho two .previous quarters of the .year. ■ The returns for the' quarter Cnttift'jj '30th June were 1 S7,59-l o?.s.'; Ttfi' the quarter ending 30tli, SepteittU^.-) 194:,9G0.ozs.;..and for tho last 'iniaVtcr,. 207,058, ozs.' These figures denoto a gradual revival of prosperity in tho mining industry, which should prove veVy encouraging to tlioso yengaged; in it. So far as tho figures relate . to; our "OAVn® goldfield, wo find a special w.iWe tor con gratulation, although Vir6 May lionestly con fess that wo ' aw tiS surprised' as wo-aro pleased at 'the circumstance, for we had fctiSeved that the period embraced by tho reports was ono of extraordinary dul ness in mining as in everything.else. AVe arc glad, however,, to find that we were mis taken, and that, instead of sucli being the' case, a steady improvement Iws takon plaeo in''.tho 'returns from screttd of our mines. Of tho aggregate yieiA of. 207,058 ozs.obtainod during the last quarter, by far the larger portion was' of course obtained .' from quarts, the alluvial returns having amounted to 71,875 ozs., and tlioso from quartz crushed to 135,182 ozs. The1, in creased total yield, however, is attributable to an improvement in both branches of the industry, for on comparing the report for the last quarter with' that/for'.the,pre ceding similar term, -\vo find that . in tho last ikree months' of the 'year the alluvial mines contributed about 8,000 ozs. moro -than in tho quarter ending September, whilst a similar com parison with rcspect to quartz mining, shows a similar excess in favor of the last qilarter of about 5,000 ozs. Thus it is tendered evident that, whilst tho development of our quarte mines secut'cs improved . yields, tho alluvial branch of the industry may yet bo depended' on to afford employment to a largo number of persons, and to add materially to Glancing at the summary in which infor mation is given relative to tho quantity of quartz crushed in each mining district, and tho gold obtained therefrom, we observe that Sandhurst maintains the leading posi tion, and may still claim to bo the premier goldfield of tho colony. During tho quarter tliero were crushed in this district 03,767 tons of stone for a yield of 34,255 ozs., or an average of 10 dwts. 8 grs. per ton. Tho only other locality with which a comparison may fairly be made is Ballarat, owing to tho fact that in-nearly all the remaining dis tricts the quantities crushed were small; and, although tho average per ton was, in ono or two cases, greater than ours, tho total yields were insignificant. In the compari son with Ballarat wo have all the best of it, for although, there'were 89,*135 tons crushed on tho sister goldfield, or more than 25,000 tons over tho quantity crushed on Sand hurst, the total yield was only 32,002 ozs., or over 1,500 ozs. less than ours, their average also only amounting to 7 dwts. 0 grs. per ton. Taking the . averages as the basis of com parison Gippsland comcs first with 1 oz. 0 dwts. 13 grs. per ton, but it must bo re membered that Gippsland accounts for only 8,000 tons,—only one-eleventh of what Ballarat and one-sixth of what Sandhurst lias crushed. Maryborough has J 4 dwts. IS grs. as its average yield, and Ararat 13 dwts.; but at the former of these places less than 10,000 tons were crushed, whilst the latter did not crush 20,000, and in both cases, consequently, tho total yields were far below those of either Sandhurst or Ballarat. Castlemaine stands lowest on the list of averages, 5 dwts. 21 grs. per ton being the result sot down to it. With regard to the number of miners employed in the colony, we find a falling oil' since the preceding quarter of 705. At the end of the September quarter there were 37.311 persons engaged in both quartz and alluvial mining; at tho end of the year there were only 00,030. It is not easy to account for this great and sudden diminution, unless we accept the explanation ottered by a Ballarat con temporary, that it is usual for a falling off of this sort to occur at the end of the year, when miners temporarily leave their picks and shovels for the harvest field and the shearers' slied. If this l>e the true cause of tho decrease wo may expect to find the figures brought up to their former standard when the report for the current quarter shall havo been pub lished. The falling oil occurred principallv in the "Maryborough district, where the numbers of miners fell from 7,7ol in September to 7,375 in December. It is at all events satisfactory to find that not withstanding this decrease in' the number of miners, the general result:; of mining in tho colony show a steady improvement, and it is to be hoped that tho succoss attained during the past quarter will encourage thoso who have undeveloped, but undoubtedly valuable, mines under their control, to shake oil the lethargy winch in too many instances has lately overcome them. It is beyond all question that we have plenty of unworked reefs yet in Sandhurst with abundance of gold in them, and it is unfair alike to the district and its inhabitants to allow the splendid resources of the goldfield to remain neglected as they have been for some time past. The Proposed Visit .or the Governor.— Mi1. IJ. Clark, M.P., waited upon his Excellency the Governor yesterday to induce him, if pos sible, when he visits Sandhuis'j to open the exhibition to stay overnight. Sir Bryan O'Loglden, the liou. J. M. Grant, ami Lord l'hipps (the Governor's aide-de-camp), were present at the interview. Mr. Clark stated that both the City Council and the Exhibition Committee were anxious that his Excellency should stay one night in Sandhurst, aud that the people of Sandhurst generally would give him a hearty reception when he came. His Exceilencysaid that if the Marchioness continued to improve in health he should very much li';e t.> ounip'y with the wishes of the citizens of Sanu inir.it. am!, if possible, he would d'> so. The members of the Government; who are likely to iie.nmpany his Hxunleucy on his visit to Sand intn-t, are Sir Bryan O'Li^jhltn. Hon. .T. M. Grant, Major Smith, and hou. I". Longmore. A number of members of Parliament from both sides of the House will also accompany him to the opening of the exhibition, besides other viii'.o.-s. SANDHl'KST IsmrsTKIAI. UxiUMTtON.—TIlO inside of tho Town llall mid Exhibition build in:; presents rather a dilVoiv.nl; :\s|>o<"t- row to what it did a week ;>■»<». Almost 'roni to end of the long Exhibition building men arc hard a I. work, »t| ' cnse«, erecting tablon, .irr.!'.i;;iii" la- ckhil>it!=, etc. Notwithstanding t-ie. uru'l'y notice given for intending exhibitors ;.> send in their :i;ipiiiMlioiis for space, many persons Jiave neghcted to do so, and daily the secretary is receiving applications for space for interesting exhibits. 1'or tin: present, r.oxYever, ' these have to be held over. as the ollimittee lind that every inch of t>b!c ''r:;u'e now at their command is ailotl'"\\\ :>ml that about 1,000 foot addition,'''1 Will bo required. Every exertion \YiT! bo Used lo provide the extra space, and also to have everything completed prior to the opening day, and for tiiat purpose f oe vuen are working overtime. The fenoc has been com pleted, and the ladies' retiring mom i» K -ing oreetcd, and the old lire depot virpr.ved for the working models. , lvimcia.VrioK 'WanI'M).—It appears that the tcsidcnJ'S 'Oi the Iroiibark Chinese Camp are in profit witut of water. There is. not ;v drop ob tainable in the neighborhood lit for human eon- j sumption. We aro informed that; p.n implica tion" was made many months ni;o tv> the water department by some m the leading Chinese thero to have a, pipe laid froril the-.vain in Bridgc-stl'cct, but so far t Vio• rioti --e l.as been taken of it. There are from rj to 50 ratepayers resident in tho canty, and they are prepared, we undei'stsn'd, to subscribe £50 for the purpose of .having the water laid on, provided tHe money is recouped hereafter. They state that a two inch pipe will bo quite suilicient for their pur poses, The want of water, we are assured, is being very severely felt . in . the vaMp The whole quantity used there for domestic and jOther, purposes lias to lie carted ami to be paid for At a hSwft price. As the relief nought is Urgently wanted it is to be hoped the matter will rcceivo early attention. The San Fhancisco Mail.—The Californiati mail atoamor City of Sydney arrived at A tick land yesterday. A telegraph summary of the news she brings will be found elspAVliere. .City Police Court.—Mcisrs. tamucl, Hayes, and Rosa, Js. IV, presided in this court yester day) bftt tiio business brought before tliem was lot a very unimportant character, consisting of 12 oases for non-compliauco with tho compulsory clau'so of tho Education Act, In the majority of eases tho usual excuses, "played truant, sore ..eyes," etc.,. wero offered, but generally small j fines were inflicted; the excuses not being con sidered good. ."(?. OeugoftVoi v, T. Birkley, claim for money lent'; Mr. Motteram for plaintiff. Order for amount, and los. (id. costs. J. Dowding. y.,J. ,\Vilsqn, goods,. £2 7s. ^ 2d.;, verdict for'amount, with 2s. Gd.-costs, i«ud-'im mediate execution. MISCAMBLE'S WATER-MAIN TAPPING AP- PARATUS.— Mr. T. J. Connelly yesterday pre- sented a petition to the Minister of Mines from the plumbers of Sandhurst and Eaglehawk, re questing' that; the Minister would not hastily decido upon bringing Miscamblo's patent water main tapping apparatus into general use, as the petitioners had reason to beliovo that it would not servo tho convenience of tho public to the extent that had been represented. The Minis ter said ho; would soud the potition to tho City Council; ;with a request that that body would 'forward a recommendation on the subject. Defkaudinu. the .Railways.:—A man giving theuanio of John A. Lyons, was charged, at tho Echuca, 1'olioo Court, on ' Wednesday, with travelling, on the Victorian Railways without a ticket.' It appeared that on tho arrival of the train?from Sandhurst on Tuesday night, tho de fendant;, who Was intoxicated, had no ticket, but oflered tho faro from Rochester. Mr. Francis, tho station-master, explained that .by the'by-laws a prrson travellingwithout a ticket was charged tho faro from the station where the train started, unless he could prove at what station he got in. The bench intlicted a lino of 10S. " ' New Insolvents.—John Begg Martin, of Murchison, agricultural implement maker and blacksmith. Causes of insolvency: Inability to oolleot debts, sickness, and pressure of creditors. Liabilities, £1,127 7s.; assets, £1,07(5 10s. 10d.; deficiency, £50 llis. '2d. ' Mr. James Shaekell, ofiieial assignee.. Francis Balcam, publican, of Shepparton: Causes of insolvency: Dulness of trade, paying too high a rent, bad debts, and pressure of creditors. Liabilities, £224; assets, .£55 ISs."; deficiency, £15S 2s, Mr. John Tur ner, official assignee. John Nelson,lato butcher, now laborer, of Shepparton, in tlio county of Moira. Debts, £30S 6s.; assets, £53 13s. 9d.; deficiency, £252 12s. 3d. Causes of insolvency: T. 1: •'*"**. ^f"ii-]iiiit .'p 11r.s deures sion in tho valno o£ property, and pressure oi creditors,.' Mr, Turner, official assignee. , Tiie Weather.—During Wednesday night a liitle rain fell at intervals, but tho quantity was by lio means what could have been wished, and early yesterday nearly every sign of moisture had disappeared. Yesterday was cloudy and threatening, and once or twice a few drops of rain fell, which, however, could not bo des cribed as showers. . Tho wind was from tho north-east in the early part of tho day, and although tho thermometer did not register any great heat, the air was close and muggy. In the evening the direction of the wind changed to north-west, and the sky was nearly cleared of clouds again before nightfall. The ther mometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s,-Pall Mall, as follows:—"J a.m., 71°; noon, 75°; 3 p.m., 7S°: 6 p.m., 71°; maximum, Sl°; minimum, 04°. Tho barometer at 1) a.m. regis tered 29'2S0; G p.m.. 2'J'M0. Sudden Death at Kekaxu.—Constable O'Dounell reported that a farmer named H. Andrews died suddenly on Wednesday night, at his farm, about nine miles from Kerang.' Mr. Strickland directed a magisterial inquiry to be held. The Eitkci's or Intemphkancic.—Yesterday Mr. Strickland held ail inquest upon the body of the man named Martm Iliues, who was ad mitted into the hospital on Wednesday evening suffering from a severe cut in his wrist, and died early next morning. The evidence of de ceased's son, a boy 12 years of age, was to the eil'ect that 011 Wednesday ovenim; the deceased was drinking in the Junction Hotel, near the White Hills. He left the bar as if to go home, but turned back again, when the door of the publiehouse was shut in his face. He called to be admitted, and threatened to smash the win dows if the door were not opened. He raised his right arm, and put it through the window. The glass cut his right wrist, and blood began to How freely. He staggered 0:1 to the road and fell, when some persons living in the neighborhood eame to his assistance. They tied a handker chief round the wrist, and removed deceased to the hospital in a cab. His injuries were attended to at tile institution, and it was ascertained that there was a wound 2?, inches long in his wrist, which divided the radial artery. The resident surgeon stated that deceased was very noisy and violent during the whole night, and suffered much from intoxication. Two men were unable to held him in bed, and lie had to be tied down. About half-past one o'clock in the morning he died; 1 he cause of death was syncope from loss of blood. Death was ac celerated by the excessive use of drink. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Bendigo Footuall C'i.uj;.—The annual meet ing of the members of the above club, for the j purpose of receiving the report and 'balance sheet for the past year, and electing ofiicers for the ensniug year, will be held this evening at Wills' Temple Court Hotel, at eight o'clock. Ii'Ancv Heap's Ghosts.—The first exhibi tion of Mr. D'Arcy Read's celebrated ghost entertainment takes place to-night attheMasonic Hall. A complete stage and proscenium lias been crccted, and the gcueral appearance of the hall lias been materially altered. The en tertainment is pronounced te bo oue of the most wonderful that has ever visited the colonies. Asaninstance of what science cauefl'ect, Mr. Read is himself, at the latter portion of the entertainment, apparently entirely dissolved in full view o£ the audicuce. The programme to night includes the "Phantom Christys," "A l'arsee ill search of his wife," and "The Haunted House." We are requested to state that there is nothing in the least calculated to frighten or alarm in the entertainment, it being of a highly amusing nature throughout. SANDHURST FOOTBALL CLUB.—Last evening a meeting was held at Collins's Commercial Hotel, Pall Mall, for the purpose of forming a new football club. Mr. J. Jeremy, jun., was voted to the chair, and there were 15 gentlemen pre sent. It was decided that the new club should be called the "Sandhurst Football Club," and that the uniform should be a blue cap, blue knickerbockers, and blue shirt, with narrow red sash, and blue and red striped stockings. The following gentlemen were unanimously elected office-bearers for the ensuing season:— President, the Hon. Angus Mackay; vice-pre sidents, Messrs. J. Jeremy, jun., and F. Macoboy; secretary and treasurer, Mr. E. Cordner; committee of management and match committee, Messrs. S. Kilgour, B. Moffatt, J. G. Smith, Tone, Howell, Palmer, and Holdsworth. The office-bearers to be members ex officio, and five to form a quorum. The subscription was fixed at 5s., and the rules of the Melbourne Football Asso ciation were adopted as the rules of the club. The secretary was instructed to write to the secretary of the Melbourne Association inform ing him of the formation of the club, and to re quest that when the programme for the metro politan clubs was prepared, some matches might be arranged with the Sandhurst Club. The secretary reported that he had received permission from the City Council to use the Upper Reserve on Wednesdays, members of the club only to be allowed to play. Every gentle man present having enrolled his name as a member, a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the meeting terminated. Auruiacii-.ATios. —Letters of administration were granted yesterday in the estatn of the late M. L. King, M.L.A. The value of the deceased gentleman's real and personal property is set down at £3,200. l.V'M.tu Uoi-tDAV Ai' KbR.\sii»—A supplement Id the X*a':xr>ipi announces that Monday next (.St. Patrick's Day) has boon appointed a public holiday at ivorang. The banks, as well, as the public ollioes, will he closed on .that day. Sit.\i.ini: l'lit'lT.—A youngster n?,o:ed Uioluud Uiehardson, .s;*ud U:, \v.« sent out yesterday hy his (neither, who lives at. Hack Creek, tv. iako some cattle to . pasturage. Urchard, during tho day, proved the truth of l.he old ail:igo that " Satan timls some mischief still for idle hands to do," as havin.g sMured the co-operation of a eomp.lhioii, llie pair pro ceeded to the fruit garden u( Mr, Shoard, of; tirassy Fiat. »»d commenced apprOpv?:U'!,'>r the luBcion* Ct'iUttVom the trees. C.'nc Voys had got: A good (}iUlUity - of ^C.'a'S stowed away in their poeT-.eb r.ud stuti'ed into • their shirts .\Miei'. , they were, disturbed by the proprie tor c>{ the fruit garden. Richardson's companion made good his escape, but he himself fell a prey to hi* inordinate apprtito. as he was so loaded with IrftU that Mr. Shuard easily captured llim. iho iS-ato owner ot the . garden i-.onvtyod thi5 culprit into Sai,idl>A>"s* Vvd f>vc Uitil in charge to .pon'stabb'ed!>.'.r'.*o, who locked liin'i.np,, aHd.he \Vi'l l:e brought up at Lhe City Police'Court.this. morning. KICKED BY A HORSE .—A youth named Wm. Ryall, aged 13 years, was brought into Sand hurst yesterday from Milloo, suffering from severe internal injuries. Yesterday morning he was kicked in the abdomen by a horse, and sustained such severe internal injuries that his removal to the Hendigo Hospital was necessi tated, to which institution he was admitted, and his injuries promptly attended to. Dr.ATU at tub llosiTr.u..—John Weddell, aged fit), who was admitted to Uio above insti tution on tin; 18th February, died yesterday from diarrho.'u. "M * y "itt, ^ T'~A Ul1 «f I'oiHt Hot. I ' , :lUl!i51^ View are i.i the A * IU,£' 'AI1 w'«« litest. . *\i!re C':U7!MUi' '^nested to be S.w.k or Booths.—Tiio <„ n 11- . booth at the Jhr,»i» ]• ° .■ !cl"lWlca"s on S VS w,,,ul1 ;lro tobu ■^'aophcrsonXs vil > i- . js to l.o sold at. a.m. ° yari,!J 011 ^turJiiy, at 11.80 S.U.E OK FltEKHOU, PltOJ'KIiTIK's Messrs I' « Sr~,2 ^Sttiisr- rjJsrsiE «Pt»ointcdst!;^iiISaV^trCet* has 5tar,,rRH' a luew ]J,pe (sayS the tWrtc hV/bnnn- of ti n loV'uuL^ mr-mWh --''t-'iii auy ,»e„ti^ °0ntci," lus?!' ;liatrsc,iftt SkSS'^SIS KS^35i3::'= through the Haines. The poor litl'l"°d H S'wTS t0a Police Court. U '■ °1 u U^0,1S «•«!. >'t was stated, „,Cr" witm.,frS' NeM* come into court and swear f t K. '^'10 another woman with whom she Ji-ui" Ji>'aiust fitted £5, with the altennthv f * y N 113 imprisonment. ' ;o '"ontha' A* KXTttAORDIN.UtY CoMt'I.UVI- A facturcr of iurateil u"ih.ri) ' * * 1 , nianu Colin, of Little Collins-street m'"]? A,"il.'KW fe rp thus been enabled to defraud the department. HORSE-STEALING.— At the Rochester Police Court on Wednesday, before Mr. Webster, P.M., James Isseppi and James Taylor were brought up under a writ of habeas from Sand- hurst Gaol, and charged with stealing, on the 23rd of December, 1878, from a paddock at Nanneda, a horse valued at £40, the property of David Rhind. Sub-inspector Archibald con- ducted the prosecution. Taylor pleaded guilty and Isseppi not guilty. The prisoners were un- defended, Five witnesses were examined for the prosecution and the prisoners were com- mitted to take their trial at Sandhurst Assizes on 15th May next. The same prisoners were charged with stealing, about the 1st of January, 1879, a mare from Murchison, the property of James Matien. Five witnesses were examined for the prosecution, and the prisoners were com- mitted to take their trial on the 15th May, as above THE LEVEE.—The attendance on Wednesday '»<»% was tmttSV l,r!:: uf *"« persons presented themselves, but tlx?" ti°° tli« southward later ofwTi' 11 S-!",ft to thunder and a shower of niii i^t0'"lJame however, beii)" menv Hi' 'n "n,cateuing Neither'hca^„g™°op ."in" 1'l°. ^(o^ tlic desire to welcome the new VvT Cr' lcu,kei1 rush of veliiclos in r... G°venior. The areat, and t^TJ"ito» Lad"'M *?** Wns miseries of ii block. cialuic the tary of ;f00ro jon-od the following te^f ?' l.evev, under date Sth'M-ireh-—-«■ H • '■ turned from Belgium and li'UaJ 'ZS'T K' number of exhibits m-.v t,„ , a"a' J™ 'arire countries. Dutch Indies ta'k^St ilTte^T "SuUSS-' vWgs The Lost Boy Watson".—All uncertainty a a to the fate of the boy Xcnophon Watsnn, who had been missing since Saturday last, was set at rest on Wednesday (says the Ar/jiii>) by the dis covery of his body in the River Yarra. Although at lirat it was surmised that he had been kid napped, tho general opinion was that while fishing he had fallen into tho river and been drowned, and such appears to have been tho case. On Wednesday afternoon two men, named 1'eter O'Kcefe and William Watt, found his remains floating in the river, near the punt at Studley-park. The body was removed to his father's house, where an inquest will be held in due course. The Kellys in Melbourne.—The Herald of last night says :—Our police are very vigilant, and are sharply on the look- out for the appear ance of the Kellys, even in Melbourne. As two troopers were walking up Collins-street this morning they met a man with a companion who bore a striking resemblance to Ned and Dan Kelly. At once they assumed that they were the outlaws, and followed them closely, while every now and then they could scarcely sup press reminding one another that £2,000 seemed imminent. Made bold by this thought the troopers joined the would-be Kellys, and coaxed them into the nearest hotel, and treated them, much to the surprise of their companions; and after a good hour's walk with them the pair held a council of war, and decided to let their friends go, as they were sure they were not the Kellys, but much like them. Who can say after this that our police are not vigilant ? A telegram from Duuolly states that the reef in the Hoyal Birthday claim widened out con siderably ou Tuesday, the stone still showing good gold. Mc, Berry and the Banks.—It was cur rently reported on Wednesday (says the Anjus) on good authority, that the banks have received a reply to the telegram which they sent to Mr. Berry last week with reference to the charge made by Mr. Patterson at Footscray. Mr. Berry has worked cordially with the banks, and is indebted to them for their co-operatiou. Etc is evidently surprised that any allegation of a breach of faith on their part should be made, and he exonerates the banks from the imputa tion. Fatal Mining Accident.—A magisterial in quiry was held at Spring Flat on Wednesday on the body of Thomas Jenkin. The Inspector of Miues, who came from Sandhurst to attend the inquiry and give evidence, made an examination of the mine, where the earth fell upon the deceased. It appears that Jenkin was one of a party of tributors, whose time had nearly ex pired. On the day on which the unfortunate accident occurred a shot was put into a block of quartz prior to the tributors going to "crib," and their work was for a little while suspended. Jenkin, after finishing his meal, rose up to look at the quartz, and just while doing so the loosened stone came away and struck him on the hip, causing a fracture of the pelvis, from which injury he sank under, together with ex haustion. When conversing with hi-j friends after the accidcnt he said that no bln.no was attributable to anyone, the fall of stone being one of those calamities that neither he nor his mates could foresee. Dr. Malcolm furnished a certificate as to the cause of death, aud a verdict ■was returned in accordance with the evidence 1 adduced, 