THE LATE SIR MAURICE O'GOXNELL. A telegram from Brisbane notifies the death, at the age of 67 years, of Sir Maurice O'Connell, a native-born Australian, whose early career has been indirectly connected with a remarkable event in the early history of Australia. Historians, in describing the incidents connected with the mutiny of the old New South Wales corps, and the deposi- tion and deportation of the Governor, Admiral Bligh, relate that when Colonel Johnstone and his regiment invaded Govern- ment House, the Governor's daughter, with a drawn sword in her hand, threatened to pass it through the body of the next man that would presume to enter his Excellency's chamber. We are also told that a chivalrous subaltern in that corps attacked the lady sword in hand, and after breaking her arm, succeeded in capturing her father and setting the whole family afloat. Well, that lady, after her return to England, was successfully wooed by a gallant major whose regiment was under orders to proceed to Sydney. Accompanied by his bride, the officer, who attained the rank of lieutenant colonel, sailed with his regiment to New South Wales. That officer and that lady were the parents of the gentleman who died last Sunday at Brisbane, and who was born in Sydney sixty-seven years ago. When Colonel O'Connell's regiment completed u- win of coloiiiul oci-vioc, H ru turned to England, where that sou and two other colonial sprouts were educated, and received commissions in the army. In the year 1835 Don Carlos claimed the Crown of Spain as his right by divine inheritance, assembled a large army in the Basque provinces, and endeavored to set aside the succession of his niece, then an infant, the present exiled Queen Isabella. Lord Palmerston, how ever, resolved that the Constitutional sovereign should be supported in Spain, and bj' the issue of orders-in-Council, Colonel Evans, M.P. for Westminster, was authorised to enlist soldiers in England, Scotland, and Ireland for the service of the Queen of Spain. T?hese recruits were enrolled m regiments, and im iiiiny organised under British officers, who were authorised by the War Office to enter the .Spanish legion without severing their connection with the Imperial army of England. Lieutenant Maurice O'Connell, "then twenty-three years old, joined the legion with the rank of I/ieutariaui-CQionpl, and obtained the com mand of un infantry regiment'. Jt is not necessary to follow the operations of that army further than to state that by the great battle gained by them 011 the 5th May, ] 830, the Crown was iirnily placed 011 the head of the young Queen, her rebellious uncle expelled the kingdom, and that after Sir De Lacy Evans returned to England young O'Connell succeeded to the command ijf the legion. About the year lS.'JO, the father o( i]<e young soldier, was ap pointed commander of the forges in Australia, nnd proceeded to Sydney, accompanied by his eldost son, in the capacity of Military .Secretary and Captain of the 2Sth Regiment. Captain O'Connell, like all natives of this soil, prided himself on the land of his birth, and when an alteration ii) the Constitution of the Legislative Council was effected he became u candidate for tho representation of Sydney, his native oity. Ho and his colleague, Mr. Hustler, a talented young barrister, wore, however, defeated by tho superior claims of Messrs. Wcnt worth and Bland, but not without a conflict, the most memorable in the annals of ■ Aus tralian electioneering contests. Captain O Connell §ul3e<|i:c-ntly obtained a seat in the Council for a country constituency, and liis speeohes on every important measure were distinguished "by good taste, gentle manly bearing, and high oulturo, in an Assembly that possessed such men as liobert Lowe and William Charles Wentworth. After the death of Genoral O'Connoll, tlie Captain, who sold his commission, was ap pointed police magistrate and superintendent of the northern portion of the colon}, with which his public career had been identified to the time of his death. When Queensland was created into a separate colony, he entered the Legislature, and repeatedly tilled the office of Governor during periods of interregnum. He was President of the Legislative Council, which position he tilled for a number of years to the day of his death, and with every subject connected with the well-being of the colony, and the prosperity of tho people, he took an intense interest. At the time the unfortunate and ill-advisad rush to Itockharapton took placo Captain O'Connell personally superintended the relief of the starving miners, and by his indefatigable efforts the forlorn people were saved from destruction, and finally .shipped to the colonies from whence they came, Sir Maurice O'Connell had received the knighthood of St. Michael and St. George for hi a civil services to the State as his father had that of the Br>,th for his military services. With regard to the elder O'Connell's military career, it may not be irrelevant hero to state that lie was not originally an English officer. When the French revolution broke out the young officer was a captain in the French army, and was one ' of the gallant band that with such men as Chateaubriand, joined the emigrants st Coblentz, and enrolled themselves into'a corps to oppose tlu" Republican army m the frontiers. When the low countries wire overrun by the Republican French and ;he emigrant army disbanded, the King of Bigland transferred to his own army such dlicers as were by birth subjects of his Cmvn, with the rank they attained in the service of the unfortu nate Louis the Sixteenth. We are not aware that the lately deceased Sir Maurice O'Connell ever filled any Ministerial office under the Crown in Queensland. However, he was a man of whom all Australian youths should feel a commendable pride. In times of danger, or when the nscessity for displaj' ing his prowess arose, he was as courageous as a lion, but 011 all other occasions he was as gentle as a lamb, land, generous, and one who never forgot a jervice or abandoned a friend. Cablkhi.-am.— Tile -iustraliaii International Exhibition appears to bs attracting considerable attention in England aid on the Continent. Our cablegram informs lis tnat in England a lioyal Commission lias been appointed for the Mel bourne and Sydne,- Exhibitions, H. R. H. the Prince of Wales being President.' The French commttee appointed to con sider the matter d national representation at thft latter exhibition, lias recommended that three distinct committees should be formed, to seetiro ample representation in agriculture, manufactures, and science. A message from Teheran brings the intelligence that upwards of 11;-. persons have been killed in northern Persia by an earthquake, whilst immense destruction of propertj' has resulted from the same cause. With reference to the condi tions of the Berlin treaty, Lord Salisbury has expressed his belief in the English House of Commons that these will be satisfactorily ful filled by the Porte, but in the event of their fulfilment being declined, the intervention of the other powers will be sought with the view of compelling compliance with the treaty. The plague is reported to have again appeared iu Russia, and also in Ji'Uimelia, despite the vigorous measures which have been adopted to repress it. The Seat tor Ci.ake.—From a London telegram which we publish this morning it will be observed that the select committee of the House of Commons appointed to inquire into the matter of Sir Bryan O'Loglilen continuing to hold the seat for Clare whilst occupying the position of a Minister of the Crown in Victoria, lias commenced its sittings. The committee have availed themselves of the presence of Mr. Berry in England, the lion, gentleman having been called as the first witness. Accidentally Dkowxed.—Yesterday after noon a little boy, about three and a half years old, named James liodda, was accidentally drowned in the Kaglehawk stormwater ohaunel. It ap pears that the child, who was the son of Mr. William liodda, mining manager of the South Catherine Reef Company, hail, with his younger brother, tieen playing in the vicinity of the channel, which has lately been improved by the Kaglehawk Council, by timbering the sides. In excavating, for the purpose of laying the timber alongside the side of the channel, trenches were left at the bottom, which after wards became filled with sludge and water. Into one of these the child fell from the top, a distance of about 12 feet, and being unable to extricate himself, wis smothered. It seems that the hole into which he fell had originally been an old shaft or drive, over the edge of which the channel passed. The water running down the creek had apparently percolated through the earth, audcausedthe whole to subside. Had the boy fallen m any other place but that on which ho alighted lie would have escaped. His playmate, almost an infant, was some time in informing his parent!) of the circumstance, and when assistance was procured it was of no avail. Dr. Thorn was sent for, but as the child was already dead he could do no good. About 12 mouths ago the' little fellow had a narrow escape from beiug killed by an empty dray passing over his head and shoulder. An inquest will be held by Mr. .Strickland to-day. The Diamond Drill.—Boring operations were recommenced with the Government diamond drill on the Great Southern lease yesterday, and were successfully carried on during the day, 15 feet being bored through a mixed kind of country, composed of sandstone, slate, and quartz. The quartz is heavily charged with minerals, but so far no gold has been seen in the cores extracted. The machinery is working admirably, and everything is now going on smoothly. Suicide.—Information was received last even ing by the coroner that a man, named Thomas Cavauagh, had committed suicide. No parti culars are to hand, but an inquest will be held. Rev. Joiin Tveuman.—An American paper in a notice of the funeral of Dr. Hallock, a celebrated Spiritualist, after describing the coliin, and naming the mourners and visitors, giving a description of their dress, mentions that " a deep silence fell over the assemblage as Mr. John Tyerman, a converted clergyman of the Church of England, a resident of Australia, arose to deliver the opeuing address. He dwelt upon the piety, the liberality and the justness of the deceased doctor's life. Miss Nellie Brigham, inspirational speaker, was next called upon. She is about 30 years of age, pleasant featured, and has great earnestness uf manner. She wore furs, an ostrich feather in her hat and pretty cameo ear-rings, and sat near the head of the cotlin. Iu response to the request, she arose and prayed that the hope held out to the de ceased doctor in this life might be realized in that which was to come. This life was only the promise of the full spiritual life that awaited the believer. After Miss Brigham bad conclude:! her prayer she preached an inspira tional sermon from the text—1 Behold, I send ye the comforter, the spirit of truth.'" This must refer to the llcv. Tyerman, who was at one time in holy orders at Kangaroo Flat. D'Akcv Head's Ghost.—There was a fair attendance at the Masonic Hall last evening, when the same programme as on Monday was repeated. This evening "Fast, Present, and Future" will be performed for the last time, and all who have not seen this novel entertainment should not fail to do ao. St, Ja.ml\s's Hall.—Tlie variety oompany now performing at the above hall appeared for the second time before a Sandhurst audience last evening, when an excellent programme was presented. Mdlle. Gracie "repeated her per formance of the previous evening on the Hying trapeze in the same graceful and easy manner as when she first appeared in this city some time ago. Miss Kate Ramsdeu was very successful iu her hornpipes and skip ping-rope dancing, as also was Mr. 1''. Summers iu his negro song and dance. Mr. Holland appeared in the ' descriptive song, " Hocked iu the cradle of the deep," which he rendered in good aty.'e, Hadj Hamo, who is so well kuown in connection with circus per formances, gave an exhibition of his wonderful abilities as a tumbler. There will be an entire change of programme this evening, and the Olma Brothers arc to appear. The Kangaroo Nuisance.—Iu the neigh borhood of Burnt fiully, Uqnjaroos h;iyc lately been very plentiful, This is a scrubby district, about eight miles from Sandhurst, aud affords capital euvor for the tripods. They have been very destructive to tfie growing crops during the past season, particularly those of Messrs. Hogg and Howard. The farmers in the locality named would appreciate the services of a few energetic sportsmen to reduce their numbers. Kabbits are also very numerous, and would afford good sport. Their destruction would benefit the landowners, who are beginning to complain of the ravages they mate iu the gar dens and orchards. ' The W'kathkk."—A delightful change occurred in the state oi the feather yesterday, which from being exceedingly warm during the pre rious night was much cooler yesterday, through a change of wind which took place in the early morning. From all appearances the weather to day should be all that can bo desired. "As Ithkbsj Sek Us."—The Qtelomj <4rfra tiser commences a leading article as follows :— "The furthcoming Industrial Exhibition at Sandhurst promises to be one of those brilliant successes which indicate the presence in a district of a considerable amount of local rmergy and patriotism. The inception of it was undoubtedly due to the unlooked for patronage that was accorded to the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition ' at Ballarat, something losa thrill a year ago; and although it was a bold veutin'u to follow ao closely upon a first effort of this character, there appears to be very little doubt but Sandhurst will reap a rich reward for its enterrprise. Tho entries are very numerous, and the most strenuous efforts have been made, combined with great liberality iu the management of the affair, to secure a profitable result-; It is, in fact, to be nothing less than a groat Industrial Carnival, surrounded witji alj. tho eclat to be obtained from the pre sence of fier Majesty's represenfcstivfl and his ministers, and tho loca] abandonment for the time being of all other pursuits for the triumph of the one graud object, of exalting the oity iu the eyes of visitors to an important position in the industrial system of the country." • Ajj-T Union*.—A collection of paintings by Mr. M. L. Hogg of colonial scenery, etc.. in oil, watercolora and colored crayons, valued at £300, are now on view at the exhibition, and after its close will be disposed of by art union, tickcts ono shilling each. Promenade Concert.—This evening at eight o'clock there will be a promenade concprt held in the orduriy-room, View-street, Correction,—Our oompouipora managed to make-an awful mull of the Latin heading s the Her. Owen Davy's letter, whioh appeared in our issue of yesterday. Tha well-known quotation "Qnem Dens vult perdtrt, prii/s demenltit" wag made utter nonsense of. City Police Court.—A man named Charles Genat, arrested on warrant, was charged at this court yesterday with being about to desert his child at Ballarat, and was remanded to appear there on Wednesday. Emma Mclntosh, on re- mand, was charged with having assaulted Emma Jane Clark on the 13th inst., and also with hav- ing on the same day broken three panes of glass valued at 6s., the property of the said Emma Jane Clark. Mr, Ellis appeared for the prisoner, but as the prosecutrix did not answer when called, the prisoner was discharged. The Mayor and Mr. Osborne, Js. P., were on the bench. Kaulkhawk Police Court.—Messrs Kirk wood and Thomas were 011 the beuch at this court yesterday. The business trausactcd was unimportant. M. Lynch was lined 2s, (3d. for cutting timber on Crown lands under 12 inches iif diameter. Fines were indicted upon several persons for not seuding their children to school. Xew TeleoijaI'H OfWES.—A uiniuo from the local telegraph oiiice informs lid that tele graph otii.jes are now open for public business at \Vahgmiyah, Ruthergleii, and Dandeuoug rail way stations. The Sydney Leoek and (.Sold Cop.—The close approaching great events of the A.J.C. are attracting a fail- amount of interest here. For the Leger a shade of odds is accepted about Bosworth. For the Gold Cup, Bosworth and Tocai are in most request. .Mr. Alfred Joseph sends us the latest quotations:—Sydney Leger — 5 to 4 Bos worth (tk.) Gold Cup—4 to 1 Bos worth, 10 to 1 Toc.il, 10 to 1 Chester, 10 to 1 Savanaka, 12 to 1 K.C.B., 12 to 1 Trump Yoss. From 20 to 1 others. The Den'tliqui.v Paces.—The Deniliquin races take place to-morrow (Thursday) :uul Friday. Although the fields are not verj' large, capital sport i3 anticipated. Cowarie and Alarm, are the favorites for the Deniliquiu Cup. and Handicap. Royal Albert Quadrille Club.—The usual fortnightly meeting will be held at the Odd fellows' Hall this evening. Excursion Traixs.—Several Government no tices relative to the running of excursion trains during the Easter holidays appear in our adver tising columns. The New Lead.—We are requested to call attention to an advertisement in another column of special lines in drapery at the establishment of Messrs. Tho3. Sloane and Co., of the New Lead, Mitchell-street. New Insolvent.—Francis M'Manus, farmer, of Terrick Terriok west. Causes of insolvency— Losses in stock and crops during the three last years, arising from deficiency iu grass and crops. Liabilities, £27G; assets, £9S los.; deficiency, £177 7s. 7d. Mr. James Shackell official assignee; Mr. A. 0. Akehursfc attorney. Ackicui/i'URal Show.—This is the last day for receiving entries for the Bendigo Agricul tural Society's Autumn Show, which is to be held on Friday and Saturday next. Suddek Death.—Another of our old and respected Ballorat identities has passed over to "the gieat majority" (says tiie Courier), a telegram having been received on Monday evening tliat Mr. John Cairns, lately cairying on business as a produce dealer ill Peel-street, had died suddenly at his selection near EaM Charlton. The message did not give the cau.: of death, but it may he stated that the deeeas 1 left Ballarat three weeks since in vigorous health. The Premier's Constituency.—Geelong baa 110 reason to complain of a want of attention in tiie matter of the expenditure of public money. It intends to suffer no neglect from the absence of Mr. Berry from the colony. The erection of a new railway station has been commenced at " the Pivot," and new police barracks are also, it appears, to be provided for this fortunate town. The Adcerliwr says :—a sum of £1,250 was voted last session for the construction of new police quarters at Geelong. The attention of the Government has been called to the neces sity of proceeding at once with this work, and tenders, we are informed, will be soon called for the erection of the buildings. Religion (Fashionable) at a Prf.mii;.\i.— The pews in Henry Ward Beecher's church, in Brooklyn, have rented this year for 40,7-1 dollars.' A writer in an Americau paper writes:— " Two hundred and eighty-one lawyers in Con gress. Who wonders that the laws enacted get. so mixed ?" Tun Cincinnati Organ.—The great organ in the famous ilusic Hall in Cinoinnati is one of the greatest ami liuest in the world, the most remarkable curiosity in America, ami a superb example of art industry. It covers a space lifty feet wide by thirty feet deep, and is sixty feet high. Thus it will be seen it is the size of two of our ordinary city dwelling houses. This large area is filled with all the complicated, delicate mechanism, for the production of sound, known to human skill and ingenuity. Standing within the screen which incloses this wonderful organ, the eye gazes upon a hundred miles of " trackers," These are thin strips of wood, which lead from the organist's seat to the different pipes. There are 0,237 of these pipes, and to the uniustnicted observer, as he sees them rising in every direction, some not more than an inch in length, others thirty-two feet, there appears nothing but confusion, but 'when the master organist, who knows each stop and every combination of the maker's skill, touches the keys, out from these silent throats pour wondrous melody and perfect harmony. There are live organs in the Cincinnati organ. Tlie.se are:—1. The Great Organ, which has 22 complete registers and 22S pipes. 2. The Swell Organ, with 19 complete registers and 1.70S pipes. 3. The Choir Organ, with 17 complete registers aud 1,0SI pipes. 4. The Solo Organ has 7 registers, 3G6 pipes aud 32 bells. 5. The Pedal Organ has 26 complete registers and GOO pipes. And there are 15 mechanical registers. Making in all 00 re gisters, 0,237 pipes, 32 bells, . and 14 podal movements. The Oaklkigh Railway.—It is notified (says the that although t!\e railway from Melbourne to Oaklei'gh \yill be opened on the 2nd of April next, the Jiue will not be avail able for heavy traffic or for qattle, but only for passengers, parcels, and the mails. This regu lation will continue until further -announce ment. Phylloxera.—The Oastlemaine Representative reports that Mr. Woinaralci, one of the Govern ment inspectors of vineyards, is i\t present in that district, visiting :ind examining the dif ferent vineyards in order to ascertain if they are affected by the phylloxera. It is satisfactory to learn that so far he lias nor, discovered the slightest trace of the scourge, although he 11..3 subjected the vines examined to the strictest scrutiny. He expects to be joined by Mr. Crlghton, another of the inspectors, when they will continue their duties together. Arrest of A Supposed Forger.—The Bilia rat Stni• states that a man named Hugh Ware was arrested at Beaufort ou Monday on sus picion of having passed forged pheoues latuly at Rallar.-.t A movement is being made at Stawell for the establishment of a woollen factory in that town. The Ca^tlnnaiue Representative states that the contractors for sinking the shaft for the re covery of the diamond drill, etc., have made good progress. On Saturday last they had bared 2 feet or the rods, and had only J feet to sink to out the auriferous leader passed through in bcring, A Venturesome Boy.—The Geelong Aduer tixer states that a son of Mr. A. M'Williams, Bellarina, who, a short time ago, following the example of some older hoys in jumping through a tire, got his arm so severely burnt that his life was despaired of, has U'nv met with another accident by breaking his arm while using a jumpiug-polo to go over a fence of his own ereyt. ing. i'KLifjious IssTKUCTias.—At the opening or the new" State school at Goolwa, on the 14th inst., his Excellency Sir William Jervois (says the South Aii.<lralian 1'njhler) made the follow ing remarks on the subject of religious instruc tion in schools:—"I was nuif.h plef.aed ftt some remarks made recently by the 'Arohdeaoon of Castlemaina in reference to the charge that State education was wanting in religious in struotion. The arciideaoon said lie had always found that thoso children who came from the State schools were the most satisfactory pupils in the Sunday schools. That remark was in ellect [repeated by the Rev. Mr. Hoetor on a recent occasion -when a Sunday school wai opened at Norwood. I think that alone is a satisfactory point. But I may go still further, and say that from what I have observed in the books used in our State schools there is not that absence of the religious element that many people suppose to tje the qase, (fjear, hoar.) These hooks are permeated by a recognition of God and His providence. And it it is desired to go further in regard to religious education in State sohools, and if, as I think it possibly may be, thero is a common ground oil which different denominations may meet, I would venture to make one recommendation. Don't talk about it, but do it. Now, in saying this I do not want to throw the apple of discord into the system of State education. Far from it, I believe the be3t has been done that could bo done hitherto. But if it be possible to meet oil lino r;o!nn)OQ grpjiud it) regard to religions education, let $oir,e out* ^hQ^is gajsaljle—who has nothing Qt the partisiju element aljqut him, and who has the rfc'cjiiisite rjnalitkitioi}s-T=spt to work and prepare a hook in whio'u ohaptera of the Bible that may be read in schools, prayers that may be prayed, and hymns that may be sung, may be collected together, and let him refer that book to the different denominations for any observation:! they may have to n^ke on it, If it be possible tq'meet qn ono cqt^moq grqurjd, I believe that wquid be the best way to' da it. (£fear( hear,) Possibly the book might at first be roughly treated by oijq deiioininatioi), and aiiotlier might wiah a, certain elepieiit ejiipi* natod, but eyentqitlly 3 book might be pro duced sfttisnictavy to Anglicans, Honvaqists, Wedleyans, Congregationalists, and all' ether denominations that we have in- this thriving community." A Complaint.—The following is a copy of a letter which 1ms boon forwarded 'o ns, with a request- for its publication: —" M '< 'nllueh ami (Jo.'s "office.—Sandhurst, :25th Maivh. 1ST1.'.— To the Executive CommiEttv of the Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition.—fleritlemen,--Being in formed by our manager that you have refused to grant him a season ticket, although we have contributed the necessary amount {£.'} 15s.) to entitle the donor to sucli ticket, we do not see why a distinction should be made between the managers of Kinks (who do not contribute per sonally) and our manager, both b, in:,' public companies, and can only arrive at the conclusion that, in the hurry and bustle li'veasdrily attendant oil the proper organisation of liie exhibition, you may have failed to jjive his application the consideration which you would otherwise have done.—We remain, your obedient servants, per J. M "Callum, Auditor." The Herald reports that Mr. Ilaudlield, chief clerk of the Education Department, has sulli ciently recovered his health to admit of bis re suming bia dutits. The rabbits and hares (says the (J/filowi Ad vertisa) are doing great destruction in the Bellarine Cemetery. The new made mounds on the graved are as neatly levelled as if dune by the spade orshovol, and the animals are burrow ing below the tombs to a Had extent. Tiik lvKFOHM Leacuk Imlifiooua—A special meeting of the council of the Reform League was held on Monday night with regard to the payment of the salary of the late assistant secretary, Mr. E. Elliott. A letter was received from Mr. Elliott's solicitor, threatening pro ceedings if the amount (£10 Is. od.) were not paid forthwith. After some discussion, in which some members expressed dissatisfaction with the manner in which the business of the league had been conducted, it was decided to pay the money in full by means of asubscription among the members. Mr. Longmore, it was stated, had promised £10 towards satisfying Mr. Elliott's claim. Sir. Yeoinans, it is said, has sent in his resignation as secretary of the league, and the question of its acceptance will be decided at a meeting of the council to be held on Thursday next.—Antus. Stamping Lf.hai. 'Docii-mknts.—It may not lie generally known (says the Aryim) that where documents used in judicial proceedings have been insufficiently stamped under the Stamp Act, the courts, although allowing the docu ments to be used, may impose a penalty. On Monday when a case was called oil. in the Supreme Court, the clerk drew the attention of the judges to the fact that one document ha<l not been stamped. The Chief Justice asked what penalty should be imposed. Defendant's counsel was of opinion that the Court should dismiss the case, but the other side objected to such a strong measure being adopted. Mr. Justice Barry thought au extra fee would be sufficient puuishment, and at fast the document was allowed to be used on the appellant affixing a stamp of double the ordinary amount— namely, £1 instead of 10s. Dr. Beasev axd tiik Mf.dicai. Profession.. A meeting of medical meu was held on Monday evening at the Victoria Club to take into con sideration the action of the Medical Society in the case of Dr. Beaney. The meeting (the 'l'dtgraph reports) challenged the right of the Medical Society, or any section of it, to repre sent a body.of more than 500 practitioners, and deprecated their presumption in this and other instances. The following resolutions were agreed to unanimously by the meeting:—I. "That this meeting of independent medical practitioners protest, in the strongest maimer possible, against the unwarrantable assumption and presumption of the Medical Society, at a meeting of that body held on the 19th instant, to represent the medical profession of Victoria, or to censure any medical practitioner not a member, as it presumed to do in the case of Dr. Beaney and 2. "That a copy of the foregoing resolutions be forwarded by the next overland mail to the editors of the various journals, the medical schools and hospitals, and to the different licensing bodies in the United King dom, and also to the General Medical Council, and to the Provincial Medical Councils for England, Ireland, and Scotland." .Scholarships.—The results of the exami nation for the Perry Scholarship, which was held last week at Trinity 'College, were an nounced on -Monday The scholarship (says the A rgux) has been awarded to Mr. C. j. Shields, commoner of the college; pro.rime accesstrunt, Mr. N. Vance, Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne, and Mr. John James, i'allarat College. The classic:'.! scholarship of the Mel bourne University has this ;\ear been won by Mr. William Dutton "p,A , of Trinity College, Melbourne. The winner, who has also carried olF first-class honors, is a son of Mr. Hubert Dutton^ oi Geelojii;, and was educated at the Geelong College, from which lie matriculated in November, 1S73. He has since been prosecuting his studies at the Melbourne University, and is ai present engaged as classical master in the Geelong College. Jones, who lias carried at matriculation the classical exhibition, ami who is returned as nearly equal for the mathematical, is a Scotcii College lwy. lie passed the matriculation examination in December, 1S77, on which occasion he was the highest in the whole list of candidates, having ['assed in nine subjects, with " well " in seven, a result which at our University was attained only on one otlie; occasion. He was dux of the college last Christmas, carrying The. Arytis prize. He is just 17 years of age. Coach Accident. — Another accident (the correspondent of the Aryun says) happened to the Yackandandah coach on Monday. Whilst going down hill, the brake would not act, and the horses bolted. A passenger named Taylor, truant inspector for the district, being frightened jumped out, and fell on his head and sustained fracture of the skull. He was; at tended by. Dx. Fox, and is still in an unconscious state. The coach came in contact with a Waggon. One of the horses was killed on the spot, and the driver thrown out, but not badly hurt. The coach was smashed. " Unsf.kmly Conduct.—Mr. Burnett addressed q meeting on the square fronting tho Bridge Hotel, Kcliuca, on Friday evening. After sing ing a couple of hymns Mr. Burnett proceeded to deliver an address udou the evil results of horse-racing. \\\'UUa,t a.o engaged, says the Kiveriq$ l£eralil, several mombers of the book fraternity appeared on the scene, and made themselves offensive by , interjecting remarks of an offensive nature, attempting to burlesque the mission of Mr. Burnett, treatment to which he has never been subject to before in Echuca. The subject being the white horse, dark horse, red horse and black horse, the book makers again chimed in with their vernacular, offering to lay odds on the various colore d horses, and to take them in doubles, policeman pre sent warned them to keep. aud Mr. Bur nett also requested tUnt they would not inter fere, and his remarks were greeted with ex pressions of approval by tho°e congregated, and the mefeting continued quietly, the mal contents soon after taking their departure. TfiOtJ'i' Ova,—The trout ova brought out from England by Dr. Whitcombc, of Ballarat, in the s.s. Durham, were lauded 011 Monday (says the Argus) and were sent packet) in ioe to Ballarat by the evening train, TI10 ova number in all 21,000, of which 20,000 were obtained by Dr. Whitcumbe for Sir Samuel Wilson, from the fish-breoding establishment of Mr. Parnaby, at Borrodaile, Cumberland. The trout from which they were obtained are of the small mountain species, which it is considered desirable to cross with the kind hitherto imported, which grow to a great size. 'file other thousand were given to Dr. Whitcombc by Mr, Frank Buckland. These came from I,or<l Exoter's, liungeriord, and the fislj ura described as being of a very line variety. Sir Samuel Wilson's consignment will be hatched at. Ercildoune, but arrangements have been made for hatching the smaller quantity in the ce'.lar of the BaUarat West town -hall. Dreadful AcctRES-y.—Qu Monday a dread ful acoU\e'\t occurred at tho foundry of the Alliance Company of Engineers, Latrobe-street, to a blacksmith named John O'Brien, twenty three years of age, living in King-street. The unfortunate man, it appears, was engaged at his anvil, when the youth who was striking for him mi-sed his blow, the result being that the sledge-hammer descended upon O'Brien's head, inflicting a fearful contused wound. The sufferer was admitted into the Melbourne Hos pital.—Telegraph. The Official Telkor.vms. — The latest development of the official telegram business is interesting. We see by our exchanges that Mr. Berry's messages are now sent to the various intercolonial newspapers supplied by the Aus tralian Press Agency (which has its headquarters at the Afie office). Thus the telegrams' paid for by the Victorian public are actually hawked about the sister colonies as pare of the stock-in trade of the Ministerial journal's press agency. —A rnus. Interesting; Exhibit.—The .-1. Mail men-, tions that a very pretty ami ingenious piece of mechanical work was forwarded to Sandhurst on Monday by the noon train. It came from Ballarat, and consisted of a working model of a quartz crusher. The 12 head of stampers, the driving apporatus, steam engine, boiler, ripples, blankets, and iu fact everything connected with the \VOrH'P" of tljp machinery was in order. Thia alone (our contemporary sayt-) should bo worth seeing at the exhibition. Accident. —The Beech worth correspondent of the Art/as says a serious accident happened on Monday evening to Mr. W. L. Ziiiehe, the -.veil- , known solicitor. He was ascending a ladder to a loft, where he kept pigeons and rabbits, \v<tli a child, and got to the ton of the ladder and depqsitgd thp fihi!4 in the loft, but Vvhilat stepping irom the tqp rung of the ladder it swayed, and he fell to the ground, a distance of 14ft. Three ribs '-wi'e broken, and it is t"ei\r<?4 theve are other iujuviw, On Sionday it man named Sehultz, when, foaaioking ill an old, shaft at the Two-mile, near Duechwar'tl), found, the skeleton of a linn in a drive. Dr. Bobbyn thinks the bones have b^eu, there two years. 