BALLARAT. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. BALLARAT, February 7. "What is left of me by tho broiling sun, I devote for a brief space to your service. There is nothing here but smoke and absorbing throats and bodies fast perspir ing. They do not lard the lean earth, for iilfthe fat has been fried out of them by the torrid heats of the last week, and they are netting brittle, and only saved from actual collapse into infinite and vaporous space by rapid applications of water, wine, brandy, or other liquids. The lean and thirsty people look upon the very scarce f,tt and jolly one as ghouls, who are absorb ing their lost moisture, and the fat and jofly ones look with horror upon the thin as having emptied themselves of hated superfluous uuutuousness and laden them with an intolerable and greasy fardel of misery. For my own part 1 have taken a week's lease of oucof the corporation shower baths, and, as soon as this letter is sent off, I shall go and sit under my own tap and sprinkler until the earth has spun itself into a more temperate portion of the all involving ether. I have been looking up my rudimentary astronomy, and find that we have been bounding along pretty fast lately towards cooler places, and in spite of present infernal rates I confidentiy anticipate lower readings beforo long, and so I sweat and hope. What a blessing it would be if Mr. Longmore had a sunstroke, or was sub limed into invisible inaudible gas, instead of increasing our heated troubles just now by talking incoherent grammar and rabid " liberalism " ac Camperdown. Why should he compel us to read nonsense 1 Can he not take his salary and be quiet ? Surely, the weather is enough to bear, without Lougniore speeches added to the cross. It is fortunate for the spirits that they wear very light clothing, are, in fact, better off than we, if we could doff our muddy vesture of decay, and sit in our bones. True, D'Arcy Bead's ghosts have suc cumbed to the weather or something else, and are no more seen o'mghts now at the. Academy of Music, but the_ angels who niiuister at seances and circles are, it seems, as lively as grasshoppers this hot weather. Nor is that all. If they are not ponderous and fat like Falstaff, they may bo like him in a causative power, for they not only move, but are the cause of motion in others. At least it is so if all I hear be true. It is said that a " far gone" spiritist, as my dear friend the solid editor of the Courier would say, who is one of the local marksmen for young ideas learning to shoot, had lately a message from the departed lady who once was his son's brief divinity. The son is in Italy, the lady in Hades and elsewhere. One night she wa? here and proved her identity by wearing ( a well known diamond ring. She told the father she had an important communica tion to make, but it must be done at a piucc 101) miles off ou the seaboard. The f.ither went, and, it is said, came back a sadder man. To one thing constant never, the lady spirit had forgoiien her appoint ment, which was the more exasperating as visible fathers of absent sons do not travel so cheaply as invisible disembodied sweet hearts of absent sons, and as said sweet heart's marble bust in the National Gallery did, in some sort, pledge her to recollection, to fidelity, to punctuality.and so forth by demanding that she should not be forgotten, it is to be hoped this seeming fiirt will reappear and give a sa tisfactory explanation. Possibly the whole story is a parable and nothing more. Heareu only knows. One thing, it is said, lays heavy upon the 8p;nt, and that wa3 her father's disinheriting her elder and married sister, apropos of which the Ballarat father of the sou in Italy was to carry a message from " the other side" to Ihe disinheriting father, a message of mercy, of reproach, oi beseeching in the interest of the disinherited. Let us hope there is something in that at any rate, something operative in sn aperient sense upon the money bags of the stem disin- j heritor. The money bags of Mr. Hansen, the old Adelaide settler, who lent a lot of thousands to people here, and came to reside here, are said to have facilitated his escape hence to the place whence, according to that much prevaricating witness, the Bard of Avon, no traveller returns. An enlarged liver and an abnor mally adipose heart may liave stood accountable for the transition, but gossip will have it that anxiety touching some only partially secured thousand* hastened the business. I am told he loaned six thousands to one of our church elderfi,and felt it much, but I :un sure that if the de parted will come for his money 3 he will be paid every shilling with interest. But wnether people borrow or lend, pay or cheat, live or die, brides or bridegrooms and bride cakes are constant phenomena. Bishop Thornton this week did the fateful business at the pro Cathedral for l>r. Hudson's neice, Misa Eastwood, and Mr. Gilbert, son of the squatter, of Warwillah, in Riveriua. The Church was'filled, flowers were strewn about the pathway of the bride and her maids, the bishop and niauy guests were at the after feast at the I doctor's l;ousi, and the newly niarrie' left i I >r Melbourne, Gippsland a id Wai will th. ■ About the same time widow er Wlritehuad, 3 of the post office, married widow Dudeney, ■ , the deed being done at the Mission Hall, { 1 y the Rev. J. Walker, ?nd followed by a \- friendly tea fight on the couvincini; ground r i self. '■ • ;:'-:' - ■■■ .■■■■■■ •■ *>.-■■•■■.,■ • DidltellyouthataRaMCreektchool. \- master, named Davoren, had been brought J up before Judge Hackett, at the General ? Sessions, for alleged indecency? If not I let me tell you now that he was, that Li was acquitted, and that over a hundred 3 people had signed a dec'aration of hii re l spectability, which declaration Davorea i handed to the judge m soon a* the jarjr t Sftid '" not guilty/' , " ! 