^BM Jennifried. A DEVONSHIRE CHRISTMAS LEGEND. I.— Waiting. ' Wby comes be not ? Be still, poor trembling heart, Not this tor craven doubt or Seta tbc time, Yet from mine eyes the rebel tears will start, Ae soft and clear the ivied belfries chime Their notes of joy Across the enow-wrapt lea, To where At* borne o'erlooks the stormy sea. ' Upon the well the crimsoned berries peep - From out their clusfring homes of glossy green; Yet fails my Auberiey his tryst to keep. From eadd'ninc thoughts my weary heart to screes. Can he be f alee? Oh 1 no, it may not be. And yet— and yet— why comes he not to me T ?? Ob 1 glad the dream of bliss when first he came That happy Christmas Dav to breathe his love Could I refuse the heart he dared to claim, Or coldly deem that he could traitor prove, Or, when my scarf around his arm I tied, Heed not the vows that in my ears he sighed ? ' The snow descends not swifter than my tears, From me the wot Id seems shrouded by a mist, 1 wish mv love were here— these gloomy tears Would'flee as my pale cheek he fondly kissed. But no, it may not be— as fades the light So droope my hope and cometh sorrow's night. ' Bat hark ! Was that his charger's tramp ! Again The lingering hopes within my heart arise ; AIsf ' twas but the loosened casement pane ; Be cometh not to glad mine aching eyes. My heart grows faint— low sinks my feeble breath— a liarkncee veils mine eyes— can this be death !' II.— Bbtbayed. The fierce contending winds have ceased their strife, Ko longer reign the ghost-white, frosty hours, tyricp's gentle touch bath waken'd unto life The blossoms sweet that herald Summer's flowers, While through the woodland's lone and maxy grove Tbc feathered swain trills forth his note of love. ' Uuick, bring me, girl, my gems. With pearls I'll bind The truant curls that cluster o'er my breast, Where gleams the jewell'd gift— with dreams enshrin'd Of blitsful hours when I knew not unrest. Raid they bis love, inconstant, sought but change! They knew him not ; irom me he ne'er couid range. ' True, true, we saw him not when Christmas-tide To me brought pain and sobbings in the dark ; lie dared not leave his thrcaten'd monarch's Bide, When treason made that king its crafty marK. And -why should 1— a simple maiden— trace Falsehood and ecorn in truth and honour's face ? ?' See, girl, where slopes the cliff towards the sea, A horseman rides with bold and fiery speed. fast throbs my yearning heart— 'tis he, 'tis he ! At last, my Auberiey, I'm blest indeed— Forgotten all my silent grief— my weary pain— The world to me with joy is bright again. ' 1 hear his step— swift up the castle stair He hastes, with Love's own strides, his bride to greet; No more the lying tongue of hate may dare Surround his name with whisp'rings of deceit. A knock— come, come, my love ; I'll not upbraid— What now T A note ! Not here. ! Good Uod ! betrayed ! ' III.— Revenge. **On, on, my men; each sheathless blade of steel This day must pierce a hated foeman's breast, — : My hand the fate of Auberiey shall seal, And smite with fcorn his foul dishonoured crest. Woe, woe to him the hour when I mv glaive Flung down beside my murdered darling's grave. ' Quick, close your ranks ; his troops the villain leads — Charge, comrades, boldly charge— tor vengeance fight— Ha ! Auberiey, thine heart its courage needs— Thy dastard soul hath lost its vaunted might, — Have atthee now— an injured father's hand 'Gainst tbee doth sternly point the vengeful brand. ' Aye, well thy cheek may whiten in its fear— To thy false words a prey my darling died; A wanton's smile to thec wcrt far more dear Than love of her who on thy truth relied — Who, dying, blessed thec with her ebbing breath— Whose childless sire doth strike thee to thy death. ' Down, traitor, to the dust— there .'—there J— and there ! No more from earth thy bleeding form shall rise ; Unmoved I mark thec writhe iu dread despair— Thy fun'ral hymn my soldiers victor cries. K'cn as she died, so shalt thou die— thy bed The cold damp ground — a stone to rest thine head. ?*? At hist hclieth cold and stark, and I— A rebel lord— must wander to and fro, A price upon my head, and focmen nigh, No more the sunny sweets of life to know. The outlnw's bitter fate my lot must be— Igo, I go— farewell, ye walls of l*e.' JOIIX PLUMMER. 