CHUBCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. Tne* session ol the Synod of the Church of Kngland in the diocese of Adelaide, incorpo rated, was formally opened on Tuesday, May 13. The Right If ev. Dr. Short. TjOrri Rinhnn nf A Aa Jaide, celebrated Holy Communion at 11.30 a.m. at St. Peter's Cathedral, abont sixty persons (clergy and laity) partaking of the Sacrament;. The anthem was given oat hy the Rev. C. Beam, M.A., and Canons Fair, Coombs, and Dr. Dendy also officiated at the service. The musical portion of the service consisted of the offertory sentences by Barnaby and the Kyrie Eleieson, Mr. Boult being the presiding organist. The Lord Bi=hop then delivered as follows the Pastoeax Addhess, 1879. Eev. and dear Brethren— It Is a subject with me of devout gratitude that I am permitted, towards the dose of my seventy-seventh year, once more to be present in the Synod of this Diocese. Still more, that the infirmities of advancing age have not yet rendered me in capable of taking an active interest ia ita husinets. . On my reappearance among yon, I think I may honestly congratulate you on the fact that, notwithstanding many importan changes, the Diocese has in nowise lost it character for ability in its clergy or administra tive power in the Vicar-General and the Synod. 'Under the loss of three incumbents the heavy task ?was imposed on the former of keeping together _ congregations and supplying divine services in .outlying churches. It was, how ever^ accomplished with fair success, partly by the aid of the Kev. G. H. Farr, as Missionary Chaplain, and by the accession from England to the clerical body of Messrs. Dodd, Orchard, Elcum, and Bedell Stanford; partly also by the kind assistance of lay readers, as well as the considerate forbearance of parishioners. I cannot but consider myself highly favoured when, in the course of a few months' visit to England, I was enabled to procure the assistance of four able clergymen and three laymen well trained in the profession of education. The public objects of my visit to England were — 1. Attendance at the Lambeth Conference. 2. Selection of clergy for the Diocese. 3. Selec tion of a head and other masters for St. Peter's Collegiate School ; and 4 (very unexpectedly), also of a Classical Professor for the University J*f Adelaide. I proceed to make a few remarks o\ those points which more especially concern Cxtr Church. THE COITFXBBKCB AT rAVBBTS will undoubtedly occupy a very important place in the religious history of the Anglo-Saxon Churches. It marks an era in the Reformed Christianity of Great Britain as well as of America. Since the day when the northern nations of Europe made their publio protest against the doctrinal errors of the Church of Borne, and the usurped authority of the Papal See, no such meeting of 100 prelates— all from reformed branches of the Catholic and Apos tolic Church — has been held. In the earlier part of this century, indeed, no such assembly -was possible. The Erastian subjection of the National Church to the State in England during the eighteenth century prevented our American Jbrethren, members of the Anglican Church, from benefiting by the missionary zeal or super vision of Bishops. Slowly and painfully did the demand for such an extension of the episco pate extort from a reluctant Government that essential element of a complete ecclesiastical organization. The present centnry has wit nessed the rapid growth of that Order in the Anglo-Saxon Churches. Eighty-six Bishops have been consecrated to sees or missions in various parts of the heathen world, while, at the present time, sixty-five Bishops in the United' States preside over sees erected during the century which followed the Declaration of Independence in 1776. Of this episcopate, co extensive, with the globe, 100 Bishops complied with the invitation of the Archbishop of Canter bury to meet him in conference at Lambeth on July 2, 1878. From Pekin and the various sees along the coast of Asia, Australasia, India, Africa, America (North and South), the West Indies to the Falkland Islands, as well as from Columbia, in the Northern Pacific, the represen tatives of the Reformed Anglican Church (colonial and American) were permitted, in the good Providence of God, to meet the Bishops of ?England, Ireland, and Scotland and take counsel together, after offering up united prayer for the extension of our Lord's kingdom upon earth. It was indeed worth a voyage over half the world to meet the men who composed this great assembly — great not only in numbers, bat greater still in character, ability, learning, and the refinement of Christian courtesy. Apart from the interest thus awakened, the manifest result of such a meetiDg, before half a week had passed, was the cordial and entire union of mind and heart among those who, but a few days before, bad been mostly unknown to each other in person, if not in name. The brotherhood of Christ was felt to be, not an idea and name only, but a realized happiness. The complete union of the Anglo-Saxon Churches was thus sealed for ever, not by the dead pres sure of external and usurped authority, bat by a felt inward conviction that we all had ' one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism ; one God and Father of all, who was above all, and through all, and in us all.' With the modesty, however, becoming those who felt that they were only a portion of the universal episcopate, the results of our delibe rations were not sent forth in the form of an Encyclic Letter demanding implicit assent and obedience ; rather were they commended to the faithful as the conclusions of prayerful deli berations, ' speaking the truth in love.' The topics considered and dealt with are not unknown to many members of this Synod. With regard to the colonial Churches, their complete independence in regard to the regulation of their own discipline was fully recognised in the ' Report of the committee on the best mode of maintaining union among the various Churches of the Anglican Communion.' While recognising with thankfulness the es« sential and evident unity in which the Church of England and the Churches in visible commu nion with her have been held together, the committee nevertheless lay down as ' necessary for the maintenance of such union that the duly certified action of every national or parti cular Church, and of each ecclesiastical province, in the exercise of its own discipline, should be respected by all the other Churches.' The actioD, then, of the General Synod at Sydney (in October, 1872), constituting its pro vincial organization, with the Bishop of Sydney as Primate, in substitution for the invalid metropolitic jurisdiction conferred by letters patent, is admitted to be lawful, and is recog nised as- such by the Archbishops and Bishops of the Established Church of England. I trust, therefore, that this conclusion will be loyally accepted &nd; acted ujou in all future meetings Of tiie General Synod. oath: or cahjhical obedixhcb. In connection with the above principle it would seem necessary as well as reasonable tha* the oath of canonical obedience in the case of every Australian Bishop, whether consecrated ia England or in- the colonies, should be taken to the Australian Primate or Metropolitan, rather than (as inj the case of ^the lately appointed Bishop of North Queensland) to tha Archbishop of Canterbury. The latter has been empowered hy Act of Parliament to permit this course, which is the proper one in the present state of our ecclesiastical polity. A quasi patriarchal authority seems to nave no legal foundation. It has been supposed in some quarters that -the oath so taken to the See of Canterbury would preserve the colonial branches of the Church of Englamd from drifting away from the standards of faith and discipline contained in our Book of Common Prayer. Anyone, however, who -witnessed the strong and loving attachment manifested by our able and excellent brethren of the United States Episcopate to their mother Church, and the whole tone of their religious thought, would have seen how, after a century of political sepa ration, the steadfast resolve of that great and growing Church is ** onion with and conformity to the standards of the Church of England.' TUB SIIDDLH WAT OB TIA 1CBDIA. How, indeed, can it be otherwise, when the principles of the American Episcopal Church aa a living branch of the Holy Uatholic and Apos tolic Church are intelligently and conscientiously upheld? Between Roman pseudo- infallibility and opinionated private judgment there lies a middle course, consistent with reason and not destructive of authority. In all the weary wanderings of I»rael though the wilderness the Pillar of Cloud rested upon the ' Tabernacle of Witness,' and guided them on their way to the Promised Land. Even so the Word of God has been deposited in a living Tabernacle of Witness — even that risible Church which oh the Day of Pentecost received the outpouring »f the Com forter. As the Old Testament Scriptures were preserved among God's chosen people, the visible Ikrael -of old, so it pleased Christ to enshrine Hia Gospel of Truth, written down by the apostle* and prophets of the New Testament, in a visible body arid ministry organized by Htot ulf while personally on earth. It is this divine appointment which gives stability and authority to the Apostolic and Catholic Church, and to ita testimony to Scriptore and the faith delivered to the saints. ' Upon this rock will I bniW my fihureh,' said our Lord. 'That rock was Tirisf,* and the Ohnrch His mystical body, to *hich He added daily tfcc»e who should be ?nved— «., those who sought Him foe salvation I»j then, this visible Church a suitable and trust worthy 'witness and keeper of Holy Writ?' The Church of England holds it to be. ' Tne things concerning the Kingdom of God' were, we know, committed to the apostles during the forty days between the Resurrection and Ascen sion. As time went on and the Church grew and multiplied in all quarters of the earth this oral teaching was committed to wTiting by the Evangelists and Apostles, who sent epistles to various Churches. It was sealed at last by the testimony of the aged St. John in his Revela tion and letters. Let us look, then, more closely into the organization and succession of that ministry atd Churches into whose keeping all this was confided. ; THB VISIBLE CHTTJCH OF CHRIST. The Twelve Apostles, we read, were first ordained by our Lord Himself (St. Mark iii. 14) and sent forth ' to preach, to heal, and to cast out devils.' 'These he named Apostles' (St. Matthew x. 2, St. Luke vi. 13). Then, seeing the multitudes as sheep without a shepherd (St. Mark vi. 7) He sent the Apostles out two and two to preach the Kingdom of Heaven. The harvest of souls still increasing, our Lord, six months before His last Passover, ' appointed' 'oveSei&v; o*her labourers, 'even seventy? and sent them two and two before Him into every city he purposed to visit (St. Luke x. 1) Their powers appear to have been the same as those given to the Apostles. They were to heal the sick (verse 9) and preach ' the Kingdom of Heaven.' Whoever rejected them rejected Christ and the Father (verse 16). ' The devils were subject unto them through Christ's name,' and en their return from their first mission He gives them afresh (verse 19) that mastery over ?' all the power of the enemy.' Coming now to the solemn occasion of the Last Supper, when the Apostles — little discerning the spiritual nature of Christ's Kingdom — were disputing which should be the greatest, He, in reply to them, indicates the equal authority of all the Twelve (not that of St. Peter alone) : ' Ye shall sit ; on thrones, jadgirg the Twelve Tribes of Israel.' This promise had been also given previously on their journey towards Jerusalem, and this future pre-eminence is assigned to the period ?* of the regeneration.'* Commentators have interpreted this ' of the Resurrection,' bat the ' new birth' and the ' new creature' of the world, the spiritual kingdom of Christ among the Twelve Tribes of the spiritual Israel, began at Pentecost, when, of the Jews of the dispersion from Elam, Asia, and Africa, as well as of strangers of Some, whole multitudes were brought into the ' Kingdom of Heaven.' Over these the Twelve Apostles, with 'the Elders' (whose office and power had never been with drawn), undoubtedly exercised judgment, for in the: Council of Jerusalem they decided that the Mosaic Law was not to be enforced ' upon the Gentiles.' The Pentecostal manifestation of the Holy Spirit in gifts as well as graces was, in fact, the fulfilment of our Lord's promise and the procla mation of His Heavenly Kingdom and universal authority. It was not the original Ordination of Apostles and Elders, but it was the arming of them with the necessary powers to establish Christ's Kingdom. Of the Twelve Apostles whose names were inscribed upon the twelve foundation-stones of the city gates ,'of the New Jerusalem each re presented one' of the Twelve Tribes. In the same way the twelve spies and the twelve wit nesses of the cutting-off of the waters of the Jordan were types of the subsequent appoint ment of the Apostles. The mission of the Seventy in like manner represented the seventy Elders of the Mosaic Church (Numbers xi., 24, 25) as well as the Sanhedrim or great Council of Israel. This was a ptn.,uiunt institution among the Jews, and this Order of the Ministry ordained by Christ Himself, was no temporary mission (St. Luke x. 1). When therefore they returned with joy 'because the devils were subject to them through His name,' the authority of the Seventy is either renewed or given afresh. Certainly the present tense ' I give,' or the perfect 'I have given/'f indicates the continuance of their mission with all its re sponsibilities and powers, 'even over all the power of the enemy !' Subordinate, then, to the Apostles, who were ' to s:t on thrones judging the Twelve Tribes of Israel, the regenerated people of the Lord, the order of elders received just as authoritative a sanction from the Lord Himself as that of the Apostles. Hence we find^no institution of thai order by the Apostles as we do that of the dcacocs. The 'Apostles' Barnabas and Paul ' ordaiued elders in every city' (Acts xiv. 14 and 23), because such elders had been first appointed by the Lord Himself. The deacons were merely helps in the ministry of the Word and Stcramenta as the exigencits of the Church called (or. Not so the elders. Theirs was altogether a higher function — a loftier com mission. So in the Church at Jerusalem we find the Apostles and elders associated together in the Council and in the government and discipline 'of the Primitive Church.J The Church Catholic and Apostolic, traced back to the bosom of the Synagogue and Temple system, but originated and authorized by our Lord Himself, shows plainly the continuity of the olive-tree of God's Church, unbroken from the Sinaitic institution, passing out of the letter into the spirit, and superseding the Levitical Church of JPritst and Prophet by the Apostles, Elders, and Evangelists of the Gospel ! The organization of the Church of Christ was not left then to the enlightened human judgment of the Apostles. It was fixed before, when Christ chose the Twelve Apostles themselves, and ordaint d the Seventy Elders. Accordingly we find these two orders of|Japostles and elders become extended as the Church grew and spread out into the world. The olive-tree remained essentially the same, though some branches were broken off and the Gentiles were grafted in; but the apostolic government continued, elders were ordained in every Church, and the levitical offices were fulfilled by deacons. If this be Scripturally true, it is not within the lawful scope of private judgment to make a new scheme of government and discipline at its own will and pleasure. The practical app'i~*tion of the above Scriptural argument is t1 Upon the divine basis, as laid down by Christ Kimself, there can, nay, there must be not only inward and spiritual but also outward and visible unity. The Reman or Latin Church in its steadfast assertion of this principle is entitled to all respect, especially in times when the reckless ness of private opinion on the great problems of life, revelation, righteousness, and judgment to come rebels against all authority, whether of divines and Christian Fathers or of apostolic tradition. What I contend for is this historic witness of a divinely organized body to the facts pn which the Gospel promises rtst; the records in which they are narrated ; and the interpret® tion, co-temporapeons and continuous, of those records, conveying as they do supernatural mysteries of the faith to the body of believers. Hue is eo claim to dogmatic infallibility. The authority claimed far the Universal Church is the va\ ht which belongs to its unbroken and undivided testimony to the Apostolic and Catholic cretds, to the forms of divine worship and to the effective working of tbe Sacrament* in them th.tt worthily receive the same. The 'faith once delivered to the saints' no sound portion of the Catholic and Apostolic Church has tampered with by addition or dogmatic interpretation That faith, whole and uncorrupted as preserved in the three creeps, i* regarded as a sacred deposit to which none can add, or from which ncne can take away, without losing his part iu the Book of Life and in the Holy City, the New Jeruiakm. Such authority only does the Church of England claim for the visible Universal Church. It can ordain no new articles of faith as necessary to salvation. It can decree nothing contrary to Scripture, nor can it expound Scripture so as to contradict itself. Under such limitation it is a witness and keeper of Holy Writ, ordained of God to be the giouid and pillar of His revealed truth. Here we may plant our feet with confidence. The Church of the apostolic age has been aptly compared to the Woman of Samaria, who, after onr Lord's conversation with her at the well of Sycb*r, said to her fellow-townsmen, 'Come, see a man who told [me all things whatsoever I did! Is not this the Christ?' 'And many of the Samaritans,' we are told, ** believed on Him for the saying of the woman ; but many more believed because of H:s c:cn word.' So it is that the Church offers the Gospel in her creeds, and presents an open Bible to all who will reid therein for themselves. That Bible has been preserved and handed down to us Dot merely or chiefly ss an old heirloom cf the Christian ministry, but as being spheld by the inward force of that Divine character, even Christ, which it presents to us. We read, and in 9o doing feel that God speaks to our hearts and * ' Hfgtnorallon' {Si L\ikt xxii. §b &ad; St. MhttbeW six. SSJ. I coarlder the word ' regenera tion' ia thfc roctcrt to rueaa the PecleccaUl out ponricg cf tire Spirit open the -risible CSrarcli. t A readies preferred by the greater critics. 'I bavenyen' (uf-, iapen-ttuitv) for ' I give' make* so difference ia the plenitude of thrfr pcrtrer, but clJj- antedates the gift to their first sen&ias; forth. t The Order cf ApoEtlcs of Ict tbe election *f St Matthias into the number of the tTrelTe was cs?ir?t-d by the addition of St. Pstil and Barnabas Apcllos (1 Cor. iv. 9). S3 well ss ethers. ' The Apostles of the Churches, the plory cf Christ,' are spskea of la 2 Cor. viii. 23, and Rom. ivi 7. -sphere PL Paul's xe UtiTes, AndronicDS and Jnnias, are said to be 'of note' among th«m. TOe *? Apostles and Prophets' of the New Testament are also Epoken cf as Erst in the Order ef the Xfaistiy (1 Cor. xii. 2SX and »p poiBted by the H«lj-6ho«-2 Eph, it, 4, 11.) 1 consciences through and in Him. We know by ' an inward conviction, that * never man spake as this Man ;' never was ' love like His love f never, before or since, was such a life seen on earth as his ; never was there a being with such wisdom on his lips ; such love in hia heart ; ?with a character so complete; with claims so lofty joined to such profound humility and so gentle a kindness towards the gainsayer.' This is the grand privilege of the Churchman, one who believes firmly in the Catholic and Apos tolic Church, tracing its foundation, its ministry, its sacraments to the appointment of our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and preserving urjbroken the continuous but developed life of the old Hebrew saints and their Tabernacle of Witness. We of the Chnrch of England rest our faith on the inspired Word of God, speak ing to our souls through the Holy Ghost by its own intrinsic power, ' its inward force first stewing us Christ and then leading us captive to Christ.' That.Word has be«n handed down and witnessed to us by the ministry of the Apostolic Chnrch and accented by 'the Holy Church throughout all the world' from the first ages. We subject not our reason to the dogmatic judgment of a fallible priest claiming authority oi er the Universal Church. We float not on the fluctuating theories of speculative criticism. In the Holy Scriptures we think we find eterna life. We search them with a simple desire to know and do the truth. They testify from beginning to end [of ChriBt and Him crucified. We believe ' that this is life eternal : to know the oi,Iy true Ged, and Jesus Christ whom He has sfciit.' We believe that as ♦' all have come short of the glory of God,' cone can come unto tbe Father but by Christ. In Him, therefore, we believe that we have life. On His Word and on His Church — the witness and kit per of that Word — we rely as our guide in the wev of life. We hear Him ourselves, and are ptrsuaded immovably that 'He is that Prophet which should come into the world.' AFTERNOON SITTING. The Synod met at 3 o'clock at the Diocesan Offices, Leigh-street, the Bishop presiding. ELECTION COMMITTEE'S BBPOBT. Mr. H. S. Anthony presented the following report from the Election Committee : — 'The Election Committee present herewith the Sj nod Koll as prepared by them. ', Your committee having considered a memorial which has bten received from St. Peter's, Williamstown, requesting to be recog nised as part of a united pariah and represented in Synod, cannot recommend that the request be complied with, on the grounds that the require ments of Fundamental Provision No. 14 have not been satisfied in tbe following particulars : — 1st. The trusts of the church have not been declared, although the certificate of title is in tbe tame of the Sjaod. 2nd. The amount of stipend paid to the incumbent, viz., £37 10s., is not a reasonable proportion of an income. They recommend Synod forthwith to declare the trusts under which it^hclds ot. Peter's, Williams town. 'They recommend that the amounb of 'the reasonable income,' as required by Fundamental Provision No. 14, be from time to time defined by Syrod. 'Tluy report that the resolution of Synod contained in Minute 61 of 1877 has worked satisfactorily, but in order to make it accord with Regulation No. 6, defining the duties of the Election Committee, they recommend that it be amended to read as follows : — 'That, under the direction of the Election Committee, due notice be sent by the Secretary of Synod to each Vestry, annualiy, of the number of representatives it is entitled to elect for Synod.' 'Your committee having notified to the Wardens of St. Jude's, Brighton, that they were only entitled to return one Synodsman, received an appeal against their decision. In 1874 and 1875 St. Jude's returned two Synodsmen. In tbe latter year it was united with St. Mary's, South-road, and Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill, and has returned one representative only up to the present time. After carefully considering the precedent in the matter of All Saints', Hindmarsh, and St. Margaret's, Woodville, in the year 1877, yonr committee are of opinion that St. Jude's, Brighton, can only return two representatives by express permission of Synod, on showing that it is an independent parish providing a reasonable income to its minister. 'No certificates of election of Synodsmen have been received from Holy Trinity, Adelaide ; St. Jude's, Port Elliot ; St John's, Macclesfield ; St. Mary's, Echunga ; Holy Evangelists', Goolwa ; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch; and Holy Trinity, Melrose ' Any return received after this date must be dealt with by Synod in accordance with .Regula tion cut Fundamental No. 9. ' O. Mabbtat, Chairman.' On :hn motion of Archdeacon Marryat, eecciu't d by Mr. H. S. Anthony, the report was receivi d and the loll adopted. BOLL- CALL. The following Synodsmen answered to their names:— Clergy— Eight Rev. Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Eev. Eichardson Beid, Yen. Arch deacon Marryat, M.A., Rev. James Pollitt. Rev. S. Green, Rev. F. S. Poole, MA., Rev. W. B. Andrews, Rev. A. Dendy, DJD., Yen. Arch deacon Dove, M.A., Rev. E. Jerkins, Eev. A. Hon'ner, Rev. J. F. Hocter, B.A., Rev. W. H. Mndie, Her. W. G. Robinson, MA., Rev. T. Field, M.A., Rev. E. E. Miller, Rev. Canon Coombs, Rev. J. M. Donaldson, Rev. R. W. Holflen, Rev. O. W. Morse, M.A., Rev. H. Bevis, Rev; J. Houghton, Rev. R. B. Webb, MA., Rev. C. W. Hawkins, Rev. O. G. Taplin, Rev. H. 'Williams, Rev. A. Sells, Rev. E. O. Spicer, M.A. (deacon), Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., Rev. F. Williams, M.A., Rev. J. O. Haynes, Rev. J. Orchard (deacon), Rev. C. C. Elcum, M.A., Rev| J. H. Corvan, Rev. W. B. Stanford, M.A. Synodsmen — Dr. Gosse, Dr. Mayo, W. H. Holmes, H. D. Holmes, J. Bath, D. Garlick, S. Smith, J. Barker, J. H. Cunningham, L. G. Madley, S. Higgs, A. Clark, J. C. Bray, E. M. Smith, H. S. Anthonv, H. £L Thomas, A. Jones, T. W. Roach, J. White, F. H. Carter, J. E. Moulden, J. C. B. Moncrieff, B. Taylor, G. A. Connor, C. C. Cornish. J. M. Thomas, W. B. Hull, C. A. Wilson, S. V. Pizey, R. Hickson, J. H. Wiles, C. L. Meyer, jun., J. Forster, T. S. Porter, W. S. Douglas, A. Spence, T. O. Jones, J. TJiornley, W. Barlow, W. D. Scott, F. A. Grant, J. Henderson, E. B. Grundy, F. Haleomb, J. Bosworth, J. Lord, G. W. Hawkes, J. W. Castare, J. S. Anthony, G. W. Sillifant, H. E. Downer, H. Dutton, T. G. Pleydell. Excuses for non-attendance were received from the Revs. H. M. Pollitt, H. Howitt, E. T. Howell, and W. F. Marshall. i SESSIONAL OFFICERS. Rev. O. Elcum was appointed Reporter ; Rev. S. Green, Clerical Secretary; and Mr. G. W. Hawkes, Lay Secretary. ELECTION COMMITTEE. Ytn. Archdeacon Marryat, Eevs. S. Green and. Dr. Bendy, and Messrs. G randy and A. Spfrire were appointed Election Committee for 1679. ST. FETEB'S, 'WIIXIA1IST0WN. A '?? letter was rtad from John Warren, Minister '8 Warden of St. Peter's, Williamstown, in itference to the decision of the Election Committee in respect to that church. Rev. A. Sells moved—' That St. Peter's. Wil lismetown, be added to the roll of those entitled to smic representatives to the Synod.'1 Btv. Mr. Webb seconded. Rev. S. Grebn said that the request woald be a very proper one if the usual conditions im posed upon parishes had been complied with. Tbe certificate of title of St. Peter's, Williams town, was in the hands of the Synod, but the Synod had never been asked to declare its trusts. Ibe in- ome paid to the clergyman from that psrifh was £37 10s., and no parish was entitled to be represented unless it paid a fair share towards the support of the clergyman, and towards the increase of the temporalities of the diccese. An important point arose as to whether Synod should define what a reascnsble inepme or a reasonable proportion of income was, so that there should be a minimum below which no parish or portion of a parish should be allowed to send a representative to Svnod. As the parish of Williamstown could not comply with the fundamental provisions he thought that it was debarred from sending a representative to Synod, inasmuch as no cApy of the trusts had bten or could be deposited' in the office. On that ground aloce it could not be allowed unless it had asked Synod to declare its trusts, and Synod bad declared them ; and the second ground of objection was tl at £37 l(?s. wns bardly a fair proportion for the p,Ti&h; io pay. After a short discussioE- Yen. Archdeacon Masb^at moved tS an amendment — 'That this question be postponed until the resolution to define a reasoaable income is disposed of.' Mr. H. B. Akthos-s seconded* and the amend ment was carried. £T. 3VT-B% feSIGHTOR. Mr. H. Dcttob caved, and Eev. H. WrL UAMS seconded, *5iat St. Jude's, Brighton, Biiould be allowed to return two Synodsmen, instead of one, -as recommended in the report of the Election 'CoEinittee. After cOTaiderable disensskm, an amendment, moTfd by tbe Eev. W. G. Robinson, that the question -be postponed similarly to tha preceding cue, was lost. Tbe'original motion was then pat and carried. bishop's bbfobt. Tbe President then read the following : — 8-3 rapid and often unexpected are the -tbaogea which occur in the young life of z colony that even a twelvemonth's absence com prehends within its brief space considerable and important alterations. We miss old familiar faces, and we are introduced to new circum stances and new conditions of our social exis tence. Even in Church life, so fixed and staid in the mother country, sudden vicissitudes in this diocese have occurred, which, startling at the moment, have Bcarcely yet subsided into ob livion, and can haidly fail still to give pain to those who were unwillingly mired up with them. Happily for myself I was delivered from being an eye-witness of the events which for a time caused a breach in the 'walls of onx Zion. Among those who have departed from among us, I must mention the kind and gentle spirit of the Rev. Octavius Hammond, who sank quietly into a peaceful grave throngh gradual bodily decay. He was a man of con siderable ekill in snrgery, and of culti vated taste in art. The eon of a respected rector in England, he recalled many of the feataresjof that excellent class of men ; grave, well learned, thoughtful, sound in doctrine and estmplary in life, who impart the moral tone to village life, and are truly spiritual fathers to 3oung and old j loved and respected by those who attended on his ministry, dear to the (?imple-minded natives of Poonindie, his latter years were useful and happy. His end was peace, and it should be mentioned as a testimony to his real worth that the inmates of the Poonindie institution have subscribed liberally to erect a monument to his memory. The cure of Mitcham having also become vacant the Rev. F. Hocter accepted tbe incum bency, and at Mount Gambier was succeeded by the Rev. Dr. Craig, who formerly, as missionary, had done good service in various of oar rural districts, supplying Fervict-i, organizing congre gatioDfe, directing and encouraging Sunday school and their teachers, improving the music and furniture of the many churche«. After a long absence he returns to the diocese in an isolated cure, where a priest of experience ia especially needed. St. Mary's, on the South-road, with O'Halloran. Hill Church, has been acceptably occupied by the Rev. W. Robinson, T.C.D., whose health at present is not overtaxed by that cure, relieved as it now is from the township of Brighton. The latter congregation has fallen once more under the care ot its former pastor, the Rev. Hartley Williams. Rev. Mr. Bach has found employ ment in the diocese of Tasmania. These changes, caused by death and other cirenn stances of no pleasing character, must needs have caused much anxiety and infinite trouble to 'the Vicar-General, Dean Russell, In my own, and I trust in your name, I tender him hearty thanks for the arrangements he succeeded in carrying through. There was no one, however, to replace Dr. Hammond at Port Lincoln ; and the cuie of St. Thomas's, with the mission to theWest Coast as well as the shores of Spencer's Gulf, still remained unfilled. Fortu nately for the spiritual wants of the diocese the Ivev. G. H. Farr placed his services at the dijj-o.*il of the Yicar-General for missionary ?work and the supply of vacant churches. I regard that Mission Chaplaincy and the visita tion luir which Mr. Farr accomplished as both of extteding value. The Chaplaincy I trust from henceforth will form part ef our standing diccer-an organization. The visitation tour is already producing increased animation, and the desire among the members of the Church of England both in the South-East and Port Lincoln districts to supply themselves with the Ministry of Grace. During my stay in England, looking to the spiritual wants of this extensive aud sparsely peopled colony in its agricultural areas, I was successful in securing the services of three additional clergymen, the Rev. C. C. Elcum, priest, ;md two deacons, who were ordained at my recommendation by the Bishop of Chester, Rev. li. P. Dodd, and Eev. W. Orchard. Even tkis addition to our clergy, besides that of Dr. Craig, and the Eev. G. H. Farr Cnow ministering in the new Semaphore Church), ia still insuffi cient for the growing wants of our people. To Port Lincoln, as being most in need, I have sent Sir. Orchard, though only in deacons' orders, because for ten years at Oheadle he was a minister and preacher, well esteemed among the Cougregationalists. He had received the strongest testimonials from the Hector of Ashby-de-la Zouch and other clergymen of our Church, and was recommended to my notice by the Organizing Secretary of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Active, zealous, and in the vigor of manhood, he is capable of much mission work ; while by the ministry of the Word he is well calculated to gather into the fold the dispersed and scattered sheep. Mr. Dodd was dispatched by the Yicar General to Jamestown, and has made a very favourable commencement of;his ministry, which comprises Caltowie on the west, Belalie and Yongala on the east, as well ,aa Mannauarie and Orroroo to the north. Melrose, Wilmington, Qnorn, and the more Northern townships and stations are still with out regular pastoral visitation, although in the early part of the year the Archdeacon of Flinders travelled as far as Port Augusta and Quorn encouraging and strengthening all to whom he ministered to continue, steadfast in the faith and worship. I should be unjust if in this connection I were to omit mention of tbe able missionary organizing tour which Archdeacon Marryat accomplished is the South-East, at a time when the contemplated removal of Mr. Hocter from Mount Gambier to Mitcham seemed to leave that portion of the diocese in hopeless and irremediable destitution. He, however, suc ceeded in arranging a scheme of missionary services to be supplied by the Rev. W. Bussell at Robe, Millieent, Penola, Karracoorte, and Kingston in succession ; who, I am happy to report, though a young deacon, kas secured the respect and regard of those ameng whom he ministers. The visit of Mr. Farr, [following shortly after, supplied! by the administration of the Lord's Supper in those Churches the lack of that essential ordinance. This mission, however, netds strengthening by the addition of a priest, who will I believe arrive among us from Tas mania — tbe Eev. H. Hughes— at the beginning of Ju]y. In the meantime I hope to send some clergyman in'priest'e orders round the district. The supply of a new congregation formed at Two 'Wells and a monthly visit to Mnitland, Ardrossan, and Kilkerran make large demands on the time and energy of my domestic and missionary chaplain, the Eev. C. Elcum. A great calamity also has befallen the colony, and our own Church in its degree, in the partial suspension of work at the Moonta and Wallaroo Mines. The Church at Moonta can no longer maintain a minister and pay the interest on its debt. The cure was vacated by,Mr. Corvan, and has provisionally been replaced under ita former pastor, the Rev. C. G. Taplin. Meanwhile Maitlaud, Ardrossan, and Kilkerran have lost their regular visit from the pastor of Moonta, Mr. Corvan, who hasj succeeded to the mission cure of Latira, with Gladstone nnd Georgetown southwards and Wirrabara and Charlton to the north. It will be seen from this rapid survey of the diocese that our Church, in spite of depression and difficulty, has not receded from the posts she has taken^_up. Inadequately occupied, indeed, for lack of clergy in full orders of priesthood, still her services are ministered from Mount Gambier to Streaky Bay, and from Beltana by Port Augusta to South Yorke's Peninsula ; at Edith burgh, Stanabary, Yorketown, Minlaton, Diamond Lake, by the Eev. W. Marshall ; in Kangaroo Island by the Eev. C. Morse ; also at Cape Jervis, Glenburn, and Meningie, back along the Eiver Murray at Wilmington too, and Morgan, Revs. H. Bevis and Donaldson (/rom Strathalbyn and Kapunda) hold occasional services. It only needs, indeed, a good supply of active missionary clergy to extend the ministra tions of the Church of England through the length and breadth of tlae land. They should be ' fk-E3 of Consolation, full of faith and the Holy Ghost.'' But if we are to be blessed with such a ministry they must be relieved from the heart -wearing cares pf narrow and insufficient stipends ! Tbe ir.toureF is worthy of his hire. I must sorrowfully confees h* does' Hoi get H on tbe voluntary principle in the rural districts. The origin and seed of the mend icatit orders of preaching Friars in the Hec3;Kval Church is abundantly illustrated kmong the scattered f&rn;iDg population of this great colony. I know cot bow their spiritual wants are to be r^et, except by sending ' brothers'' two and two, who from certain centres shall evaiigelize the neighbouring districts. And here we are compelled to face the ques tion of parochial incumbencies and mission cures. I would not indeed place them in antagonism, but regard the one as preparatory, the other as subsequent and supplemental. The history of tbe Society for the Propagation of the Gospel is the embodiment of this idea. In 1703 it was incorporated by King William HI. es tbe Missionary Society for the Plantations and Settlements in America. Read the earlier aceoontsof its labours in Georgia, Carolina, Yir ginsaJPeczayrvania, or thenorthernlSew England States, and you will see the spiritual condition of countrii« large as this, bnt by no means so well supplied with clergy aa this colony at the eloee of the first generation of its settlers. The great Church of tbe United States, with its sixty Bishops, as well as the dioceses under tbe Metrocorrbm of Montreal, owe their present existence to tbe missionaries sent out by tbe fcociety for the Propagation of the GospeL This diocese was founded under the same auapicei ; its first clergymen were five iu number, three of ?whom — viz., Beanmont, Farrell, and Woodcock — c*nie out under the auspices of that Society. The property in Leigh-street was given to it for the missionary settlement of this colony. It so continues. But the need of a continuous supply of clergy from England had also forcibly struck the miiid of that far feeing and able colonist, W. Browue, Esq. Accordiugly he set on foot tbe Church of England Endowment Society for two great purposes — one the improvement of the income of parochial incumbents ihrough endowments ; the other, itcreasing the camber of missionary clergy from England. That Society has accord ingly supplied passage-muuey and guaranteed an income for two years at least to fresh clergy, and to it we owe the accession of the Huvs. Messrs. Decdy, Elcum, Dodd, and Orchard. Looking, then, to the enormous area now occupied by agricultural settlers, the numerous townships which are springing up, as well as the interior pastoral districts recently occupied from tucla round by the Gawler rUnges to Lakes Gardner and Eyre, and away to the bordi r» of Queensland and .New South Wales, I would ask how, without travelling mitsionaries, ran the Church of Englaud in any degree shepherd those 'few sheep iu the wilderness,' which nominally belong to hn ? Well and wisely, therefore, did tbe Yicar- General, with the advice of Arch dearon Marryat, appoint provisionally the Rev. G. H. Farr to act as ' missionary chaplain.' He visited the Bouth-East and Western districts, but the funds of tbe Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel could do no more than supply one quarter's salary. That, however, sufficed to show the wisdom of the plan. The Church of England Endowment Society, how ever, in the terms of its trust, has supplied means for increasing the number of English clergy, and I have had tbe satisfaction of engaging the services of the Rev. Herbert Hughes, an English clergyman now acting as organizing and missionary chaplain to the Bishop of Tasmania. I have received strong assurance of his tried capacity for the mission work in tbe new parochial districts. It remains for the people themselves on the stations and rural townships to do their part towards sustaining the missionaries and pajirg the expenses of his travel. And now, without diminishing aught from the steady plans of esdowing parochial settled districts (not mere isolated Churches), I must affirm that the missionary work of the diocese hag an equal, if not f.rtor, claim. The settled congregations are ri« her and abler to contribute toward the stipends of clergy than the labouring popula tion » hich is settled on scattered farms. Cap tain Allen had these country clergy very much in view when he endowed tbe Pastoral Aid Fund. Until the last two years that fuud has vholiy been absorbed in augmenting tbe incomes of the stttltd and endoxced parishes. At leaet one moiety I feel, as trustee, ought to be claimed for the missionary districts. I will conclude by commending this important subjf- t to the careful consideration of Synod, as by the fundamental provision No. 18 the 'spiritual care of members of our Church not residing in any parish' is to be provided for by means of 'ordained missionaries licensed by the Bishop.' But bow shall they be sent without tbe aid of the C.E.E.S. and the Allen Fund ? The following list of rural townships, not included in any parish where divine service is from time to time held by missionary clergy men, shows the extent of the work. Omitting that portion of the colony lying within the Murray and St. Vincent Gulfs, Cape Jervis, and the Kiver Broughton, the diocese may be conveniently divided into three missionary districts — 1. The Archdeaconry of Flinders ; 2\. The South- Eastern District ; 3. The country west of Spencer's Gnlf. Townships iu No. 1 are Port Broughton, Port Pirie, Crystal Brook, Georgetown, Gladstone, Laura, Wirrebara, Caltowie, Jamestown, Belalie, Yongala, Orroroo,' Mclrose, Wilmington Qaorn, Hallett, Gottlieb's Wells, Terowie, Sliding Eock, and Beltana. [N.B.— Port Augusta, Port Pirie, Laurs, and Jamestown have resident ministers.] Barnnga and Green's Plains are visited by Rev. O. G. Taplin from Wallaroo ; Maitland, Kilker ran, Ardrossan, by Rev. C. O. Elcum ; Yorke town, Mount Eat, Minlaton, Diamond Lake, Stacsbury, and Edithburgh are served by the Rev. W. F. Marshall. 2\. South-Eastern District contains Meningie, Kingston, Robe, Millieent, Penola, Narracoorte, and Eivoli Bay North. S. West Coast, Port Lincoln, Tumby Bay, Lake Wangary, Lake Hamilton, Streaky Bay, and many stations. I cannot close my report without briefly adverting to our Sunday- school Union, and the excellent gathering of the children at the Cathedral for afternoon service, with an address from their Bishop. Their reverential be baviour and intelligent answering to the questions I put them denoted careful and thoughtful teaching. It is a hopeful sign for the future of our young people. Through some oversight, I presume, no infor mation was previously given me as to the schools or the number of children which would attend. Last year, when tbe Bishop of Mel bourne addressed the children, one thousand were said to have been present. The public also v-as admitted. On tbe late occasion, kow ever, it was thought necessary to exclude by advertisement the general public and to procure additional benches; but tbe accommodation was insufficient, and this suggests that either two Sundays should be devoted to a children's servive— one for the schools of the city, num bering about one thousand ; and the other for the suburban and country schools — or that a select portion of the elder children only of each school should be brought to the Cathedral. It was, at all events, a touching sight to look upon so many young souls gathered together, and bear them join heartily in the hymns of praise, accompanied by the noble organ, Jthe gift of the women of South Australia to the Cathedral of the diocese. I trust I may be permitted again to see such a gathering, and encourage oor young people ' to fear the Lord from their youth.' STANDING COMMITTEE'S HET0ET. The annual report of the Standing Committee was presented, from which the following items are extracted : — ' Your committee proposed that a conference should be held between a sub- committee and tbe Board of Directors of the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society, for the purpose of reconciling all matters of difference between tbe Synod and the Society, but the Board was unwilling to accede to the proposal during the absence of the Bishop. On February 12 last the Secretary wrote to tbe Board by direction of your com mittee asking for a statement of tbe estimated net ii.come of the Society for the current year, and of the amount that could be paid over to Synod, during the same period, for the endow ment of churches. The information was duly supplied, and is printed elsewhere. On March 26 the following minute waa received from the Board, and is now referred to tbe consideration of Si nod : — ' Tbe Board of Directors of the Society having considered tbe question at issue between the Standing Committee of Synod and this Society as to tbe ' distribution and appli cation' of the net annual income of the Society have resolved — That it is the duty of the Presi dent and Board of Directors for tbe time being to determine bow to apply such net antual income towards increasing (firstly) tbe stipends of Incumbents by endowments, and (secondly) the number of the diocesan clergy ; that the sums voted for such purposes are to be paid over to the Diocesan Synod for ' application and distribution' according to the terms of the ' re conjn:endaticn'made in writing and accompany ing euch payments; that it is in the discretion of the Diocesan Synod to alter and amend such recommendation, but that the ' final decision' as to the mode of the application of such funds (whether according to their own recommenda tion or that recommendation :\s anunded by Syncd) rests with tne President &*i^ VuVLT& oT PiT^tors; thaf wjjtt r^pect to the application cf tfec fifl aEDUal income 1879 the Directors have determined to make the following recom mendation, viz.: — That a sum of £500 shall be paid by tbe Society to the Synod for the en dowment of churches within the Diocese of Adelaide. They recommend that in future each parish to be endowed should pay one moiety of tbe whole endowment of £500, that £100 should be paid by tbe parish at the first instalment, and the balance liquidated by three yearly pay ments of £50. The Directors have also resolved, having regard to the Vicar-General's appoint ment of a 'travelling and organizing mis sionary,' to recommend tbe payment of £600 to the Bishop towards the support of a similar mie.'donary, end for increasing from England or elee-where the nnmber of the diocesan clergy. £600 will scarcely suffice for tbe payment ot such travelling and organizing missionary and payment of passage money and stipends to each clergymen. The two sums of £500 and £600 absorb the whole amount of the annual income available for 1879.' Your committee repliep to the letter received from the 8. A. Total Absti nence League &Bd; Band of Hope Union asking Synod to aid in the promotion of sobriety among the people. Your committee elected the Yea. Archdeacon Dove and Mr. W. D. Scott to act on the Mission Committee of Advice. On re ceipt of the wmouneement of the d&uth; of the'Jate Bishop of Iichfieldyour committee passed a resolution expressing their sense of the great loss the whole Onnrch had sustained, and tbetr sympathy with his son (the Bishop of Melanesia) in this heavy affliction. Your committee estimate the expenditure forthe tnsuing year at £260, and recommend an assesMiient at Sd. per sitting let, as per statistical returns of 1877-8, amounting to £^56 las. Sd., being at the same rate aa for tbe last four jtars. The whole of the assessments for the jest jear have been paid, producing sufficient to cover the expenditure and leave a balance in hand of £72 ISs. 3d. No new churches have been added to the list. Yonr committee pre sent a table showing the amounts received from each church for the various funds, tbe amounts {?aid as gTants-in-aid of clerical iu5Oiuea,and the proposed assessment for 1879-SO. The follow irjg is a comparative statement of tbe totals of thtae amounts for the past two years : — Received— 1677-8 1878-9 Synodal Assessment ... £242 19 0 £248 8 8 Home Mistion ... ... 185 14 11 184 6 1 Mission to the Heathen 160 12 0 167 4 1 laid— Grants-in-aid of Clerical incomes ... ... 483 0 4 463 3 4 Your committee have again paid the grantsm aid of clerical incomes at full scale, and have voted the whole of the funds placed at their disposal to the Melanesian Mission. During the yait jear All Saiats', Moonta, has been endowed lo tbe maximum amount of £500, tbe pariah subscribing £200 and the Incorporated Church of Eiiglaod Endowment Society contributing £300. This Society estimates that it can pay over to Sj nod the sum of £500 during the year 1879 towards the endowment of churches. A ecbtme has been drawn up whereby churches will be encouraged to endow gradually, Le., in sums of not less than £40 (representing an income of £6 per annum) and not exceeding £200. Should the funds available not be sulh ciert to meet all the applications received parishes will be allowed to pay in their quota on deposit, upon which the Attorneys of the S.P.G. have agreed to allow 10 per cent, in terest, to be continued till the endowments are completed. Circulars giving tbe details of the fctbeme have been sent to all churches unendowed or only partially endowed. The Treasurer has received £24 9s. 2d. from the YacaLt Cures' Endowment during the year, and has made certain payments, leaving a balance in hhiid of £3 10s. 6d. The Area Mission Fund has been found very useful for the purposes for which it was raised, and the Standing Com mitUe recommend It to the liberality of Churchmen. No report has been received from the Sub-Committee of tbe Melanesian Mission, but an appended balance-sheet shows tbe state of the lund. Your conmiitUsj recommend that a clause be added to the model trust deed regulating the management of cemeteries, and suggest that it might be similar to that re schoolbou&es; ; and they also recommend Synod to decide whether tbe model trust deed should contain a clause giving Synod power of sale. Your committee have beeu advised that it is necessary for Synod to give formal declarations of trust for tbe following funds : — Tbe General Synodal Endowment of Churches Fuud, tbe Clergy 'Widow and Orphan Fund, and the Clergy Annuity Fund. An application was received respecting the completion of tbe schoolroom in connection with Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill, and asking that it might be conveyed to five trustees for the purposes of an Institute, kc. Tbe Standing Committee re solved that they had no power to comply with the application. In consequence of the peculiar position of St. Augustin's, Virginia, the com mittee recommend that the assessment for 1&79-SO be remitted, and that the circumstances of this Church be taken into favourable con sideration by the Synod. On February 27 bist the Lord Bishop returned to tbe diocese, and was met at the Church Office, where an address of welcome was presented to him sigued on behalf of Synod by the Dean and tbe Secre tary. Your committee availed themselves of tbe occasion of Bishop Selwyn's calling at Adelaide, in route for England in October last, to present him with an address of welcome at the Church Office. Your committee recommend Synod to pass a reso lution expressing its regret at tbe loss the dioctsc of Newcastle has sustained through the death of the Right Reverend Walter Tyrell and its admiration of the character and labours of the deceased Bishop. Tbe Standing Committee presented the account of receipts and expenditure of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund to June 30. 1878, tialance-sheet at that date, and a progress account to April 30, 1879. They are happy to be able to again report that all the premiums are paid. 'Xwo clergymen have joined the Fand ; one; has died, and his widow has been placed on the list of annuitants; and three have with drawn from the Fund on leaving the diocese, receiving together the sum of £33 10s., being 50 per cent, of the premiums which they had paid in ; consequently the funds are relieved from all liability in respect of them. The following statistics are given in continua tion of those published last year :— No. of clergy licensed, 44. No. of clergy subscribing — Married, 28 ; widowers with children who might be claimants on the fund, nil; single, 1; widowers without children who might be claimants on ,the fund, 2 ; total, 81. No. of clergy who have ceased to be subscribers during the 'year t through — Death, 1 ; resignation, nil ; depai ture, 3 ; total, 4. Number of clergy who have ceased to be subscribers ^since the com mencement of the fund through — Death, 9; resig nation, 2 ; departure 7 ; total, 18. Number of an nnitaLts — Widows, 5 ; children, nil ; total, 5. The total worth of the funds is £6,133 6a. lid., of which £320 7s. 3d. is invested in land, and £5,590 on mortgage producing an income varying from 6 to 10 per cent. The income for the year ending June 30, 1878, was £578 10s. Id., and the expen diture £189 11 Id., the balance, £388 19s., being net profit. In accordance with the resolution of lost Synod, the annuitants now receive £40 per annum. The Standing Committee presented to Synod the account of receipts and expenditure of Clergy Annuity Fund for the year ending March 31, 1S79, together with the balance-sheet at that date. The incom 3 for the past year has been £462 18s. 9d., the expenditure £30 9s. Id., leaving a net profit of £432 9a. 8d, which, togetLer with the amount brought forward from last year, gives a net result of £1,229 16s. 5d. as the present worth of tbe funds. Of this sum £170 3s. 0d. has been subscribed to the Guarantee Fund. Donations beve produced £17 10s. 6d. For the ensuing year promises of subscriptions to tbe Guarantee Fund have been received amounting to £71 17s. 6d.; the Attorneys of the S.P.G. promise to sappio ment tubscriptions and donations pound for pound up to a maximum of £100 ; hence in crder to claim this amount in full an additional sum of £28 2s. 6d. must be subscribed, which they trust will be forthcoming. There are no arrears of either premium or interest. Tbe number of clergy subscribing is thirty out of fort j -four, the number licensed in the diocese ; one subscriber to the fund has died durirg the past yvar, and one has resigned, and oue new subscriber has joined the fund. The whole of the funds are invested except a small balance of £1 Is. 5d. ; £1,080 being lent on mortgage yield ing an income varying f roia 6 to 10 per cent., and £146 15s. being invested inland. Tbe fund is now available for annuitants, the capital Guarantee Fund having reached the minimum of £1,000 ; they trust that during the ensuing year it will reach the amount contemplated by Synod— £1,500. A meeting of tbe committee appointed by Syuod for the purpose of establishing a South Australian branch of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge waa held, and a circular addres:-ed to all the clergymen and churchwar dens of tbe diocese wns adopted, calling atten tion to tbe claims of the venerable Society. Your committee have been informed that the Lord Bisbop bas made arrangements for a supply of books to be Bent to an agent for sale in this dioceee' from the venerable Society. The teachers of All Saints' School, Hindmarsh, have rc.-f°lvtd to aid tbe Society by quarterly collec tions in March, June, September, and Dwen} ter ; tbe first collection — £2 10s, 6-l.-_hiis been received'. When, ft euro °f tih U collected it ia proposed t© remit tbat amount as a first dona tion towards the new offices the Society is building in London. The statement of the estimated net inceme of tbe Church of England Endowment Society for the year ending December 31, 1879, and of the amount that can be paid over to Synod during the year 1879 towards the endowment of churches, showed that the estimated net income for tbe year was £1,000 ; overdue rents and interests from 1878, £150 ; unexpended vote to Synod for 18T8, £200 ; total, £1.350. Tbe appli cation of fund had been — Unexpended vote to tbe Lord Bishop, £250; vote for the year 1879 for missionary purposes and for the importation of clergy, £600=£650, leaving £500. Tbe esti mated balance that can be paid to Synod during J879 towards the endowr&ent; of churches, upon their application and advice that the parish iias contributed its portion (inclusive of tbe above £200 voted in 1878), in £500. Mr. Anthony also band&d; in accounts and balance-flheeta connected with the various funds of tbe diocese, which were taken as read. KHW COK3CTTTEES. The following gentlemen were elected to be members of the Standing Committee f ot 1879 ;— Treasurers— Messrs. H. Dntton wnW.S. Doug- . las. Auditors— Messrs. A. Spvx.- -: and Holmes. - Committee— R«vs. S. Green, li. M. Pollitt* I Archdeacons Dove and Marry*;. Dr. Dendjr, Canons Farr and W. B. Andrew*. Messrs. H. ti. ?-. Anthony, J. H. Cunningham, W. H irlow, W. D. ; Scott, A. Spenee, G. W. Hawk**, 31. E. Downer* L. G. Mfldley, E. B. Grundy, F. 11 Jcombe, J. O. - Bray, Dr. Goase, H. Dutton, and W. S. Douglas. ; Committee of Appeal — Messrs. Ho well, EL E» ? Downer., and W. D. Scott. Axeswrs— Arch- deacon Marryat, Eevs. Canon C'-ombes, Canon Farr, S. Green, Dr. Dendy, and \V. B. Andrew*, Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, G. A . Connor, W. 8. ,. Douglas, E. B. Grundy, H. Duuon, and L. G. Madley. : GEXBBAI. STKOD. The Pkesibext remarked that !.?» should like t to have a committee appointed u- enquire into and report upon the relation existing under '. the laws of the Synod between u.emsedvea and ?. the General' Synod, so as to mrive at some determinatmn as to what matter* vrere and what ? were not within the proper limiu of legal dis cussion at the General Synod. Tt«y most now, however, proceed to the election of represented - tive8. ? ' The following gentlemen wcr,- accordingly elected to represent the diocttte at the next Geneial Synod: — Yen. Archdf,.fon Marryat, . Revs. Canon Farr, S. Green, J. 2'. Hocter, and Dean Russell, Messrs. H. E. Downer, G. W. Hawket, W. Barlow, A. Sp?i- --, and J. H. Cunningham. Emergency: — Kw» Archdeacon Dove and F. S. Poole, Messrs. F. Grant, aud T. Hickstn. CHH1STCHXTBCH, WORTH JO-i LJLIDB. yen. Archdeacon Mabuyat presented a petition from the Incumbent si.d Wardens of Christchurrh, North Adelaide, asking the Synod to define the boundaries oi the parish. Referred to the Standing Committee. AX nn5TEIX10IBLH RbQUJSST. Tbe Secbktabt announced ttmt be had re ceived the following letter.— 'To the Synod, of the Church of England assent bled in Ade laide.— Gentlemen— I venture to hope that I shall be deemed justified in appealing to the S,-nod for enquiry into the following circum stances : — 1. That there ia now reason to believe that it was through an admitted misapprehen sion of facts by the present Lord Bishop and Yery Reverend Dean of Adelaide that I have been unintentionally and irretrievably ruined in worldly estate through the Law Courts. 2\. That as a natural consequence of such mis apprehension and procedure I have been and am still shut out from a fair share of employ ment for self-support, notwithstanding that by ' the grace of God I have health and attainments ? equal to be useful for a livelihood in any Govern- - znent department or mercantile establishment. I humbly beg leave, therefore, to appeal with due icvercnce to the Synod to afford me an opportunity of explaining the above-mentioned circumstances and of producing documents and testimonials in my possession from others in support thereof. Trusting that defects, owing to my loneliness, in the composition of this letter may be allowed for and excused, X have tbe honour to be, gentlemen, your obedient servant, llv. Gilbert Symokdb (a- member of the Church of England; arrived before the priclamation of the colony per Cygnet, Sep tember, 1836.)' ' A short conversation ensued, in which the President stated that he did not understand to tihat' circumstances and to what misapprehen sion tbe letter alluded ; neither did he know the writ* r. t~. . ~ The letter was received. ? ? THE rBESIDEHT'8 ADDBB38. On the motion of Mr. G. W. Hawkes, seconded ! by Mr. T. S. Porter, it was resolved—' That the thanks of Synod are due to His Lord ship tbe Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report, and that they, with tbe statistical returns, be printed ia the report of Synod.' RETORTS, BTC. The following motions were carried without discussion:— Proposed by Mr. W.S. Douglas and seconded by Pvev. Canon OooubbS— ' That the reports of the Standing Committee, the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fond, the Clergy Annuity Fund, and the S .P.C.K. Committee be received, taken as read, and published in the report.' Proposed by Mr. G. W. Hawkes and seconded by Mr. J. Thobne — ?* That the balance-sheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1679, and the accounts of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund and Clergy Annuity Fund be received, adopted, and published in the report.' Proposed by the Rev. 8. Gebbh and seconded by Mr. A. Junes — 'That the thanks of Synod be given to the Attorneys of the B.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, the '. Committees of the Incorporated Church of Eng land Endowment Society and the Melanesian . Mission, for their accounts, reports, and statis tical returns, and that they be received and published in the report.' Proposed by Mr. W. 8\. Douglas, seconded by Mr. J. H. Cunningham: — ' That the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee.' Proposed by the Rev. S. Green, seconded by J. W. Castiner— 'That the Revs. H. M. Pollitt, W.G.Robinson, and S. Green, and the Secre tary be a committee to edit the report of Synod.' Proposed by the Yenerable Arch deacon Marryat, and seconded by the Rev. Canon Farr — 'That the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund report be adopted. CLEEOT AKHCTTT FUKD. Ypn. Archdeacon Mahbtat proposed— ' That tbe Clergy Annuity Fund report be adopted.' Jiev. Canon Faiib, in seconding, read a letter that Mr. Hawkes had received from a clergy man residing in the vicinity of Port Elliot. The writer said that a reference to an enclosed list of subscribers to the fund in question would show that much more might be done towards augmenting the fund if the clergy would take it up in a hearty manner. Oat of a list of seventy-four subscribers, the large proportion of twenty-two had been secured in tbat exceedingly poor district, owing to the matter having been brought well uuder the notice of the Church people by the incumbent of that district. The amount subscribed was cot large — £13 4*. — but if the whole of the clergy in tbat district only would set to work iu the same way it would give an addition to the fund of over £400, which continued for three years would be of very material assistance. The writer readily believed that small sums would be readily subscribed by Church people. He (Canon Farr) wished to direct attention to another point, viz., tbe statement that the fand was low available for annuitants. It might, perhaps, be thought desirable by Sjnod to fix what amount the annuity should be in case any application were made for it. In the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund the amount was fixed at £40 per annum. After discussion, Yen. Archdeacon Mahbtat proposed that a special committee of laymen should be appointed to collect subscriptions towards the fund, and tbe words 'and that s . committee consisting of Messrs. Cunningham, Hawkts, and Grundy be appointed to collect subscriptions' were added to tbe resolution. Tbe motion, as amended, was carried. CIEEGT 'WIDOTV A»D OBPHAM FUKD. On the motion of Kev. S. Geeen, seconded by Mr. W. S. Douglas, it was resolved— ' That - Clause 2 of Schedule A of the trust-deed of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be struck out, and tbe following insetted in place thereof: — ?Clergymen licensed by the Bishop sub sequently to May 1st, 1879, may secure tbe benefit of tbe fund within one year of obtaining their licence, by permission of the Standing Committee, on production of a raedical certificate satisfactory to tha Standing Committee of their being in sound health, and by contributing as follows: — 1. Unmarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 per annum ; 2. Married clergymen and widowers with a child. £4 per annum. After the ex piration of tbe above term of one year clergy men shall only be allowed to come under the provisions of the fund by permbsion of the Standing Committee on pr&ducing; a medical certificate satisfactory to the Standing Com mittee of their being in sound health, and on pjiyme-nt o£ double tbe amount of tbe arrears of subscription, reckoned from tbe date of their being licensed by tbe Bisbop.' ' TfcrSTEESEIP 0? rcVDS, On the motion of Mr. H. S. AntbokT, seconded by tbe Eev. Canon CooMm, it was resolved— ' That tbe Synod of tbe Church of England in tbe dioceae of Adelaide,. incorporated, accepts tbe properties and funds cow belonging and which may here after belong to tbo Clergy Annuity Fund in trust for tbe purposes and objects de clared thereof by tbo deed declaring the same, ?which bat! been prepared, and directs that the common seal of the eaid Synod ehsll be affixed thereto accordingly.' On the motion 'of Mr. T. O. Jokes, sacondod: by Mr. G. THOEJttBT, it waa resolved— 'The- Synod of tbe Church of England in tbo dioceae of' Adelaide, incorporated, hereby uathorizea and: directs the trustees for tbe time being of the? Endowment of Churches Fund to convey, aesiga, and transfer to the eaid Synod the properties and funds belonging to the trust* specified in a certain deed declaring trusts of the eaid f nnds, which hears date tho fifth day of January, in the year 1680, and is executed by Augustus Short, D,DO Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and John Morpbett, the trustees named therein to hold tbe iaid propertiee and funds ia trust for the parpo»ei« &Ed; objectff for which the said fond h«i been rnii^i.* On the motion of Mr. T. O. Jokes, seconded by Mr. G. Thohmljiy, it vraa resolved — 'The Synod of the Church of England in the diocese of Adelaide, incorporated, hereby authorizes and directs the trustees for the time being of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund and of the Guarantee Fund to convey, assign, and transfer to the said Syned the properties and funds belonging to the trusts specified in a certain deed declaring trusts of the said funds, which bean date the 15th day of May, in the year 1865, and is executed by Augustus Phort, DJX, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Neville Blyth, and Thomas J. S. CHalloran, the trustees named therein, to hold in trust for the purposes and objects for which the said funds have been raised.' HAXB OF CHURCH LA1TO3. Mr. H. S. AnTHcarr moved, and Mr. W. S. Douglas seconded — 'That a new clause be inserted in the Model Trust Deed, first section Fundamental Provisions, to read as follows :— Power of Sale — '12. Upon receiving from any Vestry a resolution passed by it and requesting the Syaod so do (bat not otherwise), the Synod may sell any land comprised in the Model Trust Deed of the Church, the affairs of which are managed by such Vestry, upon such terms and conditions as shall seem fit to the Synod. The purchase-money to be received for the Baid land shall be applied to the purpose or purposes (not being inconsistent with such trusts of such dewi) as shall be stated in such n solution, and as the Synod shall approve Provided always chat no proposition for the sale of any consecrated land or building shall be decided except at the »nnn»l session of Synod, or at a call of Synod, nor shall any such proportion be paoeed unless two-thirds of the members present on a division support the same.'' Mr. T. O. Jones said that he was glad to hear that Mr. Anthony desired to hedge the power he proposed to give the Synod with all possible restrictions. He thought that every case should be dealt with upon its merits, and would there fore move, as an amendment—' That the latter part of the resolution, commencing at the words l providing -Jways,' be struck out.* i A desultory discussion followed, during which opinions were expressed that the resolution as worded would prove entirely unworkable and ought to be reviewed by the legal advisers of the Synod. Mr. H. E. Dowmbb moved — ' That the motion should be referred to a committee consisting of Messrs. Barlow, Grundy, and Anthony, and that the debate be adjourned.' Mr. T. O. Johbs withdrew his amendment, and Dr. Gossb seconded that of Mr. H. E. Downer. Mr. H. S. AsTHoirr remarked that he was willing that the clause should be referred to a committee, as he desired that it should be clearly and properly drawn out. The amendment was carried, and became the substantive motion. The Rev. A. Shlls moved, and the Ven. Arch deacon Mabstxt seconded a further amend ment — 'That the committee be permitted to deal only with non-consecrated land.' After a protracted debate the amendment was carried. UAKiaBKBHT OF CKHHTHBTSS. On the motion of the Ven. Archdeacon Marrtat, seconded by the Rev. J. O. Hatkbs, it was resolved — ' That it is desirable that a clause be added to the Model Trust Deed regu lating the management of cemeteries, and that a committee be appointed to draft such a clause, and report the same to the Standing Committee.' It was further resolved that the said Com mittee should consist of the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. F. Hocter and Canon Farr, and Messrs. Barlow and Moulden. THB LATH BISHOP TYBBHT.T.. On the motion of Mr. G. W. Ha.wk.bs, seconded by Rev. Canon Coombs, the following resolution was agreed to :— ' That this Synod expresses its sympathy with the Diocese of Newcastle on the loss it has sustained through the death of the Right Rev. Walter TyrrelL and its admiration of the character and labours of the deceased Bishop.' 8r. pbter's, wrxLUMSTOwar. Ven. Archdeacon Mabbyat moved, and Rev S. Grbbh seconded : — 'That, in accordance with the recommendation of the Election Com mittee, Syned declare the trustB under which it holds St. Peter's Church, Williamstown, on being requested to do so by the Vestry.' ADJOCRireourr. At 10 o'clock the Synod adjourned until 11 o'clock next day. 