The party which is called the constitu tional party, and is not, is always con fident and assertive, and is always wrong. It has lost faith in its leaders, in itself, and in much of its doctrine, but wisdom and modesty aro still un known to it. It always returns to its wallowing in the -mire. Nothing .abashes it. Its fallacies are exposed, its facts refuted, yet it learns nothing. "What did it tell us 1 That cap#d would fly -the country; that credit was destroyed ; that the foremost colony of the Southern hemisphere would become a by-word amongst our countrymen, and a shocking example for other rising States. Every prediction has been 'falsified, every assertion dis proved. Capital has not iied tho country, as wo have shown many a time and oft. Credit has not been impaired. Three millions have been borrowed on ex cellent terms, and a substantial addition been thus made to the money power of tho country. We wcro to bo de prived of our population, which was to find in adjacent colonies tho employ ment which, in consequence of the Berry blight, was lacking in its own. New South Wales was held up to us as a felicitous example of the advantages that ensued from good government. Free-trade and political repose were con trasted with protection and political energy. As is always the case in a new country when times aro dull, a few rest less, impatient spirits seek " fresh fields " and pastures new f and so a few persons have sought in New South Wales the opportunity which was tem porarily wanting here. In all new countries there is something of a gre garious spirit ; and in ours the desire of change, and the large pxrificfcations benotten of tlie crold— fields, havo not yet been quite toned down to tho more moderate wishes suited to tho changed and changing cir cumstances of the present time. But New South Wales is not that Promised Land for the working classes which tho party of disaffection, tho traitors to their own, pointed out to them. Another augury has failed, and the augurs notwithstanding, Victoria still offers to labor tho best field. Wo shall never convince the party whose wishes aro the offspring of their political enmity charm wo never so wisely. It would not be persuaded though "ono " rose from the dead." Let us offefr it another authority. Wo recently gave it the Brisbane Courier's .condemnation of its political malevolence. We offer it now tho j Sydney MaiVs refutation of its' assumption of the superior prosperity of- our northern neighbor. This is what the Mail of last Saturday says, in the courso of an article on the International Exhibition building iu course of erection in Sydney ; — " In connection with " the employment of men on the " work, it is surprising how largo a num- " ber of applicants there are for em- " ployment as laborers, many of them " being men utterly unsuitable for the " land of labor that is to bo performed. " Butchers, grocers, bakers, shoemakers, "cooks, waiters, weavers, sailors and " oven masters and mates of vessels " Jiavc been among tho number, and " they aro counted by liundreds a week. " Mr. Young says that if he wanted 2000 " unskilled laborers he could get them " without difficulty, and he expresses his " surprise at finding so many people of " this class out of employment. Nearly " all tradesmen who apply are at onco " engaged." Now, this is' a very queer sort of paradise for the work ing man. This is tho colony which the party of disaffection delighteth to honor. It has no Berry blight,' no constitutional difficulty, no dreadful em bassy ; but free-trade, political repose, wo aro assured one of the greatest statesmen of the day, Sir Henry Parkes, at the head of its affairs — and this is the result ! Spiritualists havo hitherto been re garded as a harmless body of phantom- chasers who believe that a new revelation was given to tho world about tho timo of tho Rochester rappings, and that they havo been providentially raised up to stem tho lido of materialism which threatens to sweep away all tho old belief in a life beyond the grave, and to prove by actual visual demonstration that thero is such a thing as spirit, and that it dwells around us in some extra- mundane sphere of its own. Matthew Arnold say s that " a man of a serious " temper, or even a man of mature " sense, will pay no attention to them but tho answer to this is that a largo number of men with both these charac teristics have not only disregarded Arnold's taunt, but havo adopted tho doctrines he treats so lightly. Whatever tho alleged spiritual manifestations may be, there is no shut ting our eyes to tho fact that while somo - scientists like Professor Crookes are con tent with the explanation that they are due to psychic force, others of scarcely less note go further, and attribute them to tlie disembodied ghosts of their grandfathers and grandmothers. It seems to be in harmony with the law of our nature that the be lieving faculty and the critical faculty may co-exist in almost equal proportions in the same minds. No amount of worldly sagacity or literary penetration can save a man from being the victim of hallucinations, if his nervous organi sation impels him. We do not allude to the mere fidgety feeling which made Dr. Johnson object to go under a ladder, or Montaigne to give his left foot tho priority in pulling on his stockings. Wc have in view rather those solemn visitings from the spiritual side of our nature which gave to Socrates his demon, and peopled the spectral world of Luther, Pascal ar.d Ignatius Loyola. Lecky re marks : — " The reality of witch-miracles " was established by a critical tribunal " which was the most searching then " existing in the world, and by the judi- " cial decisions of the law courts of " every European country, supported " by the unanimous voice of public " opinion, and corroborated by tlie in- " vestigation of some of the ablest men " during several centuries." When Sir Matthew Hale sentenced two witches to be hanged in Suffolk in 1661, lie declared from tho bench that " the reality of witchcraft was " unquestionable, for, first, the Scrip- " tures had approved so much, and " secondly, the wisdom of all nations " had decreed laws against such per- " sons." Sir Thomas Browne, a dis tinguished author and physician, swore at the trial that he was of opinion the women wero witches. This consensus of testimony from such men Is valuable, not. to prove or disprove the truth of witchcraft, but to show that in all states of society the supernatural selects its votaries from tho highest as well as the lowest intellects, and that as spiritualism is phcnoihenally allied to witchcraft, so the counterparts of Sir Matthew Hale and Sir Thomas Browne may be found among Spiritualists. But, unfortunately, the case is not concluded here. Accord ing to Mrs. Ilaruingo-Britten there are Spiritualists and Spiritualists ; and if what she is reported to have told her audience at the Opera House on Sun day night is correct, all aro not the harmless and unobjectionable students of tho supernatural that they pretend to bo. "Ono class," she said, "made " use of the new creed to relievo them " from all restraint in order to indulge " in licentiousness." This is a very por tentous statement to be made by a lady who is reported to bo one of the high- priestesses of the cult, and to bo in the secret of their inner life and habits. As long as the spirits are invoked to give entertainment to the family circle by bringing messages from the other world, there is nothing more to be said against- it than there is to be said 'against any other, form of parlor magic. But when we hear that tho dark seance is pervaded by tlie morality of the Eleusinian mysteries, it is time to prick up our enr3 and ask that some more light should be thrown upon the matter. The plancliette Is become such a popular article of household furniture that it might do incalculable mischief if it wero made aii instrument for purposes such as Mrs. Britten hints at. .We have nothing to do with the doctrines or practices of Spiritualism except for the philosophical curiosity that belongs to them as mental phenomena ; but when licentiousness is associated with them, it is clear that they become an object of police- interest to society. Every Spiritualist may not answer to Mrs. Britten's description, but if her classification of. them is cor rect, then Spiritualism is in danger of degenerating into a scorlatory religion like free-loveism, and the respectable members of the sect ought to take stops to get rid of the infectious element from their midst as soon as possible. 