LLOCUTION OF HIS HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII., Delivered in the Pbivate Consistory ON THE 12TH INST., Venerable Bbethben,— God, rich in mercy, who tempers the lot of man by mingling joy with sorrow, and sweetness with bitterness, has vouchsafed to refresh our humility, saddened OF .contemplation of the public grtefs, with certain consolations, especially during the time which has elapsed since we addressed to you our last llocution. The memory will not have passed from our minds of what we addressed to you n that occasion, when we confirmed the lection or postulation of our venerable rother the Patriarch of Babylon of the haldeans, expressing our confidence hat -those who are charged with the overnment of the Ottoman Empire ould easily be induced to give to the atholics subject to their sway, in a full nd cumulative manner, whatever is emanded by equity and justice. We re now enabled to congratulate ourelves that what we then hoped and rayed for has, through the favour and oodness of God, and the justice of the rince who rules over that empire, been ccomplished. And in the first place the Patriarch of Babylon of the Chaldeans, to whom we have referred, regularly elected and confirmed by us, has been furnished with the Civil Diploma, by which, as the publicly acknowledged head of the Chaldean nation, he is endowed with the free exercise of all the rights and privileges which his predecessors possessed and exercised in virtue of their dignity. This prosperous beginning was followed by other events still more joyful; for he who by an illegitimate path had attained the episcopal see of Zaki, and soon after had assumed the patriarchal dignity, and the other monks and ecclesiastics who were the associates of his defection, submitting themselves by a humble and sincere declaration to this Apostolic See, have meritoriously atoned for their former error. Whence the hope shines pTton us that the lamentable schism wMgi luw afflicted the Catholic Chaldeans dwaqm is Mesopotamia will be tHotwfi^Bly'extinqnished and destroyed. While we were heartily and with good reason rejoicing at this event, the termination of the contention which had been carried on with asperity between the Jacobite heretics and the Catholics of Mosul of the Syrian Jrite gave us fresh cause for gladness. You knew, Venerable Brethren, that these heretics, turning to their own advantage the brief dissension between the Catholic Patriarch of the Syrians and the Civil Government, suddenly seized the churches by armed force, which heretofore had been held in peaceful possession by the Catholics, and pertinaciously resisted their just and persistent expostulations, trusting to the avour and assistance of some powerful ndividuals. But lately, when an easy ay to the Imperial Court, had been pened to the voice of justice, and the ecision of this affair was referred to the rbitration of illustrous men, who Were ccredited by the French and English overnments to the Supreme Ruler of he Ottoman Empire, an equitable award as made which satisfied the just claims f the Catholics. And we are the more ejoiced at this victory because several amilies of the Jacobites who inhabit ardin have retprned to the ancient I aith of their fathers, and many others ave given unequivocal indications of heir intention to follow this example. Bnt although the events to which we have referred have been very gratifying to us, yet we have derived the greatest of our consolations from Hie happy change which has taken place in the Armenian nation. We will not, venerable brethren, diminish the happiness of this event, by calling to mind the Bufferings undergone for nine years with great fortitude by so many Armenian Catholics, who, with their illustrious pastors, adhisrea to this chair of truth, through the fraud and malice of those who, forgetful of their duty, fell away from Catholic unity. For these, attacking their innocent brethren by calumnies, sought to instill a false opinion of them into the minds of the rulers of the state; suggesting that the^ugurity and snpremacy of this ^tttfl^Hbo .threatened the that the wceti toiheir prinoe,and tliat they to tjie rights and flf nations. 3%an wlueh ppos^ can bemore unreasonable and for the dumh of Christ, looking only-to the eternal ] ness of sou%: strives everywheifcjto promote and gofcd this by those supernatural defences %jtth which it is divinely ntaiished. But i»t for this does xt disturb the order of civil society, or weaken the authority of earthly princes; but, taught by the words of the apostle, it exhorts every soul to be subject to the higher powers, not for wrath only but for conscience sake; and experience has proved that people have been faithful to their princes fan the same proportion as they have maintained an uncorrupted faith in God, under the teaching and guidance of the Church. Moreover reason teaches and history attests that the bonds by which the people of a country are bound together are strengthened and solidified by the Catholic religion; and by this means the public tranquillity of states, and other advantages of great importance which are derived from it, most flourish and endure. We do not desire to dwell upon the refutation of those falsehoods, which, in the lamentable tim£ of dissension were engendered by envy and hatred, inasmuch as those who strove to defend theic defection by calumnies and specious arguments have repented of their actions and words. There were some of them who, turning back to the better path, and detesting their evil deeds, have proclaimed by the fact of their repentance that truth, justice, and solid happiness are only to be found in the maternal bosom of the Church. Wherefore, drawing the veil of charity over those things have been said and done amiss, it becomes us to rejoice with the heavenly Father that those who were dead have come to life, and that those who were lost have been found. And among those who by their return have filled up out joy to the full, we would, in the first place, commend him whom those who fell away constituted the leader and the head of their ist'jction, for, giving a noble and bright example of a great and strong mind, he was no , ashamed to own that he had fallen; he 1 laid down of his own free will the honours and dignities unrightfully attained; he strove to expiate his error by salutary penance; his acta and his demeanour indicated the sincerity of his conversion; finally, coming to us, he gave a distinguished proof of subjection and obedience. Wherefore we have come to the conclusion to treat him with leniency, and we have thought right, laying aside the usual course of ecclesiastical discipline, to grant to him the favour of bearing the episcopal insignia. God grant that those Who followed him in his unhappy defection may soon imitate his return into the camp of Israel. Meantime, while we cherish this hope, we ^rejoice that after the termination of a long contest the Catholic community of the Armenians and their legitimate Patriarch, having honourably achieved peace, have been restored by the Imperial Ottoman Government to the possession of their rights. And we pay a deserved tribute of praise to that Government because, ignoring the calumnies of its adversaries, it willingly gave to the Catholics everything that their own rights and the duty of a just sovereign demanded. And in so doing it has clearly signified its fixed and certain intention to carry out faithfully all those stipulations for the protection of the fall exercise of the Catholic worship in the countries subject to Ottoman rule, which in public compact made (with the most powerful nations of Europe were during the last year provided and agreed to. For these happy events, venerable brethren, our heartiest thanks should be rendered to God, the everlasting Giver of all good things, „„ and we should address to Him our supplications to w strengthen and confiim whaThwbeen Zeom^aked tAd to give daily increase thereto, It was our desire to communicate to you these matters concerning the affairs of the Eastern Church in brief terms upon his day. And now, Venerable Brethren, it js pleasing to ns to give a public proof of onr love and affection towards your exalted Order, which from the commenooment of our Pontificate we have declared was most dear to as, and would ever be held in our highest estimation. We have determined on this] dayj to add t your College men of the most illostriow and proved character, some of whom by their great neal, prndenoe, and assiduity in the discharge of pastoral duties, In the care of the salvation of sonls, in defending by their pablie Writings ond discourses the doctrines andrighis of ike Church; some by their grast scMntfBo ttainment^ ana the they have duty of t< monumentsitf ytothe ... _ - enduredi aasy, see* and known by away j osibwattawilwi > * ^ijiySt;! to iW distinguisheS! by ejfie title ihd ihfcigtila oi your exalted dignity. FKEDEEIC, ItU^tSS&AVE; OF 3?UEf STENfeirko, A^Ebielipp'dfObMti, JTOIAN PioBiXk Despjrez, i bishop of Totilousei and boflrie. liotris Hayh&ld;, Arcllbi^hbp tit Italocs and Baca. Loots FiukoIs Pie, Bishop of Roitiers. AMEKICO FERBErRA DOS SANCTOS SUVA, Bishop of Oporto. Gaetano Alimonda, Bishop of Albenga. John Newman, Priest of St Philip's Oratory of the London Congregation. Joseph osEi'H HehgeneoTHer, Prelate of Our Pontifical Household. Doctor in the University of Wiirzburg. Thomas Zigliara, member of the Dominican Order, Hector of the College of St. Thomas Aquinas De Urbe. To these we add our brother Joseph Pecci, sub-perfect of our Vatican library, of whom we will, venerable brethren, «ay only this, that he has for a long time discharged the duty of a professor of literature and of the severer branches of learning, that he is bound to us by themost cordial affection, and is cherished by us with equal love, and that in his election you, by your most honourable judgment, by your unanimous and kindly feeling in his regard, have taken part; for which, therefore, as it seems to us to be just, we tender to you our grateful thanks. What seems good to you ? By the authority of Almighty God, of the Holy Apostles, Peter and Paul, and by our own, we create Cardinal Priests of the Holy Roman Church, Fhedeeio, Landgrave of Fcek- STENBEBG. Jtjlian Floeian Desprez. Louis Haynald. Louis Francis Pie. Americo Ferreira dos Saisctos Suva. Gaetano Ahmonda. And Deacons: Joseph Pecci. John Newman. Joseph Hergenrother. TriOMAB ZlGUARA. With the necessary aid befitting dispensations,' derogations and provisions. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. 