LIONEL BATESOX A PART OF HIS LIFF CHAPTER XX. BY L. MORRIS And so at last Lionel was in England once more. He did not feel much inclined for the noisy conversation and loud laughter of his fellow passengers, as six of them were rattled up to town on the morning after, their arrival at Southampton, but sat by himself, and looked out from his corner of the railway carriage upon the bright English country through which they were passing. Yes, he was at home at last, and the dream he had so often had when camped out -at nigh*; under the eloudles3 Australian sky, with the Southern Cross and the bright constellations of the other hemisphere over Ilia .head,, or when going his lonely rounds through the blenk bare couutry, burned v. jth the scorching rays' of the summer's sup, that dream of grten^fields and fresh sparkling brooks, of well-wooded hills and plains, clad !':O'IQ head to foot in tlieir countless varietieb oi - le-if and light and shade, was realized at leug'h as he looked on the fair landscape lyirg fresh and green in the early summer day. Now they were drawing near London, and as they left tlie open country behind, and came first iuto the region of villas and gardens, and then into the more densely populated outskirts of the great city, be began to feel a sense of loneliness amongst all the bustle and stir around him. Five years makes a great deal of difference-in a man's surroundings at Lionel's time of life. The young fellows he had known in the freshness of their still new emancipation from tutors, masters, governors, and guardians, would by this time probably be settled down into steady-going men, either married or seriously thinking of taking that step. The girls who had been his partners at balls or dances would be still more altered, and almost a new generation would have sprung np, in the midst of which he would be unknown and not wanted. He fplfc himself quite old as he thought of til the changes that would have taken place in his absence, and tbe utter loneliness of his position struck him more and more. At Waterloo all the party that had come up together from Southampton separated. Each had his family and friends to see; some were met at the station, and at once welcomed back to the parental sheepfold; be alone. seemed to have no one waiting for him, or longingly expecting his return. A cordial shake of the hand from Hutton and the other men, with—" Sure to drop across you one of these days," or " My Club is the Soand-So," and the people with whom he had been living for weeks were gone, and he was alone on the platform. He was half undecided where to turn his steps as he stood there with his baggage around him, but after being run into by hSlf-adozen porters who were hurrying about, pushing trucks laden with luggage before them, being jostled to and fro by the crowd emerging from the train, he called a cab, and drove to an hotel in the Strand, where he took a room, and having removed the South-Western dirt and dust from his clothes, he sat down to consider what his next step should be. Here he was in London at last—the day he had so long looked forward to had come, and the dream of years was realized. He had thought much and often of his return, but he had never fully considered how lonely and friendless he would feel when he was really in London once more, and how strange it would all seem at first. In a well known book, " Two Years before the Mast,", the author describes his return home after two years of hard work, danger, and isolation from all society of bis own class, two years spent among South Sea Islanders and rough Yankee sailors, carrying hides down the rocky cliffs of tbe Califomian coast, or wet to the skin and numbed with cold shortening sail off Cape Horn. And when the ship at last got safe into port, and danger, discipline, aod toil were at an end, instead of rushing on shore to meet the friends be had been so long dreaming of, he sat down in the dingy little forecastle, where he. had spent so many days and nights of misery and discomfort, and halfwished that the voyage was-not at an end, and that he had not seen the last of his rough ship mates. And to a certain extent Lionel had the same feelings. The quiet gradual realization of his desires after the prolonged excitement of years of waiting and hoping was almost too much for him, and tbe reality was so cold and dull after, the bright pictures that he had painted of homeand his return, that it required a great effort to throw off the sense of weariness and disappointment, and make his way out into the street. He turned his face citywards, and as he walked once more through the well-known street, and passed each old familiar building, he found himself gradually becoming interested in it all, and his sense of indifference wearing off. The mere fact of moving about and diverting his thoughts a little from himself was good for him. Still, as he passed along the Strand and Fleet- street he could not help looking back on the past, and thinking of that June morning five years before, when he had set off for Lombard-street, intending to work away in the Bank, and make a fortune there. Well, the fortune had come to him in another way than in business, and sooner than he had ever expected; but in gaining it he had lost all desire for the things which had then constituted his idea of worldly happiness. Life did not seem nearly as bright to him now as it had done five years ago, when he was starting on his career as a clerk with £150 a year, for as yet he was friendless and alone, with no settled plan for the future, only a feeling that his past life had been a mis take, useless alike to' himself and all around him. Yet he did not remain very long in this state, for it was 1 o'clock when he reached the end of Lombard-street, and in spite—or rather because—of his misery, he turned into a chophouse, and, alas! that I should hive to chronicle so unromantic a fact, he made si hearty meal, and having washed it down with a pint of good old English bitter, felt more like himself again, and began to think be might still manage to support existence after all. And what mortal (unless, indeed, he is a poor wretch troubled with weak digestive organs) does not feel on better terms with himself and his neighbour after a good .square meal. Can we wonder that Hamlet was the unhappy character he is represented when the only food he ever mentioned as getting in that dismal old Castle of Elsinore was cold baked meat. No wonder he was always imagining he saw ghosts if that was his diet in days when pure pepsine and pancreatic emulsion were unknown. After a cigarette and a cup of coffee had been discussed Lionel decided that it would be better not to go straight off to the Bank. It was a long time since he tad heard from home, and all sorts of changes might have taken place in Lombard-street; besides, if he did find his father there, it was rather too public a spot for a reconciliation after that qnarrel of which all the clerks must' be informed. So he turned down into Old Jury, deciding that his first visit should be to Mr. Bannister, tbe family solicitor. He had always managed Mr. Bateson's affairs, and Lionel had named him his agent as a matter of course, for besides being their legal adviser, he was an old friend of all the family. From him he coul4 leapi) the changes that had taken place amongst hiz people, what was the present position of affairs, and whether it was probable there would be any difficulty in effecting a complete reconciliation with his father, though, to tell tbe truth, Lionel knew enough of Mr. Bateson's character to be aware that his six thousand a year would probably be more than sufficient to blot out all his past iniquities, heinous as they had been in his father's eyes. _ He was not kept waiting very long in the little back room in which Mr. Bannister's clients usually had to sit and amuse themselves with tlie advertisement sheet of the 'firms, or an old Lair List until the solicitor was ready to receive them. So important a client was, perhaps admitted a little sooner than a less wealthy one would have' been, yet on the whole Mr. Bannister showed little or no preference. After a long talk about his own private affairs, stpeks, shares, investments, deeds, and so on, Lionel began to enquire about the state of affairs at Ba.teson-pWe and at the Bank, and heard a good deal of news which his friend Dile had either not cared to divulge or bad not himself known. His father, it seemed, did not take as much interest in City matters as he had formerly done, and the actual management. of the Bank was almost- entirely in the hands'of hit cousin Reginald. The senior partner had lately been elected member for the Eastern Division of his county, and had given himself up a great deal to his Parliamentary duties, being a fearful thorn in the side of his opponents when any financial subject was under discuss ion, worrying them with demands for the fullest explanations and the production of endlesi papers. Yet he still kept on his private ro$£i at the Bank, and was always to be found there for "at jieast two hours eygry morning. Business generally had been' very 1 bad lately, and though Mr. Bannister did not for a momeht doubt tjjfi solvency of the house of R. Bateson and Co.,'yet he shook h'is head when Lionef said something about the profits they must have been making of late. '' If I were your father," the lawyer said, " I would make over the whole concern to Mr. Reginald. He is a good man of business, and could no doubt contrive to make it pay much bettor than it does now ; for there are many profitable reforms he would introduce if he could, only your father will not hear of havingany alterations made in the working. He does not trouble himself much about business now, but he likes thiugsto remain as they always were. Your poor brother's death was a great shock to him." " Arthur dead!" exclaimed Lionel. " I never heard of it. When did it happen?" " Dear me! Did you not know ? But of course you would not have had a letter by this time, for they only got the news themselves some three months ago. He was travelling for the benefit of his health and died abroad." Lionel was very much shocked at this news. He had never had much in common with his brother, who had always been more or less an invalid, and he reproached himself now for never having written to him, or enquired about him since be bad been away in Australia. And he thought- how few were-his reai~friend»-athome, and how ill any member of their narrow family could be spareid from it. After some further talk Lionel asked Mr. Bannister about his sister M:iude. He -had noticed that Dale, when in Australia, had been particularly reticent upon that subject, and as he had before suspected his friend was smitten with his pretty sister, his silence, when the subject cropped up in their conversation, had -made him almost positive his suspicions were correct. And now a few words from the law.; er quite confirmed them. " No; your cousin does not often go to Bateson-place now. I think one member of the household, at least, made him feel his visits were not very welcome, and though Miss Maude is an angel, as all the old men and women a£d children in the neighbourhood of Bateson-place will tell you, yet she can hold her own pretty well against most mortals. Besides, I fancy her thoughts run on some one else than Mr. Reginald, and I hope that, for both their sakes, your friend Dale will bring matters to a happy termination as soon as he returns home." As it was very evident from what Mr. Bannister had said that there was no chance of seeing Mr. Bateson, sen., at the Bank that day at least, Lionel determined to go back to his hotel, and stay that night in town, and then as the next day was Saturday, and the House would not be sitting, to go down into Sussex, and there meet bis father. CHAPTER XXL A visit to his tailor was of course the first thing that demanded bis attention, and then he began to consider what he could do, or with whom he was on sufficiently familiar terms to make an afternoon call at the end of the season in a pot hat and light clothes. " Viva La tour," he thought, " said once that she would be glad to see me at any time. She was the last person I Baw before leaving home, and it is to her I will first make a visit on my return." So he set. off for South • Kensington, thinking, as-he. passed .the Park . Gates, and caught a glimpse of the carriages and people inside, of the last time he had gone that way, just before leaving England for his temporary banishment in the bushl The little house was just as bright-looking as it used to be in days gone by. The windows were full of flowers,-4he "birds -were -singing in their gilded ca.ges, "the same xnaid'opened the door to Lionel when he rang. Here at last it seemed as if he would receive the same hearty welcome as he had done in the old days, and when the mistress of the house appeared he found it was so. " Mr. Bateson," she said, " is it really you. I could hardly believe my eyes when Mary brought me your card. You are so altered that I think I should have hardly recognised you had we met in the street, and I must say I think Australia has agreed with you." " Well, I suppose years of hard work in tbe bush do make a difference in a man. But I have been thinking all day that it was not I, but the world and the people around me that had grown old and different." " Thank you, Mr. Bateson, for I know you include me in the people around yon. Now don't make any apologies about the present company being always excepted. I know it must be so; but tell me about yourself—when did you return, have you been successful, how is Mrs. Bateson?" " Mrs. Bateson, Viva—for I may still call you so—may I not? I don't quite understand you." "Your wife, I mean. -Are you. not married? Your last and only letter told me you were engaged." Lionel did not-notice the eager look that came over her face as she asked- the' question, or'the flush that spread over her features as she turned away to the window, '^vhen he' said :—- " No; my engagement was broken off through no fault of mine, nor Iter's either, poor thing, for that matter. But don't let us discuss that affair, it is gone and buried in the dead past, and I must forget it all. What have you been doing since you retired from the stage; you must find time hang very heavily on' your hands, I should think." "At -first I certainly did feel fearfully wretched. I had no idea till that last night how fond I was of my profession. When I found myself in my little room, for the last time after the curtain had fallen, and all my fellow actors and actrpssey came^jeqnnd ~me to say good-bye, I broke down- altogether, and I don't know what I should have done had I not gone straight away to the Continent, and occupied my mind with new scenes and new faces. Gradually the longing for the glare of the footlights and the applause of the audience has left me, and I feel quite content to stay quietly in my own little house- But now, Mr. Bateson, I want to hear of your adventures, for you must have had a great many. What is life in the bush like?" '",'"'- So Lionel gave her some descriptions of life in the Far North, then of the colonies generally, and Adelaide and its society in particular, till he was surprised and almost ashamed to find himself talking .of Constance Meadows and the days gone by in an almost cheerful manner. No. mention was made of Gray's death by Lionel, and his wife evidently did not attempt to profess any feelings of love or regard for such a hqsb^d. It was getting' late when Lionel took his leave and made his way back to his hotel. He thought as he went along how little she had changed; how pretty, how interesting she was, and how well, she talked (she had done nothing else but listen to his stories, and keep him interested in them by asking judicious questions), and then he wondered why she had not married again; and if Clinton was still as friendly with her as ever. Altogether his mind was very much occupied with her, and when light suit and all he visited the Club that evening, and was welcomed back by. many of his old-friends, he felt strangely relieved to learn on inquiring for Clinton that he had been married to a rich American belle at the very beginning of that season. The next morning the sitn shone bright and warm, and Lionel's spirits were high as he took his seat in the train for Sussex, notwithstanding that the hour of his rather dreaded meeting with his father was so close at hand. He was almost at a loss to. accoant to himself for the change that had come over him in the last twenty- four hours. No great or good ne^s had been heard by him, all the circumstances qf his life were the same, yet on the previous day, when he arrived at Waterloo, he had wished himself back in South Australia, whilst now his heart was light, and he began to look forward almost cheerfully to the f utqre. He wondered whether Reginald knew of his return home, and laughed as he thought how his cousin's malice and underhand cunning iu ousting him from his position in the Bank had proved the means of making his fortune. What would have become of him, he wondered, had he stayed on in England with the old set; for he felt he would not have had strength of mind to free himself altogether from them, striving to combine pleasure with business, and being successful in neither? Now he was young, in splendid health, with a handsome fortune at his command, and the world before'him, and as the train stopped at the little station where he must alight, he sprang out with a light heart, and made his way through the well- remembered village lanes tp his old home. The house lay away from the village on tbe other side of the line, and the familiar fields and trees seemed smaller, and the lane$ narrower after the large paddocks and big gum-trees and broad white roads of South Australia. All the villagers were away working in the fields, and excepting the hum of the bees in their hives beside the little white cottages, and the drowsy murmur of the school children as they droned out the morning tasks, there was no sign of life about the place. So he strolled along quite unnoticed through tbe narrow lanes, with their high banks and hedges on each side, in all the full flash of their rich summer leaf and flower, till he came to the high fence which enclosed the Park. He entered through a little handgate some way from the lodge and main entrance, and walked down the gently undulating turf, studded with big old troes, under whose shade the deer were resljrij from, the summer oun till he came to the sunk feiice whifch divjdfed the house and gafdebs from fife Park! "His ancestors must surely have been very ignorant or heedless of all sanitary laws when they placed the house at the foot of a little hill in a thickly wooded hollow, and near it a large old pond, still well stocked with sluggish freshwater fish, in which tbe boys of the Bateson family had for centuries successfully set night* lines for eels. The house itself was of red brick, a low rambling old-fasbioned place, with innumerable chimney-stacks, gilded weathercocks, and pointed gables; a house in the construction of which its architect had broken every law and rule of his profession, and had consequently succeeded in producing a solid thoroughly comfortable edifice, even if it were not very imposing-looking. A*; the back a well-kept garden sloped away down a gentle incliue, and on the south and north sides were stables and outhouses, whilst a large grass-plot, with an old sundial in the centre, surrounded by a carefully rolled carriage-drive, occupied the front. In the garden, stooping over a bed of flowers, with a large straw hat on her head, a basket on her arm, and a big mastiff at her side, was a girl of some 19 years old. At the sound of Lionel's footsteps crossing the gravel path, she turned and looked ac him a moment, but evidently without recognising him.Tvbite the dog placing himself in front of Lur gave a low deep growl, which was suddenly changed into a short bark of recognition as the stranger advanced, and in another minute Lionel's, old friend and companion was springing upon him, and trying to lick the well known face. " Leo, come here, Sir, this moment. I really must apologise " began Maude. " Well, I never believed in all the wonderful stories we hear of dogs' memories being better than those of human being* till now; but certainly Leo's is better than yours, Maude. Don't you remember me even now ?" "What, Lionel, it can't be you? You dear old boy, how glad I am to see you. Have you come straight from the train; are you quite alone?" Yes, my dear, Dale was still in Australia when I left, but he will be home before long." "Nonsense, Sir, I was not thinkicg of Mr. Dale. I mean you have seen nothing of papa; he went for a walk towards" the village. I thought you might have met him on your way up."~ " No, I did not see him; aud to tell you the truth I feel a little afraid of facing him for tho first time." " Poor little thing. You look a weak nervous creature, I am sure. But I am very very glad to have you back again. You will stay down here for the present at all events, won't you ? I will drive you all round the country in my new pony chaise, and show you all my pensioners. I have got such a quantity of them. Pap* says they impose on me, and that I encourage them in idleness and all corts of things, but I am really awfully-severe with tfcem. Besides there are now only five weeks be! ore September, and I heard Dixon saying tbe other day that the place is swarming with partridges, so you ought to have good aport." As they talked on different subjects and Lionel was thinking how pretty and clever his sister had become, and that Dale had shown good taste in choosing her, a well-known figure made its appearance at the end of the garden, and with steady regular pace advanced towards them. "Here is papa," cried Maude as she saw her father coming. " Papa, do you know who this is ?" Really, Maude, your spirits are almost too high, my child. I don't think I have ever had the pleasure"-——and Mr. Bateson stopped as .Lionel came towards him. " Why, father, you don't mean to say that I am so changed as all that ?" " What, Lionel, my boy, is it really you ? Welcome home at last." So the much- dreaded meeting was over without any need for the explanations and long speeches Lionel had been preparing for the occasion. .. That night -after dinner Mr. Bateson made what for him was a wonderful concession, owniug to Lionel that he had been a little hasfy in his sudden refusal to have anything more to do with him and to listen to his explanations. He confessed that after his son's departure from England his conscience had smitten him when he thought of the course he had pursued towards him; but when he heard how well he was getting on in Australia he thought that perhaps it would be best to let matters take their own course. " And you know, Lionel," he said with a smile, " I don't think yoa would really have ever made a good banker." Well, Sir, perhaps it was not the most suitable career I could have gone in for; and, after all, 'all's well that ends well,' and I certainly have been very lucky, and have much to be thankful for. But there is one thing I must - say, and that is that I think you seeing me that day at Richmond was not entirely a matter of chance." And he .gave his father full particulars of Clinton's visit to the Bank, and how he felt certain that his cousin. : had overheard their conversation. " Well, Lionel, you really astonish me; such a thing never entered my head j but really it -does seem quite possible that your idea may be correct. I hope for Reginald's sake it is not so, but I must, say several things have taken place lately which have somewhat weakened my confidence' in him. I know -he is very ambitious and selfish, and I have not found him so attea-« tive to my wishes and ready to take my suggest tions of late as he formerly was" Mr. BatogQU paused a minute, and looked rather sorrowful as he went on, "You know, Lionel, yoa-are now-my only son, and if Reginald were to leave.me there is no oue to carry on the business, for I am getting old; and besides" (and here Mr. Bateson looked rather important) "I have the interests of my constituents to attend to. I wish yon were fitted to take the management of the Bank; it will be a great pity if that firm, which, with proper manage* ment, might in course of time exercise as much influence on the affairs of England as Rothschild does, -ceases to exist. After all, there seems nothing else to expect. Now let ns go into the drawing-room." Lionel had ideas of his own about the future management of the Bank in which his friend Dale was to play an important part, but as yet it was too early to say anything to his fathe? about this. That night Lionel slept ance again under the old roof, and Bjany thoughts of the past and dreams of a bright future haunted MB slumhera. All seemed to be going well with him. His reconciliation with his father was complete, and promised to be lasting; his sister's affections were evidently centered in Dale, and although no brother has, at all events at first, a feeling of profound satisfaction in the thought of the entrance of a friendly robber into the family dove-cot, yet Dale was his oldest friend, and he knew he would make Maude a good husband. And as for himself, his heart was now once more his own; he was free to turn his thoughts on whomsoever he pleased; instead of the visions of Constance Meadows in her far-away Australian home,- which had- so often haunted him, the principal female figure in his dreams bore a strong resemblance to Viva Latour, aad the scene of them was laid in South Kensington, or even in the grounds, of Bateson-place, not in Adelaide. Mr. Bateson in his room was revolving many things in his mind. He bad not been very well pleased with his partner lately, and now Lionel's disclosures had made him still more dissatisfied with Reginald and suspicions of h}m. Besides, he conld not help feejipg his own conduct had been unkind to Iqs son. He ought not to have condemned him unheard, and though he had persuaded himself it had all been for the best, and Lionel would never have got on in the Bank, he knew his son had Iplehfy of brains, and a little kindness and leniency to him might perhaps have worked a change in him. Then, too, the future did not look over bright. A great deal of his capital, in fact nearly all, was locked up in Lombard -street, and it would make a serious difference in his income if he no longer could obtain the large return the Bank had formerly yielded him. Even lately the bad state of trade had made itself felt pretty sharply, and the idea of being obliged to put up with four per cent, for his money for the rest of his life was not pleasing to him. Yet he did not see what was to be done. He distrusted his partner, apd he knew t^e double duties of his g'eat in the House and an active share in the business would be altogether too much for him. He liked the excitement of money-making and the despotic sway he still held in Lombardstreet, ana he was quite aware of his own importance as a county member, and the position it gaye him down in Sussex. It would be hard to have to resign either his seat or his money, and yet it seemed as if one or the other must be sacrificed. Sir H. D. Wolff is the son of the famous Dr. Wolff, who was the great Eastern traveller of his day. It is related of him that, being at Smyrna, he added in a postscript of a letter to a friend, " Send me a wife by next mail." The friend showed this letter as a curiosity to some ladies. One of them was a sister of the present Lord Orford. She at once said that she was ready to marry the distinguished traveller went to Smyrna, and carried out her purpose' As the marriage was a most happy one, it sbowg that love before sight-is sometimes even more potent thap love at first sight. ' Printed and Published DAILY by ROBKET Krara THOMAS, at the offices of the South Awhr<dvm Register, Evening Journal, and Adelaide Observer, GrenfeU-«t-«et, Adelaide, ord SS^w e Rnd ™ commuBic^ 