JTJ1MS OF NEWS. It lias been our object; in this issuo to present our readers with as much of the latest information as can be procured. With this in view it has beon necessary to procluco the double*paged supplement, usually published on Saturday alone. In it will be found an original article from "Carolus" aud tho report of tbo argument for a new trial of tho bushrangers, in addition to tho foregoing several very readable articles and extracts will be fouud to repay tho perusal. About half»past ten on Monday night Mr. Frank Martyn was passing a houso near the Bridge, at the lower end of Fitzmauricc Btreot, when ho beheld an unusual blazo. A dog» which howled pitifully at tho door, on tho approach of Mr. Martyn flow at him. Mr. Martyn, then secured a paling from a neighbouring fence, and with one determined blow placed the faithful dog hor& dt combat. Tho window was then broken in, through which Mr. Martyn, with commendable alacrity, sprang, and rcscued three children from a bed, the valance of which had already taken fire, a woman was next rescued, and by tho help of aoveral peoplo tho flames were subdued. It is stated that tho womau occupant was tho worso for liquor, aud but for tho timely arrival of Mr. Marlyu must i iuevitably havo perished with tho children. Too much praise cannot bo giveu to tho above gentleman, who is comparatively a stranger in tho district, ho boing tho businos? Mauager of tho Mattio Taylor Troupe. Mr. Martyn states that upon entering the houso tho poor ohildrcn were screaming pitcously, tho cider girl with her bauds together in tho attitude of prayer. Tho mother slept soundly till ejected forcibly from the houso. A preliminary meeting was hold at tho Court-house last evoi.mp, for tho purposu of taking steps for the holding of a public meet ing to obtain an expression of opinion in roforcnco to tho Education Bill now before Parliament. Mr. Garland was voted to tho chair, and stated tho objects for which tho meeting was convened. Apologies were read from the Ven. Archdeacon Pownall and tho Rev. Mr. Monahan, both of whom expressed sympathy with the movement. The Rev. Mr. Stuart moved, "That this meeting memoralise the Mayor of Wugga W agga to givo his sanction to tho holding of a public mooting to elicit an expression of opinion upon tho Educational Bill." He made particular reference to the necessity for tho establishment of a high school in Waega YVagga, in nccordanco with the Bill now being discussed in committee. The resolution was seconded by Mr. VV. Hand, and carried. Mr. Shaw moved, and Mr. Semplo sconded, "That the 30th of December, be suggested as tho dato on which to hold the public meeting." This was also carried. Mr. Scmple thon proposed, and Mr. Henry seconded, "That the following gentle men bo appointed a committee to draw up resolutions to be proposed at tho public meeting: Very Kev. Archdeacon Pownall, Revs. Messrs. Stuart and Monahan, Messrs. \V. Rand, and Semple." Carried, A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the btisin-s-i of tho meeting. It will bo seen from an advertisement else* where that tho banks will bo closed during Thursday, Friday, and Saturday uexc in consequctico of the Christmas holidays. Tub rafllc for tho jewellery preseutcd to the Roman Catholic Bazaar Committee by Mr. Copeland, will tako place at St. Michael's School on Friday next, at 10 a.m. Full particulars may bo seon on reference to the advertisement in another column. A horse hornessed to a dray, engaged draw ing gravel from the reserve near St. Michael's Church, on Monday last-, managed by aomo means to got his winkers off. Tho animal then bolted up TarcuUa-stroct, and turning tho Gaol corner knocked on© of tho posts out of tho ground. The horso then continued its course, and turning up tfitzmaimee-strect made for (he verandah in front of tho Austra lian Hotel, whero he was brought to a stand still by Mr. Donohuo. No damage was done, oxccpt to the post near tho Gaol. Tub coaches which arrived in town from Albury, Dcniliquin and Urona, and Hay and Narandera, on Sunday last, were all crowded with passengers. Tho Exhibition still con tinues to draw many people to Sydnoy, and during the holidays numbers of people from out back are sure to avail themselves of tho cheap railway rates now ruling. A fxrk occurred on Monday night ofc a houso occupied by Mrs. Watts, opposite tho Public School. It appears Mrs. Watts went out and loft a candle burning on the table near the open window. There was a littlo wind at tho time, and it is supposed that the ourtain blowing backwards and forwards became thus ignited. Fortunately the occurrence was discovered in timo, as two children were in bed, who would in all pro bability havo beon suffocated but for timely assistanco. The Mattio Taylor Troupe performed to a very fair houso on Saturday evening last, and those present were not disappointed in tho entertainment. For two hours tho company kept tho audience in roars of lauglitor. Tho vocal and banjo duetts, with tho mocking bird imitation, were rendered excellently. Mattio, in her character cbangcs, astonished everybody. It was difficult to realise that a child so young could bo capable of im personating so many characters. Thesinging of Mrs. J. H. Taylor was pleasing, and called forth numerous encores. The performance concluded with tho petite comedy entitled the Little Orphan. Taken altogether, tho per formance was a good one, but wo arc afraid will not bo a pecuniary success so far as tho Hospital is concerned, in the benefit of which it was given. Tho troupe appear again to night, and Ihc entertainment will be under tho patronage of tho Mayor, Mr. Fitzhardinge, and the Aldermen of the Borough. All the children in the front scats will receivo a Christmas gift from Mattie. Tho company should be patronised, as it is a good one. A Cboww Lands sale is advertised to bo i held at Narandera on Weduosday. January 14th, 1SS0. Thb foe payable to postmasters for making up private bags, it will bo seen by an adver tisement clsowherc, has been limited by. tho Poatinaster-Geueral to two gniueas per uuuuin, payable in advauce. Among the many attractions for pleasure makers during the Christmas holidays at Wagga Wagga are the Christmas trees now ou view. A \ the Wesleyan schoolroom there is one which coutaius articles of every de» scription, from an " anchor to a needle." The proceeds of the articles from this tree are for tho benefit of the Sunday school library. Mr. C. Blackoiorc has another at his cigar divau, next to tho Criterion Hotel, which is decorated' most profusely with articles too numerous to mention. A third tree is at Mrs. M'Grogor's, faucy ropdaitor'y,--. and, upon it is hung a number of articles from the large size doJi to a jack-in the-box. Tho Roods on the two last men tioned trees will be disposed of on the art union principle, tickets,One shilling apiece. All tho articles are gufftauteod to bo valued at that figure, o very holder thus secures a prize. Some of the goods afro said to bo worth ton shillings, so tha£ holders of tickets daw make certain of- securing the value of their money. In* view of the accident which happened in Fifczmauricc:8fcreofc last Monday, it should not bo nccesaajfy to call tho attention of drivers of vehicles to tho absoluto danger there is. to Life aniKlimb by reason of so many horses being joffc standing unwatched in the raaiu thoroughfares. At this season of tho year /fiica arc very troublesomo to all kinds of stook, and it is not to be wondorod at that horses atnudiug in harness under a roasting Bun should bccotno fidgety and then bolt. The owners of horses thus left without proper control should be punished for violat ing the council bye-laws, Lbt us say a good word for the squatter. Beef is selling at one penny per lb. j yet, in connection with tho international- show of fab stock, wo find (says a writer in Zigzag papers) cash and beef to tho value of nearly £100 given to the charities of tho oity, aud by three of "that dreadful class squattor —Messrs. Thomas Cook, of Scono; Thomas Hungorford, M.L.A., of Denmnu ; and John Clarice, of Liverpool Plains. Tho occupants of Hvc charitable institutions will have the opportunity of " free selecting " their Christ mas joints off prizo beasts; and may good digestion wait upon tho appetites of tho recipients and.the douors. The Wngga Wagga Cricket Club intend augmenting their fuuds by tho proceeds of an entertainment which will take place on New Year's uight. Amateurs only will take part in the performance and tho drama and music will each have its representations. Tun English Circus Company aro au- I nounced to perform on Boxiug Night and j tho night following. Tho pavilion will bo oreotcd in Kincaid-street, and as tho company havo given groat satisfaction to tho public in Sydney, no doubt thoy will draw well hero. On Saturday a day performance will also take placo. The winner of the gold medal for tho best animal on the ground, at tho Exhibition show of fat stock, Air. Thomas Cook, of Scone, Hborally proposns to raffle tho champion ox, aud to give the proceeds to some of tho charitablo institutions of tho city. Tiie criokot uiatoh botweon tho Sydney and Molbourno Grammar Schools has resulted in victory for tho former, who won easily in ono innings with 117 runs to spavo. We have received from tho Department of Minos tho Annual Report for the year 1878. Tho roport is a most exhaustive ono, and is ably illnstratod by geological maps descriptive of various localities. I On Tuesday Mrs. Bowen, widow of tho lato Constable Bowen, was (says ^ tho Gnndagai Times) informed that tho Govern mont had detcrminod to grant her a peusion of £75 por annum for ton years. This sum appears to bo quite inadequate, but it must bo recollected that tho Govornmout are guided by certain rules iu thoso matters, and Sir Henry Parkes, in reply to a question put by Mr. O'Connor, mombor for West Sydney, Bomo time ago, said he wished to nut in accordance with thoso rules. Tho fact that the Government has determined not to raako any departure from tho general rule in deal ing with Mrs. Boweu'a caso supplies an additional reason why the public should respond liberally to tho appeal which is being made by the Police Testimonial Com-1 mittco. A gentleman who camo from tho Lower lmchlari by conch n day or two ago, informs tho Forbes Times that amongst tho passengers was n young man, 22 year* of ago, who was constantly making uso of tho most blasphem ous language, very much to tho annoytinco of his follow travellers. Upon being reproved and questioned as to why ho mudo uso of such. terms so irreverently ho seemed sur prised, and ultimately admitted that ho only know Lho words " Goclg" "Jesus Christ," "Holy Ghost," as torms too commonly used in profane swearing. He did not know who mado him, had not tho remotest idea of a Supreme Being, and in fact evinced the darkest ignorance on all such matters. And yet this is a man who lms a voto in the repre sentation of tho country, and who might any day bo called upon to act as a juryman. If these tiro tho men wo avo rearing, and who will some day form integral parts of our Colonial Empire, tho soonor we have the com pulsory clause at work in our Educational system the bettor. It is reported that Mr. Hurley is likely to resign his scat in the Assembly as member for Hartley, in consequence of his going to reside in Queensland to tako tho management of the Marlborough Coal Kuilway Company. That which tho promoters termed a " Ladies' Twenty-four Hours' Pedestrian Touruamunt," came to a termination, in the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, at ten minutes past 10 o'clock on Saturday night, in the presonce of about two thousand men. The prizes which had been offered for competition consisted of a gold watch for the competitor who stayed longest on tho courso without resting, £25 for the one who covered the greatest distance in twenty- four hours, £20 for tho one who did tho next greatest djstanco, and £15 for tho next. Originally ten females entered for tho contoBt, but two retired, and of the remaining competitors three dropped out of the contest daring Saturday afternoon. About 9 o'clock oil Saturday evening the five competitors wore in a truly pitiable condition, and the exhibition was freely commented upon as degrading. The winner proved to he Atdlle. Azelta, who had walked 7GJ miles. The winner of the second prize was Alias Goodwill, who walked 72$ miles, and tho winner of the third prize was Aliss Wallace, who walked 70 7«l2th miles. Miss Wallace also won tho gold watch, having walked 41,J miles without rosting. The winners wero literally dragged on to the platform to receive applause tor their exert ions. Each of them was accom modated with a chair, but seemed too ex hausted or too apathetic to care for cheers or | groan#. Someone made a speech on the gameness and staying powers, and tho com petitors wero led away by their friends. The Mayor and aldermen should never again permit a buildTug intended for tho promotion of science, art, aud manufactures, to be used for such au ignoble purpose as a woman's walking match. 