COOTAMUNDRA NEWS. ( From the C. Herald.) The question of the construction of the branch railway line between Cootamundra and Gundagai should be one of deep interest to the districts that would be benefited by the pro- posed line. Railway progress has now reached that stago in New South Wales which would warrant tho construction of branch lines. Ad mitting that it is of first importance to make the main trunks, these are now well advanced, and we may expect that in a very few years the three main lines will have penetrated to the borders. So that is is high time that some pro- vision was being made for laying out the by- roads or feeders. Of all the proposals, then, which have been made for the construction of branch lines, not on e commends itself more forcibly than that to Gundagai. The districts to be provided for are rich and fertile; they are heavily handicapped for the want of a means of communication with their natural markets; and the proposed line will be a very short one and inexpensive as to cost either of construction or maintenance. The Country is comparatively level, and the line already surveyed.. Tho 'tVpnchcs for tho foundation of tho now post and telegraph otHco havo been commenced. In our humblo opinion tho eornor-stoiuVought bo corcmouiously laid, as it will mark u now ora in tho hfctnry of Cootamumlrn. Tho post and tolograph olliee will bo tho first public/ building oruutqd in tho township by Government worthy of tho growing iinportanco of tho town and district. Hitherto tho notion scorns to havo boon ontertainod by tho Colonial Arohitoot that npy shabby old btructuro would suit Caotamun-^ _y f /? dm; and the most trumpery shells and stunted V cribs havo boon eot up in tho town, of which our railway station and court-house aro appropriato representatives. Thanks, however, to our local committeo of vigilant watchmon wo shall havo ' iu tho building herein reforred to ono that it will bo a plwwiro to look upon. Jusfc.as tbo two sacred udiiicoH which now stand abreast in 13urke-streot contrast tho ancient with tho modern in church arehitouturo, so will tho post and telegraph offlco, wheu completed, and tho present chickon-coup known as tho court-houso (tho plans for which wero drafted in tho earliest infancy of tho placo), porform similar duty in marking tho progress in Government buildings. Let's wet tho 6tono ;? and from thence rosolvo that our march shall bo onward! Who'll second ' tho motion? ; * : * \ Selection ' at Cootainundni on Thursday - John Androw.and lidward Elliott, 50a, Buto. ' 1 Wo aro ploased to bo ablo to giyo a vory satisfactory report of affairs at Scrubyard or Woodstown to-day. The population is rapidly increasing. Our estimates havo always boon undor rather than over stated, lost wo should bo suspected of exaggeration. Yesterday, how ever, wo received information that fully justilles us in saying thoro aro at tho very least 1000 inon tho on fiold — somo estiraato tho number as uearly 1400. Tho township has now beon- Iaid ^ out ' by authority,' and building, sites aro at a \ ' prenjium. ^hero aro thi^o public^housc^ being ^ erected — by Mrs. Angovo, Mr. M.I Dacoy, and Mr. H. Nelson (fi'om tho Flat). Mr. W.(l\ Scott has orcetcd a substantial store, which is nearly comploted for stocking ; and all tho dealers now on tho ground appear to bo doing a brisk trajlo. Mr. 1-\ Southco and another havo oroctcd.a factory for turning out a good Scrub yard loaf. Tho first batch was turned out on Thursday, and his supply proved short of tho demand ou the fin»t day by fully 500 loaves. Tho local 'stall* of life' is in extraordinary demand. , .Tho roports as to prospccts aro as follows : — No. 1 (Noblo and party) bottomed in thoir second shaft on Wednesday night on 2 ft. wash, and obtained prospcotsof from 1 to 3 grs. to tho ' dish. Tho shareholders who recently-bought into this claim aro very woll satisfied. ? No. 2 (Tuohv and party) havo broken through tho second-shaft, and aro sending up washdirt ; and No. 3 (Gravolin and'Co.) aro driving from tho second sliiift,k aud tho pvospocts, which our in- - formant saw washed, averago from 5 to 19 grs. to tho dish. The lead takes a vory sharp turn from No. 8 into No. 4 block, which was thought to bo out of it. All bolow thoso to tho lower prospectors (Ponton and Co.) havo moro or loss bottomed,' and all report thoir prospccts from 1, . to C' grains to tho dish. Tho claims bolow... Ponton's aro all washing, but the results woro not known when our informant left. Now ground has been opened ou oithor sido of tho valloy of tho Exhibition loud. In tho ono the prospectors aro down UOft., and in tho othor 70ft. A oricket match has boon arrangod botweon \ Cootamundra and MuTrumhurrah, to bo played at the latter, placo on Saturday, iMth instant. - Tho following local pliiyei^Wy.0 beon selected' ' to practice, from amongst mnti a team will bo clioson: — Donshiro, Browi » Simpson, Movriek,. Daloy, Iturloy, yrioo,'IIo£l*, PittkH*ono,VlIealy, Troy, Perry, McDonald, aWl J. Matthews. A lottos has also boon rooehml from tho Littlo Jiill'abortg' Cricket Club asking if it rail bo con- - veuient for tho Cootamundra Criekot Club to play for tho Cox Challongo Cup on tho UOth Decombor. Tenders woro accepted, at a meeting of tho trustcos of tho Albert Park on Tuesday ovoning, *. ? for gravelling tho carriago-wav from tho gatos to tho Pavilion. Arrangements woro inado for gotting off tho long grass which is now an in-', convonitmco on tho ground ; and also for Gtrongthcuing tho scats which havo beon pro vided for distribution under tho trees. Tho annual ball of tho Quadrille Association* hold on Mouday night, was vory successfully managed, and reilectcd much credit on tho com mittee and company, ' ; ' Iwiponndod at Cootamundi-}), on tho 4th of November, from Cungcgoiig, by A. Alehin Hay mure, star, r/Alu near shoulder, aged, 3c- hsmds. 15/. Also, on tho Htli, from Wallendbeon, by ordorof Mr. A. Jfackay : — JJIackhoise, star, y in circle near shoulder, # near ribs, riged, 1(- hinds, 12/. Also, (in the 10th, l'roin C'oota murfdra, by Mr, E. Ouinlan:— Day maro, siar» AU conjoined over y near shoulder, 5 years, 13 hands, V1U Also, on tho 13th, from Uullinga, by G. Hurst: — Hoan horso, noar, hip down, ^ over G near shouldor, like J-C (sideways) noar shoulder, Nl) oft shouldor, aged,, 10 hands* 10/. To bo sold on tho 4th Deoembor. that fow prettier positions could liavo boon selected for settlomont thuu that oconpiud h -?. tho liamlot of Lower Tarcutta, a placo oueo honored hy tho visit of a skoloton ghost iu Bonrch of his amputated hoad, 'which hud beon brought to this placo by the constable in charge of tho station, as related by our correspondent many months ago, vide, ' Tallewag's Skull, a Legond of Tarcutta.' Tho teacher's residonco and tho school-house aro situated upon a gnntlo elevation; tho formor a tolerably coinfortablo hnbitntion, that is as it would be safo to allow a ? teaclior under tlio education system of tho colony, with a duo regard to not awnlring worldly craving uflor aristowatieal surround ings. Not boing quito aw fait iu architectural literature, I would pronounce tlio fitylo to bo ' Eusty Gothic,' antediluvian poriod. Tho school is built of slabs plaeed. horizontally, and as usual with timber of tho votering or shrink- ' ing colonial disposition it haa Blirunk so by the exposure to tho elements that thcro was quito room uuough between tho top slabs and tho frame of tho building for tho teachor to pass tho youngest- of ilia scholars through tho opening without materially rumpling its hair. The desk, .or desks, for I think thoro aro two, are decidedly paryletic, and it would take a pretty : steady hand to turn out anything but orna '.njontal ponmanship from tho vory shaky slopes. jfilaps and books thoro wero fow, vory few of, — f-nono o£ the fprmW. if V rocollcet right, in faot, I think tho -whole of tho school requisites woro comprised ,in a pieco of chalk, half-a- dozen slates, and a black bourd tho colour of a defunct darkio ; quito enough perhaps, for all I know to ?the contrary, and about as much I suppose as was in use in tho schools * 1 'Whon music heavonlj' maid, was young. And first in early Groeco sho sung,' Still hardly enough to cause tho master much nnxioty regarding tho possibility of any ono -article going astray without its boing imme diately missed. Tho new teacher who has succecdod to all this completeness of appoint ment, has boon but a vory short time ia chargo of tho school; it has been closed for somo months, lie opened with, tho requisite numbor of scholars, with the promise of many moro in a short timo, and I really think tho inspector rshould order tho noeossary ropairs to tho build ing and furnish thoso articlos that aro actually requisite for placing tho school upon a propor ?footing. A small paddock for tho accommoda tion of tho horses of scholars item a distanco would matorialy increase tho attondanco, and as thero is plenty of government ground in tho immediate vicinity, tho actual uxponso would 'bo trifling. It is to bo hoped that tho gontlomon in authority will soo tho desirability of placing, | tho school iu a stato that it will no longer bo a causo of complaint to tho neighbors who aro desirous of having tlicir children educated at it, the numbor of whom will bo very materially increased as soon as tho neighboring reefs aro occupied by workers. MOMUft. J.i.sli Hillings s:iys It is not uukiimuinmi to iriuet plu -1 k b win. Iniv iwn-ttic religion, and even morality, than tbeyAav common sense.-' 