The Meddler. ' B* thou familiar, but by no meant vulgar ! Of the several ways in which people try to secure a friendly blast from feme's trumpet, I tliink crossing of great oceans in small craft the most foolish and absurd. Thus when I learn that some bold mariner is on his way here from Melbourne in a tiny steamer, and is suffering all kinds of mishaps, 1 am not seized with, a desire to be tne hrst to see the daring individual when he succeeds in com pleting his voyage. I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that the change from place to place might as well have been effected in the ordinary way, say in the saloon of a commodious steamer, or by the use of rail ways and Cobb. When through adverse circumstances the* crew of a vessel have to take to boats and to sail thousands of miles ere they reach a passing ship or a friendly haven, who is it that does not pity their suffer ings and rejoice at their safety? But there is a wide distinction between foolhardiness and pluck, and we should decry the one just as much as we admire the other. There is no special obj ect in these nautilus like voyages. When a large extent of this coast was surveyed by a party in a dingy, some service was done, but what can be the object of a man who wastes his time coasting in a large boat, with a teakettle-like boiler on board, save that of obtaining a few news paper paragraphs ? Some weeks back two men started from Boston in a boat of only 11 tons on a voyage to Melbourne. May they succeed in reaching that or some other port, hut may none be found to applaud them for the performance of their senseless self imposed task ! A little grammar would not be amiss in the official advertisements connected with the International Ex hibition. It is, for instance, courteously announced that ' No exhibitor must clear away all rubbish from his exhibit, in order that it may be taken away by the sweepers.' How 'no exhibitor' is to do this I don't profess to understand ; and why, if he did, his exhibit is to be liable to be taken away by the sweepers is an inscrutable mystery. But what is the use of an Exhibition unless it contain specimens of official grammar? It was quite a godsend for many people that this pastoral business turned up just in the nick of time to fill up the interval between the closing of Parliament and the opening of the Exhibition, but the matter is now pretty well used up, and I think most folks would be glad to see it dropped 'like a hot potato.' For my own part I am heartily sick of it, and with a view to bring the matter to a definite con clusion would desire to offer a suggestion. I quite believe that all those persons are in earnest who desire to see religious instruction made a part of the every-day routine of school life. I am quite willing that my friend Hang Yor Jor, from the Flowery Land, should have his offspring educated in the doctrines of Confucius — who was, no doubt, a very respectable old gentleman in his way. But as I do not happen to believe in the Celestial sage it is hardly fair that I should be called upon to pay towards the spread of a religion that I consider decidedly hetero dox. But if the Confucians like to teach the dogmas of their great apostle at their own expense, my objec tion ceases. Now the two sects — if they will forgive me for calling themby thatname — who make the greatest clamour for Denominational education, are the Church of England and the Roman Catholic — both wealthy communions, or at all events including many wealthy men among their respective folds. Why can not these rich men do as their forefathers did, and apply a portion of their substance to the foundation and endowment of schools for the express purpose of disseminating the particular religious views of their own branch of the Church? If they are really sincere in their belief it would be money well laid out, for although they might not reap a high rate of interest in this world on the investment, they would be laying up treasure where there is neither moth nor rust, and where the Kelly gang do not break through and steal. The colonies have at various times sent home for men of peculiar skill and ability in particular directions, to show us how certain things ought to be done. Thus we had Sir William Jervois to teach us how to fortify our coast, and William Clark to advise upon the very necessary subject of water supply; and there is no doubt that we have derived very much advantage from the visits of these eminent men, more than commensurate with the expense. Why not carry the idea a step further, and send for Sir Garnet Wolseley, to teach us how to catch the Kelly gang ? From the 'cleyer capture ' he has made of the wily old Zulu king, I would back Mm at long odds to secure the Australian outlaws in considerably less than no time at all. Mo re servant galism. The other day a Jlarge parce addressed to Miss Brian Boru arrived, and, on being opened in the presence of her mistress, disclosed a grand silk dress, trimmed with the most fashionable allowance of fal-de-rals. ' Surely you are not going to wear that dress here, Biddy,' said the mistress to the red-armed maid. ' Och, shure, no, mam, it's me Exhibition dress, and I'll lave ye a week afore I wears it. Shure, the Exhibition's not quite ready yet, so there's no hurry.' Money is not such a scarce commodity injTasmania. The Tasmanian Mail gives an instance of this : — ' An old man lately in Hobart Town whose appearance betokened anything but affluence, bid for a number of shares at a sale, and offered the knight of the hammer his cheque for £800 in payment. Very doubtfully the paper was presented at the bank upon which it was drawn, when it was explained that the bank had a large sum of money to the credit of the name of the drawer ; but, as the depositor had not been heard of for the last twenty-seven or eight years, the presenta tion of the cheque caused no little surprise. Inquries were, however, instituted, and the buyer of the shares duly proved his identity, and secured the transfer of the cash.' Poor old fellow, he must have been ignorant of the meaning of the word interest, for' the money had been standing to his credit as a current account all the while ! In New Zealand there are self-sacrificing natives and tender- hearted policemen. Not long since, one of the dusky but noble savages came as a witness before a licensing Bench, to protest against the granting of a certain license, and he came so drunk that the Bench agreed, while they ordered him to be locked up, that no public-house was required in his locality. A few hours after this, the policeman who had charge of the bibulous witness was asked to again bring him to the front, so that he might be cautioned and discharged ; but the policeman, with a tendency to mercy which is creditable, expostulated with the following plea: 'Oh, he's sleeping so peacefully, your worship, it would he a pity to disturb him. It seems extraordinary that the boys of Australia, especially those who spring from the humbler class, must use some cant phrase to express their admiration of objects or actions. Some years ago, 'My word' was fashionable. Now it is ' Good shot.' I was reminded of this the other evening when listening to one of the clever lectures which Professor Pepper is delivering in the hall of the School of Arts. The professor had just brought to a conclusion a simple but beautiful experiment illustrative of the action of light, and the audience remained as spellbound until a sepulchral voice in the back seats disturbed the silence by the original observation, ' Good shot, old man ! ' The effect was electrical. A day or two ago a certain official gentleman, who has had a good deal to do with the erection of the Garden Palace, and who has in consequence been subjected to a considerable amount of misrepresenta tion and abuse, happened to meet in the building a friend who has from the first taken a great interest in the success of the great show. The latter congratu lated the official upon the consummation of his labours, and the satisfactory appearance of the building. 'Where are the coakers now?' asked he trium phantly. 'I will show you where they are,' replied the official, leading his friend to the fountain in the basement of the building, and directing his attention to the frogs which adorn the lower part of that ornamental structure. 'There,' said he, ' are the croakers ; behold how I have immortalised those who have endeavoured to throw cold water upon the undertaking.' While passing along the nave of the Garden Palace the other day, a gentleman, not unconnected with politics, desired me to accompany him into one of the foreign Courts, in order that he might show me an accidental, but remarkable likeness of one of our lead ing statesmen in New South Wales. I was rather surprised when my friend pulled me up opposite a hideous effigy, vilely carved in wood, and decorated with black paint andred ochre — evidently aheathenidol from one of the Islands. I remarked to my facetious friend that I failed to see the likeness. 'Stop a bit,' said he, ' you have only seen one side of it ; come round here.' Accordingly I went to the other side of the figure, but found that it presented from this point of view even a greater dissimilarity to the intel lectual features of our Parliamentary hero. 'Don't you see it now?' asked my friend. 'Really I do not,' I replied. ' Why,' returned he, ' it is exactly like ? ; got two faces, don't you see ?' I regret to find that betting on football matches is becoming fashionable in Victoria. Prior to the last grand match there between the Carlton and Geelong teams one of the admirers of the latter risked £2000 on the result, laying three to one on his side, and several persons speculated extensively. Geelong won, but the game was played very roughly, and one player distinguished himself by his brutal efforts to disable his opponents. At its best, the game of football is rough. ' What will it become if betting among the players is permitted ? ' Yes, I was up at the opening of the ? rail- way,' said a friend to me the other day, ' and a nice precious time we had. You see, I brought up a couple of ladies, and, to make matters sure, engaged rooms at an hotel. But the rain came on, and as it was thought no people would come from a distance, the landlord allowed my rooms to be occupied. Well, when we arrived there was not a ghost of a bed to be had ; but fortunately a friend, who was staying as a regular boarder in the hotel, vacated his room, so tha the ladies might have some camp, and he, with others and myself, had a blanket and the boards in the court-house. So far all was good, but the landlord's bill was a subject for study. ? He charged full fare for the ladies, just as if they had been well served, and, worse still, charged us, the court-house occu pants, so much per night for our beds.' I do not for a moment entertain the thought that there was anything peculiar connnected with the transaction, yet I cannot help remarking that, when clerks in the Lands Office borrow large sums of money from land agents, there is cause for uneasiness. A clerk of the Lands Department, who is at present in the hands of the Commissioner of Insolvency, last week gave evidence to the effect that he had borrowed money from two land agents. In one case it was £30, and in the other £29. It would be bad for some selectors if this official's action were in accordance with the custom of the department. I think we arrived the other day at the knowledge of one of the oldest people heard of since the time of the Deluge. The death was announced of a lady, leaving two sons and four daughters, 40 grandchildren, and 22 great-grandchildren aged 85 years. If these sprightly great-grandchildren were 85 years old at the time of the old lady's death, she must herself have been at a moderate computation ' verging close upon 150, if not more. But is it not curious that the catalogue of descendants stops « short at great-grandchildren ? Surely there was room for at least three or four later generations. What a pity it is that anybody should be called Smith. Jenes or Brown is bad enough ; but Smith is so common that if it were my name I should apply to change it, or at least to add a prefix to it — the name of some peer, banker, or potentate, which might re deem it from absolute vulgarity. Not the least nuisance about it is the necessity of perpetually an nouncing in the papers the fact that you are not the Smith spoken of or alluded to in police or other legal proceedings. Itis true that possibly people might never suppose you were. But that is a small matter. Your branch of the Smith family must be preserved from the faintest chance of being mistaken for the other Smiths. And, besides, what an opportunity such an announcement gives tor a cheap advertisement ! An eminent Englishman has lost his balance over a Scandinavian manuscript, which he tells us is an ' Edda, embracing epic poetry of the highest order.' Now, to a man like myself, wearing the average amount of hair, and sporting an ordinary English collar, the best of these Northern runes has a very characteristic likeness to doggerel. Of course I am not competent to judge, still I cannot help thinking that ' Jack and Jill ' has all the 'Homeric qualities ' ascribed to ' Olfa.' According to a high authority on such matters, the epic proper gives ' action, motive, and catastrophe.' Taking then this view as the correct one, what can be more orthodox than the fol lowing ? — ' Jack and Jill Went up the hill.' Here, you see, is the action, powerfully put before you in seven pithy words. Now comes the motive — ' To fetch a pail of water.' Did Homer put his case in a clearer way than this ? Take the 'Paradise Lost' right through, can you point to a more vivid description of catastrophe than the subjoined ? — ' Jack fell down And broke his crown, And Jill came tumbling after.' Always bowing the knee to accredited criticism, I hold that the daring association of 'water' with ' after ' is a superb proof of genius too lofty to be influenced by petty prosodical rules. Here — if I am to trust the canons of fashionable writers — is a magnificent epic that somehow we have all overlooked! Here is an imperishable work that our blind forefathers never noted in their records ! We do not even know the name of its sublime author. His grave is not in Westminster Abbey; nor can we find his wonderful creation on the public bookshelves. But from henceforth — gushing language applied to an equally remarkable person — the author of Jack and Jill will be a shining light wherever the English language is spoken; and his august poem will have a high place with the most ?recious of our literary possessions. In saying this, assume that Mr. Edwin Arnold is right ; and I hold to the horns of his creed by both claws. 