I VICTOltIA THEATKE. At the Yicoria Theatre ' 011 Saturday night the masterpiece among the masterworks of Shake speare, Hamlet, was produced ; an old favourite who lms ro-appcared among us after an nbsoncc of 15 years, Afr. J. x1. Cathcart, iLssiimnre the title 7 (si., iur. uninuarc anvays nnsenjoyeu lue reputa tion of being a careful actor, and his Hamlet has tiie recommendation of lioing one 011 which the delineator has bestowed . much tune nnd study,, with the usual favourable result. There is, indeed, little that strikes one as being particularly new, lor suggestive of a new light having been thrown upon puzzling points in it ; but the representation is consistent, -pleasing, and far above the ordinary run of latter-day interpretations of this wonderful diameter. Tho readings are nlmostinvnnab y those with which Charles Kcnn familiarised us, the excep tions being generally t.Iie result of Air. Catlicart's ob servation of better models, nnd always an improve ment, lind Hiuy all have' an old-time conventional flavour, very grnlitying to students of dramatic literature, and full of delightful suggestions to the "old stager. I Air. C'lillicart never lacks ioreo, vet never rants : is invariably.) impressive, is quiet without conveying an undue -sense of slowness and inactivity, nnd ; from'; .first' to last seems actuated by the feeling that himself and his imme diate surroundings are unknown in any way to those by whom they are so closely watched.' On biitnrdny night . many of the . grand soli- loquys wit'n which his part is graced brought forth rapturous applause, and every downfall of tlm drop-scene was tho signal for an undeniable recall of the actor. Ah-. Gerald Dalton was Horatio. .This very premising young actor has never been seen to better advantage. IBs Horatio was artistically con ceived, and smoothly and very efficiently worked out. Afr. J. H. Bainrord s Ghost was a perform ance on which lie can easily improve. His gait should bo much more, stalely, solemn, and more measured. J-Iis celebrated speech was ably and effectively rendered. Air. Jordan was rather heavy as the King, and Air. AVIiylo somewhat inaninuito as l-olomiis. Afr. Elliott was a smrited but un- even Laertes, anil Air. l'ower made good impres sions 111 nearly all the characters for which lie was east. AIiss Watt- Tanner made a graceful Ophelia, and played with vervcommondablo expression and I fueling, mid .'Miss Aferton's Queen was a very fair performance. AIiss Annie Aluyor merits much praise tor liar ponrtraval of tho courtly fop Osnck. Tlio other parts were evenly sustained. ; 