Notes on Current Events. Germany and Austria have signed a treaty abrogating a clause in the Treaty of Trague respecting the cession of a strip of Northern Schleswtgland.andinsodoirjghaveeettheir seals to the most disgraceful transaction to which Prince Bismarck was ever aparty. TbeSchleswig-Holstein question was notoriously most 'complicated, and it was said that only two German professors under stood it. There was, however, a general con sensus of opinion that the duchies were part of tbe German empire, and certainly they were for the most part inhabited by Germans. Therefore, it was part of the unification of Germany for these provinces to be incorporated in tbe Bund. Austria and Prussia, in 1665, by force, took both duchies from Den mark, and then quarrelled over the disposition of the spoil. Prince Bismarck used the episode to further hie own grander schemes, and Austria found that she had been a mere catspaw in his hands. She endeavoured to secure the retroces sion of certain districts in Northern Schleswig, which were peopled by Danes, to the kingdom with which they were connected by every tiB of affinity «nd friendship, and .though defeated in war, a clause was inserted in the treaty of Prague by which Prussia bound herself to give up these districts. Prince Bismarck has treated this clause with complete indifference, and instead of yielding this strip of Danish land to tbe Danes, has compelled the children to use the German language in the schools, and in other wavs baB tramnled imon their natural sensibilities. His only tribute to the sacrednsss of treaties has been this final act of abrogation. It is evident that his disregard of the plighted word of the Sovereign has disturbed some body's conscience, and as an easy manner of satisfy ing conscience, the promise has been repealed in stead of fulfilled. An explanation is now afforded of the coolness which was said to exist be tween the Courts of Berlin and Copenhagen. It would be surprising if the King of Denmark felt otherwise after such shameful violation of solemn pledges, and after the theft of a part of his kingdom. Tatfeu in connection with the pro jected marriage of Princess Thy re and the Duke of Curubbrland, who still maintains his right to tho throne of Hanover, it is to be feared we have not heard the last of the Danish difficulty. A correspondent who spent two days at the In- firmary, furnishes us with an apparently straight- forward account of his experiences, which is any- thing but satisfactory as regards the interior management of that institution. The charges that he makes, deserve most careful examination at the hands of the board of management and a full ex- planation from Dr. Marsden and the lady super- intendent. The doctors on the staff of the Infirm- ary declared that they would not be responsible for the condition of their patients, but that was before the new ward was completed. Even in its worst days, the public had no idea that such defective sanitary arrangements could be permitted as are described by our correspon- dents. If there is not accommodation for more classification of diseases than is apparent from Mr. Frank's letter, it is high time that further steps were taken to put an end to such a disgust- ing state of things. We shall await the ex- planation of the medical authorities with great interest. The Kellys have murdered three or four police men by open violence, and, if they continue at liberty much longer, they will be responsible for the death of a number of harmless people by the fatal influence of fear. We would not insinuatp that any of the Victorian policemen will give up the ghost through this cause, but it is quite possible that some of the bank managers will. A case occurred recently at one of the coun try branches of the Bank of Victoria, which illustrates the extreme danger of the present con dition of affairs. A middle-aged gentleuinn of timid disposition had been sent up from Mel bourne to take charge of tl\e brancti. and he was fully resolved to defend his charge with every drop of blood in bis body. He was a prudent man, bad known something of military tactics as a volun teer, and therefore he made his dispositions cau tiously. Firmly convinced that the Kellys would come, he sat in the bank with two revolvers in his belt, and one full cocked in his lhand. His assistant was also armed with revolvers, and a policeman patrolled the place continually. As an additional measure of precaution, a piece of twine was passed round the arms of tbe manager and the clerk, that they might communicate -instantaneously and silently. The Saturday after toe dbjik was ciueeu 11 iuuu rttjj was iiearu. ul mo door. The twine was twitehed, and tbe manager made sure the hour .was come. He made the policeman cover the door with his rifle. The clerk stood on the counter with two revolvers pointed to the door, and the manager, with a revolver in one hand, opened the door iin inch and a half with the other. ' Who's there?' he asked, in a loud voice, but not without a quiver of emotion. Instead of the reply of Ned Kelly and four comrades, a shrill squeaky voice replied, 'Missus says the dinner's ready.' Such shocks would soon undermine even a strong constitution, and we learn with satisfaction that the worthy manager has been removed to tbe safer precincts of the bank in Melbourne. - ' 