SHOOTING A PRISONER. The Coonamble Independent furnishes the fol- lowing report of an inquest on the body of a pri- soner named Montgomery, who was shot by a mounted-constable after a desperate chase, while endeavouring to effect his escape : — Constable Brown deposed that he arrested the deceased on a charge of stealing a saddle, bridle, and breastplate, the properly ol one Jumes Humphry ; that he started with him and James Humphry, the owner of the saddle, from Curban, on Friday morning last, and came without any difficulties occurring till within about a mile and a half of Coonamble, and then Montgomery said, " Let us pull up the horses ; I -want to have a tnlk with you." Brown replied that they would have plenty of time to talk when they got into Coon- amble ; that it was getting dark, and it was neces- sary to push on. They cantered on a little further, and then Brown pulled up, and the others did so likewise. Montgomery then said, " Now I have got the two of together, you can get me out of this if you try." Brown asked him how, and Montgomery replied "You are the men that can save me if you like to try ; you need not say anything about what I told you when yon arrested me this morning." Brown then told him that he would not go into the box and swear a lie ; that he would not risk getting two years to get the best man in the world out of trouble, and that he would not risk two years to put him in for it either." Montgomery immediately said, " Then take that," striking the constable a violent blow over the back of the shoulder-blade, and along the back of the neck. Constable Brown fell forward in the saddle through the force of the blow, and was half-stunned for a few seconds. On coming to him- self he looked and saw Montgomery and the horse in the scrub, about 120 yards away, both on the ground, and the deceased off the horse, and clear of it. Humphry called out " There he goes, over in the scrub." Constable Brown then told Humphry to catch the horse, and went after Mont- gomery, who was running up the river, in an oppo- site direction. The horse was trotting away down the river. Brown galloped up in front of Mont- gomery, and covered him with a revolver, telling him to surrender or he would shoot him. De- ceased said "I don't care for all the b----y pistols in the world," and started running to meet the horse, which Humphry had turned back. Brown then cantered round, and got between him and the horse, and again covered him with the revolver. Montgomery then ran among some sap- lings which grew in the scrub; he said "Shoot away and be d----d to you, I don't care for you." Brown replied " I will shoot you if you don't sur- render, I will put up with none of your tricks." Montgomery said. " Very well, wait till I get my hat." Brown then told Humphry lo get off his horse and put the handcuffs on deceased. De- ceased then said, " No, I won't have the handcuffs on; if he tries to put the handcuffs on I will kill the pair of you." He said further, "I came along right enough all day, and I'll go into Coonamble the same way if you let me on the horse. Brown replied, " Very well, get on the horse, and give no more nonsense, or as sure as you are living I will shoot you if you try to get away from me." Mont- gomery then said, "Never mind, I'll go in all right ; I have had enough of it." Deceased then got on his horse, and, as soon as he was seated in the saddle, he said, " Now, you b----y wretch, try it again." Just before Montgomery got on the horse, the constable had returned his pistol to its pouch, and had the handcuffs in his hand ; and as soon as Montgomery made use of the last expres- sion, he stuck his heels into the horse, and caused it to plunge away in front. Brown then rushed his horse in front and stopped deceased, who then wheeled his horse round, and raced off in the direction of the river. Brown threw the handcuffs he held at prisoner, for the purpose of stopping him, hut missed his aim. He then drew his pistol and started after him. Montgomery had then about 50 yards start. Constable Brown then called out, " Stand, in the Queen's name, or I will shoot you." Montgomery replied, " Shoot away, I don't care a d--n for you." Constable Brown fired a couple of shots over deceased's head, calling on him all the time to surrender. Montgomery started to laugh at the constable, and said, " Try- it again, and see if you can do it this time." He then jumped his horse down the steep bank into the river bed. Constable Brown attempted lo follow, but his horse swerved on the top of the bank, and ran along the side, dashing Brown against a tree, and knocking him from his horse. As soon as constable Brown got on his feet, he turned, took aim, and fired at the deceased, who immediately called out "Holy Ghost, you have shot me." He was in a racing attitude in the saddle, leaning very much forward, and about 80 yards distant. Brown then jumped on his horse, and raced alter deceased, firing another shot at him without taking aim ; Mont- gomery called out, " Oh Christ, that's two now catch me you l---y wretch if you can." At this time both the constable and the deceased were going at a racing pace along a scrubby island in the middle of the river. Brown succeeded in cut- ting off a corner, and got to about 30 yards from deceased. It was then nearly dark. It was just possible to see the sights on the pistol. Constable Brown took aim at the middle of his back, and fired. Montgomery called out, " That is three. I am done. I have had enough." He pulled up his horse suddenly. The constable raced up alongside of him. He said, ' Oh God ! you have shot me three times. I am dead." He got hold of the pummel of the saddle with one hand, and threw his right leg over and got off the horse in an or- dinary way ; he said " You've killed me." Brown said, "' Will you surrender, or I'll give you some more ." He said, "Oh, I have had enough, I am killed!" He then took a step backwards and rolled down the bank of the river. Constable Brown further stated that from the way Mont- gomery got off his horse he did not think he was hit, but that he was only pretending. Brown states he then jumped off the horse and went down the bank to him, and lifted his head up hill. He groaned a good deal for about four or five minutes. Constable Brown then sent Humphry into Coonamble for a spring- cart and a doctor, and stayed with deceased, endeavouring to stop tho bleeding with a piece torn from Montgomery's shirt. He also got some water and bathed his face. The deceased breathed for about 10 minutes, and then his jaw fell. The deceased was then re- moved in the spring-cart to the stable at Berg's Hotel, Coonamble. Dr. Little saw the deceased there, and cut one of the bullets that was lodged just under the skin, beneath the arm ; another bullet appeared to have gone through the deceased. The stick the deceased struck the constable with was a stout stick of boxwood, having a knob at one end. Constable Brown further stated that the reason he did not put the handcuffs on before starting from Curban was, that Montgomery begged very pitifully not to be handcuffed, and promised not to make any attempt to escape. The deceased never spoke after he fell down the bank. James Humphry corroborated the evidence of constable Brown, and swore positively to his striking the constable twice with the stick, which was green box ; the effect of the blow nearly stunning the constable, almost knocking him out of his saddle. When the prisoner started off; his horse got one of his fore feet into a deep hole, and threw deceased over its head. Humphry also identified a stick produced as the one used by Montgomery to strike the constable with, but could not say how he came by it, he must have broken it off a tree on the journey. Dr. Little, who made a post-mortem examination, gave evidence to the fact that both bullet wounds wore mortal, each having penetrated the lungs, and one having gone right through the left lung, smash- ing it up and coming out through the ribs, about three inches under the collar-bone. The deceased could not live many minutes after having received a wound of this character. The jury, after deliber- ation, found the following verdict : — We find that the deceased, James Montgomery, came to his death by bullet wounds, occasioned by shots fired by constable Brown, while in the discharge of his duty, the said James Montgomery being then his prisoner, and attempting to escape, and we find such shooting to be justifiable homicide ; we are fur- ther of opinion that the police ought to take greater precautious in at once handcuffing prisoners before attempting to travel with them. 