THE GEOGRAPHER. \-------------------------------------------------------------- CENTRAL ASIAN EXPLORATIONS. One of the least known tracts of the earth's surface—or,at any rate, of that portion covered by history—is that part of Eastern Turkestan which lies between Thibet, the Himalayas, Russian Asia, and China, and including the great desert of Gobi. What was known, indeed, was not of a character to invite closer inspection. It is now 600 years since Marco Polo made known to Europe the existence of the terrible desert of Lop. The town of that name is on the edge of the desert, and the desert itself is one of the most frightful wastes ever crossed by living man. It is covered with drift sands, and is absolutely barren and trackless. A Chinese explorer who travelled through it in 399 A. D., wrote of it, "Many evil spirits are there, and burning siroeco winds which kill all who encounter them; neither birds are to be seen in the air, nor animals on the land. There are no other means of finding the road than by guiding oneself by the bones of those who have perished there." As this extract shows, superstition lent its aid to intensify the terrors of this dreadful waste, and to the time of Marco Polo, and perhaps to the present day the belief lingers in the existence of strange and dismal sounds which are heard by travellers in this desert, and which are the voices of the local ghosts and goblins trying to lure the traveller to his ruin. Not much authentic information has been gained respecting this little known land until lately, when some light has been cast upon it by the researches of a distinguished Rus- sian traveller and explorer, Colonel N. Pre- jevalsky, who has made some most arduous and exhausting journeys through the forbid- ding regions of this part of the world. The explorations of Colonel Prejevalsky seem to have had as one object the hope of discover- ing something of the gold-fields which are said to exist to the south-east of Kotan, on Chinese territory, and on the outskirts of the great desert. But there was quite enough of geographical and ethnological interest to make the latest journey he undertook one of great scientific importance. By it he was enabled to give an interesting account of the strangely isolated little state of Lop, as Marco Polo called it, or Lob-nor as it is called by Prejevalsky, situated on the edge of the desert, and also to describe the course of the mysterious river Tarim, about which such strange stories have been told. This river rises in the greatest mountain region on the earth's surface, being fed by the snows of the northern Himalayas. As Baron von Richthofen has written of it, " The region which gives birth to this river is on a scale of grandeur such as no other river in the world can boast. It is girt round by a wide semicircular collar of mountains of the loftiest and grandest cha- racter, often rising in ridges of 18,000ft. to 20,000ft. in height, whilst the peaks shoot up to 25,000ft. and even 28,000ft. Through the vast space enclosed by these formidable bar- riers sweeps the river Tarim, gathering up influents as it flows, until it becomes a stream of great magnitude. It has a course of 1,150 mues long, and then gradually dimi- nishes in volume, and ends in some lakes and swamps, its great flood being absorbed by the ever-thirsty sands of the great desert. Popular imagination in the surrounding region has not been content to accept this explanation of the disappearance of the great ri ver. The general belief was that the waters dived underground and reappeared further to the eastward, as the Hoang Ho, the Yellow River. Chinese geographers write that to the east and south-east of Lob-nor " innumerable springs start from the sides of the moun- tains, and these, when viewed from a height, resemble a sea of stars. They are deep, and burst out with great force ; it is manifest that a mighty river flows under ground." If further evidence is wanting popular tradi- tion is ready to supply it. Thus it is told that— " In olden times a young man of Lob went in his boat to explore the river beyond the lake. After going down the stream for seven days he saw a mountain ahead, and on going closer he found the river entered a frightful black and deep chasm in the rocks. He tried to stop his boat, but the swiftness of the current carried it into the chasm. At its farther end he saw a small black hole inside the mountain, and had only time to lie down in the bottom of the boat when it was drawn into the dark passage. The top of the boat scraped the roof of the channel, and bits of stone con- tinually fell upon him. After a long time he emerged from the darkness into light, and found the bottom of his boat strewed with nuggets of gold. He went down the river for some days, and finally found himself in Peking." Colonel Prejevalsky started from the Rus- sian town of Kulja, in the province of Ili, one of the latest acquisitions of Russia in Eastern Asia, in August, 1876, having two companions, some Cossacks and native in- terpreters. His caravan consisted of 24 camels and four riding horses. He gives in the account of his journey recently published and translated into English, a favourable account of the Ili Valley, along which his road for sometime ran, and in which the Russians have obtained a valuable acquisition. "Clean, pretty villages, with gardens shaded with lofty silver poplars, follow each other in quick succession. In the intervals are corn fields, irrigated by numerous watercourses, whilst on the meadows along the river's bank large herds of sheep, oxen, and horses are grazing." Farther on the forests of Kunges were passed, in which were found great abun- dance of and apricot trees producing excellent fruit. These ripen and fall off and either decay or are devoured by wild boar, bears, deer, and goats. The Yulduz came next in route, a region celebrated throughout Cental Asia for its beauty, its springs, meadows, and breezes. "The farmsteads are described as model of neatness and thrift and the orchards produce the finest apples, pears, and pomegranates." Sir Douglas Forsyth, in his introduction to the English translation of Colonel Pre- jevalsky a book, reminds us that this valley was a favourite camping ground of Timour and mentions that " a native of these parts, speaking in raptures of the delights of this valley, said, ' Just as you think Kashmir superior to all the rest of the world, so is Yulduz superior to Kashmir.' " This delight- ful region was found by Prejenalsky to be quite deserted, not containing a single in- habitant, all having retired owing to the raids of marauders. The expedition spent some time here hunting, and on resuming its journey entered the territory of Yakub Beg, the then ruler of Kashgar. By the officers of this potentate, every possible difficulty was placed in the way of their march, a circum- stance not much to be wondered at when we remember what has been the usual conse- quence of the visit of Russian " scientific ex- Khans of Central Asia. Prejevalsky, however, made his way onward, and struck the stony margin of what had evidently been an inland sea now covered by the Tarim and Lob-nor deserts. The soil is loose saline loam or drift sand, remarkable for the absence of all organic life. It was the wildest land most barren desert the Russian explorer had ever seen, although he has made explorations in some of the most desolate wastes of eastern Central Asia. Through this flowed the Tarim, here a considerable river from 350ft. to 400ft. wide, and with a depth of not les than 20ft. How the natives of this miser- able region live is indicated in the following passage :— " Along the river banks to the right and left of its course are scattered marshes and lakes. These are for the most part artificially formed by the natives for purposes of fishing and pasturage, reeds being the only food for cattle in this wretched country. The river itself assists in the irrigation of its own valley. Fine sand and dust driven by the wind-storms prevalent in spring are caught and retained by the trees, bushes, and cane-brake growing on the banks, so as gradually to raise their level above that of the adjacent land, which is constantly diminishing under the influence of the same causes. Hence it becomes only necessary to bore through the bank for the water to pour out of the river and inundate a more or less extensive tract of plain. With the water come fish, and in a little while reeds begin to grow. After a time the channel gets silted up, the lake grows shallower, the fish are easily taken, and the recently sub- merged land affords pasturage for sheep. When the reeds are all fed off the operation is repeated, and a fresh supply of fish and pasturage obtained." The banks of the river flowing through this horrible waste are thinly covered with some stunted trees, chief of which is a crooked and withered looking poplar. These are so satu- rated with salt that on breaking a bough a saline incrustation may be seen on the wood. In places you come to "acres of dead poplars, with broken boughs, shorn of their bark, life- less trunks, never decaying, but crumbling away by degrees, to be hidden in layers of sand." But the desert stretching away from the river banks is even more desolate. " Whichever way you turn, an ill-favoured plain meets your eye, covered with what seems to be large mounds, but which are really hillocks of clay surmounted by tama- risks, between which the path winds, every surrounding object shut out from sight, and even the distant hills hardly visible in blue outline through the dusty vapour which fills the atmosphere like fog." Snow or rain are rare occurrences in this arid region. The expedition made its way to the town of Chargalyk, where it was compelled by the hindrances of its escort to winter. Here Colonel Prejevalsky obtained particulars of the gold mines to the south, which were said to yield an annual product of about 19cwt of gold to the treasury of Yakuk Beg. On the site of Chargalyk were seen the remains of mud walls of an ancient city, said to be two miles in circumference, and afterwards near Lob-nor were found traces of a very large city, now only represented by the name Kunia Shari—i.e., old town. Leaving his baggage at Chargalyk, Colonel Prejenalsky started with some Cossacks to the mountains of Altyn Tagh to hunt the wild camel, which appears only to be found in a state of nature at this part of the world. His natural history collections and geographical and geological observations form a valuable con- tribution to science, but we cannot stay to notice them. On resuming his south-eastern journey he traced the river Tarim down into Lake Kara-buren, after which it rapidly diminishes, and finally ends, according to his observations, in the fresh water marshy lake of Lob-nor. We need not stop to refer to the discussions still in progress among geo- graphers whether there were not a more easterly channel of the river issuing in a salt- water lake, which is the true Lob-nor. Colonel Prejevalsky found the natives on the shores of the lake to be a people of primitive habits, who subsist mainly by fishing. They live in square reed-made enclosures on the reed-clad banks of the lake, and seem to be amphibious in their nature. On landing at one of their reed-surrounded villages " you look around—nought to be seen but marsh and reeds, not a dry spot any- where ; wild duck and geese are. paddling about close to the dwelling-place itself, and an old boar is quietly wallowing in the mud almost between the houses. So little does the native of these parts resemble a man that even the shy wild animal fears him not." They form a strange unchanged relic of the primitive swage of mankind lingering on in this isolated region at the end of a great river, and cut of by a frightful desert from the rest of the human race. The description of them given by Prevalsky reads, says Baron von Richthofen, like an echo of the most ancient Chinese records Europe has emerged from antiquity into modern life, India has passed through numberless revolutions, Chinese dynasties have risen and fallen, the states cf Central Asia have undergoing mani- fold transformations, and through it all this primitive people bare subsisted on unaltered in the depths of their great saline desert. preserving to modem times a picture of the childhood of humankind. The time spent by Prejevalsky at Lake Lob enabled him to observe the enormous flights of birds which passed there in spring-time, on their way northward for the pairing sea- son. They came, in immense flocks in the early spring and settled down, densely crowd- ing large areas of the ice yet unthawed. "the noise they made on rising into the air was like a hurricane, and their appearance from a distance resembled a thick cloud. After spending some time in making ornithological collections, for which his station gave him great opportunities, the Russian explorer re- traced his way, and, after visiting the Atalik booty, but worn and exhausted from the frightful hardship and privations which he had undergone, and of which he makes so small account in his book. A traveller of the Captain Burnaby order would have filled a volume enumerating the small annoyances, and much more the serious privations which a man like Prejevalsky takes as the necessary conditions of Asiatic exploration, and leaves unmentioned in his narrative. 