TALES' ANQ SKETCHES. : , (,7;7 VlklM . . ; A NEW" N 0YJ3L, . ,7 '' '.! ! 7.I:7"BY »nss M. %, BRADDON. 7,77: ! r'AuTnOR.OP " LADy. AHDLEV'8 SECRET," SCO., ,&C.j; / /Chapter! XIX. — I Siiu.ii Loos; Like the WRICKED IFAIRV. — (GOHTIRUEd). 'The time had net been allowed -to go "by With out some endeavor being made to bring Violet to a better state of feeling. That was the tone 'taken about her by Mrs. Tempest and the vicar's wife in their conferences. The headstrong mis guided girl was to be brought to -a better state of mind. Mrs. Scobol tackled her, bringing all 'lior diplomacy to bear, but without avail. Vixen was rock. Then Mr! Seobol undcrtoolc tko duty,; and, withail the authority of his lioly office, called' upon Violet to put aside her unchristian preju-j dicc3, and behave' as a meek and dutrfni datih-l ter. " ' ' ; -_ :: ; " Is it-unchristian to hate 'the' man who 'has usurped my fathers ' place ?" : Viol«!t asked- curtly, 1 'J i>. !. "It is onehristian'to hate anyone. And you. bavc ho right to ;caH ' Captain . Wihstanley a usurper. You have no reason to 'take your mother's Tnarriage so much to heart. There is nothing sinful, or even radically objectionable in a second marriage : though I admit, to ray mind, a woman is worthier in remaining faithful to her first love ; like Anna, the prophetess, who had been a widow fourscore-and-fonr years. Who shall say that her exceptional gift of prophecy , may not have heen a reward for the purity and fidelity 6f her life ?'' Mr. Scohefs arguments were of no more effect than his wife's persuasion. His heart was secretly on Violet's side. He had loved tiio squire, and ho thought this marriage of Mrs. Tempest's a -foolish, if not a shameful thing. There was no 'heartiness in the fcelin with which he super-- -vised the decoration of bis pretty little church for the wedding. . 7V "If she were only awake," thought Mrs. Tem pest, " I would make a last appeall' to her feel ings, late as it is. Her heart cannot -be Stone,'" ' She took her candle, and went through tke flark silent . houae to Violet's, room, and knocked . gently, ; V Come in," said the girl's clear Voice, with a ' wakeful sound, . ; . ' 1 . A'lit" thought Mrs, Tempest triumphantly, obstinate as sbo lis, ' ilie 'knows she is doing wrong. Conscience won't let hor Sleep. " Vixen was standing at; her window, leaning with folded arins. upon the broad wooden Hedge, looking out at 'tho dim garden, over which ' pale Stars were shining. There was a moan, but lit was hidden by drifting clouds. "Hot in bed, Violet," said her mother Bwectly. '" No, mamma." I ' " What have you been doing all .these hours?"; . "I don't know — thinking " ' ; "And you nevor, came "to wish me good? .night." " , . I "" T ;did, not think you would want me, I ' 'thought .you would bo busy packing— lor your honeymoon." . "That was riot kind, Violet Yon must have ' known that T should have many painful thoughts ' tb-nigli't." : " I did not know it Ahd it it is so, I can only say it is a pity the painfulthongbts did not come ' a little sooner." Violet, you are as hard as iron, as cold ab j ice f cried Mrs. Tempest, with passionate fret- fulness. . VNo, I am not, mamma; I tan love very warmly, where I love deeply, I have . given lliis night to thoughts of. my dead father, whose place is to he usurped in this house from to-morrow. ' "I never knew "anyone so obstinately Unkind. 'I could not have believed , it .possible in my own daughter. Ithougbt yOuliad agoodlicaft, Violet.; and yet you3onot mind making mo 'wrotched on my woddiiig-day." ' : n j j "Why should you be wretched, mammafeeftgQa I prefer not to be present at your wedding I ff j wcro there I should bo like tho bad fairy attSo princess's christening. I should look at etay» thing with a malevolent eye." !': Mrs. Tempest flung herself into a (ffiairnad brunt into team. ' The storm of grief which had been broodiqg Over her troubled mind All day. broke snddenjy - in a tompest of weeping. She could have given no reason for her distress ; but all at once, on tho , cvo of that day which was to give a now color 'ty her life, panic seized her, and she trembled "At tho step she was about to take. " You are very cruel to me, Violet," aho 801h bed. " I am a most miscrablo woman." Violet knelt beside her and gently took by hand, moved to pity by wretchedness so abject, " Dear mamma, why miserable ?" she asked. " This thing which you are doing is your own choice. Or, if it is not — if yon liavo yielded weakly to over-persuasion— it is not too late, to draw back. . Indeed, it is not. Let us run awciy as soon as it is light, you and I, and go off to Spain, or Italy, anywhere, leaving a letter hit Captain Winston ley, to say you have changed your mind. Ho could not do anything to us. You have a right -to drawback, evon at. tho last" -j "Don't talk nonsense, Violet," cried , Mrs. Tempest peevishly. " Who said I had changed any mind ? I am as devoted to Conrad as ho is to me.. I should be a heartless wretch if I could throw him ovor at tho last moment. But tifla has been a most- agitating day. Your nnkimlnf is breaking my heart." . . ' Indeed, mamma, I have no wish 'to ho Tin- kind — not to you. But my presence at your wee ding would boa lie. It - would seem to ,givo my approval to an act I bate. I cannot bring my' self to do that." "And you will disgrace me by your absence. You do not care what people may say of -me,"t "Nobody will care about my absence. You1 will be the quocnof the day." I!. u " -Ev erybody will care — everybody , will talk. X know haw; malicious people are, 'even one's most intimate friends. They will. say, my own -daugh ter, turned lior (back upon mo on my wedding- day.",.: - - ; " They can hardly say that, when .1 shall ho ! here in yoiir house.'.' \- Mrs. Tempest1 went on weeping. She had re duced ' herself to a -condition in which it -was 'much easier to ory than to -leave off crying Tho fountain of her tears scorned inexhaustible. '"A pretty object I shall look to-morrow," aha murmured plaintively, and this was all sho said, for some time. . I . 'Violet walked up and down the room, -sorely distressed, sorely perplexed. To soe hor mother's grief, and to be able to givo -comfort, and -to '10- f use. That must be undutiful, undaugliterly, re bellious. But had not her mother forfeited all right to her obedience? Wore not their -hearts and lives 'completely sundered by thi3 marriage of to-morrow ? To Violet's strong nature it seemed as if she were tbe mothor — offended, 'out raged -by a child's folly -arid weakness. There sat the child, weeping piteously, yearning to be forgiven: 'it was a complete reversal of their positions. ': ' ' Hot heart was tonched by the spectacle of hor soother's weakness, " by tho' mute appeal of those tears. ; v- ' ' ' ' . ' ' " What docs it matter to me, after Ull, whether I am absent or present," alio arguoclat last. " I cannot prevent tins man coming to 'take possession of my father's house. I cannot hinder the outrago -to my fatlior's memory. Mainma has been very kind to me — and 1 have no one else ' in the world to love." She took a few more turnSj and then stopped by her mother's chair. " Will it really mako you happier, mamma, i| I am at your wedding ?' .' -11' " It will make .me quite happy." ' . ' "Very wellthen; it sbaflbo' as you please. But, .remember, I sbaHlook like tho wicked fairy. I can't help that." . "You will look lovely. Theodore has sent you home the most exquisite dress. Come to my room and try it on," said Mrs. Tempest, .drying her tears, and as easily comforted as.a ohfld who has -obtained .its desire by means of .copious weeping. " No, dear mamma ; not to ought. I'm too tired," sighed Violet. "Nevermind, dear. Theodore alwayg fits yoU to perfection. Go to bed at onco, love. . Thfl dress will be a surprise for you in tho morning. Good night, pet. You have made me .sohappy." "I am glad of that, mamma." ,, " I .wish yon were going to Scotland with oa. .(Vixen shuddered.) 'Tia afraid you'll be dread fully dull here." "Nomamma ; I shall have the dogs andhorstss. I.sball get on rcry well." . " You. are such a curious girl. Well, good- night, darling. You arc my own Violet again," And with this they parted ; Mrs. Tempest going back to her room with restored pcaco "of mind. ' Skciooked at the reflection of -her tcar-bjoiftcd face anxiously as £hc paused before thoglaaa. - " I'm afraid I sliall look an object Lo-morrow," she said. "The morning Bunsbino Js M ecarching." ' ' . / Charter XX. — THE VOW IS VOWKH.; Oaly a chosen few had been bidden -to rMjm. Tempest's wedding. fihe bad toll all Jber friends Uial she -meant cvcrj-thing to be ;doHQ very xpucllr. "Tlieiv is so much that is saddening in pay position," sho said pensively. But she was re solved that those guests who were asked .to load their countenance to hor espousals should -bo the .very best people. Lord and Lady Kliangowan -had been askod and had accepted, and their presence alono world lend dignity to tho occasion. Oolonel and Mm. Oattcrct,. from Cop30 -IIaIl; tho Cbopnells, of Oliopncll Bark ; and about half a-doaen mthor re presentative landowners and commoners madomp tho disk - - " There is such a Gabisfaction in knowing they -oro.oll -the beat .-people," Ma, Tempest/ eud te > piain Winstanley, .when - tho/ went oyer, e! rHst together. - . . ..> ... > yVjs own friends were hut two, Major Pontor- Bonj hls best-man, and a > clerical cousin, with a . 'rti/:figure and a port-wiiicy noso, , who was to > assist Mr. Scohcl in the marriage servico. j ..Jt,was a very pretty wedding, > the neighbor-; liood declared unanimously ; despite the absence; of -that > most attractive feature in more youthful J'iiridals— a -string of girlish > bridesmaids. The .iittjc eliurch at Becchdale wasahowcr of summer' 'lobars! > The Abbey House conservatories had' beeri. . emptied— tho 'Ellangowans had > sent a; : waggon-load, of ferns and exotics. The atmo-: " piiere was heavy > with the scent of yellow roses; .. . jaidjBtephanotis. ; "Violet stood among > the guests, pale a/riiarhle;. Uq gleam of color on her cheeks exwpt the > wayier-i Ilrig'hncs reflected from the painted windows in; thp;: low gothic > chancd— the ruddy gold'1 of her j . hair shining under the vandyko: bab > with: fite 'sweeping featlicr. She was - the' loveliest; ' thing- in that > crowded church', whither 'people had eorne from ten miles- off to see. ' > "Squire Tempest's widow married ; hut she had a Cipcetral look in the faint > light ! of the' chancel, . 'trid secmed as strimge an imngc-at this' > 'wedding, ' ' as the ghost of Don Rainiro at Donna Clara's . "laridal dance. > ' ' I ,' i;iUyiolct-did not look like the. malevolent fairy! hi tho old > story, hut sho had a look and air; v-whieli tijld everyone that this > marriage -was 'dis- 'iftsteful tohcr. . r'j ;:wKen all was over and the > register had- been. , -'iigtied in the vestry, Captain Winstanley came > .'.'tap tbiidr, "with both hands extended,- before 'all j . , 'theconmpany . > ; ' ' 1 ' ; ' " My dear Violet, I am your father now," hej -!sajd.,; You > shall not find1 me wanting in my; ShSidrew back involuntarily ; and then, > seeing;. "Bloself the focus of so many eyes', suffered him;, . . .'l lo > touch the tips of her fingers. " .'.Ci-'-.Sou'.'are-very 'kind," she said. > "A daiigh-; ter can have hnt one father, and mine is dead.; jfyhope you will > he a good husband to" my mother. That is all I can desire of you." I AD the > best people heard this speech, which; i<wafe spoken' deliberately, in a low > clear voice, aridj ihe/'decided inwardly that whatever kind-'ofi -30 > Captain. Winstanley might have won for i himself, he had found liis match in > his step- &abghtcr.; i - ' : j.Now came the drivo to the Abbey House, which > <had' Pit' on a festive air, and where smartly- eLressed; servants were > lending , their smiles to a \- day which they felt to be, the end of a > peaceful and coirifortable era, and the beginning of an age c Of > uncertainty. " It was like that day at Ver- \- . i.BaiU.cs when the Third > Estate adjourned to the : Tennis Court, and the French Reyolution began. , > 'People smiled, and were pleased at the new ' /'movement and expectancy in > their lives, knowing -Jiot what was coming. We are bound to be livelier, > anyhow, with a T. military -master," said Pauline.; J'. A little more > company in the bouse wouldn't tomeamisa, -certainly, " said Miss Trimmer. " > 4' V I should like to see our champagne cellar .-better stocked," remarked > Forbes, tho butler, i V We're behind the times in .our sparkling wines." ' - > Captain Winstanley entered the old oak-panel led hall with his wife on his > arm, and felt himself ..... master of such a houseas a man might dream of -. > ill bis life and never attain. Money could not have bought it. Taste could > not have created it. \- The mello wing hand of time,' the birth and death > > _.jjf many generations, had made it beautiful. The wedding-breakfast was as > other wedding , .'-JEeasta. People eat and drank and mado believe to ,be > intensely glad, and drank more sparkling i r t wine than was good for them > at that abnormal hour, and began to feel sleepy before the speeches, .Jbrief > as they were, had come to an end. The '"'"in gist' sun shone in upon the > banquet, the ...creams and jellies. languished and collapsed in ,-the snltry > air. The wedding cake was felt to he a nuisance... The cracker bonbons > exploded faintly in the languid liancl3 of the younger ; j. gaests, and > those ridiculous mottoes-, which eouid ' hardly amuse anyone out of > Earlswood Asylum, yrere lookeclat a shade. inore contemptuously than nsual. > The weather was too warm for enthusiasm And Violet's pale set face was > almost as dis- heartening as the skeleton at an Egyptian ban- 5 , qriet. > When Mis. Tempest retired to put on her " travelling dress'Yiolet went with > her, a filial at- , tention the motherhad in no wise expected. . " Dear > girl," she said, squeezing her daughter's hand, " torday is not to make the > slightest dif- f fcrence. " I hope not mamma," answered Violet grave- <-'Z W > j' " but one can never tell v/liat is in the future. God grant you may he > happy I " ''I'm sure it will be my own fault if I am not , nappy with > Conrad," said tho wife of an hour, "' " and, oh "Violet ! my constant prayer > will he to . j«e you more.attatched to him." ''" ' Violet made no reply, and > here happily Pauline , , brought , the fawn-colored travelling-dress, em- > '.Jbroidered with poppies and cornflowers in their natural colore, afterthe > style of South Kensington, , 'i-dnfts so distractingly lovely that it > naturally -/"ptotari end to serious conversation. The whole " , costume had > been carefully thought out, a fawn- ""'colored parasol, edged with ostrich > feathers, a , fawn-colored bonnet, fawn-colored hessian boots, / fswn- > colored Swedish gloves with ten buttons — \- " aH prepared for the > edification of railway guards . . and pouters, and Scotch innkeepere and > tfceirvalc- . faille. VeriTy theTe are some games which seem . hardly worth > the candle that lights the players. And there was once upon a time an > eccentric ' < nobleman who was accounted maddest in that he madehis wife > dress herself from head to foot in "i one color. Other times other manners. > Violet stayed with her mother to the last, < received the last embrace— a > fond and tearful \- '"one — and watched the carriage drive away from fbe > porch amidst a showeT of rice. And then all was over. Tim best people were > bidding her a . kindly good-bye. Carriages drove up quickly, \- tod in a > quarter of an hour everyone was gone except the vicar and his wife. Vixen > found her- '-' Wlf -standing between Mr, and Mrs, Scobel, " looking blankly > at the old hearth, where an artistic group of ferns and scarlet geraniums > re- . - placed the friendly winter fire, " . Come and spend the evening with > us, dear, ' said Mrs. Scohcl.k'indl/ ; "/CiJijrifl' he so lonely for you here." _ > But Violet pleaded a headache, a plea which! was confirmed by ber pale cheeks and the dark rings round her eyes. ' -j ! "I shall he'better at -homo," she 'said. " I'll ! come and sec' you in a day: or two,' if I may. " j " Come whcricycr yon like, dear ; I wish you would como arid ' stay with us ' altogether. ; Ignatius and I have .been "so picked with, your conduct to-day, aud we have felt for you deeply, ; knowing what a: conquest you have made over yourself." The Reverend Ignatius murmured his aequies-;. cence. "Poor mamma I". sighed Violet, " I am afraid I have been very, unkind.", And then she looked absently round the old; familiai hall; and lier eye lighted on the squire's , favorite chair, which still stood in its place by the hearth. Her eyes filled with sudden tears. \ She fancied she could see a shadowy ..figure sitting ; there. The squire in'his red 'coat, his 'Jong hunt- ' ing whip across his kttee," his honest loving face smiling at her,. / " : 1 Sho squeezed. Mrs. Soohcl's friondlyband, hade her and the; vicar- a -huiried,. goodbye,, .and ran . out of the roop,, leaving them, looking after her . pityingly. "Poor girl," said' tile vitiar's. wife, .."how keenly she feclSjitl" n't j "Ali ii,!e.gig(|edjhe.>va( in favor of .second marriages! .! The vwidQw is happier if she Bo ahideV after my judgment, as St. Paul says.'" i V ; Vixen called Argus and went :up! to : her room, j followed by that faithful -companion. ; /When she i had shut and locked her door, she flung herself j on the ground, regardless of Madame Theodore's masterpiece, and . clasped Her arms round the dog's thick neck; and buried her face in his soft ! llidO. . . . i : -l.r. l " Oh Argus, I have riot a. friend, in the world : but ypu !" she sphbecL . -,:. ! 