THE EDUCATION QUESTION AND THE PASTOEALS. On last Wednesday evening, the Eov. Mr. Glasson, minister of the Wosleyan Church, Yass, delivered an address at tbe Meobanios' Institute on tbe Education Question, making special re- ference to tbe recent pastorals of tho Archbishop and bishops of tbe Eoman Catholic Church, and also to Borne correspondence on the snbjeot which bos appeured in tbe press. There were over three hundred persons present, and the applanse accorded to the reverend lecturer was most hearty and very frequent. In the absence of Dr. Perry, who excused himself on th6 plea of " headache," Mr. Denning was oalled to the ohoir, and in a few appropriate words introduced tbe Eev. Mr. Glasson. On coming forward, tbe Eov. Mr. GlasBon was received with loud cheers. He said— An intimate acquintance with all the principal politiaal changes of tbe last twenty-five years enables me to say that no question has during that time so moved onr colony from border to border as has the education question during the laBt few weekB. I can remember tbe contest for re sponsible government, as fought out by tbe late W. C. Weutworth; the great change in onr electoral law, carried by the late Charles Cowper; and tho great excitement created by tbe ory of free selection ; but in each of these named struggles there was a large number of our people who felt little or no interest, simply because their own position wob in no way threatened by the proposed changes. But in the oducation question the whole community feels interested, for bound up with our well-being as a country is the right direction of tbe mind of our rising race; not only parents bnt all others feel that the settlement of tbo question will largely affect, for good or evil, the whole colony of New South WaleB. In our oburches, our borne oirolos, the needs of our youth are recognised, and wbon I state that £410,725 was voted rooently by Par liament for ednoational purposes, you will_ have very satisfactory evidence that tbe necessity is recognised thero. Tbo above vote has, as you are aware, been expended aocording to the pro visions of tbe Pablio Schools Act of 1S67, and tho question arises do tho regulations therein contained give satisfaction to those who pro taxed for ednoational purposes? The question has been variously answered. Some time ago a large number of influential man, feeling that many of our young pooplo woro deriving no advantage from our odncation laws, banded together under tho title of "The League," with a ory for "Froe, Secular, and Compulsory.'1 We then heard from certain quarters tho reply, " The Public Schools Act, and no change." Now, however, we aro treated to a joint paBtoral, and two pastoral letters by Archbishop Vaughan, condemning tho whole thing in no measured terms. It will bo my oira to-nigbt to point out the chargos brought against our present system, But at the outset let me draw your attention to the evident objeot in view by the Iiorann Catholic leaders, as clearly shown by their recent do. liverances. I give you the following extract from the first pastoral of Archbishop Vaughan, extracted bv him from Cardinal Newman (sei "Joint Pastoral," p. 14) — " Ho tolls the worlil what that one thing is, which, on look ing back upon a long and eventful career, gives him umnlngled satisfaction. It is not that lie lias been so marvellously successful in his literary efforts; not that lie has led hundreds, by Ills influence, into the fold; not that ho has, as a philosopher and theologian, produced an impression on tho English-speaking mind, unique in its intensity ns well as its extension; but it is just this— because lie has from the first opposed himself to the master error of tho age. He says that lie has made many mistakes; but thero is one mistake that lie lias not made, llo lias not remained passive under a great evil: lie has not opposed it in a half-hearted way, or been silent when lie should speak. As some great chief whose life lias been spent 111 battle, and who looks hack on the events of many a well-fought Held, ho exclaims, ' I rejoice to say to one great mischief 1 have from the first opposed myself. For thirty, forty, fifty years I have resisted to tho best of my power the spirit of liberalism in religion Liberalism in religion is the doctrine that thero is no positivo truth in religion, and that one creed is as good as another, and this is the teaching that is gaining force and substance dnlly. It is inconsistent with the recognition of any religion as true. It teaches that all are to he tolerated, as all aro matters of opinion. ' " Arohbishop Vaughan then adds — " If the denominations be deprived of State support, in addition to these we shall, without delay, call in a strong body, thoroughly devoted men and women, to supply our want. More Jesuits, more Franciscans, and. Marists will he forthcoming at oncc. IVc should put ourselves into immediate communica tion with tho Christian Brothers, the Xaverian Brothers, and the Pramionstratensians; and then, in a few years, Catholics would be strong enough and earnest enough, if they be not so at present, not only to assert, but to gain and maintain their rights." Tbo first of these extracts declares strongly against tho right of private judgment, hutitniso does vory much moro — it deprecates tho fact that roligious liborty iB ii" thing toloratcd, and, if I understand Dr. Vaugban's threat (in tho second extract), it is simply this, that by tho import ation of a 6trong body of Romanist agents our colony should be so educated that the thirty per cent, of onr popumtiou who profess Roman Catholicism shall bo increased by every available moans, so that the Church of Rome shall ho in tho majority ; and if that duy shall over como, and that Chnrch remains truo to her traditions, i her teachings, an i her history, tiio right of privato judgment will at onco ho violently taken from us, and then farewell to freedom, to that which is dear to every Briton —sweet liborty. (Applauso.) Archbishop Vaughan has himself unsheathed tho sword, and hn3 first diroctly chargod hia flock to at once rsmovo their children from tho "godloss public schools," audsocoudly has told tbem to vote straight at tho next election —all matters of public interest or political economy are to bo surrendered to this glorious contest, the outcome of which is intended to be the spiritual bondago of Australia's Bons. Well: it so happened that on opportunity soon aroso foi orossicg tho sword, and I remind you tho Edward Combos made' Arohbishop Vaugban's war cry tho very pivot on which ho asked tho electors to turn the scale, and again, that with all the fiery zeal of a convort to another system, he spoke plainly all that was in his boart ; and that, in the face of nil this, Combes was returned by an overwhelming- fifsjority — (Applause)— I , think you will hardly charge me with prosump- j tion when I predict that the emphatic denial j given to Rome's unreasonable domands by the East Macquarie electors will bo followod by every electorate in tho colony, and thus onr pooplo i will protest against surrendering their liberty, , their freedom, at the dictation of his Graco ; Archbishop Vaughan, backed up as ho declares | it to be by the voice from Romo. (Cheers.) | But to return to the pastorals. The firBt thing ; I notice is the complaint of injustice on tho plea ' of unequal treatment. I should like to ask in what respects are Romanists denied oven-handed , justice? Are thoy taxed to support ProteBtan- j ism ? They know well that such is not the case ; j that no ism, or creed, or dogma receives as such any recognition in our public school syBtem. Is j it not rather preference they are seeking— a re- : cognition which would make thoirs virtually tho ; State schools, as being in vory fact tho only ones ' roceiving State aid for the teaching of dogmatic theology? I could understand that with some show of reason such a claim might bo put forth in Eng- i land, whero the State pays for roligious instruc- i tion in tho schools ; but hare, where all are treated \ exactly alike, the charge of injnstico will hardly stand examination. Tho fact is, the State hero olfors to pay for education, but declines to re cognise or interfere with sect or creed, and I ! moy add, vory wisely too. (Applause.) But in contradiction of the charge' of inequality and injustice, I find that a large number of Eoman Ontholic colonists have readily availed themselves of the advantages ofTered by our public schools. It baa needed the scourging lash of pastoral after pastoral, and, even thon, many havobluntly refused to comply with the command tc with draw their obildron from our non-sectarian sohools. Witness the case of Richard Keana, of Bathurst, a man I knew well for tbe last twenty- six years or so. He was a warm-heartod Irish man, and a dovoted son of tho Roman Catholio Church, but he honestly believed that bis son would obtain educational advantages at tbe Sydney Grammar School, whioh in tho Roman Catholic College at Bathurst hn could not realise, and notwithstanding that pressure of tho severest aud most oruel kind was brought to bear on him, ho endured it all so that his son might be educationally fitted for any position in life which might open before him. And there aro many— very many — Romanist's in New South Wales to-day, who, fooling that far higher educa tional advantages can bo secured in oar public schools than in their sectarian ones, very wisely refuse to obey the dictum of tho Church.' These establish tho fact that our schools are free for all, are open to all, and the indictment ot in equality and injnstico falls to the ground. (Ap plause.) Lot us say in this connection that wo aro mot with tho whining cry—" If our domondB are not conceded to us we must bo propared to suffer from tbo injustice." Ono would suppose that in self-governing communities, the majority not the minority Bhould rule. Is it not an estab lished thing that everywhere the State must rale by her majority. Oh ! but that does not refer to matters of conscience, is the ro ply —you must rospect the conscience of tbo minority. I reply, and so we will, by first keeping matters of con science distiact from State dictation altogether, and secondly, wo will allow every one to hold his own religious opinions and conscientious con victions, and tbo majority will see to it tbst he is not persecatcd for that. (Cheers.) Further than that it wore unreasonable to ask the majority to go. By tho way, is the Eoman Catholio Church quite sincere in her demand for perfoct equality ? Remove tho claim from Syd ney to Eomo. Let tho Protestant tenth of the Imperial City demand that inasmuch as they are now a tenth of the community, and therefore pay a tonth of tho taxes, on tho ground of equ&licy; their sharo of tho taxos should be handed over co them forthwith to toaoh Protestantism in Eomo. I ask Archbishop Vaughan to fill io the anBwer they would receive. (Applause,) Further more, allow me to aBk his Grace in what part of tho Catholic world equality or oven toleration has been extended to tho Protestant people. Talk of equality, was there any toleration fot tbem under the shadow of tbe Vatioan till Victoi Emmanuel lot the light of liberty into tbo 'Holy City ? We have been told over and over again ol late that it is not a part of Romanist teaching to feol or speak disparagingly of others. I do not liko to call people bard Dames, but when I say tbo statement is sadly boliad by tbe facts I am only stating that which can be easily proved, What of a certain deliverance in the Rornar Catholio pulpit in this . town only a fon < Sabbath evenings ago? Thore are ladios pre sent, so I will not reproduce all that pari of it as published in tbe Catholic Times. II is rather too coarso for that, but it conclude: with tbo plain unvarnished statement that al persons out of tho Church of Eomo are doomed t( perdition. A voice: And it is true, too. I i have in my hand a curiosity, tho like of wbict you cannot find, I think, in any part of Noyi i South Wales. I got it direct from the c.lorgy< ' man who brought it from the South Sea missions 1 I vouch for its correctness. Thore, as else whore, when they dare to do so, tho priests refusi 1 i to give the Bible to thoir flock; but inasmuch a: 1 1 tho Protostant converts have the Bible, th< j natives demanded " Tho Book," and this pre oious document is given to them as a substitut i for the Word of Life : — \- I'.ue 1.-- Alphabet, anil small words like ba anil be. Page -'.— Things to be believed : 1. Belief in one God. 2. God created angels aud men to be obedient. Adam aud Eve were tbe first man and woman. Satan tempted them. Page 3.— The incarnation of Christ : Born of Virgin Mary; was our Deliverer; lived a long time at Nazareth with Mary and St. Joseph; was teaching three years; and then died on the cross to save us. He arose again from tho dead; then ascended into I leaven; and lie will by-anil-bye come to judgo all mankind. Jesus Christ established His church on St. Peter and the holy man living nt Home; but some have been dis obedient to their teaching ; they have trifled with the word of our Saviour, anil thoy continue in their disobedience in tho judgment of the holy man, nnd therefore verily peiish aud are separated from the truo faith — their names aro heretical men. The heretical lottt is more nonsense; it is not a bit of good; It is the very work of Satan. These are the names of some whom Satan tempted to split up tho lotu : — Luther nnd Calvin and Wesley. All these, let, mo say, ore doing only that which is taught thorn from tho Vatican. A littlo whilo ago wo bod heforo us tho curses in dotail which woro hooped on not only tho Protestant heads in Rome, but on all who gavo thom noy counten ance or aid. Our Protestant churches wero put side by side with houses of ill-fame, tavorns, &o; , us nil equally doserving Papal roprobation. If you will not think mo irrovorent, I must say that my naughty inomorics tuko tne back to tho " Jackdaw of Rhoims : " — " He cursed 1dm in eating, lie cursed him in drinking. He cursed him in waking, In sleeping, in winking. '.ever was heard such a terrible curse. Bur what gave rise to no little surprise, Nobody seemed a penny tho worse." (Appluuso.) Wo aro not very much troubled about it, however, for wo read — "The curse causeless shall not como." Secondly, lot mo bring bofore you tho denunciations contained in tho pastorals. Wo aro loid, in the first place, that tho public schools nro godless. It is strange that our Protestant community has not yet bvon able to find out whero tho viper has its poisonous I nags concoaled ; neithor, till vory j lately, did oven tho lurgo majority of tho Eoman I Catholic community suspect it. But tho state ment is flatly contradicted - 1st, By tho fact that admirable Scripturo lessons, containing the fundamental truths of onr holy religion, on which all are ugrood, havo been carofully ' selected from tho Protestnnt nnd Donay versions of the holy Scriptures ; and secondly, i thero is tbo further religious ndvantago which > tho one hour oach duy regulation offers. And l hero let mo soy that in connection with that very regula'ion Archbishop Vaughan, on Sunday, the i 24th ultimo, in his evening deliverance, tried to i blind his pcoplo as to the truo facts of tho case. , His picturo represented all the children and all : the clergymen of tho 'various denominations put b togethor in the claBS-room, at one and tbo same time, for the purpose of giving religious instruc tion, end tho right rovorond prelate described tho scene as " Bedlam broke looso." Where, lot mo ask, save in tho rev. gentleman's fortilo imagination, was such a soene over enacted in New South Wales ? If there are any Eoman Catholic paronts present, I will just say to tbem you may send your obildron to the public school in this town, and on ovory Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday mornings your spiritual teachers will find a class-room at their disposal, so that any roligious instruction you desire may be giveu. So much has been said olsewhoro in vindication of tbe charge of godlessness that I feol it needless to add anything further. (Ap plauso.) Then we aro told that they ore the seedplots of infidelity, lawlessness, and immo rality, but we are loft quite in the dark as to the way iu which they are likely to develop these sad traits of depravity. It is rathor unfortunate for the argument that wo have no specific casos to deal with. Lot us now look at what iB de manded by tho pastorals. I giva Archbishop Vaughan and his co-labourers credit for pointing out a remedy for tbe grievance. But before we accept tbe suggestion we must ask ourselves are we prepared to surrender a Bystera with which tho i Secularist community is well satisfied (and with which till very lately most of tho Romanists wero also) for a system which presents many difficulties, and indicates the need of largely increased expenditure. Tho joint pastoral tells us it is an absoluto need of tho Romish Chu««h that — " II in any country iu tho worlil signs aro being hclil out or every side of tho necessity ol an especial school ot sclf- controY,' rovoronco, piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. It in any country Catholic children require a strong Catholic education, it is here. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety aud reverence, a large staff of clergy, a Catholic public opinion, with many other external helps, nssist in the training up of the young in a Christian spirit; but here, where all is new, tho clergy few, the population small and scattered, and the external helps wanting, it is most difficult, witli the best efforts of the host Catholic training, to rear up tho children to Christian piety, and with thorough Catholio instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Christianity out of the schools, anil to confine it to a Sunday catechism class, under such circumstances as these ?" Having very carefully read the paragraph — Where is home ? is the quostion that at onae suggests itself to my mind. Is it Rome? Is it England? Where is it? Certainly Rome pre sents none of those features so touchingly pre sented iu tbe above extract. Is it to old Pro testant England that Archbishop Vaughan has to point for nn exampla? Sba is the glorious homo of a freedom (not inherited from Eomo) which placoB her among the high kingdoms of tbe earth. I have not tbe powor of language possessed by Canon Smith, but if you will allow me I will give you a picture ho has drawn of the grand old isle— "Sbo sits enthroned as God's ambassadress — in ono hand she holds tbo scales of justice, iu tho othor hand the torch of truth, aud over tho dark places of tbe earth sho throws hor light, a light that brings with it a thousand blessings." (Loud cueers.) But she is what she is, in spite of, not becauso of, Eomo, though Archbishop Vaughan has told us that she owes her glory to the fact that for long centuries sbo was bathing in a Catholic atmosphere ; and here, I will ask permission to remind you that the Churoh of Rome had ovory advantage afforded her to fit hor for bearing joy and blossing to the world. Tho historian says of tho first three oenturics that ail religions wore regarded by the people us equally true, by the philosophers as false, and by the civil powers as equally useful. The rosult was a delightful time of religious toleration. How did Rome use her opportuni ties? We find her after twelve or thirteen centurieB in old England, bathing tho land in (not at atmosphere of gentleness and love, but) tho blood of thousands of England's noblost sons ; but a brightor day was dawning— not tbe day which Henry tho VIII. ushered in— when religious questions wero doalt with as more matters of political convenienco, sadly contra dicting tbo statement that " with politics as such it wob never our tasto to meddlo." If I could i only bring before you tho ghost of Henry VIII. 1 or Cardinal Wolsey, Loo X,, Clement VII., or Paul III., their ovidenco would givo a different 1 complexion to tbe historio past from that which the pastoral would have us believe. I ask you rather to listen whilst Latimer addrosses his fellow martyr Ridley thus — "Be of good cheer, ' brother, we shall this day light suoh a toroh in . England as I trust in God will nover be ex tinguished." Woro tbey not words of fullest ' prophetic import? Did not tbo light begin then ' to clearly shine ? Has not the outcome been that it is England's glory and boast that her flag f only floats ovor tho free, tbat slavory has no i place in her dominions, and shall wo, her free i sons, allow a bondage of the worst kind, oven ' tho bondage of priestorieft, to bo put on us wber i .wo have the powor to prorent it. (ApplfiuBe.j , I am sure every Protestant here, every lover o i freedom, will give an emphatic denial to : demand so nnjust, so pregnant with mischief, so utterly subversive of all tbat which wo hole j highest iu admiration. (Loud applause.) Le ; mo speak now of tbo payment by results, i.e. i the grant-in- aid system. If that Bystem is tc I succeed, all our public schools must be closed > and in place of tbem we shall have, in everj centre of population, tho koenest compe i tition introduced betwean tbo various churches r Would not that tend, think you, to thi \- revival and continuance of party and sootariai . strife suoh as wo hopo is for over driven fron \- our land? Then in this rivalry we would fine s the little spots now supporting ono general sya s torn utterly neglected, and worse than all, thi e large increase of schools in all centres of popu \- lation would moan a largo increase of toachera s and iuasmuch as the Bchools wbon disconneotoc would be small and unromunorativo, a lower clas of teachers, and in duo course thoro would b a necessity for increased inspection, which again would moan increased expenditure, with a final result of much lower class schools and inferior touching, and all, not because Protestants want a ohango, but solely to conciliate tho Church of Rome. Aro oven tho thinking portion of that Church prepared to agitate for such a change? Let tho case of Richard Keuna (already alluded to)— lot tho action of Thomas Fitzpatrick, of Carcoar — let tho lotter signed "A Nativo Catholic," and published in the Yass Courier re cently, bo then answered. Allow mo to cail your attention in passing to tho caso of Thomas Fitzpatriok (just referred to). The Rev. Father Eyau, Roman Catholic clergyman of Carcoar, stated, while addressing his congregation : — ' There was a man in this town who had a son. some ten or eleven years ohl. attending the public school, nnd also attend ing the Catholic Sunday school. His parents cared nothing about him. and he is growing up in perfect ignorance of all religion, lie did not know one word of his morning or evening prayers; he did not even know how to bless himself; he was growing up like his father before him— in ignorance." And tbe following is the comment made by Mr. Fitzpatrick : — " There cannot lie the slightest iloubt these charitable remarks were intemieil to apply to myself anil my son, as I am tire only man who lias a son about that age attending tho public school, and also attending tho Catholic Sunday school. 1 don't consider Father Ryan's remarks concerning myself worthy of notice, as I have not the slightest doubt if I allowed his reverence to dictate to me where I should send my son to be edncated he would alter Ids opinion of mo very much, and perhaps consider me a very enlightened person; but 1 think I should he doing a very great injustice to myself and to tin- family ;f I allowed Father Ryan's remarks about my son to go unchallenged. My son attended the convent school for some years, and has been in constant attendance at the Catholic .Sunday school from the time lie was aide to walk to it up to tho present time, and surely if the statements made were true, and mv son was growing up as lie described, no greater censure could be passed on the teachers of that school." .. | Yos, tho Roman Catholics appreciate tho educa tional advantages tvo have in Now South Wales too much to lightly surrender them with thepro- ! spoct of having in exchange an immensely inforior article. But when wo aro askod to seriously cor.sidor tho question of paymont by results, wo havo a right, without being charged with unkind- noss, io look at what tho Church of Romo has dono elsewbore for tho cause of education. Iu n letter Irotn Mr. Tobbutt, of Windsor, and pub lished in tho .9. M. Herald, we have the state- moot that tho scientific world has lost ot least u oontury by tho persecuting interference of tho Papal power. Was not Copernicus hunted to tbo last hours of his life for having dared to sug- ' gestthe " heliocentric theory;" was not tbo noble 1 Gordiana Bruno burnt to death for declaring his belief in a plurality of worlds ; and as touch- ing Galileo— let this extract supply tho inform ation— " By the desire of his Holiness and ot the most cminen1 Lords Cardinals of this supreme and univcral inquisition of tile two propositions, of tho stability of tho sun anil motions of the earth, were gunli/u\f by the Theological Qualifiers as follows : — " 1st. The proposition that the sun is tho ccntro of the world, and immovable from its place, is absurd, philosophically false, and formally heretical; because it is expressly contrary to Holy Scripture. " 2ndly. The proposition that the earth is not the centre of tho world, nor immovable, but that it moves, and also with a diurnal motion, is absurd, philosophically false, and theologic ally considered at least erroneous in faitli. ' " After a long and declamatory expose, from one passage iu which it has been suspected that Gniilci was put to the torture, it concludes thus— " We decree that the Book of the Dialogues of Galileo Galilei he prohibited by edict: we condemn you to the prison of this ollice during pleasure; we order you, for the next three weeks, to recite once a week the Scvon Penitential Psalms, Ac., .kc. "To obtain so mild a sentence Gililci was obliged to adjure, on tho Gospels, bis belief in the C'opernican doctrine. Wo quoto a part of his adjuration : — " With a sincere heart and unfeigned faitii I adjure, curse, and detest the said errors and heresies (viz., that the earth moves, Ac.); I swear that I will never in future say or assert anything, verbally or in writing, which may give rise to a similar suspicion against me " I, Giliieo Gililei, have adjured the above with my own hand." " Rising from his knees after this solemnity, lie whispered io a friend, E pur se mouvrc : " It moves for all that." This latter act, however, is questioned by a recent biographer of Galileo.' Clearly, tho soiontific world has nothing to thank mother Church for. And now for moral teaching. Is statistical ovidenoe in favour of a complianco with tho demand of tho pastoral? Will a review of the state of morals in England, France, Austria, Rome, or Australia, in 30 far as the moral teaching of Rome is concerned, boar favourable comparison with those of other sec tions of tho Christian Church ? I will givo yon, as briefly as I can statistical evidence on the matter. In the matter of births the following startling facts nppoar. In London for ovory 100 legitimate thore aro 4 illegitimate births ; in Brussels, 100 legitimate to every 9 illegitimate ; in Paris, 100 legitimate to 48 illegitimate ; and in Rome, 100 legitimate to every 143 illegitimate. In England wo find that for every 187,000 per sons thero is one raurdor ovory year ; in Holland for every 16S.000 thoro is one murder ; in Russia, for ovory 100,000 there is one murder ; in Austria (a Roman Catholio country), for ovory 4113 there is one murder ; in Naples, for ovory 2750 thero is ono murder; in Romo, for every 750 thoro is ono murder, Ono in every 187,000 in England is rather a startling contrast to one in every 750 in the Holy City. And now for tho criminal population of Liverpool. The chief constable of Walton gaol, in furnishing his re port, tolls us that 12,285 criminals passed through tho gaol during tbe yoar ; that although tho Roman Catholic population is just ooo- tbird of the whole population of Liverpool, and consequently tho fair criminal Roman Catholic proportion should he 4100, yet he presents to us tho startling fact that 8453 (more than two-thirds of tho whole) were members of the Roman Catholic Church, and (worst feature of all) that 4571 were females. Tho Roman Catholic chaplain for that gaol has not attomptod to show tbat tho figures aro innor- reot. Ho feels for his own credit's sake tbat something must bo Baid, and he deliberately eays tho members of the Roman Catholic popula tion of Liverpool have bean well instructed in the things of their holy religion. All I can soy is that if tho teaching of Roman Catholic dogmaB is followed by resultB such as those wo will do well to hesitate bofore accepting the proposed changes. I givo you ia this connection a very painful fact, viz., that one-fifth of tbe criminal population of England and Wales is made up of Roman Catholio females. A word respecting Australia. I find that in our own land, although tho Roman Catholics are not quite 30 per cent, of the population, yet two-thirds of tho crime ie chargod to thoir account (soven times their share). Although Father ColliDgridge tried to show that the down- troddea condition of tbe Irish in the Emerald Islo under tyrannical British rulo was the cause of this great dispadity, I feel sure you will not ask mo to reply at length to that oharge. Enough if I say that every man who has come to Australiahas found on landing that the past dead shall boollowedtobury its dead, andtbat ovory aid will bo given to thoso who determine to do right. _ Again, throe and a half times their fair proportion of orphans find their woy to our orphanages, and how is this accounted for? The same gentlemau Bays— A largo number oi our young womon marry Protestant husbands, . who, after a time, desert them, and thon thoy are driven to the benevolent institutions. I fee! j" very much inclined to use a strong word here, but I forboar. Pastor D. Allon gives a case | which shows Father ColliDgridge's position very t exactly. Some timo ago he (Pastor Allooj j married a young couple— tbe man was a Protos- ( tant, the woman had boon a Roman Catholic, I but had " turned." Some time afterwards, c f ohild being born to them, the woman took the t littlo oue to tho priest and it was received intc tho true church. Tho father protested, but a: timo passed on he found that he was only i t " malo party," virtually, a nobody in, his.owr house, and at last in sheer desperation (excuse , the vulgarism) " cleared out, and left wifo one priests the masters of the situation." I mighl ' add ono or two cases which wore narrated te . me, one by a brother of the " male party " in i case at Orange— tho othor, a case of whioh I wni j informed by some persons of tho highest re j speotability in Maitland. They oach show clearlj j that unless tho man determinos to be the head o j his own house and puts down prioatly interfer . ence, his wisest course, if he hopes for am j peace, is to do what Father Collingridge say" . many of our young ProtoBtants do. If any om is ready to say tho Church of Rome is not to b< j blamed for this state of things, I ask that porsot g to look carefully at the following extracts fron B Moynooth's teaching and Den's Theology (th latter a worn held in high estimation in tho Church) : — Maynootli says But is tho condition oi educating the off spring in liorcsy repugnant to the substance of matrimony, viz. that tho sons may follow thoir heretical father, and the daughters thoir Catholic mother. And Daelman observes that if the Catholic party entering matrimony under sucii conditions directly intended the education of her offspring in heresy, the marriage would be invalid. Den's says Sho is hound by no obligation to permit the oducation of her offspring in a damnable sect. I think we can see a closor connection between thoso facts and tho teachings given hero than between them and our "godless public schools." Lot mo just bore say that if our young people will only consult thoir own happiness thoy will oarefuily avoid a mixed marriage of that sort. Some time ago I positively refused to marry one of my own peoplo to a Romanist. My position was this, the priest will not do it and why should I? I havo still more statistical ovidenco before me, it ell tends directly to show that wherovor Romanism has had or still has tbo education, moral or religiouB, of tho people, ignorance, crime, and lawlessness are in the ascendant. I bring now tho whole matter to a point. I ask you— 1st, Aro we prepared to givo tho death blow to freedom by making tho concessions demanded when in return, as an inevitable result, we shall have an infinitely lower class of schools, and all that a churoh whose opposition to tho advnnco of science have been so cruel, whose fruitB boar anything but a favourable comparison, whether viewed from a moral or criminal standpoint, with other churcbos, Bhall bo conciliated, shall have an unreasonable preference given to her, such as none other of us would dream of asking ? I have no doubt whatovor as to the nii9wor you will givo. 2nd, Shall wo assist tho Roman powor in tho establishment of an ulion creed, when wo aro honestly told by hor spokesman that her rights shall yet bo rospectod in Australia (and tho definition of what hor rights aro is very plainly dofinod, viz., to declare what and what only shall bo tolerated by iier) ? I confidently rely ou you for an unmistokoablo answer. (Loud applause.) In conclusion— Thoro havo been times of intonso oxcitomont, when wo hove wondered what the ultimatum would bo; whother, for instance, responsible government would bo a success ; whether manhood suffrage was just tho best way out of our electoral diffi culties; whothor froo selection would prove that boon to our land which its warm admirers declared it would be— but through it all wo venture to hope, to soy with Longfellow— Thou, too, sail on. Oh : ship of state. Sail on. Oh ! union, strong and groat. In spite of rock and temjvst loar. in spite of false lights on the shore, Sail on, uor fear go bravo the sea; Our hearts, our hopes are all with thee; Our hearts, our hopes, onr prayers, our tears. Our faitli, triumphant o'er our fears. Are alt with thee, are all with thee ! (Choors.) But; now a for more confident strain is ringing in my oars— Give to the winil thy ik-nri is tho uttorauco to which I listen now. I am confidont that my fellow-coloniBts so thoroughly appreciate tho blessings associated with Protes tant institntions that the unreasonable demands put forth will be firmly doniod, and that nt lonBfc the groat majority will assist in maintaining this land— tho land of my birth— eminently froo in its institutions, and tbat whilst ruling, as tho majority clearly has tho right to do, wo will givo to tho minority tho right to hold their own con scientious convictions, so that ono and all we may, without any let or hindrance, worship God under our own vino aud lig tree, none daring tt interrupt us or mako us afraid. (Tho rev. lecturer resumed his sent amidst loud and long continued applause.) Alderman Tnnswell proposed o hearty vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Glasson for bis eloquent and instructive address. (Applause.) Mr. Juckson seconded the motion, which, on being put to tho mooting, was carriod by acclamation. The Chairman having .conveyed tho thanks of tho audience to tho Rev. Mr. Glasson, that gon- tlomau briefly acknowledged the complimont, nnd tbo_gathering dispersed about ton o'clock. 