^rowal §kw& |||P^ The Belibingers will give tbeir return *^ performance in tbe Institute Hall, Stratbalbyu, '? this evening, when they will present an en tirely new- programme, and. will perform on tbeir new fict of bells. We take this last op portunity of -advising our readers not to miss * tois, tbe last opportunity they may have of ;# hearing' these' talented artiste. To-morrow -toe company will perform at Langhorne's Creek, Saturday, at Milang, Monday, at Wellingtoni and at Meningie.on Tuesday. MKnnnllH'nRlim 4T fiflHERiRBA — A tele gram t* tbe Sqjuter states that Corporal Taoey was found dead in Mb cbair on Monday \ last at about a quarter to 5 o'clock. He was quite well and about the township up to past lour. Efe-ijftdi-een busy prepariDg for remo ▼al to Stratbslpjaijpn.the fi*»t of Jiext-month, to take Mr. Decbert'a place, that gentleman Baring feSigned'bis posidon in the force. ?fThe oMurirent^i-iuis licaused great* iconsterua i ^u bere,*ndnnnBb sympathy is felt fiw^rs, I T»«»y *n^ her.^only -voy. -' : Poet Victor Ihstitute. — On Friday even ing last a capital entertainment came off at Port Victor, by the 'Breakwater Christy Minstrels' in aid of its funds. Tbe Hall was crowded by a respectable and appreciative audience, and the performers must have felt greatly elated at the success of their good intentions, both as to the proceeds and their reception. Shortly after 8 the minstrels — seven in number — made their bow, and at once proceeded with the first part of their programme, which- included an overture, several well sung songs and choruses, besides the usual or rather an unusually good selec tion of jokes by the end men — Messrs. Lawrence (Bones) and Jesser (Tambourine). Most of their jokes bad a local tendency, and took remarkably well, as for instance the fol lowing, a question in arithmetic: — 'If it takes say 24 well- known individuals to get a man a job on the breakwater, how many unknown individuals will it take to procure bim the sack?' Answer.— -' One Stranger is quite sufficient ! ' When we state that Mr. T. Stranger id tbe foreman of the works, no surprise will be felt at the reception it met ? uproarious applause. The second pait in cluded comic songs and scenes in character, with step dancing, in which Messrs. Jesser, Lawrence, Brown, Piothero, and Mayne ac quitted themselves with professional efficiency, and numerous encores were imperatively in sisted on. Tbe entertainment concluded with a laughable faroe, ' The Ghost in the Pawn shop.' which kept tbe audience, in high glee from first till last. The farce abounded in local hits, every one good and effective. Altogether we have seldom attended an amateur entertainment where so much that was done would bear comparison with pro fessional performances. The two end men were especially amusing, all through, without the slightest descent to lowness or vulgarity, and the singing, though lacking somewhat in harmony, was v«ry fa-r. On another occasion it will be well to make sure of a pianist ; in this case a disappointment occurred at me last moment, and consequently the music was very thin. At the conclusion oftfaeeuter tainment Mr. H. Hodgson, J.P., moved a hearty vote of thanks to the Minstrels for their kindness, which was unanimously car ried. The Rivee Teade.— The Register's Man num correspondent under date November 23 writes:— ' Thu Alhary aud barge Macintyre, Captain Wallace, arrived here this morning with a fine load of wool from the Upper Dar ling. She had 1,300 bales for shipment at Victor Harbour, via (ioolwa. The Macintyre had five tiers above deck well stowed, stacked, and in splendid order. Captain Wallace brought her down without a scratch or accident of any kind, which considering the present fl Joded state -f the Darling, is rather a difficult feat for steamer and barge loaded as they were. Captain Wallace reports the JS'il Desperar.dum having caught fire. Particulars are not to hand, the steamer having been away from the main river up a creek after wool. It is stated that some of the wool and ab mt two tons of tallow are burned, and that Ca tain Anderson had fallen down the hold aud fractured s inie of bis ribs. The fire broke out about 12 o' clock at night. She had been waiting for wool a considerable time and had secured a good 1 load. The barges two in number, were, how ever, left in the riv^r whilst the sieamer alone bad gone up the creek. Doubtless full par ticulars will ba to hand in a day or two, as her owner (Captain W. Eandell ) bs.3 gone up in tbe Corowa/and wi!l meet the Nil Dcsper andum on her way down. The Jolly Miller wiih about 1, 403 bales for Goolnra is also close at hand, aud the Weutworth is expected very shortly. ' ' The Spieits of the Sooth' are 'about — so we hear, and something astonishing is to be looked for at the Straihalbyu Institute j shortly. We are no mediums— so cannot say exactly what is to-be-done, but an adver tisement elsewhe-e promises a grand drawing room Entertainment of magic, mystery, mirth, and music. This we do know, that tbe spirits are spirity individuals, aud we have no doubt the Gymnastic Club— in whosa service they are enlisted— will be able to fly high after the : entertainment. Municipal Election. — Attention is called to the lact ibat the elections in connection with the Municipal Corporation of this town will take place on Monday next. Some little more interest than usual appears to have been taken in the matter this year, there being a contest for each office to be filled. The Poex Vicroa Breakwatjek is pro gressing slowly but surely: — t visit to the works last Saturday showed that a considera ble difference had beep made in the appear ance of the island since our previous inspec tion. The recent blast threw enormous quantities of stone, &C;, upon the gang way, and this h.is now all been cleared away, making communication open to the point of tbe island. The sea tunnel is ready for firing, an i the parliamentary one nearly so; buttnese cannot be fired until Draper pro vision ib made for the fall of the debris, which, it is expected, will take another month's work. The sea tunnel penetrates a length of 179 feet ; and tbe other one considerably more, having two T heads with several cham bers. The break wa er is now out in the sea about 100 feet, or 150 feet from the starting point; and even this length only has a sooth in-r effect unon the waters on its internal face. Immense bouldeis are daily placed iu position by the powerful steam crane, aud one of «he hopper barges assists by daily deposit ing seme 240 tons of smaller rock. The screw piles for the jetty have been landed from the Atma, and are now in course of erection. Owing, however, to the stone crusty na'ure of tbe sea bottom, the progress is alow, pel hips not more than three pile-* being screwed home within a week. Several steam cranes are constantly employed, and blasting opera! i -ns of a small character are almost constant. So far as we can judge, Mr. Bobb is certainly doing his best to make the Port Victor Breakwater a Bnb stautial reality. Goolwa Notes — The Paringa, Mundoo, and Aibury have arrived with wool, and other arrivals are expected. The fl -gstaff ha? proved very useful already, and is an ornament to the wharf. The Tramway Manager, Mr. Wauchope, is having the new rails laid to and through the new goods sheds ; and as there is a great quansity of loose sandy soil abou , we are glad to see that he is truckiug marl and having it neatly spread over the sand, a job which will make the wharf pppiaicb.es aud surroundings much more comfortable. Tbe Queen of the South arrived last Thursday with 50 tons of Roods for up rivers; and went out again on Saturday with bark, &c; We hear that some large quantities of goods will shortly be arriving at Port Victor for the rivers. Mr. WHeox's new steamer is fast approaching completion; her engine— RobeyV patent — is being fitted -and in a week or two's time she will be ready for a -trial trip. - We note building operations are still going on in various parts— new cottages, additions, &c.; The recent Btorm had very little effect at Goolwa; p'enty of rain fell, the new Govera tank getting four fee , but the wind was nothing out of the wat . At Ned's Corner tbe wind was terrific, cutting a clear roadway through a forest of three feet gums with the ease of a scythe in a crop of hay. We hear that one steamer got caught in a squall ap the river and was blown bodily high anddry on to the bank. Over 13,000 bales of wool have come to Goolwa as yet, the Borealis . and Garnock having taken fall cargoes to London. The Oaklands and Atma are now loading at Port Victor, and another vessel is to follow. A short time ago a Danbury man had 40dol. stolen from him. The thief was sub seguently struck with remorse, and -sent bade 20dols., with a note to the effect that as soon ashe received more remorse be would send bick the rest. RIVER MURRAY BREWERY. — On Friday last we were courteously shown over Mr. Edward Clark's River Murray Brewery at Goolwa — long known as Dutton's, and were astonished at the extensiveness of the premises and the conveniences for doing the large and increas- ing business which Mr. Clark owns. Mr. Dutton, it appears, has done so well in it that he has retired and is now enjoying the results of his many years perseverance and industry. The quality of the brew known as Dutton's is too well known in this district and up the rivers to need comment — Mr. Clark's brew is equally good, and we are glad to learn that the change of ownership has neither lessened the quality nor the quantity produced. Ma- chinery of every description is at hand for turning out his various drinks in style and quality second to none in the colony, and there will be no need for travelling out of the district to procure a first-class article. The proximity of the brewery to the chief river port is also an advantage to steamers and owners of stations up the river, and we are not surprised that there is a great consump- tion of the popular Goolwa brew many miles away. Goolwa Coach Factory — Mr. J. G. Bar ton has recently made several large additions to his wheelwright aid coachbuilding es tablishment at G'K)lwa, and, notwithstanding times have been dull with most people lately, has found his business increasing to a most gratifying extent. We have pleasure in thus noticing this, because every new branch of business opened out in a district adds to its importance and prosperity. Mr. Barton is now possessed of machinery and conveniences for turning out entire any and every descrip tion of coach or conveyance work, and there fore the success of his business must be a matter of interest to all in and around the district. The Tllu-trated Papers for the current month'&re; to hand. The JSkstcIier has some excellent engravings, amongst them being two pictures of the beautiful Waterfall Gully near Adelaide, and several] Exhibition views. The Adelaide News has a host of Sotrh Australian pictures, .and is a very pleasing number. J/'rearsoh.s Weekly is still to the front, and gives some good pictures. Punch now has the c im'c fi:ld all to itself, Lantern and Port mian being no where. Echdnga Ikstitdte — The foundation stone of this Institute will be laid on Monday af ternoon next by Hi1. Goyder, and the cere mony wi.l be followed by a public tea, which will take place in the schoolroom. An Enter tainment will succeed this in the saute place, when' Mr. W. Towasend, M. P., will deliver his popular lecture on *' Lights aud Shadows of London Life, ' aud vario&s; musical selec tions will be given. Stiuthalbvn Farmer's Association. — Tbe usual monthly meeting was held on Monday evening last, at Hooper's Hotel, the Presi dent, Mr M. Rankine, J.P., in the chair. A pap-r was lead by one of the members — the suhj c being as to the advisability of the Stale iuniting the acquisition of large land estates. Tbe reader argued that some res triction shou'd be placed on the acquirement of large landed estates; and that wilhtn certain limits small holdings should be encouraged ; that it is a sound proposition that the Sate should use such restriction; that this shou'd ba enforced by a progressive land tax. These points were t^upported by argume' t and instances showing weakening iff- ct of large land holdings, and the opposite effect of a large proprietary population. The subj ;ct was then debated and a proposition cairied' affirming ibe reader's views. Other ? miifei'S were touched upon, and a resolution was passed affirming the desirability-' of a market for the sale of produce being established in Stra'halbyn— tbe details to be further c ns'dered at tbe next meeting. Institute at VVoodsujk. — A public ireeting was held in tbe library of tbe Institute Wood side, on Thursday, November 18, to consider the advisableness of erecting an institute hall in that township. There was a large attendance of influential residents, and Mr. R. Caldwell occupied the chair. It was proposed by Mr James Johnston, seconded by tbe Rev. J. Mc Bean, and carried — '* That it is desirable to erreet an institute hall at Woodside. * After some discussion as to site, siz j, aud character of the proposed building, it was resolved on the motion of Mr. Hutchens. seconded by Mr. A. Johnston, that Dr. Esau, J. Fentori, and T. Hutcbens be a building committee, to report to a meeting to be held in a month from date on the site, cost, and description of building most suitable for an institute. It was also res lived, on the m«tion of the Rer. J. Mc Bean, seconded by Dr. Esau, that no steps be taken towards commancng the building until £250 had been subscribed. A committee was appointed to canvass for subscriptions, con bieting of Messrs. J. and A. G. John-ton, R. Caidwetl, Dr. Esau, F. Q. Lauxarbaeh. W; Tucker, B. Phelan, C. Kqmaickjgi/W.. Elem schmidt, A. A. Wicksteed (secretary) , T. Hutchens, J. Fenton, R. Hunter,, and JP. Bleese-% with power to add to tkeir number ; to report in four weeks. A subscription list was placed before the meeting and £124 6 s. was promised, Messrs: '. Johnston, liberally heading it with £ 50. Thejinstitute has nearly doubled the number of its members in six months, and at present rents commodious readirip-rooms and a library iuihe main street. Advertiser. 