THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1879. There is often the risk of doing an injustice to an individual in asserting a principle, and re- peatedly the two are so closely mixed up that the public man and public writer feels at a loss how to conduct himself, lest in the one case he might become an unintentional party to a wrong, in the other case shrink from adopting a course which duty demands. In some such dilemma is he _ placed who would on public grounds deal with the fate of a petition pre- sented last week in name of Mr. Alfred Nicholas, of Launceston, to both Houses of Parliament and received by the Legislative Council, while in the Assembly an objection taken to its reception was sustained by the Speaker. These conflicting results excite inquiry and discussion, and tho difficulty arises of conducting such discussion without appearing to endorse statements on the one sido or the other, on which it would be very improper to ex Íiress any opinion, especially na one of the parties íolds that the .matter in disputo is still nub jiulice. Under the circumstances ¡is detailed in the petition, wo think it quite possible to deal with the Parliamentary aspect of the case, without, in any way, prejudging, or even touching on the disputed points, except in so far as it ia necessary to mention that there is something on which the parties entertain vory conflicting views. Mr. Alfred Nicholas has been most persistent in bringing accusations against a gen- tleman than whom none stands higher in public estimation. In seeking to give his accusations a practical effect, Mr. Nicholas has applied to the Police Magistrate, Launceston, to issue certain process, which, he complains, the Magistrate has failed to do, and purposely refuses to take any action in the matter of Mr. Nicholas' com- plaint. On this branch of the case, as on that regarding the charge itself, it is not necessary that we should express any opinion. The petition alleges that the charge having been gone partially into.the inquiry was stopped,and timt on the appli- cation for having it renewed being made, the Magistrate refused to issue a summons, or sub- poenas for witnesses, and not only negatively ob- structed what Mr. NiCHOLASconsideredthe course of justice, but in doingso insulted Mr. Nicholas, and in open Court applied to him grossly offensive epithets, and otherwise so conducted himself that Mr. Nicholas complains of a gross denial of justico, adding that he has appealed to the Government through the Attorney-General for an enquiry, but equally without success, the Attorney-General having distinctly refused to interfere. So far we have simply presented a narrative of the cir- cumstances. The nature of the asked-for in- quiry is not before tho public in dealing with the petition ; nor, becauso complaint is made against the Magistrate, does it follow that in his " masterly inactivity" lie is any more to blame than is the Attorney- General, or the Attor- ney-General moro to blame than the Magis- trate. But with the presentation of the petition to Parliament the matter enters on altogether a different phase, and where wo find so decided action on the part of the Sfkakbk in ruling that the petition was not of a charactor fitting it for presentation to tho Assembly, we could wish that we could have accepted without hesitation the ruling of the Speaker, or that he hod been less vague and indefinite in stating his ground of action. Wo do not intend to follow the line of con ductso common with some of the Ministerial sup- porters who so greedily court popularity. There is a tempting field for running wild on that " right of petition" which is so often, and bo proudly, spoken of as an Englishman's birthright. Wo content ourselves with saying that tho recep- tion of a petition should not be refused on light grounds-that the objection should be grave and palpable ; and it is because we fail to Bee room for such an opinion of the petition of Mr. Nicholas that we think the action of the Legisla- tive Council was the more constitutional course. We have nothing to say against what Todd lays down as the public safeguard against improper petitions. But we may bo allowed to question the applicability of Todd's remarks to the peti- tion of Mr. Nicholas, especially as the Speaker has not afforded us the means of knowing in what he found the objectionable matter. But whether the Speaker was right or wrong, we must, protest on behalf of the liberty of the people against the extraordinary doctrine of the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Reibey, which, as propounded by him on Thursday last, only requires that a man be of some position and standing, and have a friend in Parliament, to be able to do any act of wrong and oppression, and in tho caso of a Magistrate to refuse justice with impunity. Wo aro prepared to render all due respect to those in authority, but we cannot carry out deforonco for thom so far as to assent to Mr. Reibet'» proposition, that a man hold- ing a certain status and position may defy public opinion, and be irresponsible for his acts, forthat would virtually be tho offect of the immunity Mr. Reibey claimed when ho asked the ruling of the Speaker, " Whether a petition ought to be presented to the Houso, rofiocting upon the position and charactor of a public man in this Colony, without having previously nn opportunity of protecting himself." Mr. Reibey " thought it would form a dangerous precedent." There is a tempting field hore for pointing ' a moral as to Mr. Reibet'» inconsistency. Wo shall presume that Mr. Reibey believed that the petition reflected on Mr. Mason's character, and that on purely public grounds he felt called on to protect him. But has not this same Mr. Reibey sought to ruin the public and professional characters of the Judges of the Supremo Court without having previously a'dbrded them the opportunity of protecting themselves against his false charges ? Has he not within the past week attached his signature along with equally reliable accusers, Mr. Cbowthek and Mr. Meredith, to a docu- ment transmitted to the Governor, making such charges against somo public man of so vue a character that Mr. Meredith said he " had sworn to the living God to put a cap on that man'B head, and it is contained in that doou ment?" Was previous opportunity given the gentleman attacked to protect himself] And yet Mr. Meredith, a co-signatory with Mr. Reibet, asks to have tho paper placed beforo Parliament to gratify _ a mean and dastardly spirit of revongo against one who, except differing from him on public grounds, has never done him wrong. And this Mr. Meredith, not ashamed to own motives for conduct that could bo only palliated in man in his savage nature, is to bo permitted to take his place on the seat of justico as a paid magis- trate of tho Colony. It íb an outrage on decency, Nor much moro seemly is it that two persons capable of associating themselves with Mr, Meredith in trying to effect the ruin of a political opponent-for, judging from what Mr. Meredith said, such only could have been their object-should bo permitted free acoeas to the representative of the Queen as His Excel- lency h responsible advisers. With such facts before ub we dare not believe that Mr. Reibey was actuated by a sense of Sublic duty in objecting to the reception of Mr. íicholas' petition. Wo leavo his motives to himself. We have only to deal with his alarm- ing doctrino that no man is to bo allowed to petition Parliament if, in stating his wrongs, he necessarily reflects on tho position and character of a public man. We have seen the petition, and not an aljusion is made that can be objected to as of a private nature, and when Mr. Reibet speaks of the character of a public man, we presumo ho moans the official character. His argument, therefore, amounts to this-that the lachen, the errors, or worse, of public officials are sacred from the in- quiring eye of Parliament ; and in the présent case that is the application of the position the Colonial Secretary took up. A magistrate in the pay of tho Colony is charged-rightly or wrongly is immaterial to our coso- with having so exercised the discretion of his office as to have done injustice ; and when the supposed sufferer seeks redress from tho highest Court of Appeal in the Colony, ho is told that tho position and character of the person into whoso conduct an inquiry is asked, affords immunity from the interference of Parliament. Thoro is no other, right of appeal, and thoroforo the door to Par- liament should not bo, on slight grounds, slammed in the face of any petitioner. And here .gail) we have to illustrate our position by quoting the personal experience of the Colonial Secretary, who has the unfortunate habit of being so much influenced by what appears to him best adapted to carry out a present purpose, as to fail to reflect on what other possible consequences may arise at somo future day, or under some other contingency than that which he was flattering himself ho was astutely turning to personal, political, or official advantage. Mr. Keibev, as ono of several ox-Ministors, and, avowing their hope and expectation to be ay tin in office, clandestinely memorialised tho öEURJäi'AitY or isTAïu for the Colonies to " reduce " the Judges of the Supreme Court, and deprive them of a status generally held by one or other of the Judges of the Supreme Court in' the other Colonies; and he was somewhat roughly reminded that he and his co- memorialists had been assuming functions that properly, and only, belong to Parliament,, to whom alone are the Judges amenable for their conduct. And how could their Honors be sub- jected to the verdict of Parliament, if, in the language of Mr. Reibet, no petitiou ought to be received by Parliament reflecting upon the position and character of public men. The Judges are men of position ; are public men in so far as the exercise of their judicial functions is concerned ; and the law specially provides that any _ inquiry into their conduct can only be carried on by the agency of Parliament, and that agency can, in any probable circumstances, only be set in motion by petition. If in the case of the Judges of the Supreme Court, surely much more so in the case of a police magistrate, "the last edition of Todd," notwithstanding. Did the matter only concern Mr. Alfhed Nicholas we should havo hardly considered our interference necessary. He has the credit of unrelenting per- tinacity, and of being able to take care of himself. But the people are concerned ; their liberty of petition is endangered ; a principle is at stake ; and on these grounds we challenge the doctrine laid down by Mr. Reibet, as we do the ruling of the Speaker, which, we are prepared to believe, was the result of a hasty reading of the petition, and of misunderstanding some objec- tionable language as having been used by the petitioner, instead of, as it was, a quotation. Parliamekt.-This week will, it is expected, see the lost of the session. On the Council notice paper for to-day there are four orders of the day, namely, the further consideration in committee of the Justices Disqualifications Removal Bill, and the second reading of the Rates Recovery, Mineral Lands Amendment, and Public Works Provision Bills. In the Assembly the first order of the day is the consideration of the Treasurer's motion for the purchase of the Main Line Railway. If this is pro- ceeded with, there will be a long debate, for the question is of national interest. The other business on the paper is unimportant. Political.-The Executive Council sat yesterday at the usual hour and discussed many matters of a routine character, as well as those connected with the termination of the present session of Parliament. The adjournment is expected to take place on Wed- nesday, the prorogation following in due course. It is hoped that the Mineral Leases Bill will be passed by the Legislative Council to-day, so that it may be included in the measures of the session. The Appropriation Bills have received the Royal Assent, and the paupers allowances, civil servants' salaries, and other items have been paid. The Stone Pension Bill was under the consideration of the Attorney-General yesterday, with whom' long interviews were held by the rev. gentleman and Mr. Bussell Young. The Mail Steamer.-In connection with all our contemporaries, we fell into an error yesterday re- garding the information received from South Aus- tralia respecting the mail. The memo, was to the effect that the R. M. S._ Assam sailed from Glenelg on Saturday night at nine o'clock. The Assam is the outgoing steamer, and left for Galle. The in- coming steamer, the Tanjore, we learnt yesterday morning, sailed from Adelaide or Glenelg for Mel- bourne on Sunday afternoon at twenty minutes past two, so that Bhe cannot reach Melbourne till to-day. There is a possibility of the mails being delivered in Hobart Town to-morrow night, but, at all events, we shall have them oa Thursday morning. Educational.-The result of tho examination for two Exhibitions of the Council' of Education was declared at the Public Buildings yesterday, when the successful candidates were found to be Masters H. C. Davenport and G. E. demons. The exami- nation of candidates for the Board of Education Exhibitions will be commenced at Launceston and Hobart Town to-day, that in the city being held at the Court House, Macqtiarie-street, and beginning at nine o'clock a.m. _ We learn that the result ef the Melbourne Matriculation Examination will not be declared in Melbourne until Juno 30. City Council.-Now that tho winter has fnlly set in the Public Works Committee have enough to do. The prevailing state of mire and water fills their hands with prayerful appeals from mud bespattered citizens for relief. No fewer than nine of these petitions were before the Council yeBterday, and one letter on the Bame subject. Some of the applications were granted in prospective, either partially or entire, and others were refused for want of funds. The Town Hall Committee declined to reduce the rent of the hallin favour of the Orchestral Union, on the grounds of the recent revision and approval of the present scale of charges, and the expense just incurred in furnishing the hall. The Market Committee obtained permission to call for tenders for additions to the Fish Market, which wera said to bo urgently required. The Waterworks Committee wcro authorised to lay down water mains to the jetty and th* Dunn-street pier. A sum of £70, retiring allowance, was granted to ex-constable Lennon, who had been twenty-one years iu the force. Various items of routine or unimportant business were dealt with. During the meeting, which was attended by every member of the Council, Mr. A. K. Smith, ex-mayor of Melbourno, occupied a seat beside the Mayor. The "Alice Hospital,"-A memorial, Bingularly in keeping with the benevolent and affectionate character of the late Princess Alice, is being raised to perpetuate her name, which has been one so muoh endeared to the English people. The Alice Memorial Fund is intended te be devoted to the extension and support of an institution in Darmstadt, which bean the name of her late Royal Highness as having been founded by her, and in which, up to the time of her death, she continued to take a great and practical interest. This institution is the "Alice Hospital," at Darmstadt, to which is ' attached a training school for nurses. After pro- viding for the hospital as a memorial, the com- mittee of the fund would devote any remain- ing sum to the orphanages of Darmstadt, in which the Princess Alice also took much interest. The fund will bo administered under the Presidency of H.R.H. the Grand Duke, and the project of raising such a fund has received the gracious approval of Her Majesty the Queen. The names of the committee and trustees of the fund number Borne notable and titled men. His Excellency the Governor received by the last mail a letter and circulan in connection with the fund, and inviting subscriptions in the colony. His Excellency transmitted the papers to the Mayor, by whom they were brought before the City Council at the meeting of that body yesterday. City Police Court.-Yesterday morning, before the Mayor (Mr. W. H. Burgess) and Alderman Harcourt, one female drunkard was dealt with in the usual manner. Joseph Dale and Patrick O'Brien, two young men, who were disturbing the peace in Melville-street, early on Sunday morning, were each fined 10s. Gd,, or in default 14 days' imprisonment. Two little boys, named William Kent and William Harold, who had been caught playing pitch and toss at Battery Point on Sunday afternoon, by Constable Purcell, were each sentenced to 48 hours' imprisonment, and John Kent, an elder brother of the tonner boy, who had incited him to resist the constable, was fined 20s. 6d. and costs, or in default one month's imprisonment. R. W. Bennett.-The prisoner Bennett, who has become notorious by his alleged fraudulent practices, left in custody, per the s.s. Tamar. yeBterday for Melbourne. Ho was in charge of Constable Perry of the Victorian police force, and ob arrival in Mel- bourne will be taken on to Horsham, the scene of his notoriety. The prisoner was Been off by a number of his friends, and seemed by his nonchalant air to treat the prosecution against him very lightly. The Richmond Accident.-From additional particulars supplied to us respecting the blasting aooident reported in yesterday's issue, we learn that the two men, Genders and Bawn, wero charging a hole with lithofraoteur, and it is sup. fiosed that after placing the lithofraoteur cap and use, they did not use sufficient ohamperlng before they commenoed to ram, and by ramming too heavily on the first layer, they probably smashed the cap in the charge, which would cause the explo- sion. Immediately alter the accident, Dr. Turner attended them, and on his recommendation, they were brought to town. From various causes delays occurred on the journey; some time was spout waiting for the steamer at Kangaroo Point, but on arrival, Mr. Taylor, of the Kangaroo, kindly used his best endeavours to return to town as soon as possible. Messrs. Grubb Bros, inform us that the men were not new at the work, having been in their employment some eight or nine months, and knowing well the dangerous character of the work, and tho great care required in prepar- ing tbe blast, it is a notable foot, however, that men employed st blasting work for any length of time eventually get thoughtless, and do not exercise that care that they oujht to do, noBSES FQif noüi^uAsii'i'on.-ira iuumumuu Annie, which loft Launceston early on Sunday morning, bound for Queensland, had on board, (says tho Chronicle) besides a general cargo of colonial produce, an entire colt and five draught mares. The colt is a very Btylish animal, with plenty of bone and muscle, and seemed, as ho paraded the wharf awaiting his turn to step on board, to bo all over a cart stallion, and ought to prove a great acquisition to northern breeders, if he lands safely. The mares are of a class much superior to anything we have Sreviously observed shipped to Queensland, and we ope the venture will pay the exporters ; throo or four, of the mare* must have coat a good round sum each here. The animals have been shipped by Mr, W. Fisher, Tasmania Tin Minino Company.-The adjourned half-yearly meeting of the Tasmania Tin Mining Company (Registered) was held in the Committee Room of the Town Hall, last evening. At half-post seven o'clock, seven shareholders being present, Mr. Lucas proposed that Mr. Green take the chair. The motion was seconded by Mr. Ferguson. The quarter of an hour's grace prescribed in the articles of agreement havingexpired, the chairmandeclared that the meeting had lapsed, and left the room. A number of shareholders then entering, several of whom had been waiting outside the loom, Mr. Groen also returned »ml ayim took the chair Tu reply to Mr. Launs ii mho uhuilul thal no instructions weie given at tlio last meeting that the sum of monoy objected to in tlio accounts Bhould bo refunded by the directors. Mr. C. Davies then made an explanation with respect to the bond fides of the action of the directors with regard to the four shares that were not taken up, producing the Gazette and rough minutes of the meeting in support of his remarks. After a longthy discussion, during which the correctness of the draft minuteB were questioned, and many lengthy explanations were given, a resolution was proposed, on the motion of Mr. Lucas, seconded by Mr. Allwright, "That the directors confer with the auditors to arrange the accounts in accordance with the resolution passed on the 2nd June, and that the meeting be adjourned till Wednesday, the 25th June, at 8 o'clock sharp." The show of hands was in favour of the resolution, but proxies being claimed, the further consideration of the resolution was postponed until the 25th inst. Have You Seen the Ghost ?-A veritable ghost has condescended to make ita presence known to a member of the "black art," the vicinity selected by its ghostship's manifestation being in close proxi- mity to the Roman Catholic burial-ground in Bris- bane-street. The young man who bas thus been favoured by this visitor from the supernatural regions has the reputation of being of most unim- peachable veracity, and his story must therefore bo accepted in good faith. He was engaged in the pleasant task of "house-hunting" on Saturday evening last, at about 5'30 p.m., and was making favourable progress in his inspection of the promises when his attention was arrested by the ghostly appearance of a female in an out-house, and he immediately proceeded to ascertain who the lady was. But, to his intense surprise, she had vanished, and no trace of any one in the flesh being visible, he is most positive that it must have been an appari tion, as there was no chance of any person getting away without his knowledge It was certainly a long time from the hour " when graveyards yawn, and ghosts do walk abroad," as the darkness had not long set in, but the locality was a most appro Enate one for the séance, if we may so term it, the uilding spoken of joining the graveyard, and, there fore, ali her ghostship had to do to prevent recog mtton was to give a hop, step, and a jump, and over the wall she was, and in her natural element in a iiffy-possibly, too, a swam was waiting to receive 1er FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION -We are informed that the delegates forming the Football Association held another meeting yesterday, but that nothing was done to alter the rule concerning the horizontal bar, to which so much exception has been taken. It is to be regretted that the matter has not been regarded upon a broader basis, with a desire to be in accord with Victoria, the great home of football in the colonies, instead of to take up the isolated position Tasmania will now hold. Even though, as we anticipate, the new idea is accepted, its effect will be to originate a Tasmanian code of rules, which the colony will enjoy by herself so long as her isolated position is kept up, but as soon as any intercolonial visits are projected, she will have to make a retrograde movement, and take new ground when she is called on to show her strength. To say that the Victorian code is adopted, with modifications, is absurd. Mrs Scott Siddons -A private letter from this talented actress, dated New York, May 2nd, states that she would sail for England the next day with her husband, and their private secretary, Mr James MacMahon Mrs Siddons hid just completed a farewell season of ten nights in Toronto and other Canadian cities, giving her choicest readings, and winning appreciation in money and in unstinted praise In the ten nights £900 was cleared The Toronto Daily Globe of April 4, writing of the popular appreciation of her performance says - "It is seldom that the Grand Opera House has contained as large an audience as that which was literally packed within its walls last night, to listen to Mrs Scott Siddons' readings On a stormy, disagreeable night, she did all that the most sue cosaful and best supported stars have been able to do here with everything in their favour-she packed the Grand Opera House to the doors The Toronto public are unquestionably right in their estimite of the value of lier entertainments There is an intensity of realism in every one of her nn personations that makes one forget the absence of stage accessories He forgets everything but what he then bears and Bees Ilie words ho hears speak present truths to him, and for the time nothing is counterfeit But accomplishing this much, tho fair reader goes still further, and outstrips the star and company Hie latter tell but one story, with one turning point of supreme excitement Mrs Siddons crowds half a dozen stories and their climaxes of equal realism and thrilling interest into ono short evening Then there is no mediocrity to endure The audiinue hears nothing but the most faultless clocu tion, that is tired by the genius of a race of actors Every gesture is grace itself and full of expression, while to all this is added the charms of face and form of the rarest classic beauty-a face so deli- cately mobile that every shade of thought can be read sweeping swiftly across it as readily as ono can distinguish the bands of sunlight and shadow charing each other over a summer landscipe " No wonder Mrs Siddons thought her colonial audiences and critics cold, when the inhabitants of the frozen North expand like tins beneath the sunshine of her smile, and the power of her histrionic talents She will find, however, when she returns, as no doubt she will, that her friends and admirers, in the colonies, if less demonstrative, aro as genuine in their appreciation Mrs Siddons complains of hard work, but states that her health is good Mr. MacMahon has won golden opinions overy where, and is highly valued by his " Star " Acclimatization in Queinslai>d -So much has been heard of the successful introduction of singing birds in Sydney that wo aro going to make au attempt in that direction in Queensland, (writes the Brisbane correspondent of the ¿7 M Herald) " The council of the Acclimatization Society passed a resolution appointing a committee to bring up a report A most interesting communication from ' Bush Naturalist ' was received, describing what birds ought to live, and the districts best suited for them lhe proposition is to begin on a small scale, and import the first consignment from New Zealand, taking scrupulous care not to introduce a curse rather than a blessing We have neither rabbits nor hares to vox our farmers, but the sparrows the busy house BparrowB, sent out under the impres sion that they were trio hedgo species-are fast becoming a nuisanco The sida i elma is an examplo of the mischief that may be done by thoughtless acclimatization This plant was introduced as a fibre-yielding growth that was to mako our fortunes, it has never been utilised to the value of sixpence, but it invades our gardens, ohokes our paddocks, and plays havoc with our waste spaces The Acolima tization Society, with this evil staring them in the face, morning, noon, and night, are not likely to err from lack of caution, and whatever the result of the experiment may be, an attempt is to bo made to give to Queensland such singing birds as are insect eaters, and perhaps some game birds " A Sad Fall.-The Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser writes :-" I notice in a recent telegram from Sydney, the intelligence that a man named George Richard Browne, representing himself as a lieutenant-colonel iii the army, has been committed for trial for obtaining over £200 by false pretences, The representation made by the unfor- tunate prisoner, regarding his former rank and pro- fession, is, I am informed, quite true, and it is certainly sad to hear of au officer who has served his country as Lieutenant-Colonel Brownehas done in such a deplorable condition. The following Bkotch of the prisoner's military career ia from good authority. George Richard Browne entered the 88th Connaught Rangers on the 17th June, 1851, rose to a lieutenancy in 1854, and to a captaincy in the following year, and on the 4th June, 1858, was made a Brevet-Major. Ho served in the Eastern campaign in 1854-5, aud took part in the battles of Alma and Inkermann, the siege of Sebastopol, and the famous attack on the Redan on the 18th June. In this last named struggle Lieutenant Browne was dangerously wounded, but recovered with tho loss of his arm. For tliese distinguished services ho was rewarded with a modal and clasps, whilo by the French Government he was made a Knight of the Logion of Honour, Ho afterwards served in India, and was present at tho relief of Lucknow, by Lord Clyde, and also at the taking of Kalnee, under Sir Hugh Rose, his gallant conduct on those occasions gaining him another modal. The unfortunate officer has, however, of late years fallen upon evil times, and into bad associations, and heneo probably this latest Bad stage in a career that once promised to be so eminentlv successful." Mr. Joiín Bright on Recent Events.-Mr. Bright, in addressing his constituents at Birming- ham, said that the great source of all the difficulties we have been having for the last three years was that a largo number of tho people of this country haye a great dread of Russia, not because they think Russia can touch England, either by iloots or by armies, but because they fool, or suppose, that Russia has the power of disturbing, and it may bo of overthrowing, that great Asiatic Empire which is governed from this country. Our rule in India Mr. Bright described as extravagant and oppressive, whilst the return by way of trade was paltry aiu| inadequate. Ho denounced'the' Afghan war as surpassing in falseness and dishonour anything over done by the East India Company, The present Ministry had, in his opinion, broken faith with the country, and sullied the mild reign of tho Queen by the war. _ 