ROMAN- CATHOLICl PASTORAL LETTER. '? ' \ The following is the Pastoral Letter of the Archbishop and Bishops exercising jurisdic tion in New South Wales : — 'To our dearly beloved brethren and children in Christ, the Clergy, Secular and Eegular, and the Faithful under our Jurisdiction. .„', Health and Benediction in tho Lord '' .Tfisua Ohrist. ' Having been convinced by many signs from-many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic Education are steadily increasing so as to become absolute perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics :is develop ing into absolute injustice ; we, the Arch bishops and Bishops haying jurisdiction in NewjSouth Wales, who are responsible to God 'for the souls of parents and children confided to our care^ deemed it. our duty to meet and take council together regarding the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with' regard to the education of Catholic children. ' The erection of costly Public Schools in every direction, which is continually going 1 on; the steady, systematic way in which our Denominational Schools are being weak ened and extinguished ; the treatment of , Catholics at Raridwick and the Benevolent Asylum ;; the prospect of secularist Grammar Schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst ; of a secularist High School for girls, being es . tablished in Sydney, and partially endowed by the'Gpverninent; of £1500 a year being' spent for five years on the education at Grammar Schools of boys exclusively from Public Schools; this lavish expenditure' of public money on one section of the commu nity, tt- the exclusion of others who cannot in conscience^ avail themselves of it, is, in a free community like our own, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which ; cannot be,; submitted to in silence. '* And inore than this, this expenditure, ? on^'god^ss education, this studding the colony with schools which the Church knows from, experience will, in. course of time, fill the, 'country with indifferentists, not to speak of absolute infidels; this use of . Catholic funds— of taxes paid out of Catholics pockets— for establishing a system of education throughout the land, which not ? ? merely Catholics cannot safely make use of , but wHch they firmly believe is calculated to sap^the foundations of Christianity, is an act so galling to every feeling of fair-play, that we do not see how any free man, with any spiritin him, can allow: it to pass unchall enged. ' ' ' Not merely as Bishops of the Catholic Church,, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed - justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, we emphati cally lay claim to our share of that same even-handed justice;., and.. believe it to be the duty of the Catholic body not to .rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow-colonists. We, Catholics, who represent one- third of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than our fellow tax-payers receive ; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or little less. ' . § 'Let it be borne in mind that this is distinctly a religious question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do our work in peace, and^avoid:tb.e contention of rival parties. Bufcwhen not justice alone, but the future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain position; when the question of education is in point of fact the great religi-: ous question of the day; we should be prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, were weto hold- our peace; did we not, at . the present, juncture, set forth ; the teaching, of the Church ]with great [distinctness, and point,ou^t6;yoiii,v dearljr 'beloved ? ;iwitti un mistafcablevcTeariiess, your duties as inter preted by that teaching. ?????','? ' Christ came on earth to renew the world by ^©.graces of His spirit, by His perfect law ofelife, and by the supernatural revela^ tion of His will to man. What the highest1 paganism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that H- did, in all its. fulness and perfection. The fiist chapter of St;:P^erEpistle to the Romaiis gives us an outline of the degrada tion* to which man can fall under a civilisa tion which is. based upon the passions; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, So crates,jOat6, ' ;and Cicero has proved to us how importentarfj literature and philoso phy and lntelTectual cultivation, when they set the^lves toJpuriry the spiiit'of the inner man. The hideous blot which dis . figure^ the highest morality of Rome and Athens, are as so many fingers which point to -the utter imbecility . ' bf man when he thinks to civilise; the neart, instruct the con science, and direct the will, apart from the influences of irue religion. And what the history, of the past has proved to be the case, the ?history ' oi' the present is ever more and more confirming. We find, on all sides, that ,wherf philanthropists have attempted to educate;the inner life of man by philoso phy, legislation,1 or /intellectual culture, the effect has .always - been the same. Every civilisation which 'has not' had Christianity for its basis has been- dwarfed, stunted, and deformed; and every effort, from that of the most remote paganism to that of the most modern infidelity, to deal with the conscience, the will, and. the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in the degradation of man, and in the collapse of the philosophy which corrupted, him. The reason may have been exercised, and the in-, tellect mav have, been informed ; buty aparj; which ?[ man's worth so much -depends, has neyet been educated, nor his ? powers, pas sions, and motives elevated or refined. ' ' What paganism could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christian ity into the world. What legislation cannot touch, or philosophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour came to legislate for, to purify and to ennoble, through the gifts and guid ances of the Christian dispensation. He, and he alone, was able to convert and re generate, and deal effectually with, the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that he was man's Maker. It required the power of holy Baptism, with its interior and supernatural effects; the light of faith illuminating the intellect and informing the conscience ; and the grace of the sacraments, especially of penance and the altar, together with a supernatural life of piety and prayer, to bring their united action to bear upon the world, before man could gain any adequate notion of what Christian civilization really meant, and of the effects on the entire man of Christian education. These things, it is plain, are especial gifts of God to fallen nature; they are graciously bestowed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist him in withdrawiug himself from the tyranny of passion and the thraldom of pride; away from that brutality which is produced by an enslavement to the world, the devil; and the flesh. Besides thes gifts, Christianity brought knowledge, of a perfect kind, compared with the obscurity of the past. It taught man that in comparison with the next world, this world and all its wealth and knowledge, are as dross; that heaven is bought cheaply at the price of all the present life can offer ; that man is made for God, and has to save his soul, before all things else; and whatever he lose, if he gain God, all is gained. Christianity brought into the world, also, three invalu able gifts:1 a true knowledge of God, a Divine living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of love towards God and man. '?'On these teachings, all civilization and legislation, 'all . morality , public, Bocial and private, ar^:ifounded. Without these -man falls back'into' paganism and barbarism ; his moraF nature corrupts, and he gravitates towards the condition of the savage. Whilst, on th^ other hand, with Christianity thus acting as a mo|(4 force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, the efficacy of the sacraments, and the teachings of Revel ation, man is lifted up : his reason energizes in its fullest freedom, his conscience is trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulness and ripeness which are never to be found under less favourable conditions. ' Now we are bound, both by the natural and the revealed law, to educate children in tne knowledge of God, in His love, and in His commandments. As Christians we are bound to educate them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gifts which the Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their children; and by the law of Christianity the Church is bound to see that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother; on the one hand; are obliged^ under strict obligation, thus to rear their children from the dawning of their reason : the Church is bound, on the other hand, to complete the work which the parents have begun. ?' Go '. ye therefore and teach; ' or make disciples of ' all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatever I have com manded you,' is her commission. Here the duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the necessary gifts and powers. Thus both parents and the Church inculcate the same class of teaching ; they are in perfect har mony; the education of the child at its mother's knee is not undone in the Christian schools, but developed and completed. Through the whole period the graces and influences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of the Christian child ; the heart,, the conscience, and the will, are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, the complete per sonality becomes saturated by a civilisation, oi ; which Christianity alone can be the origin. ' Thus it is self-evident that education without Christianity is impossible ; you may call it instruction, filling the mind with a certain quantity of secular knowledge, but you cannot dignify it with the name educa tion; for' religion is an essential part of education; and to divorce religion or Chris tianity from education is to return to pagan ism, and to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that method- of teaching in which the religious element is divorced from the secular. She knows that the instruction is not education, and that a system of national training from which Christianity is banished, is a system of practical paganism, which leads to cor ruption of morals and loss of faith, to national effeminacy and to national dis honour. ' It is not, therefore, surprising that Pope Pius IX. should have issued the following weighty, instruction, which our Catholic people and our Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder ori. In it they will find no new doctrine, but the old teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles of religion. ' The greatest injury is inflicted on society,' says the Supreme Pontiff, 'when the directing and salutary power of the Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which the happiness of the Church and of the common wealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and prpinbte and direct the true, and useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life his last end. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of natural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by- the spirit of error and untruth ; and education which, without the aid of Christian doc trine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs : the mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its own wicked pas sions and wild conceits, and which will be- a souroe of greatest misfortune to the common wealth and their own families. Who does not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into primary schools ? for it is these schools above all, that the children of the people ought to be . carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy re ligion, and to' be ? trained with diligence to piety, good morals, religion, and civilisation. In such schools religious teaching ought to have- so leading a place in all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever else the children may learn should appear sub sidiary to it. The young, therefore, are exposed to the greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools are established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to lead them to piety and Christian morality, they have justly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other educational insti tutions all the care, solicitude, and vigilance of the Church. The design of withdrawing primary schools from the control of the Church, and the exertions made to carry this design into effect are therefore inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her, and by the desire of extinguishing among the people the divine light of our holy faith. Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdi cate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her divine Author, and to be false to the charge she has received from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and in whatever country this pernicious design of removing the schools from ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, tliere the Church would be in duty bound not only to use her best efforts, and to employ eveiy means to se cure for them the necessary Christian educa tion and instruction, but moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.'* 'Wherever the question of Secularists' schools has arisen, the Bishops of the Church have preached the same doctrine, and have urged upon the people the same truths with the same warnings. How the Bishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod and out of Synod, again and again, is known to all of you. The English hierarchy has more than once considered it its duty to address the Catholic people of England to the same ef fect.. In one of their recent joint pastoral letters they said : ' We have already de clared that education without Christianity is impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular and religious elements of educa tion are inseparable ; that education is es sentially religious, and therefore that where religion is excluded there is no education. Hold fast by the old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion may give instruction, but education they cannot give ; they cannot educate a people. Let it be called national instruction, but, in the name of Christianity, let it not be called education. Not only is education without religion impossible, but instruction without religion is instruction without morality. A people to whom morality is not taught can not be moral ; but Christian morals cannot be taught without religion; for what is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and our neighbour,? And how is it possible to teach this law of duty without a knqwledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist? But to know this— unless men are going to reduce a Christian people to the level of Deists — Christianity must be taught in our schools. Christian morality cannot be taught without the knowledge of Ohrist, and that again, by necessity, involves the knowledge of His history, His teaching, His commandments, His incarnation, His divine personality. And what is this but dogma? for religion without dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever school, then, religion is not taught, the heart, the conscience,' and the 'will of children, are not educated for the duties and conflicts of life. What can be. jaore false, what, more fatal- to men, to families, and to States, than to call this edu cation'?-!,-- ,/\ ?''?',?/?;? . ; .?'.???. .???,?;' . ?' ';????? ,';. ' Such, then, being the emphatic teaching of the Catholic Church, we; the Archbishop and Bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, ' condemn the principle on that principle 4 We. condemn them, first,j because they contravene the first principle's -of the Christian religion ; and secondly, because they are seed-plots of future immorality^ infidelity, and lawless ness, being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the. political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy, to do all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not ? Letter addressed by Pope Pius IX. to the Archbishop of Freiburg, July 4, 1864. . \+ Given, April 21, 1871. Signed by the Archbisbop of Westminister and his twelve Suffragans. X See ap pendix. ^— — -—— — ? — ? - ? - - . . . . . ? . rest till each member of their congregation fully realizes the true position of affairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calamity of their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion or to the State than to upset, by constitutional means, a system -which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promise to be a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents, who through a spirit of indifference or worldli ness, are exposing their children to proxi mate danger of pervision and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of the Almighty God; and that they are jeopardizing the faith, morality, the eternal happiness of those who are too young to help themselves, and who have been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they, are gravely responsible if they give encourage ment to such schools, for, by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and. are standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember what their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them not show themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood — flesh which was freely wounded, and blood whichwas- freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. 'We are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair play exists in the com munity at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow electors, and their representatives in Parlia ment these two facts, first, that Catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they consider an evil to the country ; and, secondly, that whilst they are thus made to pay, no equal pro vision has been made for them; let the country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sense of common, even-handed justice will assist us in working out a remedy. Would Secularists hold their peace, if with out equal provision being made for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary schools, whilst £7500 were spent on the training of boys, exclusive from Catholic institutions ?^ Would they not hold that ' they were being treated with, extraordinary injustice and unfairness? And would not ' the whole world agree with them ? 'It will be urged -that the State leaves - religion to parents and priests, and lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. 'True, the _ State does not, and cannot, claim a commission to educate. It is the bounden duty of the State to protect, not to usurp, the moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers and mothers are required by. the natural and Divine law to give their chil dren a Christian education. The State has no power or commission to usurp the parental rights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending their children to schools where an alien religion or no re ligion is taught. To do so would be to in dulge in the most cruel form of religious persecution. The State. has no rights higher or more sacred than those of parents. Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwart the rights and duties of parents ; its commission is to see that those rights are' not invaded, and that those duties are performed. The Catholic Ohnrch condemns godless schools and Secularist education because they are solvents of Christianity, and tend towards depriving Christian children of a priceless treasure. And no vinan can be a sound Catholic and support that which the Ohurrh condemns. 'i'he State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the Secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But, in .matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church ? Does not the Church know her own true interests best ? Has not she had experience of centuaries, in point of time; and all over the world, in point- of ' space ? Are not her professed opponents on the side of secularist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side?' And to come to facts, has the. secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and developed a Christian spirit ? Has not the Catholic episcopate, in various quarters of the world, found that. its -direct tendency is to quench such a spirit P. '?: What is our own experience, and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony? To their shame, it must be. said, some of our people do send their children to Public Schools. What is the deliberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to such children ? That there is a marked difference between ): them and children who hah been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly en- - feebled, not to allude to their morality^ their manners are rough and irreverent * they ?have little sense of respect and gentleness, they have no attraction for prayer or for the Sacraments ; and promise to swell a class which is already far too large in nnmber. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings. i ' If in any country in the world signs 'are being held out on every side of the necessity of an especial school of self-control, rever ence, piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. If in any country Catholic children require a strong Catholic educationy it is here. At home the ancient traditions and monuments of piety and reverence, a large staf£_ of clergy, a Catholic, .public opinion, with many other external ? helps, assist in the training up of the. young* in a Christian spirit ; but here, where' all is new, the clergy few, the population small and scattered, and the external helps wanting* it - is most difficult, with the best efforts of the best Catholic training, .to rear up the) ohil-''1 dren to Christian piety, and with thorough Catholic instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Christianity out of the schools, and to confine it to a Sunday catechism-class, under such circumstances as these. '?' 'The only fair chance for Catholic chil dren turning out Catholic men and women in this colony is for them to be most care fully and conscientiously taught their reli gion by their parents from their earliest years; and then for them to be sent to thorough Catholic schools, where the home teaching is continued, and the mind and, heart and conscience and senses of the chil dren are impregnated with Catholic instincts, and moulded upon Catholic truth. ' It may be interjected that some'Catholics do not disapprove of Public Schools, for a certain number of Catholic children are going to them. We reply, because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what i^ wrong, and teach vhem what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn secu larist education ; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion as we are inclined to fear the Catholics are beginning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness and infidelity. The Church is not ruled or guided by the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indifferent, or ignorant Catholics, but by the successor of St. Peter and the Bishops of the Church who are in com munion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe; to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make shipwreck of the faith. ' What, then, are. our practical recom mendations? 1. — First, let all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsiblity in the sight of God with re gard to the Catholic education of their children; Let parents, from their children's earlieist^yjears, teach them to pray; and, until t&ey; are fit for school, exercise them in Catholic! practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts; and foster within them Catholic'; instincts, and, by example as well as word, r:vsysteniatically mould them to piety^'&ith;,. purity, love, and reverance. Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these duties as matter for confes sion, and -as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. ... ? c: II. — Secondly, let parents send their children, when' of fit age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places for their children, who have to learn, before everything else, to save their souls ; and who should be sedu lously prepared, by breathing a Catholic^ atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclu sively .Catholic training, for encountering the perils of the world into which they will eventually be thrown. . ' III.— Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance* the teachings of the Catholic Church ; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things the Church is the judge, no Confessor can ab solve such parents as are willing to expose their children's souls to the blighting in fluence of an alien creed or a secularist system. 'IV. — Fourthly, let those who are so unhappy as to be sending their children at the present moment to Public schools, with draw them as soon as possible. Let them ex amine their children's religious instincts and moral condition : and if, as is to be expected, they find faith and morals weakened, and the germs of lawlessness apparent, then let them, with great anxiety, dp all they can to redeem the tune and to remedy the evil. Let them especially prepare such children for the Sacraments, teach them to hear mass devoutly, to say iiheir morning and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to be obedient, docile, and reverential to all who are placed over them. 'V. — Fifthly, let the clergy make such instructions as these the frequent subject of their sermons- and :their private exhortations ; and let them not weary till godless and. non-Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children, and until all the Catholic children in the district are receiving a sound Catholic education. ' VI. — Sixthly, let bishops, priests, and people do all that lies in them, . if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way as possible : so as to be ? equal in secular instruction to non-Catholic schools, whilst they surpass them in the genuine education of the will, the conscience, and the senses. ' VII.— Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what they have, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pres sure in the right direction, upon their equal rights with their fellow tax-payers. ' What is the present position of affairs ? Catholics are paying for the support of schools which they can neither approve of, nor make use of, whilst no- analogous pro vision has been made for them*/ '.'We may be met .with the ..cry. of the 'religious difficulty.' We, radmit the re ligious difficulty: but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated,, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a large section of .the community. _ ? . ? . *' The 'religious difficulty' exists in Ireland, and still ', more in England. But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a large share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a lesd , and less share of , 3 ustice. ?\yphilsfc tihe , small' Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education, in evenhanded justice, we, hero, are retrograding, and are aggravating that one- sidedness and unfair. ness from which the broad spirit of a grow ing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly of even-handedness ? Why should not we walk in the broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesmen how to solve ' the religious difficulty' by the British panacea of fair play ? And how can this principle of fair play be applied ? The answer is simple. Introduce payment by results in place of the present unjust and galling system. Accord ing to this method, whilst no creed is sub sidised, each section of the community re ceives equal assistances with the other, according to ascertained results (by Govern ment inspection) ol secular teaching. Thus the common funds are made use of for what all admits to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secular sect, indeed, would be deprived of a monopoly ; but, then, a wide-spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happiness and peace throughout the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn ; nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair play and no favouring, for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated. — Is not this a broad, an intelligible platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If there be a wide spread sense of justice . in the. land, as we . firmly believe'there is— Is there not some power amongst us. that will rouse it into action ? ' We:recommend those interested in this subject to study the Intermediate Education Billfor Ireland ; the Elementary Education Act for England and Wales, with the New Code of ^Regulations ; and Sir John O'Shan assy's Bill to further amend the Law relat ing to Education. 'In matters of vital importance and com mon justice half measures generally turn out miserable and cowardly failures. If it be worth while for the Catholic body to as sert its rights at all, it is worth while for it to assert its full and entire rights. Let us all realise this fact ; and then we shall not be content till our present humiliating posi tion is exchanged for one of fairness and equality. It is a great cause which we have in hand, nothing less than keeping alive, in its integrity, in our adopted land, the reli gion of Jesus Christ, and thus far securing the salvation of souls, as well as the future greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse lemselves up to a sense of their responsi bilities ; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter; ?end never cease in their persevering, their organized importunity, until they have obtained those rights which no man refuse them without self-evident injustice. ' Dearly beloved, — 'Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, do manfully, and be strength ened (1 Cor., xvi. 13). ' Keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace ; one body, one Spirit, as you are called in one hope of your calling ; one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism ; one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in. us all.' (Ephes. iv., 8-6.) 'May the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things; that your whole spirit, and soul, and body, may be preserved blame less in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.' (Thess. v., 3.) ? .' ?' Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June, 1879, and ordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. t Roger Bede, Archbishop of Sydney. f Matthew, Bishop of Bathurst. t James, Bishop of Maitland. f William, Bishop of Goulburn. 