A CHRISTMAS MESSAGE. BY A. C., AUTHOR OF "ON THEMURRAY," "IN TWO YEARS' TIME,". &C.; CHAPTER I. IT was in the middle of February last year, late on a Saturday afternoon, that two young men tramped home to dinner, with their guns over their shoulders, after stalking wild duck since daybreak. TheyTcarried one small bird between them, which was an object of deep interest to the retriever at their heels, and they did not seem by any means dejected at having achieved so little success at so great an expense of time and toil. The drought bad broken up, but the fertile undulating downs of the Western District were still parched and brown, and the hot air bad a pungent smell of smoke in it, quite as strong as the smell of the wild peppermint blossom which they crushed under their tired feet. The hum ot a threshing-machine stole through the evening stillness from a distant farm-yard, like the hum of a bumble-bee. The sun was beginning to paint some far-away hilltops with lilac, and the dusty bush track with faintest flakes of shade. A rosy flush of ,'oleander flowers broke the dark monotony of garden foliage, which, half a mile off, indicated that haven of rest, and iced brandy and soda, towards which the faces of the pedestrians were set. A fair haven it was—a charming country-house, of that order of bush architecture which one grieves to think must pass away, while perhaps we are ourselves alive to see it golike nothing so much as a dozen or two of rustic cottages growing together, embellished with as much care as if it had been a queen's palace. All higgedly-piggedly as to roofs and gables, and windows and doors, built here of weatherboard and there of brick, with ivy on one wall and Swiss woodwork on another, French casements in one room and diamond panes in the next, the beauty and harmony and picturesqueness of the whole would have driven an artist wild; and those who were not artists, but practical people, fond of ease and comfort, of cool rooms luxuriously appointed, of leafy verandahs to smoke and flirt in, of pleasant society and good dinners, thought there was no Buch " nice place" anywhere about. It stood in the midst of smooth lawns and speckless gravel paths, with wide belts of shrubs and trees about it, as sweet an oasis in that desert of sun-parched paddock as weary eyes could wish for. Our two young sportsmen entered the garden by a side- gate, and went straight to the smoking-room, the French windows of Chichi stood wide to the shadow of a great dark pine-tree at a far comer of the house. They were late additions to a large party of guests, which, according to annual custom, had assembled under that hospitable roof as soon as shearing was over. The elder, Mr. Robert Yorke, was, or had been, a police magistrate, whom Black Wednesday had thrown upon the world a month ago—fortunately, with a little money of hia own, and no wife and children; the younger, Mr. Frank Townshend, was a neighbouring landowner, lately settled on the paternal Btation after a few years' travel—a handsome young fellow, with a large estate and plenty of brains and breeding, whose society was considered an acquisition in all well-regulated households. They disposed of their guns and game, flung themselves into long-armed wicker chairs, with great puffs and sighs of satisfaction, and watched the butler, who had followed at their heels with his tray of tumblers and bottles, drawing corks and ladling out lumps of ice, with an [ardent wistfulness that was very touching. There was no word spoken forvseveral minutes, while they drained their glasses, and smacked their lips and wiped their moustaches, and leaned^back to enjoy the delicious sensation of assuaged thirst and rested legs. Then the butler, pausing at the door, broke the silence with these words—" Mr. Yorke—sir, she's come." Evidently the announcement was unexpected and startling. "You don't say so, Wills!" Mr. Yorke exclaimed, suddenly springing up from his lounging attitude, with an air of pleased excitement. "Yes, sir. Mr. Charteris wanted her to rest in town a little while, but she insisted on coming straight home to her ma to-night. The telegram to order the buggy came just after breakfast. She's gone to her room till dinner-time, sir. All the other young ladies are out riding." When the man had left them Mr. Yorke began to fill his meerschaum, talking volubly the while. " Pretty little Nelly!" he exclaimed. " How glad I am she's back. If she's anything like what she was when she went home with her aunt to England two years ago—and she can't have begun to go off yet—there will be the devil to pay with some of you." " Not with me," said Mr. Townshend calmly, hunting for a cigarette. " Don't you boast too soon," retorted his friend. "You have never seen her. You'll be as bad as anybody in a week's time. You've no idea what a way she has of getting round a fellow—I don't care who he is." " So I have heard," said the young squatter, composedly puffing and stroking his beard. "But I flatter myself I am proof against the machinations of a flirt. I know one as soon aa I set my eyes on her, and I've never been taken in by one yet. There's nothing in this world I detest BO much." " Did I say she waB a flirt? I don't believe Bhe has an ounce of coquetry in her." " How can that be, by your own showing? No, I have heard men in Melbourne going on about her, as if there was never another woman in Australia. I know what she is by the way they talk. And I know I am not destined to swell the number of her slaves." Mr. Townshend was a fine young man and a born gentleman, who would as soon have cheated at cards as cast a slight or a slur upon a lady, if he knew it; but his own excessive popularity had made him a little autocratic in more ways than one. He had had a large experience of women, and they had as a rule been kinder than was good for him. Moreover, the Divine passion had not awakened in him yet, to humble the pride of that wellbalanced judgment which he brought to bear on all their little foibles. Mr. Yorke, too, had had a large experience of women, comprehending that special knowledge which he lacked, and now he laughed derisively. " My dear young friend," said he, taking his pipe from his mouth, and waving his hand with an air of fatherly superiority that was certainly rather irritating, " I don't mind telling you something considerable—that you'll either marry her before the" year is out, or be fit to cut your throat because you can't." And then Mr. Townshend did a very foolish thing. He was a proud young fellow, and it ruffled him to be treated like a boy, " I'll bet you£100," he answered hotly, springing up from his chair and striking a table near him with his clenched hand, " that I'll never ask Miss Charteris to marry me." As soon as the words were out of his mouth he was ashamed of having uttered them. And the next moment he would cheerfully have given £100, and a great deal more, to have them unsaid. For his eye fell upon a face in the doorway, the expression of which told him that they had been heard by other ears than those of his companion, in whose honour and friendship he had safely trusted for many a long year. It was one of those dreadful children who have a knack of presenting themselves at themostuntoward times; theyoungest son of the house, who had just escaped from his tutor, and was casting about to see what mischief he could find for his idle hands to do. Mr. Townshend certainly did not go the right way to work to remedy his mistake. " What do you stand grinning there for, you young idiot!" he burst out savagely, with a white and angry face. "I'm not doing anything," whined the boy, shrinking a little from this unexpected onslaught; and then he added maliciously " THE TWO TALKED TOGETHER IN MUSING UNDERTONES, SHE LOOKING AT THE SKY, AND HE AT HER LOVELY FACE."—See page 154. " But I know Nelly wouldn't marry you if you did ask her. Mother says there was a lord wanted her when she was in England, and she wouldn't even have him," Mr. Townshend strode across the room, and dragged in that boy "by the collar of his jacket. " Look here," he said, with sharp distress in his rough words, "if everl catch you telling your sister that I said that—and I was only jolting, I did not mean it seriously —that is to say, I only meant I shouldn't presume to ask her; hang it, it's no business of yours what I meant ? You want a good hiding for coming prying about when you're not wanted, and listening to what you've no right to hear. If you ever tell her, tnind, I'll—I'll make it a caution to you, and so I tell you." " Well," said Mr. Yorke, when the two men were alone again, " I gave you credit for more sense, Frank. You might as well have told that boy to go and reportyour little speech to his sister straight off. He'd have been much more likely not to have done it." Frank Townshend said nothing. He stood by the table mechanically uncurling his cigarette. It had come home to him as suddenly as his freak of insolence and temper had arisen, that he had been speaking and acting like a snobbish schoolboy—he who had been considered almost infallible in all matters of taste and breeding—and he was ashamed and mortified to the last degree. " It is time to go and dress," he said, after a gloomy pause, as the brazen boom of a great gong began to swell through the house. And he walked off to hisroom with a, morestately step than usual. Half an hour afterwards he came slowly into the drawingroom, with the quiet self-possession of a man who knows he is welcome wherever he may go, and a rather more haughty air about him than he had worn last night when he crushed that young travelling Englishman—the son of a baronet—who appeared amongst the ladies in coloured clothes and a striped collar (under the delusion that lie was conforming to the customs of the country), by politely reminding him that the dressing-bell had rung. Two or three gentlemen were in the room and six or eight ladies, all gathered round the hearthrug, where stood the newlyarrived daughter of the house. " Here is our dear child, of whom you have heard so much," said the delighted mother, leading her forward. "ThisisMr. Townshend, Nelly, our nearest neighbour, you know, love." Mr. Townshend bowed calmly, and as he raised his head he looked at her with cold and critical eyes. Was that the notorious Nelly Charteris, with that grave and noble face—that gracious and gentle dignity of manner, which, to the experienced man of the world, indicated instantly the pure and proud and high-bred woman, whom no one would dare to flirt with ? Mr. Yorke was watching the introduction from a distance, and be knew what was happening to his self-confident young friend, who was only himself vaguely conscious of a great shock of surprise and pain. He had fallen a victim already. CHAPTER II. To fall in love at first sight—to do so, moreover, against one's determined wish and will—is not a very common occurrence, perhaps, but it does happen now and then. It is not beauty thatdoes it—the striking beauty that is patent to the world. Who can tell what it is? Something, not in one face, but in both; something not seen, but ever so dimly felt; an instinctive recognition of natural fellowship between his spirit and hers, as they look at one another out of strange and purblind eyes. So slight a thrill of sympathy that probably neither of them are aware of having felt it if, afterwards, they see each other's faces no more ; but, if otherwise, distinct enough to indicate the true birthmoment of the passion that grows up to be one flower and fruitage of their joint lives. Frank Townshend and Nelly Charteris fell in love with one another that night in this latent and unconscious way. Neither was in the least responsible or prepared for such a contingency. He was thirty-three, and she was ten years younger; both had read and travelled much, and were experienced in the ways of the world ; had enjoyed popularity and admiration, had had love affairs in plenty, had been engaged to be married, and, as the result of it all, were now disposed to regard both past and prospective sweethearts with a little weariness and suspicion. He was an utter stranger to her, she was worse than a stranger to him, for he had made up his mind to dislike and disapprove of her. It was Fate. . Or, rather, it was Nature. They were mutually attracted to begin with, no doubt, by reason of a certain beauty and distinction which in different ways they both possessed. They had opposite seats at dinner, and each stole a gravely intent look at the other when he or she was not aware of it. He had a remarkable "presence," both as to stature and bearing—that lordly air of the man born to rule and dominate, which has a more potent fascination, even with the women who feel that they ha%e themselves a vocation in that direction, than perhaps any manly r virtue. She was no longer a child—she was not even girlish; but a nobly developed woman, tall and straight, with the free step and graceful carriage of a wild creature, and the serene and stately manners of a queen_ She had a Bunny and vivacious nature, a sensitive face that changed its expression continually, yet she never lost that air of repose and strong self-possession which was so essentially regal and so peculiarly her charm. They were a surprise and a study to one another. The children came in for an hour after dinner, two little girls and a boy—the boy ; and Mr. Townshend set himself to propitiate the latter. He challenged him to a game of draughts, and allowed him to win, and he promised to get a holiday for him and take him out shooting on Monday-. The boy was immensely delighted, and the young man flattered himself thatall fear of hisindiscretion rising up in judgment against him was over. When the children were dismissed, the little girls unlocking their arms reluctantly from their sister's waist, after listening in a far corner to one of the most lovely stories they had ever heard, Mr. Townshend did— the very last thing he had intended to do. He sidled round to that far corner, before the vacant places were taken, and began to talk of the weather with much earnestness. From this topic, as every one knows, it is very easy to get on to others, especially with some people. The general company entertained themselves with much animated discussion of the alarming Eastern crisis far away, and the more alarming eccentricities of the Berry (government at home. He and she discoursed of boo^s pictures, of foreigh places and people, of things that some he's and she's never talk of together, though they may Jive under the same roof for years—questions of abstract morality, enigmas of fate, mysteries of human life and destiny, near and dear thoughts that lay close hid from the light of common day—with a growing sense of companionship and a confidence of fellow- feeling that was none of their seeking, and that they were not consciously aware of. They did not know how the time went; they looked out from their quiet corner upon the moving life and colour that filled the room, and listened to music and laughter, and consumed bread and butter and tea, without knowing what they did. The 1 | interest of their talk absorbed them. Though they were scrupulously courteous and respectful in speech and manner—though ! they only lifted the outer veils from the sanctuary of emotion and ; thought—they were at heart old friends before the time came j for bowing a formal good-night to each other. Father and mother watched the beginning of the acquaintance with furtive satisfac- i tion. They did not want to lose their child as soon as they had recovered her; but when the time did come, in the course of nature, it would be pleasant to have her living near them, the wife of a handsome, well-connected man, whom everyone looked up to, and who owned one of the finest properties in the district. ! Mr. Yorke, too, watched the tete-a-tete in the corner, and did j what in him lay to prevent anyone from disturbing it; but he was discreet and held his tongue. Even when he found himself j alone with Mr. Townshend in the smoking-room, on the verge of Sunday morning, he refrained not only from gibes but from comment, which the reader will allow was very noble of him. It did not take a week. In twenty- four hours Mr. Frank Townshend had fulfilled the predictions of his friend, and was perfectly aware of it. It was after the family high tea of Sunday, and the whole company had come out of doors to seek for a whiff of cool air in the twilight. Some roamed about the garden paths, some lay outstretched on the lawns, some sat in low chairs under the creeper-covered verandahs, and congregated in congenial groups upon thresholds and doorsteps. Amongst them Miss Charteris shone conspicuous in a soft white gown, resting herself easily in a bamboo chair under a great oleander-tree, which spread out over her head like a pink umbrella inside out, and Mr. Townshend squatted Turk-wise on the grass at her feet. Her mother had been sitting with them, but the discreet matron had retired after a decent interval. And the two talked together in musing undertones, she looking at the sky, and he at her lovely face. She was telling Him how she came to return home suddenly, against the wishes of her aunt, who had brought her out in London, and had hoped to keep her always as her own adopted child. There was no girlish naivete, either real or aff ected, in the style of the narrative, still less any trace of the careless cynicism of the hardened woman of the world. " We were driving home from church on Christmas morning. Aunt and I were going to a little party at night, and we called at a friend's house to get some flowers that had been promised us. Aunt went in, and I sat in the carriage and waited. While I was sitting, quits still and thinking, all at once I heard some one cooee from a long way off. Aunt said it was a preposterous fancy ; we were in London streets—Queen Anne's Gate—and no one about but people going home from church. But I heard it quite distinctly. I daresay it was some Australian in the park. One long musical cooee, not repeated nor yet answered— indeed, I felt the strongest impulse to answer it myself. I can't tell you what a shock it gave me. All the rest of the day I was thinking of Australia, and I could not get rid of a fancy that somebody there wanted me. In fact, I determined to start off there and then, and, as you know, I did. It was very silly, but really I couldn't help it. I am not in the least superstitious." Mr. Townshend was not superstitious either; but it flashed across him that on that very day, at 10 o'clock in the evening, he had been telling his friend Yorke how he had cooeed once from the window of an hotel in Paris to a friend who had an apartment on the other side of the street, and how no less than seven Australian strangers had called on him in consequence; and Mr. Yorke had been telling him how he once cooeed into the night, from the top of the old Buffalo, to a woman whom he loved in England, and had heard long afterwards that at that hour she had been married to another man ; and then he remembered that they had both cooeed over the sea (they were spending Christmas in Tasmania), each to the unknown mate whom destiny had selected for him, whoever and wherever she might be. They were smoking and drinking coffee after a convivial Christmas dinner, and were in the mood for nonsense. Still it was a strange coincidence, and some day he would tell her of it. She went on with her story. "While,I was in the carriage, looking out of the windows all round to see where that cooee could have come from, Aunt returned, and a servant with her carrying a little box of flowers. As soon as we drove off, and before I could tell her what I bad heard, she put a bouquet into my hand, which some one—the husband of our friend—had specially prepared for me. It was a lovely bouquet, and it had a scent about it that was like the scent of that violet of William Story's— " Yes," said Mr. Townshend softly, " I know"— " ' Oil faint, delicious, spring- time violet, Thine odour, like a key, Turns Noiselessly in memory's wards—to let A thought of sorrow free.'" " It was not a thought of sorrow, though something like it, for it made me cry ; but thoughts of my home and people, and my dear country that I had deserted—a whole rush of memories that, coming just at that moment, quite overpowered me. What do you think it was ?" she asked, looking down into his face with almost tragic earnestness. "I don't know. What?" " A little sprig of silver wattle. It was set just in the middle, with lovely ferns and hothouse flowers round it—indeed, it was a hothouse flower itself for once in its life. Mr. Kingscote had begged it out of a ducal conservatory, I believe, on purpose for me. I had never seen it since I left here." " And that was like another ' cooee' to you, I suppose ?" •" Yes. It seemed a message to me to come home. I wore it that night, and have kept it ever Bince. I feel that it represents piy fate somehQW, and that it would be unlucky to destroy it. From the moment that I got it I began my preparations for a start, and I was able to sail directly, as it happened. How queer it all is!" she said, breaking off with a laugh. " A cooee that I fancied I heard, and the smell of a bit of wattle ; but for that I should have been in Rome at this moment, probably, instead of sittiug here." Mr. Townshend was looking at her strangely, and thinking the wildest thoughts. " I believe," he said at last, " that some one in Australia did cooee for you that Christmas day." "The person who did so had to cooee in the middle of the night, then," she replied lightly, " No, not in the middle of the night—it was about 10 o'clock." In the deepening dusk—beginning now to be faintly illuminated with summer moonshine—he saw that her attention was arrested by that latent significance in bis tone and manner which he had tried to keep back, and that she was a little disturbed and startled. "What nonsense," she said, with a laugh, and yetinagentle tone. " You are as bad as the spiritists. By the way, I wonder where those children are gone off to. I promised to tell them a story before they went to bed." And she rose from her chair, and glided away in her white gown, leaving him fully awakened to the tremendous consciousness that he had met his Fate at last. But this idyllic evening had a most disastrous end. At 9 o'clock the moon was eclipsed, to help the sense of abnormal gloom that at that hour seemed, to the prosperous young squatter, to have suddenly overtaken him and all the world. It hung low over the dim shrubberies, like a dark fat face with a little white skull-cap on, and all the tender radiance had burned down, like a dying lamp, into a strange darkness that was not at all like the ordinary darkness of a crescent moon. In this weird twilight shone a few pale, lost-looking stars. Plovers were crying in the distant paddocks, the birds in the garden were awake and restless. There was aii uncanny feeling—a sense of misfortune—in the very air. Yesterday had come the tidings that the Russians had gone to Constantinople, and that the English fleet had entered the Dardanelles; the men were all talking of the wholesale catastrophe that the morrow's telegrams might have to tell in hushed tones of despondency. All but Frank Townshend, who had withdrawn himself from the rest, and he leaned on a gate with folded arms, thinking bitterly of his new-found love already lost—how she had swept by him just now with a rigid, beautiful, scornful face, in which he had clearly read her knowledge of the fact that he had betted another man £100 that he would never ask her to be his wife. CHAPTER III. The next morning Miss Charteris came to breakfast rather late, looking very stately as she moved through the room to her seat. She exchanged friendly greetings with the guests as she passed them, but took such infinitesimal notice of Mr. Townshend that he would rather she had taken none at all, though it was he who rose to place her chair for her. After breakfast she retired somewhere with her mother; she bad to unpack, she said. Mr. Townshend loafed about restlessly, breathing savage anathemas to himself upon that wretched boy who had betrayed him, until the long forenoon was over and the gong sounded for lunch. At lunch he met her again, and, urging himself upon her notice indiscreetly, she snubbed him in such a pointed manner that Mr. Yorke noticed it, and became aware of what had happened. In the afternoon there was a tennis match, and, instead of playing in it or looking on, she went to her room to write her English letters. At 5 o'clock the whole party went out riding and driving, and Miss Charteris joined three other ladies in the pony carriage, and there was no getting near her. After dinner she sat in the same corner where Mr. Townshend had bad his tete-a-tete with her on Saturday night, and discoursed pleasantly with the young baronet's son (who had hurriedly supplied himself with the white tie and swallow-tails of civilisation, a sadder and a wiser man)—so pleasantly, indeed, that her deposed cavalier felt himself justified in reverting to his original opinion of her, and declaring to himself that, after all, she was a flirt, and not worth bothering after. With but slight variation, this was the daily programme foraweek. In a house full of guests it was easy to avoid the society of any particular person, and Miss Charteris ignored Mr. Townshend completely, without transgressing any conventional proprieties in so doing. But the same conditions enabled him to see much of her, to hear her and watch ber constantly, to study the beauty of her face and the noble womanliness of her ways, to gather up her thoughts from scattered talk, to learn her nature, which was of a special quality that he was specially fitted to understand; and at the week's end he had come to the conclusion that to think of her in connexion with flirting was an impossible profanation, and that "she was the fairest and sweetest woman in the wide world. On the following Monday Mr. Townshend went home to look after his own affairs for a day or two. On his return the weather was excessively hot, and Mrs. Charteris and her guests were all physically demoralised, so to speak, in consequence—lying about in cool corners, gasping on sofas in the thinnest and loosest raiment, sustaining life on salads and iced claret and water, and feeling themselves incapable of anything beyond the passive occupation of killing time. In this state of things Miss Charteris, being human, was obliged to melt a little; and when her admirer showed his anxiety to combat the general prostration, so far, at least, as the ladies were concerned, Bhe delighted him by suggesting that he might read aloud. It happened that this was one of his accomplishments, and that he not only knew how, but exactly what, to read; so for several afternoons he sat in the darkened drawingroom, with large fans swinging to and fro around him, and held forth in sonorous, rich tones, pleasantly modulated, for hours at a stretch. Some of the ladies he invariably read to sleep, but Miss Charteris never. He felt, rather than saw, that of all his auditors she was the most attentive, losing herself often in her own reveries, in dreamy abandonment to the spirit of the poem, or essay, or romance that she was listening to. but never detaching her interest from it. Sometimes she was eo absorbed that he would look up and catch her softened eyes fixed, full of thought, on his face, with an expression of enjoyment and appreciation in her listening air and attitude that refreshed bis soul—beginning to hunger for her favour—as rain would ha^fe refreshed the parched eartji outside, such moments she would recover herself with a sudden flush of colour, and a sudden stiffening of relaxed limbs and features; but she could not undo their effect on them both, which was to deepen the sense of natural sympathy between them,'whether she liked it or not. So the second week went by, and the hot season culminated on the4thof March ina terrible sultriness that was a sort of "dispensation of Providence" to the little company in the way it drove them to sink all personal matters in the common cause of suffering. " It is too cruel to ask you to read to-day," Miss Charteris said, with unwonted gentleness, when Mr. Townshend and his book appeared in the drawingroom at the usual hour. "I shall not want asking, if it gives you any pleasure," he replied, smiling, and feeling absurdly happy. And he read away until all but she had gone to sleep, and, when tea came in and woke them up, he read 011 till dinner-time; and he felt himself amply repaid when she said, " Thank you—I have enjoyed that," as she sailed out of the room before him while he held the door open for her. However, next day the weather changed. At 5 o'clock in the morning the thermometer stood at 86 in the coolest room in the house, but a lovely rain began to fall while they sat at breakfast, and before night it was almost cold. Then came pleasant cool days for awhile, when all the out-door pursuitswalks, rides, tennis matches, &c.;—were resumed ; and Miss Charteris froze up again, and became more unapproachable than ever. Three things, just at this time, combined to harden her heart against her unfortunate lover. In the first place, Mr. Yorke, on the eve of his departure from the house to enter on a new appointment in a distant colony, undertook to explain matters on behalf of the delinquent, privately, as an old and privileged family friend. Of course, he met with the usual success of a go-between when he ventures to meddle with such very delicate affairs. The mere speaking of the bet that had been made about her, irrespective of the way it was spoken of, was a fresh outrage and insult to so proud a woman—which he did not understand until it was too late ; and then he was so confounded at the enormity of the mistake be had made that he did not dare to tell his friend about it. In the second place, Mr. and Mrs. Charteris began to see in their young neighbour a suitor for their daughter's hand, and to show by slight signs, unmistakable to the interested parties, though perhaps not to the general public, that they were well-disposed to favour his pretensions, and thereby they poured oil upon the flame of her resentment in no small measure; and, lastly, Mr. Townshend himself was too much in love to hide it—too anxious for her favour to let her alone. While he was able to efface himself discreetly she did not mind showing herself complaisant, to a certain extent, for she could not help knowing that he had that in him which made life more interesting to her than it would otherwise have been; but as soon as he began definitely to assert his claim upon her notice—to obtrude the love which she never meant to recognise—then the indignity he had put upon her began to rankle afresh, all the more bitterly as she grew more clearly conscious of what it was likely to cost her. And so a new phase of intercourse set in. First, a restless pursuit of her on his side, and an obtrusive avoidance of him on hers; then daily contact, forced on her, sometimes by accident, more often by stratagem, which was something like the contact of flint and steel, resulting in mutual aggravation of all sore feelings, and at the same time in the kindling of passion on both sides. The guests began to drop off one by one, opportunities multiplied, the situation became more and more keenly tantalising to him. and painful to her, and intolerable to them both; and then the crisis came. It was on the last day of thatmonthof March, exactly six weeks from the Sunday on which he had first discovered that he loved her, and she had first known of the bet he had made that he would never ask her to be his wife. It was pouring with rain, so that nobody could go to church. The household assembled for a short service in the schoolroom at 12 o'clock, and then there was an interval of half an hour before the early dinner. Mr. Townshend took a stroll round the verandahs, remembered he had left a favourite Prayer-book lying about, returned to the schoolroom to look for it, and there found his lady-love all alone, toasting her feet on the fender, and reading her English letters, which had arrived from the township only the night before. He paused irresolutely at the door, half afraid to come in; then advanced boldly, and began to hunt for bis lost property with much ostentation. She, on her part, m^de a movement as if to rise and leave the room, but, recovering her self-possession instantly, continued to read her letters more assiduously than before, rustling the sheets as she turned them over in an apparently absorbed study of their contents. " I hope you have had good news, Miss Charteris ?" the young man presently remarked. He had found his Prayer-book, and was lingering over the operation of fitting it into his pocket, and taking wistful looks at the back of her head the while. " 0, yes, thank you," she replied coldly. "And was your aunt still going to Rome ?" " I believe so. She had made ali her arrangements." "You would have been there now, I suppose, if you had stayed with her ? Holy Week is not far off." "Most likely. I was exceedingly foolish not to stay, for I shall probably never see Rome at all now." " You would have found it rather dull this season, the Pope being just dead." As she vouchsafed no comment upon this suggestion, he added persistently, " Wouldn't you?" " I really don't see how the Pope's death would have affected me," she replied, gathering up her letters and pulling out her watch. " At any rate, it would have been pleasanter than being at home—for some things." " I know what you mean by that," he said, fencing no longer, but coming to close quarters with a rush. " Why are you so bard and cruel? No, don't go," putting his back to the door and stretching his hands towards her as she rose to leave the room. " You always want to go away as soon as I begin to speak ; but I can't bear it any longer. You must listen to me for once—I must say it-—" " Say what?" she asked, coldly, but with a flaming face, as she : drew herself up befqre him like an outraged queen. "You know what, as well as I do—that I love you—that I I want you—that I can't bear my life in this suspense—that it isn't worth having unless I can have you too." As be broke down here with a sort of deep sob, still holding out his arms as if to take her in, she turned quite white, and her mouth twitched, and her indignant eyes quailed ; but the insulted woman in her was obdurate. "Oh, no," Bhesaid, with a tremulous smile, that was half a feeble sneer, " you are mistaking your feelings, Mr. Townshend, I am sure. You quite forget the good resolution that you made before you saw me. If you are so weak as to sacrifice your principles, not to speak of your money, in a moment of temptation, I am certainly not so weak as to take advantage of it." " Oh, curse that unlucky day!" he broke out, despairingly. " Am I to be ruined for ever because of that? I know that is what you have been thinking of all along. And doesn't it ever occur to you that people make fools of themselves sometimes without knowing what they are doing? Oh, my love, forgive me— I had never seen you—I will atone for it fully if you will only give me the chance ! Will you ?" If they had had five minutes more it might have been all right; but at this fatal juncture the gong began to hum and vibrate through the house, and a child's voice to call, " Nelly, where are you?" along the passage that led to the schoolroom. In the emergency he seized her hands, and demanded eagerly, " Say yes —be quick, darling—say yes!" And she, not having time to collect herself, resenting the too familiar action and too obvious readiness to take her " Yes" for granted, snatched away her hands, and said, passionately—" No, I will not. I made a bet, too—a bet with myself—that I would never marry you, after what you said about me. And I never will." "Is that your final answer?" he inquired, with a sudden stiffening in face and voice. " It is my final answer," she replied recklessly. So that afternoon, all in the chilly autumnal rain, the unhappy young man, pleading pressing business, rode away to his own lonely house. And Miss Charteris, pleading a bad headache, shut herself up in her room and lay on her bed and cried. And each felt that the flavour of life had gone out of it. CHAPTER IV. We are all familiar with the old proverb about misfortunes—how they seldom come singly. Experience teaches us from year to year that, even in such small matters as broken crockery and torn flounces, itrarely rains ill-luck but it pours. This was the case with Frank Townshend. Hitherto he had been a prosperous man, never knowing what it was to be sick in mind or body, or to want for any pleasant thing that he was not abundantly supplied with. But being, as we are after all, pretty fairly handicapped in the great race of life, his turn to suffer came, and the tide of his fortunes began to ebb on the 31st of March, 1878, the Sunday on which Nelly Charteris refused him. He found, when he reached home, that a valuable shorthorn which he had lately imported had been taken ill, and was not likely to live. Next day the bull died, and he was £2,000 out of pocket in consequence. The day after, his favourite thoroughbred, which he had some thought of putting into training, Bprained a back sinew; and Bome greyhound puppies broke into the enclosure containing his fancy poultry, and amused themselves for two hours tearing all his prize birds to pieces. He bore these reverses with calmness, as he did the loss of his diamond breast-pin, and the destruction of a whole cask of rare Amontillado by the man who was entrusted with the bottling of it going to sleep over his work and leaving the tap turned on. But when, in the course of a few weeks, his brothers-in-law began to press for the payment of certain legacies which his late father had left as charges upon an estate already much encumbered, and his banker simultaneously reminded him that an old-standing mortgage would shortly have to be attended to, and day by day the bad times which, under the " Berry Blight," were bad for everybody, grew worse and worse for the landed proprietors, then his ill-luck took a darker aspect. There is no need to go into details, .and describe the several downward steps in his fall from prosperity to adversity ; more than .one well-to do country gentleman shared his fate at that time, and the process is being repeated still. It was only a little more rapid than usual, owing to those legacies, the amount of which had been fixed by hid father in prosperous times, when no one could have foreseen what the colony was coming to. His sisters' husbands wanted their money, which drained him of all his capital; the firm that held the mortgage was itself " hard up," and, with all the will in the world to be accommodating, was driven by its own necessities to foreclose; the banks were suffering with the rest from the prevailing depression and insecurity, and were more cautious than enterprising. And so on all round. It began to be whispered about that even the envied owner of that fine place, which old Mr. Townshend had spent 30 years in making—years of hard work, and privation, and danger, of which the whole country reaped the benefit that he and his only were begrudged—was finding it all he could do to carry on. And by and bye it was openly talked of that young Townshend's property, which in happier times he might easily have preserved to be an inheritance for his children's children, was less his own than the bank's. It looked very bad for him indeed when, just before the shearing, a part of it was advertised to be sold ; and when, at the auction, it fetched, as every one knew it would, about half the price that his father had refused for it 18 months before, nobody was surprised to hear that he was " done for." This final blow fell in the latter end of October, and the Kelly murders happening just then, his ruin was not so much talked of as it might have been. Nelly Charteris did not know of it till some time after, though her father and mother did. There had been a dropping of intercourse between them and him, partly because the pride of the young lady would not permit her to acknowledge how thoroughly—to use a vulgar phrase—she had cut off her nose to spite ber face, partly because the troubles of the young man pre-occcupied him and kept him away from balls and races and places where he might have met her, and partly because Mrs. Charteris had found a more eligible suitor for her daughter in the person of that baronet's son whose two elder brothers had lately died, leaving him heir to a title and estates, and who lingered on in the colony because he was so. desperately in love with our heroine that he could not bring himself to put the seas between them. Mrs. Charteris might have known better. She had had her own romance in her youth; she had made her own woman's sacrifice, and had learned the cost of defying nature. When she was herself a girl she had given up her true love for the Bake of a favourite sister who wanted him, and during long years four people had had to suffer for that act of immorality, which she bad fondly imagined was virtuous and Christian heroism of the highest order. And yet—so little wisdom do we learn from experience—she was now scheming to do away with that young fellow whom her child, as she knew, still loved, and to encourage her to mate herself with a good-natured, brainless noodle, because he was going to be a baronet and rich. She was thinking over her plans one afternoon, lying on a sofa in her drawingroom, and fanning herself (for it was the 13th of December and one of the hottest days of the season), when the butler opened the door and announced Mr. Townshend. " I have come to say good- bye, Mrs. Charteris," said that young man quietly, sending a quick glance round the room as he strode up to her couch. " I daresay you have heard that I have been unfortunate, and have had to part with my property. I made over everything this morning to the new man, and now I am going away to Queensland, where I have a share in some back country, to begin the world afresh." Mrs. Charteris was a kind woman, and Bhe loaded her visitor with genuine expressions of sympathy and motherly good wishes and encouragements, which he found very comforting, but at the same time she was thinking how dangerous it would be for Nelly to have any share in these parting interviews, and wondering what she could do to prevent it. He was looking much altered, thin and sunburnt, and graver and older; and there was a quiet dignity in the way he bore himself under his misfortunes which seemed to show that they had developed and ennobled him—as, indeed, they had. " I am so sorry Nelly is out," she 'said '; "she will be distressed to hear you have gone without her seeing you again. But I hope you will soon be back, with a good report of yourself. Queensland is the land of promise now-a days, everyone says." " I thought I should be sure to find Miss Charteris at home on such a hot day," he said, with a pretence at carelessness which did not deceive the mother's ear. " She ought not to have been out, of course. But Mr. Wrayburn asked her to ride with him, and she did not like to refuse. I must make him promise to take better care of her before I consent to give her into his hands altogether." Are you thinking of doing that, Mrs. Charteris?" " Well, it depends, of course. There is nothing settled yet." (To do her justice, she blushed as she thus deliberately deceived him, and did not like doing it.) He rose to go. What was there to wait for ? It was better for him not to try to see his beautiful sweetheart any more. " Tell her," he said with solemn earnestness, as he shook hands, " tell her from me that I came to know if she had forgiven me for something—she will know what—before I went away." "Shall I tell her?'' Mrs. Charteris asked herself when her visitor was gone, wiping a little moisture from her eyes, and feeling angry with her young fledgeling baronet that he was not more like this man whom she had discarded. " No, I think I had better not. It migh t unsettle her." And she didn't. Bat Nelly was duly acquainted with the fact that Mr. Townshend had been to say good-bye, and that he was going away to the wilda of Queensland, and never coming back any more. Her informant was the same dreadful boy who had done them that ill turn nearly a year ago. " And such a lark, Nelly—he hasn't two sixpences left to rub together, father says, though he used to be such a swell that nobody was good enough for him. Such a jolly come-down for him after all his cheek ! " Nelly turned round sharply and boxed that boy's ears—to his intense astonishment; then she begged his pardon, and kissed him ; then pushed him out of her room and locked the door • and then she flung herself on her knees by her bedside, and sobbed and cried like a weak-minded schoolgirl for that lover whom she would not take when she might have had him and whom she could not have now that she was ready to give up the whole world for his sake. CHAPTER V. So Christmas Day came round again. As everybody knows, it was a Christmas Day that was equally unworthy of comparison with the average British and the average colonial article, as far as weather was concerned—at any rate in that part of Victoria where the Charteris family lived. It was neither a festival of snow and holly berries, nor of sunshine and summer flowers. It rained in torrents all the previous night, spoiling the roses and the strawberries that were to have adorned the breakfast-table ; and in the morning the sky was so grey and the wind was so chill and fresh that Miss Charteris was fain to go to church in the same sealskin jacket that she had worn in London the Christmas Day before. At luncheon they sat down to eat their Iamb and green peas, and their cool fruits and salads, before a fire of blazing sheoak logs that would have put an English grate —even a Christmas grate—to shame; and towards the evening, when the fumes of roasting turkeys and brandied puddings and mince pies began to steal about the house, and preparations were set on foot for the brewing of punch and ;the firing of snapdragons, it was felt by everybody that those timehonoured institutions, so religiously clung to by the British householder, irrespective of the state of the thermometer, would be more entirely in harmony with the occasion than usual. The little girls of the house, in white frocks and blue sashes, went to their sister's room at 6 o'clock to see if she was ready for dinner. The honour of dining by lamplight with her and a dozen more grown-up people (the near friends and relations who habitually swelled the family circle at this season) was a special indulgence granted to them for the first time, which they greatly appreciated. They rushed in suddenly, fuil of life and mirth, and surprised her in a motionless attitude of dejection, leaning out of her open window, with her head resting on her hand. She was looking far away over the misty hills to a distant dark patch on the horizon, which 8lie could hardly see for tears (it was the plantation of English trees which had grown up round the house which had been Frank Townshend's a year ago); and altogether she presented a listless and spiritless appearance that the children felt to be an outrage upon Christmas Day. " 0 Nelly, you have got your dressing-gown on yet!" exclaimed little May, the eldest, in a tone of indignant remonstrance. ! " And she's crying!" whispered Gerty. in dismay and alarm. " 0 Nelly, how can you—and after all the nice presents you have had ! Why, everybody is happy on Christmas Day, always." " Not always," replied Nelly, shutting the window, and beginning to make her toilet hurriedly. " I was just thinking of some one—some people—who are all alone, with no one belonging to them ; no Christmas Day, you know, like ours— only sad things to think of—" And she broke off with a little angry sob, as she pictured her lover in his comfortless Queensland hut, all the bitterness of bis changed lot made doubly bitter by the memories that tliis anniversary would bring him. Then, seeing the wonder and alarm in the children's faces, she shook herself together with an effort, and began to talk to them as she dressed herself with a sort of hysterical animation which passed very well for the seasonable hilarity that they desired. "And how does the schoolroom look, Gerty? Did Mr. Wrayburn get the Union Jack to hang straight after all ?" " Yes, Nelly, it's lovely; and they have been putting more ilowers into the evergreens, and mother has lent them the silver candlesticks, and Wills has waxed the floor. It will be the grandest servants' party we have ever had." " Mr. Wrayburn says we must go and dance with them, because it will be such fun," put in May. " There is a man with a violin coming from the township to play." " Because they have covered the schoolroom piano with coffee cups," said Gerty. While they chattered, Nell}', putting in a question now and then, dressed herself rapidly, thinking her own thoughts the while. A white dress, like the children's, only of creamy Indian silk—the same she bad worn 12 months ago with the sprig of silver wattle—and a quantity of soft old lace about her white neck and her dimpled elbows. This was her costume to-night— too good, she said to herself, with a sigh, as she saw in the glass how lovely she looked in it, considering there would be nobody to see her. " Now, put on Mr. Wrayburn's ilowers," said May, taking up some scarlet rosebuds from the dressing-table. " You want them to brighten you up. You look quite pale to-night—like mutton fat, you know." "Thank you, May; I don't think so. And you may take the roses, with my kind regards, to cook, and tell her I sent them for her to wear at her party to-night. They will suit that brilliant blue silk of hers beautifully." What, Mr. Wray burn's roses, Nelly?" " My dear girl, Mr. Wrayburn never made them. Do as I tell you. and fetch me a bit of deutzia and a few fronds of maidenhair." She came to dinner presently, like a tall lily, all in white, smelling sweet wherever she went. She had flowers in her hair and in her bosom, and a chain of pearls round her throat. Mr. Townsliend had once told her mother—at a time when Mrs. Charteris did not fear to " unsettle" her—that she was the only woman he had ever seen whom a white costume perfectly suited, and who could wear pearls next the 6kin with impunity. Since then she had had a fancy for while dresses and for pearls, especially as her necklace happened to be an heirloom and valuable. Her general whiteness—and she was paler than she knew—was set off rather strongly by tbe richness of colour about her in the costumes of the other ladies and the decorations of the table. " Nelly reminds me of those girls who were confirmed the other day," said her precocious brother, in a pause between turkey and pudding, when he had nothing better to do than to look at her. " She reminds me," said little May, " of a bride, only without a veil on. O what a pretty bride you would be, Nelly! Wouldn't she, Mr. Wrayburn?" The young man said, " Yes, indeed," and sighed and gazed at her tenderly, whereat she metamorphosed herself into an iceberg, and her father called out sharply, " Pass the burgundy, Wrayburn." The long dinner came to an end, and the usual toasts were drunk—"The Queen" first, and "Absent Friends" last; and then there was an interval of rest and waiting while the servants finished their work and set their own entertainment going. The gentlemen, though it was Christmas Day, saw an opportunity for cigarettes as well as coffee ; the ladies (all of them, save Nelly, being married and intimately connected with each other) for one of those confidential gossips which matrons love ; and the children for fresh enterprise in the servants' hall .and schoolroom, where country maids and men were beginning to assemble from the township and stations round. Nelly, who was hot and restless, stole away to refresh herself with a little quiet ramble in the garden, and knew that for half an hour she would not be missed. The rain was over, though the night was damp and dark, and the air was still and soft, if not very warm, and sweet with the smell of new-washed earth and ilowers. The wet laurels brushed her bare arms as she paced the gravel with her skirts tucked under them; a tangle of rose boughs caught her hair, and dropped diamonds amongst her pearls, as she paused at a little gate, and leaned over it to listen to the stillness of the night. It was the Bame gate on which Mr. Townshend had leaned, what seemed now so long ago, when she had begun to revenge herself, and to make him unhappy. She did not remember that; her thoughts were busy with the talk they had had together under the oleanders, when she had told him of the coo-ee that had startled her in London, and had been the mysterious message that fetched her home. *' I believe someone in Australia did call you," he had said ; and how grave he had been ! as if he believed it. " I wonder who it was," she said aloud, with a little smile at the absurdity of the idea. " It could net have been hiniseh", since lie was probably not aware of my existence." And then she began to muse sorrowfully on the hopeless distance that now separated them from one another. If only a coo- ee could reach him—if he could hear it, and know it was she who called—would he come back to her ? Without thinking of what might be the consequences, with so many people about—obeying one of those unaccountable impulses which now and then take possession of the most reasonable beings, she lifted her face in the cool darkness, and uttered a long, clear, musical coo-ee that must have travelled at least a mile on such a night. To her intense surprise and fright she was answered immediately by someone not more than two or three hundred yards away—so immediately, indeed, that the one note took up the other without a break. It was as if her own coo-ee had been prolonged by an echo stronger than itself. She stood rooted to the spot, with distended nostrils, like a hind that has got scent of the hunter, and listened, wondering if her ears could have deceived her. It was none of the men, she knew; even a coo-ee has its individuality, and this was not one that belonged to the place. And yet she was sure she had heard it before. As she stood, like a spectre, amongst the laurels, grasping the rail of the gate, with trembling knees and a singing in her ears, she heard quick footsteps brushing over the grass, the long stride of a tall man, and presently saw his shape looming dimly in the darkness before her. "Is that you, Miss Charteris ?" came a voice, low and eager, across the paddock. She did not answer. She waited for him to come up to her, thrilling with expectation from head to foot. She knew who it was now—unless it was his ghost. As he approached the gate she held out her hands impulsively, and it was not so dark that he did not see the gesture. He reached her with a bound and seized them both, and they stood together, so closely that they could hear each other's hearts beating, with the gate between them. " Were you calling anyone?" he asked, between deep pants of breath. " Were you calling for me ?" " How did you come here? I thought you were in Queensland," she answered, in a sort of sighing whisper, feeling as if her strength was gone. " But you called, dear ; I am sure it was you. Tell me who it was you wanted ? Were you calling for me to come back ?" Her lips said " Yes," but she had no sound in her voice. However, speech was superfluous. In another moment her lover was over the gate beside her. Dancing had begun in the schoolroom. The squeal of tbe fiddle floated out upon the night, with the sound of the revellers' shuffling feet; and Mr. Wrayburn and the children were hunting high and low for Nelly. She could see their shadows on the window- blinds going from room to room; now and then she could hear a faint " Nelly, where are you ?" echoing up and down passages and verandahs : but she made no sign. She sat on a garden bench all amongst the wet laurels, curled up warm in her lover's arms, perfectly indifferent to everybody but herself and him. " And you were not gone away after all?" was her whispered reply to Gerty's loudest shout. " No ; I was looking for some lost cattle. I had found where they were, and was riding home, when I saw the lights of your house, and I dismounted to have a look at them—like Mr. Guppy, you know. I was thinking how I should like to coo-ee for you to come out to speak to me ; and wondering, if I did, whether it would have any effect." '*' Oh, how strange ! So was I." " I was just going to coo-ee, really, when I happened to remember two or three things—that I was so poor, that Wrayburn was in possession " He has never been in possession for an instant." " And at that very moment I heard you. I knew your voice, Nelly, though I never heard you coo-ee before. And, somehow, it was ' borne in on me,' as they say, that you were calling me." " I wonder if you would have heard me—heard me in spirit, I mean—if you had really been in Queensland." " I am sure I should," he answered confidently. " You heard me further off than that. Didn't I call you home from England just a year ago ? I shall always believe that it was my coo-ee that you beard in London, now." " Well, 1 shall like to think of that when you are really gone— if you must go. When must you go, Frank ?" " Never, dear, unless you should happen to have a fancy to go yourself. It is arranged now that I stay on, the other man having left, and manage my old place for the bank until I have time to turn myself round. Three hundred a year and rations—that's what I've got to offer you, Nelly." " I don't care if it's only three hundred pence. We will go and be free selectors, if you like, and I'll bake the bread and milk the cows for you." " I should like to see you at it. No, no; it will go hard if I can't do something better for you than that. I've got a thousand or two left, and the Queensland place is doing well. And, thank heaven, I've no debts," Yes, you have. You owe Mr. Yorke a hundred pounds." Don't, Nelly." " Well, he's welcome to it. Only, as we are going to be so poor, you might have been content with a smaller stake. But you men have no idea of economy!" THE END. 