TO PERSONS WHO WRITE FOR THE PRESS. (Boston Transcript) Causeur knows that he will deserve and win the thanks of managing editors if he can but im press these few simple rules upon the minds of those who write occasionally for the press : — I, Write upon one .side of the leaf only. Why ? Because it is often necessary to cut the pages into ' takes ' for the compositors, and this cannot be done when both sides are written upon. II. Write clearly and distinctly, being par ticularly careful in the matter of proper names and words from foreign languages. Why ? Be cause you have no right to ask either editor or compositor to waste his time puzzling out the results of your selfish carelessness. III. Don't write in a microscopic hand. Why '{ Because the compositor has to read it across his case, at a distance of nearly two feet. Also, be cause the editor often wants to make additions aud other changes. IV. Don't begin at the very top of the first page. Why? Because, if you have written a head for your article, the editor will probably want to change it, and if you have not — which is the better way— he must write one. Besides, he wants room in which to write his instructions to the printer as to the type to be used, where and when the proof is to be sent, etc. V. Never roll your manuscript. Why / Be cause it maddens aud exasperates every one who touches it — editor, compositor, and proof reader. VI. Be brief. Why 'I Because people do not read long stories. The number of readers which any two articles have is inversely proportioned to the square of their respective lengths. That is, a half -column article is read by four times as many people as one of double that length. VII. Have the fear of the waste basket con stantly and steadily before your eyes. Why? Because it will save you a vast amount of useless labour, to say notliing of paper and postage. VIII. Always write your full name and address plainly at the end of your letter. Why ? Be cause it will often happen that the editor will want to communicate with you, and because he needs to know the writer's name as a guarantee of good faith. If you use a pseudonym oi* initials, write your own name and address below it. It will never be divulged. IX. ' These precepts in thy memory keep,' and, for fear you might forget them, cut them out and put them where you can readily run through them when tempted to sxn'U innocent ink. ? 'Causeur's' word for it, those who heed these ulea will be beloved and favoured . in every rditorial sanctum. Highland Thieves. — Dugald M'Caul was a professed thief in the Highlands, and sometimes took young lads into his service as apprentices to the same business. With one of these hopeful youths, who had recently engaged with him, he agreed one night to proceed upon an excursion : the apprentice to steal a wether, and Dugald himself to steal kale. Ifc was also agreed that they should, after being in possession of their booty, meet in the kirk -yard, where they were pretty sure of not being molested, as it got the name of being haunted by a ghost. Dugald, as may well be supposed, arrived first at the place of rendezvous, and, sitting on a gravestone, amused himself until the apprentice should arrive with the wether. In a neighbouring farm house a crippled tailor happened to be at work, and the conversation having turned upon the story of the kirk-yard being haunted, the tailor boldly censured some young men present for not having courage to go and speak to the supposed apparition, adding that if lie had the use of his limbs he would have no hesitation in doing it him self. One of the young men, nettled at the tailor's remarks, proposed taking the tailor on his back to the kirk-yard; and, as the tailor could not well recede from what he had said, oii: they went. The moment they entered the Kirk-yard, Dugald M'Caul saw [them, and thinking it was the apprentice with a wether on his back, he said in a low tone of voice, as they approached, 'Is he fat ?' ' Whether he be fat or lean,' cried the young man, ' there he is to ye ;' and throwing down the tailor, ran off as as hard as he could. On entering the farm-house, to his utter astonish ment, he found the tailor close to his heels ; intense fear having supplied him with the long lost use of his limbs, which, it is said, he retained for ever after. 