SATIN&S; AND DOINGS ±N COLONIAL ATHENS. Bt Boukkabout. NEWS AKD NOTES. The event of the week is the prorogation of Parliament; some may regret that this has occurred, but many will rejoice that what has been a mere waste of time has reached a close. The Governor made the usual speech and. hon. members were, as usual, set free from their very arduous duties to enter on the holi day they have .so long desired. The Sydney ' Exhibition has proved altogether too much fcr any exhibition of wise' legislation this session, and we must consequently trust that the many Bills which ought to have been passed or pro perly1 discussed will recive proper attention in ?the next one. ? The election for a Mayor and three Councillors will shortly be-on, and it will be well for rate on the* rolls. Some folks are too bashful to vote, and I've heard bf a few who, though rate payers, always hang back when the poll is taken, and won't give their names. What's the use of a vote if one don't exercise it to put the best men in. P sayings. The bad gas supplied in Gawler is considered a burning shame. Those who pour Jkerosine oil on a fire are like others 'who endeavor to argue with an angry man; both stand a chance of being blown up. Gawler is getting a veritable 'deserted village uu uuiiua^B. xt* » ivojucuw ouuiuu show a little more energy — introduce races, entertainments, or amusements of any sort calculated to keep people from spending money elsewhere. Does the word libel signify a lie. Sleep is an excellent stimulent, but the worst of it some people can't tet enough of it, conse quently they are compelled to resort to stimu lants of another kind to supply the deficiency. Old men may take consolation from the fact ' that many things are not good till they're old old cheese for instance, when its properly aged it gets mitey (mighty). A jury recently at an inquest held on a man who died from over-eating, returned a verdict of 'Died of consumption;' they should have added, 'of food.' Some young men now act up to the advice of giving a kiss for a blow; one, however, who was recently struck on the head with a broom by a servant he tried to kiss, retaliated by returning evil for evil, and that servant's new hat is now quite unfit for her to go to church in. Judkins, a Gawler celebrity, known in con nection wiij}i.the 'Fruits of philosophy pam phlet,' has been sentenced to one month's im- . prisonment. All Mb friends will regret it. What do we know? What are we doing? Whither are we drifting? These questions are not easily replied to, though we find people in Gawler who know everything, and have drifted .everywhere. One of these intends offering him self for Councillor to fill one of the vacancies which will shortly occur. What is the best thing for reporters to take when they go shopping with ladies? Take notes — bank-notes of course. PLAYING THE GHOST. A ghost appeared the other night to a widow lady near Gawler, and in sepulchral tones in formed her he was 'her husband's spirit.' 'That's a lie I' was the emphatic response: iue uu&uanu; woman i lave a arop oi spent in the bottle when he died. Faix, I had none left to give the undertakers.' The ghost disappeared at once, followed by one of the dear departed boots which the widow hurled with violence at him. The missile unfortunately struck his eye, and [left so prominent a mark -that he was un able to attend to his office duties for days after. That young man has had enough of playing the ghost to last for some time. ADVERTISING. The man who advertises is the only person in the community likely to do business. It's no use biding oue's light under a bushel, no use going to church and expecting patronage be cause you put 6d. in the plate, no use trying the ' selling off' dodge because nobody believes in it. Nothing like genuine advertising. The man who don't advertise is like a fish out of water, and if anybody patronises him it's|all by chance. One of the Adelaide lawyers has a card put up in the window of his office with these words — 'The best lawyer in the city.' A rival who lives opposite has a card up with ' The best lawyer in this street ' on it. Poor Mr. Carroll has been sent to prison for/ six montns. as tnis term will be on at Christ mas they will be able to have Christmas Carols in gaol. A cart was recently capsized near Adelaide, and a man thrown out and killed On the spot. An old physician who came up and examined/ the corpse bade the people ' stand back, as the poor fellow wanted more air.' The man who inserts a matrimonial advertise ment ltl -L np.WfSlinrxckT* wrmefc l*«i«ra 4 +I»*wwv«--»1^ I^n lief in the honor of the female sex throughout all creation. One individual who advertised for a partner without incumbrance recently married a young woman with three children. It s reported that a certain young man made a wager with one of our butchers that he would ear a pound of raw beef at a sitting. Bets were laid that he would not, and half-a-pound was found sufficient for him. Probably as it was a very dry day the effect on his appetite was such as to prevent him from completing the task he had set himself. As may be expected after such dry work a little moisture was indulged in. Tn England a few years ago one of the papers had a jaragraph of a man who swallowed an ox, horns hide, and all. I could not swallow that para graph as fact, though recorded as such. SWEET PEAS. A fast youth walking in a garden near Gawler seeing the peas very plentiful, remarked they reminded him of the J.Fs. in this part being so numerous. He'll get his deserts if he ever comes before them for this pun. SINGING AND PLAYING. 'I shall play with your wife at the next concert,' remarked a musical young man to a staid Benedict. ' Not if I know it J» said the latter, ' my wife may sing if she likes, but playmg^s out of the question, especially before on audience.' * OLD SONGS. 'Mother, is the battle over,' aB the boy said to his parents when they had been fighting for two hours, and she wouldn't give in. * ?'Thou art gone from my gaze!' as the creditor remarked iwhen he beheld Mb -fetam- sailing for Melbourne. ' We met 'twas in a crowd,' as the juvenile iickpocket said to his comrade at the Sydney Exhibition. * r. '1' Molly Darling 1' as the Irishman said when he kissed the fat cook who had given him a mue of beer for carrying some coals into the cellar ' Out m the streets !' as the fast young nun oaid when ho found himself clinging to a lamp aS^debauX8611 ta ^^ the **£ ' Come where my love lies dreaming !' as the tom^ Bs?£.to mother he met on the tiles 'The White Squall l» as the man Sd' when he came home and found his baby and three other strangera left alone in a room by theT FACTS AND FANCIES. The Star of Hope to some— Hennessy's three star brandy. 1 ^6iUSt 'ceived » letter with an auto graph at the tail end of it, which looks as 5 the writer had used a streak of greased lightning dipped in an ink bottle. That signature woulf puzzle a generation of schoolmasters to make ^ ,TheyouShttoes^shawritingacademy next door to the man who sent that letter, and compel him to attend it. When a big dog is set to mind an orchard, and small boys come up to admire the fruit thev soon find they can't fool round him. They mav try for a bite at the apples, but only get a bite from the dog. 6 We've seen statistics published very, often as to tfc« quantity of fermented liquors used in the colony, but there's none printed about the un fermeated drinks used by teetotallers. A bottU of lemonade costs 4d., and a glaes of ale only 3d therefore the teetotaller wto indulges much m temperance dnnks will spend even more than the man he condemns, besides being made ill Sch^ y takinSto° mu-* «i§ into hiJ JJtrange that someiplks love trouble, or that .money is a trouble to aome'f oiks. The man who wears a large diamond breast pin of real glass with %hirt studs to match may be taken for a bill-poster,' because he's so much paste about him. The yfluag man lover who smokes three cigars per 'night while walking with his lady love will not ,mak^ a good husband. -: He- puffs away 6d., or at the, rate' of -J69 j-er -anaum. Love should be reaViatid no smoke about it. ? ' V Whfle'l^we l live;.let . is lire well,' said a preacher thVotner Sunday to hiB audience. A juvenile present thought of the pies his mother had made the previous day and safely stored in the cupboard, and resolved to follow that irooA advaice as soon as he got home. Boys willtemember that the 5th of November is at hand, and.ibuy thiriireworks accordingly. Letting them off is, however, another thing, and our local police will take good care gthese dangerous articles are^ not thrown about near timber yards or dwellings. If they are, and a conflagration takesjjlace, our water supply will stand a chance of being tested. HOT BOLLS FOR : BREAKFAST. A Baker arrived in Gawler on Monday morn ing early and roused the slumbering denizens of the town .with the fire alarm beS. One man ruBhed off with a water-cart, and was ready for playing en the spot where no conflagration was visible, f&ix; minutes after the bell was rang. But It took .others considerably longer to get there, and the excuse that one made was .that 'although he heard the bell in dreams while slumbering Ireundly, he thought he saw merely ih* steam arising from an oven where a baker was ^baking some rolls.' Mr: Baker will doubt leu strike that man's name off the rolls of volunteers. 