"Professor Pepper, A.I.C.E. This world-famous popular science lecturer and litterateur gave his first Australian ; lecture and entertainment at St. George's- hall on Saturday night, to a densely crowded audience. The professor is a well-pro Served, fresh-looking gentleman, in appear ance about fifty-five, with a clear and power ful, though well- modulated voice. He is emphatic in his enunciation of the great philosophical truths of science and by a happy choice of wordB and the frequent use of homely metaphors and apt terms, the usually dry and abstruse theories of t-fae school of savants to which be belongs are at once comprehended, and fsll as pleasantly j on the ear as the practical experiments with which he illustrates his teachings are novel and instructive to the eye. After a few introductory remarks, ex- pressiye of the pleasure he felt at the kind ness shown to him on ail sides since his arrival in Melbourne, and a little apology for the comparatively imperfect arrange ments, which would not be quite complete for a day or two, as they included the fitting up of a mass of apparatus, he com- menced his lecture on "Light," which was life. What was light? It was simply "vibratory motion." This motion was the grandest of all the powers of nature. In it there were heat, e ecfericity, and magnetism, great imponderable forces, which certainly could not be directly seen, but which he would make his hearers comprehend. Light was the first thing created, and as it w»b connected with vibratory motion, the two were oo- existent. Tiffs was what might be expected of shts wonderful world, so fol of things which were common, yet, when care fully studied, so infinitely surprising. What a thought that this world was ushered in by one mighty and universal shadder. There must be something representing life — that something was a mighty tremble, as if the vast inanimate parades rejoiced that they were about to have life bestowed upon them. Fire was emblematic of life, and the aneieats were correct in so representing it. The image which Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego refused to worship, and Cleo patra's Needle, were emblems of fire And what was fire — vibratory motion. Sir Isaac Newton propounded this theory 200 years ago, and in later years that eminent scientist, Dr. Young, had made his series of experi ments, and with perfect success, in corrobo ration of Newton's vibratory theory. Light in itself was nothing, and could not be seen, but the whole universe, including the interstioal spaces of matter, solid, fluid, and gaseous, is filled with a subtle and rare form of matter called ether. This was known as the atmosphere, and it pervaded all space. This ether was not light, but light was produced in the etber by the excitation of certain bodies to a trembling mot-ion. Here the professor illus trated his meaaing by means of a tuning fork. The tuning fork was in itself nothing, bat hp would sciike it, and what was the result ? Sound. To produce this sound the fork had to make 250 vibrations per second, and another one (which he subsequently used) had to make 512 vibrations. The vibrations were shown by the rapid oscilla tions of a tiny wooden ball suspended to a strine. and held lust at the ends of the forks. It was easy to nnderstand from that experiment the vibratory motion of the sou, the stars, and all self-prcduclog lights, ail of which had within them this same trembling motion. Take the stupendous phenomena which are const mtly proceeding in the sun, .visible const mily from Mr. EUery's Observatory, the production of red flames. as fchev are , callei, and the raising of met&ls; in red-hot-, cloudy masses — iron, nicke3, magnesia si, copper, zinc, gold, etc., which flare up and around the sua, and are dragged back again by i:« gravity: lag power, to renew con stantly their wonderful processes. If one could be taken up oa the wings of an angel near to the sun, the stoutest heart would tremble at the cyclonic st-ormsr which there are ever recurring, and make it trem >ie to itB centre. The professor here explained how chusa tremblings or vibra tions were communicated to the ether, and produced and reproduced in wave cudula- i-.ons, hy means of two beautiful experiments. A tuning-fork was struck and Held in the air; and was of course inaudible, but pi.t cpen & sounding-board, the note was dfi- /net. A -ong rod was iuterooscd between he forfi. and the bos-rd. and the ouna was s-gaia conveyed .along ibt rod, and repro duced en the sounding -beard. A musicai t-vx Wits set going, and enclosed in several small boxes until it could not be heard. The kng rod wa», however, put through holes ia the caeeB untli is reached the muAcai box ; the souniing-baard was placed on the end of th? roi, and the air being played, could thc-n be distinctly heard in the halt. Thus, said the p-ofessr, we will consider the fork or musical b x represents the trembling sun ; the rod, the ethsr fi ting ail space, and c uveyit-g these tremblings to the box which we will cell the earth, and upon which the vibrations fall. Having demonstrated to the ear the truth of vibratory motion, the «V£ was next delighted with the same trash, shown in the undulations of water contained ic gt tank through wuioh an oxy hydrogen light was passed, a limn screen held over toe i&Dk; enabling those present to see the ci: - coiar form sud motion of the waves of ether through space. Tisiey's compound pendulum, a delicate machine wiioh gives the optic it foim of musical notes, was next exhibited bv the Picfessor's sn, Mr. Harry Pepper. It is an exceedingly carious fact that while notes struck in uoisott invariably present circle?, those m discord & confused mass of lines of ail shapes sod ar-gles. To illustrate what is palled the " Persistence of Vision," the pro fessor described some circles of w hue and \io-.et coloured flames in the darkened hall ; the g&a; was then turned fail oa but the i circles and their colours were still imprinted i on the retina. The professor's observations | en sympathetic vibration, and his tkilful | mode of illustration, struck everyone as beiBg | remarkably forcible. Two lights were shown. By cue the lecturer's face locked 1® ono of uke Bifet&ilio; demons its a ptnfcoaueK, fcud $ violet screen, with a bright green bow, ftp peared of a aad Quaker-like hue. Pre- | normal colours. Said the professor, ; the sun were stoked cp, so to spea , with certain metaia producing cer lights, the whole face of nature wou-d be changed, and we should no longer bao of freen fields, as they would no longer ap« pear green." An asfcronietroscope, as it was cslled by the professor, was next shown, consisted of the projection of a number e buttons, or spots of light, upon a linen screes. The inetrnment was then movea rapidly, with the result that hundreds or geometrical and oycloidal figures, nwny o them of singular beauty, were produce . Sir Daniel Brewster's kaleidoscope was nex introduced, and, after t-bis, the Professor explained how his celebrated ghost ulusiua was produced. Scale's dancing skeleton was also shown, and its invention explained ; and finally, a Triunial Dissolving View apparatus, made expressly for the professor s present tour by Messrs, Ofctway and Son, London, and worked by Mr. Ofctway, Jan., was used to exhibit a series of views of Afghanistan and the Afghan war. There were a few hitches inseparable from ® first night and the proper readjustment of the delicate paraphernalia, but, on the whole, the lecture and illustrations were remarkably success ful, the professor being frequently and loudly applauded. 