Chapter XXX.—Thou art the Man. The next day was Sunday. George Gerard was up as soon as it was light, and off for a ramble on the moor before the nine o'clock breakfast. This glimpse of the country was sweet to him, even in the bleak January weather, and he wanted to make the most of his brief opportunity. "When he came back to the Vicarage after his walk he found Edward Glare smoking a cigar in the shrubbery. "What a fellow you are to be rambling about in eupb wintry weather," pried Edward, by way of Balutation. " I want a few minutes talk before we go in to breakfast. We may not get a chance of being alone afterwards. Celia is so fussy on Sunday mornings. I should like you to go to church with us if you don't object." " I had made up my mind to go. I hope you don't suppose I have an antipathy to churches ?" "One never knows how that may be. I don't imagine there's much church-going among young professional men in London." "1 used to escort my mother to church every Sunday morning when I was a little boy, and those were my happiest days. If I didn't like the Sunday morning service for its own sake, I should like it because it put me in mind of her." " Ah," sighed Edward, " I daresay when a fellow loses his mother early in life, he feels sentimental about it ever afterwards. But when a mother gets to the elderly and twaddly age, one may be fond of her, but one can't feel poetical about her. I'll tell you why I want you to go to church with us, Gerard. John Trevertonis sure to be there. It will be a capital opportunity for you to take stock of him. Our pew is just opposite the Manor House pew. You'll have him in full view all through the service." "Very good," assented Gerard. "If this Mr. Treverton and Jack Chicot are the same, I shall know him wherever I see him." Celia was in excellent sprits all breakfast time, and poured out tea and coffee with a vivacity and a grace worthy of French comedy. The presence of a strange young man had a wonderfully brightening in fluence. Gelia felt grateful to her brother for having afforded this unaccustomed variety in the mouotous course of rural life. She took more pains than usual in putting on her bonnet for church, though thai was an operation which she always performed carefully, and she happened somehow to be walking by Mr. Gerard's side for the few hundred yards between the Vicarage and the lych gate. The Vicarage party were amongst the first arrivals. There were only the charity children in the gallery, and a few gaffers and goodies in the free seats. The gentry dropped in slowly. Here was Mr. Samp- . son, the lawyer, looking his sandiest, accompanied by Miss Sampson, in a dis tinctly new bonnet. Here was Lady Barker, short and fat and puffy, in an ancient velvet mantle, bordered with brown fur, like a common councillor's cloak on Lord Mayor's day, and with a bonnet that reached the climax of dowdiness—but when one is Lady Barker, and has lived in the same house for five-and-thirty years, it matters very little what one wears. Here came the Pugsleys, the retired iron monger and his wife, from Beechampton. Mrs. Pugsley, positively gorgeous in velvet and sable, and with a bird of many colors in her bonnet. _ Next arrived Mrs. Daracott, the rich widow, whose husband was the largest tenant farmer in the district, and who looks as if all Hazelhurst belonged to her; and here, after a sprinkling of no bodies, came John Treverton and his wife. The vicar gave out a New Year's hymn two minutes after this last arrival, and the congregation rosef "The man is marvellously changed," George Gerard said to himself, as he stood face to face with John Treverton, but he is the man I knew in Cibber-street and no other." _ Yes; it was Jack Chicot. Happiness had given new life and color in the face, pros perity had softened the harshness of its out line. The hollow cheeks had filled, the haggard eyes had recovered the glory and gladness of youth. But the man was there —the same man in whose face Gerard had looked a year and a half ago, reading the secret of his loveless marriage. Did he look like an undetected murderer? Did he look like a man tormented by re morse, weighed down with the burden of a guilty secret ? Assuredly not. He had the straight outlook of one whose conscience is clear, whose heart is free from guile. If he were verily guilty, he must be the prince of hypocrites. Bis wife was at his side, and George Gerard looked at her with a painful interest. What a lovely, trustful face, radiant with innocence and contentment. And was this guileless creature to be made wretched by the knowledge of her husband's deceit? "Was her heart to be broken in order that John Treverton should be punished? Edward Clare had said that it was for her sake he wanted to know the truth about her husband; it was that she might be rescued from a degrading alliance, pro tected from a man who was at heart a villain. George Gerard watched the husband and wife at intervals during the service. He could see nothing but placid content, a mind at ease, in the face of J ohn Treverton. The idea_ of this freedom from care on the part of him who had been La Chicot's husband embittered Gerard. " Had that woman been my wife, I should have been sorry for her cruel fate, I should have mourned for her honestly, in spite of her degradation. Buthad she been my wife she would never have sunk so low. I would have made it the business of my life to have saved her." Thus argued the man who had passion ately loved the beautiful, soulless woman, and "who had never comprehended the utter emptiness of her mind and heart. Once in the progress of the service John Treverton looked across the aisle, and saw the stern, gray eyes watching him. In that one glance Gerard saw that he was recog nised. " What will he do if we meet presently P" Gerard asked himself. " He'll cut me dead, no doubt." They did meet, for in leaving the church porch Lanra stopped to talk to Mrs. Clare and Celia. Edward and his friend were close behind. " Is it the man ?" Edward asked in a whisper. " Yes," answered Gerard. They went along the churchyard path together, and at the gate there was a pause. Laura wanted the vicarage party to go to luncheon at the Manor House, but Mrs. Clare declined. Of course the children could do what they liked, she said, as if her children had ever done anything else since they had emerged from the helpless ness of infancy. Even in their cradles they had had wills of their own. Celia looked at her brother, and saw by a warning twitch of his eyebrows that she was to say no. "I think we had better go home to luncheon," she said, meekly. " Papa likes us to be at home on Sundays." _ Then she gave her brother's sleeve a little tug. "You haven't introduced Mr. Gerard," she whispered. "Ah, to be sure. Mr. Gerard, Mrs. Treverton, Mr. Treverton. "Mr. Gerard and I have met before under circumstances that made me deeply indebted to him," said John Treverton, holding out his hand. Gerard lifted his hat, but appeared not to see the offered hand. This unexpected frankness took him by surprise. He had been prepared for anything rather than for John Treverton's acknowledgment of their past acquaintance. It was a bold stroke if the man were guilty; but Gerard's experience had taught him that guilt is generally bold. _" I should be glad of ten minutes' talk with you, Mr. Gerard," said Treverton. " Will you walk my way ?" "We'll all walk as far.as the Manor House," eaid Celia. " We need not be home till two, need we, ma ?" « No, dear, tut be sure you are punctual, answered the good-natured mother. I shall say good-bye, Laura, my dear. "While Laura lingered a little to take leave of Mrs. Clare, Treverton and Gerard walked on in front of Celiaand her brother, along the frost-bound road, under the leaf 1668 gImSi "The world is much smaller than I took it to be," John Treverton began, after a pause, " or you "and I would hardly meet in euch an out-of-the-way corner of it as this." Gerard said nothing. « Were you not surprised to see me in so altered a position ?" the other asked, after an uncomfortable pause. " Yes, I was certainly surprised.^ « J am going to appeal to your kind feel ing—nay, to your honor. My wife knows nothing of my past life, save that it was wild and foolish. You know too well what degradation there was for me in my first marrifge—I am not going to speakill of the dead " , "Pray do not," interposed Gerard, very ^'^But I must speak plainly. When you knew me I was a most miserable man; I have stood upon one of the bridges many a night, and thought that the best thing I could do with myself was to drop quietly over. Well, Providence cut the knot for me-—in a terrible manner—but still the knot was cut. Pate has been very kind to me My wife is the dearest and noblest ot women. To pluck the veil from my past history would he to give her infinite pain. I ask you, then, as a gentleman, as a man of honor, to keep my secret and spare her and me." „ _ « And you," said Gerard, bitterly. " Yes, it is doubtless of yourself you think when you ask me to he silent. To spare you. Did you pity or spare the wretched creature who loved you fondly even in her degrada tion? As for your secret, as you call it, it is no secret. Mr. Glare, the Vicar s son, knows as well as X do that Jolin Chicot and John Treverton are one and the same.' " He knows it ? Edward Clare ?" "Yes." " Since when ?" _ "Positively since this morning in church. He had his suspicions before. This morning I was able to confirm them." "I am sorry for it," said John Treverton, after they had walked a few paces in silence. " I am sorry for it. I had hoped that part of my life was dead and buried—-that no ■phantom from that hateful past would ever arise to haunt my innocent young wife. It is very hard upon me j still harder upon her." . ., „ " There are some ghosts not easily laid, returned Gerard. "I should think the ghost of a murdered wife was one of them. "Edward Clareisnofriendtome/'ipursued Treverton, hardly hearing Gerard's remark. " He will make the most malicious use of this knowledge that he can. He will tell my wife." t "Might he not do something worse than that?"" " What ?" " What if he were to tell the police where Chicot, the wife murderer, is to he found ?" "My God!" cried Treverton, turning upon the speaker with a look of infinite horror. "You do not think me that?" " Unhappily, I do." " On what grounds ?" " First, on the strength of your cowardly conduct that night. Why should you shirk the responsibitity of your position if you were not guilty ? Your flight was damning evidence against you. Surely you must have known that when you fled." "I ought to have known it, perhaps: but I"'thought of nothing except how best and quickest to escape from the entanglement that had been the bane and blight of my manhood. My wife was dead. Those glassy eyes, with their awful look of horror —that marble hand—told me that life had been gone for hours. What good could I do by remaining? Attend an inquest at which the story of my life would be ripped up for the delight of every gossipmonger in the kingdom, until I, John Treverton, alias Chicot, stood face to face with the world, so tainted and infected that no inno cent woman could own me as her husband ? What good to me, to that poor dead woman, or to society at large, could have come of my cross-examination at the in quest ?" " This much good, at least: your inno cence—if you are innocent—might have been made manifest. As it is^ the infe rences are all in favor of your guilt." "How could I have proved my inno cence ? I could have offered no strongei proof at the inquest than I offer you now— my own word—the word of a man who at his worst never stooped to dishonor. I tefl you face to face, as man to man, that I never lifted my hand against my wife, never, even when words were bitter^ be tween us, and of late we had many bitter words. I tried, honestly, to save'her from her own weakness. The day had been when I was fond of her in a reckless way, never looking forward to the future, or thinking what kind of a couple she and I would he when age had sobered us, and life had grown real and serious. No, Mr. Gerard, I am not a cruel man; and though the fetters hung heavy upon me I should never have striven to set myself free. When I saw those people—Desrolles and the two women—standing round me that night, it flashed upon me all at once that in their eyes I might look like a murderer. And then I foresaw suspicion, difficulties of all kinds, and above all that which I most dreaded, a hideous notoriety. If I stayed all this was inevitable. 1 might escape everything if I could get away. At that moment I considered only my own interest. I saw as it were a gate standing open leading into a new world. Was I very much to blame if I took advantage of my chance, and left my old life behind me ?" " No man can leave his past life behind him," answered Gerard. " Well, if you are innocent I am sorry for you, as I should be sorry for any innocent man who had so acted as to seem guilty. I am still more sorry for your wife." " Yes, you have need to he sorry for her, said Treverton, with a quiet anguish that touched even the man who thought him guilty^ " God help her, poor girl. We have been very happy together, but if Edward Clare holds our happiness in his hand our peaceful days are at an end." They were at the Manor House gate by this time, and here they stopped and waited in Bilence for the others to join them. Celia and Laura had been talking together merrily, while Edward walked beside them, silent and thoughtful. John Treverton shook hands with Celia, hut he only gave Edward a curt nod of adieu. _ .... ., " Good morning, Mr. Gerard, he said, with cold courtesy. " Come, Laura, if Celia has made up her mind to go home to luncheon we musn't detain her." ^ "Duty prevails over inclination, said Celia, laughingly. " If I were to come to the Manor House I should forget my Sunday-school work. From 3 to 4 o clock I have to give my mind to Scripture historv. How dreadfully absorbed you look, Mr. Gerard," she exclaimed, struck by the surgeon's thoughtful aspect. Have you any serious case in London that is preying upon your mind ?" "I have plenty of serious cases,. Miss Clare, hut I was not thinking of them ju3t i then," he answered, smiling at. her piquant 1 little face, turned to him interrogatively. | " My patients are mostly sufferers from an 1 incurable malady." " Good gracious! poor things. Is it an epidemic ? " No, a chronic disorder—poverty." "Oh, poor souls, then I'm sure I pity them. I'veheen subject to occasional at tache towards the end of the quarter all my life." They were walking homewards by this time, Edward in the rear. " Now, do you seriously think,_ Miss Clare, that a young lady, living in^ her father's house, with every want provided for, can know the meaning of the word poverty ?" " Certainly I do, Mr. Gerard. But I must tell you that you start upon false premises. Young ladies living in their father's house have not always every want provided for. I have known what it is to be desperately in want of six- button gloves and not to be able to get them." " You have never known what it is to want bread." "I'm not particularly fond of bread," said Celia, " but I have often had to com plain of the disgusting staleness of the loaf they give us at luncheon." " Ah, Miss Clare, when I was a student at Marischal College, Aberdeen, I have seen many a young fellow walking the street in his scarlet gown, gaunt and hungry-eyed, to whom a munch of your stale loaf would have been a luxury. When a Scotch parson sends his son to the Univer sity he is not always able to give him the price of a daily dinner. Well for the lad if he can be sure of a bowl of porridge for breakfast and supper." " Poor dear creatures!" said Celia. I'm afraid Edward spends as much money on gloves and cigars as would keep an econo mical young man at the University—but then he is a poet." " lb a poet necessarily a spendthrift ?" "Upon my word I don't know, but they seem generally given that way, don't theyp One can hardly expect them to be very care ful about pounds, shillings, and pence. Their heads are in the clouds, and they have no eyes for the small transactions of daily life." After this they walked on for a little while in silence, George Gerard thought fully contemplative of the fair young face, with its mignon prettiness and frivolous ex pression. " It would be a misfortune, as well as u folly, for a man of my stamp to admire such a girl as that," he told himself; " but I may allow myself to be amused by her." A minute afterwards Edward Clare came up to him and took him by the arm. " Well," he said,"what passed between you and Treverton ?" " A good deal, yet it amounts to very little. I am sorry for him." " Then you do not believe that he killed his wife ?" " I don't know. It is a profound mystery. I should advise you to let things take their own course. What good will it do for you to make that poor young wife of his miser able ? If he is guilty, punishment will Come sooner or later; if he is innocent, it would be a hard thing for you to persecute him." " What, do you suppose I am such a milksop as to let him go on his way un questioned? I, who have loved Laura, and lost her ? Suppose him even innocent of the murder—which is much more than I am ready to believe—he is guilty of a cruel fraud upon his present wife; of an impudent fraud upon the trustees to Jasper Treverton's estate, of whom my father is one. He has no more right to yonde Manor House than I have. His marriag i with Laura Malcolm is no marriage. Am I to hold my peace, knowing all this?" " To reveal what you know will be to break Mrs. Treverton's heart, and to reduce her to beggary. Hardly the act of a friend." " I may give her pain, but I shall not reduce her to beggary. She has a small in come of her own." " And the Manor House estate will be devoted to the creation of a hospital. "Those are the conditions of Jasper Treverton's will." " As a professional man I am bound to rejoice, but as a mere human being I can't help feeling sorry for Mrs. Treverton. She seems devoted to her husband." " Yes," answered Edward, " he has con trived to hoodwink her; but perhaps when she knows that John Treverton is Jack Chicot, the ballet-dancer's husband, she will be disenchanted." Gerard made no reply. He began to understand that personal malignity was the mainspring of Edward's desire to let in the light upon John Treverton's secret. He was almost sorry that he had lent his aid to the discovery, yet he had ardently desired that justice should be done upon La Chicot's murderer. It was only since his recent conversation with John Treverton that his opinion as to the husband's guilt had begun to waver. He was haunted all the rest of the day by uncomfortable thoughts about the master of Hazelhurst Manor and his fair young wife; thoughts so uncomfortable as to prevent his enjoyment of Celia's lively company, which had all the charm of novelty to a man whose youth had not been brightened by girlish society, and whose way of life had been dull and hard, and laborious. He was to go back to London next morning by the first train, and although the Yicar pressed him to remain, and even Celia put in a kindly word, he stuck to his intention. " My practice is not of a kind that will bear being trifled with," he said, when he thanked Mr. Clare for his proffered hospi tality. " The few remunerative patients I have would be quick to take offence if they fancied I neglected them." " But you give yourself a holiday some times, I suppose," said Mrs. Clare, whose large maternal heart had a kindly feeling for all young men because her son belonged to that section of society. " You go to stay with your relatione, now and then, don't you P» " No, my dear Mrs. Clare, I do not; and for the best of all reasons, I have no rela tions. I am the last twig of a withered tree." " How sad," replied the vicar's wife. Celia echoed the sigh, and looked com-, passionately at the surgeon, and compassion m Celia's blue eyes was a sentiment no man could afford to despise. " If you will let me come again some day when I have made a little progress in my profession you will be giving me something pleasant to look forward to," said Gerard. " My dear fellow, we shall always be glad to see you," the Vicar answered, heartily. " It strikes me you are the kind of friend my son wants." . (To le continued.) 