GENERAL KEWS. In 1876, wolves in the Russian province of Samara, devoured 5,880 horses and horned cattle, 56,000 small cattle, 22,000 domestic fowls, and more than 1,000 dogs. In 1877 their ravages were even greater. Among the measures to be considered by the 'Victorian Parliament nest session (says the Argus) will be one brought in by the Minister of Works providing for a system of Government insurance, by which every adult in the community will be able to in sure his or her life on the Government -yn«Mn^aQ IVtv* nntT CUH1 linf avf*flar{ll1ff ^.VOll The terms will be more liberal than those of the Insurance Companies, especially Id regard to penalties for non-payment of pre miums. Murderers have in many instances been Convicted and executed by evidence that was elicited through ibe agency of a dream or some vague ghost story. Tt is not generally known, however, that two men were executed in the North of Eujzland a little more than 200 years ago, by tbe testimony of a ghost. la 1631, a woman named Ann Miller was murdered at Ches terle street- . Her ghost, according to the local records, appeared to a miller wbo re sided in the neighborhood, and told him the story of her murder. He informed the magistrates, who issued warrants for the arrest of John Walker aud Mark Sharp. These two men were tried, before Judge Davenport, at the next Durham Assizes, found guilty, and executed upon no other evidence than the story of the miller. — Newcastle Courant. An amusing story has reached the Ben dtgo Advertiser from Eaglehawb, of an episode which occurred at one of the prin cipal mines in that locality uot lonjr since. The engineer of the mine in' question, -whilst on duty one night, observed some China men, paying* particular attention to some valuable blanket sand from the batteries, and after watching their movements for some time, he rushed down to them, seized one of the Celestials by his -tail and held on like grim deatli. The others caught hold of tbe engineer, and endeavored to make Mm release his captive by pulling and be laboring him with their bamboos j but the plucky fellow .would not jrive up bis prey. and finally, after a terrific struggle, the captive ' JohnV capillary ornament — the pride of his Mongolian 6oul — came off in the engineer's hand — hair, scalp, and all — and it uow remains in the victor's posses sion as a trophy of the battle. A Chinese gardener has been found murdered iu his hut at 'Grreeuhills, near Ararat, Victoria. A farmer uaincd John McNamara has been arrested on suspicion of being the murderer. A Wellington telegram states that the natives, under orders of Te Whiti have commenced ploughing: the settlers' land iu the vicinity of Plymouth, with the view of taking possession of it. Mr. G. Bonnor, one of our leading cricketers, threw an ordinary cricket ball 124 yards 6 inches on the Association Ground, for a wager of £20. Mr. Bonnor was ako backed for £25 against Spofforth, but we hear the latter has forfeited. — Toiin and Country. A systematic and determined effort is being made by the employe's of the RaiJwav Department, Victoria, to be brought unde'r the provisions of tbe Ciril Serrice Act. They have formed an nssociatiou with, the view of bringing thsir requirements pro minently before the Government through the Minister of Railways. The Pall Mall Gazette is not very compli mentary to Sir. Berry, and it was not likely that it would be, for the journal of pedantic culture has little in common with a politi cian of warm sympathies and little educa tion. It is much better iiiforniod on Vic torian affairs than most of the London papers, and it is able to attack Mr. Berry on the most vunerabie side. 'He is more ready,' it says, ' to borrow foreign contri vances from interuatioBalists and continental despots than to adopt the principles of John Bright or the chartists. in other words, he abandons the traditions of sotar English liberalism, and embraces tbe principles and policy which in France led to tbe speedy establishment of a military despotism. He has not studied the working of institutions sufficiently to lay the foundations of any democratic structure on firm foundation, and if he were to have his way it would be an ill day for democracy in Australia. With much in his aims that commands the svni pathy of liberal minded men, his methods are so crude that bis euergy aud liis elo quence are not likely to be of permanent value to his fellow colonists, though they may maintain ami ror some time longer m i a position of great power and influence. A vagrant in the Mount Eden Gaol, New Zealand, named Charles Spalding, has been left heir to £,10,000 by an uncle iu England. Some time ago, says a Brisbane mr.n, I forwarded to Melbourne two tons of Pim pama arrowroot. It was sold there for £95. All that comes back to the grower and manufacturer is £4o. The sum taken for duty was £38, off £95. A polyscope, tbe purpose of which is to aid examination of the mouth, larvnx. &c;, by means of the electric light, Las been de scribed by M. Trouve before the Physical Society of Paris. It is st.id to afford doable tbe light of tbe platinum coil hitherto em ployed. The London Humsije Society has done noble work in rescuing kalf-drownirig Britishers, especially on the Serpentine in London. They thought the skating public would be pleased to aid them, and they were not disappointed. They placed 12 contribution boxes along the Serpentine one day during tbe past wiuter, when 20,000 persons were on the ice. The Society made several rescues that day and uGbly were they rewarded. In one of the boxes were three pennies, and in another two. Total, fivepence. Mr. Lake, of the firm of Hague and Lake, who has reeentJy returned from Wirrabara, informs us (Y. JP. Advertiser) that there are hundreds of men (among whom were some from this district), going about the north with their swags on their backs seeking work, but unable to find any. Mr. Ey, who is engaged surveying a line of road from Wirrabara to Port Germein, has had a number of applications for work from men who had come from a distance, thinking that the work was commenced, but as vet he has no power to employ any men, and they have to move on to other places, but only with a like result. As soon as opera tions are coaimenced on this road, Mr, Lake informs us, there will probably be employment for 100 or 150 men for twelve months, but as yet it is of no use for those eeeking employment to go north, as the farther they go the worse they are likely to fare. ? ' John, did your ever bet on a horserace ?' *' No, but I have seen my sister Bet on our old mare.' 