'TER 8EV. ME. OH[RIQUTI B LECITTRE. ator Chiniquy delivered the arst of his coursne of leetore in the Sohol of At ltar evesning, the abjeso :bding " Wbhy I, with 25.000 of my eonnteymen, le.t t·he t hrreb of t ome" A few remaraks to the rv. gstleman's antecedents my not be out of plane. H·e i l French C?nadian, and occupied the position of pri~t in the Roman Catholio hObrob of Coemsda f. twentyfivre yers, and holds cowan honoured pooition An the Presbyteriane Church in that 0olony. It is mid -thit sil the leading Protestant of Great Britain have hanoured Mr. Chiniquy as the mot eonspieuoos heamp:on of Protetauinm of tbe presnt daye and he has letated throeghont England on the iavitation of sinsters of ell proteatant denominations. In these colonise bL work has been endorsned by sonh moen a the Bishop of Gosihorn, and the Deans of Bathuree, and of Melbourne, as well as by many other leading Protestant. It bhad been announead that he would deliver two sermons in Ipewich on Bunday lst, end his rionarrivl ?ensd some disappointment,a o nes. baers of people farm be eountry districts-tome from o-esiderable disranee-oeme in purposely to hear him, pot baring heard that he had bean. onable to rEach on onthe ? aturday night. The same of hi non appearsme was due to the lady Bowe, by which +-mar he ws a peseng?ero from'airyboeoogh, being detained by etreas of weather t Wide Bay. The p?stor, however, somebea Ipewith by the 45 troin pesteeday aftenoos. Not fewer than about 200 bead g-thrad on the railway platform, and as he drove away, sceompanied by MCr. A. Maarlane, seeretary of tbseeammitteae, the Rev. Ft. Browne, and Mesres. HI-sgrse end Adamu, three cheers were given for him. Desing hi rnsidenes in Ipwich he in the ghost of Mr. W. aeseeak. The interek saken in the Pastot visit to Ipewieh was ehan lotevening by the immense audienee who ssembled nto theadbheel of Arts tobear hi first leetuore. 1rom the steg to within a few fet of the moin entrannsdoor, a perfect sea of faces greeted the view, ad amongst the asemblage were repreesotatives of alt daouminationsa oloeses in the enrmnait . The are best order was maintined, eand Mr. Obiniaguy ? adned a qaiet and lacenely interested hearing. The Pastor peahe with a slightly foreig eeoenat, but with an earlestesam whieh t onee seoures th e ·ste stie tion of his andieanes. A bchoir, nder the leadership of Mpr. Jans seoureld, seeupied a position on the pltformand ther weres also snrsted upon it, the Bevs. F. H. Brorw. and it [. Parltoson, his Worhip the Mayor, and aeeral other prominent citisone, in -lndingr a ambar at ladies, tbe praoceedings were mmes?eod by the heir singing the well-known b?ymn "Mold she Ilet," and by prayer by the Bev. Mr. Perkiness. nr, A. Mar·aoa rs, M LA, neesped the chair, and i ntroduaing the re. eoterer so the meeting, aid it gee haim preat ploars to be poeseat on that e seem, tad to lake the obehr as the frt of the series dt pb?lie Itesas peopoeed to be d? liread by the pastor la Ipwich. Mnsy of them Sreed some o" t etQ rs, and elo om?ethinig of the life aend Atrgles of Mr. (Chineqay. He had only m him fe the test ties on that pldat f?a Lba evening, yet he had read of him, and he oenuld adMse him and lose him, although it was only thaet might hate he had Blet bead the ploaeu of taking bL hband. e boped Mr. Chiniqy wraould be l?sg spared as o l the vineyd of the Lord. He had diend ilboard for a oesiderMble time for Chri.t, and he rted that his oeS s would prove a hleaslneg not only to tl, bhut to florM generatones. He feli emre that M Ohinipuy was etnated by hibgher feel?. egs lsha hie asmet ilinions is working s he did for hrist. He (thehirman) hoped that thoe bwho lad smine to b e ar e Le . genlemen woepld gie him aeat?Lst ad -qiet htrtings aI they asked for ass qi?ets and peao, eandl be bbpd that these weakld erhsrr-i tLe proseedings of bthe oevening. Be ha j w ma sd plamer Is intordaelng the re. lootn s to them. -Mr. OCaaI or, oa omln foward, e loedly ep plhudd. In Msh sensesm b hisu he said that la the Ith amle Nvid aors "C'ms and hoer d ye theat fae God, Id I will declr what Eq bh, done for my sault " Ilt ws th ae with hml.ftr bh he con ?ldaredLwhat GOa lid di·er him he wished he caold gn oqer thele whee rid, ad tell the ehildla of God tI g t Ibhins Hoe bed dons for him ad -o many pf bin b eeahtryme. Baesm bthesen 'sn nig itew? tahm to M the tLrd ir 81Hi eai toased the poor eins-f mss s wh h soka pe ubs tht4 nilghLt. M at r them bm' w abthe weas born In asadh, end titka bh' we alted'ntO t i(lo of u the qiortt atNm Ia the yea SP end nontlawed spriet eartfratd rr desis whloet time he lld edlss te e thrI t Ce Obaseb ue wan the Um4ob of Cha, a asId w a hb ambtion to extend ·po we i aar e s a l stesn '? Aes-ilee Pro. h-Y-. te wasslebl a p?ts o ha vor?sh wish aees i ese thea ha ia dote, and Nal slt, ?,,Ekml g~l, k.,k ·ubll.?l t ii. md 4 awa histhinsea sl the lls epead t re dert.m 'l wa ap e (ba nb r ?-% ?,1,-?, lehepa.a_ - also": e es Pr a far his tlite k bosh SMm ,so e b saaa tiev? hat u q thouthmo Z'C> was vtad e be 4 bsealrtidres Wstesietar What tore i-edo he ee h'nd l as ameesa tn hi ha Ash aeaseadaA la eseyre ln1 s et he et ats I the sense atihu fia j .e anked Gal hM t t beted ll. bto a u eady e dt is aa t beet male s to nlaetesme a a US *teW ed th wllt eltbtlt hairt, har s-e ma ' sirh fe mk tent!? a eisa, Iati p o thebe rpl t hat they wave steing base heed aand desolablmen. ? that eed h dad th pdes ashte ahee Chs Som the-l ur~ 4telele m a r s ea us1 ashese tsey sculeeh led Ata h aeheeleethe -else --eep eaethe wee a sfem ,o eas letho h mab He tented hastedhs pears cut at Asedela Nat she wec ef mechet i us eps alet , Eaqpa ti ired nearly all lgntrsbnt he stilhleara mysteri. a-- veiosyingt. hia, Don't yoseas that in ~oer ypea domae toltowi. Weod of Go, butyon ? the lying- tadttin of men. Don't yo see ars prabh in lien:ad forgeeia which are not by the seriptusres P Dnt yo we at in yoa Ohurb h you invite poor iomnr to invoke o;me of Mary when tbo 8scnsri s~y, ?-.r. Sonly no es which yeon e hobeavedl-Je Christ?" Ondyheprehebed in the grments se dal of Mhontreal It ban immense thrch, and be Mrlly preaobad thern to a multitude of at least 16,000 people. That day be apoke on the Bleed Vrigin May. He told the people it was not fit for dhi sinner to go to Jesu, ieaase Sent being God, "ad the inner being a rabel, a rebel had nothing to do with the king against whrom he wa in rebellion. e maid to theeas poor ineoer, " We a?e rebels agins?t Godg He will notliaen tooer prayera or hearour regests; e ais banry with a. Now, when a man ?ate seme feer fam a king, he goae to the friends a~the king, he addreaMes himself totheoietes, snd they preaent hi petition, sad the rebel gets his pardon." Then bhe aid to these poor aoner, , Come with me t tn feet of Mary, Jas nevers refnad ny favouer to His sbthr. He ha always grated her request; opme with me and we shall put one petition into the hads of Mary, ad she will go to leat and pry for a, sad What (hrist would refnee to you and to me, beeama we are ionner, He eanot refause to his dear mother." He ineited them to come to Mary, with hseb al that the whole engregation was in tear; and the Bishop of Montreald omplimented him on the addres. That evening, an be was reading bhs Bible, hin eye fell on this pasage, which wen one of the first rays that entered his aul-" And they maid outo Him, Thy mother and Thy brethren stand with out, desiring to speak to The. But He anlwered and said nto him that told Him, Who is My mother P and who sre My brethren P And be strtehed forth His hand towards eHis disciplsa and aid Behold My mother end My brethren ! For whosever shall do the will of My Father which is in heaven, the same is My brother, end sister, end mother!" And a eoice like thunder said to him (the letorer), " Don't you ne you preached a lie this morning ? Yeo deceived the poor people whben you esaid Jeua. has always granted the petitions of Mary!" He pnsed the night in tear, and said, "My God, is it possible I have preached a lie?" He saw that Christ had come tothe world as its 8sarnioer, and that He would not permit even His mother to come between Him and humanity. The neat morning the Bishop mw by his eyes that Ihe had been crying, and be asked the rea?son. He replied it was because he had preached a diabolical lie to the people the day beore, He looked smausd, and said, " What do you mean P" He (Mr. Chiniqay) sali, "?Well, my lord, I baes eneched from chapter to chapter and I do not fnd a niugle instance of Jesus, excpt when He war a child, grantinr the request of Hia mother; and yesterday I told those poor people to get her to intercede with Christ! I do not mean to preach that any more." (Applause.) Re said, " Well, will you become a Protestant?" He felt inualied at this question. He woeld rather have been callesd a dog than a Proteetent. (Laughter.) He replied. " o, m?y Jord, not at ell." The light wa gradually coming ato him, but he still remained obstinate. There was, however, a constst Lruggle within him i bet God was brealking tbhe fesatera that bound him, and in the end He conquered, and broaght him to the feet of Jesus, where he had found peace and joy, which surpases every mader tanding. He should tell them of another terrible battle be fought against the light. One day he said to his servanut girl, "Marguerite, I have no more good gode in my tabernacle ; please make me some wafer,." And she mined a little door end water together, and put the dough between two warm irons, and turned it into wafersn. In the morning he (the lestolar) took them to the altar, and he had to believe that when he had jrnounnced rvemagiesl words over them-" Ase t raim corpy meas"-they were no more bhead, buh his God, Jant Christ limself! That day, at mas, he had called on his eongregetion to adore with him the God whieb be had madse out ofa little dough i and both they andhe bowead theirtfeestotheduat, nodadoredthatpiere of dough as their God. That very eame day, however. whreo reading his Bible he came acros the passage i. the 20th chapter of Exode, and she words came to him as a thonderbolt-" Thou habslt have ao other g-de before Me. Thou shalt not make aonto thysIlf any gramen image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven abece or that is in the earth beaneath, or that is in the water under the earth. Tho halt not bow down thyself to them nor srve them." And the yoice again said to him, " Don't you se that this moring, and all your lif, ie oyo haver been s praes. oyea have adored a god masds with your own hands ?" iThben God spoke to him in a voice of thbnnder, "Come o?t of that Churech! You re an idolasor; yoe wor sbip a god made out or apiseceofdoutgh." Ie paesed the night in tear, and prayer; but he etill reagglet againlt the light. It seemed impoesib?l thal hirs dear Roman Catholic Ohurb h could be ao idol?srou. Oburbch, and he wept and was distreasi beyond mte ear. Bat his God was conquerring him. Re had bean seleted to go from Canada to the vlst malogai snt prairies of Illinoi. Chicaro, whish now bad 400.000 inhabbitantsl, had then onlty 40000. The bishops. seing th?i fie noustr, said, " If we mn take pesesion ot that State, we will rule the United Staes f'm it." And tisy said, - Chiniquy, you mut go there, sad diect the tide of O·atholic emigra tion from lmne, Belgium, and Ounada to the pri" riesa there we will form ech a great and mighty people that we wilt outnumber the Preoestants, sad oalty rule thse whole eoeotry." re eatled there in 1851\. and in a few yjean perenaded 75.000 French Onaedins t go there. IsHe ra glad to see his dear Oeureh of Rome takingol poseeion of that mtoagniGoet caetry. About that time, the Binhop of Cbiago d;d thingwlwhiobte Preanhmen could not tolerate. It woo a ?rat iiqoity, ansd his eoutrymen rand he, aefter cor id?e?retion deededtht itwaasheirdulty, our ofrespectfor thesesdle, to perotest pubiely against the conduot of the bishop. Aceordingly sn inqu;ry was made by the Enporor of Frante thvogh his ambassador, and by the Pope in the person of Cardlial Bedini ; the bibop, b found guitty. wasu toaken from their midt . and anIoLther biahop wu sent in his place--a nry good t?a. He said to him (Mr. bChiniquay), through his Oread Vicer, 0 ?Ciniquy, w are aerpy glad pw bhae beaten that bishop it is a glorioue uitoa- and wre re tbankful to youa bt, u yout harve handled him rthsr rourbhly, it is belired now that you ares Proteanl. re aow better, but mould you not gine O doelmt by bwhieb we mey prove to the world b·at yen ill re a glood Roma (Ctholic prelt F Hae eld he had no objaetion bt it or emead to him it writh golde oppoRtounity for him to know whethar the eoins whbih was tronbitla his reet for so many years, whieb wa saying" to him, " Don't you *s en your Chereb of lRome you do not follow iLa Word of God, but the lying trditions of mens" wa from God or em SaBten. He therefore wrote these wr ordo, ** My lord, we want to line and die in the ol iaotbahe Obereh, and, to proe t ts to your lordbip, we p?omien s teenly we will obey yor au thbority aoordlg to the Weed of God o e d it I the Gospel of Otnt." The Grand Vise said it wa' jet o s was wan?? d be (Mr. ChiLiquO ) aaid. j tear the Bishop will not agenpt this submauoon. nssaus hMteomaia asditio. eony I sabmit m if¢ to the Bishop serdisir be ft. red q Gad a? we lad id ike tha dpel of SridoC" The OGad Vior anuwered, *~ Wll,.teao th od p HIe (Mr. ChQidtqu) said, " lhinlthis toeosdferle Pope" Rec ald, Whet dop yoeu s" ne a (the ~ teer) saswered, " Ly .dear ?reld, y o kneo ts eta a oman Catholio print today who hoe stadied the Sotipltrro and the I~oy Pahrs mo than I beta den, bat I mort tal e the meo ore I U mpa th Steiptar and bthe Rely asn tbe more I aen that lua or Qhersh of Roe we aLn ro ether God but the Pope, and no Gee1 but the lylg tmdltions of ma anJ if it be enthe Blohhea unsoet rept thibk abmi?lon, baed on bbe Wodsefoed. 0 Weltl,eaid bo," you at wrong, oIqup. Come to the Blahogt and pe will Ia he till oeapipoer wmiesio, ald wltl be plesd wit I Ha (r. ChbtIquy) Hnt bhil, and to bie eat eprle a aPsed the aubmlselon. Be (the trr mweet waae, to bie Ihba that he wo lad ba4 a bhd e e pme hl mel t bhe ha wpoS et p wuitk Gad. e Wlal)th qi pe him alettar e tay he 'me to gima pee (Ma. that anr) ft ole woni batwees the m. Bs lie eate bark rqdjeas leaked daE , ia n m a , on of e ~ bmii bra tat ea h a ed Igns foole His i~t lo tli ig m e afer thi b erled i ta tlease r pom he (B Mrp GIalq~t)s1Sf OWha do ye t ao by oslng 1 es ? Ter a toni the doemmoot l pe awdeestee l it t if poe hate h a ti~llred tha etb shuo har isosiwad Iper alL trr4 W 5ea r. Ipamrrb Ythi We submit ounarelves to your antheoity, maod" in to the Word of God in the Gospel o Christ." He (Mr. Chiniqay) said, " We man what is ta?m. We cannot submit ourselves to youar authority emspt e eoonrding to the stloa law oftmth, jstiee, and bellE se of God, es we fod them in tshe oly alriptLarset The Bishop replied. "You are a good prits I h an?d if so, you must know that a good prist has o to nebmit, witboes any aondition, to his opseom. e (MIr. Chiniqoy) mid, " If I take away from my soubmission 'lbs Word of God.' and' the Gespel Christ' pl ne t Jl me, on what oorner stone my eb. misiso rinl stand P" The Bishbop aid, " You sam take asway those words, and submat wbholly to my an' thority, without any condition, and promis to do anything I will tell you to do." Then be (_r. Chiniquy) rose to his feet, and aid, "My lord, whats ou require of me is not isbmission, it is adomtios. Srefus[er it, I will never adore youo? He replied, "II s., you cannot be aay longer -a oman (atboib priest." Hse (Mr. Chiniquy) raised his hands towauds haeran, a?d scid, " Mayr the Almighty God be 1 ever praised." A dark cloud came over his (lr. Ohiniquoy's) poor guilty coul, and hbegen to to- He said, " My God, my God, the ChOburch of Bome a sot Thy Church, but where is Thy Churchb P Wher most I go to be aved? I have given up my ountry, my friends, the Churceh of my father and my soase. Oh, God speak to me l" But no aunswer -eamoto l prayer. He saw that by giving up the Ohchr of Rome, he had given up everything that was deer to him; and he hoped they would never ?oderste?d whst that meant The leaoturer then eloquout desribed the meutal agony which be endured on "ereriog his connection wirth hi Chaeh. The trial w almost too much for him, snd if God had not stopped his guilty hand, be would hae out his throat in that dark hour ; but thanks be to God, He stopped his hand when he was about to commit the horrible crime of self-murder. In the midstor his distress he opened his Testament, and his eyes fell on these words:-" Ye are bought with a pries; be not ye the servants of men." The English wa good, hot oh! the French was beautiful--" Von aeo dd orieitsc Grand Prig; re dreases point lee arletnr des hoAswer." Aod with these words a light ame to him so beautiful, that the rays of the sun were noth ing but dark clouds coempred to it. Thso heaw for the first time the way of salvation. He arri??d at the door of the churchb at the hour of serioes noet day, ahich we a Sabbath day. There was a great multitude of people, and they said, " Father Ohiniquy, what news ?" He told them to come to the Church and he would tell them whot the Lord had done for his soul. When he gathered them bthere he smid, "'Frenehmen, I must tell you that rJesns said beaor He died, that He would be to the disciples the ause of cret sceendal. I bring you strange news. I am no Iongera priest." He then gave them reasons why he left t1e Church of Rome; and after he had tnlshed he said, " I respect you too much to impose myself a you; but T will not go before yoo tell me to go. Yo will cut with yor hands the ties so sweet whiob have attalehed me to you." There were tears and sobs. He (Mr. Chiniqoy) asked them to be calm, and said, 1ffere are my parting words; if you think it is bser to follow the Pope than Christt, and better to invoke the name of May: chan Jesus's, and better to pot yar trust after death in the fabulole Purgatory of Bos rather than in the blood of Christ, and better to bare a priest of Rome to preach to you than me, stand op?" To his surprise not asinsleone moved. They weresl in tears. After ere minates ailenus he mid, wesping, "Fresochmen, you are acting very foolishly. Why don't you tell me to go P" A young man aid, with a strong 'oiee, "Jesu died for me on Oslvary. I will nsrever invoke any but his name." Another said, " My shoulders are bleeding with the yohe ; why don't we go with our pastor to Jes P Ad theda -ith aloud cry he (Kr. Cbiniquy) said, " My eountry men I the mighty God who yesterday tokt me ot of the land of Egypt, is in your midst to asre yoe with ,e you will moss the Bed Sea. With me you will go to the feet of Jesus. I will put to yes the sume quea tion is another shape. 'If you think it is bettrto loUow Christ rather than the Pope, better to invoke the name of Jesus than Mary, better to put your tuast after death in the blooid of Christ rather than in the fabulous purgatory of Bofe, mad btter to bare - preach to you rather than a priest of tBos, sal up!" And they allt n single ma, at one rose ay. The newt weat to England mnd FrPan that hiniqu.y had goue ot, at Ltbe bNd of a noble hand of meen Iromn Egyp to the Promised LInd, and e?r--be"e Ithi newo spread, th uns au JofaJ wa blessed. That dey they bad 1000 onnoerte; ris mootheaurer, they had 200 twelve months aftser. the~y had 4000I and to-day, including scelne priests, they bane 2.000 con ersen. (Loud applause.) The er. gentpl . mun conleded bty suine Lhat he bhd no bed Sesliog againstL the Roman Calholis?r He did notensoae them to inault them. He loved them; they were his friends. The only thing they could do ma -a pity them, to pray for the mad to show thee a goed ezsmple. Drion thbe lecture. Mr. Chisiquy eqeeed the aedience not to appleed, bt snveral tines thley preed their capproval in a mery dmenatrat?iea mannur. The subject for the lectore to-nirht will be" Why do ahe print. of Rome hen. aur Pretessaut aslsi, caud pressn Catbhote obildm fram atsendigthem F" and to-morrow ensuing Mr. Ohiniquy will s?peak on " The presens duties of Protestants towardo the aloes and tbh Roumt Oatbolica." 8iSte the date of our lut iue e heare bLeen enjo ing very Bne weather, thouth it hbee hen warm, nd ot tiem eloudy. It seemed more then once ai if the would be soother downpoor, but the weather la? eveninl wr dlear, nod the okt cloudlemo, sad it appeare now es though the rein hbed left us for a time. Summer alseo sems to be fast approaching, or rather to ber?o already come. The river fell rapidly nince Saturday, and is tent muoming its ordinary proportions. Owing to its hoving been etationar at ouh a bheight for eo long a time, a stimy mud has been depoeirted on the bank. which preent anything but a lern appearl ance. A little damale bsu been done to the One-mlei Bridge, a portau of the ailing. htvinlg been arrid away, mnd a large hole washed in the centre of the roodway near rhe juaction of the Churchill anl Toouwumba ,odo. £ men named Samuel Summeneille we droweed n Friday In the South Pine River. Samerrille wen tt~rcntireg to swerim h bor·ae the rivefr, which was fIlooded, when both horne and rider wersnearri?d -.oy by the err?ntL Search he beem madetorthe bly . whiab, however, ham noL yel ban rseorsred. A dandy on shore is digeuetin to many people, ht a swell on the ea elkens everybody. A Faua r MIo.--The GCaeree (Iows) ,,ee -lys -" A f- wteeke ago we made mRention abomo theo 35th child of Father Ehihb MYblennhun. Siev thatL time the old gentlonmn has bhee in to me es sd ehabe hadn omer the jo!fat eret. We Ieron that 15 of bis ebhildrens wne y ed 10 of thsem gica, ned at this time S ot his children are liin. end 10 of thlm at bhmo, and alt of them in uoal swed health Tw?e paire of twines were born, thr boys and ewe giet. He bhe 50 grehitud reu nad tunre eutgmd-. children, lie thoulha at rtal o( olin the olt child bough, but o hea? iae ehalgd his mind. tee he think, peeo the OGeramete will aed enes mere soldier b?o ?many year." In nooeqlraeo ot the heavy sele which hb Iea tor the p-s few dyay. Ior PNomanaw reeSths at bh eastoomere mwre nable to a?all th melee ftlh lnt wet of his Stoet-taiLg Sale,, we meameled ia a neat de lar a d. thet aiete tie m?any hegie to all to maket thelr PFrchate, ansd vemlse atDwetlen of ftnm aS to Sa la the aw all Doueey Geede with eel smse ? e he deeldd to Mntin the Sale oer few days msor, whlun evea New sad Valuale Artlel will be added t tie choiei lot to eo gle?s away OratiL. As thi arlnltalal vann*t reetotnes for many dayye o t mrapee ly lev iited to ell earu l mlmd aeBee it cholse,--{tll.) Itro~n· r hNorma 'w ae P'mac.-Te?'Rrlee Photo. Company ?t now prepad?d to tlake she meat .apelor Photreph yert pedured Ia Queoleamd at ntee ahlrh tllt 1st;r she meat fetidioun, mending OCr·d.eebrisiu. Vtgellea, tiChinet Portreltsl e. Peee inal s they do a mt of ht meeo t aemplute tavlliug apparate ia the ealay, cley am I a peae lon to take Landesape, A5 at a detuses terom tow whtch aneot he equalled by ry otther asablhmeeI t in Qoo.eol. Ooer Sriu?a.otruet, ipewlet, hianagrt G . A. TlUezcO~U t-C~I.{ r. ReferrinI to an eaetUemevt of leonr flrnan a Some' Kouxwnt inaer in aneter elomn, we hIer the pleasue to l'om or (rilude that during the praeut moath we ase renived two lage Oee alemeullell thl Vlualae Prepetiea, am ae new in a pmabIon to epupl; rdera. Our agent at Boot hampton report j--" Thot a lady he used the IEsntt tar redutong and preenling lie inermos of earios uwin in the legI by applyingl the crede &~Eteattainsa d·Z Tr,? lliwi~porad,,rr·Ua.' It· ?I 4,I.. U' 