LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. WAGGA WAGfi A MUNICIPALITY. During his recent visit to Sydney, the Mayor (Mr. H. B. Fitzhardinge) waited on the several departments, with reference to certain matters of interest to the Borough, j The following is his report on the subject:— JNou-payment by Ireasury of Endowment oil Subscription paid by Australian Joint Stock Bank for Asphalting Footways iu Ourwood and Fitzmaurice streets. Iu pursuance of the request of tbe Borough Council, I waited upon the Under- Secretary for Finance and Trade, and inquired us to the non-payment by the Treasury of endow ment of 10s. iu the £, on a subscription paid by the A.J.S. Bank to the Corporation, to wards paying for asphalte being laid on the footpaths by the Borough of Wagga Wag^a ; such endowment having been claimcd by the Council under the Municipalities Act of 1807, as the amount was a subscription to the Corporation by the bank for 'corporate purposes,' and having been disallowed by the Treasurer. The Under-Secretary stated he had disallowed the claim, as he did not consider that laying down asphalte iu the street was a corporate purpose. I contended that it was clearly within the meaning of the words of the Act, and that the same question had arisen with this Boroniih in IS77. when | Mr. Attorney -General Wiudeyer had given an opinion clearly in favour of the Council's coutenliou, and on which opinion payment of endowment on a subscription for brick paving a footpath iu the Borough was made. Tlie Under- Secretary said he had not seen Mr. Windeycr's opinion, aud upon obtaining it, and referring to it, lie said it certainly was in favour of the Council's view ; although he did not agree with it, but would appoiut au interview with the lion, the Treasurer, when I could urge my views aud lay Mr. Wiu deyer's opiuron before hiiu. I accordingly, with the Under-Secretary, interviewed the Colonial Treasurer, who, after hearing me on the question, and reading the opinion of Mr. Windeyer, said he would direct the payment to be made ; also stating that the Govern ment were inclined to deal liberally with municipalities, but resisted the payment at first on general principles. Roadways from Railway Station.— I waited upon the Engiueer-iii-Chief for Kaihvays, in reference to the question of payment by the Government for forming the approaches from Baylis along Collins and Flinders streets to tbe railway station, which work was' under taken by the Corporation at the request of the Engineer-in-Chief, the cost to be paid by the Government according to instructions received by the Council in writing through tlie resident engineer at ugga Wagsa, aud as to the correctness of which instructions a raisuudcrstaudinc arosee after the contract had been entered into by the Corporation. The Engineer-in-Chief stated that a mistake bad been made in coinnienciiii; the -work before abtaiuing the approval of the Honour able the Minister for Works of the expendi ture, but said he entirely acquitted the Council from any blame in tbe matter ; lie considered the matter rested more with his own department. He had no iuteution of repudiating payment ; but certain documents should have been submitted by the resilient engineer to him instead of having been initialed as approved in Wragg.i Wagga. He advised the Council to complete the work and send him tbe accounts, when he would explain the matter to the Minister for Works aud 'obtain his sanction for payment. He also stated the Couucil were having the work peiformed at a lower rate than usually paid for similar work by the Railway Department. Asphalt in front of Court-house. — I called upon the Sheriff ill reference to the applica tion to have the street iu front of the Court honse laid with asphalt. The Sheriff said the appljoatipn ltad uot come to his knowledge} but he would uow enquire into it. A dupli cate of the application has sincc been for warded to this ollicn, with a letter requesting his attention to the matter. Water Supply. — Iliad an interview with the Honourable the Minister for Works as to water supply. He stated the Government were anxious to push on water supply for country towns, and the Eiiuiueei'-in-Cliiof for Harbours and Rivers had the matter well ill band, and would give every information. No formal application would he necessary, as the money li.nl been voted. I called np.ni the Engineer-in-Chief for Harbours and Rivers ill reference to the proposal to lower the site for proposed reservoirs for supply. That gentle man stated that he proposed to place the reservoirs at a lower level than suggested by M Mr. James, C.E., who bad laid out tho scheme, as the expense of pumping up to so great in elevation would be very heavy, and tbe pressure from *iic water would be so strong in the town that it would create great strain on tbe pipes an taps, and eausc im neccs'ary weir and tear and exlra outlay, but lie would meet us on tho ground on Wednesday, the 17th inst,, and finally deter mine upon the site for machinery and reser voirs. He also stated that plans were now ill course of preparation to enable tenders to lie called for machinery and pumping gear, and in so far as bis department was con cerned no unnecessary delay would take placf. _ . The Engineer-in-Chief arrived m U agua Wa^'ga on Wednesday, and in company with Mr. James, tbe Mayor aud Chairman of ti e Works Committee inspected the proposed site for machinery and also for reservoirs, and inspected the bank of the river for some distance. Mr Moriarty stated he fully approved of the site for machinery and pumping gear as selected by Mr James; be «? did not think a more suitable place could have been selected. He dccided to place the reservoirs lower down the hill to avoid the unnecessary expense before mentioned. The site now proposed by Mr. Moriarty is fully 150 feet above the town, and will throw water fully 70 feet above any building at present in the t ownsbip. Mr. Moriarty's attention was also drawn to the fact that certain large .trees had been washed into the centre of the river in some places between Narandera and Wagga Wagga, impeding navigation. Mr. Moriarty said be had had 6omc information on the ^ matter, aud had requested tho gentleman in N charge of the snagging party on the river to send some of the party to look into the matter, and remove any trees creating temporary obstruction. I regret that I was unable to obtain assist ance in Sydney fioin the honourable member for the district 011 account of his severe illness. Mr. Alderman Mair, who went to Sydney with me, and would have lent bis valuable assistance, was compelled to return hurriedly to Wagga W.igL'a, owing to family illness. — Yours respectfully, H. Berkeley Friv. uaudinue, Mayor. December ]S, 1 87!'. Tiie Mathe Taylor Co.mi'ANY. — The Mattie Taylor Company, which is highly spoken of in the towns already visited, appears at the Masonic Hall, to-night, in aid of the funds of the Wagga Hospital. Tbe chief attraction is ' Mattie,' a young lady of about eight years, who, in addition to great versatility, performs with an intelligence far beyond her years. The Bakkk 'Parro'I1.' — 111 last issue au accident which occurred lieir Moorong to the b:u' ;L* Parrot, in tow of tbe steamer Platypus, was reported. Oil Wednesday last the barge was got alloat again and taken down the river. Sr. John's Church. — Wc have been re iiue^ted to stito that in conscqucncc of tho departure of the Veil. Archdeacon l'ownall to Goullmrn, where he will assist at an ordination ceremony, there will be 110 service at St. John's Church to-morrow. Rkoistiiation of Clergyman. — The Rev. George Wilson Adam, of the Presbyterian ; Church, Urana, has been registered lor the solemnisation of marriages. Ti!ANRrr.ii of Licen.sk. — At a special I Court of Petty Sessions held yesterday, the Police Magistrate and Mr. L. Fosbery, J.P., prodding, a transfer of license was granted for the Railway Terminus Hotel from J. J. Ryan to Thomas M'Dermott. , A Bolt. — A horse h irnesjed to a milk cart., the oronortv nf Mr. (Visn. United in Newtown yesterday r.ioniiu:', passing at full gallop down 1'aylis-street across the lagoon bridge aud turning round the Bank of New South Wales corner, made aloug Jonstonc street for the river bank. John O'Neil, groom nt the Criterion Hotel, who was driving a bugyy at the time, witnessed the holt, and gave chase, coining up with the runaway just at the water's edge, where the animal j.uiled up without doing any damage to itself or the cart. j 'Takk- ai.i,' and Thistles. — Enquiries | have been directed to us respecting tbe best ' preventive of tbe uow well-Unoivn pest 'take- j all,' and the cure for thistles. For the former, rotation of crops is, we believe, recommended. 1 There is a not uncommon impression that j thistles if left to themselves will die out, and ' this is borne out by the spontaneous dis appearance of the wTeed in places where they were known to flourish luxuriantly. The usual mode of extripation adopted is to cut the thistles just as the seed vessel forms, otherwise the seeil will mature iu spite of the cutting down. We shall be happy to receive from our agricultural readers any practical suggestions upon both subjects — especially 1 from those who have had experience of ! 'take- all.' Hay and Stiiaw Railway Rates.— -We have received the new railway rates for hay and straw, which is £4 18s 2d for the former, and i'3 ISs Oil for the latter, from South k Wagga. In referring to this subject,' Messrs. 1 Hal!, Prince and Co., produce merchants, of Sydney, write : — ' This, if carricd into effect, means the entire exclusion of all hay aud straw beyond the mountains, as the rates I are calculated at SJ tons for hay and 3 tons tor straw, weiglit that is almost impossible to place on the trucks. ' Obituary. — Our readers will hear with regret of the death of Mr. George Wildman, who for a number of years has been au esteemed resident in the town, and for some little time past has filled a seat iu the Borough Council. For some time past he had been 111 a critical condition, but it was hoped that he was recovering. He died iu Hay 011 Wed-' nesday. At a late hour last evening the intelligence of the death of Mr. Wm. Hayes reached us. Mr. Hayes resided in this dis trict a few years ago, when he went into pastoral pursuits in' Queensland. He had been in failing health for some time previous to his death. The Waterworks.— Mr. Moriarty, En gineer-in-Chief for Harbours and Rivers, arrived iu Wagga on Wednesday last, and accompanied by Mr. James, visited the site proposed for waterworks by the last-named gentleman. The result will be found iu the Mayor's report to the Borough Council above. Professor Pepfeu.— The visit of the well known ProfeBsor Pepper naturally created a large amount of iuterest in Wagga, not only amougst the scientifically disposed, but also those who accept the excusable view that the genial old gentleman, whose acquaintance many of us made years ago at tho Poly, technic, is of the ' Illusionist ' order.' The weather was decidedly against a full liou=e aud fortunately, probably for those who ad tended— though from a business, as well as scientific, standpoint the Professor doubtless held a different opinion, the oppressiveness of the atmosphere on both evenings kept a number of people away. The Masonic Hall was but moderately filled, but the lecturer was listened to attentively throughout, and the beautiful experiments with which he illustrated his subjects were much admired. Some disappointment was expressed at the absence of the celebrated ?' Ghost,' but the manufacture of th@ shadow requires tlie carnage of niucli heavy substance. Pro lessor Pepptr gave bis lectures in that popular style with which he has become ,0 thoroughly identified, aud was frequently anil loudly applauded in the course of their delivery. At the conclusion of each evening's entertainment a series of dissolving views was exhibited — oil Wednesday illustrating fiiiHal machines, aud on Thursday the Zulu war. Narandera. — From Narandera wo leavn tlintan amateur concert was given on Monday . last in aid of tho Cliurcl) of England building I fund, and passed oil very successfully, the attendance being excellent, and the pro gramme rendered effectively. The vocalists were Mrs. Kngar, Misses Phillips, L. Phillips, and Harold, Messrs. A Devlin, Bowes, Tcvclin, linear, and West, Piano forte solos were given liy Mrs. Monash and Miss Berthon, in addition to a duet (piano and violin) by Mrs. King and Mr. Tcvelin. Two glees were given by tbe company. A very pleasant entertainment was brought to a conclusion by the National Anthem — An nccideut of an unpleasant character occurred on Monday niglit lo Mr. \V. G. El win, who with his wife and child, was going home after the concert. The horses shied, and brought the bugcv acainst a stump. The vehicle was capsized, and Mrs. Elwiu sus tained some painful injuries, but from which she is now rapidly recovering.— On Sunday afternoon Mr. F. Seymour met with an acci dent which resulted in the death of a valu able mare. He was riding near the town, and the mare placed her foot in an old post hole, falling aud breaking lier neck. Beyoud a few slight braises, M r. Seymour was fortu nately unhurt. Wholesale Wool-stealing. — A Burrowa telegram to the S. M. Herald states that lately, a large number of sheep have been mysteriously and feloniously shorn. About ten days ago the police received information that 74 sheep had heeu stoleu from a settler Earned Mrs. Corcoran, near Burrowa. Ou searching a suspected place the police found a newly shorn lamb, hidden under a cask, aud about 70 shorn sheen blocked in a Had dock, but no wool. On Wednesday morning, at half-past 3, Senior-sergeant Hitch and Constable Chappie found a pack of wool of about 35 sheep hiddeu in a paddock, at an equal distance from the residence of the suspected people. Both settlers were ar rested, and brought up at the Police Court to day. They were remanded till Monday next. Scotch College.— In the prize-last of the Scotch College, Melbourne, we find the name of Master E. Shaw (a son of Mr. Shaw, of Gurwood-street, Wagga,) figuring promi nently. In addition to being dux of his class, for gaining which enviable position he was presented with a prize of £5 5s. in books (the gift of Mr. E. A. Wynne), he took the first prizes in the fourth class for English and Mathematics. Master Shaw only left the Wagga Public School last Christmas, and he then gained a medal for Mathematics. The body of the young man who was killed at the Croydon railway station on Tuesday, 1 y jumping off a train iu motion, has been identified (says the S. M. Hcrabl) as that of M 'Cheyne Learmonth, a son of the late Mr. AlexaBdcrLearroonth. As we stated, the unfortunate youth, intending to go to Ashfield, by mistake got into a train that did not stop at that station. After finding his mistake out, he resolved to alight on the Croydon platform, and it was whilst in the act of doing this that he fell between the train aud the platform and was killed, liis body being fearfully mangled. Much sym pathy isfeltforthe relatives of the unfortunate ' youth. At the inquest a verdict of accidental death was returned. The land district of Forbes lias been sub divided. One portion of it will henceforth be known as the 'District of Parkes.' A supplement to the Government Gazette, pub lished on Wednesday, contains a notification which defines the limits and areas of both districts. Appended to the notification is a schedule which specifics the lauds con ditionally purchased at the Forbes land office, which are uow comprised within the District i of Parkes. P A Cootamundra telegram states that a very large and enthusiastic meeting was held at Norton's Hotel, licthungra, on Tuesday night, when Constable Wiles was presented with a handsome chain aud medal, in recognition of the tact and bravery exhibited by him during the engagement with the busli ! rangers at M'Glede's farm. An address was read by Mr. G. W. Horn, and letters were read from [sir Henry 1'arkes, trom the Mayor of Sydney, and from Mr. Fosliery. To the credit of the Cootamundra police, it may he said that Constables Simes and Mackintosh rode 40 miles in three hours aud a half at the time of the outrage, hut were half au hour late to share in the honour. Here is ' an interesting question (says Figaro ) for the casuists of Youug Men's Mutual Improvement Associations and De bating Clubs : — Should the Two-headed Nightingale be charged as one or two persons iu a hotel bill? The question was argued out the other day between Mr. Welch, her — or their — manager, and Mr. Hanak, of the International Hotel, Richmond. Welch wanted her charged as one boarder, while Ilanak insisted on considering her two separate persons. ' She's got two mouths,' said Mr. Hanak. ' But only one stomach,' replied Welch. 'Of course I don't care so much for the expense— it's the principle of the tbiug I am after. If you charge her double rates people will say she is two women, and consequently a fraud. 1 don't want my show discredited in that way.' 'Two mouths to feed,' insisted Mr. Hanak. 'But you overlook the one- stomach propo sition — bear that in mind. Two souls with but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one— eh ?' This last remark was to6 much for the proprietor, and be charted them on his books as one person. ' I'll do it this time,' he said, 'to avoid dispute; but in ^ future these double people will be charged double rates. I notice that two porter-house steaks, vanish into tint double-headed female {after than one gets into any of the boarders. But I'll let it go this time.' We have receive) tlie report ot the Department of Mines for 1878. It is a rntlior bulky volume, remark ably well printed, and contains upwnnls of fifty diugrains, illustrative of tlie various coal seams in tho colony; together with a gcolorfcal map of tlie town and neighbourhood of Yoiin^, slioivinj: the alluvial and granite formations. The tables of mineral statistics. ne exhaustive, weJI-jirraMtfcd. J'l addition to reports from the Geological Surveyor (-Mr. C. S. Wilkinson, F.G.S.), Mr. I/niKiiit Youiijr, F.G.S., and Mr.. R. Etheridfe, F.G.S. There is a valuable paper upon 'The Tertiary Flora of New South Wales,' by Baron Mueller. The detailed reports of the Wardens and Mining Registrars are also kIvou i' the work. Tiif. ltluxtrated A uthaaan Xetes for the current month is in all respccls an excellent number. In addition to a Christmas supplement it contains a larure coloured engraving entitled The Hnmc of the Lync Bird.' A slightly injudicious bleii'.lin? of colours in the latter renders it leas effective than it might other wise have been. Tho ordinary engravings ore all re markably good, and eoiniiare most favourably with the boat of kindred productions iu the old country. We liave received lloorc's A Imanac for 18S0, which contains' its usual amount of vnluahle information ; we have also received a very handsomely coloured calendar from Mr. C. Corthorn— tho subject of the latter being ?' Our Home Pets.' 