WORK AND WAGES IN THE OLD COUN'lItY. Bixctt the failure of the Gla-gow Bank at the beginning of October, some forty firms have announced their suspension. The whole of these are not due to the Itanlc failure ; in a few cases involving large sums, the suspen sion, which it is believed was inevitable, bad no connection with that institution. Still the majority have been brought: down by the col laose of the City Haul:, and the iota! amount thus invoi ed is very great. The until jll'e oral dept sion in hade 3d per day. 12J~per cent, to 7 jjaer cent. 20 per cent. 10 per cent. Is per week. Id per hour. ko ami (11 ucinuyr toieign policy of ■ennm'nt. i- to icbi.-e wages and inrmv vorkinen out of employment. This is indeed going on to a ruinous extent, ns the following imperfect list of reductions in wages in various industries already intimated will in Clyde Shipbuilders. 7} per cent. Edinburgh masons ... ... Id per hour. Edinburgh joiners ... ... *d per hour. Dalk,cith ironworkers ... 10 percent. Baillie.-'on miners. lid per week. Shot'ts ironworkers. 10 per cent. Penny ironworkers... ... — Merry & Cunninghiime’s • tradesmen . 10 per cent. Merry and Cuninghatue's miners. (id per day. Merry and Cuninghame’s furnaecmen ... ... Is per dny. Merry and Cuninghame’s labourers- ... ... Is per week. Overwood Quarrymen ... Id per hour. Aberdeen carpenters ... )d per hour. Kirkcaldy ma«ons ... ... Id per hour, r.eith unisons ... ... Id per hour. Kilsyth miners ... 7d to 7d per day. Dalsi-rf miners ... 2s to 3s per week. Kent and Sussex agricul tural labourers Northumberland miners ( hours of labor in creased one hour per day) . Miners in North Wiles ... Hanton Miners Cumberland coal miners ... Blackburn ironfounders ... Liverpool joiners, brick layers, masons, plas terers, and plumbers (masons and plasterers to work 55 hours) The master joiners of Kelso have agreed that the wages per hour should be G.jd in stead of 7d after the 2nd of November. The Operative Masons’ Association, who have their funds locked up in the City Bank, are negotiating with the Associated Carpen ters and Joineis of Scotland for a loan of £10,000, to resist the recent reduction of wages intimated bytne employers. The journeymen masons employed in For far came out oil strike on Saturday. The employers gave them notice that they were to reduce the rate ot wages from 7,Jd per hour to GAd per hour, and also that their wages would be henceforth paid fortnightly in place of weekly as hitherto. To these changes the men demur, hence the strike. There is a considerable amount of building going on in Forfar at present. A meeting of the Arbroath manufacturers was held in the Council Chamber. Arbroath, on Monday afternoon, at which it was re solved to make the following reductions in wages :—.Spinners. Gd : men, is ; weavers, >d per bolt : hacklcrs. lAd per cwt. The other hands will be proportionally reduced. Inti mation of the reduction will be posted in the various works on Thursday first, and the re duced rate will come into operation on the Thursday following. The reduction will amount on an average to f> per cent. 'The short time movement is generally ex tending in Burnley. There will be alto gether not less than 3.70,000 spindles on short time, or between G0O0 and 7000 looms. In addition to the miMs already announced as being on short time in Burnley is to be added that of Valley and I’omfret's, with 13,700 spindles, and Mr Hardman’s looms number nearly-.400. Mr AV. AVaudington, P.iclisliaw, is also running short time. In several oases both spindles and looms are stopped alto gether for an indefinite period. A notice lias been posted this week in Messrs Hull, Bussell, and Co.’s shipbuilding card, Aberdeen, intimating that a reduction of 2s on tradesmen and Is on labourers per week is to be made. We understand that other firms at the harbor and in the city have made similar intimations. Several shipbuilding firms on the Clyde received intimation on Monday from the Ironworkers' Society that the boilermakers and iron shipbuilders intended withdrawing their men whenever the 7A per cent, reduc tion was enforced. This resolution busied to the workmen in five establishments coming out on strike ; and to-day (Saturday) .Messrs John Elder and Co. were to ray otf 1200 of their men. Trade in Arbroath continues in a depressed stale, There is a great deal of machinery standing, and weekly it is being added to. A number of looms and a corresponding amount of spinning machinery have been put otf at one of tte works this week, and in con sequence a large number of the workpeople have been discharged. There is an expecta tion that several of the works may by v,ui upon short time. Speaking on depression cf trade at a meet ing of the Social Congress held at Cheltenham Mr Chadwick, M.P., said that he glanced c,t the general position of the revenue, ex penditure, and trade of the nation, and took the imports and exports of the United King dom during the Inst fifteen years, and showed that there had beeti an increase in the value of imports of 1-I5J millions sterling, an in crease in the exports of. British produce in the tea years from 1SG3 to 1373 of 1081 millions sterling, and a decrease-in the ex ports of British produce in the four years from 1S73 to 1877 of 5G] millions, sterling, whilst in the same four years the value of imports had increased no less than 23 millions. The causes of tlie'depression of trade which ensued after 1S73, and which had increased yearly till the present comparative paralysis of 1878, were childly owing to jl) the three bad harvests since 1871, which Mr Cairdhad estimated bad caused a loss of S71 millions sterling ; (2) the famine in India and China, and the fall in prices and consequent unpro fitable trade with these countries ; (3) foreign competition, especially by the United States, with the heavy protective duties that country had put oil certain goods : (1) the diminished demand of India for English cotton by the erection of mills in India ;• (5) the opening out of a large number of new coal pits, the erection of ironworks, and- the fear arising from the possibility of tho war between Hussia and Turkey involving England and other European uountri.es ; and- (finally) tho recurrence of the decimal cycle of bad trade which had gone on for 150 years. His re medies for the removal of the depression were—greater economy in national and local expenditure, and a greater oeonomy in the expenditure an intoxicating liquors, estimated at 155 millions sterling ; the reduction of the cost of production ; the removal of restriction on trade ; the security of peace with all tho world ; and the placing of great restrictions upon Joint Stock Companies, by preventing their beginning business until two-thirds of capital is subscribed, and a periodical exaini nation of their accounts. Professor Huxley, speakiug.it Manchester, said he did not believe in the natural decay of nation :, anti was inclined to think that theory was invented by cowards to excuse knaves. His belief, so far as the old English stock was concerned, was that it had as much vitality and power as two centuries ago, and that after pruning and weeding we should get products as good ns we lnid had before The weeds he recognised were three—dis honesty, sentimentality, and luxury. The celebrated Dr Adam Smith, who was a very logical thinker, hearing liis servant complain of a pain in the small of his back, said to him, “ The pain, John, is not in your back, it is in your mind.” *• Deed, sir,” re plied John, “■ gif ye’ll tak’ it oot o’ urn hack, and pit it into mn mind, I’se be singularly obleeged to ye.” A donkey dead from natural causes is never seen ; but one is announced to have given up the ghost through the effects of an accident.—In, a letter dated " Castle Wemyss, Sept. 20-,” Lord Sbaftsbnry announces to liis costermonger friends in Golden Lane, London, that the donkey which they pre sented to him some time back is dead. “ I am grieved to tell you,” says his Lordship, “ that1 Coster’ is no more. He broke' away one day from ihe stable, and made a dash for the yrddock. In doing so he fell and smashed his tlrgh. The veterinary surgeon was sent for, who prononneed him insurable, and advised that he should be put out of his pains. The friendly and, useful oveaturc was buried wi*h all the honours in a place I have within a thick plantation, where the p?t (logs, horses, kc., that have served the family and deserved our gratitude are gather ed together. Bemember me very warmly to my brother costermongers, their wives and their children,” 