ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, &c.; The Bishop of Adelaide confirmed some 40 or 50 persons at the Port Adelaide Church on Sunday afternoon, July 20. A single woman named Ann Parish, was confined of twins in Hindmarsh-square on Mon day, July 21. As soon as her condition was ascertained she was taken to the Destitute Asylum. Seven colliers who were recently fauried in a mine near Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania, . were rescued unharmed after five and a half days' imprisonment. They subsisted on the flesh of an imprisoned mule. The rescuers worked steadily day and night, constructing' a arm i,2uu leet long to extricate teem. ' A paragraph has appearedin our shipping columns stating that' some uneasiness was . caused by the non- appearance of the schooner : Windward, 49 tons, which left the Mersey, Tas . mania, for Lacepede Bay a few weeks back. On Tuesday morning letters were received by -Messrs. Wicksfceed& Co., of the Port, accounting .- for the absence of the schooner by stating that . she got on the rocks at the Hummocks on July : 2 and became a total wreck. :. : f A writer in Mayfcrir, in discussing the subject of the existence of ghosts, relates an ex : tradrdinary story, which he says hasnotonly male \- him believe in ghosts ever since he heard it, but \- inake6 him quake at the thought of them. ? Here is the story: — A young Frenchman who ' tad lost his betrothed on the eve of marriage ?believed he saw her every night in her bridal 'L -dress. His friends to show him the^folly of his \- belief dressed a twin isister of the deceased in a '-ires8 precisely similar and placed her at the \- 'head t-f 'the widowed bridegroom's bed exactly '' at the hour the spirit came. ' He looked up, and crying out,-4* Ah dell en voiladeux!' fell back dead on his pillow. 'The fatal accident which occurred during a: football match at Talbot formed the ; subject of a magisterial enquiry,' the Clnnes Guardian states, 'when Mr/ C. W. Carr, P.M., took evidence as to the circumstances which attended -the death of Bobert Crooks, aun. A number of witnesses were examined, and although searching questions were asked by ; seme of the Jurymen as to the manner in which ? the game was played, all the evidence went to prove that the sad occurrence was purely acci dental, and that no greater roughness than ap pears to be inseparable from the game was used by either side. The Jury returned a verdict of accidental death.' The Northern Argus is informed hy Inspector Saunders that he had known Baker, the person who was found dead in the Hill Stiver Plantation on Saturday, July 12, for a number of years. The Inspector, while on his way to the Burra on April 24, met Baker about . two miles from the place where the body was found. He said that he had travelled from the Burra and was going to Clare. He appeared to be in good spirits. The deceased purchased a bottle containing two ounces of laudanum from Mr. Wilkinson, chemist, of the Burra, on April 23\. He was at one time an assistant of Mr. Harrison, storekeeper, Melrose. Since than he bad been for some years on Kangaroo Ieland. * Several fatal accidents having occurred to children recently through water tanks being ? left uncovered, it is to be hoped,*' says the Wal '- i iaroo Times of July 23, ' that more caution will ' 'he exercised by parents to avert xsalamities of '- the kind. A few days ago another loss of life \- : 'very -nearly happened from the same cause. Mrs. Polkinghorne, who besides near. May and -; *RH^nfsrf&undry;, had just drawn some water aitdtakeniit into ithe house when she heard the. ^ 'icreams fcf -a child, and rushing to the tank, v -found' #iiifc her little boy ^ had fallen into the '-'^ater.-'-lier cries for assistance were fortu-. ?' i Safely heard- by' Mr. Maher,' who was .passing at '- the time ; jmd, as the tank was nearly full of :':-' 'watery he was able to; reach the child, whose ° dothes probably daused4t to float on the sur ' i face'. 'Had only the delay ofr a if few «econds :;;;:feilen place, in all probability the child-would ' ''imv^perls'hfea:'' y ? --^ *?-'? :??'-*., .-.._. ? V--k Ai/Jcciaeiit occiirte^ 'on; 'Tfiursday' ; T«raswpg^ July 17, in. Kapund^,, ^rojAgh the ' ': cafe^s ose of « pistel; which n}ightf; have been !^1.^ten-^iwi& much more' serious cbUsequences. ?w ' than .-|-$s -$fee .-case. The Jpcal ' paper states ', that early in the evening of the above day the two Misses Pollard were standing talking with others in Mildred-street, near their residence, when Mr. Thomas Nicholas's son; a youth of about 17 or 18 years of age, came out of his : house, and after informing the young ladies that ; he had got two pistols, fired one (accidentally, no doubt) in the face of Miss Mora Pollard. Fortunately there was only powder in the pistol, but still it was fired so close to Miss Pollard's ? face that some of the grains of powder entered tbe skin and one of the eyes. Dr. Hamilton is attending the sufferer, and it is believed no per manent injury will result, but it was a very narrow escape of Miss Pollard losing her eye sight.' Some few days ago, says the *8outh Sastern Star, Corporal Field received from Mr, Kabat, Superintendent of the Victorian police, a number of receipts and cheque-book on one of our local Banks, with information that they had been found on the person of a man calling himself John fiobb, who had died at a small township near Sale, in Gippsland, and had been 1 buried at Government expense. He recognised the documents as being the property of John' Wilson',. an individual who disappeared from. Mount Gambier in March last under somewhat suspicious circumstances, and on enquiry ascer- ' tained that there was still a small balance re maining in the Bank referred to to Wilson's1 credit. There is no doubt of the identity of Wilson with tbe deceased Bobb. Wilson will be remembered as a liverystable-keeper ini Mount Gambier, and there may be some who' will hear of his death with regret. A wholesale robbery took place either, on Wednesday night, July 23, or early on Thurs- . day mornirgat the shop of Mr. C. ELaliman, | corner of Gresham and Hindley-streets. The! shop is a lock-np one, and Mr. Hallman informs ns that he left it perfectly safe on Wednesday evening, the shop door being secured with an '? ordinary lock and a strong padlock. On one of Mr. Hallman'8 workmen going to the shop next morning he was surprised to find the shop door open. On an examination being made it; was found that the padlock was clean j gone, and that the. other lock had been picked and an entrance, so effected.! The burglar or burglars had evidently been; in a hurry, as several lockets and other, articles of jewellery were found scattered about; the floor. They seemed to have been aware of! the place where Mr* Hallman kept the most, valuable portion of his stock, as the shop front j was stripped of a large number of gold and silver batches, chains, lockets, rings, brooches,; and Other articles, which Mr. Hallmaa valued1 at£2.000. Mr. John Pearce, of Aberdeen, furnishes^ the Burra Record with the following particulars; of an adventure he had on Thursday, July 17. He was on his way, in company with a lad in a spring-cart, to Gum Oreek, and when past! Ooppefhouse was warned that a mad cow wasj about which would attack him, and that a man was out trying to shoot her. Having a gun: with him in the cart he went on, and presently! saw the cow coming to meet him. He fired,1 and she turned and then came back and charged! the horse, fortunately striking the collar. Such; was the force of the. blow that the horn was; broken off at its base;. The next charge was atj the. cart, which she attempted to mount, but was«gain fired at by both Mr. Pearce and the other pers»n, hue it was not until an Enfield rifle had been obtained and four ballets lodged in the brute that she was killed. The fight lasted two or three hours,- and fortunately ter minated without injury to the persons engaged in it, though they had to fly from the animal several times to escape her fury ? An accident, which might have been attended with very serious consequences, oo4 curred on the Port Augusta and Government Gums Bail way on Tuesday night, July 15. 'Itj appears/* says the Port Augusta Dispatch, ' thai; a teamster named James Smith was on his way from Port Augusta to Quorn, and when near the point at which the line crosses the Saltia road, a short distance from the foot of the hills, either; Smith or bis horses made a mistake in the route to be passed, and instead of remaining on the track, headed towards the railway line. Just then an engine with some trucks attached came along, but fortunately the engine driver noticed something wrong about 50 yards ahead! He sounded the danger whistle, reversed the engine, and put on both breaks. Smith ot his horses must have got bewildered, for instead of getting off the line there the team stuck. The measures taken by the engine- driver, however, were so effective that the train was all but stopped when it reached Smith's team. The leading -horse was knocked aside and bruised a little, and the shafts of the waggon smashed, but luckily nothing more serious occurred. Had the engine-driver not been carefully on the lookout the chances are that Smith and all the horses would have been killed, the waggon smashed, and probably the train thrown off the line.' The following paragraph referring tb the disappearance of an old resident of Poet Pirie is taken from the local paper of July 19 : — 'Mr. John McDonald, who was better kaown about the Port as * Old Jock,' has been missing since Saturday evening last. On that evening he was seen to leave the Queen's. Wharf ia his punt for his hat, which is situated in the man groves on the eastern bank of the stream, and has not been seen or heard of since. . Next morning his boat was found drifted ashore near Garlick's Brewery, while the unfortunate man's hat and a , thwart of the boat were picked up opposite the Police Station. There can be no doubt but that McDonald is drowned, as he was a little the worse for liquor when he started for his hut. It is surmised that his oar slipped from his hand while sculling, and that he so became, overbalanced, falling overboard, and at the same time one leg became entangled and so wrenched out the thwart. Mr. McDonald was aboatbuilder,and an old resident of Port Pi«'ie, ?where , he was well known and respected.' He was about 55 years of age, but we cannot ascer tain whether he had any wife or family. The police and others have dragged every part of the stream and searched the banks, but caanot find any trace of the missing man.' ' A serious affray with natives ihear Mait land is thus referred to by our correspondent at that place : — ' On Saturday night, July 19, our usually orderly township was thrown into a state of excitement by a report that the natives camped at North Maitland were all drunk, and that Trooper Dowleans had been nearly killed by them. It appears that at about 6 o'clock Dr. Engelhardt, near whose residence the natives were camped, became alarmed at the unusual noises they were making, and sent for the trooper, who went to the place accompanied by Messrs. Carter and Jas. Hawse. Trooper Dow leans, in trying to arrest one of the natives, was severely handled, and would undoubtedly have been killed had it not been for James Hawse. Waddies and large stones were used, .and the natives (two men and two women) fought like fiends. Carter was knocked down insensible by a blow from a stone on tbe back of bis head. Trooper Dowleans, who behaved pluckily throughout, was also knocked down, severely bitten on one leg and one hand, and sustained some frightful braises on the face and head. The three white men returned to the township for assistance,but poor Dowleans was thoroughly incapacitated. His wounds were dressed by Dr. Engelhardt, Garter's wound being attended to by Dr. Brown.: Mr. H. Lamshed, J.P., then organised a party of men to so to the camp and arrest the natives, but on arriving there only the two women could be found, who were at once secured and locked up. They divulged the name of the white man who supplied them with liquor, and , on his being confronted with the women he confessed his guilt. He is now in custody. Trooper Gleeson and Sergeant Cock, of Moonta, and ktwo others were out all day on Sunday in search of the two black men, but have not yet succeeded in arresting them. Trooper Dowleanb's wounds1 are serious, and it will be at least a month before he can resume duty. The person, who supplied them wijih liqnor.is, I understand, a stranger looking for work,' 'On Monday the two women were fcrpugftt before the Magistrates at . Maitland, and sent to gaol, for a fortnight for drunken ness. The man who supplied the drini was fined £10, and, in default of payment, ordered to be imprisoned for three months. As soon as , the blackfellows are arrested they, with the ; women, will be charged with assaulting Trooper Dowleans. ? ? i 'The notoriety of Andrew G. Scott,; alias Captain Moonlite, one of the most daring , criminals in Victoria, appears likely,' says thei' Melbourne Age of July 18, 'to increase. His' criminal career commenced with the Egerton ! Bank robbery, for which he was convicted., Then followed nis escape from prison and arrest at Sandhurst. Whilst undergoing the punish ment in Pentridge which his crimes deserved he proved himself to be a dangerous and disorderly prisoner. Scott being a clever and an educated ? man, it was hoped after his discharge from' Pentridge that he would lead a better life,; but it was found that he still associated with criminals he had known whilst in gaol. Iu : consequence he was closely watched by the; police, and on the night of the 10th insfc. it is' alleged he visited the Williamstown battery,: where prisoners are cenfined. An old com-; panion of Scott's, a desperate and resolute: fellow named Johnson, was there, and Scott,; breaking a window, offered him a revolver and! called upon, him to escape, but the warders were, armed, and Scott and his three companions' made off. Warrants were at once issued for his' apprehension for a breach of the gaol regula tions. Scott, with one of his companions, a cri minal named Jas. Lyons, alias Nesbitt, who has' only recently undergone a sentence of four years' imprisonment for assault and robbery,' were traced to Buninyong, and yesterday they: gave themselves into the custody of the! Clunes police. He will be brought to| Melbourne forthwith to answer the charge' of attempting to rescue a prisoner, but it may be that a far more serious charge will be preferred against him. The mysterious death of the late Mr. F. M. Bates is fre'sh in the iremory of the public, and it is almost unneces sary to explain that it was discovered, when the' deceased gentleman was found dead, that he. had been robbed ; also that a strange man had; been seen dogging his steps in the direction; where the1x-dy was subsequently found. Scott! may or may not be the man who was seen fol lowing the deceased, but at present he is sus -pected, and the grounds for the suspicions are' these:— On the night on which the late Mr. Bates was last seen alive he visited one of the leading hotels in the -city- and it is stated on geod authority that Captain Moonlite was also, present. Mr. Bates left; and was next seen by Mr. Pattersou and'Mis8 Mclnerney, who saw the' stranger who was following him . A lady in to era, for reasons of her own, on Wednesday caused the detectives to induce Miss Mclnerney and Mr. Pattison to look at the portrait in prison dress of Scott. They inspected it separately,* and .both were struck with the resemblance it; bore to the man they had seen with the late Mr. Bates. These are the reasons which have led to the recently-formed suspicions. It may very possibly be that Scott is' perfectly innocent of robbing. Mr. Bates, but Miss Mclnerney and Mr.: Pattison are perfectly confident that if he 1b the man who was last seen with the deceased they! will identify him both by his appearance and his voice. In connection with the offence upon which he is at present arrested it may be men4 tioned that ' Scott and his companion were known to possess two revolvers when they disr appeared. These revolvers were disposed of by! them soon afterwards, and are now in the pos* session of the police. It is expected that their confederates will be arrested to-day.' ; The following interesting extracts from a1 private letter, dated 11th Jane, that has been' kindly lent to us, give a vivid idea of the ravages of that terrible Eastern malady cholera among the British troops engaged in the Afghan war : — ** Just a few lines to let you know that t am still alive, and thankful to say well. A f eW day a after arriving here some 300 of our fellows bad a brush with the Mohmunds (Afghans) and our casualties were five wounded and two brutally butchered. This wasnota heavy loss coa-f sidering 2,000 of the enemy were supposed to be engaged. This occurred on the 22nd April^ and since then, although we have been con-f stantly expecting to be attacked, nothing further in the shape of fighting has been donet Our late warfare (peace has been declared) has; been waged with an enemy far stronger than the Ameer, viz., cholera, and considering the terrible disease we have had to fight againstj, our losses have been few. We have lost on an average one man per diem for the last five weeks. Our last death occurred but a few hours since, and the victim will soon be carried to that bourne of which we all know!. Fear, I fancy, has in a great measure aided tbe epidemic, added to the annoyance bur men have been subjected to in not being able to go into the field (actual fighting) (through there being no enemy to fight that we could find, and also through having to do doable the duty of a regiment almost as strong as us. From being the healthiest regiment in India we are rapidly degenerating into one of the sickliest. Other battalions, &c.;, have suffered equally as much, but we, of course, do not feel it, through not being acquainted with those who depart. Had it not been for the very great exertions made for. the benefit ef the battalion ,by the surgeon in charge, we should, in my opinion, have suffered terrible losses, for our firsjt camp was unwittingly pitched upon a plot of ground that had been used by the late Ameer as the burial-ground of some 20p men who had died of cholera, and had it not been for the exertions I have, spoken of, and the discovery that the place had been used as a cemetery, very few of the 12th would have been left to return to the homes of their fathers. Our camp was moved on Queen's Birthday to the top of a large hill ; and it is noticeable to any one with a little brains that there is a vast dif ference for the better in the appearance of the men, although the duty is still very heavy indeed on them, but they are very much more cheerful than during our stay in the camp lately .vacated, by vus. I hope for the sake of the poor j fellows that we shall soon quit this -place for some healthy station in India, for I was always boasting of the health and strength of the battalion. * Let not tike strong man,'.&c.; Prior to leaving the camp I had .occasion to go to the hospital early one morning, and a man (I should say as healthy a one as stood in the British army) with whom i I had been talking a little while before— and he to all appearance in perfect health — came to that institution, and in two hoars yr&s; dead, and in three was sleeping in the grave. So it has been all the last five or six weeks. You are. or have been, in conversation with a man vwhen the first dinner bugle sounds, and before the second, or ' pick-'em-up,' goes be has been hur ried eff to the hospital, and quickly after you are ordered to attend his funeral. The men were continually exempted from attending the interment of their comrades, none but the officers and color- sergeant being allowed to be present.' 