English Mail England.— When the last mail left the shores of Great Britain the- 'season' was over, and as many as could were enjoying ?.?;? their autumn holiday — if enjoyment were possible under wet and wintry skies, with the prospect of a terribly deficient harvest and' hard times' for all classes staring the country in the face. Church news of such character as usually finds a place in our monthly resume' is, therefore, very scanty and of little general riAnnovn TTnrla-n flincjo ni vrmmaf mi n»a 'if. i« n. mni.f.RV of inrnfmV ence where we begin our brief and uneventful chronicle. A speech delivered' by the Hon. Hugh Childers, M.P., at Knot tingley, a sniall town in the West Riding of Yorkshire, presents some points of interest to those among us Avho see causes for anxiety as to the future of the Church of England. The speech was delivered at a public meeting in connection with the re opening of a Church. Mr. Childers is a politician of high stands ing and influence, and we are pleased to observe that he speaks with approval of the Bill drafted by Convocation, which proposes to give to that body a certain amount of freedom in dealing with the internal affairs of the Church — the re-arrangement of services, the alteration and modification of rubrics, and other matters which would in no way interfere with the general rela tions between the Church and the State. We gave a brief sketch of the contents of this Bill in our issue for October. Mr. Childers truly points out that of late a deeper interest has been taken than formerly in Church organisation. Convocation is a reality, and in almost every diocese there is some kind of diocesan assembly, in which clergy and laity meet for the discussion of Church questions. Has not the time come, he asks, when this informal diocesan organisation might be reduced to formal shape ; when something like a Constitution for the Church might be framed which should enable it to manage its own domestic affairs, and so relieve the Imperial Parliament from its present anomalous position as the supposed representative of the Church's laity 'I He claims, in fact, for- the Church of Eng land the same liberty which has always been exercised by'i the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Establishment in Scotland. Other matters in relation to the Church's future are also touched upon. He would like to see her income dis tributed more equitably, so that those who did the work, and had grown grey in it, should be remunerated in proportion to what they had done, and what they had' to do. He also deprecated the scandal arising from the sale of advowsons and first pre sentations, and thought that the time was near when it should be put an end to, just as the purchase of commissions had been abolished in the army. We observe that the Spectator has com : mented favourably on Mr. Childers' remarks, specially in con inection with his proposal to give the Church greater liberty of I legislative action ; and we trust that the day is not now far distant when this measure of justice will be gladly conceded by Parlia ment, which, itself must admit, is scarcely a fit body, as at i present constituted, to debate the internal affairs of any religious communion. Our wonder is that the members of the Church have not long since used every possible effort to secure what is manifestly their right.. .The 'religious education' question is still one of the ques tions of the day even in England, where ' the secular system,' pure and simple, is almost unknown. Mr. F. Peek's Article in the Contemporary for August last has shown clearly enough that a certain amount of religious instruction is given daily in most of the board schools; but both the quantity and, we presume, also the quality of such instruction is considered by many to be far from satisfactory. Early in September a meeting was held in the City Terminus Hotel, London, to take steps for its improvement, and after some discussion, the following resolu tions were carried : — 'That it is of the highest importance that (children, of both sexes should have instilled' into their minds the ? first principles of Christian morality by means of Bible-lessons, iand that such lessons should be given in all elementary schools [throughout the kingdom.' 'That an association should be at i once formed, entitled the Christian Education League, for the jpurpose of securing the return of such candidates for school jboards as are in favour of religious education.' A preliminary 'Committee was then appointed, and a Mr. W. G. Kent was ;elected to fill the office of Secretary. ; The Church Association is unhappily not very scrupulous as to 'the means employed by its agents and supporters to ensure the ?condemnation of those Clergymen of whose ritual it disapproves. A very painful instance has occurred in connection with the iBordesley case. It appears that for the purpose of the prose icution, some profane person professed to communicate in the lOhurch, and secretly carried away the 'wafer' used for the administration of the Sacrament. It was afterwards publicly ?exhibited in Lord Penzance's Court as a proof that the bread used by the accused clergyman was neither 'the best and ipuresfc wheat bread,' nor 'such as is usual to be eaten.' We lhave no desire to defend the use of ' wafers,' but we submit that |no violation of law or custom in this direction is any excuse for so 'horrible a profanation of the Sacrament of the Body and Blood !of Christ, and that the scene which took place in Lord Penzance's Court when the consecrated element was there pro iduced, is a shame and a disgrace to all concerned, and a grievous ?scandal to all reverent-minded Churchmen. The following ip'rotest on the subject was read after the Nicene Creed by the 'Vicar of Holy Trinity, the Church where the outrage was perpetrated, on Sunday, 31st August. To the prayer with which it concludes we give our hearty assent. 'In the name of God. Amen.— I, Richard William Enraght, parish priest of this church and parish of the Holy Trinity, Bordesley, a steward of the mysteries of God, and therefore bound to protect the altar of God from profanation, having understood, by the admission of one of the parties concerned, that the Holy Sacrament has been secretly carried out of this church under the pretence of communicating, and carried about a public law court in London, exposed to common gaze and disparaging remarks, do hereby, in the presence of God and of this congregation, utter this my solemn declaration, protest, and warning : — 'I declare that I deplore with the deepest sorrow the occurrence of such profanation. But, having for more than a year past had reason to expect the possibility of its occurrence, I have been especially careful to observe the conduct of persons approaching the altar, of whose good faith I was not assured, and I cannot, therefore, feel that it has occurred through want of vigilance on my part. I- protest solemnly that such an occurrence is an out rage against God, His Church, and Christianity ; is reprobated by°eve'ry reverent mind, and ought not to be allowed to go un punished. And I warn all concerned of the sore judgment hanging over the heads of those who knowingly profane the Holy Sacrament, counting it a common thing, not discerning the Lord's Body, and guilty of the Body and Blood of the Lord. This my solemn declaration, protest, and warning I hereby put forth in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. And may God, of His mercy, bring all concerned to a better mind. Amen.' We have already called attention to the formation in London of a Church and Stage Guild, of which many leading actors and actresses and a number of prominent Clergymen have enrolled themselves members. The Guild now numbers some 280 mem bers, of whom about 130 are connected with the theatrical pro fession, and 70 are Clergymen. At the monthly meeting for September the Rev. G. Greenioood was in the chair, and a most interesting paper was read on The Theology o/ Shalcespere by the Rev. T. G. Symes. A lengthy and animated discussion followed. The subject for the October meeting is The Attitude of Society, past and present, towards the Stage, and will- be opened by a Mr. Davis, one of the lay members. Our readers will remember the suit instituted by the Vicar of Arundel against the Duke of Norfolk to recover possession of the ancient Chancel of the Parish Church, which the Duke claimed as a private Mortuary Chapel belonging to his estate. A decision was given by the Lord Chief Justice Coleridge in favour of the Duke, who has subsequently erected a stone wall in place of the iron screen which formerly divided the Chancel from the Nave of the Church. It is said that the Chancel will now be fitted up and used as a Roman Catholic Chapel. The Vicar has been assured by counsel that there is good reason to believe that Lord Coleridge's judgment would be reversed on appeal, and, with the full approval of the Bishop of the diocese, he has determined to enter an appeal accordingly. We heartily wish him success, as it seems a monstrous thing that part of one of the ancient Parish Churches of the realm should be used for the worship of the Roman schism. Another clerical conversion from Roman error has, we are glad to say, lately taken place. The Rev. J2'. J. Pare, for many years Priest-in-charge of St. Helen's R. C. Mission, at Ongar, Essex, has joined the Church. The reason for this step is his inability to accept the recent and novel additions to the Christian Religion which the Roman authorities have taken upon them to make, notably the doctrine of the Papal Infallibility. It is to be hoped that he may prove himself a devoted and faithful Clergyman in whatever sphere of duty may be found for him. 'Died, on 14th September, at Cecil House, Wimbledon, Gliarks Baring, D.D., lately Lord Bishop of Durham, aged 72.' The deceased prelate took a ' double-first' at Oxford in 1829, and was afterwards well known in London as the Incumbent of the 'Extinguisher Church,' All Souls, Langham Place. He was consecrated to the Episcopate in 1856, and translated to the See of Durham in 1861. He resigned last year. Some progress in the way of Church building, and of an increase in the numbers of the clergy, was made in the diocese during the 17 years of his administration of the see : 119 new Churches were erected, and the Clergy increased by 186. Dr. Baring was a staunch supporter of Evangelical principles, and was an earnestly religious and kindly man. But his zeal for what he believed to be true sometimes led him, as it has led other good men, into extremely harsh dealings towards those with whom he disagreed in matters of Church opinion ; and his prejudices against ornate services brought him into direct conflict with the chapter of his Cathedral Church. Fortunately for the general interests of the Diocese, his successor is a man of a more tolerant spirit and of wider sympathies. The religious condition of Germany is the subject of a very painful Article in the Contemporary for August by the Old Catholic Professor, Friedrich Von Schulte. The view he gives of the present state of Religion among the Roman Catholic population is most depressing. We regret to find that Pro testantism seems to have even less hold upon those who are nominally enrolled under its banner- A foreign corre* spondent of the Guardian, writing under date of 10th Sep tember, gives the following statistics of the Protestant body in Berlin for 1878:-— 'The proportion of baptisms to registered births is 69 '5 per cent. Fourteen per cent, of children born died unbaptised within a year of birth. The number of illegiti mate children of Protestant mothers was 5121, or as 14 '3 per cent, to the legitimate births, and not half these children were brought to baptism. Of marriages between Protestant couples only 35 per cent, sought the hallowing of a religious service ; in some Berlin parishes not a fourth of such marriages were religiously concluded. The year's death-list comprised 9535 Protestants, and only 4774 funerals were conducted by ministers ; therefore one-half were buried without service.' The outpour ing of the Spirit of God on 'these dry bones' may well be a matter of daily supplication on the part of all who have at heart — we do not say the progress but — the very maintenance of the Christian Religion on the Continent o£ Europe. South Africa. — In our notes of last month we related the outbreak of a Ritualistic difficulty in the Diocese of Maritzhurg, Natal. The offender was the Dean. The Dean of the neighbour ing Diocese of Grahcmstown, we are sorry to observe, has been indulging himself in a like anomia in an Erastian direction. He seems to think ' that the customs of certain English Cathedrals, where the Bishop of the Diocese is dealt with very much as if he were an hostile intruder, would be a desirable feature to introduce into Colonial Cathedrals.' It appears that the Dean (the Very Rev. H. F. Williams) is connected with a local news paper called the Eastern Star, which has made itself notorious for its scurrilous attacks on the Bishop. So intolerable had the scandal become in 1876 that the Diocesan Synod interposed, and passed the following resolution : — ' That the clergy and lay delegates of the Diocese of Grahamstown, in Synod assembled, being of opinion that the notorious connection of Dr. F. H. Williams, Dean and Colonial Chaplain of this city, with the Eastern Star newspaper, is a hindrance to Church work, and an offence against good morals ; and feeling further that, owing to the said Dr. F. H. Williams's position as a Government officer, he is to a certain extent beyond the control of the ecclesiastical authorities, do hereby resolve that the Government be requested to take such steps as may be necessary to cause the scandal to cease; and that the Archdeacons of the Diocese be requested to forward, the resah«ion to Government, and to take any further action arising therefrom.' No good, of course, came of this appeal to the Government, and Dr. Williams was emboldened by its lack of success. It appears that one of the claims he advances is that, as Dean, he holds in Grahamstown the same position, and has the same rights and powers, 'as a Dean in Westminster, London, or Manchester,' and that the Bishop preaches 'in the Cathedral only by courtesy and consent of the Dean.' Last year the Bishop, by virtue of his authority as Visitor, promulgated certain Statutes for the government of the Cathedral, which were accepted by all the members of the Chapter, except the Dean. One of these Statutes provides that the Bishop should preach at Morning Service on the last Sunday of the month, and on the great Festivals. In pursuance of this arrangement, the Bishop went to the Cathedral to preach on the last Sunday of April ; but the Dean prevented him by preaching himself, in open defiance of the Bishop's authority. In accordance with Canon 21 of the Provincial Synod of South Africa, he was brought to trial for this and other acts of contumacy on 30th July, before a duly constituted Court, presided over by Ven. H. Badnall, Arch deacon of Cape Town. He was found guilty, and sen tenced to a month's suspension ab officio et beneficio. He had refused to appear, and has taken no notice of the sentence. An appeal to the Civil Court to enforce the finding of the Ecclesiastical Court will probably be necessary. Altogether it is a painful business, and is leading Churchmen at home to doubt whether, in the early days of Colonial Churches, it is desirable or expedient to provide them with Deans. Fortunately our experiences in Victoria have been more favourable to the existence of such dignitaries than it seems to have been in South Africa. Burmah. — The Record announces the death at Rangoon of Mary Eliea Titcotnbe, aged 33, the eldest daughter of the recently consecrated Bishop of that see. The second of the three daughters who went out with their father is also in a very precarious state of health, and he has found it necessary to take her back to England. His stay at home will not exceed six months. United States. — The Bishop of Neiv Jersey (Dr. Odenheimer) was called to his rest on 14th August, at the age of 62. He was ordained in 1838, was appointed Rector of St. Peter's, Philadelphia, in 1839, and consecrated Bishop in 1859. During his episcopate of twenty years he had the satisfaction of seeing the Church in his diocese grow up from a small community into such proportions as to necessitate its division into two bishoprics. The deceased prelate was an able theologian, and was the author of several divinity works which are held in high esteem by American Churchmen. 