SALES, ETC. MAUEEEN LEU- THE ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. By Mes. J. Sablieb. CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) The few minutes, as it happened, turned out to be a full half-hour, or more, but Maureen did not mind the lapse of time, for if the parlour had excited her admiration,.the drawing-room filled her with amazement. Her imagination had never conceived anything so grand, so beautiful as the scene around her; and as she gazed on the rich furniture, the countless ornaments of taste and value, the gorgeous colours of the Persian carpet, the graceful drapery of the windows, and all the rare trifles which go to make up the decorationsof a modern drawing-room, she almost believed herself transported to another world—such a world as little Nanno used to dream of. At laBt her eye returned to that Spanish portrait, and her lips parted with a bright smile, and her dark eyes beamed withsportive animation, as it were, reflecting the character of the sunny face on the canvas. "Well ! I'm sure it's no wonder that she loved' him—that Miss Ellie !" she said, within herself; " Miss Ellie, indeed ! 8Ure I partly guessed who it was all along—avoch 1 avoch ! wasn't he mighty pleasant an' well-favoured!—I'm thinkin', Master Spaniard, your purty face was not always as bright as that—bad manners to them eyes of yours, but they'd make me laugh whether I would or no !" Having given sufficient attention to the picture which she had been so anxious to get a sight of, Maureen moved stealthily on—as though fearful of detection—to another portrait, and then to another, making her comments on each, sometimes half audibly, till, at length, she reached that of Arnold Fitzstephen, and there she stopped. A sudden change came over her beautiful features—a glow, as it were, of glad surprise ; she clasped her hands together, and stood looking up into the pictured face with a dreamy, thoughtful air that was neither sad nor joyful, though it partook of both. The light was, by this time, waxing faint, giving a shadowy misty look to the dark face on the canvas, and Maureen felt as though the eyes were animated, yet she shrank not from thtir cold, fixed stare. Like the basilisk that picture attracted her she knew not why, and though her cheek lost its rich hue, and her lustrous eyes grew dim and glassy, still she looked on. All at once she started, blushed, and trembled; between her and the portrait glided the living form of Giles Fitzstephen, his fine face radiant with smiles, and his hand outstretched to greet Maureen. Almost mechanically she gave him her hand, though it was withdrawn almost as soon as given. " I don't believe I ought to shake hands with you here," he said, " when you have more than once refused to Bhake hands with me in the Claddagh. I see you are surprised at my sudden appearance—I have no time now to explain it, for my mother will be here in a few minutes. Tell me only, Maureen, why I found yon gazing so earnestly on that picture—my father's V' "Your father's," Maureen repeated, slowly, her eyeB again riveted on the picture; "so it's your father's, sir!— well! I don't know—there's something in that face I like to look at. Oh, yes, I could look at that for hours!" Fitzstephen turned for a moment to the window before he spoke again, arid when he did speak his voice was low and tremulous. " And what is there in that face to attract one so young, so full of life 1 It is a dark face, Maureen! dark, and stern, and cold; there is passion there," he added in a still lower tone, as if to himself, " but you cannot see it.' Maureen, why do you like that picture more than the others ?" " Well! I can't tell you that, sir !— maybe it's because I'm fond of the dark, lonesome night, and the storm, and the thunder—I like them better than what's bright an' sunny. But that's a fine pictnre all out!—wisha, Mister Fitzstephen ! wasn't your father mighty like yourself?" " Or rather I'm mighty like my father," said Fitzstephen, with that smile which gave such a singular charm to his countenance; "but never mind the picture now, Maureen ; I wanted toBpeak to you for the last time about the fishery. Ton think there is no hope of our succeeding?" \- At the same time he took a seat near a window, and motioned for Maureen to r -take one at some distance. Maureen,: however, remained standing, being; unwilling to sitinsuohaplaoe and inaaohj a presence., Shesdso moved nearer the door,- so that in-the deepening twilight herfigurealonewasvisible.. " Well ! I don't know your honour^' there's some of them beginnin' to come rounds little,.an' them we thought the worst, too." " Why, how is that, Maureen 1 Does your father begin to hear reason 9" " Oh, no! sir; my father's just the same as ever—you know he forbid me ever to speak to him again about it, so I daren't do it after that—oh! no, sir, it's Shan Driscoll I mean!" Fitzstephen started to his feet. ' ' Shan Driscoll!" he exclaimed; "can it be possible—and pray, Maureen, how did you bring him round, bim of all people ?" " Well! sir, it wasn't me that brought him round at all, only when he seen me so eager for it he began to soften a bit— poor Shan did, sir ! an' he said—he said—" she paused, fingered at her shawl, and looked down, although she need not have done so, for there was hardly a gleam of light remaining. "Go on!" said Fitzstephen, in an imperious tone; '' what did he say ?" " I'm not goin' to tell you now, Mister Fitzstephen !" said Maureen, proudly; '' what right have you to order me that way ?" Before any answer could be returned, the door was flung open, and Mrs. Fitzstephen entered with a lighted candle in her hand, with which she lit an aBtral lamp on the centre table. The light flashed full on Maureen's face and figure, but the other occupant of the room was still in shade. " My • poor child!" said she, "how cruel it was of me to forget you so long— it is true it is only about twenty minutes or so, but still you being all alone, and standing, too !—bless me, Maureen ! why did you not sit down ?" " She was not alone all the time, madam," said Fitzstephen, laughing; " everyone is not so forgetful as you." Mrs. Fitzstephen started at the sound of her son's voice. " Why, Giles you do astonish me," she said, turning towards him; "lamsure I had no idea when I told you who was in the drawing-room that you were going in. You said you were in a great hurry to join the girls !" "Well! you see I changed my mind —on second thoughts I came to the conclusion that I would see Maureen, before she left, in order to ascertain how the admiral's pulse beats." His mother looked him steadily in the face for a moment, but there waB nothing there that could at all tend to strengthen her suspicion, if suspicion she had. Calm and self-possessed was Giles Fitzstephen as he returned his mother's fixed gaze, and it was with a feeling of relief that the lady turned to Maureen, who" had been a silent observer of the scene, which she was, however, very far from understanding. "Maureen ! my good girl!" said Mrs. Fitzstephen, "you have conferred a favour on me which I can never, never forget. You have refused money in lien of what you gave me—can I do nothing for you?" "Nothing at all, madam," said Maureen, quickly; "thanks be to God we want for nothing. But I think it's time I was makin' my way home." Mrs. Fitzstephen requested her to wait a moment, and going over to her son, aBked him in a low voice what Bhe ought to do. " Do you think," said she, *' the girl would like to be employed about the house ? Margaret and Charlotte could teach her a great many useful things, and she could just wait on them. I should think such a situation would be very pleasant for her.'' " For your life, mother, don't hint at service to her!" • said Fitzstephen, eagerly, in the same low tone; " you don't know how proud these people are, and Maureen—oh ! mother, look at her— did nature intend that girl for> servant ? No! no ! the fire of intelligence is in her eyes—stately she is, and no wonder, for she has all her young life ruled as a queen—knowledge she must have, but not here, not to this house, mother, shall she ever come as a servant!" Then changing his tone, he added with a smile, "I should not like to hear yon mention such a thing to her father or grandmother." "Well, upon my word, Giles, you speak strangely—" "Maureen," interrupted Fitzstephen, raising his voioe to its natural pitch, "Maureen is my accredited agent in the Claddagh—everything there would go wrong without her." " Well, child, you may go now," said Mrs. Fitzstephen, coldly, " but are you not afraid togo home alone ?" "No, ma'am, not the least, but anyhow, my granny's to meet me at Noddy Kinshela's. Grood- night, ma'am!" and she dropped a low curtesy.' "A good night to you, Mister Fitzstephen 1" " Good-night, Maureen! but how do you think you are going to get out? I suppose, mother, yon don't watit any of the.servants to see your visitor." A freezing negative wasthe answer, but Mrs. fitzstephen, motioning for her feonto remain behind, conducted M&u-; ; reenherselfto the hall-door, and telling her to come some other time and see her, •he let her out into the street. Returning to the drawing-room, fully determined to have some serious talk with her son, she was much surprised to find him already gone. Leaving her to "chew the cud of sweet and bitter fancy," in the luxurious solitude of her own chamber, we will, with the reader's leave, follow Maureen. Her thoughts as she left the Fitzstephen mansion -were anything but pleasant. She had noticed, and now keenly felt, the eoldneBs displayed by Mrs. Fitzstephen during the latter part of their interview, and could not help contrasting it with the kindly warmth of her previous demeanour. Unable otherwise to account for the sudden change, she was forced to believe it owing to something which Mr. Fitzstephen had said, and she was just thinking, with a burning cheek: "It's long then before rd say anything again him," when Fitzstephen himself was at her side. " Maureen!" said he, in a low, hurried tone, that was, however, both deep and earnest—" Maureen, I want ^to know what it was that Shan Driscoll said—tell me quickly, for I cannot be seen with you here—don't refuse toe now, Maureen!" " Well, I won't refuse you, sir, when you ask me aB you ought. He said if I'd consent to—to—" "To what, Maureen ?"' "To marry him, your honour, that he'd take to the trawling himself, and he'd engage he'd soon get my father and the rest to do the same." " Ha I I thought so—and what—what did you say, Maureen 1 Of course, you consented, and—and we are to have it all our own way—is it not so, Maureen V' " Well, I don't know that it is, sir !— but still then my father's at me, too—" "And your grandmother—a host in herself—eh ?" " No, no, sir, my granny's all for Brian Kineely—she says my mother's ring 'U never go on my forger, if I take anyone else. I'm sure," she added with touching sincerity, " it's not easy for me to please them all—" " And yourself at the same time," said the deep, low voice at her side. "Oh, as to myself, your honour, it isn't much matter—but ain't you glad to hear, sir, that Shan's comin' round— before now he'd a'most knock one down that 'id speak of trawling." . " Maureen," said Fitzstephen, " stop one moment!" for they had just reached Noddy's dilapidated dwelling; "will yon do one thing for me ?" "I don't know, your honour, until I hear what it is." "Will you just drop this trawling business altogether; never say another word about it to anyone ?" Maureen turned her face toward him, and endeavoured, as well as the dim starlight would permit, to read his countenance. As that was impracticable, she merely replied: " If you wish it, I will, sir, but I thought you were bent on it." "So 1 am, Maureen!" He stepped through the ruined doorway into the court, and the girl mechanically followed. Once screened by the walls from the observation of the passers-by, Fitzstephen resumed: " I have made.up my mind to wait no longer." "And how will you mend yourself, sir ?" said Maureen, with sudden animation. " It would be no use to tell you now, Maureen. It might only bring blame on you hereafter, if you knew it beforehand. I'll only say another word before I go. The Claddagh men are obstinate, Maureen, when even you could not move them, but they shall find others as obstinate as themselves, and so you may tell them from me. I will do them good against their will, and they will thank me in days to come. Farewell, Maureen! we meet no more as we have met—such underhand doings, longer continued, would not serve either of us." • " Mr. Fitzstephen," said Maureen, earnestly, and forjthe first time in her ife she "laid her hand on his arm, evidently forgetful of what she was doing— « Mr. Fitzstephen! take the advice of ne who wishes you well—don't meddle with the Claddagh men ! don't an" you'll ave my blessing!" Fitzstephen took hold very gently of. the hand that rested on his arm, and ressed it between his own. For a oment it seemed as if he were about to et Maureen's mind at ease, but the truggle was only momentary, and ropping her hand as it were coldly, he aid, in a low bufdetermined tone: "It cannot be, Maureen—fare .you ell! I owe you many thanks for all our trouble, agd although it has proved nsuccessful, I thank you none the ess."- • He was gone before Maureen could tter the cutting retort that rose Htoj er lips,' bat she mattered it to herself, j s she stood looking after his retiring orm : '• • • . " So you are all alike,you gentlefolk. Kind mother for yon to make light of anything that's done for you. You'll turn on the boys, will yon 1 Ha ! ha! you'll get the worst of it, if you do— that's one comfort! I'm- sure it'B well rid I am of you, appearih'to me like a ghost every time I went out after nightfall! There's more than me will be pleased, I'm thinking!" (To be continued.) 