A STRANGE STORY. THE incident which I am about to relate occurred in open day, in the presence of a number of freeborn Britons, and in the nineteenth century. If there were wanting one further iustance of the frightful misgovernment under which this colony groans at the hands of the Berry Ministry, let me supply it. I had enjoyed but delicate health for some time previously, and had determined upon an excursion down the bay. Two friends, my constant companions, good fellows, whom I had been in the habit of seeing every day for many years, consented to accompany me. As we stepped on the steamer, the name of which is immaterial to the subject of my narrative, I felt at once that the invigorating qualities of a sea-breeze had not been overrated" by the many writers who have sounded its praises. As soon as the vessel started, -the glorious ozone seemed to permeate my every vein. As with my two friends I paced the deck, I seemed to shake off my dull, heavy, clogging mortality, and become etherealised. My feet appeared to scarcely touch the deck ; my soul expanded as though it threatened to burst its tenement of clay; my blood seemed turned to quicksilver so wildly glad, so fiercely joyous, it pulsed within my frame ; my brain, at first dizzy with the novelty of its sensations, seemed to soar away from this dull work-a-day world of scheming and sorrow, and hold communion with the angels. I glanced at the faces of my companions to note the effect of the glorious sea-air upon them. Their features wore their usual dull, expressionless, and every-day look. One smoked an earthly materialistic clay pipe ; the other shivered occasionally, and muttered something about its being "jolly cold." I, who had known both of them long and intimately, discovered now for the first time that there was no jot of poetry in their compositions, that they were of the earth, earthy. One glance convinced me they were ozoneproof. " Fool," I said to myself, " are these two dolts, two clods of soulless earth, the beings I have chosen for my bosom friends ? Have the scales only now fallen from mine eyes that I behold them as they are, creatures of clay, fit only to mate with worms and creeping things, whose thoughts mount no higher than the earth o'er which they crawl ? Their dull insensibility to Nature galls me and angers me against them. I must get rid of the oppressive restraint of their society and enjoy the grandeur of the universe alone." I led them to the cabin, and watching my opportunity, I lost them. Then I returned to the deck. As I paced to and fro, the zephyr's soft touch cooled my throbbing temples. My every sense seemed to feel the glorious exhilaration of the scene. Were not these mental soarings, these soul-longings for the infinity of limitless space proofs " strong as holy writ" of the existence of a Hereafter. This subtle spell that held me entranced— these half-defined yearnings that seemed to cleanse the body of its gross mortality—what were they? Were they not the spiritstrugglings for another and a better world ? No atheist, I thought, could dwell upon the sea, and feel That glorious something in the air, Which mutely tells how much ozone is there. Here, for the first time, I became conscious of a man looking at me. He was a weather-beaten sailor, evidently the steersman of the vessel. He stood behind the wheel, and moved it from left to right, and from light to left, in an aimless undecided manner. He was not an interesting man by any means ; there was no speculation in his glassy orbs ; he chewed tobacco hungrily, and expectorated floodily. Yet the moment that my eyes rested on bim I felt instinctively that that man was destined to be bound up in some strange way with my life. On a small board displayed in front of the steering apparatus was a notice, " You are requested not to speak to the man at the wheel." Having read this notice, I turned away carelessly and resumed my walk. Some terrible fascination in connexion with that noticeboard had taken possession of me. The ethereal elation which had previously mapped me in its thrall had fled. I looked down into the deep blue ocean, but the careering waves formed themselves into vast letters that read, "You are requested not to speak to the man at the wheel ' I glanced up to the great canopy of heaven, but every bank of clouds shaped itself into a board and requested me not to speak to the man at the wheel The ozone-bearing breeze that whistled by, now brought me no delight of heart, no exhilaration of mind. Its very sound was changed, and like a taunting demon's voice it screamed mockingly into my ear, " You are requested not to speak to the man at the wheel." " Pshaw 1" I thought " this is some trick of fancy. I will put an end to the absurd feeling. I will speak to the man at the wheel." I approached him, took out my handkerchief, wiped the perspiration from my brow, and said, " Er—" My eyes then caught the notice board, " You are requested not to speak to the man at the wheel" Every vowel, even the mongrels w and y, were painted there except one. There was no i upon the board, and yet that sentence seemed to fix upon me the gaze of an Argus. My mouth grew dry, and my tongue swelled in a painful manner, choking my utterance. The man at the wheel regarded me with a look of dull semi-enquiry. I could not speak. I said "Er." again in a firm determined manner, as if it was the end of my observation, and had a full point after it. Then I blew my nose in a satisfactory conclusive sort of style, and tore myself away, trying to look, I fear vainly, as though I had unburdened myself of all that I had originally intended. I hurried to another part of the vessel I strove to shake off the incubus that oppressed me. I looked down into the engineroom, but the dull pounding of the machinery seemed to thunder forth, " You are requested—not to speak—to the man—at the wheeL" I hastened to the forepart of the steamer seeking rest. In vain— every coil of rope I stumbled over reminded me of the shape of a wheel, and seemed straining every strand in urgent request that I would not speak to the man at the wheel. My brain was on fire, my reason tottered under that "One besetting horrid hint That racked me all the time; A mighty yearning like the first Fierce impulse unto crime. One stern tyrannic thought that made All other thoughts its slave; Stronger, and stronger, every pulse Did that temptation crave, Still urging me to go and see If I couldn't speak to the man at the wheel." I pressed my hat firmly upon my head, the better to contain my bursting brain. With feverish step and wildly beating heart, I rushed aft, and staying not until I was face to face with that weatherbeaten sailor man. Stifling all lingering traces of conscience, I shouted in the thundering tones of a man who is determined not to be trifled with— "Er " I could not look at the steersman, but I felt his eyes were on me, mine were rivetted with a guilty horror upon that fatal board glaring at me reproachfully and saying, "You are requested not to speak to the man at the wheel" Mute as an Egyptian mummy I turned away. I went to the side of the vessel, and tried to be seasick. Any torture would have been welcome, so it distracted my mind from that accursed "request." We were nearing our destination. If I could conquer the demon for another quarter of an hour I should be saved. I turned to go below, but the "impulse" was too strong upon me. Drawn by a fearful fascination I involuntarily turned my steps towards the Man of the WheeL When I came close to him, I shut my eyes, recalled to mind the leading points of one of Hamlet's soliloquies, which I determined to pour into his astonished ear, and springing wildly at the Man at the Wheel, I pinned him by the throat. Before I could utter a word of the divine bard's magnificent language I was rudely seized from behind and dragged away by my two friends. The excitement and the exertion proved too much for me. I must then have fainted. I awoke to find myself at home, in the comfortable little room I knew so well I must have been injured in the scuffle, for I try to lift my arms, but cannot. They seem pinioned to my side. But hark! there are voices outside the door. I listen, and hear the familiar tones of the friends who accompanied me down the bay. They are talking to a third person. One of my friends says, "Well, you see, doctor, you thought that a little sea-air would do him good ; so William and myself took him down on an excursion. We watched him closely, but he managed to give us the slip, and when we found him, he was choking one of the sailors. We dragged him away, and put a straight-waistcoat on him. He's got it on now, in the padded room. He's been -a yelling out that the Man at the Wheel is his long lost ghost of Hamlet's father, by his mother's side. Then he commences to cry and says, * Break, break his heart, for he must hold his tongue.' He's one of the rummiest lucinations I ever come across in my experience, he is." "Poor fellow," says the third person, "I fear he is incurable. He was respectably connected, was he not ?" "Oh yes, doctor," replied my other friend; "he was a comic writer—made up funny poetry and pieces out of his head, and had 'em printed in the paper, but the compositors didn't understand his puns, so his jokes got set up crooked, and without any fan in 'em, and that drove him off his chump. He got a bell and a carving-knife and used to stand outside the newspaper offices, and ring the bell and say, * Bring out your compositors until I knock 'em into pie, and imbrue my hands in their kidney-fats.' So for fear the stock of compositors should run sliort, his friends looked after him, and he was sent out here to the 'sylum." " Very sad, very sad," sighs the person whom they called doctor. " Compositors have a deal to answer for. I shall go in and see him presently." I wonder whom, my friends and the third person are talking 