A NEW METHOD OP EXTRACTING GOLD FROM QUARTZ BY SMELTING. ONE of the problems which has so long exer cised the minds of scientific men and those more particularly interested in gold-mining, seem to have been satisfactorily solved during the last few days, in no less obscure a place than an out house at the roar of the Railway Hotel, John street, Singleton. Unsatisfactory as the process .. of crushing auriferous quartz by means of h'«.?avy batteries of stampers, known as crushing machines ---r mills, has long teen regarded, no better'n-aethod- of extracting the precious metal was available. Attempts have from time to time been i/nade to smelt quartz, af rer the man ner of copfper ore and iron stone, but failure has genera|lly been the result. For the past few weeks Experiments have been going on in the place afbovementioned with a view to prove that quartjz can not only he smelted, but that it can be simelted without the use of a blow-pipe and in smch an inexpensive way as to render this method of extracting the gold immensi-ly superioji- to the crushing process. Mr. Joseph LoftuA Johnson, a member of tho Institute of Civii Engineers, has been conducting the ex periments at the instance of two enterprising local genttomen, Dr. R. Read and J. W. W. Campbell, who provid d tho necessary means ior testing the affirmations of Mr. Johnson to the effect that the longed-for process could be successfully carried out. Mr. Johnson having erected a furnace, and met with the usual series of rebuffs that never fail to thwart for a time the discoverers of new methods of performing common labors, has at lenght had the reward of succeeding entirely to his own satisfaction in reducing the quartz to a molten mass) and seeing it run out like so much liquid glass from his furnace. This important factor in producing the result is of very simple construction, having the flue on one side and the fire on the other, the draught being so arranged as to carry the flames over or through the broken lumps of quartz placed between. The molten quartz is allowed to run by means of a spout into an artificial substitute for a running stream of water, meeting which it grandulates, or forms like a coarse sand, the metals contains in it gravitating towards the bottom in the order of their density. The water which thus receives the liquid quar z becomes converted intosilurc acid, an article of commercial value that admits of extensivo nan, seeing that, mixed with some substance such as sand, it forms a solid and impervious covering for th» walls of buildings, to which it can bo applied in a liquid state by means of an ordinary brush. Mr. : Johnson's opinion is that the commercial value of this silicic acid is sufficient to defray the cost of the process, and the gold obtained is therefore clear profit. If this assumption should prove. correct it is plain that a revolution in tho present method of treating quartz is at hand. The carbonic acid gas generated during the opera tion of smelting tho quartz is at a certain period of tho process drawn off and made to do duty in a very ingenious way. The silicic acid is by its means comtxillud to give up, by precipitation, the chomical which was used in the process of smelting, and it is again available. As the in ventor and his supporters avu fully entitled tn all the benefits of this discovery, for which, in due cours-, a patent will bo secured, we refrain from giving more than a general idea of -the process, but sufficient has been said to draw attention to the subject, and to show the value of the dictum of those scientists who, like Pro fessor E. Roscoe, B.A, F.R.S., boldly asserts that ' silica (or quartz) is infusible except at the highest temperature of the oxyhyrogen blow pipe.' — Singleton Anjns. Fears are entertained of a heavy commercial smash at Melbourne. , .' *A. return laid before Parliament, at the.in itancu of Mr. Groonwood, shows that 48,175 conditional purchase havo been transferred from the jear 1862 to the year 1877., inclosive^the actual umber of transfers having been 22,000. Professot Pepper, of ' Ghost ' fame is coming out »-o Australia with a now mystica illusion. ..'?' It is stated th.f, the boy Ohnrlcy Ross, who was stolen from h-,. father's house, at Philadel phia some five jeai, agOj has been traced to Queensland. accoruuig to tlio iiarling Uowns uaxcl.ee, requires I to be stayed, an the supply of labour there is vastly in excess of the demand. A young man named Penman was knockud down by an engine on the Great Northern line, aiv) had bo: h his thighs broken* The' Miuhjc.e Independent is advocating the election of a Progress Com mittee, to represent the local wants of the incorporated towu of Mndgee to the Government. At the inquest in Melbourne on Wieberg's mother-in- law, who died at Collingwood, it is evident, from a letter found, recommending her to apply for a portion of the reward, that Wieberg was betrayed through his wife's rela- tives. The Orient steamer, J.olin Elder, arrived at Plymouth or the morning of the 28th May, having thus 'made the run from Adelaide home under thirty-eight days. A deputation waited upon Mr. Lackey, on Friday, and urged the importance of the con struction of the railway from Orange to Pai'kes, which' would open up a rich agricultural, wheat producing district. . Mr. Lackey, in reply,' recognised the necessity of the line, and said it would constitute a part of the Government railway policy at the re-opening of E'arl lament next session. Davis, the garotter, has been sentenced to seven years' ponal servitude, the first two in irons. William. Wills, in: the Clarenco River manslaughter case, is sentenced to five years' hard labour. Ok the 24th May, Mr. Tallant's Little Nell, a pretty little three-year-old, out of Lady Kirk, was killed on tho Daylesford racecourse. A petition, to be presented to the Govern ment, requesting them to repeal the poll-tax on the Chinese, is being extensively sighed at Cook town. ... .- .- A burglar broke into the residence of the Rev. Dr. Barry, at Wollahra, and upon being disturbed, made off. Mr. Barry's two sons gavo chase, and captured the burglar. The prisoner, who is a well-known offender, was brought before tho Court, and committed for trial. The lambing season in tho St. Arnaud dis trict is likely to be an inferior one. Another Importation of thoroughbred Clydesdales, belonging to Mr. J. Trestrail, has arrived in Melbourne, by tho barque True Britain, from London. She has also brought out four Shetland ponies and one greyhound. The names of the Clydesdales, which are magni ficent animals, are Sir James, the Gentleman, Rob Roy, arid Pencot, by Prince of Wales ; Robin the Laird, by Lome ; and Royal Georgn, by Prince of Kilbride. Cobb and Co.'s mail coach, at Cootamundra, capsized through the horses bolting, and run ning it against 'a tree. Luckily, there were no passengers in the coach ; but the driver was found insensible, and lies in a very precarious condition. Mk. James Spowers, part proprietor, and, since the retirement' of Mr. Hugh George, manaerer of the Araus, has died of apoplexy. Only two aboriginals appeared oii the Queen's Birthday at the Parkes police office for jlankets. . ? . Webb, the great swimmer, and ' Woston, the ;reat walker, .do not touch spirits or beer when performing their feats. A new reef, showing gold, has been discovered it Black R nge, near Albury, by a party of Victorian prospectors. A rather novel sight for Wagga is the appear ince of a ' hurdy-uurdy,' or a barrel organ, in the town, which has been going from house to house, and from appearance, the man seems to he driving a' roaring- trade. The groups of shildren that follow the instrument, seeni to testify to the delight of the native youth.— Advertiser. ??.':-' The time gun (says the Mudgee Independent) is now placed in position at the rear of the telegraph office, and will be fired for the first time4his evening by the Fire Brigade; under the su per vieion of the Brigade Captain (Mr. Clarke) an old artillery nou commissioned officer of tho British army. Those who will, for the first time in Mudgee, hear a piece of artillery fired, will not, wo hope, think it is an earth quake, or anything more dreadful than what soldiers call a peace preserver, and theminers at LamMng Flat, during the anti-Chinese dis turbance, a ' bull-pup.' A telegram from Tamworth s ays the police force here are becoming more demoralised each week. One member had a stand-up fight with a civilian on the cricket ground two nights since. . A Souvenir.— It will be remembered (says the Dnbbo Express) that on a recent occasi'-n of the laying of the foundation stone of the Masonic Hall, Miss Holland, daughter of the Rev. E. Holland, presided at the harmonium, and took an important part in the proceedings connected with the . auspicious event. The members of Lodge Macqiiaiie have determined that the valuable services of. that .young lady shall not go by unrocognised,, nor without some souvenir by which the occasion may be recalled by a pleasant remembrance. On Saturday: morning last Dr. Tibblts, J P. ,. interviewed Miss Holland, just, as the Presbyterian Sabbath School Pic-nic party were about-to start, and in a few well chosen words, presented Miss Hol land with a very handsome gold watch, inscribed with her name, and setting forth tho occasion of the presentation. He explained that the souvenir was the gift of the members of the Lodge Macqiiarie, and n-questod her acceptance of it as a slight, though grateful recognition of their appreciation of her kindness and valuable assistance in connection, with the foundation stone ceremony. The watch is a very handsome one, beautifully ornamented, and was supplied from the establishment ot Messrs. o. rmupanu ] Co., of this town and Sydney. . _ j A good skory, doing credit to the imprudent originality of an insolvent, comes .from another colony (says ' Atticus '). A tradesman, finding ; himself unable to liquidate his liabilities, sought , the protection of the local court of insolvency and went through the mill, his creditors re- , ceiviii' no benefit from' the proceeding. Sin se , then the insolvent has forwarded to each of his ( creditors the following circular : — ' Dear Sir,-— I am trying to get up a raffle for the benefit of . my creditors. Tho raffle consists of a hand some set of 'jrooch and earrings, worth between , £30 and £40. Every share you choose to take \ will be £1 off what I owe you. P.S.— Reply at once, Please allot me -— — shares in the rafllo you propose for the Bole benefit of your credi tors.' The desire on the part of the insolvent to recoup creditors for tho loss sustiiinod to him was fully appreciated, but at the same time they cannot understand how, the valuable brooch and earrings' did not at the proper time find their way, as assets, into the h:.nds of the official assignee, } and requiro further information be fore investing. .. ; ;: ' A case of apparent . adultoration\ of milk (says tho E ay Standard) was brought before the Court on Tuesday: — the -first instance of tho kind since tho passing of the Act making it an offence to sell impure milk— and tho defendant was fined 40s. . with 40s cost. : This fact should have a salutary effect on those selling an adul toratod sample of tho lacteal element. It would perhaps bo more satisfactory to, allow the pur chaser to mix water with the milk according, to taste, and to the vender to obtain a fair price for milk only ; or, as a lady friend' suggests, for a price to bo given for pure milk,' and also for the percentage of water added — 'If she pays-milk she does not expect milk and water.' As it has been said this is a land flowing with milk and honoy, we hope as this is the first in stance of watering the milk, it :may bo the last | as it is the best in the end to supply a good article ' ' ..'''?? He oft would kneel' to her and say, ' You are, of light, my only ' Re.' ' Ah, if but kinder you would bo, ... And sometimes sweetly suiilo on ' Mi.' ' You are my life, my guiding Btar, I love thee noar, I love thee ' Fa.' ' My passion I cannot control, You are the idol of my'1 Sol.'' The maiden said ' Fie ! ask papa ; How can you go on thus ! Oh, ' La.' ' The major rpso from bonded kneo, And wont her father for to. ' Si.' Tho father thought no match was finer. Tho ' major ' once had been a ' minor.' They married soon, and after that Dwelt in ten rooms, all on ' ono ilat.' So happy, ends the little tale, For they live on the grandest scale. A lady, named MissMagni-ah .Had 'trouble in lighting her fi-ah ; Tho wood being -jreen, She used kerosene — ' She has gone where the fuel is dry-ah. Oh, lie fell in love with a swoot young gal, Which her name it was Johanner ; ' She wore a maguolious crynolyno, And she spanked on the grand pianner. Oh ! he took her to Staten Island by the ferry boat, And treatod.herto strawberries and croam, O ! She was first engineer in a milliner's shop, And boss of a sewing-machine, 0 ! Fox, whom' it-is said, could easily have made several thousands a' year by restricting himself to whist, where skill is available, was so besotted with the vice of gambling, that ho preferred hazard, whoro skill is useless, and, in consequence, beggared himself before he had well set foot in public hfo, besides ruining soino of his bust friends, who became securities for money advanced, whilst the £154,000 left to him by Lord Holland went to pay his gaming debts, and thousands more were sunk in tho same insatiable gulf. The Best Love.— .Home love is the bbst love. The love that you are born to is the sweetest you will ever have on earth. You, who are so anxious to escape the home nest, pause a moment; and remember that it is so. It is right that the hour should come when you, in your turn, should beC'nue a wife and a mother, and givo the best love to others ; but that will be just it. Nobody — not a lover — not a hus band — will ever be so tender or S' true as a mother or a father. Never iigtiin, after strangers have broken the beautiful bond, will there be anything so sweet as the little circle as mother, father, and children^ where you were cherished, praised, and kept from harm. You may not know it now, but you will know it some day. Whomsoever you may marry) true and good though he may be, after the love-days are over, and the honey-m- ion has waned, will sive you only what you deserved of love or sympathy — usually much less, never more. You must watch and be wary, lest you lose that love which is through the eyes, because they thought you beautiful. But those who bore ym, who loved you when you were the dreadful little, object, a small baby, and thought you exquisitely bril liant — they do not care for.: faces that. are farer and forms that are. more graceful than ?? yours ; you are their very own, and so, better to them always than others. To leave home should be a sad, not a glad thing. It. should not be so easy to turn away from the' old folks, 'and forget them, as it seems to be to many.- 1 have said it onco, but I say it again : Thore is ho love like the love you 'lire born to, no home like the first home you knew, if you have good parents, and that home is what it should be ; when you leave it, you leave your best behind you. About Dogs. — Crib, a wonderful dog, described by his proprietor as 'an enemy to poachers, a friend of cats, and a connoisseur of gooseberries,' while regaling himself upon his favourite fruit, fresh from the bush, got stung by a wasp, bent upon gooseberry taking too, and experienced a new and never-to-be-forgotten sensation. Crib became convinced his vocation in life was to wage war upon wasp3, and from that time devoted all his energies to their destruction, and,' taking up an advantageous position under the bushes, snapped them a' fast as they appeared, without gettinsr hurt himself. He at any rate' had reasonable and just cause for the antipathy he indulged, which is more than can be said in. extenuation of the irreligious collie, whose habit it was to sneak out of his master's company as that gentleman took his Family Prayers down, and rang for the ser vants. Purposely prevented one evening from making his usual exit, Noble took such pains to behave indecorously, that it was judged wisest to let him have his own way for the future, and he was never known to make one of the nightly gathering afterwards. Temperance after eighty years of ^in and beer (says the Tribune) seems to work well. An English vicar in North Devon knowB an aged widow who drank gin freely until she turned the corner of forescore, when she gave it up. for beer, and in a few months abandonedstimulants altogether. She had sufferer from occasional attacks of gout in her left baud, and was also afflicted with a chronic sore on one of her toes. Her speedy and sudden exit; from the world was generally predicted ; but she is still in the larjd of the living, hale and hearty. Tlie gout has vanished ; her toe is healed ; and' she remains a living monument of the good arising from the sudden adoption' of a non-alcoholic regimen.; She is now in her eighty-third year ; she fre quently walks in her son's garden without any covering on her head ; her memory is excellent ; she can repeat lengthy prayers, and she bids fair to become a centenarian. This tale appears at first sight, to' have an excellent temperance moral, but the acute' end-man ' of the TeU graph points out a drawback — the old' lady's experience may lead more than one anc.ent toper to remark, ' I'll go on drinking gin and beer until I'm fourscore, and after that I'll drink nothing but water, and live till a hun dred.' . . . It is gratifying to learn (says the Horsham Times) that the red cieer which were liberated in tho Grampians some twelve years ago havo not perished, but are increasing aiid multiply ing. A gentleman saw a magnificent stag, with eight doe.8, the other day, and it is a fact that cast antlers have been found on several occa sions. Only two deer were turned out in the first instance. A warder at St. Mary's convict prison, at Maidstone, has just come into a fortune of £100,000, under the will of his grandfather. 'The Duke of Norfolk has subscribed £20,000 towards the erection of anew Roman Catholic ohnrch on the site of the present Oratory at Brompton. -.-... ? Dr. Newman will probably not proceed to -Rome before October. The red cap will be brought to England by an Ablegate, attended by ono of the Noble Guard. London Truth expresses its suspicion that the Duke of Newcastle was killed by homeopathic medicine. If so the system is not likely to be in favour with life insurance- compauiosjfor he had insurances on his life amounting to £500,000 storling. uuu treu to nave a row tor a change. He began by chucking the things about at dinner, and smashing tho plates. But she only smiled like an angel and said : ' How lucky I didn't put the best service on to-day.' And the next day she did put the best service on, and ho remem bered that it cost him eighteen guineas, and ho didn't like to spoil the set. Then he took to stopping out late and coining home drunk ; but when he staggered upstairs sho always welcomed him with, a smile and caught him in her arms and kissed him and said: '1 wonder, John, dear, whatever's been spilt on your coat ; it smells like spirits.' Ho determined ho would have a quarrel somehow, So one night he lot out strong language, and hit her over tho head with the fire-irons. Sho smiled, but she didn't say anything in particular. She took him by the hand in an affectionate manner, led him down stairs and into the street, kissed him and handed him over to a, policeman. And she went down to the court next morning, aiid got him six months in such a pretty agreeable way,' the reporters fell quite in love with her. And when he was going away she leant over the dock and kissed him and said : ' Take care of your self, dear; I'll havo a nice dinner for you the day you come out.' And the last thing he saw as lie went dowii the steps was Insp amiable wife kissing her hand to him, and smiling away as sweetly as ever. 'Browne, Esquire,' the i Scotch gentleman .who wears no covering on his knees, and is the inseparable attendant on .the Queen in hor out door excursions, is a great puzzle to the Italians. PnovEBB i-or the Times.— The foolish man foldeth his arms and saith, ' There is no trade, why should I advertise V But the wise man is not so. 'He whoopeth it. up 'in the newspaper, and verily he draweth customers from afar off. Husband and Wife.— The experience of many a husband, ' What a fool I've been !' — The experience of. many a wife, 'What a fool Pvegot !'? ? ' 