MR. CHARLES BRIGHT AND FREETHOUGHT. TO THIS KDITOIl OV TfJK HVU.VHT DA (LV TKLKH ItAPII. Sir, — I have some doubts whether it bo desirable to notice anonymous letters, especially when of au abusive character. When I wrote my first letter, I did ro Dcciusu tnc article heaued Mr. Charles Bright and Freethought" apparently appeared as a paid con tribution, and was therefore presumably cndqrficd by the editor. Had it been simply un anonymous letter, I should certainly uot have taken the trouble to notice it. As, however; my motives might be mis- donstrilcd did 1 abstalii from replying I will let it pass, ami merely put on record my opinion that it is a pity that one who is such an adept as " Free- thought hut Fair Play " at abusing others by their proiier names should l>c ashamed of his own. I will reply categorically in the same order as ho has him- scif cinplo3od:r;3. When, for the avowed purpose of 'pillting lliul to picdcs) a dritic.attends the leetures of a person he has already pro-judged, lie is uot capable of judicious criticism, and all lie can utter with regard to the lecturer must of necessity descend into abuse, and, therefore, 1 repeat, that lie can do no good to himself or anyone else by attending. 2. u F" admits that he cannot see the fatuity of the form of argument he' adopted with regard, to the Holy Ghost. It is his misfortune, not his fault, it may be a "fact" that all weccan know of the Holy Ghost . must be gathered from the Bible, as it is a fact that all wo can know of the Brobdignagians must be gathered from Mr. Gulliver ; but never theless a good many deductions are to be drawu from these " facts." 3. The example of alleged incon sistency given requires no great mental capacity to explain. If Mr. Bright ever said that, While he him self "-Was fixed in his faith and belief,' yet "no one dan have a fixity of belief — which I take for granted, for I never heard him — he necessarily meant that, while he was fixed in his belief that certain things were not true, he by no means pledged himself that he had arrived at the ultimate truth beyond which there. was nothing, and that if the evolution of matter revealed a new fact to-morrow, lie would be prepared to investigate it. Instead of being inconsistent, this, to any logical mind, is the extreme of consistency. 1. " The fact of Mr. Lacy not being able to follow me is no proof of my being in the wrong." Neither is it any proof of his being in tlie right. If F." thinks he can show me any logical connection between experiencing the universal spirit and believing that diversity of language dates its commencement from the building of the Tower of Babel, I shall be happy to correspond with him on the subject. It will be an intellectual treat to me to brush up my Whewell, Whately, and Mill again. 5. If 'it is only " F.'s" "strong mind" that enables him to read Tyndall, Huxley, and Darwin, without having his " faith " shaken, what are those unfortunate individuals who have not such strong minds " to do ? They must truly be legion, and are they to be debarred from the whole field of philoso phy and science ? My pen here trembles on the verge of sarcasm, but I refrain. G. I do not know whether " F." needs Mr. Bright or Sydney Freethinkers to teach him such a commonplace maxim as that he should do to others as he would that others should do to him. I merely pointed out where he was wrong. 7\. 1 assume that " F." knows nothing about Spiritual ism, because what he writes about it proves it; and, therefore, on this point I must, decline to argue. 8\. With regard to the tolerance of sectarian lecturers I have heard, I will give him a specimen of Church of England tolerance, not uttered in the heat of an extempore lecture, but written in cold blood in the privacy of an editor's sanctum. It is from the last number to hand of the Ruch, the leading Church of England paper, and is the conclusion of the first leading article. After deploring the little encouragement given to ministerial faithfulness by the literature of ;thc day, it says: — " God said 'smite/ Saul said ' spare.' God has put the sword of tho spirit into the hands of preachers and writers in His service, and He says, ' Go and smite my enemies nnd yours.' And thev, with a mawkifli protensiou to chanty and liberality, spare the enemies and smite the frieuds of truth. What arc we to look for under such circumstances ? Let God's word reply : 1 Curse yc Meroz, saith the angel of the the Lord ; curse yc bitterly the inhabitants thereof, because they came not to the help of the Lord, to the .help of the Lord against the mighty.1 To ignore this duty is the very essence of neo- oraugelicanism." That is a pretty tidy speci men of Church of England tolerance, but I scarcely think I ever heard Mr. Bright utter anything like it, or like Archbishop Yanghan's crazy fulminations. Mr. Bright makes use of ridicule because there is no more powerful weapon when ignorance and dulucss have to be met, but in ridiculing the system he always makes a point of excusing the exponents of it on account of their tvainiug. The rest of the letter is mcra vulgar abuse, which I shall not sully my pcu by replying to, and I repeat that I only reply at all lest my motives for not doing so should be mis construed — Yours GEO. LACY. St. Leonards, December fi. 