OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. [from our own correspondent.! j Friday, .February 14. Misfortunes never come singly, nor do fires. Within the past fortnight we have actually had more fires, small and great, than during any previous summer. On Wednesday in last week, as already .well known, Bundle-street was visited by the most disastrous fire which has ever taken* place there; two smaller fires occurred on Saturday night, and one on Monday; and on Wednesday night last about 10 o'clock—precisely a week after the Bundlestreet fire—a tremendous glare illumined i the city and showed that a fierce fire was j raging in King William-street, within a | a stone's throw of Bundle-street. The premises oh fire were those of the Adelaide Photographic Company and of Mr. j Clark, tailor and draper—next to Town- I send's auction mart. For about half an j hour the flames shot out of the roof and windows of the third storey in grand style, but the fire brigade worked both promptly and effectively, and in less than ten minutes after Ko. 1 hose got to play on the flames all danger was passed. Probably about a couple of thousand pounds worth of damage was done, the top storey of both premises being completely gutted, and there being a good deal of harm done by the water flowing It is somewhat singular that a fire broke out at the same place—7the Adelaide Photographic Company's premises—some years ago, and did great damage. A Hindley-street green-grocer, whose place was burnt down last week, is now in custody on a charge of setting his house on fire. He had only insured it a fort-j night ago, and his creditors were pressing I him for money. His wife, too, let the cat out of the bag by telling a neighbour that "that villain of mine" has set the. screen on fire. Fires as well as murder will out—sometimes at least.. Where incendiarism is proved,. the penally ought; to be incomparably hotter than the fire. A false alarm has lately been raised to the effect that the deep drainage of- the ■city would not be carried out for four or five years yet. The impression arose, from a statement made by the Mayor,; Mr. Buik, to the effect that the detailed : survey of the city-would not be completed; for 18 months yet. In order to expedite affairs a very influential deputation waited on the Government this week to ask:them to'authorise the construction of the main sewer. without waiting for the finishing of the detailed survey. This, could easily be done, and in view of the extreme urgency of the case, , the Government have undertaken that the sewer shall'be commenced in about. three months hence without even waiting for the floating of the loan. Mr. Frazer, a hard-headed Scotchman and a member of Parliament, shocked his fellow-deputators by saying Adelaide was one of the dirtiest places on the face of the earth! While we do not for a moment belie re this, probably most of us can testify to haying experienced in Adelaide the "seventy-two distinct, .smells and . several stinks" that Coleridge luxuriated ' in at Cologne—the original home of the du de Cologne. . Like the rest of the. world this. colony Is passing through a period of depression: It.is not so keenly felt here as in some of the other colonies, and not nearly so much as in England and AmencaT. But; money is scarce and labour ' hi' too abundant. And the inevitable concomitant in the shape of disputes between capital and labour has come. The fight this time is over the eight hours'principle—aprinciple dear th the horny-handed. The scene is at present Gawler; and the number of men affected is only about 250. Already themen—employed by-J;Martin and Co., the ironworkers and engineers—have been out on strike a week, and the end seems far off yet.. Meanwhiie-meetings to sym| pathise with the -strikers have been held | at Port Adelaide and in the cify, and both sides talk of carfying on the battle to the bitter end. ,.... . r.... .Some of mySouth7jEasternreaders who look to thp .Nrirrie nailway. as the first \ poiriop of the thjsni with" AdeMdiTv^lHe'i!^^ the line is to -be -made vgiatever may^ie -i the low price^ifl aaBfr* : ^^di^utatibn \- ^presentingthe\Holdfest; Bay Railway Companyj - who J are: tb - have -rnnning powers bv^.^hihall^^riadiiiM thg Nsairne Bailway—^S ..^6^«f8, ahxioiis to have theilf <ialne forhbxt , ; Sumnie?s"lSffi^^^^nwlule"liEe~"Glen| E^on^ The third tramwayin Adelaide—to Unley and Mitcham—haa been opened amid the Customary baptism of champagne j cheap rides, and general jubilation. This line has a novelty in it in the shape of a steam motor. The" world" of the engine are' within: an ordinary looking car, and the motor is nearly smokeless and noiseless. It is" said to be quitedd ; but this is only whattbe .Yankee "makers affirm. But the motor makes so little noise and is so much, like an ordinary car, that liorses are hoi frightened of it. As; the Company has billy one steam motor most of the. passenger ' traffic will be worked with horses; the "engine being kept.for the heavy stone traffic from the Mitcham quarries. The pioneer tramway —to Norwood and Kensington—carried 22,000 persons last week, and ho less than 37,000 on a recent holiday week. The . Glenelg Bailwhy Company carried 426,000 passengers the -first year their line was opened, and 'last year 'the number had increased • to 729,000.- ; Surely we are an active as well as a grooving people. .1 .was going to explain to the readers of the. .Herald how through, the unskilful drafting or the clumsy ''amending" of the Crown Lands Bifl persoiis who have previously taken upJ land ,on. credit can now take'up another 1060'acres just as if they never had 'any j but my space is already almost gone.- The fact I will, however, ! mention, as I knowit -is quite contrary to the intention ofparliament. It may be hmendpd next session, but in the meantime .those who • desire to take advantage of the loophole may do' so and get more land than Parliament ever intended—"if thdy'are hot frustrated, as the Itegister suggests they should be, by the Govern-. jenentf .undertaking the responsibility of limiting the quantify according to what they. know to be the intention of the. Legislature. . One tit: bit I have kept till last - and now, as Hamlet's father's: ghost said, Brief, let hie. be."' * A young medico in the German township of Tannrida loved not wisely but too well; and finding his passion, not returned, lie resolved on suicide. And then (as he himself pu t it in a letter to his fair inamorata) "in order that he might not die like a dog'" his lady love was to send for a parson. She did so. When the minister arrived he found the rash young doctor had tried to end his. tirott.bles by swallowing some tincturesof aconitumand. belladonna. But. the would-be . (or would-not- be) suicide was a homoeopathic doctor, and he had taken homoeopathic doses of the poisons, and so after- the emetics were used, the festive young lever was handed over—not to the arms of his.lady love but to the gentle restraints of the constable and to the tender mercies .of the magistrate. But the justice was more merciful than the : maid, and the medico only had to pay a. few pounds. Next time he intends to go in for allopathy—-if necessary 