AMUSEMENTS. The appearance of Miss Maggie Moore and Mr. Williamson' in "Struck Oil" was greeted with loud and frequent applause at the Theatre Royal last night. The drama was acted with great spirit throughout, tho principal characters being called »(»fnrn Olirfnin nf flin sinusal neUn nf The performance was followed by the California bagatelle, The Chinese Question." ' Lisa Eccles," with its beautiful and appronriate scenery and sparkling musical gems, was capitally performed at the Queen's Theatre last night. Mr. H. I.oston again sustaining the rate oi Heinrich Eeclcs. Tlie singing. of Mr. l-'arrou was highly appreciated by tho audience, many of his rendi tions being honoured with an encore. . Mr. Baker is still suffering :from the effects of his recent accident. A grand complimentary benefit was tendered to Johnny Cowan, the nonular clown at Burton's cir. cus, last night. The same programme was re peated. The bcnrjiriarc was welcomed with con siderable applause, his jests and witticisms pro voking unrestrained laughter. To-nigut an en tirely new programme will be offered, including..-! sensational performance entitled ' "The Steeple chase." A mid;day entertainment will also be given. The benefit tendered to Professor Pepper at the School of Arts last night must have been highly pleasing to that gentleman, as it fully showed the manner in which his efforts to amuse' and instruct have been appreciated by tlie Sydney public. Tlie hall was crowded to excess, scarcely standing room being obtainable. A most, excellent programme was carried out, including the miraculous " Metempsychosis." A short but comprehensive lecture oil fire handling was highly interest ing, illustrated as it was. by many examples and experiments iu the Professor's usual complete manner. The feat of placing his hand into a bowl of molten lead, was performed to the satisfaction, and evident surprise of the audience. Tlie com bustion of a diamond by means of oxygon gas was successfully carried out, tlie burning gem pro ducing n brilliant and beautiful pink light. " Fisher's ghost," and tlie pourtrayal of the works of modem and .ancient sculptors, with other novelties, brought a really enjoyable entertainment to a close. By special request the same programme will be repeated to-night. Tlie Professor's Scien tific Festivals will conclude on Tuesday night, and OI1 Wednesday night Captain Ferris will ex hibit bis band of New Zealand warriors, and tlicir wives and daughters, in their national- songi", pastimes, and war dances. This en tertainment will ha enhanced by the beau tiful lime-light illustrations of New Zea land scenery, under tho supervision of Mr. Mundy. F.R.G.S., who attracted large audiences ire England by the exhibition of the wonderful and majestic scenes abounding in Maori land, being presented by the Emperor of Austria with the Imperial gold-medal for art and sciences in recogr nition of his admirable and clever entertainments. To-night the world-renowned " Champion Aerial Monarebs," Messrs.. Ha wley and Buislay, make their first appearance at the Victoria Theatre. The programmme issued is of a most attrac tive nature, and judging from tlie opinions of the American and English press, one that has not been equalled in this city for' some time past. The performances wili commence with the sensational drama, " Storming the Hos tile," and will be followed by tlie sensational aerial exhibition entitled " Dare-devilry," in which the arthiten promise a startling and unprecedented display of skill and daring. The engagement is for six nights only, as the theatre 'is engaged after that date by Professor Pepper. The Caraiulini Operatic and Ballad Company carried out an excellent programme of vociil and instrumental gems at the- Protestant Hall last night. Caraiulini is a household name iu the Australian Colonies, and at all times sufficient guarantee of the high- class nature of their concerts, and the present en tertainments only add, if possible, to their already high reputation. Ail entirely new programme, including some favourite ballads and duetts, is announced for to-night. . Active preparations are being made at the Theatre Royal for the production of Gilbert and .Sullivan's amusing musical comedy " Pinafore " in a style that is likely to command the attention of the _ Sydney public. Mr. Williamson will, of course, be the " Monarch of the Sea and the lluler of tlie Queen's Nuvec." Mrs. Williamson will ho the " Gallant Captain's Daughter," and Miss Con stance Dcorwyn will be the leading spirit amongst Sir Joseph Porter's female followers — " His sisters, His cousin, and his aunts," which will number by the dozens — especially his cousins. Mr. Vernon Iteid will be " Ralph Rackstraw," Mr. ltainford " Dick Dendcyc," and Mr. Mclehior Britten "The Boatswain." Madame Le Couter (Miss Wimgenhcim) will ho " Dear Little Buttercup." The caste promises to he very effective. 