CHRISTIAN EDUCATION. Meeting- op Catholics at Yass. Last Sunday week a large and influential meet ing of the Catholics of the Yass parish was held in the schoolroom convenient to St. Augustine's Church, in Yas3, for the purpose of petitioning Parliament in favour of religious education in schools, and a continuance of aid from the Stale towards the maintenance of the denominational svstem. The laree room was crowded to excess, and amongst those present were all the leading Catholics of the district. The Eev. P. J. O'Keoffe was voted to the chair, and upon rising was greeted with loud applause. After the ap plause had subsided, the rev. gentleman de livered the following able and instructive ad dress. Grentlemen, — I am very much gratified to wit ness bo large and influential a meeting assembled hero upon this momentous occasion ; at the same time your presence but little surprises me, since faithful to your Catholic interests and Catholic independence, you freely come forward to identify yourselves with the great concern which at the present juncture agitates the public mind — I mean the education question. The word at first wont out from Him who, by divine ordination, stands immovable upon the highest watch-tower in the city of God. Leo spoke, to whom is con fided that supreme authority of feeding both the sheep and the lambs— the hierarchy and the laity comprising that great Christian so ciety established by the Saviour of the world nineteen centuries ago here upon the earth. This great Pontiff, true to the traditions of his gifted and saintly pre decessors, lifted up his inspired voice in favour of retaining in the school in union with the secular training of the child the unmistakable evidence of the Christian character and Christian practice. Leo would brook no compromise with the world. The Church is independent, she must not be fettered. He could not reconcile with his conscience the idea of divorcing religion from the school, satisfied that the latter, bereft of the former, must ultimately fail to impart education in the true sense of the word. His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney some short time since, in concert with their Lordships the Bishops of New South Wales, thought fit to issue a joint Pastoral upon the all-important subject of Christian .teaching in the schools of this colony, where they are exercising jurisdiction. This united and praiseworthy idea of theirs was nothing less nor more than simple perpetuation of that teaching authority of the Christian Church in communion with the See of Peter — fehe centre and fountain of all Christian unity. This great Pastoral was simply published by the Bishops as a guide to their own Catholic people under their care, and G3 a lamp in the midst of a dark age to shine before the feet of the tender ones for whose souls they believe they must render a strict account to God. The inspired but authoritative words of the great apostle were not delivered and handed to them without a purpose — 'Take heed to your selves and to the whole flock wherein the Holy G-host hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God which he hath purchased by his own blood.' (Acts xx., 28.) Behold how St. Paul in his dis course at first delivered to the clergy at Ephesus, would not have the tender portion of the flock ex empt (even in the schools) from the watchful eye of their divinely constituted pastors. Still, strange to say, the Secularist, in the face of all this body of truth in practice, will maintain the contrary. Whilst Catholics therefore, acting in union with their bishops, agitate for a fair share of the public funds to maintain that oystein of educa tion in accordance with theiy own conscientious views, still at the same time they entertain no desire to interfere with nor disturb the alleged rights and claims of those who are the avowed advocates of that form of education, termed according to usage purely Secular. Entertaining thia broad and comprehensive view of the ques tion at issue, I confess I am at a loss to under otand the exact import of all this unnecessary clamour (the term is rather mild) on the aide of the few, who, it would appear, solely for opposi tion sake, made such a fierco and ungenerous onslaught upon that terrible Pastoral, directed not to them, but to the Catholic body only, and admitted even by non-Catholics to be a master piece of the very best and wisest statesmanship. In this place I cannot suppress my admiration of the honest and liberal views to which the Eev. Mr. Ross, a Protestant clergyman, gave expres sion in the Cathedral at Armidale in the presence of a large congregation. Doubtless some amongst his hearers imagined Mr. Ross would follow suit and that the Pastoral would receive a severe castigation at the hands of their pastor. Well, only fancy their disappointment ?when he told them it was simply a document from the Catholic hierarchy of New South Wales to the Catholic community of the same colony, and consequently it was a matter that did 3Q0t concern him nor his church in any possible way, and that the best thing that he and they could do under the circumstances was to mind their own business. While some perchance may disagree with the course pursued by the rev. gentleman, he may count, I assure him, on my hearty concurrence. But because those distin guished prelates should dare to exercise th -ir divinely received rights, and in the free exorcise thereof unmistakably point out to their own people that Christian education in the school will lio the means of moulding the child's mind to habits and practiced of virtue, and at the same time of ensuring to the State a generation of good, useful, and loyal subjects, wo suddenly find the Catholic Church involved in a fierce and lamentable conflict — face to face with the false philosophies of the day. We have clamouring around us a host of writers and talkers, and very few remarkably deep thinkers who would fain sap up tho very foundations of revelation and reason, making of their well-nigh infidel profension a fashion and a boast. To ait clown calmly and endeavour to mako oneself believe that in this ago of enlightenment things should Come to thiej io indeed cv.d in tho extreme. Without troubling myself then to enter upon needless distinctions in my present case, I may relegate these men to the class of the Secularists, or those who would, provided they were possessed of the power, unite together to eliminate every trace of tho Christian character from tho school. Well, I for one am not by airy means disposed to quarrel with what those Secularists pretend to set up as their just rights and claims, nor do I venture to maintain for a moment that the State in their case should withstand such claims. Let them by all means have schools suited to their own requirements, and let them receivo towards tho support of such schools a fair share of the public funds. This, I believe, would be only fair and just in their ca^e. They are free citizens in a free country. But this is what I am at a loss to conjecture — why this self-same spirit of tolerance and fair play is not as generously accorded to us in turn hy the Secularists themselves. We arc asking nothing from tho State extraordinary, nor, indeed, as 1 can see, unreasonable. We ask for schools suited to our own requirements, and the State (as in tho ease of the Secularists) we ask to assist us out of the common funds to support those schools. It is so strange. We here join issue with the Secularists with this exception, which may bo termed but an accidental difference — we will have religious training in the school, whilst the Secularists will not. Why, therefore, any . longer continue to protract this Secularist re ligious quarrel ? Let the two great conflicting bodies be satisfied each with its separate claims without agitating to have the claims of tho other altogether ignored, as is the identical position as sumed by tho Secularists towards us.'^'I now feel satisfied for tho scope I proposed to myself in the beginning, that I have sufficiently put for ward the unquestionable merits of our claims in this all-importaut matter of the education of the young Australian race. Still it strikes me very forcibly, that this same Christian claim inas much as it comprehends within itself, the 'Catho- lic,'demands, hero at my hands a little more con sideration, so that all may clearly understand where it exactly rests. As far as this agitation is concerned, the Catholic differs from every other Christian because he bases what he conscientiously, believes to be his just claims upon authority which, as faith and reason unite to shew, is divinely constituted. This is the living and teaching infallible Church, admitted by all true be lievers to be called into existence and perpetually established in the world by the Man-God. Furthermore, the Catholics hold that the Church by divine ordination posseses the inalienable right in its attitude towards every department of educa tion — even secular, and that to 3uch an extent a3 to be in a position to ordain all the means con ducing to the purity of the faith and morals of all her children, From the whole of this, what may be termed complex prerogative, it will for my purpose devolve upon me to show that the Church has the right to supervise the Secular education of her children. I would rejoice indeed that this duty were not necessary on my part, but her authority is ignored by some, nay even by the many, and hence my apology. My argument therefore, to be the more comprehensive, I reduce to a syllogistic form : — ' Wherever the faith and morals of Catholips aro imperilled, there the Church possesses the right to exaroise her su preme pastoral authority.' By education purely secular faith and morals of Catholics are im perilled ; therefore the inference is self-evident. The major proposition in my present case needs no recommendation whatever, since nobody can with any show of sound reason deny to the church the office of feeding tho ' lambs' : ' JPasce agnos meos.' (John xxi. 22.) The minor pro position here 1 can easily establish, and for this purpose I reduce to two heads the many dangers inseparably connected with education purely secular. This twofold class of danger may be termed 'negative' and 'positive.' What I understand by negative danger is, chiefly, the eliminiation of the religious element, and the more effiectively that element is removed against the voice of the Church, so much the more is the danger to be feared. Here Revela tion speak3 and proclaims the mighty and univer sal truth — that poor human nature in the firsb in stance has been grievously wounded in Adam and therefore prone to sin, so that, abandoned to itself, without the supernatural influence of religion (at first in the school), it must in due course be reduced to a miserable and helpless wreck. It is, moreover, a fact which hardly any body will deny, that from the influence of mere worldly science men are too prone to exalt them selves, aye, even above their fellows. They be come the dupes of pride and slaves to their own ambitions designs, as if they were 'like gods, knowing good and evil.' This is indeed the so called age of progress and enlightenment with a vengeance, when we behold our fellow-men living in the very midst of the light of Christ, and at the same time leading lives but little better than the ancient Pagans ; ' But since vain in their thoughts and their foolish heart was darkened, for professing themselves wise they became fools.' (Rom. i., 21, 22.) Unless, I maintain, the religious element accompany, penetrate, and, a3 it were, sanctify the system of education with which we aro threatened at no very distant period from this, a lamentable mca-al degradation must be the logical reaulfc. The second kind of peril attendant upon, and in separably connected with, purely secular training, is, what may bo termed ' positive,' and this can take its rise from a variety of causes, three of which will suffice to call in here for my argument. Tho first can arise from the master in the school. Tho master, if ho bo narrow minded and a non-Catholic, or, what is more to be dreaded still, a Catholic badly disposed towards his Church, is exactly in a position, if lie choose, to introduce into his con stant dealings with Catholic children unhealthy principles either openly or covertly as may best seem to answer his purpose. I hero instance a case in point, which some timo ago obtained a prominent place 3 in the. press, of 'a liberal CathoKe,' a school teacher, who was represented ' as holding the very unchristian doctrine that one religion was as good as another. I mention another caso which came under my own observa tion : A Public school teacher at whose school Catholic children aro obliged from force of cir cumstances to attend, said he would establish a religion of his own were it not that he dreaded the Council of Education. In the case of the latter gentleman, living outsido tho Catholic Church, as he was, and, therefore not recognizing the absolute necessity of holding communion with her, I -would be one of the last to call in question his perfect right to do so. From these two examples, a record and fair collateral evidence, besides, I think I am fairly entitled to draw the inference that positive peril will arise to tho faith and morals of Catholic children from the positive influence of the master in the school. The second positive peril ultimately to be feared from tho system of education impending will arise from the nature of the class-book which must necessarily bo brought into use. The State school is just, to my mind, a common depot wherein children of various shades (and they arc legion) of religious tendency arc con gregated together. Some of these children, according to their peculiar modifications of belief, ;ire taught to hold tho most amusing as well as the most contradictory doctrines, whilst others aro brought up without any religion whatever, and some more aro the unfortunate offspring of parents who spurn the idea of any exis tence beyond tho grave. This latter, no doubt, is the sad condition of poor human nature. I should like to bring myself to believe that such is not the reality, but the lamentable fact has came under my own observation in my path through life. In the midst of all such conilictir.g parties the State places itself in a very perplexing position. Tho school must be thoroughly secular ized at last. Tin's is the one end I see inevitable from the turn present things are in course of time bound to take. The State usurps the office of the parent and the church, and by its very act directly contravenes the natural, not to speak of any other law. What therefore remains to bo done under such trying circumstances ? Wo look with anxiety to tho paternal State for tho solu tion of the problem. A book at last has to be made out which all those children professing so many contradictory doctrines can read in com mon without offence to their various religious instincts in any way whatever. If this bo not done, the State will suffer an egregious failure in the accomplishment of the one great end it had in view, the uniting of the children of all creeds together in one common brotherhood. Our future Bchoolbook must therefore be one from which not only the name, but even the very idea of a Supreme Being must be expunged. This is tho form which the Public school system, wo see at present must to my mind assume at some future day. The third peril to the faith and moralg of Catholic children from the system impending at no distant date is evident, when we consider tho peculiar character of the companions amongst whom the children's lot is to be cast. In the very best constituted colleges, where all profess tho same creed and where none are admitted with the exception of those who furnish testimonials as to character, are to be met those who endeavour to corrupt, and but too often succeed in corrupting tho morals of their fellow disciples. How much more imminent is the danger in those schools where tho children not alone diffor in religion, but where are to be found tl|03o imbued, although mere youths, with tho most vicious and revolting habits and practices, and who by their evil associations both at home and elsewhere mako a mockery of religion if the sacred name be at any time mentioned at all ? I firmly believe that almost all who have fallen into public crime or who have become tho help less slaves to any wicked custom, can easily trace its origin to the depraved example of those with whom they have associated in early life, The school where conflicting religions aro taught or where there is no religion at all in question, must hero present a subject for our most serious consideration. Hence it is that pious, Christian parents and wise, who have the spiritual good of their children at heart, labour with unflagging zeal to guard their little flock from every com panionship except that which is necessary and at the same time manifestly safe, keeping before their minds the maxim — ' Nulla satis seciwitas, ubi pei'iclitatur aoternitas.' Studying, therefore, this all-important question in all its bearings upon tho character, both present and future, of the men and women of this great Australian land, I am quite satisfied that it is only tho school, where a uniform system of religious teaching is carried out, ' according to the deno mination,' which can result in satisfying the wants of the x^eople. I am furthermore satisfied that the school without religion will never turn out good and law-abiding citizens, since neither the master therein nor any other teacher under his supervision is at any time at liberty to give utterance to the grand words of the Apostle, which should find a re-echo in every place on the face of tho earth — ' Let every soul be subjected to the higher powers, for there is no power but from God, and those that are, aro ordained of God. Therefore, he that resisteth the power resisteth the ordinance of God, and they that resist pur chase to themselves damnation.' Now, I think, on the other hand, there can bo little mistake about tho importance which I attach to the in culcation of the religious principle in the school. Before, however, I conclude I feel called upon to mako this admission. It may be remarked that in tho course of my address, that I have dwelt moro forcibly upon our Catholic claims than upon those of Christians of other denominations as to religious training in tho school. I admit all this ; not, however, that their claims in this respect aro of less concern to mo, but I am well aware they have liberal, learned, androligiousmon of their own who attach to this great question of religious training in the school all tho considera tion it merits. Under these circumstances I advocate our own cause, and in my humble : capacity inako: known our specific want? : to ? tho ' .'?-.??'??? ?? ? ? ? ' %. legislative body, believing in clue time they tvi]l - receire a honourable recognition. ... -.; The rev. gentleman resumed hio seat amidst; ., great applause . , Mr. Conlon proposed the first resolution, — ; ' That this meeting is of opinion that tho school for Christian children should bo the means of im parting to them Christian teaching and the .??-? principles of Christian knowledge.' Ho said : / . Eev. Father O'Kceffo and Gentlemen, — I feel highly honoured in having been thought worthy . of moving tho first resolution at this all-impor- , tant meeting. I say all-important, because, wide'. as my experience of Catholic matters at Yass ia, . 1 know of no Catholic meeting ever held in . Yass so influentially represented as thia is* .; save, I might say, the great meeting that waa , ,„. held to raiso funds for tho rebuilding of St. '.?'., Mary's Cathedral. At that meeting tho Catholics \ and the Protestants wcro unanimous. Tho latter did not hesitate to show their sympathy with the Catholic portion of tho residents of Now South Wales, who had met with such a dire calamity, . Spontaneously and gencrous-heartpd did tho members of tho Church of England come for' .? ward on that occasion. Thoy saw ua in deep affliction, and most nobly did they como to . ? our assistance. Well indeed do I rooollect on that sad occasion tho great meeting that ',. was held in Sydney, and the apeeohea there delivered by the late Moat Rev. John Bede . Polding (' at whose death tho little children , , cried in tho street'), of the late Sir T. A. Murray, ? . and of the present vice-president of the Lcgisla.- ? tivo Council (Sir John Robertson), that too of Sir J. Martin, the present Chief Justice of Now, South Wales, and to my mind the grandest oration of tho evening was tho speech of hia . Honor the present Mr. Justice Windoyer. ' Grand and important 113 this meeting is — and there is not a Catholic in this mission who will not acknowledge that Father O'lleeffe is deserv- :? ing of every praise in calling it to giyy the Catholics of this district on oyypcnr tunity of asking for their just rights from the powei'3 that be, — at thia meeting I must confess that I am under a deep debt of gratitude to Father O'Keefo for his able and eloquent address, for in that address ho has said to you everything that I could desire to say. In his learned and well-timed address, Father ;. O'Keeffe has relieved mo of a good deal of ,' thought. However, I cannot oit down without j telling you that in my opinion this feeling against' ,\ Catholics only comes from tho mindo of one or , two men it is not general among the greet body . ? of tho cultivated members l'1 the Church o£ ' England. In the year 1817, Father O'Flynn was the first clergyman who landed on the ohore3 of Port Jackson. He unfortunately had not VvithiA! him his necessary credentials upon his arriva lhere, ' and consequently he had to sail backwards, and go ? ? again to his native Isle. Wo have even moro reoon^ facts of hatred from a .few to Catholicity in tlnY : country. Whon the' great meeting \:.v.3 hd[d iia . Sydney to raise funds for tho re-building of St. '?', Mary's Cathedral, her Majesty's representative, (Sir John Young) informed tho meeting that , doubts had been expressed about tho propriety of his attending that meeting. But tho repie sentative of England's Queen oaid, that ho did not agree with that opinion, and he would have .. attended the meeting had tho occasion for calling-,', it been of less importance. In the year 1826, the . great and illustrious Irishmun carried through '. the British House of Commono, tho Emancipation'.'- Bill, and so true a.s the Irish Daniel qucceo.dec(, with that, so true ' ia it thafc the Catholic bishops, and Catholic clergymen of Now South Wales v/il} -j succeed in having Christian education taught in their schools. Catholics want nothing but fair '. play. It io a matter of fact that Catholics here do not care if there wore ten Public schools in Ya3s instead of one. All they really want in, that'. they will get for their Catholic schools, a fair, share of the Catholic money thafc they pay in'.Q. the coffers of the Colonial Treasury. There aro only a few persons kicking up a rovy against thp Catholics, and the general body of that denomina tion need not take any notice of those few fanatics. The motion was seconded by Mr. John Collins, . and upon being put to the meeting was carried unanimously. Mr. P. Hartigan moved tho second recolution, — ' That religious duty and ponooienco require us to look upon Public and Provisional ochools., it\ which children are trained in more secular know ledge to the oxclusion of religion, as calculated . to imperil the Christian character of the children and to inflict grievous injury on society.' He said he was happy to think that his resolution, required very little to be said in support of it, aa. no honourable or honest-minded man will deny ; but it is the duty of the State to step in and re.-.-' move all difficulties in the way of any section of its subjects giving their children Christian educa tion ; and we Catholics are satisfied and pon,-! vincod that such an education is practieally im possible in Public or Provision schools. Ho had great pleasure in moving the resolution. (Ap plause.) Mr. John Madden seconded tho^motion, which was carried unanimously. . . '? Mr. M. Coen, upon rioing to move the third resolution, v/a3 warmly choored. He thanked the-. rev. chairman for the honour conforrred on him, a stranger amongst them, in deputing him to bei the proposer of one of the resolutions at so im portant a meeting. He would have been more pleased that some person moro competent to deal: with tho subject had been chosen. Ho however - felt tho greatest pleasuro in testifying to the very able, eloquent, and instructive address juBt delivered by tho rov. chairman, one of tho most instructive he had overheard in his life, embracing all points of tho important subject that brought them together that day, so that there vao nothing left for him to say, had he tho eloquence to do so. Ho would however preface his resolution by a few remarks. It was gratifying to ovory Catholic who gloried in the name, to find, after the manner in which the Catholics, their bishops, priests, and -their holy religion had- beon maligned through!-: ?out the length and breadth of the colony, taking! v^.the1 best means available, that of holding public Si'Sneetings, to ropudato tho assertion that they were . 'not; in unison with their pastors on the subject of the pastoml. He did not think a bettor mode could bo chosen of proving to their calumniators tho f&lboLcort; of their assertion, and that while do ing thii; inioy 7,'oro also endeavouring by petitions ? to urgo upon the (?,-overmnent the justice of their claim, that is to have their proportion of tho edu cation vote set apart for themselves to enable them to teach their children according to their own convictions, and if they only persevered, and lost no favourable opportunity of urging their juafc claims, there was no doubt but that they would ultimately succeed. There wore in both branches of tho Legislature of the colony good and generous men, who would see and uphold tho justice of their claim. It was also a pleasure to see that men of tho highest intelligence of other denominations, especially of tho Church of England, were with them in their demand. The Government well knew of the many nnd great eaorifices Catholics had made in tho cause of education since the establishment of Public schools in the colony, and it is fully aware that no Catholic worthy of the name can suffer hJis children to be educated in the Public schools. ?Oatholic-3 havo already given sufficient proof of 'this. It will therefore be the greatest injustice if !not actual tyranny, to deprive Catholics of all ;aid fro Denominational schools. Mr. Coon then ?mentioned some of the sacrifices that had been -anade by tho Catholics in the diocese of Bathurst 'on the question of education. He could mention Dubbo especially, whore the Catholics had made great sacrifices for the sake of religious education. Ho would conclude by moving tho resolution entrusted to his care. It wa3, — ' That the giving aid from the common Treasury to enable the people to havo schools in accordance with their feelinga, tho sending tho Government Inspector to examine all schools according to a fixed xmiform standard, and tho payment by results and capitation would leave religious feeling free end would bo fair for all classes.' Mr. Thomas Walsh seconded the resolution, which vras carried. Mr. John Lyons moved tho fourth resolu tion :— ' That a petition containing tho foregoing resolutions be at onco drawn up, and s-x'lqv being Binned, forwarded to tho Hon. M. ITitapd'.rick, M. P., for presentation to Parliament. Mr. J. M'Evoy seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Conlon proposed a vote of thanks to the rev. chairman, which was seconded by Mr. Coon, and carried by acclamation. Father O'Eeeffo acknowledged tho compli ment, end the meeting v/as brought to a close about 2 o'clock. [The petition has been dgncd by over 300 persons, end forwarded to tho member for Yasa.] [Ouv correspondent affirms ihd; the r.bovo is a word- for-vrord report of the speeches, 'v.3 a meeting o£ 250 i^rsona can testify.' As an illuatration of tho feeling by which the Yass Courier h at present inspired against Catholics, ?we append its report of the same meeting, which we reprinted in our last issuo in the absence of fuller and more reliable information : — ' Last Sunday, almost tho whole of tho congregation assembled in St. Augustine's Church, after OZTass, adjourned to tho girl's schoolroom, and a, meeting was held to -consider the education question, when resolutions similar to tho3e passed at meet ings liclcl in other p;ir!;j of the diocoao were unanimously agreed to, and a petition to the Legislature 'adopted. Tho Eev. Father O'Keeffe delivered a short preliminary address, stating the object of tho meeting, when Mr. M. Conlon moved tho firot resolution, which was seconded by Mr. John Collins. Mr. P. Hartigan proposed the second resolution, which was seconded by Mr. Thomas Welsh. The third resolution was pro posed by Mr. M. Coen, and seconded by Mr. J. M'Evoy. With one exception the resolutions were proposed and socondod almost without comment.'] 