The Advertiser MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1879. A few days ago a letter appeared in our correspondence columns relating to the position of the porters who are employed on our railways. The letter was clear and circumstantial in ite statements, and having met with no official contradiction or quas tioo ac to the accuracy of the assertions it contained may presumedly be regarded as true. Although it has no connection with the eight hoars question, it clearly owes its origin to the dispute which has arisen in Gawlei upon that subject. The writer con tracts the position of the eight hours worker with that of the railway porter; it also dretrs comparison* between the condition of the latter and that of the police. If the facts as put forth by " Vindicator*1 in the letter referred to may be relied on, and there appears to be no reason to doubt them, it cannot be denied that the terms on which the porters are required to work demand come readjustment The com plaint made is that the porters are com pelled to work tau hours and a half as tb? ordinary day's work, and besides this ure frequently required to work a " long day"«* eighteen or more hours, and that the extra hours, whatever they may be, are in sufficiently remunerated. The pay f k ten hours aud a half is six shil lings and sixpence, and for the long day only three shiUimrs extra. The porter consequently receives only wages for a day and a half for the actuil work of two days. Our correspondent further fiUowi that while the police are clothed at the public expense the railway porter has to dress decently at his own expense, out of a wage of a shilling and sixpence a day lea* than the police officer, while that functionary is required to bs on duty ouly eight hours instead of ten and a half. The laborer it is also urged gets eight shillings a day for eight hours work, and is not put to any unusual expense in finding the clothes in which he does his work. This cannot betrueof ordinary laborers, but it is of a huge proportion of the working classes. Now we shall not discuss the position of railway porters in connection with the eight hours movement. There are many Irindfiof employment to which the eight hour* system would be wholly inapplicable, and it seems to us that the regular working of our railways takes the railway porters out of its operation. The general convenience of the public would suffer greatly if eight hours were fixed upon as the inexorable limit at which labor should cease, and the extra expense of a very large staff would be added to the confusion and irregularity consequent upon the frequent coming and going of relays of men. All this, how ever, does not establish any sufficient ground for underpaying or overworking our railway employes any more than any other class of servants. Sobriety, honesty, industry, and intelligence should form in dispe?S&ble; qualifications for all who are engaged on the railways; indeed, the ab sence of any one of them at a critical moment might lead to serious loss of life and destruction of property. The same amount of vigilance and activity cannot be expected from men who are forced to work for such an unreasonable time as eighteen or nineteen hours at a stretch, and the adoption or enforcement of a system which lequires it seems to us inconsistent with & wise economy or a. due regari for tUa welfare of men upon 'whom so muck de pends. Tf ten hours and a half of labor are worth 6s. Cd., an extra eight or nine hours are assuredly worth more than 3a. Double time at only half wages extra is a grievous in justice to those who are compelled to sub mit to the regulation which enforces it, and is more likely to drive good men out of the sendee than to induce a superior class to enter it. We do not say that ihose who have the control over our railways should compete with private em ployers by offering and paying waxes at the highest standard of the day. If anything the wages should be something- lower, the difference being compensated by other ad vantages, such as permanency of employ ment and those rewards which ought to be bestowed for long aud faithful services and good conduct. A reasonable regard, how ever, must be extended to the nature of the employment, the hours of labor, and the physical capacity of the employed. The men should be fairly paid for what they do; they should be protected from the general bad consequences which spring from overwork and uncertain hours; and they should be placed on a footing of fair equality with others in their own station in life who are employed in other Govern ment establishments. The Government in all cases ought to be able to command the services of the best men, but to do this it is indispensable that they should be fairly paid and honestly worked. The case made out by the railway porters shows that they feel aggrieved on both of these points; and if their complaints are just, no delay should take place in removing the grounds of complaint. The fact is, that for a long time past our railways have been in an unsatisfactory state. They do nat pay expenses, nor do the annual returns provide anything considerable towards the payment of the interest on the money borrowed to make them. It has already been frequently pointed out how this happens. The demand for economy in the working of the railways has been considerably strengthened by the unsatisfactory appearance of the annual balance-sheets, and Mr. Pendteton doubt less considers himself bound to curtail expenses to the lowest practical limit, and in this every one will agree with him. But the underpayment and overworking of the servants of the railway will not make both ends meet. The annual saving effected in this way is not of much importance, because it forme but an insignificant part of what must be gained before we can look upon our railway investments as being truly reproductive. The saving of three shillings a day on the overtime wages of two hundred porters oiice iv every week would only amount to a trifle orer £],50D a year, and that goes but a short way to make up the difference between a profit of less than 1 per cent, and 4 per cent., winch must be reached before we shall cease to pay interest on our loans out of the general revenue. As the case now presents itself the railway authorities do not pay tfce best men the beit wages. On the contrary they pay all sorts of men indifferent wages, and they do not pay for all the work which it seems they require them to perform. Such a system, whatever its origin, v a bud one. It is neither economy nor justice, and is calcu lated to unsettle the minds o* honest work men, who are already exposed to the in fluence which the eight hoars system has already extended over the general relations which obtain between the working- classes and the employers of labor. At any rate Uiere seems no adequate reasons arising out of the position of our railways, or of those who are employed upon them, why any of them should be placed at a serious dind- VftiiUge when their state is compared with that of other laboring men, and if any euch disadvantage exists it ought immediately and finally to be removed. Thk subject of Australia undertaking the colonization of New Guinea is not by any means a new oue, nor is the idea of Great Britain annexing that iaknd of very recent date. Both questions have frequently been raised, and have been much discussed both here and in the mother-country, but uo definite conclusion has ever been come to with reference to them; and the coas3 quence is that the matter will ba contiuu al!y coming to the fore unlil oue of two things happens. Either the country will have to be annexed by Great Britain or taken posaeasion of by some foreign power, aa alternative which should certainly be provided against. Its southern extremity co nearly approaching the northern point of our own territory at oace shows bow very undesirable it would be to allow any foreign power to have a naval station there. It will be remembered that between three and four years ago Mr. Labilliere wrote to Lord Carnarvon, who was then Secretary for the Colonies, urging upon him the desirableness of an attempt being made to colonise New Guinea. This letter, with a covering des patch, was forwarded to the Governors of the Australian Colonies for them to report upon it. The principal argument advanced against the scheme was that put forward by Sir Hercules Robinson, who did not con sider annexation desirable, as there was no disposition on the part of Australians to go to New Guinea, and be stated his belief that there was no possibility of the colonists going to that island for some time to come. This may be true enough, but it cannot be regarded as an unanswerable argument against the place being taken possession of by theiliritifih Government; and although the colonists in the broad acceptation of the term might not be disposed to go there, still we know that since the announcement of the discovery of gold in the island many adventurous spirits have left the colonies to try their fortunes on the new alluvial ground. The subject of the colonization or an nexation of New Guinea has again been prominently brought under under public notice through a paper by Signor I) 1 Albertis on "New Guinea—its Fitness for Coloniza tion.7' This paper was read at a meeting of the Royal Colonial Institute, held in London on December 17 last, at which, there was present a large gathering of influential representatives of the several colonies of Australasia. In the unavoidable absence of Signer D'Albertis the paper was read by Dr. Bennett, of Sydney. Signor L?'Alberti6's paper was a very interesting one, dealing- with the characteristics of the natives and the country, or rather a part of the country, for the writer confined him self to a description of Yule Island and th? \ mainland in ite vicinity, which lie considers to be the most euitable part on which to commence the work of colonization; Yule bland on account of the salubrity of its climate, its fine harbor, and its excellent position; and the mainland because of its extensive and well-irrigated plains, backed by a line mountain range, and especially on account of its inhabitants, among whom he lived for many months, and whom be found to bo intelligent, industrious, and even hard-working people. The mainland in the proximity of Yule Island is described as being well watered and abundantly grns6ed, the hind being Jit for both agri cultural purposes and the rearing of cattle. The climate is spoken of as good, the heat being moderate. Water carriage for bringing produce from the interior would not be available at once, but this would appear to be only a question of time and expense. Signor D'Albertis says that from the summit of a hill of about 1,200 feet he saw a large extent of plains with lagoons, and the River Amama (the Hilda | Itiver of the Basilisk expedition) flowing through the middle, coming from the north, and discharging itself into the River Nicura before reaching the sea. Its depth | warrants the belief that it might serve as a means of penetrating into the interior, but at present this would not be practicable, on j account of trunks of large trees encum bering the river bed, to rid it of whbh ' European skill and capital will be required. This is all very, encouraging for intending settlers, but there are other particulars given by the Signor which appear to point |to this portion of New Guinea as a desir able place of residence. The natives seem to hare gained the entire confidence of the great naturalist, and he gives many inte resting particulars respecting them. Who shall doubt their honesty if the following incident be illustrative of their general ba havior ? Speaking of " a village called Purok, Signor D'Albertis says:—"About five miles further up a high hill there was a market-place. It consists of a large cir cular space cleared from grass, trees, &c.; Here the natives of the villages from fifteen to twenty miles distant meet at certain seasons to trade. I saw a heap of cocoanuts left there with no one in charge of them, | waiting the opening of the marker, the owner living ten miles away. There was do danger of their being stolen; and yet we call these people savages!" As to their belief in a future state opinions are some what divided. Some authorities maintain that the Papuans believe in a condition after death, in which the departed ones are capable of bringing a calamity upon the survivors, while at the same time they say that the spirit goes away into space, but eventually £nds its -way back to the place which they associate with the idea of plenty and animal enjoyment; in one place where sago abounds, and iv acother where tbe supply of betel nuts is inexhaustible. Id either case the state is a most enjoyable one, '•plenty" being its chief characteristic. The Ber. G. W. Lawes, who for about three years lived at Port Moresby, some 70 miles to the eist ward of Yule Island, states that these are their views. That they have some idea of & future awakening is borne out by an inci dent related in the paper of Signor D'A.l -bfcrtis. Speaking of the death of the eon of a chief and of the burial of the body, he says:—" For many days and nights after the mother tool: her food, slept, and made her fire near the grave, singing a mournful song, always ending in ' Come back, come back.' I asked one of the chiefs if the boy was dead. His reply was, 'No; he has gone to sleep.'" It most be understood that what has preceded this refers to the natives of the mainland near Yule Island, and sot to the inhabitants of the island itself, who are described as of a lower type in personal appearance,. more timid, l«ss honest, and less intelligent than their neigh bore. No nation is free from peculiarities, and this rule applies with particular force to peoples and tribes who have little con tact with the world. But of all the strange customs of which we read there is none so unique as one which we are now told pre vails in some parts of New Guinea. It is well known that the ladies do, as a rule, in every country and in every grade of society, have their own way, aud " rule the roast" generally; but this is accomplished in an indiiect way, and so insidiously that the other sex, whiie forwarding the views of ibe gentler portion of creation, are unaware of the fact, and fondly believe that they are directing everything in accordance with tbeir own superior judgment In New Guinea, however, we are told that in some places the women have the supre macy. How this came about is cot im parted to us, nor whether it is of recent origin or has been a long-established custom; but Signor D'Albertis naively re" marks that where the women once secure this advantage they manage to keep it. In the discussion which followed the reading of the paper considerable ability was displayed. The first speaker was the Rev. G. W. Lawes, who may be regarded as a decided authority on any subject con nected with New Guinea. He deprecated the idea of the island being occupied by the digger, without some judicial authority being established as a restraining influence to the lawlessness of the adventurers who were likely to find their way thither in search of gold, and referred to a case where one of these men had shot a native for merely brandishing his spear at him; a demonstration which, he said, every one who knows the natives is aware has no more meaning than the shaking of an umbrella would have among Europeans. He also stated that the climate must be always a drawback to colonization, fever and ague being prevalent not only on the coast but on the higher laud's in the inte rior ; and the fact that Signor D'Albertis speaks of Yule Island as being necessary as a sanatorium points to the same conclusion. Mr. Labilliere, who is a warm advocate for the colonization of New Guinea, said we must have possession of the island for our own sakes and for the sake of tbe native inha bitants, "unless we are content to allow some foreign power to go there and assume a menacing position with regard to the Aus tralian dominions of the Empire by occupy ing powerful stations and harbors in the island." And he asks, " What is the policy of procrastination doing? What is the Government gaining by not annexing the island, as it will have to do ?" And he answers bis^questions thus:—" The Imperial Government is endeavoring to put off the inevitable; and what happens when you do ut off the inevitable ? Why, what ought to be done at an earlier period ie done at a later period with much lees advantage." Mr- Westgartfa, an old Victorian colonist, ani who was referred to by Sir. .Labfliiere as the gentleman who first suggested the im portance of colonifjing New Guinea, also spoke in favor of the Government at once taking the matter up. No resolutions were passed, the meeting contenting itself with expressing their indebtedness to Signor D'Albertis for his able paper, and with showing their approval of tbe sentiments of the speakers by applause. Whether any immediate steps will be taken as a result of this meeting is of course somewhat problematical; but as it will be the means of again bringing- the question under the notice of the Borne Government, it is not improbable that we shall hear something further about it before long, especially if it be the meaas of awakening the authori ties to a sense of the danger which would, attend the appropriation of the island bjr some foreign power. Communication on the Port Darwin: Telegraph line has been interrupted beyond the Daly Waters, and on the "Western Australian, luie beyond Albany since Saturday night. ' The public school at Goolwa is to be opened bj His Excellency Sir Wbl. Jemns oa. Monday, March 10. The public school at Unddla ? to be opened on March 19. During the early part.of February $n? Minister of Education took a trip throng. liyndorh to Angaston, calling, at several inter vening townthips on his way. Toe abject of his ,vUH was to enquire into the educational wants of the districts, and a notice of ilia journey has already appeared in oar columns. We are now able to give the results of his en quiries. At Lyndoch the question of a new site tor the public school was. brought before him; die site has since been fined, and tended will shortly be called for the erection of a school house. While at Lyndoch. a. deputation waited on the Minister in zefejseace to. a line of telegraph from there to WHliamstOTra. Tbe Goverzime&t; have feqlr^y* into **MWfi'iAr*ifr*An the representations of their colleague, aodhava decided to place a bubs on the ix&ntates; for carrying ont the wishes of the deputation.'; At Eowland'e Flat the repairs aud alteration to the schoolbouse suggested by the teacher are being carried oat. At Tanuuda are in progress for the purchase .of a piece of lacd required to complete the ficliobl&oate; pre mises, and additional accommodation will be provided. At Nuriootpa additional debool ac commodation is also to be provided. The ne cessary plans for tbe building at the two latter places are now in the hands of the Architect-in- Chief. A cite for the Post and Telegraph Office hu baeu under consideration ;12iejprica of tbe land has been fixed by the osroJec.- At Greenoek a little difficulty arose as to the" site for tbe Post and Telegraph Office, whichi* has been decided shall bs definitely £xed"by Mr. C. Tcdd,CM.G. The site of tbe Post-OSce at Apgatloa will be fixed at an early date. The wuolecf the matters brought nader ibe notice of the Minkler of Education have thns 4?en. settled of aie in a fait way of arrangement. The single women by the LoehFyne-wiS be at ihe Servant's Home early this morning. The bodies of a number of apparent!/ stillborn children have been found boded in tits footpaths and graves in the Timarn Cemetery, New Zealand, having been placed: there by stealth during night time. Enquiries ateimag instituted into the matter. . : ~ On Saturday evening, March S, a meeting \ totherendents'of TeatreeGtulyvaiheldinihe local Council Chambers for the purpose of t?lring steps to secure a water supply for the -nictrict. Councillor James Battly presided. There was a large attendance, and * deputation was* ap pointed to wait on the Commissioaer of Public 'Works on the subject. "Just before going to press last night," says the tori JPirie Ouette of March 7,:" we beard a rumor to the effect that a vessel was ashore in the Gulf, and that signals of distress were seen from the pott ear!? on Thursday messing. We beard that the stranded vessel was the Airlie.but on enquiry at" the agents* office ire could get no confirmation of there port.*' Mr. David Norman, Jun., of Yahl, has left at tbe office of the BorderWatch a sample of this season's hops, grown on his property at Yahl. Tbe quality, though inferior to last season's yield, by reason of the unfavorable season, is nevertheless good. Mr. Norman has this year eight acres under hops, and he expects, judging by the results of the picking so far, about 1,000 lbs. per acre. Last year he had 1,700 lbs. per acre. Picking commenced at Yahl last week. The Border Watch of March 8 says:— " From several stations we hear reports of stock suffering severely from want of feed and water, acd there is no doubt that if rain does not come soon the losses wifl be very heavy. Already sheep are dying in considerable numbers, and in scare cases tbe waterholes are getting blocked up with their dead «-n««nn, Farmers too, are complaining of scant feed, and tbeir big hay stacks ate not likely to prove any too big by the timespring comes." The following paragraph is taken from the Standard of March B:—'' Tee Very Rev. the Dean invited the Ber- Hartley Williams to preach and assist at the eslebiatioa of the Holy Communion in St. Paul* Church on Sunday last. We understand that the Bean; took this step as the most effectual means of contradict ing certain false reports respecting the standing and character of the Ber. Hartley Williams with which the name of tbe Dean as Vicar- General has been lately associated." Society at Wellington, in New Zealand,recentir demanded an ?«■«•??«.^ of os. per week ou the day, and Id. per thousand on the night papers, with a corresponding in crease for overtime. The masters have remon strated, and several confewuces have taken place, but the Society insists upon an increase. The whole of the masters, including the Govern ment printer, have agreed not to grant the demand, and a general strike is therefore pro bable It is stated that the Government have cabled to the Agent-General to send out a number of compositors. The latest freak of the notorious Edward Kelly (remarks the Riverine Herald) fully maintains his character for impudence. la a i mining centre within the boundaries of the electorate of Kodney a grand fete is to be held on Bt. Patrick's Day. In Echuca resides one who is said to be acquainted with the Kelly and Quinn familifw, and lalel? he received a letter from Ned Kelly, enclosing a £5-note towards the funds for the deaioiistnitiflo on St. Patrick's Day, the recipient averring that Kelly i naively states that the bank-note was a portion of the plunder annexe! at Jerildme. "A sad accident occurred ou the race course yesterday," reports the Melbourne Argus of March 7, '■ which cast a gloom over the after noon's proceedings. Speculation fell at the last hurdle, which was half down, and his rider (Boyd) wag struck on the dead by one of the horses, and his skull fractured. He died within half an hour after being brought into the casualty-ward. Mr. £. C ttagot made a collection on behalf of his trid-iw and three children, and obtained over £20L> before the racing was over. The poor fellow bore an excellent character, and great sympathy was expressed." ; "The Government of New Zealand," states the Sydney Morning HeraUir have re ceived further correspondence from the Agent- General, enclosing correspondence from Messrs. Galbraith &Deuny.the; well-known shipowners, re the proposed direct steam service. They sug gest a two-monthly service as sufficient for pre sent requirements. They propose to supply three steamers of superior class, with an average speed of twelve and a quarter knots. The outward voyage, via the Gape of Good Hope, is to occupy 42 days. They want an eight yean' contract, and ask for a subsidy oE £80,000 annually. Sir Julius Vbgel urges tho Government to accept the service.*' The Boman Catholic Bishop (Dr. Bey nolds) paid a visit to the Christian Brothers* schools, Wakefield-stoeet, on Wednesday, March 5, prior to hb departure for Borne. After he had addressed the boys, they wished him success in his visit and a safe return. His Ixudship, who appeared to be much moved, promised that he would speak of them to tbe Pope, and ask his Apostolic benediction for each of them and for their parents and teachers. He also promised iha boys a silver medal for uniform good conduct and attendance at school. The Ber. Father Byrne, V.G., stated that he would give a silver medal to the boy who proved himself most expert in arithmetic. Both these prises will ba given in December next. A. meeting-of the Port Adelaide Pioneers Committee was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, .St. Vincent-street, on .Saturday eveninjr, March 8. Two delegates from the men on strike at Gawler attended, 4ssd handed in a report showing how the funds had been expended by the strike Committee. They also reported that all the boy? out on . strike wen now, sent to school. The meeting evprewmd istsatisfactiou with the report of the delegates, and urged upon them to be firm and attend by their principles. The Port men would stead by them and aid them all in their power %n cany out what they considered was right. . Xhft^ekgasss were thanked for attending, and . the meeting considered it would be advisable to aand a further sum of JBiO to Gawler this weak. 'The reason for expecting the Mansfield gang in the vicinity of the South Australian border is probably," cays the Hamilton Spectator, " out Byrne, wha is a member of the gang, is .known to have frieuds at Mount Gambier. The ; bank robberies committed by the Eellyshave sdways been preceded by an influx of strangers Into the township where the attack was to be made,, and it is probable that amongst the people whom it is customary for' Mr. Kelly' to bail np at the hotels and stations visited by him tberj i* slwavs*. ■prinkliag of confederates, who, if a . shot was fired, would be ready to assist iv «arryiag ont the threats made by the loader of thegang that, in the event of resistance beiag Offered, the local population would be able to ««im in their own blood." ; 'aap>£u her lut trip to Adelaide the Ptsnola. \- afrwawwT reached Kingston on Saturday night, Maraa 1, and the ageutsadvised Captain Snewin that rigtit.aalnoa.and several steerage passengers would begoing by her. * Their dissatisfaction." •ay* the Sordtr IPktek of Maroh 8, "maybe ioMgfeed:whan it is stated that ere their roes asqger ntarsed the steamer was seen steaating -•way. This feeling was greatly deepened on \- -toning that sk> explanation or apology had been ■ **at tor the-tairaordiary preceding. We are .-• M—uud that there was bo imaginable reason \- teOsptafcatiaawia having acted in?uehadis «blaging way. The passengers were ranch dis \- astMtntea, especially one lady who was going 4B to join • vessel bound for England. We • Jane-no doabMbe Directors will enquire inti 4k? cocnpUiftt, and take steps to prevent a *j^tt ihhummiftr * "There are many residents of the Moun* Gcsdrier district who," says the South-Easter* •arar.-" will regret to learn that His Excellency ti? Governor has declined to interfere with the sentence tit three months'imprisonment passed on the 11th January by Mr. O'HaUoran, S.at,on John Kraser for furious riding on New Year's Day. The Governor, of coarse, acted upon the advice of the -Executive Council, who were, no daoht, influenced by some report on the subject, fraaor'a brother, who forwarded tfu requisition. vaCftMty injustices of the Peace and uonrds of a hundred other persons, has received the fa?owictg reply.-—'Chief Secretary*a- Office, JUMiidn. February 87,1879. Sir—l am directed tiy the Chief Secretary to inform you that the petition forwarded with your letter of the 87th , ,<dL has been duly laid before His Excellency ' IB* Gsmrnor, who declines to Interfere with the, aeirWn'u passed upon your brother John Hbsjbt.—l hare the honor to be, Sir, your -obedient servant, Fsbd. J. Saxdsssok, Acting Us^Seoretair." H*e following ghost story is related by . 4hs MsttDonaeH Say osrrespondent of the -rTssrt ffsifiii Sttrz—" An extraordinary super ■S??ta?sloeossxease which is said to have taken .fhO?ositte coast between hem and Eivoli Biy ?mtiaga great sensation here. Walter ani Wsfttasa Oarriacn have been at work for same lttUatiawiobtstningon front tbe whale which was steaaded oa «be beach. Tbe other day they were oat shnoHng in the vicinity and did -not xetam *o their tent sOl aftar nightfaU. Jast aa the twilight William Garrison was leaning bis gnu for a last shot, when all at onoa he heard a hideous yell, and turning hi* ■eyes in. the direction from whence the sounJ proceeded, he observed what appeared t3 oe a man of nnnsoally tall stature making towards hira. Carrison looked wi& a fixed gaze at tbe object, and it appeared so weird and un earthly that his blood began to chill and hi* bairto bristle. On it came, and ai it approach c 1 y«Sed again. Oarrison tium pat a cap on his gum, and taking aim fired at tbe object, whica aiyii.il to sink into the ground ont of sight, -ani ieftoo trace behind. At the same instant Walter Oarrisnn, who was about a mile from his taatfaa; saw s similar apparition, and hiring lobsbb loaded and capped at tile time.fire 1. That object, ton, appeared to have felt the shot, -and Belted into thin air. The peaple here be- Uere the (bast or ghosts are those of some per son orpscsons who have bsen murdered nearthe •pot abere they were seen." Some rime ago the blacks near Coottown made a wanton attack upon Messrs, Hartley and Sykes, for which prompt pmushment was meted art to ftsan. Sub-Inspectac O'Connor, with sax troopen, states the SodAmmftaa BuIUtU, iiiisiiil tbe harbor in a boat at night, and by Ti—**??T?** picked up the tracks of the blacks. The latter, however, discerned tbe approach of lrasfus,and retreated across the range to the 4Measi hesnh. The Inspector *^>*^* divided his jonses, and with ooe party made a detour in the iwr*1 B'—8 '— of flapo Bedford, and hemmed the Macks wtttrin a narrowjgorge, of which boti^out aen wereseeared by the tzoopets. There ware 28 men and 13 gins thus enclosed; none of the former escaped. Twenty-four were shot down on the beach and four swam out to ssa. The Tnfrwt"- and his men than sat down on the beach and waited for the swimmers to re turn, bat without success, and as after sereral hoars they were lost-eight of it a conjectured 4bey were drowned. One woman also swam out Iromtbelaed, aad after rpmainrng four hours ia the waser was «aptnred by a trooper who went in after her. The men banted ap the re snsinilnr nfttMi gins, sad baring found a meer «essMon pipe sad tomahawk in their possescion UfitfiH to Mr. Hartley; the Inspector was —tiffin ttft*— 1 ■•* «^«^^ HmnfiMit.pMjila ThU -was explained to the lnbras. and they were then pandned to go away. The foregoing facts 3Mst be of special interest to the Kelly gang iostaow. The JLtondon DaUy Telegraph of January O.waansealangonthe'proceedingsinthe Avon CaUtobhery case, considers Mr. KUiston to have been very hardly used, and mentions facts which •earn to tell forcibly in favor of the aseused. Alter referring to the insufficiency and sus flfinnnnttis of the evidence apdnst nim, and severely renectmg npoa the action of the autho rities, it eays:—"ln the meanwhile Mr. Bllis tam, fg"«"mt of all these extraordinary pro ceedings, had in conseqaenoe of ill-health left the sea, returned to his native town of Ipswich, and tbere applied tar the vacant office of chief •constable of tbe borough. His family and con nexions wee all persons of inflnenw, bsinj among the oldest and most respectable in that part of the country. Had Mr. BUiston been imnsnisrd of even apart of the sum which it was alleged he had token he would certainly not have needed to go to Ipswich to live with his brother. Kor is it likely that he would have -frft f -*b<p* to compete for the position of head constable in a small provincial place at salary i& some £890 a year." In conclusion, the Tdtptpk says:—"ft now only remains to be hoped that the same police which has been so energetic in following Mr. Miston will display -; m n.> ang equally successful activity ii regard to the teal culprit, and prove the statement , that be will'doabOes-, coon bs recaptured'to have had some foundation in fact. A double reason «rists for his being brought speedUy to lostice, and no abme should be left unturned until he is rediscovered and brought back to "A. case involving questions of inter aatMoal law «ame before the Sandridge Court *esteroay, n writes tbe Melbourne Age of Match 7. * Wilson, the chief officer of the Penvian ship Oineta Elvira, was summoned by John Uolley, a seaman, and a British subject, foe assault on the high seas daring the voyage iron Hew York to Melbourne, on the Ist January, It was alleged the complainant bad -Jus anna handcuffed behind his hack, and was thentrieed up to the boat davits for an hour, with only his toss touching the deck, and that fais arms were greatly swollen when loosened. Jar. Bead, on behalf of defendant, put in the plea of foreign flag and no jurisdiction. Jt>. Kmaraon, for the complainant, stated that tbe latter was locked-up on board, together with two witnesses, to prevent their appear- Stnee in Court. The Bench, being without any evidence in regard to the nationality of the shift seas the police onboard to bring up the Ss?f&aaned; "^"pl«jnrmt The latter stated thatsjie carried the Peruvian flag,and he had •hipped in New York. He confirmed, so far ma the opposing counsel would allow, the al leged particulars of the assault. After a short «onsaltatisn the Bench the case for want of jurisdiction The captain then wanted *o get Oolley back on beard, and by force, if neoeesarjr, but under the advice of his solicitor she latter refused, and it appears that on the -very plea pat in to quash proceedings the com fdainant is debarred from any legal means to mover any of bis men, should the whole crew «hoose to desert, there being no Peruvian Con eoHn. Victoria to issue tbe necessary warrant." Commenting upon the difficulties 'winch GorernoEs have to encounter in the administra tion of ihe affairs of Victoria, the Oiurch of MagUmi Utuenger remarks:—"We have jus welcomed onr seventh. Governor aiace the sepa ration of the colony from Hew South Wales. Certainly ire cannot complain of want of variety la the characters of those gentlemen who, tram time to time, have been sent oat fiom home to represent the Grown in Viotoria. Looking at the tot, it must be contested that we have bad at the head of oar affairs men the most widely differing in mental constitution and political experience. To nnne of them, we fear, has oar Government House proved itself.abed of rases. The piety aud benevolence of Mr. Latrobe, tbe buff honesty of Sir Charles Hbtham, the tact and wisdom of Six Henry Barkly, the frank In minim of Bir Ooarles Darling, the sagacity and statesman ship of lord Canterbury, and now the elegant scholarship and address of Sir George Bo wan— all have failed to conciliate for their owners either tbe goodwill without which it v burden some to govern or the regret without which it ib painful to depart. It remain* to be seen whether the Marquis of Normanby will be happier in this respect than his prede cessors have been. He brings with him from his former Governments the reputation of a man of firmness and sense, of large heart and liberal mind. These are qualities which, if any, should secure for their possessor success in administration with the respect and esteem bosh of his official advisers and of the outside world." The intercolonial sculling match for £109 a side is thus reported in the Melbourne Age of March 6:—"Tbe match between Robert Ed wards and Peter Sullivan, which has for some time past created considerable interest in row ing empales, took place yesterday afternoon on the Cower Yam, the course tSeiiig from the gas works to a point two miles down aiieam. The condition of young Kd wards was muoh admired, whilst the Sydney man seemed to ba too fiae altogether, and did not scull is anything like such good style as Bdwards. The betting on leaving the wharf commenced by offers of 3 to 1 on Bdwards with so taken; at lut 3 n 1 «v taken , to a good extent by some of the Sydney folks, j Directly the start was given it was quite appa rent that Edwards was altogether too much for Sullivan. Bdwards started off at thirty- eight to the minute without making any mistake, mad pulling as cleanly and well as passible instantly forged ahead, and before 2QO yards was rowed had drawn clear. Sullivan floundered away, •plashing very badly and catching his left scull in the water, apparently being unable to feather it properly, and although rowing at thirty-nine to the minute he quickly lost ground. When the first woolwashing sheds were reached Sdirards was a clear length to th egood, and had dropped down to thirty-two to the minute; a few hundred yards farther he again reduced his rate to twenty-eight or twenty-nine, and simply paddled all the rest of the way, finally passing the winning-post about a length and a half cU ir ahead. Sullivan could not steer properly, for he kept on pulling over into Edwards'* water." '•A new cure for liver complaint" is tbe subject of the following letter by ** A South Australian," in the Melbourne Argus of March 6:—"I cannot leave for my home in Adelaide without informing the public of my wonderful restoration to health received through railway travelling whilst on a visit to your cokmy. For the past three months I had been in very ill health. My medical art riser suggested a change, said my liver wanted shaking op, and recom mended atrip round to Melbourne, which advice I fallowed, and for some tune after my arrival here X kept getting worse, and was almost giving up hope of being able to return, when chance lea me to pay Williamstown a visit. I bad not got half-way through the journey when I became rather alarmed at the peculiar antics the bain was playing on approaching tbe stations. First of all, I was nearly pitched head foremost into the ?-p of the pas senger sitting opposite; then a sad., sn jerk bick i again and another lurch forward, aud a jerk j back again to my seat, followed by a tremulous feeling through mj whole body ms though I «-&• standing on the edge of a precipice. I enquired from a fellow-passenger sitting next me it' any thing wa? going wrong. ' Oh, no,' aays he.' it is only Jack Woods** patent brake; this is \ nothing; she is going pretty steady to-day.' 8j j with this assurance I went on to the terminus ' and returned safe back to Melbourne, feeling j much better for my trip, and which I repeated I every day for a week, and I now fee! perfectly j restored to health, having bad my lirer ■ tborougtly shaken in a way it nsver was before; j and I have no hesitation in saying that Jack I Woods's patent brake will prove a great boon to S people who like myself have a lirer that re- ■ quires shaking up.** j "With the new year," says the P.itf i JIaU Gatttte, «a pagebas been added to the navy-list, published by authority, which will save much trouble to those who wish to ascec tain tbe strength of onr squadronsor the names of j our men-of-war on any f oreicn station. It has i always been possible to obtain such infonna- ] tioa by searching through tbe list of ships in co?imission, as the station on which each , vessel is employed is printed in small letters i belww its name; bat now on a single page a list j of stations is given, and under each a list of j the ships actually on that station. Thus it ! can be seen at a glaace that on the Ist of j January, 1879, then were 28 men-of-war j belonging to the Mediterranean fleet; while | four-others, forming the Channel squadron, j were also temporarily in the Mediterranean, i Of tbe vessels of the Mediterranean fleet, j again, nine—namely, the Achilles, Alexandra, Invincible, Monarch, Pallas, Bcsearch, Rupert, Temeraire, and Thunderer—are ironclads, the remainder being small unarmored vessels, with , the exception of the ttaleigh. a frigate of 5,203 j tons displacement. The four vessels of the ; Channel squadron—the Asincovrt, Defence, j Minotaur, and Shannon—are all ironclads. Oa j the North-American station there are, it ap- I pears, 14 men-of-war, one of which, tbe Bellero- j phon, is an armored vessel. On the Pacific | station there are nine ships, one, again, the ; Triumph, being an ironclad ; on the West Coast j of Africa there axe 11 ships; on the But India j station, 12; on the China station, 21, all small j craft with the exception of ooe ironclad, tbe j Iron Duke; and on the Australian station, 9. : Three Teasels are employed on particular ser- ] vice, six on surveying service; while 10, two of j which are ironclads, are ordered home." Messrs. E. S. Wlgg & Son's Art Exhibi tion at the Town Hall was very well attended j on Saturday afternoon and evening. An this j was the closing day of the Exhibition tiro musical performances were held, and proved a j source of much enjoyment to those who ; attended. In the afternoon Signer Gioraa ! treated the visitors to two solos on the organ and one on tue piano, and was assisted by tbe Hisses M. E. Jones, M. C. Nash, and Mr. Kn?x in carrying out an attractive programme. In the evening Signer Giorza also presided at the organ. The second open-air concert provided for the citizens by the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C was given on the Park lands, at the corner of [ East and South terraces, on Saturday evening, March 9. The weather was cool, and tbe full moon illnminated the scene, adding to the en joyment of the promenadem. There was a very good attendance, and all present seemed to thoroughly appreciate the excellent music pro duced by the military band. The programme of the previous Saturday evening was repeated j with great success. The military baud ; has now, under the care of Mr. Oeo. Oughton, reached such a standard of excellence i as to satisfy the most fastidious listener, and < their performances on Saturday evening were very much enjoyed. The stirring music of the march from "Norma" and the overture to "Tancredi" were done full justice to. The " Fantasia on Upgiiah airs," familiar to almost everybody, tbe " JSoyal Edinburgh Quadrille," selection from uTti-n.rni" «Potpourri Valse," "Chimes Folkfl,"and the "Pantomime Galop" were all rendered in a first-class manner and listened to attentively, Hiscocks & Hayman's Minstrel and Bur lesque Troupe still maintain their popularity at White's Booms, the company being on Satur day night again favored with one of tbe largest and most appreciative of *Ha|«iiA audiences. The programma was a change from that of Friday evening, and was evidently looked for ward to with much interest. Judging from the i ' frequent rounds of applause and imperative ! recalls during tbe evening, the minstrels were amply rewarded for their amusing efforts. The programme which was composed of songs, comic end sentimental, sketches, and choruses, was admirably gone through by the company, and the mirth-provoking witticisms of Bent and Brown fully deserved the applause with which they were greeted. Hawkins as the soprano rendered " little sister's gone to sleep" in ex cellent style, whilst Messrs. Cheevers and Kennedy in their portrayal of the negro, Irish, and Dutch characters were most amusing, The manager of the company, Mr. F. X. His cccks,whobas several times visited Adelaide, end alwas brought something worth seaing, in tends shortly to pay this city another visit with a new importation from America. Mr. J. H. Surridge, tbe agent for Messrs. Hiscocks, Hay man, & Co., who is now in America m?Myg arrangements for the best talent available, is ex pected to arrive by the next mail steamer from San Francisco with a large troupe of variety artists, who will first appear in Melbourne and flipn Adelaide. 