ADDRESS ON APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSION BY A WESLEYAN MINISTER, IN 1870. When presumptuous claims ate made and asserted with great assurance many unthinking minds mistake assertion for proof and assurance for demonstration; and if these assertions—that we are not true ministers —are capable of proof, then it is high time we had the proof. The matter is too important to pass by unheeded. If this particular section of a very good church had simply claimed that it was expedient they Bhonld be able to point back to a succession of bishops from the present down to Peter, then we should never have said a word; or if they had gone a little further, and vainly thought that such a succession would have given them a slight superiority over other churches, then we might have just smiled at their vanity and let them alone. But when they claim to be the sole successors to the apostles, the only true ministers of Christ, and consign us poor fellows (who have never had an Episcopal ordination—and what is more, never want to have) to doleful shades, I say then it goes beyond a joke, and demands a clear statement of what the apostolical succession really is. There are two distinct claims made by these successionists:—L That bishops by divine right are the successors to the Apostles and governors of pastors and people, and that they are distinct from and superior to presbyters. Tou will no doubt think that, as this claim is called a 1 * divine right,'' that they can abundantly prove it from Scripture. It will perhaps surprise you to hear that many of the most eminent successionists have given tip their attempts to prove it from the Scriptures, and admit with the learned Henry Dodwell that " the sacred writers nowhere professedly explain the offices and ministries." The Rev. Dean Alford said the gift of the Holy Spirit is "not by successive delegation from the Apostles, of which fidion I find in the Neio Testament no trace. They now rely principally upon the testimony of the Christian Fathers. But that testimony is as precarious as it is valueless to prove a divine right. To stand upon some allusive remark of an ancient church historian, and to make that a divine right—a binding command upon us of the 19th century—is certainly a course of action that we do well to question. No man should be required to prove a negative*. This we are almost driven : to do. It properly belongs to the successionists to prove their case; therefore if I succeed in throwing any reasonable doubt upon the quality of the evidence, or succeed in thoroughly overthrowing the evidence that is made to sustain this succession theory, then we should all accede to the conclusion that' it is a baseless fabric—a tradition of men and not a canon of Scripture. _ Our friends the successionists take Christ's commission to his apostles as belonging exclusively to them—" Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature, baptising them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and, lo ! I am with you alway, even to the end of the world.'' Now, by what process of reasoning they make that passage teach that they are the sole successors of the Apostles I cannot telL I have not met an argument from it yet worth stating. There is simply the dogmatic assertion, " There .is our charter, deny it who dare." It strikes me that they ought to prove that the order of Apostles was a standing " order" for all time ; and that there is a positive divine law saying who are the persons to succeed them. But neither of these things are capable of proof. But, on the other hand, it iB very clear that apostles were not .a standing " order" for all time, like the orders of presbyters and deacons. The true apostles of Christ had powers peculiar to the age, and these powers died with the age. For instance, they claimed:—(1) Immediate vocation ; that they received their apostleship not from men but from God; (2) that they were taught the gospel by immediate revelation; (3) that they were infallible teachers, for if any preached any other gospel he was to be accursed; (4) a commission of authority over doctrine; (5) they were eyewitnesses to our Lord's resurrection; and lastly, they had the power to'work miracles. Now, will any of our modern successionists lay claim to these properties and powers? If they can prove they have them we will then acknowledge their succession. But if they receive their apostleship from men and not direct from God ; if they have to study their Bibles and systems of theology like other men; if they are liable to make mistakes, in their apprehension and promulgation of truth, and are thus unfitted for decisive authority concerning the standard of truth ; and, finally, if they cannot work miracles to convince such sceptical persons as myself— then I must say they fail to prove that they possess any one essential qualification of an " apostle" in the prime and proper signification of that title. Why, the early Fathers felt this so kneenly that Ambrose said they " did not consider it decent for bishops to claim the title apostle, as they were so inferior to them." Eusebius says that "many were called apostles simply by way of imitation." It is evident that the title "apostle" in early days obtained a very wide significance; sometimes meaning a simple messenger of the church, sometimes any preacher of the gospel was called an "apostle," and sometimes it was restricted to those who were, as a Christian Father says, "apostles, indeed." St. Augustine speaks of four different classes of apostles in his day, and the third class were those " who were smuggled into the priesthood by popular favor." We therefore come to this conclusion: that bishops who claim to be in this succession do not succeed either to the qualifications of apostles, or even to the exclusive and primary use of the title apostle. Then the case of . Timothy is cited, and pleaded as a support to this successionist theory. Paul tells Timothy, "Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God that is in thee by the putting on of my hands." This is said to be proof positive that Paul ordained Timothy a bishop ; but it is very clear that the gift which Timothy received by the laying on of Paul's hands was the gift of the Holy Ghost, the power to work miracles—the same power which Simon Magus wished to buy for money. This gift could not be ordination or bishopric. To be told to stir up his ordination or his bishopric would be absurd. But the point is proved beyond controversy that Timothy received a Presbyterian ordination when Paul says .-—"Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on the hands of the presby- tery." It is worthy of note that Timothy is never styled a bishop in the Scriptures, neither are any of the apostles. Timothy was said to do the work of an evangelist, and was ordained by the presbytery. There is another attempt to get Timothy to sustain this sinking cause, when Paul says to Timothy, " As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus when I went into Macedonia." Now, this is regarded as proving beyond the shadow of a doubt that, as Timothy was besought to "abide still at Ephesus," that he must therefore have been bishop of Ephesus. Now, if that means he was bishop it looks like begging a man to stay where he is compelled to stay. If Timothy was bishop of Ephesus, then he was bound to abide there; and if he needed to be besought to stay, then it would seem as though he wished to shirk his duty and run off, like some travelling Methodist preacher, without consulting the Stationing Committee. If Timothy was bishop of Ephesus, then, to say the least of it (if we may eo speak), it was not very obliging of Paul to put it on record, in that way, that he had to beseech him to stay and do his proper work in his proper place. No! I cannot on such ground believe that he was bishop of Ephesus; and even if he were it would prove nothing of moment. It is further contended that a bishop is superior to a presbyter—that they are "spiritual princes," "vicegerents of the Lord," and have power to coerce those who will not obey them. We, in reply, undertake to prove that "bishop" and "presbyter" are substantially the same, and that the Bible does not sanction anything approaching that " lording it over ' God's heritage" which is claimed by successionists. The Greek word episcopos which" is translated "bishop," occurs five times in the New Testament, and in every place it signifies "oversight over the flock," and not oversight over pastors. Yet your opponents would teach that presbyters or elders (for we must bear in mind that each term is expressed by the same Greek word) are inferior to bishops and are to be subject to them. Now, Paul does not favor this at;all; he puts them on the same footing, when he says to Titus, "For this cause I left thee in Crete, that thou shouldest ordain elders in every! city, if any be blameless, the husband of one wife," &c.;, and then in connection with the same sentence he says, " for a bishop must be blameless." Now when he said "ordain elders," "for a bishop must be blameless," it is like saying " crown the king, for the sovereign must be crowned." It shows that elders, or presbyters, and bishops [are but two titles for the same office. St. Peter's testimony to this point is plainer still. He says, " The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder"—thus you perceive Peter called himself an elder—"j[feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof" (the Greek word here is epislcopountes, that is, acting the bishops) " not by constraint but willingly, not for filthy lucre but of a ready mind, neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock." Now, does not that prove clearly that Peter was an elder, or presbyter, and that those elders whom he was exhorting to do their ordinary work were acting bishops? Therefore, the conclusion we must come to is that bishops and presbyters are all one in the Scripture, for they have the same qualifications, the same powers, the same duties, the^ same ordination. So far from bishops having any Scriptural superiority over presbyters, I would guarantee to form a stronger argument for the other side. I honestly conceive there is far more in the Scriptures in favor of a presbyter being superior to a bishop, than a bishop to a presbyter. It is a noted fact that the apostles never call themselves bishops, but they do call themselves presbyters. The New Testament never speaks of bishops ordaining, but it does of_ presbyters. The council held at Jerusalem was not said to be of bishops, but of presbyters. When the collection was made for the poor of Jerusalem it was sent not to the bishops but to the presbyters. Of course, we know the reason of all this: it was because presbyters and bishops were all one. We would not seriously affirm that there is any difference, but if our opponents still contend for this distinction without a difference, then we affirm that we have the Scriptures all on our side. Canon Lightfoot says, " It is a fact now generally recognised by theologians pf all shades of opinion that in the language of the New. Testament the same office is called indifferently „bishop {Episcopos) and elder or presbyter (presbuterosj. Many of the Christian Fathers cotild be- quoted also to sustain our views. Jerome teaches that bishops and presbyters are one, and that for a time the church was governed by a council of _ presbyters, and that by-and-by, to prevent disunion and to promote peace and concord, one was chosen to take the chair, and he was styled by Ambrose, the "chief presbyter." He was elected from among co-equal brethren, just like the President of the Conference. These are prudential arrangements which commend themselves to everyone, and are vastly different to claiming the sole right to govern both pastor and people in a lordly and despotic manner. I have no wish to deal with elaborate quotations from the Fathers, but will just give one from Ignatius, who, all admit, seems to be the most favorable to the successionist theory of any of the Fathers. Yet he says:—"Let all reverence the presbyters as the Sanhedrim of God "—as the " college of apostles." We have now seen that the bishops' claim by divine right to be the sole successors of the apostles and governors of pastors and people has not been sustained from Scripture ; and furthermore, we have clearly proved, both from the testimony of Scriptures and the Fathers, that there is no essential difference between bishops and presbyters. 2 We next look at the second general claim chat is made, viz:—That this succession is a personal one, transmitting power through an unbroken line, and that those who are not in this line of succession are not true Christian ministers, and cannot properly, administer the Sacranients. You see this claim is based upon a personal succession to the apostles. We have already shown that they do not succeed to qualifications and powers of apostles, nor even to the name apostle ; so that their claims are narrowed down to the fact of their securing an apostolic ordination in direct line from St. Peter himself. They profess that this succession chain and the links of the chain are all perfect. We have not time to destroy as many links as we could; so that, if we show that a few of the first links are defective and disunited, then of course the rest of the chain is valueless to prove a succession. First of all, our opponents commence with an assumption that they do not prove. They assert that Peter was the first Bishop of Rome. It is now open to very grave question whether St. Peter ever aw Rome. However, for the sake of argument, we will concede the point that Peter actually took his bishop's chair at Rome. Who succeeded Peter? No one on earth cantelL Tertullian and his party say Clement; Irenius and his party contradict it, and say Linus ; others say Cletus ; thus, " when doctors disagree who shall decide ?" If Linus is put down as Peter's successor, it must be borne in mind that Bishop Pearson has proved that Linus died before Peter died. Who, then, is the third bishop, seeing that there is no certainty about the second? Here the confusion is as great. The Romish catalogues put in Cletus, then Clement, and then Anacletus. Bishop Pearson proves that Cletus and A nacletus are two names for the same person, Cletus being an abbreviation of Anacletas ; and yet in the succession they are marked as distinct popes, have two distinct reigns, with Clement between them. This makes Clement the fourth pope ; yet, Platina's Lives of the Popes says that Peter just before his martyrdom appointed Clement his successor, and yet all the while they give twenty-three years of presidency to Linus and Cletus before Clement appears. Thus Peter had been dead twenty years when he is said to have made Clement his successor ! But it is no use pursuing this investigation any further. He that claims succession to the apostles through this line, let him prove it. This, we know, cannot be done; and, certainly, he that knows anything about the lives of some of the early popes, what monsters of wickedness they were, and how they were frequently elected to that office and kept in it by the vilest of characters, should rather blush for his pedigree than be proud of it. They who glory in this, " glory in their shame." And yet upon this mythical succession—this baseless fabric—we see what pretentions are reared. We will just quote one passage from the " Oxford Tracts for the Times," written very probably by Dr. Pusey himself, to illustrate the nature of these pretensions : he says, " A person net commissioned by the Bishop may use the words of baptism and sprinkle or bathe with water, but there is no promise from Christ that such a person shall admit souls into the kingdom of heaven." (I should think not, indeed! I never knew that any man could admit souls into heaven : there is only one way, and that is through Christ, and not man). He goes on to say, " A person not commissioned may break bread, and pretend to give the Lord's Supper, but it can afford no comfort to those who receive it at his hands ; and as for the person himself, who takes upon himself without warrant to minister in holy things, he is all the while treading in the footsteps of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, whose awful punishment we read of in the Book of Numbers." If that is actually the case, then we are very deluded mortals, and are very much to be pitied; and I think that common humanity would suggest that High Churchmen should put their heads together and try to frame some decent argument to convince us that we have perverted the right way. I think it will be clear that any claim to superiority based on succession to the apostles is very ill-founded, and had better be laid aside as a relic of the priestcraft of by-gone ages. In the meantime it is ours to see that we have the proper succession of apostolic faith and zeal. As Ambrose truly says, " We have not the succession of Peter if we have not the faith of Peter." 