MISCELLANEOUS. The Forties Gazette says:— One of the most persistent instances that have ever come to our knowledge occurred in con nection with tbe calico ball in aid of the funds of the Parkes District Hospital, A gentleman residing at Tichborne was deter mined to attend the party, and, arriving at the creek, he found it impossible to cross, as the water was running over the bridge. He stripped and swam the creek, came naked into town, a distance of three miles, purchased clothing, attended the ball, had a good time, and picked up his clothing the uext morning on the bank of the creek. The Bunyip says : — A somewhat remark able circumstance has just been mentioned to us, and it is the more so from nothing of the kind being remembered within the memory of the 'oldest inhabitant.' It is now seven weeks since Neville and Adani son, who committed suicide here, were interred in the Willaston Cemetery, and from that time to the present no funerals have taken place. Before that period the interments were at the rate of four per snonth. Whether itiatbe dread of being associatad after death with tbe late suicides which keep people from dying is impossible to say, but it nevertheless is a fact that the death rate heie at present is nil. Some further details have been lately published (says the JPaU Matt, Gazette) of the cost of the four enormous iron-clads which are being constructed for the Italian navy. The Duilio, of 10,570 tons displace ment, and designed to carry four 100-ton guns in two turrets, was launched at Castle \amare in 1877, and is now so far advanced that she will be ready to receive her arma ment before the end of the present year. It was originally estimated that she would cost £680,000; but it is now found that the expense, of her construction will be more than £270,000. The Dandolo, a sister ship of the Duilio, was launched last year at Spezzia, is now having her machinery placed in her, will be ready to receive her guns towards the end of 1880 or the begin ning of 1881, and will cost very nearlv as much astheDuilio.orattifle under £720,000. The other two ships, the Italia and the Lepanto, which are even larger than the Duiiio, being each of 13,700 tons displace ment, or some 2,000 tons larger than the Indexible, are at present still on the stocks, but will, it is hoped, be ready for launching next year. The cost of these vessels was originally estimated at £680,000, but will, it is now calculated, amount to £788,800. The four ironclads will therefore, together cost £372,240 more than was at first antici pated ; but it must be added that there is some slight, though apparently by no means well-founded, hope entertained that it may be found possible to armour the Italia and Lepanto with plates of cheaper manufacture than those placed on the Dandolo and Duiiio, whereby a saving of about £80,000 would be effected in the total cost of each «bip. A Register telegram from Goolwa states that Mr. McRoberts has just arrived from the Murray-mouth, and reports that when about three miles up the river he passed a boat, in which were two men, going towards the mouth. One man was a shipwright, named John Brown and the other a carpenter, namea .cawara JUittie. im mediately afterwards he saw the boat fill and sink. He quickly -went to the spot, but not a trace of the men or the boat was to be seen. A Brisbane telegram states that four miners have been driven from Care Creek, SO miles from Etheridge Diggings, by blacks, who robbed their tents of their fire arms, clcthing, and provisions. 'The Rev.' Miss Oliver, of Nantucket, who was licensed as a preacher in Boston some three months ago, bought a church in Brooklyn, and rented the furniture, carpets, &c;, of one of the deacons. The lease of the furniture expired lately, and the deacon ^tripped the church of all the furniture. I'^fffies Oliver has been reasonably successful, and has organised a ' scrubbing-brush' com mittee of ladies to renovate the building and refurnish the church. A German paper gives an account of a rather remarkable fish in a stew at Inster burg, in East Prussia. A brewer having a quantity of Bavarian beer spoiled beyond recovery, and finding he could not dispose of it through. the ordinary channels, let it run off into an adjoining stream which commuDicated with the pond in question. Presently a great -commotion ^was observable among the- finny inhabitants, whose ' eccen tric movements' attracted the attention of numbers of people, who,' arming themselves with hooks, spades, baskets, and other imple mente, succeeded in capturing a large quan tity of pike, perch, &c.; The pond. w de scribed as laving its ** surface covered with fish, some of them lying on their sides as if to await their recovery, others circling round and round, and utterly unable to con trol their movements ; others, again, were springing high into the air, while all acted niter the manner of fish under the influence of drink.' ' The assets under the control of Austra lian Banking Institutions exceed£80#000,000. The Banking Record advocates formation of a bankers' institute, to teach the theory is well as practice of banking. The Leader says: — 'A married man, named William Leggo, fell down the shaft 4-f the Catherine United Company, Sand hurst, on Wednesday. He was standing at 'the 750 feet level, when he slipped down on his head, and fell oa to a place 15 be low. His skull was fractured.' Not a hundred miles from the Buln Buln settlement, or, as it is more popularly called, Brandy Creek, an incident is related as ?illustrative of how a metropolitan limb of the law has been endeavoring to operate upon the supposed verdancy of the bucolic character. The farmer and tbe lawyer having taken up adjoining selections of land, the question of fencing the dividing land of course arose. As the Fencing Statute defined various kinds of fences that might be erected according to the choice of the selector, the farmer elected to put up a chock and log for his half, while the lawyer went in for an elaborate combination of posts, rails, and wire. Upon the completion of the work, the unsuspecting agriculturist was then ' billed' by his enterprising neigh bor with a formidable account, respecting the half of the sum which he estimated his superior fence cost over the chock and log one. The farmer is understood to have the matterstill underconsideration. — ' Atticus.' The Queensland revenue returns for the quarter are considered very satisfactory, and the receipts for the year are likely to fall far short of the Treasurer's estimate. The total increase .of the quarter's expenditure show that the check placed on it has only ? ^mounted to £800 over that of last year. The custom receipts for the quarter ending September 30, shows a falling off at Bris bane of £l7,KW0,and Rockhampton, £4,200. The increases are Townsville, £2,250 ; Cook town, £2,200; Port Douglas, £1,682; border customs, £3,000. Two cakes of gold, weighing together 1,798 ozs. 1 dwt. and valued at £6,967 os have been obtained as the result of a month's work from a claim in Tasmania. A canal scheme of even greater magni tude than that of the Panama project is at present under the consideration of the Rus sian Government. The engineering pro moter of the undertaking is M. A. Daniloff, who proposes to make a canal of five branches, the first of which is 180 miles in length, from the river Terak to the water shed of the river Manytsch, which connects the valley of the Don with the Caspian Sea. the second branch is 211 miles long, from the mouth of the river Kalans, a tributary of the Manytsch, eastward to the Volga near Astrakhan. The third, 230 miles, from the same spot westward to the Don. The fourth, a branch from the eastward canal to the river Caspian : and the fifth, from, the westward canal to the Black Sea. The total length will be upwards of 700 miles. Inde pendent of the aid that the canal will give to commerce, it should be of great local value. The scheme for the opening of the Oxus does not possess either meiit, although a canal from the Caspian to Lake Aral or the Oxus might lead to the occupation of a country otherwise waste. It is said that the Czar has ordered the Khan of Kbiva to supply 5,000 laborers for the works required ior me diversion ot tne Uxus. Kussia is to be commended for the energy she displays iu promoting such vast works, unless, in deed, the manifestation is due to a desire to put on a bold front, to make the -world believe that her resources are equally vast. Men without money have often expansive ideas of expenditure. — *' G3dipus.' An amateur farmer brought home some slips of choice figs, having been told to stick the end in a potato and plant. He followed the directions, except that he forgot to dig out the eyes of the potatoes. He now has several hills of nice potatoes, but no figs. Here is room for great improvement. We see on every hand handsome rustic work falling to decay and becoming distorted by age. It is commonly made of a kind of wood which does not last long. Soak it thoroughly with crude petroleum when new, and it will remain unchanged indefinitely. A rustic summer-house on ft shaded part of our grounds would have been unusually ex posed to dampness and decay had not this been prevented a dozen years ago by petro leum. The peculiar brown color imparted by a mixture of the heavy oil remains un changed ; and a lattice-work of pine lath a fourth of an inch thick, fully exposed to dampness and weather, is as sound and un worn as ever. The oil is now so cheap that there is no excuse for omitting its applica tion, and it may be rapidiy and easily brushed over the surface and sunk into the pores with a whitewash brush. Apply it heavily. — American Cadtdry Gentleman. The Melbourne Argus gives the following as an accurate account of the Garibaldi divorce case : — ' The facts are, iccording to our authority, that during the war with Austria in 1859, Garibaldi's army was in danger of being surrounded by the Austrians near Varese, and that the Contessa Rai mondi volunteered to carry intelligence through the enemy's lines warning the Italian patriot of his periL The devotion which she had shown, combined with her great personal beauty, made such an im pression upon Garibaldi that he married her. In the course of a few days, however, he became aware of circumstances of a charac ter which led to an immediate severance of the connection. A few months afterwards the lady gave birth to a son, regarding whom the DaUy Tdegraph says :— ' As the Italian law actually stands, this child is the only heir to the general's pension, granted him fGr_ two lives, all his own undoubted off spring being illegitimate.' Concerning the latter statement we are informed that the legitimacy of the ' undoubted offspring' of Garibaldi is in no way affected by the general's . marriage with the Contessa Rai mondi, as the children in question were born many years previously, their mother, Anita, having died in the year 1848.' A Paris telegram says : — A novel mode of escape has just been practised by a Russian Nihilist. A young woman Olga Gobieslawska, had been wanted for a long time by the police, when, on July 25 the house at Moscow, in which she had sought a refuge, was discovered. The authorities determined to arrest her on the following night ; but, unlickily for them, some time in the afternoon they beheld a balloon rising rapidly from the garden, which soon disap peared beyond the horizon. The balloon contained Mdlle. Olga and two young men, and all efforts to capture the fugitives have since proved fruitless. The birds have literally flown away. Balloons will now have to be considered in the calculations of the Russian authorities. Dr. Miles states that in his experiments ia feeding swine, the best return for feed consumed was obtained when the animals ate the most in proportion to their live weight, due to tbe fact that, when a large amount of food is consumed by an animal, provided it ie capable of digesting and as similating it, the proportion of food required to supply waste of the tissues and keep the animal machinery in working order, is less than when,© smaller amount is consumed. It must be nice to fee a smart correspon dent nmong the Mormons: The Figaro re? lakes that a Mr. Stillson, representing the New York Herald &t; Salt Lake City, for writing articles ' showing upv the Mormon system, was shot at twice, but escaped with out injury, ^ Whereupon the Tlerald, very wisely and promptly, came out with an article saving that they were perfectly wel come to shoot Mr. Stillson ; it did not matter i bit. If they hit him the next time they -would send out -another corres pondent just as able as he, and just as deter mined to 'show them up' — all of which must have been very gratifying to Mr. Still eon! ? Mr. G. B. Malle (says the Queensland AgricuJimrigt), a well- known stock and sta tion agent, left Toowooinba for Tingalpa on a spirited horse, and was found dead two hours afterwards a short distance, from that town. He is supposed to have been thrown from his horse. A gun which he carried was found to be exploded. The charge passed through his right side. It is thought that the concussion caused by his fall from his horse caused the gun to explode. ' An industrioas man at Yangchau' (says the Celestial Empire) ' determined to clear away some rubbish that remained of the ruins of a dwelling that had been burnt during the occupancy of that city by the Taiping rebels, and to plant vegetables on the spot. Having reclaimed the ground, he preceeded to dig, and soon came to a jar, which, on opening, he discovered to be filled with gold. Watching an opportunity to carry it away unobserved, he conveyed the treasure to his own house, staggering under (he load. The first thing that he did- was to destroy certain papers which were laid over the gold in the jar. Gradually he in vested the money in houses and lands, dis closing his good luck to few until he got secure from molestation. . Latterly he has become unhappy; his peace of mind has gone for ever I A friend suggested that the documents which he had destroyed con tained information as to the localities of other deposits of gold. The thought was dreadful, and caused upbraidings of wife, parents, children, and other dependents, be sides constantly reproaching himself. But the papers were consumed by fire, and the ashes afford no consolation. When he was a poor man he seldom lamanted his poverty ; now that he is rich, he bemoans his pitiful condition, for he fully believes that but for the destruction of the papers he migt have spent all his life in counting his money/' Lord Rayleigh has communicated to the Royal Society a paper ' On the Influence of Electricity on Colliding Water-drops,' in which he points out that he believes that the phenomena iu some of the experiments he has made suggest an explanation of the remarkable, ' but hitherto mysterious, con nection between rain and electrical mani festations.' His experiments were on ordinary slender water jets,' and the electri city was in some cases from a rubbed rod of sealing wax, and in others from a single grove cell. In the normal state ascending jeta resolve themselves into drops, which even before passing the summit, and etill more after passing it, are scattered through a considerable width. When a feeble electrified body is brought near the jet, the stream is in appearance not broken up into drops — it becomes continuoas ; but with a powerful electric action the scattering be comes even greater than at first. The normal scattering is proved to be due to the rebound of drops as they come in collision with one another. A number of further experiments with very slight electrical effect are being tried, and a further com munication on them is expected. Lewis, lately a groom in the employ of Cobb and Co., at Albury, was found drowned in the Murray, at Bungowannah. Deceased's legs were strapped together. It is supposed to be a case of euicide, as de ceased had threatened self-destruction. A case of pleuro-pneumonia was dis covered in a bullock at Maitland on Thurs day last. Inspector Valentine wa3 com municated with on the subject. Says the London World: 'The Daily Telegraph ought to be wellposted ap in its Old Testament, anyhow. Yet it informs us that the subject of Sir Frederick Leighton's great picture is Jeremiah fed by an angel !' At the annual anotomical concourse of tne pupus or troressor ur. rort, which took place on March 12 in Paris, France, Miss Augusta Klumpke, born in San Fran cisco, California, in 1859, a medical student, received the first prize (a gold medal and 400 francs). Mat/fair givea the following story told of a school at Hawkshead, where Wordsworth learnt the alphabet, and where his name may still be traced out roughly on the corner of the desk on the right hand as you enter : — ' A boy had been set to work out a sum in long division. The quotient would fall short of the correct result, and again and again the master sent the lad back to the task. The boy succeeded at last in getting to within twopence-halfpenny of the re quired amount ; but the inexorable master again referred him to his slate. The boy moved off sulkily, when, suddenly turning, he exclaimed, pulling some coppers from his breeches pocket, * Well, look here; if it's only twopence- halfpenny we'll say no more about it. Let the thing go, and I'll make up the difference myself.' ' A lad named Potts, aged 12 yean, was drowned in the Yarra near the WUliams town Junction on the 17th inst. He was riding on a trolly along the bank of the river when he was jerked into die water. His companions were unable to assist him. The Oooktown telegraph line has been cut six miles from Cooktown, and 2C0 yards of the wire stolen. There is no clue to the offenders. ' There was once ?& mayor of an ancieut borough who was a staunch teetotaller, and well known to be so. He attended the festivities promoted by a neighboring borough, and somebody who knew the mayor well put a glass of milk-punch close to his plate. The mayor saw tbe glass ; he could not resist it; he took it up and quaffed it off, and set it down saying, *' Lord, what a cow !' A well-dressed man entered a jeweller's shop, and asked if he could see ' those cups in the window,' pointing, as he spoke, to some silver cups lined with gold in the window. ' These,' said tbe jeweller, hand ing him one, ' are race-cups.' Race-cups —what are race-cups V ' Why.' replied the jeweller, ' they are cups I had ordered to be made for prizes to the best racer.' ' Well, if that's so, suppose you and I race for one,' and with cup in hand he started, and the jeweller after him. A man saw a ghost while walking alonp a lonely, highway at midnight. The ghost stood exactly in the middle of the road? and the wayfarer, deciding to investigate, poked at it with his umbrella. The next instant he was knocked twenty feet into a mud-hole. Moral : Never poke at a large white mule when its back is turned. 