MACEONATE MUSINGS. [By ovn own Huddlehbad.] CogliD, our own estimable and invaluable Paddy, considers tbat it is an ' urgent necessity' that ali Parliament should patronize horse racing, is a rule he is willing to legislate every day in the week and all by himself if necessary, but now and then even he must have sweet periods of holy recreation, and the Cup festival is one of them. On Tuesday afternoon he tried to ijupress this view upon honorable members, but they didn't seem to sets it. He even went so far, after numerous coachiugs from iLe Speaker and Mr. Biay, to move the sua j.,tneion of the Standing Orders so as to accomplish his projtct, although after a division had been tiiken it was found that he nJglith&Ye; gone forauaujouimattit without vfhis circuitousness. All the racehorses in creation couldn't keep up with Paddy when lie is on the spoutT but despite his fervid eloquence he failed to rouse his hearers to anything like enthusiasm. Mr. Garr smiled benignantly upon the lexicographer, T-ut although his beart was with him he couldn't give his vote, because all races ?except they be of water or unconverted savages are heinous in the eyes of the solitary twin of Noavluuora. (By-the-bye, tiow Colton is absent, of course they are Ifbar lunga twins.) Never mind, Paddy ; better luck next time. The is ew President. Henceforth shall Morgan a,ud smug- smiling Ayers Beam on each other without bitterness, For each the role of mighty office bears, Nor is one greater uor the ocher less. Without much honor, eager as a dog, Ha-f starved, ke^ps ever prowling for a boae, William and Henry always are agog; And sad to teli, iu this they're not alone; Tor Rots aud Bos worth, Rouusevell aad Mann, Both rank and file to Government aspire, Each wcuid be first, and all do what they can. To drag ' ups ' down, so they be lifted higher. Wouldn't it be a good idea if the Northern Territory electors secure a mem ber of Parliament to their own cheek, to let him stop at home and join in the debates by telegraph. Half - a - dozen political parties will have time to wax and wane while he is going to and from his consti tuents, unless some such simple plan is adopted. It is said that a Peacock is like the ghost of Hamlet's father, because it can ' a tale unfold,' but the renowned and very popular Cabel found some difficulty in un folding his tale on Tuesday afternoon. He was very decidedly nervous, and, notwith standing his portentous presence, felt ' very small9 in consequence. Does any one want to see a work of high art, and no paint spared ; if so, let him visit the Academy of Music. Archi tecturally, constructively, and artistically the drop-seeue of that place of amusement is one of the most wonderful pieces of deeo xative fireworks in Adelaide, 'the painter is especially bappy in the tiling of the corridor, -and the exquisite and almost pathetic manner in which red and white are alter nated would surprise the Pope himself. In fact those who are best acquainted with the scene it is attempted to depict would be most lost in amazement and wonder when they were told, for CEdipus himself could never guess that this is ' Jtfcome from the Vatican.' We should fancy that the i-eautifully elegant and tasty scroll under the main cornice of the auditorium was also an effort of the same scene-painter's unaided and extraordinary genius.' There is a happy conglomeration of the numerous excellencies of a pethouse-cum-music-hall Btyle about the whole of the decorations, from the superlative brilliance of the pro scenium to the superb and masterly dulness of the ceiling ; and the utter absence*] of anything like conventional or any other art is extremely pleasurable and refreshing, We should like to engage the same artist to embellish our fowl-house. 'Wife Hunteks Beware! 1 Vide Tuesday's Advertiser^ Two youths of wisdom all forlorn, M. W. and sad J. T., With desperate haste one luckless mora Resolved gay Benedicts to be. So to their ** nncle' with their shirt In ardent hope they bent their way, And with the cash so gained insert A long advertisement next day. Good tempered, handsome, well to-do, And anxious so to win a wife — The mercy of the sex they sue. To catch a, partner each for life. In answer comes a scented note (Enclosing pretty faces twain), Which doth some sure directions quote To guide to joy each amorous swain. A certain time and place is set, Whereat the anxious four should meet; And signs and tokens too they get To make the conquest more complete. With no suspicion of a trick, The wife desiderators come, Of tingle blessedness quite sick, They seek the ' comforts of a home.' With eager feet, now up now down, The limits »f th^ir ' tryst' they paee, Till weary waiting brings a frown Athwart the sunshine of each face. Across the road in happy glee, With many sharers of the sport, Their fair enslavers sit and see The ' handsome ' fish their net has caught. But neither ventures in the way; They laugh in safety out of sight, And so the slowly waning day Drops down into the lap of night. Then both being conscious of a ** sell,' Each humbled gallant slinks to bed. Determined bachelors to dwell Till Fortune calls them to be wed. On the principle of the only joke in the Cookery Book — ' first catch your hare ' — one would imagine that the correct way of leading the large posters announcing the xecent billiard exhibitions should be to transpose the names thus — Kill and Oook Kenny. The Goveenoe's Speech— Clause 6. We learn good lessons from companions' failures, And poor enubbed Berry therefore has some ?worth, For he restrains the brave and wily C. Mann, Who steers our ship of State f rom causing mirth At his expense in Opposition quarters By running recklessly amid the storm, To cut away the anchors of the Oouneil — He might be lost upon the rock *' .Reform ! ' What does Sir William in his speech mean bv my ' Government.' Even the Editor of the Star will not imagine that the Ministry are so many marionettes and that His Excellency holds the strings. Wouldn't if advisers ' be a more tenderer word, as Mr. Weller says. Blank Caetbjdge. The reports of the guns at the recent review Have a likeness, although *it is flimsy and small. To the Birthday itself, for isn't it true It went off quite blank because minus the ball. One has to go from home to learn news. It appears from last Saturday's Argus that Mrs. Colton and Dr. Campbell are squab bling over the honor attached to the first origination of the idea of a bazaar in aid of the Children's Hospital. It was such an extremely strange and novel thing to think of, wasn't it? Now the doctor in all gallantry ought to give way to the lady, in whichever direction the truth lies — (How can truth lie ? — no matter 3). Once on a time a direction, now, however, entirely out of date and obsolete, suggested the wisdom of keeping the doings of the one hand a secret from its companion, but perhaps neither of the above philanthropists ever heard of that saying. 