Archbishop Vaughan on the Education Bill. On Sunday afternoon last Archbishop Vaughan performed the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new school build- ing, in Weston-street, Balmain,-in the-pre- sence of over 1000 persons. The Archbishop first referred to the great works performed by the people of Balmain, about £10,000 having been expended in the advancement of morality and religion in the district, especially com- plimenting the working men for the labour of their hands in the cause of religion. Coming to the education question, after referring to the hopes he expressed when landing in the colony, of having left the scenes of his church's ancient suffering, and the hopes of a peaceful future, the Archbishop proceeded, according to the 8. M. Herald's report : But alas, have we not been too sanguine in our anticipations ? What did we suffer as slaves and helots for at home ? Because we preferred torture and death to acting against our conscience, and to be butchered and embowelled rather than allow those for whom we were responsible to be tampered with in their faith. We hoped that we had escaped from all forms of tyranny and per- secution by coming so far away-where we were told that all were equal, and all were free. I hoped that by my kindness to you, and by standing up for you and defending you, and showing sympathy and love to you, that I Bhould in some way make up for all you had undergone at the handc of my own countrymen ; and I did hope that they out here would only be too glad to join me and treat you with exceptional tenderness, especi- ally with regard to your religion and your children, with the thought in their minds with the burning consciousness of all the cruel monstrous wrongs that they had inflicted on you in the past. But all this seems to be a rain illusion-a dream from which we are to be aroused by the most ingeniously devised piece of scientific persecution that has been invented in modern timeB. The end of the more brutal form of persecution, and of the more cultivated is one-it is to destroy our holy religion. I believe the scientific method is more effective, and I believe more odious, than the more expeditious way, of tearing out theheartand bowels of a livingand grown man. Here the plan is to strike at little children at the helpless little children of the Catholic poor. Do you know that in the days of trial they had a Bpccial instrument for squeezing the life and Wood out of those Catholics who declined to deny their God ? It was a kind of press with a screw at the top. The Catholic man or woman was shoved into this press, just large enough to hold one ; the top was forced down with the screw until it touched the head and back of the victim. Then the real operation begun. By a slow, almost imperceptible process, the top was continually pushed fur- ther and further down till the victim first lost breath, then the frame gradually gave way, and the whole body collapsed into a mangled bleeding mass. This was called " The Sca- venger's Daughter." Now the modern Sca- venger's Daughter is of a different construc- tion. The Archbishop and Bishops have told you that the secularist system, and schools founded on that system, so far as Catho- lics are concerned, are " seedplots of future infidelity, immorality, and law- lessness," for they tend towards de- stroying the fulness of your Catholic faith, and hence of your Catholic morality and re- verence, and I am glad to see that the news- papers have been fixing that condemna- tion indelibly on your minds by their continued and opportune quotation of the words of the Joint Pastoral. Well, using my private judgment in the choice of an expression, I would call those schools "Scavenger's Daughters," because they are the most effective instruments invented by man for squeezing very gradually and almost im- perceptibly the Catholic faith out of a Catholic people. I have said this before in other words ; the Bishops have spoken with me ; the world knows what our teaching is ; it has been printed and reprinted in every newspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established that Catholics cannot in conscience send their children to non-Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has been in all the newspapers, that we object to sending clergymen to the Public schools, whether with class rooms or without, to join the jar of tongues, and the contradiction of creeds which is abhorrent from all our instincts of reverence and religion. We have most carefully, and think I may say boldly, spoken out, as was our bounden duty, knowing as we did that a change was about to be made in the Education Act unfavourable to our views. Whot has been the result ? First of all, a hurricane of abuse and endless insult cast upon what is dearer io us than life itself, on our holy reli- gion. As to those who have abused and in- sulted me personally, the worst wish I bar- bour in their regard is that they may have the grace to become Catholics before they die. Well, during the downpour, I endeavoured calmly and clearly to state our case. One thing, I believe all will admit-that our case has been stated clearly, and is per- fectly intelligible. Next, Parliament meets. I The outlines of the new education scheme are laid before the colony. What are its pro- visions ? What is its drift ? There is one thing in its drift that I admire, and that is that it evidently attempts to meet the require- ments of some large sections of the com- munity. It not only implies a knowledge of their existence, but it also aims at answering some of their wants. The Church of England will have greater facilities for religious in- struction ; the Nonconformists will have, it seems, all they want, so far as they are con- cerned ; the League will have several conces- sions, partial compulsion, if not entire, and an approach to freedom from fees. I admire any attempt at meeting the wishes of largo classes. I am only too pleased when I see my fellow colonists rejoicing in a method of education which gives them, as fathers and mothers, peace and happiness when they think of their children. I would be among the first to interfere, the first to speak out were they tyrannized over, or were their conscientious convictions trampled under foot by a tyranni- cal majority. So far the promise of the new bill solicits my respect. But this very quality which I admire as bearing upon Protestants, heightens my sense of grief and indignation when I reflect that Catholics exclusively a^e, in a studied move, apparently ignored, whilst in reality they are trampled on. Working mea of Balmain, I am addressing myself to you. You love your religion better than your ' life, if I may judge from the paßt. You would rather die than jeopardise the future Catholic prospects of your children. Tour Church and your Bishops proclaim what your consciences and your instincts tell you is the simple truth-that you may not send your children to Public schools. You are poor, working, honest, labour- ing men, getting your 33s a week, trying to provide little homes for yourselves, and to bring up your children as good and respec- table as you are yourselves. In you I am addressing all the labouring Catholics in the colony. We CatholicB represent some one third-some say more some less-of the popu- lation. The new bill treats tenderly all the other sections. How does it treat you ? Can you with the wildest stretch of imagination, and Irishmen are not deficient in that, can you in your wildest moments imagine a single point in that bill which shows that you have been thought of with kindness and sympathy ? Have you not the painful consciousness that BO far as this new scheme is concerned your case has been ignored, whilst all others have been thought of ? Show me one single point where there ia a sign, or shadow, or ghost of a shadow of a sign, that respect has been felt for the conscientious convictions of one third of the population, of the great Catholic inte- rest in this colony. Thought of!' Yes, you have been thought of, you have not been ignored. It would seem to some that you have been unceasingly before the eyes of those who framed this bill, that they might not, even by some inadvertent blunder, throw you some miserable shred of jus- tice. And they have not kept you in view in vain, Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they have, knowingly or unknowingly, in- vented an instrument of scientific persecution exquisite in its perfection for carrying out its ends. It combines insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignore your existence tramples your most cherished aspirations under foot. "Working men of Balmain, let me explain myself. You have to live on hard-earned wages, and you know the worth of small sums of money, and can only with thrift and care keep the wolf from the door. "What does the new bill do for you, for the thousands of the Catholic poor? Does it sympathise >with your poverty, and encourage your sturdy faith, and soothe your hard life by giving your children a chance of being in- structed in secular knowledge, and being brought up thorough Cathi/lics ? I will tell you in a few words what it does for you. If it could speak it would say-though its framers may not mean it-it would say : " I am a modern monstrosity BO contrived aB to flatter all sections of the community except the Roman Catholic. These miserable crea- tures must be got rid of somehow, but first of all they must be kicked and insulted. My predecessor, bora in 1866, was a fair specimen of persecution for that day, but we are older now, and have advanced further into light. That bill forced the thousands of the Catholic poor, and the rich too, to pay for the education of other people's children, in schools they could not use themselves. But I am an improvement on that. I am going to build great Grammar schools for boys, and the Catholics shall pay equally with those who use them for those also. Palaces for girls shall also be established where girls Bhall learn to be discontented possibly with their home and with their lot. Cathobcs, though they cannot use these, shall pay for them, too, as if they did. Then I mean, moreover, to multiply the schools they cannot use and reduce the fees, and Catholics shall bear their burden here as well. To this I mean to add about the most exquisite insult possible, that is to have each Public school, having so many children, furnished with a class-room which Catholics cannot use. In this class-room all the various denominations, whose very existence is a protest against the Catholic religion, shall teach their various creeds, and as a necessary consequence con- demn the faith of Catholics, so that Catholics will be paying for the very buildings in which, day after day, and hour after hour, their religion is, or may be denounced in termB well known to all ? To this insult, perfect in its kind, I am going to add an injury equally perfect in its nature. Having ignored every single just demand, having made the Catholics pay, as has been described, I then carry the war into the enemy's camp. They still have Denominational schools, they love them, they are proud of them, they erected them at great expense-these I mean to knock on the head. For, since Catholics are the poorest section of the community, and since their small means are forced from them to pay for the education of other people's children, how will they be able, poor as they are, to pay, as it were, out of both pockets at once, to edu- cate their own as well as those of others ? How can they keep pace with the reduction of fees ? They may struggle for a time like fish in a net, but we will take them out of their ' bath of supernatural light,' and if they do not become infidels or ranters, they will become nondescripts-and anything, even a blackfellow, is better than a Papist." Such is the language of the now bill, so far as I know anything of what it speaks to me. I do not mean to insinuate that all this was intended ; possibly, such a picture as I have painted did not consciously enter the inten- tions of legislation. I am simply speaking of facts, which are hard things. That is the language of the bill, to any intelligent man who has ears to hear, and to every in- telligent Catholic who has a soul, and a heart beating in his body. It is a modern monstrosity of cruelty and tyranny, so far as we are concerned ; and I believe every fair minded man in the community will sympa- thise with us, assist us to preserve our free- dom of conscience, and to obtain our just and self-evident rights. Why should we alone be ignored? Why shpuld our cry not be heard? Why should Catholics, and only Catholics, be trampled on, and insulted in the way that I have described ? We do not stand in the way of others : we rejoice when they are happy ; when they can feel that their children are doing well, it is a true plea- sure to us. What pleasure or happiness is there in seeing us sad and broken, like slaveB and serfs, who have no friends, and are as outcasts of the people ? What pleasure, in this nineteenth century, is there in producing so grave an irritation, so galling a wound, as will be produced if that bill becomes law ? I cannot believe it. I will not believe that the majority, the sound portion of the commu- nity, will stand by silently and not sup- port us in our just struggle for liberty and fair play. You, working men of Balmain, you Catholics of this colony to whom my voice or my words will reach, be true to yourselves in this great crisis. Your religion, the one dearest thing in life, is at stake. If your children are not brought up in thorough Catholic schools they cannot be come thorough Catholic men ; and a Catholic who is not thorough in his faith is generally the father of a line of indifferentists and apos- tates. And you, my own .English country- men, who love fair-play and a just measure, why not join me in your own way in seeing justice done ? One of you has already sent his generous subscription of £5, and a most kind letter to Father Dillon. I seem to see many of you around me, if I mistake not. Let me enlist your sympathy in behalf of a I righteous cause. Tour hearts are true and stout, I know ; and you cannot stand by and not join the weaker side in supporting its just rights againBt what will be, as you know, a terrible tyranny and oppression. As for myself it is my vocation, and my most solemn duty to defend and preserve the faith of my people. In me it would be no heroism to lay down my life in its defence, or to spill my blood out of love for my flock. That is my profession, as a soldier's is to go to war and to risk his life for his Queen and country. Let not the world think that the Catholic faith can be blotted out by any instrument however modern and subtle in itB operation. It has lived 1800 years and more, and it will abide to the very end. It is my part, during my short span, to protect it; and I hope, by God's grace, to Bpend mv life and strength, and such little talent as I may possess in its defence. Remember, Union is strength, and Perseverance alone is crowned. Let us unite, let ns persevere, and in the end we shall be placed on an equality with our fellow-colo- nists, and be suffered to bring up Catholic children thorough Catholics, without being deprived for doing so of our just help for secular instruction. We are strong in num- bers, our cause is a righteous one ; and let us use every legitimate means for bringing it to a victorious issue. 