ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THBAtRfiS, &6. liflBt Friday Mfa. Llh#ard took hec benefit at the Academy, fttifl on Monday night, she took her farewell, On Tuesday, ab midnight, she embarked on board the Albion for New Zealand, where she will remain for Borne months, titid from which place she tnny return to Victoria. But that depends, Kot those who have lately come from London say there is a place for her there, Those who think that because an actress hu played in Melbourne, and has never played In £on« don, she has no right to expect to be tole rated in London, necessarily smile the staila of superior knowledge, when Mrs. Lingard'a future success in London is predicted. It was thus when, twenty-two years ago, thewriter oE this present record, speaking of Mrs. Charles Young (now Mrs. Hermann Veein) foretold, her success in the great Babylon to which she was then going. Divers wise persons at that time, complacently pooh-poohed tha prediction, and sneered at the prophet. Dut Mrs. Young went to London for all that, knj on her first appearance at Sadler's Welti, on September 15 of the same year . (1857), The. Times declared her " a decided acquisition to our histrionic force," and described hec expression even of the most intense emotions as easy and unexaggerated, and her delivery throughout as unaffected and natural" Mrs. Young, in fact, justified all that hid bees said in her favour, and during the 22 jpara she has held her place on the London Btage, she has continually refuted, in'the most practical manner, the confident pro nouncements of those who heralded her failure. Curiously enough, the character last played by Mrs. Young in Melbourne, and first selected in London, was Julia, in " (The Hunchback," and it wap this character in which Mrs. Lingard chose to appear on Friday last. And it served &g; an excellent test of her power to express the finer "and subtler emotions. Coming immediately aftec a,series of representations of a widely different kind, it was all the mpre remarkable aa an illustration of her singularly varied ability. For surely no two characters could be in more striking, even startling contrast,; than the Little Duke and Julia i the one an 7em bodiment of quaintly-pretty humOur and' tha other an ensample of a Roman's tendenless, waywardness, and paasion> JJutif even there had been no occasion to regard it in contrast it might have been taken; entirely., on its merits. And there was . tins especial merit in it, that it showed with what a thorough intelligence and a true art-peftep tion, Mrs. Lingard is able tri deal with.cha racters requiring differentiation of aspect. Julia, in " The Hunchback,", may he, re« garded as possessing three of such aspects.' We first see her as the frfcBh pnapoilea tirl, for whom country-life alone has a charm. Next, her latent vanity developed, and her atinbi tion prompted, she discovers a sudden yearning for the glitter and excitement o£ the city, and then, after the smart of .hec wounded pride is over and her strong jova and tenderness have all come back, and she is ready to give up everything for the man "who first won her girl's affection, she is seen in a totally different light from that wherein she appears in the other two Bituatipns. And it is here, especially, where we deaira to lay particular Btress upon. Mrs, Lingatd'a discerning power, in1 making these several aspects apparent, and yet without in any tnea« sure loBing Bight of the attributes comtnoh to the whole character. Of the 'emotional part oC it, it would be difficult fo speak in terms o£ over-praise. It was not^ indeed,, the emotion which declares itself in gasps, and loud sobs, and declamatory gestures,'' and much' stage walking; but it was the depressed passion,' made visible by little more than a tremdr oC the limbs, a ripple upon the-mouth, a Ettla tightening of thefingere, p ahorteningofl tha breathing, an enforced lowness jpf thet^nea of the voice. These, to ap.oh?erypr capable of diagnosipg tjie more delicate phenqpena of mental perturbation, are-far Aora pregnant in! fcheii inSca£ba$- thatJEtha broad, hard visibilities which ^a cohimbnly held to make up ^erp«#k>ivj it cifn ^re fore, that we speak of Mspu .^djo^ird's p9wer of expressing emotiopal rma^ilwtations aa byperassthetically subtle. There is but aucurl of diaphanous vapour upon ihe summit of tha mountain, and there are Bweet'flOwftrs around the edge of the cxater ; but the volcano iff beneath, £ar down below for all that, and iter fierce fir^ burajthe,hq^erl Jtocauoe .thejr da not rise in turb^leno# the mountain: sides with burning 1^' spiritual' ex pression of this characM^ -of Jnlia, Mrs.' with aa unquestioning carifidfaoe., -oili On this <MoUion< iQTitherhdgentindly gave his (services til ktofJCtB^rWaHe*) Ha played] itthe ^op-dispejnmentithat ought have bew/exuiwted .in aa jntewgenta and ^P^ W,actt>rf IAnd- jt y ? n6tiiFms» bik fltten^tlt dbi« feot'%l&^Vttnilbt^tf tha trepteaentattaniofp&ttiof; ithislondv'IiaioulcC nothaveipiayedihe partiU ;i^tilwt|i-Sig)oka in one'« recollection Titheifldge'e^lfcateC young matt;r 1 Perhaps thifl'reinark' Aiairi giva somesoit pferplanfrtion.' hf ius onJ^Hxjm (iterative; iticeetto. xflHud Itepipiing un ,«xpecte#y ^eff^TO^jw Jiy Thorns plifford, .and Mr.. Phillip?!?. Modup Jhas.pftentiqi&been; (3e^rve^y BiM)keh bt afc 4»f bis niany ex celleti^ Helen '^ompre ]hend4d "Well the hutfloiir 'belonging % it. but Mr; .Deering'B bddly^ftOugh. Was -a ibUaik jp, ^e wjjr, o£j Juunottti ifrora begipj^ng to, endf , JJfefing *hoWtl sea what Mr. Xjopjpin caji do |<^Tathom.u L Alter the jpl^y'there ,wia*'$^miscellany oE nmtfb. Thu^We^ois^^^i^eteave. itiher daiAtfly-spu^# Winir.^fantasia '^targlcomtbe4' Qta&dX;'voh^^^nCl Mr» .fUitifeftn, <if thf> fijifcffthOtfsfe CbrtJiiatif, tmtig hi# bflflfclS<jtifc IffiRfitltms Of lltiliftti tipMn ; Mi«fi KlscliW htirt Mf. Anthony feaoli sang n ponft; A<id Mt. LitigAtdi who should have wound up with the "John Wellington Wells" scfetm from "The Sorcerer," hhd to #ipt>lt>gise for being Accidentally prevented from doing HO. On Hie nest (Saturday) night, " The iiittle Duke" was repeated, with " Uttle Toddlekins" tie a make-weight, and on Monday we had " The Little Duke" for the last time, with the make-weight of " The Bpitflre," in which you know how funny Mr. Hull can be, On Tuesday, at this theatre, " Hamlet" was performed by some amateurs calling them selves The, JHoBciane-a number of young men who are all, it is said, native-born Austra lians. It is a creditable thing for young men to npply themselves to the study of Shak* Bpeare, remembering, as one cannot fail to remember, how most of the young men in this city waste their time and allow their minds to grow sterile. Taking this perform ance altogether, it was a more than creditable one, Mr. P. J. Duggan, who played Hamlet, played It a great deal better than some profes sional actors whom we have seen in it, and he will play it still better when he has had more practice at it. lie has an excellent voice, and a good appearance, and he gave a correct effect to every passage he spoke. Here and there he adopted a new reading, but always with commendable judgment, and in no one instance was he tempted into the slightest extravagance or eccentricity. Mr. E. Duggan as Horatio, in a less degree, due only, however, to the smaller import ance of the character itself, deserves like praiBe. As the King Mr. Potts was some what too much in a hurry. His despatch, to be snrej had the effect of expediting the business of the play, and there may be a kind of merit in this sort of getting through the work. The Polonius of Mr. Dawbarn was an amusing person, and as he kept the audience laughing a good deal, his death .was much to be regretted. Mr. J. Dillon's Ghost was a steady-going, business kind of ghOBt, who went through his work as if ghost-business was quite in his line, and he never got excited over it. Summarising the others, they got through their work as if they had taken plenty of pains to qualify them selves to do so. There were no trips; they all knew exactly what to do, and the prompter's office was a sinecure. Therefore "The Roscians," on this their first effort in Sbakspeare, may congratulate themselves. On Wednesday night " The Octoroon" was given, with Mr. Titheradge as M'Closky, which he represented considerably depurated from the sullen brutality which is commonly considered to be its leading alloy. Mr. Hall's Salem Scudder is one of his many good parts; Mrs. Hall plays Zoe with consistent intel ligence, and Miss Wiseman has much to re commend her for the part of Dora. Mr. Deering is well at home as Pete; Mr. Phillips's George Peyton is remarkable for a certain neat unemotional self-possession; and Mrs. Wooldridge'a Mrs. Peyton ia an established piece of good acting of its kind. Paul was played on this occasion by Master Hall, who was not well up in some of the business he had to do, perhaps because he was new to it. Mr. Pollock did the auctioneer's business a good deal better than it is usually done. As might be supposed, the scenic par ticulars did not provoke much admiration, but the sun was nevertheless an amiming orb, and blinked as if had been drinking very freely of mountain dew all night. To night we are to have, for the first time in Mel bourne, "The Great Divorce Case," and a comic operetta, also new to us, called " The Isle of Tullipatan." " Blow for Blow," at the Opera-house, has needed no change, and those who have seve ral times seen it declare that Mr. Marshall is the best remedy for dyspepsia and hypochondriasis they have met with. After seeing 'him, they -feel more at peace with the world, are ready to forgive 'their enemies,' and agree to a general am nesty with Binful creation in the average. The next piece to be played by this company .is to be ''Money," with, of course, Mr. Mar shall as Graves. On .Saturday night, at. the Princess's Theatre, a piece called ?" Kit" was produced for the first time'in this part of the .world.. It is a story of bigamy, bullets, bowie knives, bar-drinking, blowings-up, blood shedding, -and final . blessedness. The bigamist is drowned in the first act, and her husband iB' shot, but not fatally, and the rest of tils life is devoted to the pursuit of .. the, man who caused him to be wounded and . ?a widower, and who, moreover, carried off bis daughter. After 'mfeny years' search, during ctmWtaeB large quantities . of Ufluor,,h'e, engages in single' combat with . \- his enemy *nd slays him,:and heand his now ' grown-up .daughterere understood to live happily ever after. The liquor business is a pronyqent feator$.& this plw, and two of the chtfmotbhfr1 MalNdgti- aind a major-appeay to live for 4he «rpress purpose of drinkiftg at «>mebodjr< els&,d expenae, aud much pf the humour, encha^ it is, .consists in the, readi-; OftBB i^wn-jby £heae ^oalpolxil- absorbers, to reduce tbeptook ot^bisky of any, establish ment, solong aathe coatof the reductionii - <jfrarjgedto'sometme else's account. ; .' & Wallace played the, avenging husi. hand with much flpjrit.If he had been six 'inches taller, the effect; would have been by ' 'So much ifbetteir. - Mr. ^Oafehcort represented' I wflaajr: jofthe story, and made up .as stage-tfpditipn^L villains nsed to make UP!, ; namely, ipisolemnblwk-^hwinoluded-and < fllongclpak 'Ofnthe is&me; colour-admitting 4>lackto -be a odlour, whiobj as you know, it' is;n6£; /The drowned vrife was played with; .gejj^rally .distressful,, and,! Agonised ex p^eswon -by Miss Melville, whom jwe knew, jfoitn*rljv, at the Royal: as MiasMedway. *b the tifne ftiretty,' , iiitel|igent little girl, whpsp jUHne .wp Should he very" happy to mention, oniythere was no Rfrtfffig a till afiy tooffc thtt.fi ft sfeat. The flntightfef tit ft lfttfcf fifeflbfl b't the Sttrty was piaffed by Mfs. fifetndbfi. The twb whisky nhsofbftffl were fttntieifig1y done by Mr. llctn floti htid atibtlifef actor, whose tiame, fof the ftannfi jiiet specified, catiftot bfe Mentioned. As will have been deduced from the inen tion of tb fere being fit) seat available, the house was crowded, and the performance ap peared to give unbounded satisfaction to the audience. To-night a piece with the title of " Wait ing for the Verdict" is to be played. At the Theatre lloyal, " Richard the Third," as was expected, has not drawn so well as the merit of the revival ought to have ensured it would. Therefore, it is concluded that Bhakspearian revivals ate not accept able. At this moment we do not propose to answer this argument as against the at tractiveness of ShakBpeare. But it is not unanswerable, and, at a convenient time, it will be answered. On Tuesday night Mr. Dampier took a benefit, and reproduced the melodrama of " The Royal Pardon," a piece which, it will be remembered, was somewhat recently done at this house, only in this instance Mr. Dampier, instead of Mr. Greville, played the triple character of Jacob Tottering, Fitzroy Grosvenor, and Victor Mouchard. On Satur day night our old friends Mr. and Mrs. Williamson make their re-appearance at this house in the drama in which they first became known to us, to wit "Struck OiL" | They will be very welcome. : Mademoiselle Charbonnet gave the fourth | of her matijiAes at Glen's Concert-hall on Saturday afternoon last. It was a vile day, but there was a crowded attendance. Mademoiselle was in excellent "form," and opened with Chopin's Funeral March, op. 35, the expressive and suggestively tender passages of which she gave with an obvious consciousness of all the meaning they con-, veyed. Her other boIOS were Domenico Scarlatti's "Toccata" and Boely's "Peasant's Dance," both good examples of music ?which is now-a-days too much forgotten, but which, by the magic of Mademoiselle's art, comes to us with a force and freshness that set one wondering why such good music should ever ceaBe to be popular. With M. Caron, the Messrs. King, Mr. A. Montague, and Herr Plock, Bhe took part in the con certo of Henri Herz, which he dedicated to William the Third of Holland. It is a fine performance, heard even with a limited orchestra, but when played, as it probably will be, with full orchestral accessories at the Liedertafel, its varied beauties will be more fully manifest. In Mendelssohn's duet for piano and violoncello (andante con varia zioni), Mademoiselle Charbonnet and Mr Montague were heard to great advantage; and in the other duet from "Les Huguenots," arranged by Thalberg and De Beriot, Mademoiselle and M. Caron evoked quite an enthusiasm of applause-and deserved it M. Caron's solo, composed by himself, "Meditation Religieuae," showed both the poetic feeling of the composer and the nicely delicate skill of the executant. Probably, as a complete contrast to this, he coupled it with Vieuxtemps' " Souvenir d* Amerique," to temper the effect of which he gave, for encore, the always acceptable "LastRose of Summer." Miss O'Brien sang in the first part a ballad from Masse's "Paul and Vir ginia," and in the second gave, in combina tion with M. Caron, and with most telling effect, A. Adam's Christmas song, which deserves to be as well known here as it is in France. As on former occasions, Mr. Herz conducted with his well-known ability. On Tuesday, at the Town-hall, the Phil harmonic Society gave for the first time here Madame Sainton Dolby's cantata of "St. Dorothea," curiously enough sandwiching it between the movements of Mendelssohn's Scotch symphony in A minor. The cantata iB a work of the average sort, the sort of composition that, having been once done, will probably be put on one side, and done no! more. It ie quite right that a long- established society like the Philharmonic should give new productions, and not be for ever going on in the old grooves, so that if this cantata of "St. Dorothea" did not excite an an bounded enthusiasm, no blame can attach to the society. For the performance was quite 3a good as the cantata. The principal vocalists on this occasion were Mrs. Howitz, Miss Holland, Mr. Staker, and Messrs. Moyle and Moroney, and they are severally de serving of favourable mention, for the efforts they made to do justice to the work with which they were entrusted. Perhaps the reason why the cantata was preceded and ' followedhy Mendelssohn, was to placate the. audience to begin with, and to . put them into a good humour, before sending them away. \- Professor Pepper has burnt a diamond at St. George's-hall,' and he has put his hands into molten lead and boiling water. Expense!, . risk, and sensation, and what could you wish more? But he gives you agooddeai idbre,! .so that you<ace always pleased and mora than . satisfied. :The pity is that St. Geprge's-hall could not have been rebuilt before he came to ub; so as to render it more worthy of him and all that he does. .. ? 