A (PUBLISHED DAILY.) UOSDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1879. AGRICULTURAL SETTLEMENT. How slow find unsatisfactory the progress of agricultural settlement lias been unxwg ns, and hnw little chance there seems to be of its mumming s healtliier shape ! jjj, .hi «o-Hking now of agricultural **- dement, not rb-,ning old settle land. We know fill nbout tl)«- *,. ogress of alienation of Crown lands, of the millions of acres that have been and are being selected, -?bill t*e know also that'with the exception of nn area hardly equal tn half an ncre per head, iif popnlntlon in'tiio colony, not a rood uf that vast extent of conntry has been aeMled in nny sense that can be fitted to the word. There is and always has been a Rtrong ' earth hunger' among the colonists, but it has been no de 8fre for Settlement, it has been for the inoat unrtifljcraving for the acquisition of .aometliinir which the acquirer could pro fitably traffic in. So far from there hav ing been nny craving for agricultural *et tlf^neut among us, we buve only accepted Kim a-bard necessity sweetened by all msftnets of bribes and concessions. With scorn Mid contempt we Australians, have cast from us the ordinary conditions Wider which a now country can ?lone be occupied firmly. and successfully, and demanded that a special road, a &'jyalroad to success shall be opened, in this whtter Queensland is roost con spicuous, South Australia least blame wtathy, but thea we hare, as acom JDjunitJV bam such spoiled darlings of fortune tha* our fastidiousness may be |kAruy excused. : I'he conditions under which mod else where penetrate the wilderness and build cities in wttste -places are these : They go forth well knowing that they will have to work much harder, live more poorly, and gain much less pecuniary profit than they could as hireling laborers ; and this, not for one, two or three, but for many years. They accept these conditions, holding, rightly as we maintain, that the perfect independence of a land-owning settler, who owes no mnnauything, and who can feed himself and his little ones from the produce of his own ground, is a gain so groat that money will not measure it. Now the average Queensland, laborer cannot understand the sentiment. Such settlement will not 'pay' he will tell you, and he will favor you with a shrug pr store of contemptuous wonder if yaa communicate the idea that a man ought deliberately to prefer to sit down on his land, eat its produce, and dispense with coined money, instead of accepting good wages. Yet it was to that sentiment that the United 8tates owe their present posi tion. It was not the '* introduction of capital,' twrtbe stimulant of Government expenditure, nor railways, nor any of the tiling* that we are so apt to regard as magical specifics against against misfor tune that built up that great nation in the wilderness. It was because there were hundreds of thousands of men joy fully did that which the discontented workers in (jneendand will not do ; they went out each man to his patch of forest or pfdJKM^teet to work, not to make a front out of it, SoV-tHltame. Those settlers were not followed up by expen sive stores. They cared little for access to market, for they did not expect to find much fur one ; each mnn looked to Iiib ground to yield him that which would satisfy his ueeds. The settlers that built the broad foundation oo which the United States, rests 1i;id no butchers to supply their t.iUea—tueir pigs supplied them with tlieir'meat, their ground with what ever other food 'they needed, and they trafficked tie surplus of their corn and potato patches with the humble traders of the neighborhood for their coffee or sugar ondthe few simple olothes they needed. To snob men a'Su&ncial; crisis was no mete than an evening breeze to the stttrdyotk ; they also were throwing roots deep and far into the iertile soil, «nd although their growth was slow it was certain. To the unemployed of this colony we my now, go *nH do likewise. The home stead act giMB ? man 160 acres of ground ; on terme w liberal as ever were enjoyed by Ofi AmBiioan settler. If a man is willing to try settlement on the American plan, he can go anywhere that fertile soil lies upB» M selection, and millions of acres ,»of euelilakare available at the present iriottent. /Let him cease to grumble. at ^etl^esJ(deplore the falling otf in Go rrpiaWievt expenditure, - the '? impossibility of fe*nriitf ibeh^ watfes'tbntiised to be -gottg, 'nttf^ t&U; a rW effort if settlo mmt wUl Jtotcure his HJb,_ Xet him keep 'i^a^jjylpl»|ew as bis aim, not (heMro '4f$i$tfprPP*lQbe*old, ioordertoearn WoWfM-wr^* sforefceeperfT'the 'Hms,nfor iinng, tratxpo proauovion 0,1 t^M ?J^^^t^^df/amlv an&Mmdf.; Let aim remember that the primary i^wiliKtBliHii^^^hatWranaTftgt of ,411, .^S*n«i SSi* Mhdtslv rhuaw will wow little trouble there will be in enpply liff the third want. AH NiAe primnry \tits will be easily supplied, lint thiit u-i|Pw^,to »U. The suijihw, «t his dis pof«alCTM»I« witl ?» slwnyn iticrensjnjg and wiHVf w$ 'V1 )w»; over liis head,1-efore',ne finds himself not an inde pendent b\\\\\ a thriving, tuan. , He will hiive begun at the right end, t Imt k nil. The Voi-niiTwIW'— A oominanilinRofneW parade of the OO-«np«J »»'? *» hold this evonlng at 7.80 p.^- t opposite tlie 8ohool of Arts. Tw« Pbincb Of W-i*r' Bihthdav.— We are glwl ta notloe that the Champion Band will give a promenida coBPort at Mr. Roe». ?ler's OardcD'aon tho PrinoVof Wele'i Birth day—next Mondny. The bM-* will be m siated by the German Olee Claw, and no donbt a pleamnt Mae will be (fent Tsb we»«her at Bock PUiiw, Hlifton, we hasr, is very hot and sultry. Ttums S» hardly a breath of air stirnDg. More rain weald do good. There » promise of plenty rf enM tm tlie winter. Cattle and bone* an in fine condition, jnet ready for the market, if they were not so cheap. Bust is mkkio^')t« ap pearance amongst the new Sv-aoi* J-oroe- etonda area, bat nothing to «B««k ot^mt ipw ?eot. Viroini*. Tob*.ooo Sbb,- A fnpb name we are now able to add to our lilt Of donor* of secdi, In tlie person of Mr. Arthor *dne», of Seaview, near Yeppoon, RockhamptQB, ta whom we are iudelited for s very bugs ban full of tobacco seed. That aoed has bnen grown from seed supplied by oar valued con tributor and donor of tobaooa seed, Mr. C. G. Corton, late of Glenora Plantation, near Rockhampton. Mr. Jones, we tnwr mention, hu taken pruos for leaf at Hookhampton for tiro years. Wo an happy to add Mr. Jonen' name to oar list of donors of seed, and wiU be happy to distribute what be hM sapplied ns *Ttb fsr »nd wifle. ParttM Interested will please apply at onoe for seed. ? ' TH«Qn«BHBi-iHi- Pouch.'— Tta Novem ber number of this periodioal has oowe to hand, and fatly maintains it* previous repu tation. The Urge cartoons, two in number, represent some prophetic episodes in the home career of Mr. M'llwimtth. The fifst, being the opening interview between tbefJWD ' Macs.' and the seoond, a oonadeatisi .jlae Mge between 4b« geatkmen, which msy or may not be considered complimentary by either of them. Tlie likeness of Mr. Oresley Lnkin is one of the most sucoesstnl ever pub lished ia this paper. The special oorrespsa - denoe toaohinx the Ethibitioo in contnmed, and displays as much originality as in the previous number. The letter-press and local allosions are as sparkling as ever. M r. Creswiek, tfae rating Brisbane lion, is also immortalised. The Old Wkslbvan Chapel.— Mr. Car eon preached on yesterday evening last at this Ohproh on 'Christian baptism and its modes.' Tbe Bev. gentleman took his text from the last chanter of St. Matthew and tbe 19th verse. ' Go ye therefore aud teach all men, baptizing them in the name of tbe Father, the Son, eod tbe Holy Ghost ' Tlie subject of the discourse was a comparison between tbe different modes of baptism employed by various sects, and a vindication of tbe rite ?» practised by tbe pwroastbn to which Mr. Caraon belongs. A large congregation wss present, which, however, would have been more comfortably situated, if the hearers at the lower end of the church bad distributed themselves more evenly to. wards tbe front. We understand that Mr. Carson will take up another aspect of the subjeot shortly. Mb. Keer's Cokcert.— The second of Mr Kerr'sconoertsoameoffon Saturday night, and we are sorry to say that the attendance was far poorer than the merits of the enter tainment deserved. Tbe pieces that com manded most success on Friday were re peated and were reoeived with as much enthusiasm as on the previous occasion Miss Fanny Kerr sang a song called 'Driven from Home' in a very touching manner. Messrs. Brown, Little, and Genagbtf were duly ' to tbe fore' as on the previous even ing and acquitted themselves well. Mr Uisikel sang the 'Watch on tbe Rhine' iu a manner which leads us to hope that he is another promising recruit into the roll nf the 'locals.' Master Cauldwoll in singing the ' Little Brown Jag' reoeived the same hearty marks of approbation as marked his former rendition. In conclusion we can only say that the young ladies looked as bewitching as on Friday, and that the music was ren dered in fully as able a manner. Tub V. R. C. abd thb Totalmatoe.— At Melbourne on Wednesday an application was made to the V. R. C. for permission to use the totalisator at race meetings. The com mittee replied that unco tbe Crown Law officers woro opposed to iU introduction, they (the Committee) did not feel Justified in doing so. It tswtll known that Mr. Bagot, the secretary, and tile, majority of tbe com mittee are personally favourable to the in troduction of the totalisator. An attempt to influence the Crown law officers failed. Captain Standish was then asked what proceedings he would take in the event of the totalisator being introduced on the course and he.sjeplisd that he would promptly have arrested anyone conducting it. An offer was made to carry it on for thebenentof the Mel bourne Hospital, if Captain Standish were to proceed by summons against the conductors instead of: arresting them. Captain Standish refused to compromise, and said he was determined to make arrests. It was then pointed out to him that scores of sweeps were advertised in the papers to take place on the Cup day, and he was asked why he did not suppress them. Captain Standish replied that be tried to ntop this .klqd of. gambling, but failed. On being told that he might also fail in bis attempt against the toUHsator, : Captain 8tenda*h became furious, *od S*id the totalisator was unlaw -foV »-n4 *B ?would not permit it. Tlie HtnM aenes' Captain ''Btandlah, and offers toflndtbnM'OTifwfr gwtflemen to conduct #ia totaliwtorifonthe boneBt of the hospital, and whom Captain flUWUsh dare not arrest. The Melbourne ff«raM*]so challenges htm to praMftd ty ?umtnonslfMie committes of bt the V.R.O. wilt consent to the ' niwhkie being nsed on the course. In private oSrolos the oondnot of Cnptn'' 'UnaliE If verymuoli lOomWJitod Jttta; / ' ' '? Unrnvm-tMtiTp. gant, sndanlnooiii* . i.-il of titettUM ?9H».-A«»*W '*V««, 28»u Octgbtt, '^ Bablw.— We hurts recefvsd a mmble of H-flfy^^: ^:-jf.{Be4k,;i4I obtained itatj.is..fa^er1s-1ffl/i8, J^u Creek. , Mr. il-ok hns almut 25 acres of it, and ho bujieves it w the best as has ever growny ft is 'termed Farm Barley. We are kindly pro mlsed more of it should iwa require it. We certainly would lm vary^lad to receive some to dittribute u seed, the qaality of it being sn etoellent. Tlie 'sample, -which is a splendid one, can be seen at our offioe. , , Cricket. — Tho Grammar School met the 2od Autitgnys for (be flrrt 'time ibis season' on Satunday. B. S. Benjanto cspUined tbe sohoo), while 8. W. Orsies did a simi lar office for the Anbjmy team. The Utter having won the toss dejarniiiied to send thB school to the witkaks Int, chef were Boofa dispo«ed of for ttra small ?oore of 34 runs, owing to the good bowling of E. Harwedel and J. Lewu. The Aubigny now coaunenoed the defensive, but it seemed donbtfol at the start whether they would reach their oppo nents score as seven wickets had fallen for 12 runs through the irresistible bowling of Devinc and Perkins, but C- White and G. Alford getting together made a determined stand and soon brought the score to 85 when Mr. Alford bad to retire through a hit from the ball. The remainiug two wiokets fell when the score had reached 42, White carry ing ont his bat for a well-meritod 15. The school now made their second essay with the wi)low and were more successful Hub time, putting 74 together in capital style ; Benja min mnking 27 not out, Devise, 14, and Hensler, 10, just when it seemed as if ihey were to suocuuib to their opponents, bat the boys always play an uphill game with pluok. The Aubigny dob have got S7 to get to win. The match will be concluded Saturday week. Ma. Mbston at Vwtlba.— Mr. Meston has come forward in two voluminous letters to set Mmsolf right in the minds ot the pub lic with respect to his memorable speech at the oiwnine of the Yenlha line. . We are sorry to say we are not Mucia wiser alter reading either of them. ,tfho letter addressed to owrsfilvos does net, upon * calm penuMl, seem to have anything at ail to do with the question In dispute. At the risk ot being thought profane by Mr. Meston we confess that we do not sare much about whether Mr. Meston considers the ' voi dei' ir superior to the H vor popnli' or the reverse, but we should like to be a little clearer as to the meaning of the 'vox Mestonii.' Mr. Meston evidently knew that (lie proprietor of the Gazette was present on tbe occasion, and oonld scarcely have helped noticing that he was taking notes. Yet with that full know ledge he was so careless as to make a ' joke' that needed a most elaborate explanation. Perhaps Mr, Meston will pardon as when we say that we do not think that many of his speeches are worth ' iangeiog,' and for onr own part he is perfectly welcome to rush into the arms of any member of the Govern ment and bo dealt with as it may be thought his merits deserve. A great deal more fuss has been made over a* unwise utterance than either the occasion or the political im portance of the speaker called for, and we cannot help beiflf uuued at thn Alarm and terror expressed by our energetic eontompo rary the Ipsmkh Observer, from whose vati cinations one wonld really think that the member for the Rosewood was somebody in particular. As to Mr. Boss dancing tho Highland FJiog, it is a very nioo dance. Mr. Meston said Mr. Ross did it very well, and we know that even the hon. member who sneers so severely about ' Ghillie Callum' was not altogether immaeculate in regard to playful athletics. As tothe'voi populi,' to refer to that dreary theme again, a 'printer's error' was made, which was cor rected in the reprint into the Agriculturist ; and, finally, if Mr. Meston should honor us with another letter, we beg respectfully to inform him that we know something about ancient history and have read Cicero in the original Fat Cattle.— A correspondent writes :— The fat cattle recently brought down from the Thompson by Mr. Hudson were, as ad vertised, put up at auction on Friday last, at the corporation sale yards, and notwith standing tho fact of their well-known prime order, the prices realised were such m necessitated a withdrawal of the bulk from sale. The 1st pnn of seven were knocked down to Mr. M 'Arthur at £2 17s 6d. 2nd pen of ten head, to Mr. Collins, at £2 15s, and a third and fourth pen to tbe former gentleman, at £2 10s and £3 re spectively. It is tbe intention of the owner (Mr. Hudson), now that he finds a prioc difficult to obtain, commensurate with their value from the butchers, to do what is perhaps the wisest thing he can viz., to slaughter the cattle, add sell beef «t prices that will demand and force a trade, and with that intention he has purohased the goodwill and trade fixings of Mr. Morgan, ?no; at «om lot the Warwiddtos jbave beer at 3d. and U-L per Ib., instead of 2d. and 2\d. the late prioe. Moat of the tradesmen here seem incredulous, and indeed may be par doned for being somewhat taken aback at the (uotnpt and enor^etio manner displayed \\-y Mr. Hudson in his new departure, but it is none the lets a fact, that beef is sold at 1 4d per lb. Some few weeks back I told you that Mr. Hudson had .purchased something like 790 «**3 «?-* on «» Thompson -«, part of which mob was offered by auction** FrM day last), and after a sale had bean com pleted, the prioe of fat cattle lowered to such a figure that their owner {hiding suoh k number of fat cattle on his band* determined to prepare a oouree that would meet thB times and enable Mm to dispose tf his stock, ana with that view, hadmWselUr. mngementB for the purchase of the biMnMs of the cheap meat company, and on Batar day.tho- tirat'-ol tueiatok went to the Slaughter yard*. Fo/quatyy th»y oanppt be beaten, and visitor* w the'sWp of th«.niw proprietor all affirm what t say; one car case in particular, Attracting oiuoh notice from the mass of fat. Mr. Hudson is con fident that the netct Si Ms mob whioh is on the way flown,, witflrttSvB in*ettef idndi. tion even than those vow in, the present tot having had to face all the last winter. I can only wish the spirited gentleman all suo cess in the busiueas whloh bits w any rate jmt mar towqwbpU in'.4uawf^4«igng.»J good. Mttote for Mb Bon*y . Bokino Dav. — The meeting advertised to be held at the Queen's Arras, with the object of organising a day'a racing on Boxing Day came off on Saturday, and several persons interested in racing matters were pfJMent, and it wss decided that a day's racing should be held. The details, however, were postponed for arrenge ment a$ a lafer^perlod, and tbe particulars frill bjiul^«o««*J. STAlffLniW fitttOOVBRY AT HELBOCBNB.— On Wednesday, In oopsequence of some in formation received by the police, plain clothes constables, ^alsh ?adHotjaod, visited the house of a woman of notoriously immoral character, named'fjaura Martin, in Lonkdalc street east. In this den of infamy the police found a young lady, about IS years of ngc, tfe) Bfnjhter of ;» -»ll*nowii Melbourne mannfaciarer. On the' Way to the lbck-up the girl stated that she and her sister had been pupils at the model school in Spring* street, and that the woman Martin had 6 ret spoken to them about three weeks tgo. She then lived in Stephen-street, The girl's statement showed clearly that e-n attempt, which may have been successful or not, had been deliberately made to effect her ruin. According to the girl's own admission, instead . of attending school, both she and her sister spent the day on many occasions in this woman's house. The police are making a thorough investigation into the aflair, and more will, probaWy, be heard about it in a few days.— Evening AVim October 29. 