Ordinary Meeting. Piesent: The same councillors, C0HKESP05ÍDE5ÍCE. ceivod^áml- ofthemoZt ciCv\%Zil tho' town clerk was instructed to write to the Min° ¡ster stating that tho Council cordially sud ported the request for new buildings bcin<r erected, but recommended no site, aud thi? when a site was fixed «p0„ by the De nn in From F° 3¿lb,"!Uoa t0 «"»» f«r app&val.; 1' rom I. Sciallero, askinB for permission to place an iron boat on the Upper Reserve dam to experiment with, as the Grassy Flat Keservoir "From T* ChiUVed',aU(1 ai>Plication granted. »riit „ \ CahlU-. askiug for permission to J1 house with only ono party wall memo from building surveyor attached siit'inir no public injury will bo tlio result if the pert • c~d3¿Tth.ted" liOCeÍTOd' ai,d r(iíluos' toP b0 . F™m th% Secretary for Agriculture, forward mg claim for signature re parks aud wardens voto liaceivcd. The -Mayor stated that when Town Clerk10 t°h ^ü',"lay ia3fc with tho w r ' th°y ¡'ad an interview with Mr. Longmoro on this subject, when ha pointed out that they were taking too much huí MVOte' f'Ul h° WQnltl "0t be able t0 diat" 0 "le ,T"to so ai to gire £ for £. He sug gested thac_ they should consent to all other municipalities being paid £ for £ and that Sandhurst should take tho balance' which was £2,600. This Tras objected to, and he then promised that iu the event of their accepting the £2,600 the balance should be mado a first c!>argo°u-the estimates for the ensuing year and that they should be paid £ for £ The Xown Clerk stated that the papers sent up were only for £2,600, aud that he at once telQP graphed to kno-w whether in the event of that sum being taken they would be paid the balance £ lor £. aud that it would bo made a first charge on the estimates for next year. To íw n \^ePartmen,t\ lUKl rePlieJ t0 the effect or lM SI Tr11 considered in tho voto tor 1SS0-81. Ibis he considered very unfair treatment after the promise made, and moro-* oror they were entitled to £3,909, a3 waa ihown by tho telegrams from tho Depart ment dated 9th Juno. Cr. Clark spoka in very strong terms regarding the aotioa of the Government m the matter, and said there must hare been somo wire- pulling going on, and he considered it most unjust uufair, and illegal for upwards of £1,300 of their money to bo taken aud distributed amongst other councils. The Town Clerk said he m. tended writing that night and protesting against tlie action of tho Department. Cr. Denovau Of course that £2,600 will be received, but only tLP"U3ayT",fc- Clark said ia mentioning the matter it should bo stated that in connection with all other votes, such as the Benevolent Asylum, Hospital, School of Alines, Mechanics* Institute, and Agricultural societies, they j always had the in niey given to them under cer tain regulations, and that had been forcibly pressed upon him quite recently in con nection with the ¿Mechanics' Institute, Tho parks and gardens vote had also to be distributed in a similar manner, and it was monstrous for the Minister to over ride regulations in that manner and deprive Sandhurst of some £1,400 for the benefit of other placea- The Torrn Clerk said it was pub very plainly to Mr. Longmor# and ho had not a word to say; lie had no defence whatevor ro butiug what they said. Tho Mayor said he kaew , very well tho department knew they vrcro wroug, because they sent Mr. Wallia up tho next day to examine the accounts again, when he was obliged to say they were perfectly cor reefc. Cr. Woodward suggested that the £2,GOO should bo accepted as part payment, and that they should protest.against it. Cr. Donovan said there would be £1,390 due by the Government to the Council, and as it was a just claim it would be recognised by Parliament, aud that tho Minister had no right to set it aside. Ho could not believe there was any political motivo in it, as the Council had always treated the Ministry with respect when ever thiy wore here, and in his opinio» there bad been somo backstair influence at work, and it became them as custodians of tho funds of tho citizens of Sandhurst to see that their claim was not set aside. The money waa due, and if it was not paid on 30th Jane the vote .lapsed. The Mayor said ho was afraid that it they took this money they would fet no more. He thought if Cr. Clark would go°down with him and Mr. Mintyre, thar would let Mr. Longmore see he was not keopi¿g faith with them; and if he would not keep hi. promise they conld go and see the Chief Secretary Tf - they did not get the £4,000 they might eet a promise from him to make the balanco a first claim on the voto next year. Cr. A.ninall agreed with the mayor, and thought a fnrther effort should bo made in the matter, and that power should be given tho deputation to close the matter the best way they could. Ho could only say that, to hij mind, it was just in keeping -with all tha political movements of the present Ministry, and how a Minister could attempt to go behind a vote of Parliament he could not till, A cor» tain amount of money had been spent, and they had a certain claim oajthat vote, whieh w*3 dis tributed by regulations, and no one had any right to interfere with those regulations. Thoy wore only trying to shuffle out of it, and asthero was no time to be lost, he would move that tho town clerk should telegraph to the Chief Secre tary to receive a deputation to morrow (this) morning. Cr. Bayue seconded tho motion, as it was the only course left open to them They were entitled to £3,399, and thoy should mako overy effort to get it. Cr. Hayes said no Minis. tor with any regard for truth and honesty would so soon after break a promise, and that ho (Mr. Longmore) would be obliged to keen his promise to make tha balance a first charge. Or. Clark said it was a question whether tho Chiet Secretary would receive a deputation, it being Saturday, and all the offices closing at 1ÍJ o'clock. In any event, however, lie ww> sorry to say lie wonld not be able to go down, as lie had » very important appointment to keep, but Ins colleague, Mr. MTutyre, who was in Mel bourne, would accompany the ¿Mayor. L-r. Dcuovan wished the Town Clerk to be.ineluded in the deputation, but it was not thought neces sa:y, and after one or two other unimportant remarks, • the town clerk was requested to despatch the telegrams forthwith, and it was understood the Mayor would ¡¿o down alone, and dp, the_ best he could ..in. reference to the V°From Shire of. Ripoiv - for' support to the system of differential'rating'in the new Local Government Bill.'■ Received.'..- 1 . From W. H. Harrison, asking for the rates due on his premises in Grattan- street, which ■were destroyed by fire last February, to be reduced. Received. 1 .. ,, . From Superintendent of Police, stating that directions -bad - been given to preventtlie nuisance complained-of by Mr. Howard. Ke CelFrom Cliff. Dankel, and 49'others, residents of Dowling, Hargroaves, and King streets,' and Bath Lane, objecting to a lease being granted to Bevau and Jones on Bendigo Flat, as applied for; na it would interfere with their holdings as miners, who are striving to get their freehold aud earn an honest; living. They had no objec tion to mining by consent. The petition fur-, ther stated that they were all within to four corner pegs of " this lease, or swindle, venture, ?r robbery. Received, and referred to tlio mining committee to report. • -.•<». •—> From the town clerk, Ballarat, • for warding a copy of tho mayor's report; and'vote of thanks passed by the Ballarat Council for the reception given to the Ballarat-yisitors on the 17th inst. Received. , k "■;;; , • From Coleman, Woods, and f.nir other hair dressers, objecting to the hairdressing business bein" carried.-on in the city baths; as it."was a great injustice to them, and asking the-Council to prevent it. Received.— •" ; . ' ■ -, From Hallis's band, declining,'with thanks, the vote of £05 granted by the Council,'oil cer tain conditions. Received. : . From the Mafira Shire, forwarding copy of a report-of Municipal Conference held at Sale re grouping municipalities, for discussing Legisla tive requirements, and requesting delegates to conference to be held in Melbourne ..on; 20th' July. Received. - ! ! ' ' . From Jackson, Culhney, and 19 others, for Frederigk and Langston street to be reticulated. Received, and to be forwarded' to the Depart ment, with a request for the work-to be done. From J. F. Warren, applying for one month a extension of time to supply the timber, for fenc ing in Lake Weerona. Received, aiid consider ration deferred until the close of the contract. From Brown and Ellison; apply'rig for the transfer of a wine and spirit mercha nt's licence from Robert Moorhead to Robert John- Moor head. -Received, and request granted.' »"•' From street tree curator, enclosing report, of work done during the past month. -Received. From J. H. Raleigh, asking'for the pnblife works committee to inspect the footbridge put down by him, and for his deposit to be returned. Received. From M. Kelly, calling 'attention; to; the dangerous state of the open drain in front if his premises, the Mount Edgecombe Hotel, Olinda street, Quarry Hill. Received.; 1 - ' • From J.' P. Motteram, city solicitor, 'as fol lows, re Licensing Statute "I haVo' pernsed sections IS,' 19, 20, 21. 22, and-23 of Licensing. Statute No. 566, and have considered the ques tions referred to me by yon. " Iri! obtaining thb determination required by secti on 1S to be talién' in the manner directed by the said'sections, the same must be taken at every booth used in the ward for which a' contested election shall'take place. For this' year au election of 'councillors only takes placa to fill the vacancies in three wards, and one or more elections may be con-' tested, and in this regard the first difficulty suggested occurs. I am of;'opinion .that uot * withstanding there be no contest the; determi nation contemplated by the above sections be taken iu tlie same way as if such election were a contested one, but it is not necessary to provide more than a central booth at'which such votes may be taken. The question of how the wards in which no election shall take place at all are to be considered seems at first sight rather more difficult to deal with, but in. face of the language of section 23, , I think the difficulty is more imaginary than real. Section 23 directs that, Vat every election v . •" the officer presiding . . . shall . notwithstand ing that no such poll, et«." ,' So that the deter-. . mmation is contemplated free from the necessity' * of any, poll, and I am, therefore, of opinion that > it will be1 necessary that a returning officer .'for each ward be appointed, a booth fixed upon i.i a ': central position, and thatjthe papersfor tlie pur pose of obtaining the votes: of electors entitled to vote be ready to be furnished to all proper applicants, in order to enable- a full exercise by the elector of his rights in-regard to the'-deter mination." Received; and referred to the finance committee. , . -reports. The Town Surveyor reported that the channel in Hargreavcs-street from Mundy to Berual streets, a length of 10 chains, was in a bad state, and also a further length ot five chains to the comparatively new brick ehannel. The channel is too small to convey the water, and requires to be widened nearly 18 inches. : He recommended that the channel should bo wholly brick, the samo as the lower part, and: gave an-estimate óf the cost.' Received. Under date f 27th inst. the town surveyor reported—That in Olinda-street, a little to the cast of'Howard-streets'is a, dished crossings which conveyed water from the top of Quarry Hill acress Olinda-street,- after which it passed through ■ several allotments, then across Glad stone-street into the Railway Reserve, and thence towards the Bendigo' Creek. Tbe Rail way Department' have stopped the watercourse by filling with earth, and the owners or occupiers of' the allotments through which the drain pas'sed havc also obstructed the waterway. As there'is no' provision made for conveying such a large body of water (about 15 acres) along Olinda-street towards Back Creek the first heavy rain is likely to cause damage to the road way and also to private property. Some imme diate remedy is required either to allow the water to follow its original course or increase the capacity -of tho channel in Olinda-street.' Received, and-the town clerk was instructed to request the Railway Department and other parties to remove the obstructions to the water channel. ' u> The towii clerk reported as follows for th5 . week ending27th June, 1S79:—No. 4 account.— • Paid ¿nto bank, £1,917 I2a. 10d.; bank balance, Cr., ¿919 13s. 2d.. Approximate liabilities—No, 1 general' account—-Dr. bank balance, £10,345 lis. ScUj'No'. 41 account—Balances of contracts, £2,040. ■'.'"Deposit, account.—Deposits "in bank, £551 16s.'t6d.- :'Special rate account in bank— £2,289 Í2si'3d.; Received. The finance' cominittee's report for the 20th June was read, received, and adopted. • V GEXEKAI, BC8INESS. On the motion of Cr. Woodward, certain road and other work in Baruard-street, reported on on the 15th May, with additional recommenda tions of the public works committee, was ordered'to bo proceeded with at once. In reply to Cr. Bayne, the town surveyor said the ftcam road roller did not work on Saturday nights, but commenced after 12 o'clock on Sunday'night. Cr. Bávne moved that £5 should be expended in erecting a footbridge in Williamson-street, near the Retreat road. Seconded' by Cr. Holmes and carried. ' Cr. Woodward moved that some earth on the Bullock Creek road, near M'Xaughtoii's residence, should be removed, as it was in die way of the public traffic. Agreed to, cost uoc to oiceed £5. ' Cr. Hayes moved that £5 should be expended ill repairing and gravelling tlie footpath in Buckley-street, north side, between .Moran and Black streets.' Agreed to. Cr. Dpnovan asked that notice of motion No. C31 should be allowed to take precedence. Cr. Aspinall opposed it as there were plenty of im portant works to be done. A discussion ensued as to whether a notice of motion could be allowed to take precedence bv the consent of the majority of the councillors present, or whether it was by the consent of the whole Council. Eventually tin- Mayor ruled that it was by the consent of the majority ot the Council, and.the motion was allowed precedence. Cr. Denovaii then moved "That the sum of £25 be voted to Mr. Hugh 31 'Coil, as secretary of the North-Western Canal Scheme, iu accord ance with his petition." In doiug so he referred to the energy and perseverance shown by .Mr. M'Coll in carrying out tbe preliminary ar rangements iu connection with tho scheme, and° as it wa3 a matter of importance, and if tho undertaking were successfully carried out it would he of great benefit to tkÍ3 district, iie thought the Council should grant him the small sum of £25 in furtherance of the object he had in view. Cr. Holmes seconded the motion. Cr. Buckley desired to know whether it was for Mr. M'Coll or for the furtherance of the scheme he had in view 1 C¡. Denovan said it was to assist in de fraviiig tl-.o preliminary expeusss. Cr. Aspinall said he should oppose the motion, and in doing so should ask the other councillors not to vote for it, as it was simply voting 'he money into Mr. M'Coil's pocket for travelling about the country, as he had been travelling about for the last three or four years, iu company with Mr, Dods, and soliciting contributions from share holders and other=. If anything came be.ore them in a proper public spirit, and the sum asked for would he diverted into a channel tor the public benefit, iu a legal way, he would sup port it, but in this instance he thought u any thin0' was given it should be out of their pn« vateDpockets, and if Cr. Pcnovau and other porting the motion wanted to ho charitable* they should bo charitable with their owu money. Mr. M'Coll had syokvu tn him about the scheme, but he .-aid then that with a popula tion uf S0U.ÜJÜ to think of spending twelve millions of money 011 this can:;! was a'osunl, ami that he (Mr. M'Col!) was HID y.-.xvs in advance of tin; times. This ■.cheine had I»»' been going on for three or lour years, and nothing luid been .lone, and lie was "sorry to_-.ee that public men w ere getting so demoralised that 1 ..■ would vote any money so long as it n.d not come out of theii own pocket:-. at'1 be tho'ight it would be a great deal better if they were not quite so fast in voting money. Flo should oppose _ the motion. Cr. Woodward said he was ot opinion they had no power to grant anistaucc to a schemo of that nature. They bad done so to forward railway schemcs, but that was very different, as thoy were practicable, and this wan not. It was a gigantic scheme started before its time; there was nothing in it, or it would surely have been taken up by the Government, and he doubted whether the whole population of the colonies'eiuld carry it out. He could see no hopo of the scheme benefiting this district, and ho di(l not think under the circumstances they were justified in assisting it. Cr. Clark said ■ as long as they had councils there was liouiul to be a-difference of opinion, and lie should (vote :for .the motion. A number of sellemos- had been, initiated which had at the. time been regarded as Utopian, but which had been: successfully carried out. This would be of immense bcnef.t to the country, ari<I litisWM UQiisUSO having railways and roads if , they , had .not induration. He re ferred to the distress and suffering he had wit hessedbin his travels during the last live or six months in the North-Western district for the want1of water. Ho thought the scheme would ultimately be carried out, and if they were not going to assist-tlio movement they ought to have dealt with' it at once. He would put it even i on the bare possibility of it being com pleted, and see', what a "benefit it would be to Sandhurst.'- ' He referred to the benefits derive.! in India from! canals,. (Cr. ■ Woodwara: 11 With a population, ofja, hundred million"); and he (Cr"., Clark) believed the ratepayers would be in favor 0!.such.a ¡small contribution as £25 being granted.- 'Cr.tBayno thought if they did any thing they should do it out of their own pockets. Mr. M'Goll came"to him last year wlieu be was iti obicó, and ho gave him £10. He should op pose the motion, .as ho did not think it was right to .put his hantfs in the ratepayers' pocke ts ft» such a purpose.. The. niotiou >vas tlieu put nud lost. Ayes'—Cri." Donovan, Clark, and Holuies.. Noes—The Mayor, Crs. Buckley, Woodward,. Hayes,.-Bayne, and Aspinall..< .u Cr.; Holmes, by' permission, moved " that 1 tenders' be called for the completion óf the ex- * ternal portion of the Towii-Hall; as per;plan of. architect, exclusive of cementing, Vnbjcct to the plans' being inspected,; and:' if necessary, varied by a :.8ttb^mmiit^'<son8Í8Ói<g'-.«>f .the .'Ma.yotf_, Crs. Bayuo.'aiid Áspiúall, and' the mover, the; cost"' not. to exceed iSlOOO.", The finauces, ho said would not;bé in a better position than..they were ;at present, and owing to the depression, prevailing in tlie building trades, and the num ber'.of men-out of employment, they would get the Work "done cheaper. Cr. Denovan cordially seconded the-Uhbtion, and in doing so said he thought they.ought to finish the structure having commenced itj especially as at the present time ' tliere WVas a large' amount oí surplus labor in the' market, and it would have to be done sooner or' later. / Cc." Clark said he should oppose I jc motion. It was an inconvenient building, and they, had nutigbta single room in it tit to be called'! a-roonrexcept the Council Chamber. The Corn Exchange was no use for public meetings, as a speaker hád tó strain his lungs to tlyv .útnióst to be'.Heard in it, and it was not fit for a ball-room, owing to the objectionable pillars iii it. He regretted to.say there was a large number of bhe;building traíe3 out of employment, but as the. '(íovérumenE;had, intimated that if a suitable, site.'¡was.chosen they intended to erect a new j)ost: aud telegraph office aud public buildings, ; he thought that fact might be laid before the Minister of Public Works as an inducement for him to'go on with the buildings at or.ee, and which would cause some 20, 30, or 40 thousaiid' pounds to be spent. He thought they ought to build a new town hall, and not spend aiiy more! money on the present building, which he found no to 31st December, 1S78, had cost £10,839,i: Córii Exchange, £4,111; alterations, £2,434 13s.; furnishing estimated at £39S; making altogether £17.791 13s.y and. riovv.it was prbpjoaed :to adrl £3,000 more to that sum. If the Council had been in,earnest'in disposing of'tlio;building, and had shown'' the Government the ádvautage iv would have bden to have the policeconrt, lock up, and police "qnartera altogether,'they could have sold ' it. '^If"inóvrj ; however," tliey per: sisted' iii '8péndiúgJ'mor¿ mouey on it they were ; giving away . their last chance of getting.rid /of,ghosts objectionable buildings in the resér ve. •'Morco ver the present building was trespassing 20ífeét"on to Hargreaves- street, ami it was competent for any ratepayer to take them to the Supreme Court, and compel tliein to re move it! " He thought it would be a good deal betterj to sell the present building, and build a .new Town Hall'in Pall Mall. The Minister had told theni to select a site, aud he would support an estimáte' fór new public buildings, and he (Cr. : Clark) thought they, could not do better tliau"' have,, them .in Pall .Mall, and build a new: hall'.alongside,".'.which' would give general- sátis fibtion io' ,the ratepayers. He should oppose the mótib.n even"if he;Stóod alone. Cr. Wood ward supported, the motion, and stated that 10 years ago tliuy.; wanted to remove all the build , iiijts : to the Mall, but there was an inseparable objection. Ouesidewas apublifcroad, ami it could .not" bé obtained without an act of Parliament, and: thénVciúid not be used without giving ctímpensatiou' to every holder of property in the Mall; wliicli would cost £100,000. He believed the present building wlion finished would be one of the most .commodious aud kaudsomc buildings in "the "colony/ They might remember that it was said the Mechanics' Institute was only a pile b£bricks, but it was now admitted that- it was an ornament to the city. Cr. Aspinall had great pleasure in supporting the .'motion. ' He rather sympathised with Cr. Clark, but if he would give it considera tion, he must know to build a new hall in Pall Mall was. impracticable and impossible. It was like the Canal scheme; it might be earned out 'some day. Tears ago they tried to do it, and had an "offer for the Town Hall, but a public meeting was held, and resolutions carried that the" Town Hall should not be removed, and before they could carry out such a scheme they would have to get the ratepayers' consent, as tu build a new ¿all meant an additional tax of G.I. or 9d. in the £. If a building could be put up in the Reserve, lie would consent to it, but it was a main road aud could not be inter fered with; besides the present building would answer their' purpose for the next 100 years. Cr. Hayes moved as an amend ment, " That the subject be deferred lor three months." He thought it would be more advisable to spend the £3,000 011 public works, and referred to the necessity of some thing being done to the creek from Charing cross to Short-street, which would give more employment than the alteration to the hall. Cr. Clark seconded the amendment, and referred to the deputation that is to wait on the Minister of Public Works on Wednesday re new public offices, and suggested that the further consider ation of the subject should at any rate be allowed to stand over until the result of that interview was known. He thought it would be a great deal better to take some of the notices on the paper, of which there were 139, than go 011 with tiie embellishments to the hall. Cr. Bayne supported the motion, and in doing so pointed out that even by spending this £3.000 on the hall, the public works would not sutler, as they would have £7,000 for that pur lu.se. If the improvements were carried out at the town hall, as the plans were prepared, it would be such a . building that the Government might copy from when they did go in for spend ing £20,000 oil new public buildings. Ho had made calculations, and lie believed they could do all they wanted to, and then do with a shilling rate. The Mayor said before putting the motion he wished to state that he could not understand why the Government and the public buildings and the town hall should be mixed up together; the Government would not build them a new town hall. There w.uj another question to be considered in the removal of the hall, and 1 that was vested interests; besides it would be a very handsome hall, aud our visitors had said it was the best,out of Melbourne. Kven liallarat people who lie had the pleasure of entertaining said they had not got such ac commodation in their hull. They had no large public iia.Il, and their (Ballarat) Council Cham ber was nothing like the Sandhurst one. After a brief reply from Cr. Holmes it was agreed that the sub-committee should consist of the whole Council, three to form a quorum. The motion was then put and carried, Crs. Clark and Hayes dissenting. Cr. Aspinall moved that £5 should be spent in cutting a drain at Lake Woeroona. Seconded and carried. The Council then (G.10 p.m.) adjourned. 