THE HAMILTON'S. A STOBT OF AUSTRALIAN- UFE. [Chambera'e Journal.) (Concluded.) CHAPTER Xl.-ANXIOUS MOMENTS. TUE wild Australian Hack is perhaps the lowest known tree of humanity. _ His skull ?hows a low development of physique. His mode of living is wretched in the extreme, for he lacks the capability of building a sufficient shelter either from the scorching sun of summer or from the keen winds and heavy tains of winter. And yet it is possible to find even a lower grade of being than the Australian black in ina native ignorance and filth, namely the same black after he has visited some of the colonial cities. When he has associated with the offscourings of one of the large towns, when he has added to the brutality of the savage the lowest vices of civilisation, then indeed, he becomes a hope- lessly degraded creature, a thing for angels to weep over and for mankind to mourn. Sou will not wonder then, that when Phyllis encountered the look of this man, and took in at one glance the expression of his fierce eyes and repulsive mouth, even her brave spirit quailed, and the blood seemed to ebb from her cheeks and throb to her heart with a wild terrible pang of fear. It so happened that only a few weeks before, the colonial papers had rune with the accounts of a murder which had been committed at a lonely shepherd's hut, on the hills. The shepherd was out at bis work, far beyond ear- shot of his dwelling, and his wife had been left alone in her solitary dwelling, with her infant child. A party of wandering blacks came to the hut; and when the unhappy man returned in thc evening, he found his hut a scene of desolation, and his dear ones brutally murdered. The whole colony waa mored to horror at the distardly deed-a deed which was only partly expiated by the execution of the ringleaders. Phyllis had read this story ia the papers ; and during the few seconds in which she stood confront- ing the block, it Sashed npon her in all its terrible details. She thought of her delicate sister, of thc infant, of little Bertie, and she was conscious that their lives as well as her own bung upon her tact and courage. But though those thoughts were written on the brave pale face, the girl never lost for au instant her hearty bearing, or quailed before the insolent stare of the black. With an imperious gesture, she pointed to the spot by the water where the others were already preparing to light a fire and were hacking the sheep to pieces ; and the man turned sullenly away. When she saw that he had rejoined his companions, she went into her own room, and gave way for a little to a violent emotion whioh shook her from head to foot. She felt giddy and siok, and for a few minutes was m that painful state whoa consciousness is only retained by a strenuous effort of the will. It muBt have been during those few moments of weakness that the girl's heart cried aloud and found utterance at ber lips. 'Jack, i Jack, Jack 1' she murmured, and then . covered her face with her hands and was 1 silent. ] It was only for a little while, however, that I the weakness triumphed. Going forward to ! the looking-glass, she smoothed her bair, and i tried to bring back a little colour into her i white cheeks. While lingering for a few moments on the threshold of the sitting-room, i Bessie was struck on looking np from her 1 work by the curious set paleness af her sister's i face. I * Phyllis darling,' she said, ' do you know i you are looking very ill? You mast have i over-tired yourself this morning. Come here j and Bit beside me, pet, for a little, and rest 1 your head on my pillow.' < 'Yes, presently,' answered Phyllis, as she I moved restlessly about the room for a few i minutes, under pretence of tidying away ! Bertie's toys. And then she did what Bessie i had never seen her strong sister do before ; she went to the cupboard, poured out a glass i of wine, and drank it. 'You are ill, Phyllis,' said Bessie, raising I herself from the sofa in alarm. ' 'No; indeed I am not,' answered Phyllis, : coming to ber sister's side, and resting her < bead on the sofa-cushion. ' Don't be anxious about me, Bessie. I am only a little tired ; ? and when Jndy Maloney oomes bock, I mean to live the idlest audi most luxurious life i possible.' i ' I wish she were here now.' ' So do I !' ejaculated Phyllis, with what ¡ seemed to her sister unusual energy. Bessie began talking of some little household ' reforms that were to be effected when Judy came back. The beds and windows were to have fresh curtains ; and Robert had promised ? a new carpet for the sitting room. ' And a i piano. Phyllis 1 Robert has positively said that a piano is to come up in the next dray from Adelaide ! If I have not forgotten all thc little music lever knew, I shall give you some (-. lessons.' Much as this might otherwise have I interested Phyllis, the kindly words were lost upon the girl as she listened with strained attention for any sound from outside which might betray the presence of the blacks or her sister. 'Shall we ever need those things?' she was thin) 'IR. ' Will our lives go on just the .ame after tnis ? Or when James and Robert come back to-night, will they find ns ' Would Robert go mad, she wondered, if he came back and found his darling, his idolised «rife, as that shepherd's wife had been found ? and Jack? Would he remember only what was best in her, an i forgive and forget all that had jarred on him ? ' But it shall never be !' she said to herself desperately. ' I hare strength and courage ; and God helps those who fight for the innocent.' She rose from her low seat presently, and declaring she was quite rested, announced her intention of preparing dinner for the little household. 'Don't trouble to cook anything,' called BesBie after her. ' Anything cold will do for us to-day, and you do look so tired.' Glancing for a moment at the calm domestic scene-the delicate pretty young mother, the infant's oralle, the strong healthy boy drag- ging bis toy-horse about the room-Phyllis again repaired to her chamber, where she offered up aa aeonised prayer to the Father of all mercy. When she rose, she looked and felt perfectly calm. She opened a drawer in which she bad put away Jack's little pistol, took it out and examined it, to make sure that she remembered all that he hod told her about its method of working. It was, ss I have said, a revolver of the smallest size, and of the most beautiful workmanship. AB she looked at its glittering barrel and costly mountings, she reflected with a curious sort of satisfaction that in this exquisite toy, which ehe could easily hide in one of her strong hands, death might be dealt tn six human beings. 'Four of them,' she thought, while the lines about her mouth deepened and her eyes glittered. ? One for Bessie, and myself last. AB for the children ' Loading the pistol carefully, abe slipped it into the side pocket of her dress ; and then, before going to the kitchen, she went to reconnoitre the unwelcome guests. She walked along the bank for a little way, and ] stood looking down at the blacks, herself unseen. They had eaten as mach half-raw ' 'motton ag it was possible for even them to consume, and their capacities in that direction are simply- enormous ; and now they were drinking thejbrandy, some out of tin pannikins, which they had doubtless procured at the last town they had visited ; and others in a still more primitive fashion, from the bottles, some of the men seeemed to bo already satiated, and were lying nat on their backs, with closed eyes and faces upturned to the Bky. Two or three others, among whom was the tall blaok who had followed Phyllis, to the house, and for whom she had conceived a speoial aversion, were still sitting up, and carrying on the debauch, aa if determined to get as much enjoyment as possible out of the unwonted abundance. As for the women, they bad withdrawn to some distance, and were squatted on the ground, their knees drawn up to their chins, and blankets or opossum skins thrown over their shoulders. Probably they bad already received the small share of brandy which was all their lords could see fit to spare them. Altogether tho aspect of affairs looked tolerably promising, thought Phyllis. If only those two or three inveterate topers would give in and go to sleep, or if only Sam would take it into his head to return to thc homestead. Never had she longed for the sight of a haman being as she now longed for a glimpse of that awkward youth. She turned so esau the brow of the hill behind the house, hoping and praying to catch a flutter of his old jacket or a peep of thc top of his brimless hat ; but nothing living broke the green outline of the slope. Nothing remained nut to watch and wait till the western sky should begin to redden and she might listen for the rolf of the bullock drays in the distance, and for the well known tread of Jack's gray horse. Calling fortitude to her aid, the brave girl went about ber household work, preparing nourishing soup for Bessie's dinner, feeding Bertie, setting the kitchen ia order, and bak- ing scones for the men, who would return hungry and tired in the evening. The hands of the Dutch clock in the kitchen seemed to stand Btill, and two or three times she went up to it, to listen if its slow heavy pulse were Btill beating on. Every now and then she stole out to where she could see the blacks, and as the afternoon wore on she noted with thankfulness that they had at length succumbed to the potent liquor, and were lying quiet and apparently asleep. The kitchen clock tolled the hour of four, and Phyllis thought, 'In two hours more liobert and Jack may be here.' She was dwelling on this idea with a feeling of relief, when going to the outside corner of the kitchen to glance towards the lake and hill, as she bod so many times, already that day, Bhe saw something which made her brave heart stand still for a moment. The tall black hod risen from his recumbent position and was now Btealing slowly towards the house with a stealthy step and sidelong fiances, which told of sinister meaning, lither he had drunk less than his fellows, or else, as he was evidently the strongest of the party, his potations hod taken less effect upon bim. At anyrate, on he came ; and the pale girl realised with an intense vividness of conviction that the hour of her deadliest peril was come. It was only for an instant that she quailed ;' the next she had stepped forward to meet him, determined at any cost to prevent his nearer approach to the house. Stepping forward to within about six paces of him, «he stopped, and demanded to know his errand, drawing herself up to her full height. ' How dare you come near the house?' Bhe exclaimed. 'Go back to the others at once t' The blackfellow grinned, but Btopped MB eat-like advance. Phyllis saw that he carried his club in his right hand, which he held ' partially concealed behind bim ; and she knew that if he came near enough a blow might plaee her at bis mercy. For more than a minute they stood confronting one another. Phyllis's hand was in the pocket of ber dress, holding what she had hidden there, and her 1 eyes held the burning orbs of the savage, as the hunter holds the eyes of a wild animal ; about to attack him. It was all of whioh she held dear that the girl was thinking os she stood there during those few terrible moments -of life and honour ; of her delicate sister ; and the new-born babe ; of merry little Bertie, the pride and pet of the house. She knew from the expression of the black'B face that he meant mischief, and drawing the revolver from her pocket, she took deliberate aim. ' If yon come a step nearer, I will fire !' she exclaimed.. Perhaps the native had never before seen so small a weapon, and did not believe it to be deadly ; or perhaps he had never seen a woman use a weapon of any kind ; for be only grinned again and advanced a step or two. There was a flash, a report ; and Phyllis saw through the smoke her enemy lying before her, , wounded and bleeding. A mist swam before her eyes ; Bhe felt a deadly sickness stealing over her ; and through all the giddiness and ! strange noises which rang in her ears, she was conscious of thc galloping of a horse urged to its utmost speed, coming ever nearer and nearer. In another minute Jack's arms were round her, and she was looking into bis face with along gasping sigh. 'Speak to me, Phyllis ! What is wrong ?' 'The blacks,' she answered; 'they have been here all day. But it is all right, now you havecome,'with a shuddering look towardstbe wounded man. ' Have I killed him ?' ' Killed him ? No ! You have winged him though, very neatly. Tho scoundrel 1' and Jack's dark eyes scintillated with anger. 'Hedeserves more than that. Come iuBide, my brave child ; you are as pale as a ghost' Phyllis was trembling like a leaf now -, but ehe managed to smile into his face. ' Never mind me. See, there is Bessie looking from the door ; go and take her back to her sofa.1 Jack went to thc back-door of the parlour, wkich Bessie had managed to reach, and from which she was gazing with a very scared face. He lifted her in his arms and carried her back to her sufa, soothing her with assurances that all danger was over, that Robert and the men would (io home directly, and that there was really no harm dune. Bessie strove hard to suppress the hysterical sobbing natural to her weak state. 'Send Phyllis to me,' ehe begged. 'Oh, how brave she hos been all day ! I know now why Bhe looked so pale and strange in the forenoon I And she bore all the anxiety without saying a word ta mo.' Phyllis came into tho room, and kneeling down beside her sister, laid ber face against her Bhouldor. ' It is over now,' whispered Phyllis. ' Don't be frightened, darling.' They listened with strained ears till they beard the rattle of the drays with th voices of tiie men outside. Then Phyllis slipped away fc> ber own room, where she Uv down, and fell int» a state that was partially unconsciousness partly sleep. From tliis sh was roused by the settler's well-known voice and opening her eyes, she saw Robert liendin over her, aud loading her with all manlier" tender-names. 