THE PENNANT .FAMIELY, UT ANNE DEALE, AUTHOR OP " WAT ARLINGTON. CHAPTER XL. FOUND drowned I was the verdict passed by the coroner at the inquest held on. Lord Penruddock. No one appeared to be in fault. His lordship had returned from the Mediterranean, in his yacht, accompanied. by Sir George Walpole and a competent crew. They. had been crusing about the Welsh coast, and had finally determined to visit Craigavon Castle. In making for the nearest, port they had to pass the bays and the quicksands already alluded to, which Lord Penruddock supposed he knew well, and with the situation of which the pilot was also acquainted. Although the wind had risen;-and the evening was ad vancing, his lordship resolved to row to the castle, and left the yacht, with two of his crew, in the boat. Both Sir George and the pilot, tried to dissuade him from this, but in vain. He said he had particular reason for wishing to be at home at once, and as there was no anchorage for the ves sel in Ton Bay, and if she made for it off the quicksands, he preferred taking to the boat, The yacht and her boat, therefore parted company at about five o'clock in the afternoon. The yacht was much tossed about by winds and waves, and made little way before nightfall. ,lThen, as we know, the beacon on the Esgair was ex tinguished, and she was unable to pass that point. The false fire kindled by the wreckers drew her towards the quicksand ; and hence the signals of distress heard on land. Caradoc had put out the fire, and so saved her from actually striking, but she was in the midst of rocks and shoals as dangerous as:.the sands. When aradoc, lDavie Jones, and the others reached her, the pilot was in despair ; but Davie man aged to put her about, knowing, as ' ar adlo had said,, the coast as well by night as by day. So the earl's purposes were again defeated by Caradoc, and had the'-Esgair: light remained, there would have been no, pleril to ship or boat. The fate of'the boat was made clear by the terrified - sailors.- They had weathererd the gale till?-veiiing deepened;, anudhad seen the beacon which warned them from the qlicksands. ut' when it suddenily die appear ed, and the gale iiecreas, d. they could d,. little but lie upon their oars , Lord Penruddock encouragen them bli the assur. ance that they were 'surely drift{ing tdwards the landing-place in Ton Bay, but 'a light appeared in the diStance; and'his:lordship;, who was acting as steersman, ,moved, the helm towards it., -Soon afterwards the boat struck, capsized, and thle sailors'knew .no more of the.. hapless Lord Penruddock They could swim and he was at best a bad swimmer; itwias dark, and they lo-t sight of him altogether. T'lhey 'managed to cliiig to the keel of the boat until day-dawn, when they saw the =yacht at no great dis tance. Thehey .had previously heard her signals. Happily, a sailor on the look-out saw them also.. '.Caradoc and his crew were on board the yacht, their boat alongside ; so the boat wyas, put out, and saved ,them. All saved, except the young lord 1 Inquiries concerning him resulted in Caradoc and' the boatmen returning to Monad. to in-. stitute immediate search, while the yacht, having righted her boat, cruised 'about in the vague hope of finding him. The rest we already know. Drowned by the judgement of God I might have been .the' coroner's verdict. But Caradoc' Pennant, who'had found the body, and hlel,ed to remove the earl, was silent concerning" the' awful' facts that he and Daisy alone knew., Not even to one another did they admit:that the wretched' Earl of Craigavon had, been lthe ; instrl mncntof his' own son's untimely death -and?when it afterwards slowly and secretly evobl-d.as such things will, it was through ii?o~i.ord of theirs, but through hints of 'wreckers; and men who served, but did not lov?; the miserable lord of the manor, ;And where was he, during the solemn, silent,' melancholy days that succeeded the event ? -He laid upon his bed, and neither 'spoke nor moved. Caradoe, who, by taci consent, attended him, was sure that he was conscious, but he noticed no one. They kept that flickering flame of life alight in him as best they could, but iby no agency of his. Whisperings passed around him concerning what was going on in the castle, if he understood, he made no sign. While his son lay in state in a state chamber, he lay in despair in his lonely tower... He no longer superintended the locking-up of doors, for all was open in the haste and awe of the moment. If there was the hash as of death in his tower, there was the movement of life where death real ly was, for as we said, the young lord lay in state. And this meant that his mortal remains were placed on a catafalque draped in a white satin, in the centre of a state. apartment, alsohung with white; that tapers burnt, and watchers watched,'day and night -while people from far and near passed and re-passed the white motionless form to'see what remained of him so lately 'endowed with the elasticity of youth and health. ')On the night preceding the funeral ('arad, sat with the.earl. Believing that his lord ship really slept,, he sent his valet to bed,w and remained alone with him;. Towards morning he grew restless, and, to Caranoc's great relief, began- to mutter; fthenusl wly opened his eyes. 'Ca'radod went to him. I...? will :rise, he said. Bring my clothes; .I shall attend the funeral I Caradoc wasscareful`to express neither surprise nor dissent, buit ,simply obeyed.; I he valet, ihearing voices; camne in ,from the next roorim, and theyihelped the earlto' leave his" bed, and:iidress.. Hie eemed ,quite ;himself-stern and munapproachable! as everk :,'. I et me kinow the ;hour, ,andno .n aleav me,'he said. And they did so." . He 'was ready :hen summoned, an'd followed his dea~d son, as chief; mourner,' alone,' for not oven did- Sir t eorge; Wal pole venture to approach him. Althlioglh no invitations; hadbeen 'seiit,- the. funeral procession reached from the castle. 'to the' parish :'church, and in the rear of the :white-plumed :hear.-e ',;-and' londely', father, were all the aristocracy of the'county'and: all' the tenantry, of' Craigavon. :'""Every one wag anxious;to express sympathy with .a bereaved parent under circumstances so supremely sad. The vault., in :the' chancel of the told church: had been opened to receive':the. :the:heir of Craigavoun.' 'The earl stood over it, rigidas a statue, stern asi:death. T Thh burial service had no 'meaning for.. him, and he heard without realising the hope-' ful' words, I am 'the resurrection, and the life ' Yet no one ,doubted. that he felt, while all: marvelled` at. his self-control: Many a sob echoed through Ithe sacred building frim '.the ,impressionable .people who were assembled to witness the last" rites, but neither. sob nor tear :moved 'the' breast or bedewed the eyes of .him who: had lost all that he held most dear, and he stood silently contemplatirig his coffin:. Brutus was not calmer or sterner when he condemned his sons to die.: 'But when all was over the earl did not: leave the tomb. The assembled multitude. dispersed by degrees, carriages droive. off,' the mounted tenantry rode. softly away, even the peasantry liitered to .a distance to discu s the death and pageant, the nod ding hearse vanished, and at last only one carriage remained near the church. .:lthis' was drawn by. four black horses capari soned with white plumes, and awaited the sonless lord. He stood almost alone in the chancel, under the painted :windoiv, gazing down into the vault.that now-held the mortal of his son.' Beneath mioulded' the dust .of. his' ancestors, -arouni their' emblazoned monuments,:but his' boy'! his beloved ! he. who should have represented the power, 'wealth, 'antiliity of his "race,. he was :hidden firom his sight' for ever ! Who, shall paint the agony of the last. ,cird of Craigavoni I : 'Mr Tudor. alone retained -his place in the chancel,-but even hie withdrew"'to a distance fr dr the stricken Iathet ~ir (eorge Walpole and Caradoc stood by the 'old carved screen, near tie, pulpit anid reading-desk;, which:- were draped in heavy black'. "'in iinteiise c mpaision filled their hearts, yet'they dared nor. approach him. After a long silent interval, however., Ca radoc':thought he saw him tbtter, a id went at once towards hirm. But for his' support the earl i?ould have falleii into tlhe vault r I et me entreat you ro come away. myve A heavy sob was the response ;.and they assisted k the desolate ' man "?ack-k to the mourmnig-coach; into which, u,unasked, yet. unirepulsed, ('aradoc Pennanti followed :inimi.. with !the whispered words;, Forgie me n my 'l.orid, but.you must not be balone a Re wvas.righE, for the earl relapsed 'into temporary uinconscioiusness, perhaps the happiest .state foi him,; and, :t iaradoc. ýdeemedit his duty to remain by him until heirecovered. .;:This his :lordship did be fore he reached the castle, and his step, was fir i when he':descnnded fiomithe car-i. riage. I ?'l'haink you ; 'I will summon you if I need'ybouagain?'.,he said to Caradoc, and. .passed,ilike a grim · ghost,. through his do mestics.' : OW They, clad in black, and really sorrow ing for the gay young. master they. had lost, watched him disappear into, his: pri vate tower, and; heard.limi turn the ac-. customed key after hini.? For some honiii they. crept to aind' fronbrhiis Nclosed'door, listening. It ; was a.relief to them all to .hear. groans and? footfalls . within, but: nog one ventured to knock. At'last-hlis 'bell. rang, .and Morris answered -it; for -every one else held back. He: was:pacing the room. Bring me the effects found in'-Lord Peni ruddock's pockets, he-said, his back to'the door he had unlocked Morris went to Mr Tudor, who, repre senting his brother as steward, had .taken .up his temporitry'dibode 'aii teir;ecaile What had been found on 'Lord-.Penrud doek had been carefully ,packed= up: and locked away. Mr Tudor took it himself to -Lord Craigavon. Can I be of service, my lord:? he asked, hesitating, as 'he placed thi parcel i the earls hands. No, thank you, was the stern-reply. : Before long the bell-raitigiagaiint: Send Dr. Pennant!. was thee- cmmand; 'given in a vroice strangely 'diffcreit from the earl's. He has returned home, my! lord, was the reply. ,.. Fetch him', said.the earl, closing thedoor. It was some .time before Caradoc could .be found;: but when the mressenger reached hirii he hastened to the castle. ,The earl admitted hini at once;- by an' imperative Come in ! His lordship was seated before a table on` which were' outspread a gold 1 watch 'alind chain, a diamond ring, a purse, a handkerchief, a few letters. and papers, and a book. -' Ihelatter was open beneath ;his face,-'which was covered.by bothl hands. .Caradoce' stood -a ý while,;: ini sympathetic; silence; opposite. At first he thought the earl's niitural avarice had returned; but but the purse was closed, and the valuables 'pushed aside. ''he book and papers wvere? the points bf interest: lie' soke at last inna voice so :husky that "the- woros were :scarcely audible, and Ciaradoe did hot un-i. derstand him Then he pointed with his' finger to the title-page of the book'i o which his eyes were fixed. V?Vho-wroe---that? lid'aske'dislowly, and with difficulty. : aradoe moved, :and glanced over his shouliiler He- saw; to his surprise, the 'words; I aisy Pennant, written in 'Daisy's; :cleal rounrd-li~ad above the' printed title; Holy Bible. ::: It.is my sister's writing, my. lord, he: replied his, voice slightly changing with' not 'uiiniatural emotion. :You?--mean-the foundling ? Yes, my lord: Bring aer-to ine. Now; ": At once;. She may not like 'to co'meir .?y ?oi said, -?(aradoe,;: hesitating.:; Sii, George Wrlpole:'asksito see you, an-I I will not see him. I cannot have hin: here. Tell the foundlingt 'Ivil hnot -harm' her. Bid her forget .-" 'i sob choked' the earl's voice, o;,ask her! he added, with' the tremulous' eagerness of an' ap peal. I will, :my ,lord. But may I'nht help you-stay with' you?,. returned' Caradoc,. touched by the piteous sob from' this stern immovable man. 'rhank you, no !I Stay-on-at --the' farm, at preserit I: mayg-need you. Calradoc withdrew, scarcely understand ing what was meant. It was Michaelmas `day; 'but Ithe ;dath and funeral. of. Lord Penrriddock had stayed the intended move from' Brynhafod-'"had. indeed'' paralysed 'the'neighbourliood. He sought Mr 'Tudor hand epeated the earl's words. ---Mr Tudor entreated: him' to advise his father not to leave the farm. Sir George Waloole was with the vicar, and Caradoc told him that the earl seemed to 'dread 'an. interview~with him.. 'Sir George immediatelr expressed. his ~esoiution to leave the castle, and asked Caradoe, abruptly,'if he thought.his father aind'mother would give him a lodging for a few days, while le 'settled his future plans.' . - ' I should wish to be near Lord Craiga von, he said, iri case of his needinig, me'; but 'I will' not remain here. I hear your house:is a refuge for the .destitute;,and as: Il havie ho settled home just, nowi:iimn 'of. that :class; I shall then peirhapssee ,youri friend 'Ap Adam, and I can give Lady. 'MIona news of her father. She writes to me in great distress at her brothei's'death. Caradoc said that Brynhafod was. in great confusion, owing to the contemplated move,- but that he was sure his mother would manage a bed for him. I have been accustomed 'to rough.it, and any, kind of shake-down will do, replied Sir George., 1, cannot leave an old friend in such a wretched plight; ?yet I know h:imxtoo"well to force myself upon-him. .. Sir'George iaccompanied 'Caradoc 'to Brynhafod, and:was received with: the ua affected liospitality for which' the Pennants were noted. They were' seated at their early ektning meal. The solemn tscenes of the pnis~t week had worked a change or thie better in I);avid Pennaht, whose mrhorse a!nger towards the earl. had mergedsinto a tender pity 'Hie had forgotten his'owO vwrongs,.and his continual cry. was, 'fo?nl; :I; could do. someftiing for his l6ladidslii'il andt: the nower to xreceive Sir'? R nw ,seemed to him that'something. W hen Caradoo, told him and the others "wiat the earl had said touchinig their con tinuing at the :farm for ;the present, tlih, hush of k deep th;aikfuillness. fell on all,; and when this intelligence was followed by his :-loiilship's,wisli ,to see :Daisyi-owing, apparently, to her Bible.aiid, ler name-~ theirisiurpriseand emotion were heightened. Aexpression ,of awe had been left on Daisy's face by the sight she had seen on the beach; and a terror of the earl had. sunk into' her heart ever'since their en -co'uhter on the cliff, increased, if possible, by-his' dread lantern. When she heard that he wished to see her, she turned pale, and-: trembled, and no one but Caradoc fully?inderstood why.. Thou art not' afraid; ny Eye of Day? said old Mr Pennant..' May-be thou and "thy Bible may comfort his lordship, as I pray;you may both have comforted his son for ithe Holy Word was his companion iihen he fell into deep waters. A'iand a holy peace was on his countea anceas he slept the.sleep of death I re ;marked Sir George, 'moving towards.lier, and standing at the back of her chair. I think I have seen him reading your Book more than once, though he closed and con: cealed it when I drew near;. ?4?'here were tears in Daisy's eyes as she rose and said, If you will be with me, Carad, I will go to his lbrdship, but I know not what.I shall say.. The Lord will give' thee` a m',outh. and wisdom, child, andimay- His grace be suiffi-: .cient:for thee! said old M.r Pennaut., ,So Daisy accompanied (t.aradob, throughe tie ve&ing; mists, back to the castle. - 