ADELAIDE CORPORATION. MEETING OF THE CITY COUNCIL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 7. Present—His Worship the Major and all the Councillors excepting Cr. Anderson, who apolo- <*> gised for his absence. During the first half-<*> hour Cr. Hagedorn presided. His Worship the Major being absent. TBE MCABTHTB DEMOXSTBATIOJf. Cr. Bafhakx. moved that the Gonncil at its rising adjourn till 3 o'clock on the next day in order that he might make a per sonal explanation. Tile Advertiser of that day contained a paragraph, staling that Or. Raphael was absent from tbe picnic given to Alderman McArthurfrom "tome unaccountable reason," and he had been annoyed by electors in Grey Ward wanting to know lie reason of bis absence, and he thought it was also due to the Council that it should know the reason which kept him away both from the picnic and the banquet in the evening. The Mayor, in reply to a question pat to him (Cr. Baptise)) an the previous day, as to where tfce funds were to come from for the drag and the banquet. Raid from the citizens' rates, and be (Cr. Raphael) immediately said that be would be bo party to an expenditure of that kind, and that be would have to be excused from attending. He hoped the Mayor would not be offended at bis absence, but he could not consistently attend a demonstration of that character when he knew chat it was provided at the citizens' expense. They had voted tbe Mayor a salary to cover hospitalities of this character, and if the amount was not sufficiently. large be was sure the Council would grant any vote required by His Worship to meet an excess. He considered that to pay for this demonstration out of tbe citizens' funds was a misappropriation of the citizens' fluids . Cr. Joxbs hardly thought that what Or. Raphael was now saying came undertheheadof apersonal explanation. Gr. Raphael was now making charges against other persons. Cr. Raphael said he was making no charge against other persons, and be was sur prised at Cr. Jones saying he bad. He desired that the public should know the reason of his | staying away. Cr. Jokes—That is all we want; confine yourself to that. Cr. Raphael—l am oot interfering with yon. If you are suffering I cannot help it. I believe that it is a wr< ng thing that the 'citizens' rates should go for guzzling . Cr. Bbooks — I rise to a print of order. Cr. Raphael — Wbat is your point of order ? The Ckatb sl&w; <Cr Hagedorn; — Order, Cr. Raphael. Cr. Baphakc.—l want to know what his point of order is. State it. Cr. Baooxs—l will. It is that we have no report from tbe Committee on tLe subject of ice banquet, and tbe matter is uot before us. Cr. Raphael— Is that a point of order ? i'he Chairmak said he understood Cr. Buph⪙ intended to make a personal explana tion, and be hoped be would confine himself to that. Cr. Jcwss—Cr. Raphael has accused the Councillors of going in for guzzling, and I ask you, Mr. Chairman, to ask him to retract that. mys*lf and others did not go in for guzzling— indeed I was very unwell. (Laughter.) Cr. Rickabdsox —Is he rising to a point of order ? Cr. Ravhael— I am addressing you, Mr. Gh&ir; iran. The Chaibmas—You "kid better with draw the charge of " guzzling." Cr. Baphael — I am uot charging those gentlemen with guzzling—("Yea, yes") — I merely said we should not appropriate the citizens1 rates ior guzzling. Tbat is not a charge. Cr. Brooks —I say we have nothing before us to show that theie has been any misappropriating of the funds. The Town Clkrk—Cr. Raphael's remarks are going beyond a personal explana tion. Tbe question before the Council is the motion for an adjournment. Cr. Eaphael said be bad a right to make an explanation. The Mayor told him that the banquet was to be a charge on the citizens on tbe revenue of the city, and that was his reason for keeping away from the whole affair on the previous day. Why should be not, when Cr. Madge came back from England, call for a banquet in bis honor, to be paid for out of the city funds, seeing that—— (Cr. Jones—This is very irrelevant, Mr. Chairman. The Town Clebk—Ct. Baphael cannot discuss Euch a matter under tbe present motion, Mr. Chairman. The Chairman— I think you have sufficiently explained the matter, Mr. Eaphael. Cr. Raphael—l feel satisfied, as I have done my utmost to see that tbe rights of my constituents have not been infringed. My constituents think tbat their money should not be expended . Cr. Bbooks—There is no question of money before us. Cr. Bafhabl— If I were to continually rise like Cr. Brooks for nothing at all, I should be out of order. He thinks to take the wind out of my sails. As long as the Frees do me justice to show that I was looking after tbe interests of my constituents I shall rest quiet, and any gentleman who assisted at the proceedings yesterday did it on his own book. Cr. Gilbebt seconded, and s&id; ail be bad to add to what Or. Raphael said was that they in general Council agreed to a certain coarse of action, and Ore. Baphael and Richardson agreed with them—(Or. Raphael: "Never, never) — He never disturbed Or. Baphael when "pwikingi sis! he hoped that gentleman would extend 4 similar courtesy to him. Crs. Raphael sad llicbardton agreed to place the matter of the reception Of Alderman McArtbur in the hands of the Chairman of Committees and the Mayor —{Cr. Raphael: " No")—aud baring done this it was very ungenerous for Cr. Eaphael to coma there that da; and endeavor to tioov the onus on the other Councillor!. He was trying to put them in a false pcwitioD.and . Tit a Towtr CtE?K—This is ont of order. The motion is one for an adjournment and has nothing to do with the action of Crar. Raphael and Richard son yesterday. Cr. Gilbebt appealed to tho Chairman on the ground of common right. Having allowed one Councillor to deal with, this matter he should allow another Councillor to deal with it. Cr. Raphael—Mr. Chairman, yon should use your own discretion. The CB&miiAX;— I think . Cr. Gilbebt—Til eit down if Tm sot allowed to speak. Cr. JtiCHAEDsoK—I would like . Cr. Jokes— He i« ont of order, Mr. Chairman. Or. Riohahbeon—l am personally concerned in this matter. Cr. Jokes—He is ont of order. Or. Richabbsok—l rise on a question of personal explanation. (Order.) The Obazrkas —X cannot have any farther discussion on the motion, which is simply one for adjournment. Cr. Bichaedson—You are treating me na faixly. The Chaxemait—No, lam not. Th? motion was then put and lost. QUESTIONS. The Chatbmah, in answer toCr. Bgoom,«aMr fourteen reports only trace received in the Cor poration office with reference to unregisterod> dogs up to January 4. Eleven ef these wet* laid on the 24th Becember, but conld notbo heard till January 7. Three others were laid en January 2, to be heard an file Oth. On. January 6 Mr. Dnriea banded in twenty-ono more. In reply to Cr. Jokbs, the Cbaibiux said the Tramway Company paid for watering, that part of the street in which tramway lines were situated. Cr. Jones—At die present zato of progress, what time after the year 1900 will the survey of tie city be finished? The Chair man—That is a question which cannot be answered without notice. (laughter.) Or. Raphael—Can any citizen name a street as he likes?—because there axe at present aixGeotge atieet?. The Cwmbwaw—Ho. HEALTH OF THE emu The following letter was read from Dr. Way, Officer of Health.—"The approach of tie hot weather forces upon our notice the present unsatisfactory condition of our wetertsMes. Borne time ago I suggested tibat a trial shoals' be made with certain deodorising agents for tha purpose of preventing the disagreeable and unhealthy smells that arise from them. Sons delay occurred in carrying out these experi ments, chiefly from the unsettled state of tha weather at the tame, but for some weeks pact several offensiv? watertables hare been treated by the application of powdered quicklime to their surface after being scavenged, and tits result has been highly satisfactory. The poe sent condition of many of our street gutters may be attributed to these principal oset: — First, to impure matter being allowed to flow into them from the back yards «E -houses j second, to their imperfect *w "fMrMnliflii ? and thirdj to ingiiffinjfnt scavenging. Tha* col verts may very properly be condemned a* an additional cause, for they retain much foal matter and their surface can never be properly cleansed. Greater care and more dose in spection may postibly prevent much of the evil arising from the first came, although it is diflScnlt te explain how our household waste water with our present want of drainage is otherwise to be disposed of. With respect to the second cause, a great improvement is now observed in the construction of new water tabling. It is made watertight and impervious, thus preventing eoakage into the soil beneath, and the rurface being smooch less resistance is offered to the flow of the contents. In the old-and faulty ones the drains thorn selves and the subjacent soil areso charged with putrid matter that no amount of sweeping will render them free from smell; in fact, tiie very use of the broom seems to intensify the stink ug odours arising from them. It is in these that the quicklime is so useful and efficacious n cleansing and sweetening the drains and in preventing the smell, and in all such I strongly recemi&ecd; that its use be adopted. With respect to the third cause, it is only too mani fest that the scavenging as at present carried out is altogether inadequate to the wants of the city. Household refuse should be collected and removed every day instead <£ being stored up for the weekly visit of tba scavenger, and the watertables should b? cleansed, as suggested by your Worship, not less often than three times in a week. Many receive attention only once, and where .the streets are very level the fluid matter flows so slowly or stagnates altogether that the gattscs i quickly become green and stinking, offensive to I both senses alike and not less xiangetoas to health. It is to be hoped that the Council will sanction the additional expenditure required to cany out these suggested improvements. If tits experiment be made during the summer months only, when the need v the greatest, tits ezpen?? will be comparatively little, but the .comfort and benefit to the public great; and if no im provement is then manifest it wfU not bo difficult to fall back upon our pwnt unsatis factory arrangements.' 1 Cr. Hike disagreed with the use of quicklime* and also said many of the inverts were a graater nuUance than the culverts. Or. Claxtos ob served that he had such a taste of the smells of King William- street on the prerioos evening *? he never wished repeated. The stinks o£ Cologne were nothing to it, and he hoped the matter would be attended to by the Sanitary Inspectors. Cr. Holland thought something else could be substituted forquicklime.and that the Health Inspectors should not be confined in their duties to the daytime, as a good deal more might be discovered in the night than in tha day. Some discretion should be given the In spectors, so that they conld go about at night as well as in the daytime. Cr. Bboocs gave the- Health Committee an invitation to his place on. East Terrace at half-past 7 o'clock on Saturday morning. (Cr. Jones —"Champagne.") He. didnt care what they had—coffee royal, if they liked it. (Laughter.) The stench which cam*, from the drains when being cleaned out was fearful. Cr. lUphaw said they did not require to go to the Stag Inn to find out the bad odors. The Health Officers were doing their duty. The city had gone on for forty-two years withont serious epidemic, and they conld go on till the Government came to their rescue. They could not do better than send this matter to the Health Cemmittee, " hoping.they would deal that amount of justice to the case which its urgency demanded." His Worship, who had just entered the Council, apologised for bis absence, due to bis having forgotten file hoar of meeting, and then said the Council in their journey to the West-terrace nuisance, men* tioncd the other day, found it quite as bad as re presetted. It was a crying nuisance, bat ona that the City Surveyor had before their jonrnsy taken steps to deal with. He would ask the Health Committee to get all the watertables Ewept twice a week. It was impossible to keep the city in good health unless that were dona, and if more labor were requited the money would be well expended. As to a Night Inspector, one might be appointed, but that ana a matter for the Council. The report was referred to the Health Cemmittee. CORBESPOJTDENCE. From the Commissioner of Crown lands, for warding the reply of the Earl of Beacoiufield to the address of congratulation sent to him. From the Prefect of the Seine, Paris, thank ing the Council for forwarding a copy of Mr. Worsnop's " History of Adelaide," and gfa?*???g that a number of the Municipal pnblicatiaasot Paris been forwarded to this Council. To be acknowledged with thanks. SUSPENSION OF STAXBDvG OBDEBS. Cr. Jokes moved for a suspension of the Standing Orders to allow the Oanunittees' re ports to be take a. This was agreed to. unahce committee's ekpoht. Receipts, £W 185.5 d.; payments.£l,929 9s. Balance due Bank, £7,976 ss. lid. Street-Watering Bates.—Hindley-sfcreet—Be tween Morphett-street and King William-street* at rate of lOd. per lineal foot frontage. JEtondte street—Between East-terrace and King Wil liam-street, lOd. North-terrace—From Polte- Bey-street to King William-street, lOd. Gren fell-street—From Gawler-place and Freeman street to King William-street, ls.2d. Gawler place and Freeman-street—From Bundle-street to Fine-street, Sd. King William-street—From North-terrace to Victoria-square, Is. 84. Way mouth-street—From 200 feet west of King William-street to King William-street, lOd. Currie-street — From Eosina-street to King: William- street, Is. 2d. O'Conneil-street—From Brougham-place to and inclusive of the eastern, frontages of Acres 944 and 945, Barton-terrace, Is. 3d. Icigb- steeet—From Hindley-street to Currie-street, Bd. Adopted. health comcrars?'s hotobt. Cohen's Premises, King William and Hind ley streets.—Health Officer to notify owner and occupiers of these premises to provide addi tional closet accommodation. Notices to Abate Nuisances.—Health Officer to issue final notice upon Mr. E. fiaphael to abate nuisance off Barton-terrace. York- bine,Eomabrook's Premises—Pennb non granted to Mr. Homahrook to connect pipe- drain for dear water only from iv* premises in York-lace with sewer in Bulteaev street. Stains, West Bark Lands.—Work done by Hurve>or to remedy the nuisance complained of trill effectually serve this purpose when completed. Adopted. PBMBC WORKS COIOmTHB's BRPORT. Scavenging Hindmargh Ward.—Sarveyor to «sntinue arrangements for scavenging for one Month longer. Hurtie-eqnare.—Rectification of fence of this square remitted to Oormcillars for Ward. Railway Accommodation Bridge, North tcmoe.—Town Clerk to request Government %o have repairs seeded at this bridge completed «t«nce. River Torren?.—Park Lands Banger to close toads giving access to river from Frome Bridge to City Slaughterhouse. Biver Torrens, Town Clerk's Report.—Com anittee recommended suggestions contained in this report be adopted aad acted upon as soon «s necessary arrangements can be completed. Cricket Clubs.—Permission granted to fol lowing Clubs to play on Park Lands on usual terms.—West Torrens. West Park Lands; Sssex, South do.; United Stars, East do.; Central, South da; Star of Hope, North do.; Bt Paul's, South do. Street-sweepings. -Surveyor to deposit street* ■weepings on Park Lands; Park Lands Gar dener to see that they are at once spread out. Stone for Kerhing.—Surnejur to instructed to visit several localities within reasonable dis tance of town in order to ■?«■*?*"' whether a ketterelaas of stone suitable for this kind of work cannot be obtained at a price within means of Osrporation. XSndmanh-srraare Tramway Curve.—Ade laide and Suburban Tramway Company allo wed persuasion to improve very awkward and dan gerous carve at north-western comer of this square. Adopted. SmCSAI. OOMMTTTKE VESTING RETORT. Present—The B.W. the Mayor (presiding). Cm. Sing, Holland, aad Hagedom. and the Town Clerk, Alderman MeArthur.—Your Committee de cided to erttertain this gentleman at an official banquet, to which the Judges of the Supreme Court, the Ministry, the members for the City, vast Mayors, and Heads of Departments should be invited. Also, in the earlier part of the day, in eoapany with the Major and Council, to proceed in suitable vehicles to Mount Lofty, in order to five Mr. MeArthur as idea of the beauty of the city and its surroundings. It was explained that this report was pre sented to the Council for reception not adoption that day. Cr. Raphael asked why the citizens' moneynad been appropriated to fete Alderman McArtaur? His Worship said the motion for the appointment of the Committee was carried by tae Council without a dissentient voice, and toe report of Hie Committee was now before them. Cr.HaJPHABL—I dissented from it His Wokshxf—-The report was carried without a dissentient. Tour band was not held up agaimstit. Or. Ratttawt,—l say it was, go wag Cr.Bicbardaoa'ta. His Worship—-Order. COHnfCOXOK KAPHAKt. Cr.CuxfQHnse to propose a motion. (Cr. Biphart-What is it?) ate bad been disgusted and annoyed -extremely with a man who bad been «ent into that Council, and who bad behaved in a manner which would disgust Cr. -RawrtmT,—ls tins proper language? is it courteous? Cr. Gunner—Courteous. (Laughter.) SBa Wobshif—l was about to «ay tint it was out of order. Cr. Baphabd—3a Cr. Clazton proposing a motion? His Wosssnv-Tes; amotunmoved1 .by Cr.Claxtan, and seconded by Or. Jones, has fceen sanded to me, aad it is—" That this meet ing do now ad joum, and that all further busi ness «C £be Council be delegated to a Com mittee, auch Committee to meet in a quarter of an nourhenee,and to consist of Crs.Hagedorn, Gilbert, rlammond, Jones, Brooks, Hyne, King JBiehardaan, Andenon, daxton, and Holland " Or. BtcEumsov—That is a mast inviduxu , notion. Or.CusxoH—l dont want to create aay further disturbance. I bare heard of this matter not inane place, but in twenty; and I lave also beard Or. Jams—l would caQ i Zs&yrvsaefs; ?**?«« *? tf? feet th«tcr. i Oaxfan h quite out of order. Let him hear | what Bus others have to say, and then he will ; fcave the right of reply. This course was agreed i to. Or. Richabbsoh—l will moveasan amend- | sent—"That all the Counrillon be a Com- ' Ktitteetocarryonthe business." I don't want j to see any part of the city disfranchised. There i are fairer queans of bringing any CouneiUarto I Idsaensesthan Una. (OcClaxto?—-Ho." Cr. Bapbael—"Yes.-HJs Worship—"Order") It is aa easy nuttertaappeal to the Standing Ot decs, aad cany them oat as printed. There is, we know, tbepower of fining—(oh ! and laughter)— aad although if the fine were inflicted it would aot probably-be paid, it would make the j t^tmmntUw *?*muA hwi wmiiiwy J^tfi **? all ' effort of this land to any- one, two, or three CoonaHoni specially is wrong. If two or three BcsaUfcendertbeyt&eaHbepraeeadedagainst; in the proper manner under tbe Standing Orders, but to dint oat one or two or three member* from th« deliberations of the Council isan insult to tbeeanstxtaenciea they represent. (Cr. Gtaxten—«We cannot help that*) Or. Saxkobb—X aeeond toe amendment. The first feature the nut ion presents to ma is that it is a cowardly action. However bumble we as Couneaktra may be, bowevar low oar order of jnteDfA Z look anon every man as being ■c tuatwl by aa honesty of purpose; I look ' upon every one as an honorable man —(oh, and langhterf-tfl I find him uUmwise. X look upon Cr. Raphael as an JHiwbfeHMn, aadahaU believe Mm to"be such tai X km* hwiiwUhiw to tbe contrary. We afaouM bear and forbeac X admit, however, tbat if se wishes to be of use to ins ward and ■to &c; city ba abooid restrain his impetuosity. Cte. Oiaaaav-X support the motion, and I do it paUidy. What I do X do openly and before jaa/a bees, and X aaj there is nothing ahrrffliDg in tbis. (Hear, near.) Xf Cr. Haannond bad hadUte ezpeo??eeOtai I have had during a? past twelve months be would not take two ararmtns to aonaMer bar action to- day. Our iii'iiif" of a^Saai Das been ountinnally obstructed during *be past twelve months by Or. Raphael. We may diCEer as to the right coarse of action. <Cr. Raphael faere internnted, and was called to order.) X have bo personal feeling towards Cr. Raphael—(Cr. Bapbael—" Oh; oh")—but I save a public feeling againsthim. {Cr.Banhael —!« Oh, dxf His Woainp—"Order.*) Has be xot continually obstmeted as and wasted our time? (Or. Raphael —" Hear, hear.") Not on public subjects, bat on personalities. (Or. Bapbael—"<Wb,oh.") Anyone who has been sere wffl corroborate my statement. (Hear, sear.) There ,is nothing behindhand in ttds matter. I would be toe last to disfrancmseany ward.and would aoanatobeaConncillor if I did not consider one ward as much as another. (Cr. Baobsel—"Oh, oh.") Idefy Mr. Bapbael to say tbe ouotEary. X nave done nothing to roposethekrtereaitoof ths city at large. (Cr. &dwel;^ lOh. n) I have taken a public coarse. (Or. Raphael—* Oh.") As to what Cr. Raphari bas said about spesdtng numey he ■bouldAll(nr«tiiers to take another platform— CCc. Bapbael— <-Ko")-aad we have a right to be credited irift as much pdblie- spiritedaess as lie has. (Or. Raphael—"Ne") I wish it io be known that Or. Basbael's action has not bean for the -interest of the city, but for bis own personal interest. (Heir, hear.) Cr.Baehaei<—Now then,l have aright. His Woaafjs —Or. Bapbart Cr. Rafhajh^-I •ball aek&at; those wards be taken down. Hie Wobehif—X was en tibe point of saying that I jnastackOr.Gmied: io withdraw those words. Or. Gosskt—X withdraw the words if they are «ot of oeder. Or. EAiBABL-^f I I will nave Boegniypcsiaon in H\w matfar. HiB Worship— «f<ipi words are withdrawn. Cr. Gtuoaa —l wish Or. Bapbael would grant to others what be wants himself; if bfwould not, deal in per sonalities I would noC In supporting the pre sent motion my object is to put things on a proper basis, I do not widi to aay anything ftbatisaot in aconrdance witibi the rales of the Cannes. My case is &•£ Cf . Baphael's course of actio? in the past is quite sufficient to ' -warrant us in the present motion. (Hear, bear.) It bas been so obstructive that we have no alternative but to cany out the motion fcefore U?. (Hear, bear.) I wish in the future te do business without tibat bad feeling that has , lea exhibited in the put. It was aU very veil for <fvwiw*s>l™' Hammond to say that we aaookl bear and forbear, but we hare triad it and have found that it won't work, and the «jly *>""£ is to f*?l"4* Or. .Raphael as far aa we en. (Or. Bapbael— uOh! oh! oh!") I \- can lay before Hie Ctouncil specific cases where ' : Or. SanbaeTs iM't^^f bas been deizimental to tiie *H§ at large; and in dealing with him Ido not wish to injure Grey Ward, but if that Or. Rasbabi/—"ls tint in order?" (The Chmncillor began to lannph out into a furious speech.) His Woeship—l will ask you to take yoarseat. Cr.BASBAEi.stBI continuing to talk —His Worship—lf you will not take your seat X must call upon the Council to support ■ma. Or. Raphael—l was in my seat Isngago. Cr. Richabuson called attention to tte Standing Orders, and said it was highly disorderly to make personal rnflrations on a Cbunefllor. His Woasmp—l don't consider Oat Gr. Gilbert bas made any reflection. Cr. Baphabl—"lf Grey Ward will persist in sendioginsuch a OouncOlorF' His Wobseh> I ——lf you dispute my ruling I will put it to the OonacO. As far as I have heard there has been jaonnnntotian of motive to Cr. Baoha^l, Cr, Gilbert is perfectly in order. Cr. Gilbert—l have no feeling against Grey Ward. If the Coun cillors felt that I was so obstructive that it would be to their interest to deal with me in this way by keeping me out of the business,! could not complain (Cr. Raphael—" Oh.") That is the position I take. Or. Rafhabl— " Ok." His WossaiP called Or. Raphael to order. Or. Raphael —I can say "Oh" and ** No." His Worship—l must not have these continual interjections. Gr. Gilbbrt— I would not say anything to obstruct Councillor Raphael more than aay other Councillor, but. I would ask if a Councillor continually obstructs our business have we no power to deal with him? (Or. Raphael—HNo>) His Worship— I must ask you, Cr. Bapbael, to keep order. Cr. Rafhabl—Ton are doing me an injustice. Others are interrupting as well as I am. His Wobshtp—l must call upon the Council to sap port me. (Hear, hear, and cries of " Order.") Cr. Raphael—Put it all on me; never notice any one else. Cr. Gilbbbt—However Coun cillors act in this matter I shall think no worse of them. If Or. Bapbael would only abide by the Standing Ordors I would bold up both hands to retain him, but we have tried that before and it has been useless. Our time has been wasted, the business has been obstructed, and ill- feeling has been crested when we might have done the work, been good friends, aud acted for the best interests of the city. If Cr. Hammond bad suggested any other course Han this what he called hole and-comer . Cr. Hajtmokd—l never said that. Or. Glaxton —Cowardly. Cr. Hamkokd—l said it was cowardly because I did not understand it. Or. Gujsebt—lf he had suggested any other course which would have brought Or. Raphael to a proper state of mind, I would have supported it. Cr. Richabdsox —Standing Orders 33 aud 33 provide a way of dealing withsuoh a matter. His Woeship—l don't see that these deal with the matter. Cr. Hynb — I support the amendment. I consider that one of the Councillors has been made the butt of the whole Council. Others may say "No" and "yes," but as soon as Or. Raphael gets up His Worship—Ton are out of order. Cr. Hvke—lf I am, we all are. His Worship—Thoquestion is not Cr. Raphael's conduct, but whether the Committee should consist of the membsrs mentioned or the whole Council. Cr. B.TXS —I don't see how we can speak without referring to one of the Council lors. Cr. Gilbert for the last quarter of lan hour has been referring to that ' Councillor, and why should not I ? As long as I have been in the Council I have not seen that Cr. Raphael bas been in any way obstructive. He may disagree with other Councillors, but it is the newspapers that have charged him with being obstructive. (Laughter.) There has been nothing obstructive in his action. (Cr. Joues—"Thatalldepends upon the wayin which you have been brought up"—laughter.) This all arises from what took place outside. (Cr. Claxton—"No.") Thenyoubelieyourselves. Cr. Clajetos—That expression should be with drawn. His Wo?smp—Tea. Cr. Hyjte—l withdraw it. This all comes out of what oc curred outside of tile Council, and not inside. It is just a bit of disagreement which has turned up between Grs. King, Gilbert, and Raphael, and on these grounds you have no right to ex clude a Councillor from this Chamber. Or. Kino —X should not have risen but for what the Ust Councillor aud. He aays by inference that I have something to do with this. (Cr. Hyne— "No 2 did not." Cr. Baphael—"Hear, bear.") I hope I shall not be interrupted. (Cr. Bapbael—Ton interrupted others.") I have said nothing more than " Hear, hear" during the whole debate. I was not aware of this matter coming forward to-day. (Or. Raphael— "Oh, oh.") His Worship—l insist on these interjections being stopped. It is of no use Or. Raphael pointing to others. If you look at the 49th ynie you will find tbat no member has a right to hold discourse or interrupt a Councillor wbile speakisg. Tour interjectioas ar« inter rnptj^ns, and are intended to disconcert the Councillor, I dont wish to single oat any Councillor ann?" I can help it, but I must insist on these int&JTJp;'wns being discontinued. Or. KlKG—Ttese interrup«C!? •«? nothing new. (Or. Raphael—*' You «c always lnfcerrnptiu a \") lam not, and I defy toe CoonciUar ti prove it. I will stake any cum of money on it. I have not once been oat of order, and I have not once beeueaUed to order by eithertbelate Jiayor orHisWorship.Hr.Buik. (Hear.iiear.) Ic*nn«t be charged with the accusation which by inueado Cr. Hyne has brought forward. I knew nothing of this motion, and have not influenced it one way or the other. I also take exception to Or. Richardson's imirmstian that 1 with Or. P*pt?p?l mm to blame for this, aud I am sur prised at his audacity *n niairing toe charge. (Cr. Raphael—"An, is that in order?— Andacityf) Tee, it is perfectly in order. (Hear, bear.) It is a most ongentlemanly—l will not use tbat expression, as it would not be in order—(Cr. Raphael—" Hear, hear.")—but I will aay that it is a mast ungracious ™s*rg to charge me with. If Cr. Richardson can charge me with being ttw cause of any difference* I am prepared to meet it. Let him name the oay on which it occurred and I will be prepared to meet it. I did manage to bear and forbear with Cr. Baphaol last year, and I started this year with the same idea, but it is well known with what result. I bare never spoken one word that could pain him, and I bare spoken aad voted intheinte reste of the city alone. A reference to the minute-book will chow tbat Grey Ward bas bad its full share of the expenditure, and I cbal lenge Or. Rsphnri or Cr..Richardson topnttfaeir finger on any act of mine detrimental to their ward. (Hear, bear.) Or. Hike—l rise to explain t^l** I did not int^n^ to imply tbat Or. King had anything to do with tile present mo tion, and tbat it arose from something which occurred outside the Council. Cr. Joints—lt has been stated that this motion bad its origin in something which occurred yesterday. I was not there, but I believe that it arose from what I said in our own Council-zoom last night. I asked then if the Councillors present would sup port finch a motion as this, and I asked an ex- Mayor who was present if it was legal and could be carried. He said yes, so that I ought and will take all the blame on myself for the wmiwip Or. BaPH&Bii; —Before the motion is put I would like to say a. few words. In the first place, Cr. Jones said be bad instigated this motion because he and a few other Councillors could not see eye to eye with a Councillor who bad stood out for the rights of the people. Testecday, when the drag question was on, a boisterous affair occurred iv the Councillor*' room, but I have yet to leant that any action outside the Council Chamber renders me amenable to this Council. The ; Councillors seem to believe that I am one too many for them. I have the interests of the city at heart as well as those of Grey Ward, and it is not for one or two Councillors to oust me from a position in which I was placed by the votes of the citizens. I bave served the Council for nine years; and what Cr. Olaiton, who iras only returned in December last. ?u<i never served the citizens before, bas against me ; I don't know; but I have a duty to perform, | and I shall fearlessly perform it. I should be sorry to say one harsh word against the Mayor, but I think the public h?re to-day will think that your Worship has been rather strong on me. Some of the Councillors want to disfranchise Grey Ward, and I hope my ward will take it up and show them that they bave no right to do this. Why should I allow myself to be abused and threatened, to be struck down, and this motion only arises from some thing of this sort which occured in another place. I hope your Worship will bear out my statement that I have endeavored to do my duty without disrespect or insult to yoor Wor ship, and I defy any Councillor to amove me. I was returned by a large number of citizens, and the law will not allow their decision to be set aside. I have yet to learn that having served the citizens for 30 years I am to be set aside at the instance of two or three Councillors, and I am ready to meet them on any public platform onthequestion. I can promise them my lan guage will not be as refined as it is now. (Hear, bear, and laughter.) I defy them to remove me. Let them carry it to another tribunal aad then see where they would be. (Hear, bear.) I bare s right to my own mind aad judgment, &nd; if I cannot be convinced as to the right of a thing I will not agree with it. The public salt me here like a ferret among a lot of rats, and if there is anything to ferret oat I will find it. Cr. King and I look at one another like a couple of rate, or rather like a ferret and a rat. He never says he will punch my head or call me a dirty little man; oh no. I am not permitted to ssy what occurred out side the Council, but I will yet show them up oufcide. Cr. Claxxos rose fca order. Or. Raphael was threatening the Mayor and Coun cil. His Woeship—l certainly ttiufc there is much deviation from the subject. Gr. Raphael -1 am perfectly willing to leave this matter in the hands of the Council, as I know they have not the ghost of a power to deal with it. Cr. Hoixaud—l think this matter has arrived at a stage when the motion and amendment may . very well be withdrawn. (Or. Claxtcu— "No.") I hope anyhow that Cr. Bichard* son will withdraw tfee amendment, as otherwise our discussions will be intermin able. I dont think, however, thai the motion should be carried by this Council, as every pro vision is made to meet difficulties by the Standing Orders. (No.) I admit tbat Coun cillor Bapbael exceeds himself sometimes, but if kept in bounds there would be nothing to blamehim for. Give him rope enough—(" And be will bang himself" Laughter)—No, bathe will exhaust himself. I think our paint will be Brined now, and that Or. Baphael will see that he has exceeded bounds. I certainly think bis language to your Worship was not such as he should uae. Or. Raphael asked if be had used any language which His Worship considered insulting. His Worship—lt is not bo muoh the nature of your remarks aa the londness of your tone and the force and constancy of your ejaculations that are annoying. Or. Raphael —Have I done anything wrong? His Worship \- Ton have aot attended to my ruling as quickly as you should. Or. Kichaudson withdrew his amendment. Or. Gilbert 1— Something has been said about what has taken place in another place. It is only right that if one side is stated the other should be also, and I should like to explain simply my conduct. His Worship—Nothing can be spoken of in this Council Chamber with reference to another place. Or. Bbooks said he came there to attend to the interests of his constituents and the city generally, and objected to wasting time. Or. Baphael was constantly in the habit oE speaking against time, and if this motion were carried it would be a warning to Or. Bapbael. Cr. Oijocton, in replying, said the blatant oratory they had bad that day, and the ear-splitting voice which had frequently given hint s. headache, was a proof of what Coun cillors bad to put up with; but although be had nothing to say against Mr. Raphael's voice he did complain of big frequent inter ruptions, and believed this motion was Ibe only way to quiet him. The motion was then put, and the voting was as follows: — ' For—Ors. Jones, Brooks, Gilbert, King, aud Cluton; against—Ors. Hammond, Holland, Hvne, Kicbairdson, and Raphael. His Worship cave bis casting vote against the motion. All the Councillors who bad voted for the motion, except Cr. King, left the Council Chamber for the rest of the afternoon. coitEESi-ONDENcK (Continued). From the Town Clerk of Richmond, Victoria, thanking the City Council of Adelaide fur the assistance rendered to Cr. Priestly, with lefe rence to the mode of watering the streets. From the City Surveyor, stating that the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company had been laying check-rails round all the curves on tbiirline. A Larsen's patent rail, which was used by the Company, combined the check and edge-nil in one; an additional check-rail was unnecessary if the line were properly laid and the tramcars were not worked at toohigb a speed. The addition of the cheek-rail also increased the inconvenience to the ordinary vehicle traffic of the streets by rendering it more difficult for carriage wheels to get out of the groove of the rails, and often severely wrenched the tires aud axles. Referred to the Public Works Com mittee. From J. Curnow, calling attention to th t state of the cuiiert at the corner of Hutt and Halifax streets. Referred to the Health Committee. MKMORIAJ.S. From ratepayers in Lombard-street, praying for a lamp at the corner of Lombard and Fen cburcb-*trect*. Referred to the Councillor* for the Ward. From owner* of land in Vincent-place, praying that the street might be made. Conditional tender* to be invited. From residents in Corrio street, praying that the street-watering rate in Cume-street might be lowered. To be informed that the resolution fixing the rate bad been passed, and could not be altered. TKXDKBS. Flagging for the Year—Two tenders were received, which were directed to be forwarded to the Public Works Committee, the prices to be scheduled by the City Surveyor. Tile same course wag followed with reference to tenders fur building-stone. The Adelaide Lime Com penj's tender for lime, at Is. per bushel, was accepted. A trailer for earthenware piping was referred to the Public Works Committee Tae tender of R. Deacon for supplying liors >s for rolliDg during the year, at £1 9a. per day, aad ISs. per hall-Jay, was accepted. The tenders for emptj ing and cleansing the drainage tinks vtie referred to the Public Works Committee Fcr forming nnd making right-of-way on Acre Sco 2i™on Yoanf'? *«nder, ?t £38, was ac cepted. iiTV SgOABE <.ARDENErt. Cr. Htsk mored an.l Cr. JJioiAnn^OS seconded—- That the office of GsrJeaer of the City Squares be declared vacant and the Park Lands Gardener be reinstated as City Gardener."" An amendment was moved for the adjournment of the debate, and this was agreed lo uu the casting vote of the Mayor HEALTH NOTICr. On the motion of Cr. Holiant) an order was made calling upon Mrs. Grace Pan!!, of Chan cery-lane, to cleanse and purify her premises under the Health Act. The Council adjourned at ten minutes to six o'clock till Monday, January 30. 