DONNA QUIXOTE. BY JUSTIN MCCARTHY. Author of "Dear Lady Disdain," "Miss Misanthrope," kc. CHAPTER VIL GABMHtl-E'S GUESTS. A benevolent person once—so the story goes— invited a beggar from the streets to share a meal with him. He gave the beggar rich meats, and dry wines, dessert of rarest fruits, cigars and coffee that might have satisfied any frequenter of the Cafe Anglais. A week after the beggar met him and put in a plea for a similar banquet. Being denied he denounced his former entertainer as one who had only given him a tantalizing taste for good things, which was never more to be gratified in this life. "Was I not happy," the aggrieved mendicant exclaimed, " before I ever knew that there were things so delightful to be had as turtle soup and dry champagne ?" . It is much to be feared that Gabrielle Vanthorpe with the best of motives was entertaining Robert Charlton with turtle and champagne. Not that these delicacies really were produced this evening when he and his wife took tea in the old-fashioned way with Mrs. Vanthorpe. Gabrielle modelled the little entertainment as much as possible after the fashion to which she knew they were accustomed, lest they, or he at least, might fancy that she was treating them like a patroness. But she was unconsciously feeding poor Robert on a fare to which he was wholly unaccustomed, and which he was not likely to have set before him very often. She talked to him with sach friendly, kindly ease; she drew him oat so delicately on the subjects he best understood; she deferred with such an appearance of sincerity—indeed it was sincerity and not appearance—to his opinion on many things; she entered with such intelligence into all the political and other questions of general interest he touched upon; that Charlton felt as if he were taken by some magic out of his own hard narrow world with its petty amusements and its broken glimpses at knowledge into some delightful sphere where beautiful women enhanced the charm of their beauty by talking like rational men. Mrs. Vanthorpe had a great many books and engravings to show him, and he talked with much intelligence about them and could tell her many things she-did not know and was glad to learn. She took a genuine pleasure in talking to him, and most of the evening passed agreeably for her. She had her heart set all the time on winning his confidence so thoroughly that he would be at last found willing to take her advice, and then she would talk to Mm about Janet and make him ashamed of his nonsense, and teach him a true appreciation of his wife and of woman in general, and so make happy for ever the life of the poor fair one with locks of gold. Janet enjoyed the evening to the full as much as her husband did, although in a different way. She had ever since their marriage been accustomed tosinkheraelf so entirely in him that in order to enjoy anything it was only necessary for her to know that he was enjoying it. They had had no children, and as often happens with a young pair in such case, the protesting maternal sentiment closes around the husband and makes him its object. Janet was proud to see Robert able to talk to a lady of education like Mrs. "Vanthorpe, and she anticipated nothing bat good from the intervention of one so kind and clever and generous. The one of the little company who leas t enjoyed the evening, or rather indeed who did not enjoy it at all, was Miss Elvin. That young lady very quickly found out the social position of Mr. and Mrs. Charlton, and was exceedingly wroth at the idea of being set down to pass an evening with them. She would have liked Mr. Taxal, or some one of that class, but she bitterly resented in her mind the thought of being called upon to amuse people like the Charltons. Gabrielle of course asked her to sing, assuming thatshe would like to be asked, and afraid that the girl would think her gifts slighted if she were not called upon to display them. Most assuredly if Miss Elvin had not been asked to sing she would have nourished in her mind a very grievous sense of wrong. - Bat now that she was asked she considered it a great piece of impertinence on the part of Mrs. Vanthorpe to invite her to sing for sach people as the Charltons. She received Janet's raptures and Robert's somewhat slow and pedantic dissertations of praise with an air of indifference which he must have observed if he were not thinking so much of himself, and which Janet would probably have noticed only that she hardly ever thought of herself. Gabrielle, whose habit was to interpret everything to everybody's advantage, ascribed the girl's manner to shyness or the sensitiveness of genius, or some such cause not easily to be understood by common people. In truth, the young aspirant's bosom was already swelling with anger against her unconscious hostess, who was only thinking how she could best help her and please her. Miss Elvin set down Gabrielle as a self-conceited purse-proud spoilt favourite of fortune, who despised Gertrude Elvin because she was only a struggling artist, and deliberately sought to convey to her the conviction that she was only good enough to sit down with Charltons and people of that sort. Were it not for the valuable aid she expected to derive from Gabrielle's patronage, the girl would have indulged in some sort of open ill-humour. But she thought, amid whatever sense of injury, that it would be very convenient to be occssionally. asked to stay at Gabrielle's house. She and her brother lived out Camberwell way, and she saw herself in her mind's eye writing letters bearing date from Mrs. Vanthorpe's - more -fashionable quarter. Nor did she forget Lady Honeybell, and the thought of how very agreeable it would be to be conveyed to Lady Honeybell's in Mrs. Vanthorpe's carriage. Still more perhaps did her thoughts dwell on Walter Taxal, whom she knew to be the son of a lord, and on whom it was not absolutely impossible that the attractions of a gifted artist who believed herself far from unlovely might work some little impression. Already she was longing for the next day which was to bring the promised visit of Mr. Taxal, and perhaps some good news from Lady Honeybell. All these considerations induced Miss Elvin to " put up," as she would herself have expressed it, with a good deal of what she would have called the " airs" of her hostess ; although ehe could net humwi those airs to the extent of manifesting the Slightest inter© it .in people like the Charltons. Gabrielle saw during her talk with Robert Charlton that the young singer 'seemed rather weary and moody, and that she and Janet were' apparently not able to parry oh any conversation between themselves or to join in a general talk. She went over to Miss Elvin, who was affecting to look into a, music- book at the other end of the room. " I am afraid you are tired, Miss Elvin; or lonely. We ought not to have asked you to sing; it must have fatigued you." " Oh, thank you, no," Miss Elvin siid graciously. " I am a little lonely, perhips, without my brother. I so seldom go out alone, I hardly know myself without him." "I am so sorry," Gabrielle said, quite penitently; I ought to have known, I ought not to have asked you to stay. You must forgive me; I never had a brother, and I did not remember for the moment bow lonely one must feel without Buch a companionship when one is used to it." This, however, was by no means the sentiment which it would have suited Miss Elvin to encourage.' Nothing could have been- a more" complete frustration of her plans and hopes thin that Mrs. Vanthorpe should suppose that she and her brother were inseparable. "Oh, no,, it is not that," she hastened to explain; " unfortunately my brother and I have to be only too often separated as it is, Mrs. Vanthorpe. He has to give lessons out of London; in Brighton and other places, and sometimes I don't see him for days and days together. If I were at home now the chances are that I should be sitting alone there. Oh, no, it was not that I meant. What I meant to say was that here in this charming house of yours, made so welcome by your kindness and so happy, it seems a sad thing that he should not be here too; that he should be away, working perhaps with uncongenial people for a living." "Ah, yes; I can quite understand that," Gabrielle said softly. " If I had a brother I am sure I should feel as you do. There can be no friend like a brother." "Pardon me, Mrs. Vanthorpe; you could hardly be expected to feel as I do. You could hardly have the occasion. If you had a brother he would be a gentleman of fortune; he would not be going about the world giving fencing, lessons for a living. . You would not be going.: to face the great cold hard world, to expose yourself to slight and reproach, to fail perhaps." " You will not fail, I know; I am sure. We shali hail your complete success before long— and see how young you are. We are all sure of your success. Mr. Charlton understands a great deal about music, and he has just been telling me that he never heard such a voice as yours." Miss Elvin's anxiety to please her patroness could not carry her farther than to express with the very slightest bend of her head an acknowledgment of praise coming from a person like Mr. Charlton. " But the gentleman who was here to-day," she said—" when I sang. He was net very sanguine. He said all he could to please you, Mrs. Vanthorpe; but it was easily to be seen that he was by no means hopeful. My brother, I fear, .spoils me with his praise; he is so sanguine and he is so fond of me." " But I assure you Mr. Taxal is much more hopeful than he seems; only he thinks it right to guard against giving too much hope for fear of disappointment. He told me so when we talked of you before he went." "You were kind enough to talk to him abont me ?" Miss Elvin said, turning the full light of her anxious eyes on Gabrielle, and delighted to hear that she had been the subject of conversation. " Yes, of coarse we did; what else should we ; have talked of then? And he told me he thought it was right always to guard against saying too much; I suppose he does wisely ia that, but I confess it is not my way. Miss Elvin. When I feel enthusiasm I must let it be seen but others of course are different. You may trust to his championship all the same. 1 ' " I know that he will try to do anything you ask him, Mrs. Vanthorpe; indeed, who would not ? Whatever may come, I shall owe all to you." Miss Elvin had grown suddenly very carious on one point! Was Mr. Taxal an admirer of; Mrs. Vanthorpe? Was there any probability 1 thatshe would marry him? Her brother had given her to understand that Mrs. Vanthorpe had suffered so much grief at her husband's death that she never could think of marrying again; but Miss Elvin was convinced thatshe knew exactly what value to set on. womanly' resolves of that kind. She thought there was somethisg in the devotednesss of Taxal's manner that suggested a love-making and a possible engagement; and it would be very great importance for her to know whether there was any ground for this impression. She made up her mind that she would find out something on that head before she committed herself in any way either to Mrs. Vanthorpe or to Mr. TaxaL So, being a very clever little person as well as a great artist— clever, that is, when her moods of selfishness and ill-humour did not get the better of her judgment — she set herself to extract the supposed secret from Gabrielle. " I have sung more than once to please myself and to please others to-night; dear Mrs. Vanthorpe, may I not now sing something to please you?" The manner of the singer was particularly propitiatory and winning. She had seated herself in a suppliant attitude beside Gabrielle on a sofa, shrinking as it were beneath her protecting shadow and looking up to her with all her eyes. Now Gabrielle was one of those rarest of beings—a heroine who did not know much about music. For musical performers in general she did not even care. Long, long hoars of delight had she passed in listening even to such poor music and such poor singing as her own. There were times and moods when one chance chord of a piano wafted to her ears; one sound of the trumpet aoross the park from the barracks ; aye, even one bar on an old hurdygurdy, odious and insufferable to the cultivated, would set all her pulses thrilling as if with the deepest influence of music. Often had she in one sound drunk in the full sense of that exquisite saying of Richter's hero about the music which speaks of things that in all oar lives we have not found and shall never find. But for set musical performances, more especially of the severe and classic order, she had, it must be owned, rather a languid ear. So when Miss Elvin thus gracefully entreated her, she had the misfortune to respond to the invitation by replying that she should be delighted above all things to hear any of the early English or Irish or Scotch ballads— any that Miss Elvin pleased—she loved all of them that she knew, and was sure she should love to hear any one that Miss Elvin might happen to sing. Alas! Miss Elvin never sang that sort of music; oh, never. It did not suit her voice at all. She was so sorry; but she never coald sing masic like that; in fact, her brother would not wish her to do so, as he feared it would spoil her style. Bat I wish to sing something for you," she said imploringly, " something specially for you. Is there anything Mr. Taxal particularly loves? Perhaps as you are such Mends you might have a preference for something he likes ?" " I don't think I have the least idea of what Mr. Taxal likes," Gabrielle said. "I have not seen him for a long time until very lately; until I asked him to come here and talk about yon. I fancy he would think my taste in music barbarous, as you do, I am sure, Miss Elvin," said Gabrielle, not at all annoyed, but on the contrary, highly amused. "Sing whatever you like yourself; whatever belongs to your style. I shall be sure to likefit; and I.hope we shall get you a far more appreciative audience before long," This was not perhaps a very happy way of putting a singer into great good humour. Miss Elvin performed a song at Gabrielle; it could not be said that she sang. Then she rose from the piano and made a pretty little baw to Gabrielle, as if to say, "I have now performed my act of fealty." She regarded herself simply as a martyr. Miss'Elvin would have judged of Julius Csesar, Michael Angelo, Queen Elizabeth, or Madame de Stael by his or her capacity to appreciate singing; that is to say, the singing of Miss Elvin. The little company did not blend; it was, if. such an illustration may be used, mixed bat not' compounded. Each of the two guests who would talk at all wanted to talk only to Gabrieile. Robert Charlton was happy to the very fulness of comfort while she talked with' him. Her words made him feel clever and eloquent. When she turned to speak to Miss Elvin or to Janet he fell under a- pall of silence and began to turn over the. leaves of illustrated books. While Gabrielle was speaking with him Miss Elvin openly took refuge in music-books or photographs. The singer cared nothing about' such art as Charlton understood. Charlton would just then have been sorely, bored by the music of St. Cecelia. Gabrielle fancied that Janet. must • be lonely, having so little to do with any conversation that there was. "She resolutely, told Robert Chariton to talk to' Miss .Elvin :for. a little, and Bhe drew Janet into particular conversation with herself. She was anxious to get some account of Janet's^fellow-lodgers; to hear about Mr. Lefussis, who was poor and whom it might be possible in some way to help; and about Mr.. Fielding. Janet opined that Lefussis was very poor; hat ehe beUered he impiead, «a4«he did not exactly see her way to do anything much for him of that eort.- He made her laugh, poor Mr. LefusBis, Janet said. She had often seeh him openly mending his old coat as she fiassed by his- room, and she had seen him blackening the seams tflth ink. Mr. Fielding ? well, she did : not fancy Mr. Fielding was particularly well off-r, but he'certainly appeared to have money to .spend sometimes ; and-then he always spent it, Janet thought. How did she know? Well, Robert told her; but b&Bides; she bad know him do ever so many kind things for lodgers who were in difficulty. There was a poor man died in the second floor of the next house; and Mr. Fielding gave the servant in Janet's house a letter for the widow, and she wasn't to say whom it came from;, and the servant did not say, feut^ she waited to see it opened, and the poor . widow found there was nothing but a ten-pound note in it. The lady who had the house where Janet lived told her that Mr. Fielding was always doing kind things for her, and for her little girls, and for everybody, when he had the opportunity. Janet began to talk so much about Fielding that Gabrielle feared Mr. Charlton might hear what his good-natured little wife was saying, and wholly misinterpret the nature of her enthusiasm. Partly for this reason and partly because for .motives.of her own she was pleased to have .heard so good an account of Fielding, she began to speak of his appearance with a certain admiration, and to say that she had been rather taken by his manner. Suddenly Robert Charlton, who had been trying very unsuccessfully to -carry on a conversation with Miss Elvin, and who had had all the difficulties of the task hideously aggravated by his desire to hear what Gabrielle and his wife were saying, broke off abruptly in his attention to the singer and turned to Mrs. . Vanthorpe. " You were talking of that man Fielding, Mrs. Vanthorpe ? I don't know what to make of him ; I sometimes think he is not all right; I nave been telling Janet to avoid him." There was something in his manner which GabrieUe, for all her good nature, thought -unpleasant and presuming. " I know nothing about the gentleman," she said coldly, " but he appears to me to ba a gentleman. I was saying so to your wife. . She was afraid I might have supposed him to be rather rude in manner; but I did not." " I don't know what he'does for a living, nor where he'gets any money," Charlton went on with malice awkwardly disguised. " The worst thing about being poor and living - in -a place like that, -Mrs: Vanthorpe, is that it compels one t> associate with people of whom one knows nothing." Gabrielle did hot continue this talk, but turned to Miss Elvin, who was sulking in a corner, and said something to her. 'The little evening hardly recovered the introduction of Fielding's name. Gabrielle thought Charlton looked curiously mean and vulgar while he was endeavouring to insinuate something vague against the young man in Bolingbroke-place. Charlton was angry with himself because he thought he had displeased Gabrielle; even Janet felt that the atmosphere of the evening had grown less genial. Gabrielle's well-meant hospitality was not turning out a great success. She was a little disappointed herself and was rather glad when her two guests went away; although ehe again assured Janet in friendly whispers that she would never fail Janefs cause until full suceess, had crowned her efforts. Robert Charlton hardly spoke a word to his wife all the way home. As they got- to the threshold of their dismal house in Bolingbrokeplace be said to her abruptly— "There seems no light in that fellow's windows; I wonder where he can bs at this hour?" "Mr. Fielding?" " Yes; Mr. Fielding, aiyou call him." Janet did hot'venture upon suggesting that that was probably the right way to call him; at least that it was the only way known to her. V Who knows what the fellow's name is ?" Charlton fiercely asked. " Who knows what ho is ? I am sure there is something bad about him. Febple ought to be warned against him." They were now in' the house, and actually at the. door of the little-sitting-room which FieldiDg occupied. Robert had let himself in with a latch-key; a privilege almost necessarily allowed to lodgers in that house. He tried the door of Fielding's rcom and found it unlocked. He turned the handle, opened the door; and in spite of Janet's shrinking back and her whispered protest he stepped into the room, dragging her with him. It was not quite dark. The faintest gleam of soft light was burniog in Fielding's antique lamp. "Hallo!" a voice exclaimed; and Fielding struggled up from a recumbent position on the sofa. Janet started and almost screamed. "Oh, so you are in then?" Charlton said a little confusedly. " I wasn't certain; so I just looked in to see as we were passing. But we must not disturb you.*' _" Come, I say," Fielding said cheerily; "you did not look in, you know, jusb to gaze upon this manly form? I am sure Mrs. Charlton didn't, anyhow." " Oh!" exclaimed Janet in horrified protest against the very idea of such a thing. "Of course not; I said so, you know. No, Charlton, my boy, you looked in hoping to find me here, that you and I might have a midnight talk together; and here I am. I wasn't sleeping ; only lying on the sofa and thinking out all manner of things. I am so glad you came, you two. The room was getting to be quite filled with ghosts; yes, Mis. Charlton, ghosts as thick as leaves in that awful place that people quoted until we all got sick of it. Now you two good fellows have come and the ghosts are all gone! Look here "—he turned en the light of his lamp until it burned with a warm and cheerfal glow. "Now^ we'll have some supper. I never had the pleasure of catching Janet—I mean, of course, Mrs. Robert Charlton—in my humble dwelling before; and she isn't going now until she helps us first to get and then to eat some supper. Charltoa, my good fellow, there's yet some liquor left; there's more of that Burgundy. I say, how glad I am that you two have come." So he went talking and rattling on in what seemed to be a genuine reaction of high animal spirits after loneliness and depression. He rushed about; he arranged and disarranged the tables and the chairs; insisted on Janet .taking off her bonnet and lending a hand in the preparations ; pulled all manner of things to eat and drink from cupboards; and in fact made the dull old room waken op and grow lively under the influence of his genial humour and good nature. Janet was at first utterly puzzled to Inow how to conduct herself. She was afraid that if she lent herself in the slightest to the unceremonious ways of Fielding, she would be laj ing np endless stores of jealousy and offence to be treasured against her in her husband's mind. Bat to her surprise, Robert seemed, after his first confusion, to be doing his best to fall into the humour of the thing. "Come, Janet,"he said peremptorily, "help Mr. Fielding. He is only a poor bachelor, yoa know, and a good-natured woman might lend him a hand to show him how to spread a cloth." Nothing could give Janet more pleasure than to be helpful and friendly te any one. She only wanted the permission. But* as Bhe bustled about the room and was good- humouredly pushed here and there by Fielding and called by her Christian name quite as often as not, and Robert Charlton stood by and made no remonstrance at anything, but was evidently.resolved to be in the friendliest mood, she certainly did wonder at the changing ways of men; and she could only fancy that the magic of Mrs. Vanthorpe's sweet influence must be already beginning to work and that Robert was. being cured of his ill-humours and his jealousy. They sat down at last to a pleasant little supper, and Janet was made to have some of the delicious Burgundy which she was not able to admire, honestly thinking it sour and detestable. " And so you nave been in the glittering halls of fashion?" Fielding asked. "Come, tell us all about it. Yoa Peris who have been within the portals, tell a poor devil shut out what Paradise is like." " Lefussis was there," Charlton said. " He was going away when we came," Janet hastened to explain. "There was a delightful singer there, Mr. Fielding." "Was there really? How much.I should have liked to hear him; what did he sing? Anything nice from tbe music-halls ?" "Oh, for shame, Mr Fielding, to think of Mrs. Vanthorpe having anything from the music-halls! And it wasn't a he at all; it was a young lady." " I shouldn't have cared for any young lady, where she another Saint Cecelia, while that beautiful Mrs. Vanthorpe was there—and while Janet was there; Mrs. Robert Charlton of course I mean. With two such in presence what care I for singers? The talk of some women is far above singing." "Mrs. Vanthorpe looked lovely," Janet &ffimcd;« "If one could only see her," Fielding went on; "bnt she does not invite me. I think m go and take my stand ontside her door every day. She must come out sometimes." «You need not do all that," Janet said in great good spirits. "If you go to the concert at Lady Honeybell's next Friday she is sure to be there; she is going with the lady who sings." Fielding entered perhaps half in iest and certainly half in earnest into the whole question of the concert: where and when it was to be, and irfaethec ftdmissi^i frw to be by pay meat, Then they talked of other things, and c pleasant hour was passed away. Janet thought she had. never spent so free and happy an evening, and she began to hope that a new life was really opening on her. i But when they were alone in their room together her husband'suddenly said— " Janet, why did you tell that fellow anything about the concert ? What is it to him ? What does he want there ?" Janet mistook altogether the source of his objection to Fielding's going to the concert. "Why, Robert, what harm was there in that? We are not going therie." " Yea, I think I. shall go." " Oh; but anyhow I am not going." " I don't care about that; I would not lave told him anything. I wish you had kept your mouth shut. What business ' has he going there?" Janet could not understand her husband's anger this time. More than once when he was out of humour she had contrived with- innocent coquetry to attract his eyes and-his admiration to her beautiful hair as she undid it and rearranged it for the night. She tried the pretty stratagem now again. She loosed the golden ocks and let them fall around her shoulders; hen coiled them up in some new form, and let hem fall anew ; she made their sunny splendour gleam under his eyes again and again,, but all in vain. Her beauty could not draw him out of bis ill-humour by a single hair, nor by all its chains of golden hair, that night. 