VICTOEIAN COUHSINQ. THE WATEELOO CUP MEETING. ' (FUO1I OBtt 9?ECIAL COttnEBPOXIiEST.) _. .-...-__.._ MELDontKE, Monday. iuu ruuiiiiigiur luu vruterioo%/Up, under tile ftusiuccooi tho Victoria Coursing Club, commenced to-uaj' The weather was most unfavourable for sport, beiu;j v.'inrty, and giving promise of rain. It, however, did not ooino down, until we wera homeward bound, aud then not cvery indication exists of having a plentiful supply of wet weather. The wind to-day blow with hurricane force, consequently game was found to bo scarce, and what was met with, wild; this -accounts for tbo poor day's amuse ment, 10 courses only being disposed ot up to luncheon Afterwards things looked a trifle better, and 14 additional trials wore got through, making a total of 24— a poor outing, considering that the card was confidently anticipated to be run down with ease. Operations commenced with the downfall of Bougeet Noir, a member of tho dangerous South Australian kennel, on whom odds of 6 to i were laid, but she never was allowed to have the least say in a Bhort spin. The next course, too, resulted in a surprise, and this was the only instance Mr. Johnston's decision was at variance with others. Tho contest was, for the most jart, run out of sight of the majority of the crowd, those who were luoky enough to see the whole of the spin holding the opinion that Dr. Featherstone's dog bad won with something in band. Tho Sydney representatives, Lelex and Lethe, won each of their first courses. The former had a very short one, in which the handsome son of Barniby oad Sea Wave had no opportunity of displaying Ms powers to perfection, owing to being sent away to a poor hare, his opponent making short work of 'pussy' by killing quickly, and thus extinguishing her chances. Lathe, in her trial with Kew Lass, showed pace, and had much the best of a good run, the bare 'hosting' her pur sucrs and escaping in the creek. Lethe, when picked up, was fonnd to have suffered an injury to one of her feet, which will militate against her show iu tho first ties. This is to be regretted, as we fancy Mr. Lee Lord would have gone uncomfortably far into tbe stake with the hiindle and white bitch. Lalagc has not yet seen the dips, but if appearances go for anything, he ought to keep up the repu tation of New South Wulea by repeating the dose of his kcnucl mates, and winning Ids first trial. Tho other courses coll for no comment except that between Tom Pepper and Caste, the Ked Rover puppy clearly demon strating that be possesses plenty of - pace and staying abilities. Mr. Johnston filled too pigskin with his accustomed efficiency, only once liis dictum beiug not in accord with several spectators. W. Wilson, ns slipper, was ' all there ;' the way ho delivered his -3og« was spoken of in the highest manner possible ; he has the satisfaction of knowing that no one can teach him his busi ness iu despatching a brace of greyhounds. Subjoined aro full dotailf! :— THE WATEELOO CUP For Gi all ages at £25 each, winner, £400, and piece of plate value £100; runner-up, £200 ; two dogs, £50 each ; four dogs, £30 each ; eight dog-s, £20 each : sixteen dogs, £10 each. SQverstream beat Eougo-et-Noir BoscUa beat Fakir of Oolu Eadiant boat Waitawbils Lelex beat Wcigelia Nutlcaf beat Lanoma Pandoretta beat Cnrlist Eosv Fawn beat Cracker The Devil beat Snnnysides Cherter beat Wallace Pcrsephonebe.it Higblan^fir Wateriily beat Marshal Lethe beat Ken- Lasc Castor beat Duke Sylvia beat Soprano Young Luffra II. beat Vanmiard Eipplinp Avon beat Mysterious Lad? Lady Cashier beat Lady of the Hills Tom Pepper beat Caste Desdeinona beat Eowcna Pretty Jane beat Kingston Whin beat Borneo Kondoletia beat Young Beriqae Haste beat Emma Duke of Wellington beat Sligo. After a long walk a bare was started for Eouge-et- Noir and Silverstrcom, and in a short spin the latter monopolised ovcit point, and wound up with a kill. Fakir of Oolu led Rosollaforfirstrara.afterwhicbthey were lnsttoviewof the crowd for a time. 'When in Eight again, Dr. Feather stone's dog had command until be appeared to tire. Hero the Torrent bitch got in far «. few weak -wrenches, tbe hara gittiug away, and the white flag hoisted for the bitch, ndiont hadthefoot and the best of Waitawhile inamerjy epin. Lelex led, scored first Turn, nnd wrenched twice ; WeigeUa here mode a drive and picked up the bare Bmnxtlv. Tasmania's bopos were entrusted to Lanoma, who was well beaten by Nutloaf. Pandorctta liad matters pretty well her own way, Carlist failing to sustain the reputation ho gained in the Derby. Wallace hadn't the ghost of a show with Chester, tbe 'fur' being the best of the three. ?Jcrosophone and Highlander were sent travelling after a 'demon,' the former momentarily being unsighted from slips ; she, however, pulled hoi'scif together, and her well-known staying powers served her, as she left off a good winner. Crocker was no use to Rosy Fawn, ? who handled her came infamous fashion, and won most decisively. Tbe Devil was both faster and cleverer than Sunnysidcs, in a coarse of moderate length. Wateriily and Marshal met a bore which -was tt bit too good, Mr. Mtmday'E puppv unf ortu natclr sustaining a severe accident during the rim, which explains for the poor show be mode. Lethe led Sew Lass a couple ot lengths, and kept possession of ' puss' until tbe creek wns reached, where she found refuge. Castor seemed to have all tho worst of Duke, but the judge saw that tbe latter had a supply of '.knowledge,' which caused the white flag to be hoisted in favour of Mr. Joseph Clarke's representative. Sylvia was always abit faster than her kennel companion. Soprano, in a moderate trial, and thus gained the award. Vanguard was too severely cut tobope to successfully cope against a guodiBreyhound like YouugLuffra IL Eippliug Avon did not dispose of Mysterious Lady so cosily as was expected. The Claverbouse bitch was no match for Mr. Wolstenhohnc's nomination, though her running -tras a great improvement upon that displayed at the Batliurtt, Cup meeting. Lady Cashier was much too/'much' for 'Lady of tho Hills in a fair length of trial. ;TomP«ppor went away ffrcat guns in front of Caste, and gained first turn hj about 10-or 35 lengths, but, going wide, gave the Cociquo bitch on epening, whicli she availed herself of; a food ' ffire-and-toka contest eaaued, Tom having- ono poiat to' ths good only When tha hare -was -lost ii some 'njfhos. Ths two balf-slsters, Bowsna and Dcsbmoife, tried co&slusions;, but partly out of sight,' the latterffettinf tho fiat. Pretty Jant and'King-cton went away'out of viow also, tbe former causing the red flog to fro up for bqr. Borneo wont down easily before Whip, the pair (jetting- a grueller. Eondoletia and Young Bsziquo were despatched to a grand lmre, and treated tbe spectators to a rare set. to. They, however, did a lot of work in a hollow out of sight of the crowd, Mr. liounsevell's crack having a good balance in hand when tbe bare got away. Haste had no difficulty i;i putting through-Eniina, and Sligo was never ' in it' with Duke o f Wellington after a dodging hare. fJ5l ElECTMC TELESn/l.PH.1 MEf.norRKE, Friday. The New South Wales do? Lelex, who has performed grandly from the first day, won tho Waterloo Cup thiB afternoon in fine stylo. He beat Haste, after a fine run. For tho Purse. Chester beat Desdeinonu, and for tbe Plate, Eew Lass beat Cock of the North. Mr. Lee Lord, tho owner of Lelex, was warmly complimented on all sides for his success. New South Wales had three dogs, but only two— Leiex and Lethe— competed in.the closing ties. On Tllurs&ay; Lethe was drawn, and Lelex was loft alone to do battle for New South Wales. The style in which he won showed him to be a very superior animal. 