ON THE NORTH VEST COAST. I (By the Special Correspondent of The Tasmanian Mail.) Mist on the Mountains forms one of the features of the Leven. The morning I left that place for Castra, hearing some one stirring in the room next to me very early, I ventured to tap on the thin partition that divided us, and to ask what sort of morning it was An unmistakable theatrical voice replied in Shakesperian accents "Sir I-the atmosphere is most mysteriously impregnated and adumbrated with infinitesimal particles of minute haze I" Quito alive to the consideration of the frightful things that are to happen about 1880-1 rushed in consternation to the window, and found that I had only to contemplate-a fog Shortly afterwards, I started on foot on the plank road to Castra, thirteen miles. This road, as the name signifies, is not exactly a corduroy road, as the term is understood in America. Heaven knows that this Castra road is bad enough, and the people in its neighbourhood are in one eternal united state of " grumble " about it I but I have seen worse in Canada and elsewhere, where every bump of the wagon separated the soul from the body -- for the time being-and made the return to terra firma, even though the latter should be mud, a perfect paradise. I passed a saw mill and a flour mill, the first belonging to Messrs. Reid, and the latter to Mr. Shaw, both of which seem to be doing a good business. The river to the Castra, called the " Serpentine," more than dcaervositB name. I crossed the same stream seven times in thirteen miles. Imagine a fly taking a stroll across the rings of a corkscrew, and you will have an idea of what it is. Seven bridges will of course be required for this corkscrew stream, for which the late Minister of Lands promised £4,500. What the present one will do, I am not in a position to declare. The " plank road " occupies about eight miles. There is about two and a half miles of metalled road (very poor metal by the way and the remainder is self-made for self-supporting at all events. All along from the Leven by the " fork" to Colonel Crawford's, the land on both sides a splendid, and mostly under cultivation. As it approaches the fork, it is very heavily time bored- alarmingly be in fact, and after that all of forest. There are some beautiful spots along the road one in particular where the trees, not gigantic ones, form a delightful avenue the gurgling murmur of the the stream close by, the presence of water cresses in abundance, and the singing of birds, made it very attractive. When the road turns off to Colonel Crawford's the country changes. Fern trees, profound gorges, rocks, and, in one place, a roaring cataract of twenty-six or twenty-seven feet. After crossing a very substantial bridge it would need to be substantial over such a rocky, roaring chasm-I entered one of the grandest forests it has ever been my lot to witness in any part of the world : " On ! for a lodge in some vast wilderness, Some boundless contiguity of shade ! " Emerging from this wild but magnificent scene, Colonel Crawford's house burst upon my light. A better site could not have been chosen. On a small plateau or natural terrace, on a primitive glade or opening, girt by a magnificent belt of blackwood, with an underlying group of splendid form trees, forms of the latter fantastic in shape and rather «tcentrioin their family " trees," stands the house, or rather series of houses and out-offices, planned and regulated in estimable order. The blackwood trees formerly grow in the shape of an elbow, a small portion of which had to be cut down, as the whole " bolt " constituted rather an embarras de richesses in one respect. Of course there are the usual white ghosts of gaunt, naked trees, and cultivation is not in a very advanced state of M yet. There was wheat, oats, and peas, and some of the finest rye (for fodder) that I have ever soon. In two or three years hence this will be a lovely spot. Nor are flowerS, those smiles upon a frowning landscape, forgotten. When the whole of the roads are finished, which I suppose they must be are very long, there will be some inducement for those who have already taken up land at Castra, (Gunn's Plains, and Park Plains (known as Dooley's Plains), to come and occupy them. At this spot Colonel Crawford's enjoyed two days of quiet and delightful contempla- tion and unlimited hospitality. I returned to the level in the same manner in I left it, viz on foot, and the next morning I resumed my knapsack. There are two roads from the Penguin to the Leven, one called the Forest Road, and the other by the seashore. I chose the latter as a matter of course, not only on account of its natural attractions, but became 1 might, perchance, stumble across the wreck of another " Ivanhoe," though God forbid that such a " chance," for all, should strive I My walk was delightful a detached islands of unique shape, and castellated rocks, where one might imagine grim Barons dwelt, issuing forth (in bo»t»)_t» levy black mail upon the traveller. Just beyond this is General Lodder's, and some other very attractive looking places. The road was by no means had, but there is a sad want of culverts. I entered the Penguin (township,) after dark, but even in the morning, did not find it very lively, There is no port. The very night of my arrival, I read in a paper, under the heading of " Don Shipping," that the cutter Mountain Maid, F. Gay had sailed from Penguin Creek, with palings for transhipment to Charles and Arthur." There is a nice little Esplanade?, with two stores and two blacksmiths shops, with another new shop on speculation. I cannot say much about the post office, It was in such a modest and blushing " state, from the recent arrival of a young postmistress, that I was quite afraid to go near' it. I can only describe the School-house as simply disgraceful. The attendance at the school is very Billilli, m CO children at least should be available. Mr. Braddon's motion the subject of school buildings and the manner in which they are erected, was made in good time. The land about the Penguin is all taken up, at least along the coast ten miles deep. Some land behind that is said to be available, but it is also unfortunately described as being; very poor. I paid a visit to the silver mines, now unworked, and traced the lode in these openings ; but it does not seen to be very rich, Indeed, if it were rich it would not be accepted, as it is, in my opinion. And yet it is not very long ago since I saw a very favourable report of it I brought wolf a specimen with me, which contains more pyrites than silver ; but a specimen which was May be Vier e tons (?) to be crushed six months ago, yielded, it is said, 247 oz to the ton The worst feature in the Penguin that struck me, was the young loafers hang- ing about without any apparent occupation beyond ogW and insulting passing females, and playing the concertina They can play the concertina, but, strange to say, few of them of from 18 to 20 can read or write. Here is room for legislation In the city of Boston, Massachussets swearing, and smoking are forbidden in the public streets to this day people are compelled W law to attend some place of w worship, and why should not these youths be compelled to go to a night school to learn something better than the (German) concertina ? Let Mr Braddon look to it, for he seems to he the man The natives of Timbuitoo, Tonga, and Fiji can read and write English There are natives of Tasmania, notably around the coasts who can do neither But they can play the concertina, and sit hie crows on a fence on Sunday is, to pass jokes on passing people of both sexes So much for the Penguin I passed on towards Emu Bay in time enough to reach that place in broad daylight My walk had little variety, and still there was a little I passed by l deserted schoolhouse, end ante, and anything more desolate than a resorted schoolhouse I cannot imagine the Boot where children s voices have filled the air, is always sacred However, I passed the place, as I said, and shortly after picked up a piece of slate in the road, not a school slate, but common roof elite As luck would have it, I met an intelligent boy from that very deserted school, who gave a means much information as I could desire on the matter. He told me that there was a quarry of it near Sulphur Creek, but that it was not worked More b the pity, for it could be used for many purposes roofing and "siding" of houses, for instance, but, like everything else, amongst this extraordinary population, who calculate upon small outlay, quick returns and enormous profits, I suppose 'it wont pay!" The scenery between the the Penguin and Emu Bay this barren in the extreme I passed, how over some spots which were grand in their wildness, and one spot in particular, which was grand from its dangerous aspect It was a precipice from the usual load, down ward to the sea, of sixty or seventy feet The road is narrow, under a projecting far above , there is no protection whatever, and were a team of oxen to meet a vehicle with a spirited pair of horses, or a man on a spirited horse there, even in the broad daylight, there is no knowing what the consequences might be Perhaps the Road Trust is patiently waiting for some such catastrophe to occur, as Sydney Smith patiently waited for a railway to kill a bishop, in order to effect reform As I passed over the bridge which crosses the river Blyth, I was startled The estuary was so large, that it seemed capable of holding a small fleet at anchor , but at is that eternal bar-that disease of the throat-that several ending narrowness of thorax from which all these Northern rivers suffer, dispelled the vision The bridge over the Blyth is in pretty good condition, but I am sorry to say that the Emu bridge is in a far different state In fact it is dangerous, and, consider- ing the traffic that must naturally pass over it, I am surprised that more use ear has not been made about it, I perceive that Mr O'Reilly formerly placed £1,500 on the estimates for a new Emu bridge-What will he do now The appearance of Emu Bay (township) to a stranger, M be approaches it, is compact, with some striking landmarks in the shape of certain buildings When one does arrive in it, one can person e the outline of streets, but the outline is very faint indeed The Court House is a very creditable building, and there are also some creditable shops, but the postoffice is a disgrace Grown up people seem to be afraid of the spot You generally Bee a crowd of children standing in a mud puddle under the small window, waiting for letters, or, if the adults do summon courage to appear there, they generally do so in a body, as if for mutual protection I Surely the postmistress requires some assistance and relief, for, on many occasions when I have gone there for letters, the office was closed, and she was out done enng a tile gram-and a good many telegrams she had to deliver The school is held in a very respectable building compared to many I have seen around the coast, and is under good and efficient management As for the Bay as a harbour, I am afraid it will be a failure without a tremendous outlay When the tramway to Mount Bischoff was planned, it was supposed that Emu Bay would carry all before it, and become the Northern port and entrepôt But there are drawbacks of a serious nature So far as I have observed the future contest for supremacy as regards a place for shipping commercial same spot, in fact, will be heavy even Torquay cum iormby.audEmuBay 'Hieformerposscssesadv vantages which I have already pointed out, and which are rapidly becoming notorious Emu Bay is an open roadstead, the current of which possess an extraordinary power upon ships at anchor, which it is difficult to account for Nothing that I can see, can ever make Emu Bay an important harbour, except a tremendous bl leaky water and jetties inside of it-and that idea, I fear, is Utopian and ouré It will do very w oil, like the " Dow rib, as a roadstead, and the town must be satisfied to remain as a sort of Deal or Walmer They are extending the existing pier alongside of which the steamers do not come at present about 90 feet further out, and that is about all they are likely to do for some time As it is, all cargo has to be loaded and unloaded by means of burges (they have called out names in ditter entpartBof the world, but this rain will do and the extension of the present price, will, no doubt be a great boon to the merchants and tin companies of Mount Bischoff, and the rain ay Co The court actor has been for some time back having heavy stones into the bed of the Sea by a unique and laborious process, and upon this foundation will be laid a superstructure of masonry and cement I suppose it will be a success as far as it goes, and I hope it will There is very little else to notice at Emu Bay as far as the town goes There are two hotels, which, I judge by the business done, seems two too many The best, and indeed the leading hotel is " Jones Hotel forming rather a prominent object on the shore, with its two gable ends, its low or v el indah and its comfort able balcony Now that hoseason is approachnig,8oasido excursions and all the delights that belong thereto, I could not recommend a better place for the workers, especially those with family or, for whom there is every accommodation in fact, the whole house is roomy and well managed and sojourn nors there of a woman the instincts can either sit in the b gloomy, stn v ey the beauties of the Bay, and imagine it to be the Bay of Naples (one of the Headlands representing Vesuv me) or they can be in bed and listen not visit to the quiet "swish' "swish of the water on the shore if it is calm, or the louder and equally musical voice of the breakers if it is lough, This hotel is kept by Mr O'Neill, who also cat i lies the mail along the coast, and can accommodate people with horses, etc, and billiards is a matter of course There is a funny sort of a lighthouse at present on this piece (of cake and they call it here) but I suppose it answers the purpose By the way speaking of lighthouses reminds me of the dispute that has long been carried on, as to the most proper site for a lighthouse on the Northern Coast I have consulted many people upon this subject, and I find that on the principle of " the greatest good for the greatest number, most of them are agreed that Rocky Cape is the proper use The principal reasons are, that most of our trade is with Melbourne and Adelaide, and sailing v vessels coming from these places find it necessary to come in With the land about Rocky Cape, owing to the prevalence. of the S S W winds on the coast at night A rock lying a short distance from the above e Cape, makes this dangerous at night, and a light on the Cape would make it safe Vessels can find shelter from westerly storms in Circular Head, and from custody storms in West Bay A light upon Rocky Cape would enable them to go into these places when it is dark, which strange vessels cannot do at present Rocky Cape is not so often observed by fog, in Table Cape The anchoring under 'Table Cape to the east ward is not good, the ground being rocky A light on Table Cape might induce Btrnngei s to anchor there which, as a general rule, would be dangerous This is the pith of what I can got out of men of from 20 to 25 years experience, as seamen and shipmasters My letter is extending I cannot close it, however, without lamentingthoseiioilBBprend of diphtheria along these coasts This leads me to reflect upon the utter sol fishness of human nature, here, perhaps, above all other places. The landing of sheep, or cattle, without care ful inspection, is washed off with a bravery and por tenacity only paralleled by the ancient Britons endeavouring to prevent the landing of Julius Caesar They will wind up to their necks in the sea to prevent the landing of a diseased sheep or a diseased cow, or a diseased horse But you in i} being small pox from Adelaide, diphtheria from Melbourne, and some insidious fever from Sydney, and spread it along the coast, and no one will not raise her voice against it I "It does I say I And so let every body lookout for themselveS '-or, as the old adage hath it, "Everyone for himself ! God for us all and the day take the hindmost I ' My next letter will be from Hampshire Hills (Silver Hales) and Mount Bischoff! 