GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, Thuesday, November 20. THE IMPOUNDING ACT. Tlie town of Palmerston has been brought under the operation of the Impounding Act, 1858. RECREATION RESERVE. The recreation reserve in the Hundred of Penola has been placed under the control of the District Council of Penola. NEW TOWNSHIP RESERVE. Portions of Crown lands in'the Hundred o! Mount Muirhead have been reserved as a site for the new township of Hatherleigh. . THE TOWNSHIP OF HATHERLEIGH. Portions of Crown lauds in the Hundred of Mount Muirhead have been reserved as park lands; a site for a public cemetery, aud for slnuehtering puvposer for the township of Hatherleigh. RAILWAY RESERVE. A portion of Crown Lands in the Hundred of Dalkey have been reserved for the purposes of the Hamiey Bridge aud Balaklava railway. SCHOOL BUILDINGS RESERVE. Allotments 5, 6, 15, and 16 in the town of Stephenson, and allotments <19,50,95, and 96 in the town of Johnburgh have been reserved as Bites for school buildings. \- CEMETERY RESERVE. A portion of Crown Lands in the Hundred ofNappeiby Las been reserved as a site for a cemetery for Warnertovm. THE CUSTOMS ACT. : Port Milang has been proclaimed a port of import and export under the Customs Aob. ' " APPOINTMENTS. Edwin Stephenson, Esq., J.P., Richard Col lins, Esq., J,P., Samuel Alker, Esq., John Howard, Esq., J.P., George Hiles, Esq., J .P., William Edmund Goodliffe, Esq., J.P., and Thomas Goode, Esq., J.P., a3 members of the Board of Advice for the school district of Hallett-. Judah Moss SolomoD, Esq., solicitor, to be a commissioner for taking affidavits in the Supreme Court. Mr. Alfred Scott Broad, sixth class, Watar werks Office, to be clerk of the fifth olass. Mr. Baker Banks Carvosso, bookkeeper, Goods Department, fifth clerk, to be goods out standing clerk, fourth class. Mr. George Norton Anderson, ticket clerk, Gawler, provisional and temporary, to be sixth class. POLICE DEPARTMENT. James Slater Edmondsou has been appointed a constable in the mounted police, vice Bsres ford, resigned. BY-LAWS CONFIRMED. The new by-laws for the City of Adelaide, the District of Port Elliot, and the District of Port Wakefield, have been confirmed. INSTITUTE RULES APPROVED. The rules ot the institutes at Morphefct Yale, Noarlunga, and Beachport, have been ap-' proved. THE DESTITUTE ACT. During the month of October 519 persons re ceived indoor relief, and 1,752 outdoor relief from the Destitute Board. WEST TOHRENS SCHOOL niSTRICT. The compulsory clauses of the Education Aot have heen extended to the school district of West Torrens. Tenders Accepted. ENGINEER-IN-CIIISF'S DEPARTMENT. Superintendents residence. Port Broughton. — J. JenningB (accepted), £519; J. Fitzpatrick and Co., £336 15s.; Sara & Dunstan, £637 13s.6d.; .Mottle Bros., £693; J. Wisharb, £765; Nieass&Son;, £935. Construction of line of railway between Jamestown and Yongala.—Moliue, McDermott, and Co. (accepted), £16,725 3s. 4d.; Grant and Kcane, 47.371 10s. Id.; Wacker,Swan, & Styles, £48,474 18s 7d.; 0. S. Bailie, £49,635 14s. 3d.; Fry Bros., £52,800; N. McNeil, £53,209 16s.; J. ltobb, £58,948 3s. lOd, IlIDRAUXIC ENGINEER'S DEPARTMENT. Ironwork required in connection with the Adelaide Sewers.—A. Jones & Sons (accepted), No. 1. £1 Is. per cwt; 2, £1 Is. do,; 3,3£d. per lb.; Forwood, Down, & Co., No. 1, £22 10s. per ton; 2, £20 per ton; 3,4d. per lb. For the supply and delivery of broken metal at the Sewers Yard, Thebartou.—Henry Dun stan (accepted), £191 13s. 4d.; John Prince, £19210s. For "the supply and erection of gates and fencing at the Sewers Yard, Thebarson.—J. Sedvnary (accepted) fencing, £1 Is. 6d. per rod: gates, £8 each; Thomas Hall, fencing, £12s. 3d. per rod; gates, £8 lis. 4J. each; Jones and Mattison, fencing, £1 4s. 9d. per rod; gates, £910s. each. Cartage for the Department of the Hydraulic Engineer.—B. "Watson (accepted), scheduled rates; S. A. Carrying Company, do. To-night Mr. D'Arcy Reed, who is well known in piofesBional circles in Adelaide, and recently brought the ghost illusion to this colony, will take a benefit at White's Rooms. The performance will consist of the farce " Young Precocious," in which Mr. Reed's daughter, a very youthful bub clever little lady, will appear; Dibdin's pretty operetta "The Waterman," and a variety of songs, dances,, and other entertainments, in which various lady and gentlemen amateurs will take part. Mr. Wilkine, the well-known cornet soloist, has also given his valuable services. The per formance will be under the patronage of the brethren of the mystic tie, and as Mr. Reed lately has, besides suffering from a protracted illness, met with heavy pecuniary losses, we hope to see a crowded house. A successful entertainment was given in the Glenelg Institute on Monday, November 24, by the Adelaide Amateur Minstrels. The pro gramme consisted of the usual negro comicali ties and ballads. In the drawing-room enter tainment Mr. Ernest Linden, the male soprano of the company, was encored for his rendition of the ballad " Send for Mother f and Mr. Cham berlain, who filled the part of Bones, had to respond to an encore for his clever rendering of the comic song "Little Brown Jug," which was followed by the farce "St. Patrick's Day Parade." The performers in this had also to respond to a recall.. The remainder of the programme was Carried out to tie entire satisfaotioa of the andience, who frequently encored the per formers. The hall was about two thirds full. An interesting entertainment was given in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, November 24, in aid of the Snnday scbool in connection witb tbe Presbyterian Church at the Port. There was a good attend ance, the front seats especially being well filled. Mr. T. Hack, J.P. (mayor of Port Adelaide), presided. The principal part of the proceedings consisted of a series of recitations by Mr: J. H. Sinclair, who displayed a most retentive memory, in his recitals. His delivery was very good, especially in pathetic and sentimental pieces, such as "Little Jim"and "The Death of Little Nell." Interspersed with the recita tions were some soDgs and duets, &o.;, amongst which might be specially mentioned a duet by tbe Misses Lawrence and Goldsmith, entitled "Messengers from Fairy Land," and the well known solo, " The Death of Nelson," by Mr. H. W. Thompson. The latter was particularly good, and was heartily applauded. The others who took part in the entertainment were Messrs. Malpae, Eunson, and Selth. Mr. J. W. Channon presided at the piano. 