he §i[tí)ktt£ tym\\\ky. _PUBLISHED DAILY. monday, Muy 19, 1879. Certain past and present phases in the history of banking in the neighboring colony of Kew South Wales have lately been illustrated by an anonymous writer iu the Sydney Morning Herald, who shows a mastery of the subject, speaking as he does with a weight of authority which is well sustained by tho figures he quotes and the inferences to be drawn from them. He devotes his first letter to a statement of the facts connected with tho financial complications which occurred in New South Wales in 1843. In the second he speaks of those causes which have contributed, during the last six years, to produce the present con- traction of credit. In his third and last letter ho points to the future, and to the policy which ho considers should be adopted in order to mitigate the present money pressure. This ho traces to the extensive purchases of land, and to the manner of conducting banking business in connection therewith. A generation has passed away since the crisis of 1843. A new world of enter- prise has sprung into existence; now values have been created ; yet tho memories of those times still remain with a few of those who passed through them, and there are the records of thoso days which, scanty as they are, supply us with the means of tracing the then exist- ing difficulties to their true source What was it, then, which caused the great contraction of credit and disturbed values 1 Various minor causes were assigned, but the main cause was an influx of money invested largely in unproductive land speculations. The Government, when money became so plentiful, put up a large quantity of land for sale by auction, and the proceeds were deposited in tho banks at interest. The banks again lent it out ; it was used to buy more land, and was again deposited. This went on until the balances which had accumulated were again withdrawn to pay for immigration remittances. Then came the pressure on tho bank creditors, until values were destroyed and there were no buyers. Such is the gkt of tho evidence given in those days before a Select Committee of the Council, wh'ich was appointed in order to devise the best means of providing a remedy for the pre- vailing monetary confusion. The same causes are producing the same results now. Money came pouring into, the Treasury of New South Wales, on account of land purchases. Commencing with nearly £800,000 in 1873, it has gone on increasing until in 1877 it amounted to nearly ¿£3,000,000 for that year, showing a total of .£8,067,357 for the five years ; and though the sales are now being reduced the annual amount received in 1878 was still very large. All this time the mortgages on land and live stock were increasing in a correspond- ing ratio, until we see that 19,OOO,000 acres are now held on security by the vari- ous banks to cover thoir advances. Simul- taneously with these operations, it appears that the deposits on Government account in nine banks on the 31st of March last amounted to £i,725,000. One bank holding £313,036, two banks holding £224,020, while the six others held-on on average-about £160,000 each. Yot the amount of coin aud bullion in the hands of these banks on the date men- tioned is less by .£64,489 than it was in 1873, when the land speculation mania set in. Nor does the oxtent of tho evil end hore, for though tho liabilities of these bauks to the general public havo increased during the same period by £1,444,564, there has been no corres- ponding increase in tho coin available for liquidation. It is less, as we have pointed out, by £61,489 than it was in 1873, though the liabilities, including Govern- ment balances, have increased by £3,109,564. It will at once be seen that these facts disclose a condition of affairs which, under some circumstances, might have brought about wide-spread ruin. The dislocation of values might havo been as decided as in 1813, and tho area of disturbance would have been far more extensive. Fortunately, however, the floating of the loan in England will sup- ply all the money required, aud will pre- vent any immediate demand for the money deposited with the banks. But the remedy after all is only a temporary one. The liabilities are there, and they must bo met, or the securities they represent must be real- ised to a loss. Timeiudeed hasbeengained, and if, in the meantime, profits can be realised out of the properties secured, all may yet be well. But it is still a problem which will have to be carefully worked out if it is not to result in loss. Let us see then what restoratives are recommended by the exponont of the disease. The diagnosis has beon made. How is the patient to be cured? The seat of the malady, it is said, is to bo found in tho speculative competition existing be- tween the squatter and the free selector, and in order to allay this exciting cause, there must be a chango in the principles of land legislation. The system of free selection before survey, which has now assumed proportions and has been diverted to pur- poses never contemplated by Sir John Robertson when ho originally carried his Act, must bo revised. Some now system must be devised more calculated to encourage settlement and less calculated to necessitate tho equivocal kind of trans- actions which have disgraced the ad- ministration of affairs in New South Wales for some years, and which now threaten to culminate in wide-spread financial disaster. Such is one-half of the prescription. The other half is certainly not likely to be less effective. It is one which the banks can prescribo to themselves with tho assistance of their creditors-the public and the Government. They must make up their minds manfully to meet their liabilities, but they must have time given them to do so. If called upon to pay up within six months, that intimation would bring rain, as the writor says, to a large portion of the community. But he stipulates for payment :-"The Govern- ment should now give notice to the banks of the exact dates on which they will re- quire the money which is lying to their credit, because they have no right to allow money to remain at interest in any bank." Thus the old liabilities may be acquitted. And as to the creation of new liabilities 1 In that matter the banking authorities must take warning by the past. Tho squatter,« must be refused tho accommodation for tho purchase of land, which has wellnigh proved so fatal both to them and to the banks. " If banks are to bo absolutely safe their secuiities .should bo of an easily convertible charactor, and we all know that land does not possess that quality, particularly when a want of con- fidence exists." Such are some of the conclusions which this woll-informed writer, under the pseudonym of " Caution," arrives at in connection with banking operations in the neighboring colony. The contraction of credit arising from these causes has ser- iously affected us hore. It has contributed to the state of financial tension now in- juriously influencing the legitimate assis- tance which might be given to enterprise, and there is no reason to doubt that we, too, have to pay the penalty in discharge of the mischievous transactions in land which have been so unwholesoinely stimu- lated by the political and financial autho- rities of New South Wales. The true principles of sound banking point to a dis- tribution of riskover as largean area as pos- sible. A customer who dominatos over a bank or over a combination of banks, is au olernent of danger and uncertainty. A Government holding heavy credit balances must either bo a source of intimidation to the banks, or they in turn must be a source of intimidation eithorto the Govern- ment or their customers. The Govern-, ment may say, " You must pay," and the reply may bo, " Very well, if you will insist upon it we will ; but your pressure will ruin half the country. The monoy we havo borrowed from you at 5 per cent has been put out to usury at 10 or 12. If you will only go into partner- ship with us for a fow years wo shall make a handsome profit; but if you will insist on spending the public moneys, you will inevitably ruin our constituents, who have fondly trusted that you could not be so hard-hearled." Such is the position, if, by any mischance such as that which has here been referred to, the banks should be induced to invest in long-dated securities. Nor do the shortcomings of the banks end hero. They have monopolised busi- ness to such an extent that they havo almost destroyed the old mercantile régime. They advance direct to the producer or to the importer at values which not unfre quently load to serious reclamations. Thus, all the advantages which were derived from the mercantile middle-men who exercised a discriminating judgment on these transactions, are sacrified to the profits supposed to arise from the more direct action of the banks. Yet it is almost hopeloss to point to these as de- fects in a system. Thoy aro defects ; but they arise out of the competition betweon the banks themselves. To justify their existence they must make profits, and they cannot mako profits without sailing as close to tho wind as possible. If thoy borrow money at five or six per cent they must lend at ten or twelve to enable thom to stand the occasional losses which aro inevitable if they undortake mercantile risks. Mb, Giugob Taylor, Superintendent and Electrician of the New Zealand and New South Wales cable, baa received a cable message from Sir James Anderson, director o£ the Eastoru Extension Australasian and China Telegraph Com- pany, respecting the duplicate cable ere long to connect Australia with other parts of the world. The messago reads as follows :-" The first instal- ment oí the new duplicate cable to bo laid by the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company be- tween Port Darwin and Singapore is being shipped on board the Edinburgh, s., and is to leave London in about a fortnight. Another por- tion follows iu the Scotia, s., shortly after, and the wholo is being rapidly manufactured and shipped. The core is of a design specially pro. pared to resist attacks of marine insects, being protected by brass tape wound spirally. The esternal wires are each protected-first by adhe- sive mixture, then by tapo, and the wholo is encircled by two coverings of topo. It is fully expected that the whole cable will be laid and in working order well within the contract time." Two entertainments wore given by tho " Carl tou's Ghost" troupe, at the old School of Arts, on Saturday, and both wore fairly well patronised, The children present in the afternoon were highly delighted by the shape of the " spectres," and of course were very animated in marking their ap preciation. Some new features were introduced in the evening's entertainment, which us usual was well received. Tun Kelly and Leon Ministréis aud Burlesque Opera Troupe open at the Queensland Theatre to-night. The company numbers eighteen artists aud the orchestra nine solo performers. The en- tertainments given by this troupe in the other colonies have been so highly praised by the Press that the public may look forward to their per- formance as somethiug unusually attractive. A fdblic meeting ia aid of the Australasian Wesleyan foreign missions will be held in the Albert-street Church this evening, at 7.30 o'clock. An address will be delivered by the Rev. Geo. Brown, missionary from New Britain, at the close of which a collection will be made. A ivll report of the proceedings of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland has been printed and published by Messrs. Q-. and J. Black, of Edward-street, in pamphlet form ; and) in view of the great interest taken by members of the Church in the late sittings, the work will doubtless command a large circulation in Bris- bane as well as iu the country. THE weather for the forty-eight hours ended 3 p.m. yesterday was throughout the colony generally fine. Hawkwood and Camboon re- ported froBty ; in moat of the interior districts it was cold, and on the sea coast cloudy. The general direction of the wind varied from south- east to south-west. Sydney reported south-west wind and cloudy ; and Melbourne south-east wind and misty. In another column the National Association notify that entries of exhibits for the coming exhibitions in Brisbane and Sydney will close on Tuesday, 15 th July next. As the time ap- proaches, interest ia these two important events gradually increases, and, from records in the secretary's office, really important results may fairly be anticipated. We hope that on these occasions the Queensland agriculturists will come well to the front. The agricultural seeds forwarded to the National Association by the Japanese Minister of the Interior, per Mr. Wildash, are now avail- able for distribution to farmers and others de- sirous of proving their characteristics and value. The seeds comprise barley, wheat, rye, maize, millet (two kinds), soja bean (two kinds), pea (two kinds), all of which have been raised in different districts of Japan. The secretary will be happy to forward small trial quantities on application. In anticipation of the fifth annual general meoting of the members of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society, limited, to be held at the head office, Melbourne, on the 30th instanti the resident secretary for Queensland has been furnished with a telegraphic summary of the society's operations during the year ended 31st March. There were issued 2905 policies, against 23S8 during the previous year, assuring £770,300, agninBt £633,033 of year previous The year's business has increased the annual in- come from £18,007 8s. 6d. in March, 1878, to £70,090 in March, 1879, a progress which testifies to the general appreciation of the special advan" tages offered by this institution. The Registrar-General's report on the vital statistics of the registry district of Brisbane for the month of April is published in Saturday's Qovernmtnt Gazette. The births registered were seventy males and seventy-throe females, being eighteen in excess of the number registered the previous month, and eleven moro than the cor- responding month last year. During the month twenty-four males and nineteen females died, being tweutyone loss than in the previous month. The excess of births over deaths was 100. In the municipality 51*85 per cent of the deaths were of children under 5 years of age, and in the suburban parts of the district the rate was l8 75 per cent. The causes of death are classified as follow :-Zymotic diseases, 30 23 per cent ; con- stitutional diseases, 11*63 per cent ; local dis- oases, 32*56 per cent ; developmental diseases, 18*28 per cent. Three deaths were caused by accident, and one by suicide. It is the opinion of many down south that the climate of our western districts is unfavorable to the growth of fine wool, that its tendency is to render it not only coarse and open, but harsh in | consequence of the supply of yolk being con- siderably below that of wool grown on what is termed the " western Blopes." It might have been expected that a perusal of the London ac-' count sales would have dispelled any such idea, but as a matter of fact it exists. Nor need we be surprised that it should exist considering that no public opportunity has ever been offered of comparing our western wools with those grown in the favorite wool-producing districts. So for as our recollection serves us, none of the wools from the Western districts of Queensland have ever been exhibited at any metropolitan exhibi- tion in any of the colonies. The forthcoming Intercolonial Exhibition in Sydney will afford an excellent opportunity not only of comparison but of obtaining a valuable report on all wools exhibited, as the jurors wiU be composed of ex- perta selected from manufacturers and growers of all nations. It is to be hoped therefore that our western Bheepowners, in their own interests, will support the Intercolonial Exhibition com- missioners in their laudable endeavors to mako a really good display of wool from the western districts in January next. In order that no mis- apprehension may exist as to what is generally understood as wool from western districts, we may state that hitherto no wool grown west of Darling DownB has ever yet been entered for competition at any intercolonial show. Tuere waa a good muster, over 200 of all ranks, of the Metropolitan Battalion of the Rifles at the parade, hold on Saturday afternoon. The battalion having been formed up in column at the railway station, and a few preliminary move- ments gono through, tho men, headed by their excellent brass baud, were marched to South Brisbane. At this season of the year, the time for drill before dusk sets in being extremely limited, a course of instruction in skirmishing drill was promptly commenced, each man being furnished with five rounds of blank ammunition, and at tho close of which some volley firing and the manual exorcise were most creditably exe- cuted. With two exceptions, all the company officers wore present, and the men, who marched and drilled very Bteadily, presented an extremely smart appearance, in their new full dress. A word of praise is due to the excellent playing of some new marches by the band of the battalion, which in point of numbers-twenty-six in all-is the strongest iu the colony. At the close of the parade, Major Snelling announced that, as he was going ou leave of absence he would hold an inspection parade of the battalion and band next Thursday evening, at 8 o'clock, at the rail* way station. A TELEGRAM received by the Department of Justice on Saturday, and kindly placed at our disposal, states that at the Criminal Sittings of the Northern Supreme Court at Townsville, Joseph Mutter was found guilty of the murder of Maria Steffen, and sentenced to death ; Wil- liam Totten, charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm, was found not guilty. The ceremony of the profession and reception of Sisters of Mercy took place at St. Stephen's Cathedral yesterday, the former at the 9 o'clock mass, the latter at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Bishop O'Quinn officiated on both occasions. The Bishop celebrated mass, and during the mass received the profession of three choir sisters and two lay sisters, viz .-Miss Smyth, called in religion Sister Mary Lyra ; Miss McMullen, called in religion Sister Mary Murdoch ; Miss Ford, called in religion Sister Mary Donatus ; Miss Lynam, called in religion Sister M. Kyran (lay sister) ; Miss Cocoran, called in religion Sister M. Alteran (lay sister). A very large congrega- tion assembled in the afternoon to witness the reception, at which three sisters-Miss Jones, called in religion Sister M. Walburga ; Miss Bergin, called in religion Sister M. Eugenia ; Miss Murphy, called in religion Sister M. Assicus (lay sister)-were admitted as novices, and received the white veil. After the reception the Bishop addressed the congregation. He explained the nature of the work to which the Sisters of Mercy devote themselves-namely, the service of the sick, the poor, and the ignorant, and he congratulated the Catholics of Queensland on this fresh addition to the number of relgious teachers in the diocese. The Bishop was assisted by Fathers Ahern, Breen, O'Connell, and Canali. Mr. J. W. THOBrs favors us with the following interesting observations :-"Those of your readers whose avocations call them abroad in the small hours of the morning will have already noticed the daily narrowing distance between the planets now visible in the eastern sky-namely, Mars and Saturn. Those who are more fortunate might venture the chance of a cold chill to do so without being displeased with the result of their temerity. The view on the early morning of the 15th was particularly worth seeing, Mars had risen at 1.6 a.m., the moon at 1,25 a.m., and Saturn at 3,12 a.m., and about 4 30 a.m. the spectacle was more than brilliant-the moon shining with its cold steel-like look, Mars glaring with its ruddy glow, and Saturn sparkling with a beautiful pale Bea-green glitter, the three forming a triplet set of gemB in the first dawn of a crisp clear winter's morning. The gradual approach of these planets can be watched until, on the 30th June, the apparent distance between them will be a little over one minute of arc, an amount inappreciable to the naked eye. This conjunction will occur, as I have just stated, on the morning of the 30th of June. The planets will rise about midnight, and the nearest approach will be about thirty minutes post 5. The figures are expressed approximately for Brisbane time, from which local times for other places can be found with the aid of the tables given on page 32, ' Pugh's Almanac for 1879.' The moon will again be in their near vicinity on the morning of the 13th June. The conjunction will be utilised by those having instruments of precision for the purpose of correcting tables, &c;, and by amateurs for contrasting the colors of the two planeta. With regard to the aspect of the planets Mars and Saturn, Mars will present about seven-eighthB of his visible disc, and the openings in the rings of Saturn will be easily seen with a glass of low power." The following comments on the position of the Victorian Treasury, which will not be very satisfactory to Mr. Graham Berry on his return, aro extracted from the Australasian Tnsuranc and Banking Record of May 8 :-" Governmen drafts upon the banks have been large and rapid, and it is to be feared that Mr. Berry will be con- siderably disappointed on his return to the Trea- sury to discover the lavish way in which the loan fund has been attacked and scattored. , We look with apprehension to the next accounts which it will be Mr. Berry's duty to submit to Parliament, and to the probable penalty of in- creased taxation which is the inevitable conse- quence of administrative extravagance. The Go- vernment has, in round numbers, drawn against the £3,000,000 loan as followB :-For repayment of previous advance, £480,000 ; two sums of £500,000 each, out of which the Melbourne share- holders of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company would receive £300,000, and £600,000 to English shareholders in that company ; and the discount nnd commission on the loan at £100,000, which make a total of £2,180,000, leaving only a balance of £820,000 up to this time not drawn out. Now this amount cannot suffice to enable fulfilment of the promised large railway extension, nor pro- vide for the'eostly building works undertaken in Melbourne, nor the erection of numerous State schools, nor the various other items of popular expenditure which Ministers undertook should follow the successful tapping of the British, capitalist. ... It was surely the duty of Mr. Berry's colleagues to put some curb upon ¡their Treasury liberality and not increase the embarrassments which will encumber their chief upon the re-opening of the session." The same paper, ^writing respecting the late Victorian and New South Wales loans, saya :-" We do not de | sire to repeat now what might be justly said a to political causes unfavorably affecting our Vic- torian issue. We cannot refrain, however, from ' referring to the justification by comparative results of those, including ourselves, who strenuously advocated that Viotoria should not raise her rate of interest in the London market from 4 to 4J per cent. It is now seen that, had wo been fortunate enough to borrow at 4 per cent, and as well as our'neighbors, we might have received a capital sum of £17,250 more than we got. But this is a very small part of our colony's disadvantage. We invited a com- petent actuary to furnish us with a calculation of what the colony's loss really meant in the excess of tho J per cent interest we have con- tracted to pay for twenty-five years on £3,000,000. At the end of each year it is legi- timate to charge the £15,000 annual extra pay ment with interest year by year, say at 4 per cent. He informs us that the present value of £15,000 a year for twenty-five years is £234,331 ; and the sum which the same annuity will amount to is, at 4 per cent, £624,688. These sums represent the excess which Victoria has to pay for the same accommodation as New South Wales has obtained, and is partly due to the radical blunder made in voluntarily lowering the standard of our national credit, namely, a loss equal to £234,331 cash, equivalent to a pay- ment twenty.five years hence, when the loan matures, of £624,688 sterling." At the City Police Court on Saturday, before the police-magistrate, two drunkards were dis- charged, and a third was fined 20s., with the alternative of twenty-four hours' imprisonment. Mary Prudence was fined 5s., with the option of six hours' in the cells, for being drunk and dis- orderly, and 20s., with the option of twenty-four hours in tho cells, for making use of indecent lan- guage in a public street ; John "Ward, an old offender, was fined £2, with the alternative of fourteen days' imprisonment, for making use of obscene language in a public place ; and John Fisher, who pleaded guilty to having stolen a loaf of bread from the shop of William Hughes, Queen-street, was sentenced to forty-eight hours' imprisonment, without the option of a fine. 