The Storyteller. A RUSSIAN HERO ; OB Marko Tyre's Treason. .CHAPTER XIII. ' CATCHING A TARTAR !' Roda was not a little surprised by tlie advent upon the seene of CoL Dal in the manner related. She hid never given him credit, for being half so daring and capable, and still less for being eo reck less of conseauences. Her first sentiment was one of depp and scornful anger, as she glanced after the struggling mass presented by the horses, the carriage and her attendants — the great wooden body of the vehicle floating like a boat—as the swift current of the river swept ilietn away down stream, but her confidence iu herself and servants enabled her to retain her entire self-possession. ' £ don't wish to resort to violence, Miss Roda,' pursued Dal, ' but you must not be noisy. No screaming — no resistance or you will force me to resort to very serious measures !' How scornfully the clear eyes of Roda i flashed defiance upon him. ' And is this the man that was lately | recommended to me by the great Gather- 1 ine 1' she exclaimed with withering contempt, ' Could anything be a finer ; commentary upon her majesty's letter to me than this vile conduct i' 'All is fair in love as in war, Miss Ghradowsky/' returned Dal, lightly, ' and I have no doubt that the empress will justify the lengths to which I have been carried by the ardor of my passions.' ' I think you do her majesty injustice,' declared Rod a. 'That remains to be seen. Meanwhile, you say that I am your prisoner.' ' Yes. As I am not the man to give you up, I naturally thought it about time for high handed measures.' ' All that is a matter of taste, or of the want of taste.' Raid Roda. stnntJ rul- ing to watch the struggling mass in the river aud noting with great joy that .a couple of boats were pushing off to the rescue. ' I only want to see my way a little into your projeets. You discovered that I was making this journey — ' ' Easily enough ! I had my spies on the watch near your residence — ' ' A couple of men on horseback, for instance ?' ' Oh, yes,' admitted Dal, with a laugh, ' You noticed they pursued you ?' ' And these same men; or others like them, frightened 'my horses?' Col. Dal nodded. ' That ditch, too, in which your carriage stuck was my invention,' he said. ' But suppose I had been killed by the runaway ?'! ' Oh, there was no danger of that. There's too much mud around us.' ' Or suppose mv driver had been able to control my horses ' liven that was provided for. I had in view other proceedings.' No language can do justice to the scorn these avowals of infamy awakened in the soul of Roda against the unscru pulous villain. ' One word more,' she said, 'since you are so frankly jubilant over your supposed victory. You intended that all my attendants should perish, and that I should be supposed to have been drowned by the ' accident' you have so heartlessly occasioned ?' ''Certanly, certainly. But I am wasting vaiuable time. I have a carriage in waiting to carry you away — No outiry, no resistance. Come I' 'I am not coming, you will find. Keep your distance, sir. Hands off! Don't raise your hand against me or you die !' A richly mounted pistol flashed in the moonlight, its muzzle covering the heart of Dal, and vibrating tu his every movement. He recoiled in a rage as great as his amazement. ' While listening to your puling infamies,' resumed Roda, ' I have kept my eyes upon my people, and I see they are a 1 being rescued. You may not be aware of the fact, that every man and woman of tbem can swim like a fish, and I liave trained them all especially just for such an occasion as the present. TJiejr will all reach the shore in safety, and within five minutes will rally around me, ready at the least command to clip your worthless head from oil your shoulders. Stand back, sir ! I am goins down the bank of tbe river to meet thera.' The feelings of Dal underwent a decided revulsion at these unexpected developments. It dawned upon his soul : that he had not been half so effective as bis eager hopes had promised. Indeed, i the captive was not at all at his mercy. He did not dare to lay a finger on her, ; or even place himself in her path. In a word, he suddenly found that he had not \ done full justice to either her sense or her courage. Holding her weapon ready for action, the undaunted girl moved rapidly in tbe direction she had indicated, continuing to keep her eyes fixed upon the exciting | seene transpiring upon the river. She saw that Stolbi had cut the horses clear from the carriage, that Mrs. Pleffsky and Mouska had been picked up by two boatmen wbo had so unexpectedly pre sented themselves, that even the footmen and the postilion had saved themselves by clinging to the horses, and that the entire group of endangered persons and animals were now making the bank in safety, not more, than a hundred yards below the bridge. In fact, the whole ' disaster' had failed of its intended purpose. Beyond a simple scare and wetting, the attend- ' ants of our beroine were as ready for ; service as ever. ' I Bee that I have ' r ;ck -ned without 1 mine host, Miss Gradowsky,' said Col. Dal, who had turned pale with mortifica tion and rage, as he saw how decidedly the affair had failed to respond to his ex pectations. ' But you will find that I am not the powerless fool you imagine. It is clear that I am none the less master. Since actual force is necessary, you shall see that I am prepared for a pitch battle.' He placed a whistle to his lips and blew upon it violently. In quick response to this signal, several men started up from bushes and hiding-places in tbe immediate vicinity, and came swarming around him. ' Oh, very well,'' commented Roda, coolly. ' Since you want a fight you shall have one !' She did not pause or turn aside, but continued to advance towards the spot at which her attendants were now in the act of effecting a landing. By the time she had reached the scene, they were all in safety upon the bank of the river. Even the horses had been saved. 'I see that we can afford to be generous,' said Roda, with icy scorn, as she advanced towards Dal, who, at tbe head of his ruffians, bad followed lier menacingly. ' Leave me alone, Col Dal and you may go your ways in* peace. I have no time to waste upon you. Take yourself off, and be careful to give us a wide berth hereafter!' Dal sneered insolently. Be had re covered his equanimity. ' I set out to capture you, and I will,' he responded. ' Your blood be upon your own bead, if you dare to offer re sistance ! Seize her, men 1' His 8orfs advanced in a body. ' Oh, that is your mood, is it ?' cried Roda. ' You'll find your serious calcula tions subject to serious drawbacks. For instance — ' She had presented a double-barrelled pistol in each hand while speaking, and she now commenced firing rapidly? Her first shut was at the nearest serf who, at a nod from his uiastar, was ad vancing to seize her. He fell stone dead, with a ball through his brain. The second shot traversed one of the legs of CoL Dal, 'bringing him to the ground, where he lay helpless aud cursing. But if the serfs of Dal bad been prompt to make a forward movement, they did not dire to fire upon Roda, or attempt to lay hands upon her, iu face of the telling assistance of Stolbi, who had drawn a weapon similar to those Roda had presented, and placed himself between his mistress and her assailants. ' Seize her 1 Curse you !' yelled Dal. The serfs advanced again in a bod v, but halted, crowding behind one another, as they saw the falal weapons of our heroine covering them. ?' Not astep further men !' commanded Roda, with a quiet firmness that com pared singularly with the excited cries Dal was still bellowing. ' At the least further sign of violence you die.' This attitude had strengthened that of Stolbi, With his revered young mistress setting him such an example, he would have willingly confronted tbe mouth of a cannon. ' Now for the two nearest horses, Stolbi,' whispered Roda in the ears of her driver. ' You and I must escape down the river. Secure the horses. I will cover our retreat.' Stolbi not only comprehended the possibility of this movement, but he was as quick as a flash to enter upon it. One of the serfs of Dal was busy with his master, another with their dead companion, and the rest were in a semi demoralized condition. It was a^ moment therefore, for a daring and vigorous measure. Firm of foot and mien, with death in her glance, Roda held at hay the serfs of her unwelcome admirer, preventing them from flanking her position, until Stolbi had secured the two horses in question. Then she retreated rapidly in the same direction, occasionally pausing to menace and check the pursuers. ' Curse you, fools I' cried Dal to his serfs. ' Are you going to allow her to escape 1 Fire upon her ! kill the horses !' The words produced a desperate rush on the part of the assailants, but Roda turned, ^ with quiet fury, and resumed firing, discharging the remaining barrels of her pistols with deadly effect, the two foremost of her pursuers falling dead in their tracks. A third was killed by one of the two shots that Stolbi instantly added to those of his mistress. In an instant, of course, the pursuitwas checked, the pu bums being consternated and thtown into the greatest confusion. ' Now is our time, Stolbi,' breathed Roda, as she to ib the bridle of one of the horses from his hand. ' Away !' Using the knee of her ready servitor for a step, she lepded into the saddle, and dashed away towards the capital. She was closely followed by Stolbi. ' Give thera your Cossack yell of defiance,' cried Roda. Tlie gallant fellow obeyed with a will. Only groans and confused ories re sponded ' When Col. Dal next makes war upon up,' be will count the cost. Forward, Stolbi !' They rode like tbe wind ! The rage with which Col. Dal looked after jtbe couple #as equalled only by his astonishment. A survey of tbe dead serfs Roda had left' behind her nai quite sufficient to complete his misery. ' Who would bave believed her capable of snch ferocity ?' he mattered. ' A timid, shrinking girl, busy with her flowers and embroideries ! I still seem to be dreaming — or should, if it were not for this infernal wound in my leg. When is that dootoraoming?' The question was answered, after a few minutes of wretchedness, by the appearanoe of tbe physician in person. He bad been sent for in all baste to his summer residence, wbioh was fortunately close at hand, Ool. Dal being too badly terrified with his wouud, which had bled profusely, to stir from the field of strife until the injury bad received attention. ' You seem to bave bad a regular battle here, Ool. Dal,' was the greeting of the doctor, bb he surveyed the sufferer and tbe soene around him. There are killed, wounded, and missing!' ' And I shall be glad to know to wbiob category 1 belong, Dr. Paskoff,' said Dal, assuming as obeerful an air as possible. ' Hold your lanterns, some of you !' 'What's tbe trouble ?'* asked Pap ft off, rolling up his sl- eras at tlie sign of so much blood. ' An irruption of Tar tars ?'* 'No, sir, it's tbe oatobinsr of a Tartar that aila me,' groaned Dal, winoing at the doctor's touch as tnai worthy began bis examination r»f tbe injured leg. ' As soon aB you have done all you ean, Dootor, to repair the damages oansed by the battle, 1 will tell you how the battle was fought.' Dr. FaskoS was a man of sense and learning, as welt as of great standing and reputation, ana lie very quietly made a diagonist of tbe injury. ' A close call, Colonel Dal,' be re ported. ' A slight chauge in tbe oourse of tbe bullet would bave been fatal. As it is, tbe wound is not dangerous. Yon will bave to keep quiet a few days, and care muBt be taken against inflam mation and fever. Let some of your people take yon borne on a stretcbar as soon and carefully as possible. If you ? ehoose, you can tell me all about tbe difficulty when I see yoti in tbe morning. But you will do better to say nothing, as the whole business is likely to be a subject of judicial investigation, if there is auy virtue in dead men !' Dal did not reply. He had all he could do to keep from groaning as Dr. Paskoff proceeded with necessary firm ness to dress tbe wound. By tlie time ! the task was completed a stretcher had been improvised by the surviving serfs, aud no time was. lost in acting upon tlie physician's advice to remove the patient to his residence. Despite all the care that could be ex- ^ ercised the villain received many a pain ful iolt and wrench before lis reached the residence of his aunt, the Countess Sabielin, although more than an hour was consumed on the journey, lint the anguish of his body was as nothing to the anguish of his. soul. ' Oh, I'll be revenged for this night's work, ' he kept saying to himself. ' That girl will certainly see trouble !' The defeated man bad grown, as di'sperate and dangerous as. a young wolf !'' CHAPTER XIV. A BOLD- CONSPIRACY. The emotions with which Gten. Gra dowsky,. in tbe character of the old money-lender, recognised in bis visitress the Countess Sabielin, were- of a nature to defy record or expression* As we shall see in due course, the countess had been the one great curse of the general's existence. JFora moment, therefore, as the startled man recoiled before the astounding visi tation, he had all be could do to prevent himself from the betrayal of his identity. Fortunately the light the thieves had left behind them, was far from, brilliant, andthe general lost no time( after saluting the countess, in seating her and her male attendant, with their faces to. the light and their backs to the deadi body of Misdrek, while he himself dropped into a chair in such a position that his tace re mained in the shadow. The consciousness, of- these- favoring circumstances, in connection with, the sentiments of curiosity that at once invaded his soul as to why. tho- countess had sought tlie Jew's presence,, very, promptly contributed to the restoration, of Gmdowsky's calmness.. By the time she had raised her veil and. made herself comfortable, he indicated; by. a. humble bo» lie was ready .for business. ' You are surprised to see me here, no doubt, good Misdrek,' said, the countess, bjr way. of.a.begiuning.. The supposed Misdrek shook his head, as he slipped unseen a couple of silver coins into his mouth. ' Like the great majority of my customers,' he said, in a voice that the presence of the coins into his mouth com pletely disguised, ' you come to me for money, I Buppose V ' To be sure, good Misdrek, but I meant that you are surprised, no doubt, to see that a lady reputed so wealthy is in need of money ?' ' It is a world of wonderful changes and mutations,' oltserved Gradowsky, as politely as possible, ho having detected on the part of his visitress a desire to ooncilinte and interest him. ' I oannot say that I am greatly surprised at any financial vicissitudes that oomes before i mf-. The money-lender, you know, ! Countess Sabielin, bas occasion to note i so many reverses and distresses in money matters that they soon cease to present any novelty to him.' 'Iam glad to find myself thus easily gliding into an understanding with you, good Misdrek, 'said thooountess, drawing her chair a little nearer to that oecupied by Giadowsky. 'I want money — a great deal of money — and my thoughts have naturally turned to you as one who ' can let me have it — ' ' That is a formality of soirnd business, Countess, from which a money-lender will not lightly depart,' said Gradowsky,. as she paused in thoughtful hesitancy ' I will say at once, therefore,' re- , sumed the countess, ' that the best of ' my estates are largely hypothecated already^ but that there is a liberal margin for the loan I desire, if they all are ?handled together.' ; 'That can only appear upon due in ' vesfigation, Countess,' observed Gradow sky, desirous of playing properly the character he had assumed. ' How much money do- you want ?' * ' One hundred thousand roubles I' The supposed money-lender made a gesture of profound and' regretful astonish ment. ' A hundred thousand roubles, is a large, a very large sum, to obtain upon estates already largely hypothecated,' he declared. ' Nevertheless, if the value is actually at the basis of the transaction, there can be no great difficulty in obtain ing the- money.. Who. have you applied to already ?' ' To none save yonrself, sir ! You can, of course, furnish even the large amount named, if tlie securities are ample ?'' As the visitress asked this question, a curious glance escaped her,, as if there was some motive underlying the question that was not yet apparent. 'I dare say I could, Countess,'' answered Gradowsky, as he asked him self tbe meaning of the- singular scrutiny 1 he had remarked. ' Have you brought your papers with you '-No, sin My present visit is rather preliminary than any definitive; Indeed', I theught youi might be willing to ride out to my palace and' take a look at the : documents there, the- more especially as I ?also wish to. pledge- with you- the entire collections of diamonds. I believe you are aware of the commanding.character of my jewels.' Certainly, Countess — who- is- not 7 But what did I understand you to say? That you. wish me to ride out to your palace to see your papers and jewels ?' ' If you will bo- so. kind; sir; My car riage shall bring you back immediately — and this step seemed to- me more sensible aud cautious than to- bring the diamonds with me.' The supposed Jtew heaved1 a low and profound sigh of relief as he reached a fulL comprehension of the proposition which had just been laid before him. His entire soul was in a whirl of agitation. Had the Countess Sabielin been, sent there providentially to- assist him in making his escape 1 There- was little doubt that Grousky or some- other minion of the police was on tho watch, but was it not possible that ho might slip, away unseen in the lady's company T ' It is probable that you- have acted with; prudence, Countess,' he hastened to say, ' but I think you, wilLadmit that you have suggested to me a measure that few money-lenders would caro to accopt. If I go with you, who is to care for my house in my abscnce ?'' ' Why, your clerks — or your family, of ponrse 1' ' To. be sure, that is the way tho thought would naturally strike you,' ad mitted- Gradowsky, who already had too keen a sense of the capabilities of the countess to be entirely at ease with her, much, less tell her how lonely and helpless he was. At the same time, I am al- j ways anxious to oblige a lady. As I have been confined a great deal lately, it would, of course, do me good to take tho air. Who is your attendant ?' 'He is Dr. Miskct, our family physi cian. Pardon my neglect in not intro ducing him to you sooner The general took a good look at Dr. Misket,' without betraying the fact, after gravely saluting him, and again he had occasion to exercise that self-control for which he had always been remarkable. For he at once recognised the pretended physician as one of the lady's serfs, a fel low named BerefEsky, who was reputed one of the very worst miscreants in the large numbgr of miscreants she always had hanging about her,' in readiness for anyi villainy she might direct them to ac complish. The discovery of this attempted' inv position was naturally suggestive- Tlie general took another good look alike at the lady and at her attendant.. Tlie latter was a man- of middle age, but his entire frame would have been a study for a sculpior. Without being large, he was herculean, the muscles standing out upon his arme in-such a way as to suggest that he would be a terrible adversary to encounter: ' After what I have said', good Mis drek,' resumed the Countess S'abielin, in a voice that was suspiciously affable, 'you will not be surprised to hear that : my pressing demands for money will oblige me to accept any sum you are dis- : posed to- loan me upon my diamonds. As their actual value, however, is not far from two hundred thousand roub es, I : presume you will not hesitate to loan me : one quarter of that sum upon them. At ? any rate, I have madfe up my mind to ask you to take this sum into the carriage with us, with the unders anding that the diamonds shall return with you, and that I will pay the usual interest for the ac commodation. To guard the cash one way and the jewe lery the other, is the object of Dr. Misket's presence.' ' You seem to dispose of me, Countess, about as you please,' said Gradowsky, as he arose and- walked to one of the rear windows looking out into the street, without allowing bis visitor to obtain a view of his face. 'But I am, neverthe less, inclined to accede to your wishes, with a considerable modification, namely, that I have only about thirty thousand roubles under my hand at this moment.' ' That will make no great difference, good Misdrek,' said the countess, with a sigh. ' The balance will answer later.' ' I will consider the matter, then, and soon give you my answer.' Even as-he made tills- remark the eyes of Gradowsky detected the presence- of the man — who had been placed on the watch, over the premises- — of Grousky. There he was, leaning against a. door on the opposite side of the street, and intently watching the lady's carriage,. Again the general reflected rapidly. As he had suspected during the whole interview, this uiiaioa of the police was attentive to all that was passing.. ' There have been thieves around the house two or three nights in succession, Countess,' saidi the general, ' and I see that one of these disagreeable intruders is now standing opposite with the evident intention of spying oat our proceedings.. Perhaps I had- better scare him away.' The resolution of Gradowsky was now fully taken. Notwithstanding his recog nition of tbe fact that there was some-, thing mis&rious-and; eren, sinisterin,the gresence and proposition, of the countess, he was equally sure- that he was gravely menaced with. a. restoration of his old quarters. In a, word) he saw the neces sity of improving the opportunity that was affordfid1 him of leaving the city. ' I mu6t write a. brief note to a friend} ' Countess,' he said, ' and then 1 will give you my decision !' He wrote a few lines to- Marko, report ing the discovery that the house was under police surveillance, narrating the particulars of the interview that had just taken place, and [informing him. that ' further information would doubtless soon he conveyed to him through the person he esteemed the most. Of course there was neither address or signature to'this letter, but it was quite sufficient to give Marko an idea of the situation if he should re turn to tho- house in. the course of the ; nielit. 'And now to. scare-away the- intruder, to whom I alluded, Countess,' said: the general, as he arose and took his way to the door. ' I think I can give him a hint that will be sufficient Stepping boldly out into the porch, the general called the name of tho watcher softly. ' What do. you want ?' asked Grousky, a little uncertain from which direction- the voice reached him. ' Step here a moment — to the porch 1' requested- Gradowsky. ' I've a word, to say to you 1' The policeman crossed the street slowly,, staring at Sradowsky as if he had seen- at ghost. ' You see that I am- not dead) Grousky, as you and your three friends- supposed,'' said the generqj, ' and what Ihove learned' of you indices me toask- of yaw a favor. I am going out for a-call, and I want you' to»watch- the house in- my absence.. Tell your friends when they come- back) that, there- is- danger' ahead) and: send them' away.. If you will act thus in- my interest, I will' give- you ten thousand! roubles when I- see- you again — provided1 yottkecp my absence a. secret, and remain, entirely silent as. to-everything you have seen or heard since you came here 1' 'Ten thousand roubles?' whispered1 Grousky, his eyes aflame with eagerness. ' Yes* leu thousand roubles ' It is more than I would makeother wise in - ten years, Misdrek. I am the man for your money — a living coffin, with, the head screwed on! Go about your business, oldinan, and hare no -anxiety whatever.'' He saluted, and returned, to his post. The general returned to his visitors. 'It seems the rascal is accessible to.' reason,' he reported. ' I have engaged him to pi'otect me against his associates, and have little doubt that he will take ground against them, as promised. I will now secure the money I happen fay have by me, and the sooner we are off- the better.'' ' It is well,' returned the countess, with a. sigh ©f relief. ' How rapidly time passes I It is late already.' Drawing from one of his pockets the' lieys which had belonged to Misdrek, the general stepped into the front room, or principal office of the money-lender, where' he lighted a candle. Opening, a strong, box, he supplied himself liberally with, money, chiefly in paper, for the sake of convenience, and carefully locked tbe box again.. ' Now, what is- her game?' he asked, . as he looked in the direction of the countess and listened. ' Heaven only knows ! Be her game what it may, however, I. can do no.' less than ride away with her. From her house it wili he easy for me to make - my way to my owm Oh I Roda, my dar ling, I shall soon be with you 1' Seizing, a bag of copper coins as a» representative of the thirty thousand ?roubles he had just stowed away upon his person, the general ex;inguished his light, muffled his features and person, as if making ready for his journey, and re turned to the countess and her sinister attendant. ' I am all ready,' he said. ' Let us be ? offl' A minute-later they had all entered the lady's carriage, and were rapidly leaving the house of the- mouey-lendcr behind them.. ' The thing is done, you see,' whispered' the countess., to her attendant. 'The- greedy old fool has tumbled into our trap. . We have him !'' (To be continued.) Tra-following curious adveriisemen'J,;f: a birth lately appeared in tbe Wellington Post'i, — ' On the 18th February, at W-ainni-o-mata, the wife of D. Sinclair,, -of twin daughters all well; father delighted.^'' There is no accounting for' -ta6te. An extraordinary scene was witnessed.' in one of the Dundee churches. Just before tbe opening of tbe service a re spectably dressed man took his seat in tbe galleay. and almost immediately. began whistling ' Tbe Last Hose of Summer.'.' The members of tbe con gregation were astonisbed at the singular behaviour of tbe performer,, and-' few could retain from laughing when- he subsequently struck up ' Jeannie'a Bawbee, ' walking baokwards and for wards- along tbe passage as he whistled.. W-heni the minister had given, out his opening, psalm tbe musioian- suddenly stopped whistling and began fumbling in bis pockets. To tbe amazement of those who were watching bis movements, be pulled a merschaumpipe from his pocket, and striking a match, on the wall evidently intended to. have a smoke. The minister observing what bad taken place, asked someone to remove tbe dis turber, and this was accomplished with out further annoyance,. 