COURSING. MR. JOSEPH MACK'S COURSING BERRY BANK STAKES. For 32 all-aged greyhounds at L2 2s, winner, Ll7 ; runners up, L10; 2 dogs L6 ; 4 dogs, L4; 8 dogs, Ll 10s 6d. Hon. Judge. Mr. J. M'Laughlin; Slipper, J.Anderson; Hon. Sec. Mr. Whicher. Mr. D'Arcy's Queen Maud beat Mr. Young- husband's Seaweed. Mr. Crowe's Bertha beat Mr. Haig's Blue Belle. Mr. Purdie's Logic beat Mr. M'Callum's Wick. Mr. Farrell's Peeler beat Mr. Taggart's Blue Light. Mr.Mann's Pluto beat Smithwick's Spring- bok. Mr. Dove's Briseis beat Mr. Kidd's Comet . Mr. M'Lean's Bounce beat Mr. Smith's Sandy. Mr. Morey's Venus beat Mr. Halley's Hope. Mr.Rowland's Beeswing beat Mr. Gor- don's; Bruce. Mr. Carr's Fairy beat Mr. Dobson's Jew ish Queen. Mr. Walford's Barmaid beat Mr. Dodd's Jessie Bothan. Mr, Peter's Clio beat Mr. M'Callum's Gipsy. Mr. Eyre's Miss T beat Anderson's Trap. Mr. Hewitt's King, of Trumps beat Mr. Whicher's Ratter Mr. Spiken's First King beat Mr. M'Coll's Ivanhoe. Mr. Howarth's Fly beat Mr. Hall's Don Juan. II. Queen Maud beat Bertha. Peeler beat Logic. Pluto beat Briseis. Bounce beat Venus. Beeswing beat Fairy. Barmaid beat Clio. King of Trumps beat Miss T. First King beat Fly. III. Peeler beat Queen Maud. Bounce beat Pluto. Beeswing beat Barmaid. King of Trumps beat First King. IV. Peeler beat Bounce. Beeswing beat First King V. Mr. Rowland's Beeswing,by Rocket —Miss Barwon, beat Mr. Farrell's Peeler, by King Lud - Mag, and won the stakes. The meeting, which has been looked forward to for some time, came off with great success at Berry Bank on Friday and Saturday last, and both the sport and the weather were all that the most inveterate sportsmen could desire to enjoy. The attendance was very large, there being not less than two hundred on the ground, and a fair sprinkling of the fair sex. Great praise is due to Mr. and Mrs. Mack,for the kind hospitality shown to their numerous visitors, and all separated thoroughly pleased with their visit to Berry Bank. The dogs were of a very superior class, particularly Beeswing, Peeler, Bounce, First King, Clio, Barmaid, and Queen Maud. The winner, Beeswing, was trained by Mr. Rolands, of Balarat, and is the property of Mr. Dobson, of Lear mont. She had the good luck to be slipped, to a hare about two hundred yards away, and immediately unsighted, while Peeler took up the running and ran a gruelling course for about four miles by himself, so that when sent away again he very soon caved in, and was easily beaten by 22 points. He is a good dog, and ran all his courses in grand style. He is the property of Mr. Farrell, of Scarsdale. Of the local dogs,Clio ran a grand course against Gipsy and beat her pointless. Gipsy was the third best dog last season, and was in fine form on Friday, but she never hadf a ghost of a chance with her opponent. Clio and Barmaid were sent to a perfect demon of a hare on Saturday, but it was soon seen that there was something amiss with the former, as she appeared to be all out in her working. When picked up, it was found that she had a toe broken, as well as a deep gash on the sole of the foot - such are the chances of coursing. Springbok was brought out in rare form, and had the misfortune to be slipped to a regular quarry - to a rabbit - the slipper mistaking it for a hare, again to a no course, arid finally amongst boulders. His opponent had 8 points scored before he got a chance, but the moment the hare got to clear ground, he put on all sail and gave Pluto a clean go-bye, turned and wrenched, and kept possession until the hare was lost in long grass and was only beaten by one point. A better judge than Mr. M'Laughlin could not be found: he gave universal satisfaction, and not even a murmur was heard against his numerous decisions. He is a perfect horseman, and rides to the dogs in grand style. The slipper, Anderson, slipped well, and carried out his instructions very carefully - long slips being the order of the day, so as to give the hares every chance, of which they certainty availed themselves, there being only eight killed during the two days. Immediately after the last course, Dr. Hudson, of Ballarat, proposed the health of Mr. Mack in a few well chosen re- marks. This gentleman called for three cheers for the squire of Berry Bank, which were heartily responded to. Messrs. Smithwick, Brind, and Farrell, did simi- lar honors to the Judge, Slipper, and Secretary, which brought the Berry Bank coursing party to a happy and pleasant termination. 