SYDNEY EXHIBITION PRIZE POEfliM (By Eleotuio Telegraph.— From our Own ... Correspondent. ) ? ' r SYDNEY, Thia 'THE SYDNEY INTtfRNAJlONiVCi EX3IBI. 3ION." . . . ITotf, wbilo Orion, flaming south, doth sot A shltiug foot.on lillla of ind and wot ; , Far haughty hills beyond tho fountains cold And dells of glimniorlnggr-'QnncH3 manifold ; WMIo August slags tho advent of tho spring, And lu tho calm is hor<l Suptombor's ring, Tho lordly volco of song I auk of 'heo, Bigh deathless radUuc, crooned Calli ipo I What though we ntvorhear tho groat Clod's Iajs, Which made nil music th>> Hellenic d s ; What though tho f&uo; of thy. /uir llcavon boaxs Stili only on tho crystal Grociin streams ; What though a sky of nw string) Imuty shlnos, Wkoro no whit » Dryad slngj within the plocs ; Hero 1b a land whose 1 «rgo Imperial Oraco, Must tompt theo, goddos, in thine holy placo ! Hero aro tho dolls of poaco and plonituno, Tho lillls of m .ruing, and tho si »ps of noon j Boro are tho waters dear to d «ya of bluo. And d-rk glean hollows of Liu noontido dew; Horo lies tbe harp by fragrant woodwinds fanned, That .waits the coining of. thy quickening hand ! And shall Australia, framed and fet iu soa, August with glory, wait in v..lu for thoo? SIull more thanTempd1 beauty bo unsung, Becauao its shioo ia string 2 — Its colours young? No ( By the full, livo light which purs to shamo The far, fair tplcndours of rtusadim fUmo; By yonder forest psalm, which sinks and swolls Liko that of Phoclv, griva with orauics; By deep prophotic winds, that come and go, Where whleporing springs of p inuring mountalus fl w ; By lute-Ul<o leaves, 'and many languagod oavos, Whoro sounds tho strong Hosinna of ths wav.s— 1 ilia groat new m jsty ah all not remain Unhonorod by tho high Immortal strain J Soon, soon tho muslcof the Southern lyre Shall start and bloss »m with a gpocch-Ilko flro ! Soon, coon shall flower and flow in flame dlvino Thy songa Apollo, an 1 Eutorpe thl jo I Strong shining son) of Delphicus shall rlso With all tholr fath' r'a glory In their eyosi And thon shall beam on yonder slopes and sprlbgS, Tho light that swims upon tho light of things, And, thoroforo, lingering in a land of lawn, I, standing hero, a slngor of tho dawn, . Withgazo upturned to whero wm summits Ho Against tho inornii.g flowing up tho sky, Whose oyes, in dromn of many colors seo A gliltoring vision.of tho yoars to bo, Do ask of thee, Caillopo, ono hour Of lifo, pre-eminont with parfcct'power, That I may leave a song, whoso lonely rays Hay Bblno%ereaftor from thtao aongloss days. For now thero breaks across tho faint groy range, 1 ho rose red dawning of a radiant change; A soft swoot volco Is in tho valley deep, Whero darkness droops aud sings Itaolf to sloop, The grave mute oods that jot tho ailcnco hold, Of dim, dead agos, gleam with hints of gold, Yon Eostorn Cape, that moots tko straltonod wave, A twofold towor abvvo tho whistling cavo, Whose atrong.h In thunder ehlclus th gentlo lea, Aud makes a whit wrath of a lo'gaa of soa, Now wears tho face of Poaco, and in tho Bay The weak, spent volco of-wlator dies away. In overy dell thero is a whlspo lng wing ; 111 tst cry inwu u guiuuiur ui i»uu nj>nii£. By ovory hill aro growths of touiler grocn ; On overy slope a fair now life is seo | And lo ! benea h tho morning's bloisom'ng fire?, The shining city of a hundred spires ! In mists of gold by ciuntIo?a havens furlod, And glad with 11 tho fl igs of all tho world ! Those aro tho shores whero, In a dr.am of fear, Cathay saw darkness dwelling half tho year (I) Theso Md the coast thit old fallacious talos (halnod down with Icq and ringed with slooplosd gahs ! This Is the land that In tho hour of awe From Indian peaks tho rapt Vcnotlan Baw ! (2) Here is the long gray line of strango soa wall That checked tho prowof tho audacious Gaul, What time ho st-ered t twardt) the southern aaow, . From Zono to Zone four hundr< d yoais ago S (3) By yonder gulf wh 'so marching waters meet Tho nlno dark curr- nts from tho isles of Heat. Etrong sons of Europe, in a far dim year; ' Faced gbasHy foos, and felt the alien spear I . Tilers, in n latordtwn, by Bhtpless waves, The toudor grasses found forgotten graves. (4) Far 1/a tho west, boyond these hills subl'mo, Dirk Hartog anohorcU \a tho oiuon lliuu. There, by a wild faced b%y, and In a cloft, His shining narao the fair-haired Northman loft. (C) And on thoso broad, imporial wators, far Boneath the lordly occidental star, Sailed Tasman, down a great and glowlngspaco Whose softer lights woro Uko his ladys' faco. In dream of her ho roved from Zono to Zone, And gavo hor4 lovoly namo to coasts unknown ; And saw lu strcamlug sunsot everywhere The curious boauty of her goldon hair: (0) By flaming tracts cl tropic uftornoon, Wheru, in low hoavens, hang3 a fourfold moon ; Hero on tho tides of a resplendent year, By Capes of Jasper, came the buicaooor. (7) Z hen, then, the wild men, fljing from tho hoach, First heard tho clear, bold sounds of English spOOOh ; And then first fell across a Southern plain Tho broad, strong shadows ' f a Sax n train. Near yonder wail of stately rliff, that braves Tho atroganco of congregated waves 3 he daring son of gray old Yorkshire stood, And dreamed in a majodtlc solitude, What timo a gentio April shed Its showers Aflarao with Bunsct on tho bty of floffors. The noble eeanun, whi withhold tho hand, Aud spared the Hector of his native land ; Tboslnglo savage yelling on the beach ; Tho dark strango curses of barbaric flj oech. Exalted sailor ! whoso benignant pralje, Shines, full of boauty, in theso latter days, Who mot tho naked tribes of fiery rkio With groat dlvino compassion in his oyos, Who died, liko Him 1 f hoary Nazarfth, That death august— tho radiant martyr's death; Who In the last hou Blnwed tho Chrisilau faco, Whoso crnmbling beauty shamed tho alien race. In peace he sleeps, whero deep, ot innl calms Lie round the lauds of heavy fruitod pilms Lo ! In that doll bobhul n singing bar, Whero deep pure pools of glittering waters aro, Beyond a mossy yellow gU-aming glade, The I st ofForby Sutherland was laid: The bluo eyed Saxon, from tho hills of snow, Who fell aBlcop a hundred yovs ago ! ' In fiowerful shado, whero gold and groon aro rlfo, BtUl icata tho slioll of his forgotten li/o. Far. far away, bonoatnsomo normorn sky, Tho fathers ol his humblo housoluld lio, But by his loroly grave are sapphiro streams And gracious woodlands where tho firefly gleams, And ever comes acoBS a sllvor lea, Tho Hymn subllmo of tho E'ornal Sea. On that bold hill agaiust a broad blue stronm, Stood Arthur Phillip in a day of dream. What timo tho mists of morning westward rolled, And Heaven ftowored on a bay of gold I Hero, In tho hour that shines and goun '8 afar, Fiamed first old England's banner like a star. Ilcro, in a tlrao, august «vith pray or and praise, Was born tho natiun of theso splendid days. And hero this land's majostlc yesterday Of Immomo.ial silonco, died away- Whero are tho woods, that, ninoty summers back, Stood, hoar wit!) ages, by tho water track 1 Whoro aro tho vol oya of tbo flashing wing, Tho dim, groon mnrgics, and tho glimmering spring Whero now tha warrior of the forost rsco, His glaring war- paint, and hiB fearless fac; ? Tho banks of April aud tbo grovoj of Bird, Tiio glades of silcnco and tha pools unstirred, Tbo glotra'ng savsgo acd tho whistling spear ? PeBscd w 1th the passing of a wild old year ! A slrglo torrent singing by tho wavo, A shadowy relic In a mouutaln cave, A ghost of flro In Immemorial hills, Tho whittled trco by foldod way-ido rllis, The call 0! b.rd that hidos in hollows far Whoro feet of thunder, wings of winter, aro— Of all that past, theso wrveks of wind and rain, These touching memories, ttnso alone remain, What sun is this that bos ma and broadens west? What wondor till, in doathlos glory drcssod? What atratgo, sweet harp, of highostgold toot fiamo, And gavo this Troy Its lifo, its light, its namo? What awful lyro of marvellous poworund rango Upraised this llion, wrought this dazzling chango? No shlnlug slngor, of Ilellonio dreams, . Sot yonder splon 'our by tho morning streams ) No god who glimmers in a doubtful sphere Shed rlory thoro, created boauty hero I j jThla is tho a'ty that our fathers from 3d, l j Theso aro tho croaccnta by tho Elders named.! Tl 0 human hand of strong horolc men Broke tWn tho mountain, filled thogiplng glon, : Han streets through swamp, built banks against the foam, And bent tho arch, and raised tho lordly domo I Hero aro tho towers that tho founders made I Hero aro tho tommies wherr thoao Romans prayed ? Horo stand .the courts in wh! rh their leaders mot ? Hero are their hoinos, aud horo thoir altars yet 7 ; Hero sleep tho good old mon, whoso Hvoa sublime, Of thought and action, Bbino and sound through timo ; -Who worked in darkno39, onward fought tholr ways, To bring abjut thoso largo maj \jtio days ; Who loft tholr sons tho jhoarts and high doslros Which built this city of tho hundred spiros ! A st>toly morning rlsos on tho wing, Tho hills tako color, and tho vudleys sing ; A blight September flames beyond tho lea, A silver vision o 1 a silver sea ; A now ago " Cast in a divonor mould" Cornea c»ownod with lustre, zoned and shod with gold 1 What drara Is this, 00 lawny spaces set ? Wh»t miracle of domo aud mlnarot? Wlmt great rnuto majesty Is this that takes The firet of morning oro tho song-bird wakoa 7 Lo ! this way built, to honor gathering lauds, By Celtic, Saxon, and Australian hands Theso are tho halls, whoro all tho flags unfurled BroakQlhtu speech, that welcomesall tho world. And lo 1 our friends are hero from every zone, From isles wo dream of, and from tracko unknown lltro are tbe fathers from the stately space, iFhcrc Ireland Is, and England's sacred faco. Here aro the Norsemen from thoir strong soa wall, 1 ho grave, grand Teuton and the brillant Gaul! F om green, sweot grovoa tho dark-eyvd Luu'an sail, And pr u<l Ibo i» leave tho grapo flu shed vale 1 Hero are tho lords whose starry banner shlues From fierce Mall sgan to tho Arctic Pineal Hero come tho Strangers from Gates of Day, From IiIHb of sunrise, a'd from whloo Cathay. Tho Spicy Islands eoud tholr svarthy sons, Tho lofty Nrrth Its mailod aud mighty onoa. Y« netian kools aro fioitlng on our soa, Our eyes aro glad with radiant Italy ! Yoa, north and south, a->d glowing wist and oast, Aro gathering hero to grace our splon lid fotst. Tho c> iefs from peak?, august with Asian snow, Too Elders born whero regal rosos grow, Com. If? her with tho flower of that fair land 'Hue uiooiDs ooyonu tno iier/ ir-icta 01 anu. Whoro Syrian suns thoir angry lustro fi ng Across I lind channels of tho btgono spring ; And 011 this gre -t nu<plolou? day, tho flowers Of labor glorify majestic hou s, Tho Singing At gel from ibo starry sphoro, Of dazzHng science shows his wooda shore ; And Art, the dream-cla I spirit, starts and bring From Falrj land her strange, sweot. glittering things. Hero aro tho work-t man did, what timo his faco- Was touched by God lu some exalted placo ; Hero glows tho splendor, horo the mvrvol wrought When Heaven flaihei upon themikor's thought 1 Ycr, horo aro all tho miracl >s sublimo, The fl'ghts of genius and t.10 itars of timo ! And, being lifted by tM noblo noon, Australia broadens, liko a tr pic moon, Her white, pure lust»o beams across tho zonos, The nations greot hor from their awful thrones; From benco tho morning beauty of her namo WM shine afa-, Uko an oxcoedlng flame, Her place will be wi ll mighty lords whoso sway Contracts tbo thuudor a-d tho marching day, Hor orown wU shine beside the crowns of k'ngs Who shape tho soavons, rule the course of things, 1 ho fatno of her, across tho years to bo Will sproad, like light on a earpisciug sea, And graced with gl.»rv, girt with powor augast, H r life will last till all things turn to dust ! To hco tbo faco of song Is lifted now O Lord, to whom the awful mountains bow, Whoso bands unseen, tho tenfold storms c n'rol, Who-o thundorsshake tho sphorei from polo to polo, Who from the highest Hoavon lockest down TcosoaThy footstool, and tho sun Tby crown, Ar.'und Whose thn.no tho doath'oss planots slog. Hosannas to their High, Eternal King ! To Theo the soul of pray thl m rnlog turns With faith that glitters, and wibhhopa that burns ! And in the momonte of moj ?at c calai That fl 1 tho heut In pvuSRB of the p3xlm, She asks Tby b'o&alng; for vlvi fair you g la <1, That flowers within th Iiollow of Xhlne hand ! Sbcsceko( Thee that b> n, that -flit sublime— Tho Christian rdlanco for this hope of timo ! / nd Thou w U iliion and Thy faco will b lid To smllo upon us t =r, Fath'-r, Frlond ! The ObrlFt to whso pure pl-u'-fog heart h-»th crept WB human once, nnd in tho darkness wopt The gnudnui lovothat helped uoT ago. Will on ua like a uumtnoi sunrise flow, Ar.d bo a light to guido tho nation's foot On holy ptlis, on sacred ways and fcwcot, (I ) According lo that eminent authority Mr R. II. Maj r nnd o'hera, tho great a <uth«rn Und is r fj're i to lu old Chinese records as a pular contlnout, 6uhjeot to the long polar nlgh<s. (2 ) Marco 1 olo mentions a large land callod by the Malays I ochm The Northern Coast was suppos .d to be In latitude 10 (vide Bonnott and others.) (8 ) Mr R II. Mojor has discovered a man of S»rra Australia, dated, A D , 1642, ard hoarnlug the name Of Lo Zestu, a French Pifot. Lo Zestu must have visited tbeeo coasts some years before tho date of tha Chart. (4 ) The ea'Iora of tho Duyfhcn, a Dutch vessel, which en' 1 red Carpentaria in AD. lfltB wore at tacked by the natives In the fray some of tho whites wero bllh'd. No doubt thoe unlucty advt>nturRts woro the first Kur..p)ans buried in AUitrada (vide Woods and oth-rs) (6 ) Dirk nartog left a tin plate bearing h'a name In Shark's Bay, SFcst Auetrali.v. It was last toon In A.D. 1803.' (9 ) Atol Tasman's love f' v Maria Van Dlemen Is well kn<>wn. Tasman and mmyof tbe islands and polntB ou tho N,W, coasts of Australia wero namod aftor h» r (7.) Dampicr. 18.) Uotauy Bay, — Sydnoy Morning ucrald. 