PLANKING A PLATFORM. Our readers are aware that a conference of delegates of the National Reform League has recently been held in Melbourne. A num ber of important questions had been dis cussed and disposed of, and the conference was about to be brought to a close, when a delegate of the Ballarat branch of the League expressed his desire to add another plank to the platform. It was a good sound bit of timber without doubt, but it was not wanted. The platform was complete without it. A warm discussion arose over the matter which began to assume the proportions of an angry and somewhat dangerous alterca tion, when the president, Mr. Longmore, who had been previously absent, and had evidently been sent for, made his appear ance in the Temperance Hall. The ques tion in dispute was this:—Mr. Yale, one of the Ballarat delegates, aided by Mr. Mirams, made a proposition to the effect that the maintenance of the Education Act should be made one of the planks of the Reform platform. Some thought our present Education system could get on very well without the assistance of the League, and that it was quite safe and wanted no protection. Others deprecated any interference with it, good or bad, as it would introduce an element of discord, whilst others again expressed it as their opinion that there were traitors in the camp, and that enemies from the Con stitutional lines were endeavoring to sow tares among the Liberal wheat. Of course the insinuation was strongly repudiated by those who supported the proposal, and things grew rather sultry when Mr. Longmore entered, and endeavored to throw oil, in his own eccentric way, on the troubled waters. Exerting himself mightily to this end, he tumbled the plank about until he had knocked it out of all shape. The splinters were sent flying in the faces, not only of poor Mr. Vale, Mr. Mirams, and the others who were with them, but also in the faces of the Ministers of the Episcopalian, Presbyterian, and Roman Catholic churches. Mr. Longmore was violently angry, and in his excessive wrath he rmade use of some very impolite and im politic language in dealing with the clergy. Had he confined himself to condemning clerical interference with the system, he would have said no more than he, as a poli tician, had a right to say; although he would have been going out of his way in doing so on the particular occasion in question. His simple duty then was to protest against the introduction of a subject which, in his opinion, was cal culated to cause dissension in the League, and there was not the slightest necessity for dragging the clergy into the arena, far less for flying truculently at their throats. And his conduct was not only unnecessary; it was utterly injudicious as regards both the interests of the Ministry and the League. "We have some of the Roman Catholics who vote with us," he observed, " but the majority are against us. This is one reason why we want no discord at the present moment." He then proceeded to deal with the priesthood in a manner certainly not calculated to propitiate the Catholic party. "The priesthood," he said, "are all leagued with the property of the country. They are not teachers of the Gospel at all, but our holy religion is dragged through the mire. They write against the party in power in the columns of the press, simply because we have our hands on the throat; of the propertied classes. I be lieve that they are public enemies, and should be treated as public enemies." This was a pretty plank to put into the platform. Such another rough-hewn slab has seldom been used, we imagine, for fencing out discord. But Mr. Longmore, who is doubtless as full of good intentions as the floor of an unmentionable place, clearly entertained the hope that it would answer the purpose. What some of the members of the League and some of the outside public may think about it is another thing. A SUPPLEMENT is published with this morn ing's issue. The CAPER —An interruption in cable com munication occurred at three o'clock yesterday afternoon. The break has occurred between Port Darwin and Banjoewangie. Owing to this we are without cablegrams this morning. State Schools Savings Banks.-—The system of establishing penny savings' banks in connec- tion with state schools is to come into general operation throughout the colony immediately. Circulars conveying instructions in the matter, and also copies of the regulations under which the banks are to be conducted, were received by the head teachers of the Sandhurst Schools yesterday, and the system is to be inaugurated on Monday morning. We publish the circular and the regulations elsewhere. The working of the system will entail a deal of extra labor and responsibility on the teachers, who however, are to receive no remuneration for the additional work they are called upon to perform THE Mayor's Ball.—The preparations for the above annual event, which is to be held at the Town Hall on the evening of Tuesday next, are being proceeded with in a very satisfactory manner, and it may be safely anticipated that the ball of 1879 will be one of the rnost successful and brilliant ever held in Sandhurst. The Corn Exchange, in which, as on previous years, the dancing will take place, will present a much more grace ful appearance than it has done on former similar occasions, as the walls will be adorned with several of the pictures which have been on view at the exhibition. The catering has been en trusted to Mr. McLeod, of Mitchell-street, whose efforts on previous occasions have always given every satisfaction. The supper tables will be laid out in the annexe, so that there will be none of the inconvenience arising from crushing which has usually been experienced in times past. The music is to be under the direction of Mr. Monaghan, and it is consequently certain that in this respect full satisfaction will be given. THE Rev. W. R. CROXTON.—The Rev. W. R. Croxton did not arrive yesterday, as was expected, but his friends have received a tele gram to the effect that he will positively reach Sandhurst to-day by the afternoon train. Ths Distress in Cornwall.— A public meeting was held at Eaglehawk last evening, and a committee formed for the purpose of col lecting subscriptions in aid of tne sufferers in Cornwall. After the public meeting, a com mittee meeting was held to make arrangements for the holding of a grand concert in aid of the funds at an early date. The Exhibition.—The work of dismantling the Exhibition was proceeded witk\h yesterday, and a large number of the exhibits have been already removed. All the jewellery and silver smiths work, and ms\ost of the more expensive exhibits, have been taken away by their respec tive owners. Paul's fountain has been taken to pieces and removed, and on examination of the flooring it was found that little or no damage had resulted from the water. Many of the pictures in the picture gallery have also been removed. Obstructing a Road.—Complaints have reached us that the road near the Cambridgeshire Arms Hotel, Long Gully, leading to the Sydenham Gardens and White Hills Cemetery, has been all but closed by the erection of fencing. There is barely room for a vehicle to pass between the hotel and the fence. The municipal authorities will doubtless interest themselves in this matter on behalf of the large number of persons who use the road. New INSOLVENT.—John Francis Slattery, of Salisbury West, late State school teacher. Liabilities, £286 10s. 5½d.; assets, £10 6s. 6d.; deficiency, £276 3s. 11½d. Causes: Sudden reduction of income in the end of 1872, continued up till lately, losses by mining speculations, sickness of self and family, loss of employment in 1876-77, and pressure of creditors. Assignee. Mr. John Hasker. Meeting under sec. 53, on Wednesday, the 16th instant, at 11.30 a.m. The DIAMOND DRILL.—At a depth of 340ft. from the surface the "bit" received on Monday gave out, and yesterday the drill on the G.G. Consolidated Company's lease was at a stand still. A new " bit" was expected last evening, and probably boring operations will be re-com menced to-day. Land Tax APPEAL.—In the Land Tax Court yesterday, tne appeal of Coutts Brothers against the placing of their estate of 8,227 acres, in the counties ot Gladstone and Bendigo, in the third class, was partly heard. Mr. Kerierd appeared tor the appellants, and Mr. R. Walsh for the Crown. Alluvial Mining at Shelbourne.—A pro spector a claim has been registered within the last few days by a miner named Thomas Dingfelder. The situation set down in the registration papers is at Granite Hiil Gully, about two miles south-west of Shelbourne Post Office. The sinking is from eight to ten feet, and the prospect obtained was 5dwts. to the load. Warden's Court.—Mr. Webster, P.M., was in attendance at this court yesterday, but there was no business to be transacted. LECTURE.—On Wednesday next, the Rev. A. R. Edgar is to deliver a lecture on "Backwoods Life, and Backwoods' Preachers," in the Forest-street Wesleyan Church, in aid of the funds of the Sabbath school library. In a pre vious effort with this lecture at Inglewood, Mr. Edgar is said to have been very successful', and his lecture to have been exceedingly interesting. Donations.— The hon. treasurer of the Hospital (Mr. R. F. Howard, Savings' Bank) acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of the following donations, in aid of the maintenance fund of the institution:—Thanet claim employés, per Mr Remfrey £2 12,. Through the col lector (Mr. J. E. O. Birch):—Messrs. McCartin Bros, employés, £10 10s.; Mr. Thos. Wood £1; Mr. Thos. Fletcher, £1; Mr. Wootton Lansell, £1 1s.; Mr. Alfred Beeson, £1 1s.; Mrs. Mary Briggs, £1; Mr. Samuel Moore, £1; Mr. Thos. S. Stewart, £1; Mr. Oliver Harris, £1; Rev. W. Bettis, £1; Rev. E. W. Nye, £1; Rev. A. R. Edgar, £1; E.S., 10s. 6d.; G.L., 10s.; A.M., 5s.; F.C., 5s.; C.B., 5s.; G.G., 5s ; J.X., 5s.; W. 5s.; A.M.. 2s. 6d.;J.S. 1s. Con tributions to the Benevolent Asylum acknow ledged with thanks by the collector-— Messrs. R. Whiteside and Co., £1 1s.; Messrs. C. Ross and Co., £1 1s.; Mr. William Miller, 10s.; A Lady, 5s. Northcott's Band.—The following pro gramme of music will be played by Northcott's Band in the reserve to morrow afternoon weather permitting, commencing at three o'clock. A collection will be taken up by the members of the Long Gully Fire Brigade who have kindly consented to attend in uniform, for the benefit of the Cornish relief fund :—Quick step, "Gloria," Metcalfe; grand selection "Sampson," Handel; grand selection, "Gems of Mozart," Mozart; selection, "Mozart's 12th Mass," Mozart; selection, " The last judgment,' Spohr; grand chorus, "For unto us a child is born, " Handel; quickstep, " Ring the bells of heaven," E. Newton; God save the Queen. Football.—A match will be played to-day in the Upper Reserve between Horwood's Foundry Club and a mixed team of the Sandhurst Club. The players are requested to be on the ground at half-past two o'clock. The following will represent the teams:—Horwood's.—Banks, Britt, Cunningham, Tipping, Thompson, Petrie, Coulson, Briggs, Moss, Holmes, Swalling, Gordon, Dunn, Mills, Griffiths, Boyd, Dodd, McCallum, Lancashire, Barlow; reserve—Smith, Morten, Le Beau, Griston. Sandhurst.—Abbott, Cordner, Corlett, Davies, Guest, Holmes, G. Jackson, W. G. Jackson, Miller, R. Mackay, G. Mackay, Mackinnon, Shepard, Sawers, Smith, Stewart, E. J. Thompson, R. Thompson, Thomas, Walker; reserve—Donnelly, Campbell, Meudell, Hayes. The Weather.—Yesterday was one of the most unpleasant days we have had for a Iong time past. The remains of the frost of the pre vious night hung about in the air, as it was not dispelled by the sun's rays, the sky being cloudy. A biting south-easterly wind prevailed and rain threatened, but beyond a slight spriuk Iing about: sunset none fell of any consequence. The weather continued lowering during the night. Ploughing Match.—A meeting of the Sebastian and Campbell's Forest ploughing match committee will be held on Wednesday next at two o clock p.m. at Graham's Royal Miil Hotel, Campbell s Forest. The meeting is called for the purpose of arranging for the holding of the annual match, and as the competition last year proved vary successful, no doubt much interest will betaken by farmers and others in the forth coming contest. Gp^aham's Brass Bakd will perform choice selections of music on the Commercial Hotel balcony, commencing at seven o'clock this even- I ing. ■ Cheap Drapery.—Messrs. Thomas Sloane and Co., of the New Lead, Mitchell- street, an nounce iu our business columns that they have removed the -whole of the stock of Messrs. J. A. Hawes and Co. to their own premises, and having re- marked the same, will commence a great ciieap sale to-day, the goods being offered at greatly reduced pricei, REcovajy of Rates.—The Secretary of the bbire of Marong notifies that legal proceedings will be taken without farther notice for the re covery of outstanding rates, if they are not paid within loartiea daj-g. Revision Court.—A revision court for the huire of Marong will be held at the Foresters' Hall, Marong, on Wednesday, 16th instant, at eleven a.m. Educational. - Mrs. Barker notifies in our advertising columns that school duties will be resumed on Monday next. Sale of Draper'y and Clothing.—The at tention ..{ cash buyers of drapery and clothing Is,?,, d toihe advantages offered by Sir. James j. °7' . !e,w Pointj during his great clearing out sale ot job drapeiy, etc, The Kkua.\\-« Railway.—The Elmore corres pondent of the ffivtrir.e 7/r.nu'd reports that a meeting of the executive committee of the fal more aud Sw.m Hill Railway LeSgtle was held on Friday, whets it was decided to postpone for a week the departure of the deputation to Mel bourne-, that was appointed at the late publii meeting to layjbelore the Government the views of the inhabitants of the Elmore district, in support of that town being made the starting point for the line of railway to Iverang. It was also agreed to get Up a memorial in favor of this t:r\v ;i:ie. It was likewise resolved to- Ssk the turther co-operation vof the Terneks. iJ:ui uoobam.iw;;, and Mflloo bruin's and residents, in support of the object in view. It is tuiiiorcd that Mr. X. Ferguson, J.P., a member of the shire council of Waranga, is likeiy to be brought, forward ia the agricultural interest as a candidate for the representation of Keducv at the coming general election. ^ Irrigation.—Mr. M'Cauj.'iiry, owner of Coornong Station, lxivcrina. proposes to cut a canal Jo carry the flood waters of the Murrtnn bidceo ;*U to the plains, aud a survey 13 now being made to determine the best route. The expense \nll be V'cmp.irativelv small. Tin: lir.ixu-.M Tax.—'Thi Riverine Herald says:—A member of the deputation which pro ceeded to Melbourne to interview tiie Minister for Lauds upon the State forest regulation, in tei':ns us that in a private interview wish the Hon. .Minister of Customs, that gentleman stated were need be no fear so far :vi the dutv upon tvugum was cocw.rned; i\i it is not his in tention to order its collection, aad that most probably UiC bill introduced last session would be repealed at the beginning of the coming session 0: Parliament. Laying a Ghost.—A practical joke w.i played on a fruiterer living in the eastern part o; the _ wwn, (says tiie Geetonj Advertiser) on ^ ednesday evening. During his absence some one entered his house, aud rigging up the Ii-hhv of a man. placed a white sheet over it, aad°Ieft it standing over a basket of apples facing tin trout door of the building. When the vendor o: fruit returned home with a friend, he was iiorri tied at seeing the spectre in **lose proximity, and he maae lor tiie doorwav. His companion however, who was carrying a lighted caudle in an empty brandy bottle, instead of running away threw the bottle at tiie object covered in wiiite and upset the rigure aud the apnle basket. Embezzlement.—William Campbell was vas ter, iay again brought up at tiie' Castlemaine Police Court on two separate charges, 0: em belling moneys, the property oi William .M'Ctiiloch and Co., aud also with falsifying the boo.ts of the company. \\\ e learn from the Rtju f.v.'iiti. reserved tiie defeuoe, and tiie bencii Committed him to tatte his trial ou both charges at the uext Court of Assize at Castl-.-inaine "to be held on tiie 17th o: October, bail being allowed, himself in £100 aud two sureties of i'ju each. The previous charge against the accused is also remanded to the same sittings of the Court of Assize. The Vas'ko Clttino, nr which Water ih.< BEEN SECl-RED FdR _FoRTT -MlLES. —Athoilcll ,hib cutting is oul}' eight miles in length, owin^ to its situation the benefit ol this work will bt very widely extended. The Yanko communi cates with tne Colombo creek, aud the latter with the Biliabong; and in the time of flood, it is believed by some, that water will bo conveyed to the last-named stream. Tiio depth of the cutting at the summer level in lSuS at the first mile from .lie bank to the bottom of the cut-tin" is loft., at the second mile l~it. oiti., at; tile third mile, 14ft, 9ia„ at the fourth mile l"ft (3iu., at the tilth mile 10ft. lOiu., at the' sixth mile 14ft. 4m., at the seventh milo Sft. Tin at the eightu mile 16ft. Gin. The fall in the whole length of the cutting is lit. Oin the first two miles being a dead level. ' aud 2m. to the mile gradient, so that on the rise of tne river a sufficient force is given to carry Lhe water down. The work commences at the eud farthest from the Murrumbidgee, aud tallows tne beini of tile watercourse to its junction with that river. Mr. Michael Byron 01 \Yagga is the. contractor, and wo hear that tae work^ has bten well done and suceessfnHv conipletea innve months. It now only awaits the arrival of the Government engineer, who will then declare it formally opened." Tho fresh in the river, however, has anticipated this gentle man's work. A sinail dam only was left at the mouth, 110 rising expected. This however, gave lr;Sv' m the water, which flowed splendidly giving full evideuco of the value of tiie work done. Few can estimate how much advantage the Government have conferred on the settlers of that neighborhood by this expenditure of public money.— Pastor. _ ills tjKEitPLOTKD.—The members oi the Un employed Board, appointed bv the Gove,- iment have adopted a circular prepared by the secre tary (Mr. G. Macartney), which is to be sent to all the muuicipal bodies throughout Victoria. Ihe circular requests replies to the following questions:—1. The number 01" unemployed in the district; aud if greater than usual at this tune of tho year. 2. If distress has occurred from wan 1 of work; and if so, what are the causes «f that want of work. 3. If any pro jecie.l works are held back for want of "labor. 4\. It any works could be undertaken in the dis trict that would absorb a portiou of the surplus labor in Melbourne. 5. What are the prevail ing rates of payment for the various kinds of labor. 6. It any sources of labor might be de veloped m the district were the local rate of wages slightly lower than at present Tiie Sydney Hotels.—The Sydney Daily Tdc graph says :-Iu tiie Assembly, on Thursday evening, during the debate on the second read mg tho Licensing Act Amendment Bill, Mr. -Lcktora, in the course of his remarks, drew fi' ?■ ^ , "'I3 l0"g bec" a notorious fact, that in 000 out of tho S00 aud more hotels in the city, it was a perfect impossibility to procure a nights lodging or a meal. It certainly cannot be denied that astranger in Sydney, desirous of obtaining a bed tor the night, and not wishing to put up at one 0/ the leading hotels, would stand a good chance of spending the night in the street, purely the law should compel holders ot licensed houses to supply something more substantial in the way of refreshment for the inner man than a glass of beer, and render it compulsory for him to provide shelter for tho heaa ot the benighted traveller than lis afforded by au undue al.owance of alcoholic stimulauts. We hope tiie bill promised by Sir Henry Parkes for next session -will do away with so just a cause for complaint on the part of those who seek temporary shelter in our city, Local Land Boards.—With regard to the decision ot the Minister of Lands, that for the future local laud boards shall consist of officials of tne department, instead of being, as hereto fore, partly composed-of members of local bodies, the St Arnaud Jfercury states that so far as its experience goes, "the ex- omcio members of land boards being fully conversant with the nature of the land in the district, are the means of imparting a vast amount of infor mation on the subject, and wo are sure the step taken to dispense with their honorary services cannot be regarded as other than a foolish and unwise proceeding, „T"E-)I,ARrrn,IE PoWKE of England.—The -DaiUj lekyraph says:—'" One effect of the Zulu war has been to furnish a fresh illustration of an old troth that England as amaritime Power can bring her strength to bear at remote distances with astonishing rapidity. The First Lord of the Admirality, m returning thanks for the -Navy^ appropriately drew attention to the share contriouted by his department to -the relief of Lkowe. It was on the 11th of February that the Go\eminent knew the extent of the peril ^ ,E° }Tere the needful measures 5-' H ,° battali°ns sent from England n ere in the combat at Giughilovo on the 2nd of Apr'l, and on the iifty-first day from the 11th of February, Ekowe was relieved. Before the 31st hlr^H ln°*i battalion, a battery fullv horsed, and three companies of the Armv Serwce1 Corps were also in Natal, which is about seven thousand miles from our shore. Butlt fortha°>9 /eatre P°Wer whioh had ah°t forth its reserved strength. . England is at =hin,Qriin 'ttand P,0/3esaion3 or afloat in her ships all oyer the world. The clectric wirn CeVloDm0t\°nad the 5"'h ReSiraent, quartered in time for the march upon Ekowe. A few troops we believe, likewise hastened from the Mauritius. ^ Wherever there is danger of^ra;L a Up3 aPPear promptly on the scene ot action Asa matter of fact we have Ion' possessed the remarkable power recently emplified. Steam and electricity, which are the servants of all peoples, have enabled us to retl ah» fUtpeir!°^ y %I°B by 0llr 1'0re"fathers when absolutely dependent on wind and tide. The navy was the real base of operation for the Peninsula campaigns, as it had been, in creat part, tho foundation of our Fai-fnm i? • Portugal «,Shlil'™reS,,j Itf naSrB several daya. Oa Thursdav i missl°^ for all traces of him have been lost. tlm° Waranga diltrict,reported to be P^valent in the 