THEM ;DREAM UANDi THE AWAKENING. CHAPUs IV-CONCLUDED. ONE o'clock, and the ghost of a sigh the ghost of a sigh, and a gentle move ment of the bedclothes. The house was very still. Was death lurking dimly in the shadows? "Joanna !" Oh, so faintly--oh, so weakly I And yet it was poor Millicent Craig's own sweet natural voice. "Joanna I' Joanna started to her feet, shielded by the curtain behind which she had kept her virgil. Her hands were once more clenched, and her eyes looked wild and strange. She stood as if rooted to where she was, and the breath from between her lips came in quick, short, frightened gasps. An awful and dire temptation was assailing her soul again and breathing its deadly poison into the ear which could not shut it out, though Heaven knew how hard she had tried to put ii from her. "Joanna!" Faint still. "Joanna dear !" She did not move, and her face worked painfully. Only this frail life between her and Kendall's love perhaps -only this exceeding frail life and nothing morel Who could tell but that he might turn to her at last, when the old pain was healed, and new hopes had blossomed? Ah, who could tell indeed? And only this frail life be tween-only this frail life! The words seemed to haunt her. Who would ever know whether the all-powerful and sayv ing cordial had beenadministered to the patient or not? Only this frail life between her and Kendall's love ! "Kendall!" spoke the weak faint voice softly- weaker and fainter than ever now. "Where are you, Kendall?" His name, uttered by those lips, acted like a charm upon the temptation bound senses of Joanna Craig. With a stifled cry she came out of her trance, dumbly and penitently thankful that the terrible moment was over. Swiftly the mixture was poured into a glass and held lovingly and - coaxingly to Millicent's pale lips. She drank of the draught unquestionably-as a little child-helpless, obedient, and very tired-and then sank back among her pillows in a deep and natural sleep; and Joanna, repentant as she wept tenderly over her, was conscious that both were saved that night. For the second time during her virgil Joanna Craig fell upon her knees ; but this time her prayer was a prayer of unspeakable thankfulness. " * a * A cool odorous twilight in the waning summer-time, the stars glimmering palely, a soft gloom spreading over everything out-of-doors; the flowers and shrubs in "cousin Tabby's" front garden drooping low beneath the star light with their burthen of summer dew. Together at the big window in the front drawing.room Millicent and Kendall were standing side by side, his arm encircling her waist, her head in happy abandonment resting against his shoulder. She had been off Doctor Lind's sick-list for the last three weeks -Doctor Lind, who would ever affirm that, had it not been for Joanna's devoted nursing, Millicent could never have vanquished the "grim stranger" as she did. Presently Kendall Ayre spoke. "Then, darling," he said, "you promise in two months' time ?" "Promise what, Kendall ?" inquired she, wilfully ignorant. "That you will be my wife," he whispered. "Kendall, I will." She clung to him fondly, her love shining forth from her eyes. She was gradually gaining back her old loveliness though the beautiful gold-brown hair was still very short and crisp. "And love me always ?" he pursued, tenderly. "For ever and ever," she earnestly answered him. In a back room, and seen distinctly through the open folding dooors-for there was no light in the front-were Joanna Craig and Miss Tabitha Jerrard. The moderator lamp burned brightly between them. "Cousin Tabby" was deep in the fascinations of Damon's Reflections, Joanna listlessly turning the pages of a magazine for the month. Every now and then her eyes would wander to the pair by the window-not jealously or covetously, but with content and thankfulness that it should be so. Millicent and Kendall left their posi tion by the window-and came slowly through the doorway towards "cousin Tabby" and Joanna. "Consin Tabby," spoke Kendall. "My dear ?"' "In two months Millicent will' be my wife," he said, quietly. Just for one brief moment Joanna Craig felt faint-felt once more the keen and bitter agony-but it was only transitory. She looked up bravely and smiled at them. "I am glad," she said, gently; and she spoke the truth. It was not alto gether easy to put him quite out of her life so long as he was near her continu ally. It would be easier, she hoped, when all was over and done with, and Millicent and he were married. "And so am I," gravely said Miss Tabitha, shutting with her accustomed reverence the volume of weird Reflections. "Bless both of you, my dear, dear children !" She rose from her seat, and, placing the little mittened hands on Millicent's shoulders, kissed her on either cheek; and then, standing on tip-toe, she pulled Kendall's dark head down toher level, and greeted him soberly in the same affectionate manner. "There," she said-"you have made me very happy." Kendall hugged the little old lady in his usual boyish fashion, she repolsing him with gentle pats after her customary juvenile fashion, and then turned, with a certain indescribable pleading in his eyes, to where Joanna sat. "Joanna," he said, in a low softened tone, "I owe everything to you, dear. Itwas you who saved my darling by intiring and tender nursing, and I can never forget it Joanna, how s.ahall I ever thank you 7" Remembering that brief delirium when she -tottered near the edge - of an abyss, shebowed her head and could have ~rept. In that minute Ahe fond it.diicnlt to answer. Joanna dear," he said, "how shall I repay your ." "By loving Milliceant ever as now, until the death of either shall part you from each other," responded the soft voice, brave and strong; and Kendall Ayre, with Millicent nestling to his heart, answered very solemnly- * "As Heaven above is my witness !" And "cousin Tabby," with meekly folded hands, breathed "Amen !" -Family Herald 