A 8INfGULAR IMARRIAAE;: oR, LONELY LITTLE NETTIE. A TALE OF \- -~ omance Love, aVn. Mystery. CHAPTER XXIL.-(Continued.) "Do you mean me ?" said Nettle, oyening wide her large brilliant eyes, ~while the scarlet flush rose slowly to her cheek. " Exactly," insolently retorted Mi.s Halroyd, " I do not choose to associat? with the common, low-born girl that made her way into the parsonage, and compelled poor Mr. Amory to marry ber, whether he would or not." " What do you mean 7" cried Yettie, her cheeks now deadly pale, and her breath coming thick and fast. How dare you say suon things ?" "I dare to say them because they are true!" said Miss Halroyd, with a scornful laugh. " And all Mount Paladln knows it well enough. Why, it's common gossip there." INettie sank into a chair, but still -kept her eyes lixed intently on the \- other's face. \-- o on," said she, in a voice strained and husky. "Tell me what people say. I-I suppose I ought to know." ".Why, they say Mr. Amory has sacrificed himself to a false and mis-b tAlren notion of honour. He married you simply to avoid seandal-'" " What scandal 1" Why ?" inter rapted Nettle. Miss Halroyd shrtigged liar shoulders. impatiently, ".As if youdidn't know a great deal better: than I can tell you,'' cried she. ' 11 ate suche put on innocence and simplicity' Mr. Amory never.cared a straw fQr you.. He smarried you because if he didn't people would talk iahout you, and he felt himself bound in some way to. protect your reputation. Ti at's that the long and short of it, if ysu must know." "How- -do yu know all this?". gasped Nettle. SE?erybody is talking abou i said Miss Halroyd, who was now s...itting on the side of the bed, -,'leisurely.. unlacing her travelling boots. " It's no secret there. Mrs. Hennicastle is angry enough to bite Mr. Amory's head off, for she lied intended him for her own stiff old maid of a Cecilia. But Mr. Duokworth told papa; he's the clergyman who : performed the marriage service for you, you know." Nettie drew nearer to Miss Halroyd, her cheeks deadly pale in the twilight. " Tell me what he said," persisted she, breathlessly, "I must know. " very word I " caHow cn I remember everything ?" said Miss Halroyd, impatiently. "Ofily iea told papa he thought Mr. Amory had made a fatal mistakc-that Mt. Amory was attached to- some other young lady, and that he oughtto have thought of her, too-and that the scan idal and go.sip would all have blown over in time, if people had taken no notice of it. They all thought it was very selfish and base of you to let him sanrifice himself so." "But I did not know this I " cried N.ttie, wringing her hands wildly, and pacing excitedly up and down the nar row room; "Nobody ever told me these things ! He asked me if I would be his wife, and I supposed it was because he loved me 1 " "2Bumph !" said the young lady scornfully. " I should think you would have known better than that. Why, he bad'nt knoonyou more than a week or two. How could he love you ? " "People do in books," pleadedNettie, catching, in her dismay, at the merest straw of hope. "I've read it many and many a time. They fall in love when fl:st they see each other." " Nonsense !" cried out Miss Halroyd. "Mr. Amory goes about looking lille a ghost; and they say it's bhcause he knows he has ruined his whole future. And Dr. Duckworth says it was a dark day for him when fi, st you came to the Rectory, and oh, gcodness, gracious l here comes Mrs. COittendcn herself, and I haven't got my muddy boots off yet." Mrs. Crittenden's silk skirts were heard rustling down the corridor, at the same moment, and she welcomed Miss Josepha Halroyd with great enthusiasm. "I am charmed to receive 3ou here 'my sweet girl," said she, "and-" "I date say," said Miss Halroyd. Papa has made all the arrangements by letter, I believe, and settled all pre liminaries. Only I distinctly wish it understood, Mrs. Orlttenden, that I prefer an apartment to myself. I am not used to mixing with all sorts of people." '* She means me, I suppose," said Nettle bitterly. "And I am quite as good as she is, I am sure." "That is scarcely the way to express yourself, Miss Leland," said Mrs. Orittenden, severely. "Then why don't you tell her so ?" olied Nettie, fairly driven to bay by the palpable injustice of the verdict. " Why does everybody turn against me ? It isn't right ! It isn'a fair! I won't suffer it !" " Miss Leland, I think you forget yourself," said Mrs. COittenden, loftily. "Perhaps a few hours' solitude and reflection will bring you to a less rebellious and quarrelsome frame of mind. I will send up a servant with a tray of bread and water for your refreshment, and you need not trouble yourself to join us at the tea table. Miss Ilalroyd, if you will follow me, I will c?nduct you to a room which you may socupy by yourself, since such is your preference." Thus pronouncing the sentence of punishment on poor Nettie, the lady principal of Lennington Hall g~ided away down the long corridor, f~llowed by Miss Halroyd, who never even looked round to note the effect of her last shot of insolence upon the. poor quivering victim left behind. 'To be Contirued.) 