ENGLAND. SOLEMN OPENING OF ST. MARY’S, CHURCH, CHELSEA. The mission of Chelsea, like many of the outlying districts of London, is indebted for its foundation to one of those heroic French emi grant priests—the Abbb Vayaux de Fraynous— at the commencement of this century, Chelsea being then a mere village of three hundred houses ! The mission was opened in a very humble way in a room over a shop in a back street. After some time the Abb6 was enabled to purchase a plot of ground in Cadogan-terrace, and by his own liberal contributions and the aid of the Royal Family of France and other sub scribers, including the first Sir Robert Peel (whose French tutor the Abbb had been, and who continued through life to entertain the warmest affection for his preceptor), erected the •old chapel which was opened by Bishop Poynter in 1812. In erecting this chapel the Abb<3 had particularly in view the wants of the Catholic veterans in Chelsea Hospital, where he laboured incessantly among the hundreds of wounded and infirm soldiers who at that time were sent home invalided from our armies on the Con tinent ; and it should not be forgotten that the Duke of York, as Commander-in-Chief, on the opening of the chapel, granted to the Catholic soldiers permission to attend the public exercise of tlieir religion—a privilege denied them since the so-called Reformation. Since that time the pensioners and the Catholic boys in the Chelsea military schools have regularly attended the ■chapel. The Abbd de Fraynous, refusing all offers to return to his native country, continued to exercise the duties of the ministry in this chapel till his death, when lie was buried within its precints, and a marble tablet erected to his memory. He was succeeded by the Rev. Father Sisk (one of the preachers at the opening of the new church), who remained some twenty-five years, till he left to join the Cistercian Order at the Monastery of Mount St. Bernard, in Leices tershire. In or about 18 Id Mr. Knight, the eminent botanist of Kings-road, Chelsea, purchased a large freehold site in Cadogan-street at a cost of £5,000, and built at his own expense St. Joseph’s Schools, a convent for Sisters of Mercy, and a house for the Christian Brothers. A portion of the ground lying back from the main street was used for some time as a cemetery, but was closed by the order of the Home Secretary in 1856-7, and no burials have since taken place there. It is upon the north-east angle of this ground that the new church opened on Thursday is erected. It runs parallel with the street, and stands due east and west, the east end facing Drayeott-terrace. It is in the Early English style of architecture. The exterior presents the plainest possible appearance, for which, we believe, the architect is not altogether responsi ble. Though there is a great western doorway, over which rise four equal lancet win dows of great, height, giving the principal light to the church, the usual entrance will be by a side door in the street opening into a spacious solid porch taken of the west end of the north aisle. Opposite the porch is the baptistery, a distinct gabled erection at the end of the south aisle, opening into the church by a double archway. The interior of the church presents a bold and lofty appearance, its total dimensions being 115 feet long by 57 wide ; the chancel is ,85 by 24, the nave 82 by 27, and the aisles 15 feet wide each. The nave has four bays, the pillars are elongated octagons, a slightly pointed shaft running up the narrow side of each on the nave side carrying the main princi pals to the roof. The roof is a plain wooden barrel vault of cream tint, slightly pointed, relieved by moulded ribs (or principals) and rafters painted of a bluish green. The chancel roof is varied by being composed of a series of three cants, the springing ones being stilted. At each principal is a simple tie- beam suspended in the centre by an iron king ; the principal ribs are framed above and below the tie-beam, which latter intersects the ribs above the springing. The aisle roofs have a series of three cants similarly treated, the lower one being deepest. The chancel is of a somewhat more ornate char acter than the rest of the church. Over the altar are three very narrow lancet windows, filled with stained glass, by Clayton and Bell, and beneath runs a screened.triforium, access to : which is reached by a small turret at the north east angle of the eastern gable. The passage or gallery is formed within the thickness of the wall, the inner face being relieved by a beautiful open screen forming four cusped lights under three arches with traceried heads. Below the open screen and above the reredos runs an arcading of cusped panels, which also continues round the sides of the sanctuary) Below this is a carved stone traceried reredos of curvilinear style, though without colour, and the sides of the reredos and return walls of the sacrarium are enriched by a series of gabled panels, the heads of which are crocketed. and their inter sections carved with angels, by Mr. M'Carthy, in the best style of Gothic feeling. The band of carved leafage over the reredos and the heads at the termination of the labels in the sanctuary are particularly fine in expression, while the foliage of the caps and pendant shafts support ing the ribs of the roof are close and devoid of that coarse effect frequently seen in modern churches. St. Joseph’s Chapel, at the end of the north aisle, has a geometric window, filled with stained glass of six subjects from the life of that saint by Lavers and Barraiul. On the opposite or south side is St. John’s Chapel (formerly the chapel of the cemetery, which has been incorporated in the plan of the church), from which abuts an ingeniously-contrived organ-chamber, with a flamboyant screen open ing into the chapel. The window contains stained-glass figures of Our Lord, Our Lady, and St. John. Lower down the south aisles projects the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament, under a spiral roof, the interior being grained in stone, and containing three triangular curvilinear win dows, filled with stained glass, emblematical of the Eucharist. In this chapel is a very con venient confessional, in three compartments, each having a separate door. There are two others of the same description in the aisles. Adjoining the south side is a spacious sacristy, which, we presume, will, later on, be connected with the clergy-house to be built in Draycott terrace. The church is built of white stocks with stone dressings, while Hopton wood and Corsham Down stone have been used in the interior, and the chancel is completely faced with ashlar of this material. The architect is Mr J. F. Bentley, and the works have been carried out very successfully by the contractors, Messrs. Braid, Mr. Thomas Spooner being the clerk of the works acting under the architect. The frontage of the church, Convent of Mercy (lately enlarged), the house of the Christian Brothers, extensive Boys’ and Girls’ Schools, and the Almshouses occupy a length of some 350 feet in Cadogan-street, and nearly fronts the magnifi cent mansions now in course of erection on the Hans Estate. After the blessing of the church, the solemn consecration being unavoidably postponed for some time, High Mass was sung (coram Cardi. nail) by the Right Rev. the Bishop of South wark. A number of the secular and regular clergy of the archdiocese assisted in cassock and surplice. The Chapter of Westminster received his Eminence the Archbishop at the great west door, and conducted him to the chancel, where, having been vested, High Mass commenced. The Cardinal-Archbishop was assisted at the throne by the Very Rev. Provost Hunt and the Very Rev. Canons Bamber and Johnson. After the Gospel his Eminence preached from the Acts—“ They, therefore, that were dispersed went about preaching the Word of God.” When Stephen was stoned there broke out a persecution against the Disciples of Jesus Christ. At the first sight of blood men grew wild, and Saul, not content with holding the garments of those who stoned Stephen, went into the houses and dragged men forth before the tribunal. And all this was done to extinguish the Word of Cod. But those who were thus scattered carried the Word with them to distant nations. And so it has always been. Three hundred years of persecution and ten successive out bursts of the hatred of the world against the Disciples of Christ spread the Word widely and rapidly. And so the bloody persecution which, under the name of the Revolution, scattered the priests of France on foreign shores, laid the first seeds of this flock, and, he might say, of this church, which they had met that day to offer to the Divine Majesty. It always has been so, and it always will be, It is good for us, from time to time, to take a survey of the state of the Church of Cod. Lotus see how it stands at the present day, for by seeing its present state we may judge what may be its future, If we look over the face of the Catholic Church at this moment it would seem that the world has the ascendancy over it. 'The whole East, once full of the light of the Incarnation, is now full of .desolation, heresy, and schism ; and the Christianity of the Eastern world is so full of corruptions that at this moment the great Churches of the East exist only in name. Look at the Church of Africa. Where are the Churches of S. Cyprian, S. Athanasius, S. Op tatus, and S. Augustine ? Look at the North of Europe—Germany, Sweden, Norway, Den mark—and, he might add, Scotland and Eng land. Where is Catholic unity to be found in them ? Where is the presence of Jesus Christ on the altar to be found, Desolation reigns in the old sanctuaries of Christendom in Northern Europe. The Apostles and their successors gathered the nations of the world into the unity of one faith under the Good Shepherd. What nation now remains true to its teaching? Is there a Government, a Prince, or a Legislature which acknowledges the authority of the Vicar of Jesus Christ ? More than this, having ex tinguished the old law of nations, by which Christianity bound them together, they have established a new law of nations, by which the Vicar of Jesus Christ is despoiled of the civil Princedom with which His Master invested him. Christian Europe has consented to the spoliation, and the world is sick from head to foot. Well, let them now look on the other side of the picture. It is a law of human nature always to feel keenly the evils of the present moment, and not to foresee what the future may be. The most glorious days in the Church were believed at the time to be days of deep disaster. So it is at this moment. Men think the condition of the Church at present full of fear. The other day an unbeliever in a foreign land said that the world had drawn its net so tightly round the Church that if it es caped this time he would then believe in it. Let them look at the Church in the light of faith. Was there ever a moment in the eighteen centuries of its existence when it was so widely spread as now ? Its imperial sway was more extended at this hour than at any period of its history. It began in the upper guest-chamber. It spread from Jeru salem to Antioch, the See of Peter, the head and centre of a Gentile Church ; from Antioch to Rome, where the See of Peter became the head and centre of a spiritual empire wider than the Empire of Rome had Over been. And when she lost by schisms the nations of the North, she gained new worlds—North and South America. Australia, Polynesia, and Africa opened their gates to the Word of Truth. Never was there a time when the imperial sway of the Vicar of Christ was so wide, and there is no sign of her going back, or of yielding a foot print of the frontiers of the Church of God. Never since the Holy Ghost came upon the Apostles in the upper chamber and filled them with one faith, one will, one charity, has the Church been so compact in the unity of her Bishops. In other ages by schism, corruption, and egotism, Bishops were often disunited. Not so now. The whole Catholic episcopate was united with compactness and solidity, and not only united among themselves but with their Head. Such things as national Churches and Royal supremacies are now at an end. And when bishops were united to their head, priests were united to their Bishops, and people with their pastors. Never since the apostolic age was the Catholic Church throughout the world so united within and without as at this day. The whole Pontificate of Pius IX. shows this truth, and when Leo XIII. was elected as his successor, one acclamation of faith and joy per vaded the whole Catholic world from East to West. Was there ever a time when the power and authority of error was so weak ? Where were our antagonists ? Where were the East ern heresies ? Their names are matter of history. Turn to the West and ask where are the Lutherans, the Calvinists, the Zwinglians? They are also extinct. The consequences of their old errors still exist, butjthey arc new forms of ever-changing error. Our old antag onists are dissolved or changed into political societies, which are uprooting States and king doms. Men were now convinced more and more that there was only one alternative— either to be disciples of a divine teacher, or critics who form their own belief. There can he nothing intermediate. Men must either believe in a Divine voice teaching the Word of God, or be guided by human voices or by their own criticism. The world was never more con scious of its own disorders than it is at this day. Look first at the state of religion. Sec the con tradictions among its teachers ; hence, loss of all authority over the human intellect. And as it is in faith, so it is in philosophy. The truths even of the natural order are rejected. So, also, in the political world. Revolution and the up rising of the human will against all authority is spread over the whole face of Christian Europe. There is no country which is not per vaded by conspiracies, more or less concealed, whose aim is not only the subversion of religion, butofallcivilandpolitical authority. Human will deifies itself, and denies all authority except that which comes from itself. We live in times in which Thrones are overturned and the lives of Sovereigns threatened. Are not France, Germany, Italy, and Russia trembling on the brink of an outbreak of anti-Christian revolu tion such as the world never saw before ? The struggle of Christ and Antichrist is drawing near. On tile one side is the Church of Christ in unity, solidity, and power, expanding con tinually and steadily ; on the other hand, the shaken authorities of the world, which laid hands on the prerogatives of Christ, trembling on the verge of its own chastisement. Thu Church of Cod stands imperishable, indissolu ble, immutable, full of light in the midst of all the confusions and disorders of the world—one supreme authority, gladly obeyed by millions and millions of disciples of Jesus Christ. His Eminence then proceeded to point out the threatened aspect of affairs in the times of (Gre gory I. and Clement VII., and showed how the Church emerged from those trials with redoubled power. So, said his Eminence, will the Ponti ficates of Pius IX. and Leo XIII. be deemed glorious times by our successors. In conclusion his Eminence spoke of the venerable French abb<5 who founded the old church, and then turned to the zealous pastor who for twenty two years had laboured amongst them, and by whose zeal and liberality the present fine church had risen up at a cost of £10,000, of which he was happy to say there remained hut £500 to pay before the church could be consecrated. For this small sum his Eminence made a forcible appeal to the congregation either for single or united efforts to make up this sum. in order that his next visit to the church might be for its consecration. To encourage them he mentioned the interesting fact of one old Chelsea veteran having left his all, £100, to the new church, and another still living who generously gave of his small store the sum of ten pounds. Let this encourage them, and let them remember that what they did was for a Divine Master, who said, when the poor woman had anointed his feet, ‘ ‘ Let her alone, she has done what she could,” and who measures not the gift, but the heart of the giver. 