A; SPECTRAL BAKER. (From the New York Times.) 'The ancients firmly believed in a place of future punishment. When wo romeuiber that their method of conversation was to con stantly remark. ' What, ho ! my B.ilbus,' and ' Tnou sayest truly, my Sillust,' wo at once psreeive that they must have bored one an other to that extent that nothing less than a belief in Tartarus could have given tbein any comfort. It was held by all classic scientific persons and theologians that Tartarus was situated in the centre of the earth, and that rapid transit thereto was obtained by the way of volcanoes. Of course, with the progress of science, we have discarded this crude no tion. ' We look upon the volcano as a ateaui safety valve, and feel certain that it has not been and never will be exposed to the risk of being ehoked up with the souls of Western Democratic statesmen. Aud yet there are certain., stories which the scientific persons cannot very well explain. -Many years ago an Italian vessel was sailing neir S ram :oli,and from its deck, a particularly bad pii:st was seen sailing through tho air iu charge of a de termined looking demon. The pair made straight for toe mouth of Stramboli, and dis appeared down the crater, tho bad priest loudly protesting that be preferred to go home. The astonished spectators simuliaueuusly con sulted their watches and noticed the hour. On arriving in port they hastened to buy the fourth edition of the afternoon paper, aud on looking at the list of deaths, saw that the priest died precisely at the timo when they siw him navigating the air on his way to tho Stramboli. Now on the supposition that tho aacients were right in their opinion that Stramboli is on tho gateways of Tartarus, this Story is by no means incredible j but if the ancients were wrong, it is inexplicable, Toe Scientific Person will take a shoe; way out of the difficulty by denying that the crew of the vessel saw what they professed to have Been, and will maintain that it is easier to suppose that they were all drunk than to suppose that the soul of of a bad priest was seen to descend into the crater. This however, will not be satisfactory to thinking men, and if they refuse to believe the story, they will prefer the more charitable theory that the vessel, its crew, and all tho rest of the tale were invented by a paragraph-it of the period. But now comes a fresh story which cannot Englishman, with his wife and children — the latter including several grown up daughters, were, on the Bummit of Vesuvius, accompani ed by a number of guide a. What they were doing we are not told, but beyond a doubt they were engaged in roasting eggs in the ashes — that being the sole object for which the Neapolitan believes that Englishman as cend the mountain. Suddenly one of the daughters Eaw the baker who supplied them with bread at their English home walking hurriedly towards the crater. She instantly cried out,' 'Papa, there is Harry.' The father looked up, and perceiving tho baker, who was close at hand, exclaimed. ' Bless my soul its 'Arry— Harry I mean. This is very hodd—I should Bay odd." Simultaneously the Englishman's wife and all his numerous children, saw the baker, and called him to explain what he had come there for. The man paid no attention to their calls, but hur- ried on with a troubled expression on bis face, and carrying under his arm a bundle, which doubtless consisted of heavy bread or burnt tarts. Beaching the brink of the era ter he sprang into the abyss and disappeared from the horrified gaze of the English family. The guides who witnessed the affair re marked to one another that ths strange Eig lish lord must have been more than usn.tily mad to thus jump into the crater, bat took no farther interest in him. One of tbera con sented, for a large bribe, to climb a little w y down'tbe crater in search of the miserable baker,but was soon driven back by the smoke Constantly remarking that "Aery's conduce was most hextraordiuary — that is extraordin ary;". the English traveller and his brood des cended the mountain and returned to their hotel. Three days later they learned by a letter that at the hour when they were iu (he mountain, the baker had died in his bed at his English home. Had one Englishman seen this remarkable vision, we might have said he wa3 druuk or crazy ; but we cannot pretend that a whole English family, which at a moderate estimate probably consisted of a father, a mother, and twenty seven unmarried daughter-', were all labouring under a delusion. Moreover, the guides saw the shadowy baker plunge into tbe;crater and are prepared for u reasonable compensation to make affidavits to thit ef fect and to supplement them, by appeal to the virgin and San Gennaro to certify to the truth of their statements. The evidence in support of the story is precisely aliko in tho character to that which the average person stays at home has of the existence of a crater on the Bummit of Vesuvius. A numherofa tiurists and guides asBeit that they havo seen" the crater. If we believe them, why should we not believe a number of tourists and a number of guide who assert that tbey have sesn the ghost of an English baker leap into the crater. It ,wi!l be readily acknowledged by all tlie housekeepers that Vesuvius is peculiarly suited to the average baker. If tbe wretched Harry, was like other bakers he must have constantly exasperated the British public by bringing, morning mulfinB three hours uftor breakfast time, and serving sour and heavy bread, and by supplying innocent nurseries with wholly inedible tarts. There was a pe- ou.liar'fitne88 in his fate. He had Luinud tarts in hiB life time, and it was only fair that he should know how it was himself — to urn the familiar expression of the lute Mr Tweed. He had baked heavy bread, and if bis ghost was. weighted with a buDdle of such broad us a sinker poetic justice was observed. Oa the whole when we consider the evidonce of tho many;witnesses on the mountain, and the un doubted fitness of the crater ub a final Judging for an' habitual baker, the probability of the story seems too great to bo denied. It.is hoped that American as well as Eng lish bakers will take warning. Like the plumbers tbey have latterly taken great com fort in the encouraging theory of Gul . Iuger- soll.- Here' however, is a signal refutation of the "Western theo.ogian's views. What has happened to one bukor, may and will pro bably happen to others. 