A SINGULAR HIARRIAGE; on, LONELY LITTLE NETTIE. A TALE OF ;Romance, Love, and Mystery. CHAPTER XXX. Mrs.' Blushiugton moved through the rooms in silver brocade and diamonds, her white hair brushed over a prodigious cushion, while a white satin mask, fringed with silver, concealed her perspiring countenance, Belle sailed about, enacting the part of the Sultana very skilfully. Bertha was a flower girl, with baskets of fragrant roses, and skirts of pea-green satin, just short enough to disclose sandalled feet and pretty taper ankles; while Beatrice had taken the part of Lucia di" Lammermoor, in deep blue \--velvet, with a wide frill of Valenciennes lace at her throat, and her luxuriant hair dressed with pearl ropes and a silver arrow. Nettie had superintended the toilette of each, and flitted from dressing-room to dressing.room, until her little feet ached and smarted from sheer weariness ; and when they had all gone down stairs, she sat for a minute or two before the fire, gazing into its luminous depths. "And now," she murmured to her self; " it is my turn." .Softly.stealing to the mirror-fronted, wardrobe on the opposite side of the room, she took out a discarded box, sent from. a- London costumier's, A plain white domino and white mask had accompanied the dresses ; these Nettie hurriedly assumed, with beat ing -heart-and cheeks flushed, and then ,smiled, at her own reflection in the glass. "'I look like a ghost," she uttered, half aloud, '",with these straight, white-folds falling from head to foot, and the-ghastly white domino conceal ing my face. I may sifely'go where I .please, .now,without fear of dis covery ." Noiselessly she descended the flower-garlapded stairs, whose deep piled carpet- of velvet felt like moss underneath her footstep ; slowly she threadedber waythrough the. merry throng, and stood in the recess of a window, haf ,obscured by the tall, tropical foliage, and.creamy flower cups of the lilies of the Nile. Her heart-throbbed high ; her eyes glittered, as.she beheld the'brilliant and varied erowd-moving to'and' fro, like the constantly Changing combi nations of a kaleiedoscope. "It is like a vision-a dream,"' she cried to herself. "'Oh I I could s'and here for ever, and' see 'the beautiful dresses,. the flash of jewels, and the nod of plumes." 'You 'are wai'm, Miss Out'wood. I th:nk the rooms ahMe overheated. Pray allow me to get you -a glass of water." :.::: ." ?: Nettle started---a strange ;terror shot through all her veilns atithe low, exquisit:ly modulated ,tone of Telit Amory'p' voice' ;e,, at was he deserted husband, ;in" a plain, black serge domino, uniimnB?led, 'with his pale face and dark hair, looking even paler and 'darker;::than. their :wont" against the dead black of his dress and on his arm leaned-Annie Outwood, in her simple costumetii of .anun, with rosary and cros?, "and a wlhite silk cord tied round hor-waist??.. . Annie Outwood was as.unlike her cousin Marian as itwohutail creaitures could p'resibly. be. She ::as all gentleness, softness, and sweetness and during the two days in which they had been thrown into constant compalti6nship, Nottie Lehind had learned to love her dearly. It was 'but.a" minute or two before Mr .Amo tr returned lith a goblet of ied water, .and after a' pause, they wilked on. Annie's masked face uplifted eonfidingly to that of her companion, and Felix Amory talking in a low, earnest voice. Nettie's quick car could --atch one or two sentences, as thiey.,passed once more, to look at the lilies aCt her-side. "And" your lifei.. is so' lonely-·o self-conlained," Miss Ott.t.ood mur mured.: "It is lonely," he a6slQt i d"1adl. " Moro solitary, perhaps, teiai ijf I dwelt on the top of-Mount St. Bernard, amid the eternal snows. For there is a loneliness of heart and soul that i ere Inumanu componionship can ncvr tlEct.'" "But," she hesitated, bending'her face over the snowy scroll of a stately lily, " will it be always thus ? " " I see no prospect of any cha'nge," he answered, in a constrained way. " Shall we walk on, Miss Outwood'? " A deep, groaning sigh burst 'from. Nettie's very heart, as she stood-there, motionless as a statue, in her white robes. " Is there no end to the mischief I am destined to work?" she asked herself passionately. " She loves him! . I can see it, although she herself is yet ignorant of the sacred flame kindled in her breast'! She loves him-and he-oh, God:! he is chained for ever to a dead memory !" (To be .ConitihuL .) 