Mr. Smiths' Item. He came into the office, aud drawing a chair up closoto a reportcrs's tabic lie said to the reporter : ' Take a bit of paper and I'll give you a good item.' When the reporter was ready the visitor began : ' Yesterday afternoon Mrs. braitn — my wife, you know— and my daughter drovo out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving the marc, coming down from' Mount Airy to the Wissahickon, when, just below the crest of the hill she kicked off one of her shoes.' ' Jenny did ?' 'No; the mare. Mrs. Smith, how ever, concluded to go 011, as the roads were soft and the mare quiet ; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the hill.' ' Let Mrs. Smith or the mare ?' ' The mare of course. A few minutes later, however, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose.' ' Upon Jenny's nose or her mother's ?' ' No no ! The mare's nose ; bit the mare upon the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to get back into the carriage before sbe began to rear and plunge iu a most alarming manner.' ' Not Jenny ?' ' Oh, pshaw, the animal, the mare. Mrs. Smith, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed really excited, she began to scream violently and to try to get out of the carriage.' ' The mare did ?' ' Mrs. Smith. But Jenny told her she could manage the mare if she would sit still.' ' If the mate would sit—?' 'If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke and Jenny was unable to prevent tbe mare from dash ing down the hill at a frightful pace. When they came to the bridge over the creek, Mrs. Smith was overjoyed to ob serve tbe mare come to a dead stop ; but nnbappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck ber, and — ' ' Struck Mrs. Smith, or the—?' ' Don't you understand ? Struck the mare and before J enny conld comprebeod the situation, she reeled abont npon the bridge in an uncertain sort of way, while Mrs. 8mith was completely unnerved and without Jself control, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the water.' ' Are you referring now to Mrs. Smith or Jenuy or tbe mare ?' ' Why, the mare ! Of course sbe dragged the carriage in with her, and Mrs. Smith and Jenny in with it. Alt three sank to tbe bottom, bnt tbe mare almost immediately strnck out for shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swam past Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith olutohed at her dreBS — ' ' Not the mare's dress ?' 'At Jenny's dress, and this forced her to loose ber hold upon the tail.' ' I thought you said Jenny had hold of the tail : not Mrs. Smith.' ' So I did. Mrs. Smith bad hold of the — the — I mean, yes, Jenny had hold of the mare's tail and Mrs. Smith had hold of her dress,' ' Whosedress, Jenny's or the — ' ' You know very well wbat I mean. Mrs. Smith held on to Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Mrs. Smith pulled ber loose, unintentionally, of course, and as the mare swam off Mrs. Smith said to her — ' ' To the mare ?' ' You think you're smart now, don't you ? Yon know well enough I mean Jenny.' ' Well, then, Jenny said to tbe mare, what ?' ' I've got a notion to punch your head for you, you scoundrel.' ' What did she say that for V' ' I came in here,' said Mr. Smith, fiercely, ' to give yon a first-rate item, and I was going to tell you wbat Mrs. Smith said about the mare being dragged from the water and how she turned somersaults all the way home ; but hanged if I'll do it now.' Tbe reporter rose slowly and elevating a chair to ward off the missle, he calm'.y inquired : ' What ohjeot had Mrs. Smith in turning somersaults all the way home V' The people wbo saw Mr. Smith come down stairs and emerge from the front door say he looked as white as if be had just seen a ghost. A bank gave tbe safe combination, .to. its janitor, and then it became an unsafe 1 combination. ? 