A STEP OK THE 6TAIB. I A top on the stair— Iknowit well— A rustle by cQken garment* made, A Bound like that of a human hand Nervously olutohlng the balustrade. These I have heard f or many a year In the silent pauses of every sight ; I have watched, but never would aught ' appear Confirming the ghostly sound, with sight, At the midnight hour 'us always there — The trailing silk— the step on the stair. n. ' 'Til a quaint old mansion where I stay, The bedroom ancient where I sleep, With curious carvon furniture. And curtains dusk o'er windows deep. The oidcen floor is dry with years, And creaks to every footstep there ; But the room is silent when I hoar The trailing silk— the step on the stair. Sometimes it pauses beside my door, Then psoos again the hollow floor. in. ' What bodes the visitor here f' I slid, And trimmed my lamp and watohod again, Cautiously opened the paneled door And searched the quivering dark in vain. Outside the landing space was wide, The polished floors were always bare. I heard the garments brushing aside And going down— the step on the stair ; Aye, going down till it seemed to fall And rest on the lowest step of all. n. I spoke, and the hand on the rail slid down, And a sound ass ring on oarren wood ; T« the hall below a sign so deep Game audibly awful where I stood. I entered the room with trembling haste And barred the door with a cumbrous chair, And then again— the trailing of silk— Ascending, I heard the step on tho stair— ?Ascending and slowly pacing by, With the rustling silk and deep-drawn sigh. . '?' ' v. Women are bravo in the parlour light, And men will joke' at the tales of ghosts ; But ho who sleeps in that silent room Never again of his valour boasts. The timid domestics whisper fears And shun tho stairs when tho dork oomoa on. This was the dread for the many years] While I have slopt in tho room alone : No night can pass but the listener there May hear the measured step on the stair. VI. With threbs at my hoart that broke all rest, That sleepless night I sat in my chair ; I heard tho sigh of tho wind outside* And), the sign more awful on the stair ; All that old memories stored away I searched in vain ; the problem sought Lay buried deep in the after-life That awakens fear and vexes thought ; While ever the stop and sigh tho same I heard till the gray of tho morning oamo. VII. Outside, by tho stairs, in a mouldered frame. Is a pioture of one in silk and loco — A stately damn of tho olden time, With curled grey hair and a haughty face. I said to tho sorvitor : ' Who is thin I'1 And ha, with a harrowing look, replied : ' Yon have heard it, then— the step on the etairf It is 5'ram, aye, fifty, sinco.nlio died 1 And ever siucu then— she was mitttrets here— Tho guosU of that room her footsteps hear. Till. 'This, my lady, was proud and high. And hor bou as proud and high as she ; B.nt ho was fierce and (riven to lend— Bad blood ran thick in the family. One night tho father and son, in wino, Brawled at a kinsman's and fought with swords, And late, in the midnight, covorod with blood, 4Thoir dead, dead bodios came homo on boards — Laid down there, at tho foot of the stair — Oh ! the blood wag running everywhere I IX. ' My lady heard— yos, that was her room— O, she was white ! but her step was staid — You would never have known she cored at all But by her clutoh at the balustrade. And then her ring, as it Bmote the oak, Wounded hor hand till it bled like theirs ; But sho saw naught but the two, nor spoke ; Sudden sat down ou the dabbled stairs, She cried nor spake, but rigid as stono, Only stored down at father and son. x. ' The women cried — but she sat still, And never a sign of word or tear ; Hor face was blanohed as any snow, But hor eyes were awful — so block and clear I Her maid in her frenzy took nor hand, But shrieked as it fell from her grasp like lead. ' There sat my lady — still high and Brand, But mercy, 0 save us I she was dead 1 Now, overy night einoe Bhe sat down there Hor stop is heard on the oaken stair.' - XI. I pondered — there is no grace in this — ^Tis a somewhat dreadful tale of blood ; But no whit wiser, in that I Boek ' That which has never been understood. Besolve and courage should furnish me This chamber tut I had conquered fear And measured the moral power of ghosts. This is why I'm domiciled here ; And the lovo I have for the antique gfaoe That stays with spirits in such a place. ' ?? ' r xn. I like tho chamber quiet and dim 'Beasfuseof itrquamt uphdbrtery, . ... . v ? Withite upright bedstead, carved and tall, Its purple curtains and canopy, , Its high- booked choirs of twisted oak, 'Its mighty fire-plaoo graved in stone, Fire- dogs grinning asleep on the health And the blinking griffins wrought theroon, And cabinets old, whore sculptured Fates Are holding the titles to vast estates. j .. ' ' *-n. ' :'' ? i I litoiW groining and tapestry - \ And its mullioned windows, where I see , Tile first red rays of the sun illume ?? ' The vails, with their soulptured blazonry : '? Where the curtains flame with flowers of ' gold And the grotesque figures laugh and climb; With many a medieval triok In curious Gothio pantomime, And broken lights on the statues fall In shaded niches set in tho wall. XIV. Ah! aU these things Lave a charm for me And hold me yet a tenant at will. Though the brooding darkness wakes with sighs And: the step on the stair comoa nightly I fear no' ill of the viewless soul That, troubled, visits the patient gloom ; And only a prayer of pity greeta 'TH6 restless ghost of this haunted room. I should something lose did it oome not there, This sighing shade— the Step on the stair 1 ? ? ' * ? ? : Bxtobtiho Mtoanm,— Among ? apparatus 'wuioli nay .be called literary aids— writing, ?aijouliting, sndbtberiiiaoliinea— teenoUhe Paris Exhibition,- was one whiah: ?United1 mnoh attention, and which has not yet been introanoBd into this country. It is known «b 'Li Machine Bt6nogr»pht4ue MicheU,' the name ol its Inventor. ' The. elsims mads' . MspeoUng « are very brottV Intbe first olwe, it fc declared thtt after a fortnight's proolloe, any person ol ordinary ability eon take ?doiro.in- shorthand, ahar- ?etets anyspeeeh.iuiirever rapidly ^lellvMea. it is a small Instrument, flaiio-Uka in zona,' «ith twenty- tiro keys * white ana Mock, and tits Jrtenopaphio ehttaeterf ',ars naall on« toprsasei on dip of piper, fllgnor iiDoBU^ eUimi to have oIsmdV fiod all the. sounds . whion the. human 