" THE JESUIT FATHERS." ' ' ' ' -no. I. . ; In pi'oceeding to' fulfil our promise of a few articles ''on' 'the teaching and morality of' the' Jesuit Fathers " who have' just, with great pomp and'; circumstance, been established in 'our 'midst, we explain in a few words what our object is. It is not our 'purpose to write a history of the Jesuits. That would be too extensive : a work ' for our columns. There are plenty. of good histories, some voluminous, and .others ! more limited ; but for popular. use we recommend Nicolini's sketch, which' con- tains a sufficient "account to'- 'illustrate . what great blessing Dr. Vaughan 'has conferred upon the colony and. especially upon the Catholic people of New ' South Wales, in his boasted imputation of " Jesuit 'Fathers." '/In ;; the:'small work, " Blakeney's Handbook of the ' Romish Controversy," the teachings of the Jesuits 'are seen on every page, and; the moral f obliquity of -these great perverters of nations stands out in the audacity of shameless avowal. We intend in a short series to show what Jesuit teaching is as applied to the different relationships in 'which men stand to each other. We shall see that the Jesuit Fathers have come to teach us, and to teach the young lads in Woolloomooloo, and the young girls on the "Angels mount'" and the servant girls of the " North Shore Train ing Home," that lying is not lying, steal ing is not stealing, impurity is not im purity killing is no murder— and that everything is right which benefits the Church, and everything is wrong which prevents her attaining to that dbminancy in the world which she claims as her right, because it is Christ's right. It is necessary to state one or two facts. The Jesuits are the followers of Ignatius Loyola who founded what he called " the Society of Jesus," in the year 1536. He was Spanish by birth and a soldier by profession. Defending Pampeluna against the French, in 1521 he was wounded in both legs by a cannon ball ; so that, indi rectly, the French may be regarded as having thrown upon the world this noto rious leader who has done more evil in his "lasting work" than ever any other man that ever lived in it. As the wounded soldier lay on his bed, instead of reading his Bible (for he had none), he read all the novels of the day, one especially which was named — -the " Flos Sanctorum " — a romance of knight errantry ; and the " lives of the' Saints;" Thus his mind was fired with notions of the ambitions and visions which thus wbiled the weary hours. He resolved to be a saint— and his military training and dreams of knight errantry gave form and spirit to the saint model— a soldier saint — doing great things and ever warring with the world. . His first step was to devote himself to the Holy Virgin to be her true and faithful knight. Then he began to practise austeri ties which were in great vogue at the time. He would be a beggar; because poverty is good ; he would never wash himself, because there is sanctity in dirt; he would live in a cave, because there is more holiness in a cave than in a house ; and he would flsgellate himself, because whipping the flesh takes out the sin that is in it and makes its very odour sweet ! TheDominican monks were muchimpressed with what they saw in him; but they thought that he was mad. So they took him to their hospital to cure him of his illness ; but while lying in their hospital lie declared that he had received illumina tions arid visions from heaven ; he kept in a trance ' for 'eight days— a trance more wonderful than th'at' ofMr; Walker, who has just left .Sydney, and who could go off as ' often as the Hon!' Bowie Wilson re-, quired' ;;of liim- Next,' he proceeded to compose books of spiritual exercises and meditations which, were said to have been : suggested 1 by tho singe! Gabriel— and which abundantly foreshadowed the mar tial nature of the new saint's piety. Next, Loyola "set out on a visit to the Holy Land for the extension of the; authority of the Holy See', lia virig j hst prostrated him self at the feet of Pope Adrian VI. ' He was not long there when he; had to return because tlieWicar bf God had given ; the provincial of .the Franciscans there a bull enjoining ins returu to Jtturope. ms own country did - not ' much favour ; his wild fanaticism, for he was prohibited from preaching' by the authorities of Salamanca. Afterwards -lie wentito Paris to pursue his studies, ?an'd supported himself by.' occa sional Begging travels " to. 'Flanders and England. About tliis time Loyola gained two companions Le Fevre and Francis Xavier. Others, smitten with a love of the marvel lous, and believing ' in. the report of miracles being worked by the . wandering fanatic,, swelled the numbers of , the now brotherhood ; and, as - he . > gained the- accessions to his ranks Loyolawidem i his idea to the conquering of the wi i and the bringing of all nations to ' . : obedience of the faith of the - Holy S Binding themselves by vow's of obed Of, and offering themselves to the Pope w. whatever lie might order and go wl orem- he. might send them, they set;out. ..blessed by the Pope and furnished by luiu'Vwicli alms, on a second pilgrimage to P/ueVtme ; But they never reached it, as( Wiii- between the Turks and' the Venetians prevented their proceeding. Some of t it -m i-eturned to Rome to offer their ai-ryu-os to the Pope, and the others were to insinu ate themselves into the universities of Italy to endeavour to pervert the students and to gain them to their cause— a policy of the Jesuits which is followed,to the present day, and which undoubtedly has been followed in England recently, -with Ritualism and perversion to Popery as the certain result. The Pope graciously received those who cai in; jo him and gave them permission to tHHch , in Cologne. But this separate >1 an, of operation was not pursued for any , lengthened time. The brotherhood met. again at Rome, formed themselves into a new religious order, with a special name, and vowed to work specially under the sanction of the head of the Church. The name was to be the " Society of Jesus." The Pope approved of their code of laws, especially the one which bound the members to per petual and unqualified obedience to their superior, and that superior to the com mand of the Pope— and to go wherever the Pope might order them. One of the Cardinals, Guidiccioni, was opposed to the new order ; but it is said that his favour was bought by Loyola promising to offer to heaven 3000 masses for him. " The t Society of Jesus " therefore was instituted i and sanctioned and blessed by Paul III., I in the year 1540, by a bull " Regimini < militantis ecclesise." The following is an extract, which shows the spirit and pledge of the bull : — "Paul, Bishop, servant of the servants of . God, for a perpetual record. Presiding by , God's will over the government of the 1 Church, &c.; Whereas we have lately heard j that our beloved sons Ignatius Loyola, Peter le ( Pevre, Lainez, Francis Xavier, &c.;, priests of the cities . , inspired, as is piously believed, by ' the Holy Ghost, coming from various regions of ' the globe, are met together and become asso ciate ; and, renouncing the seductions of the , world, have dedicated their lives to the per petual service of the Lord Jesus Christ, and of us and of our successors, Roman Pontiffs ; and expressly for the instruction of hoys and of other ignorant people in Christianity ; and above all for the spiritual consolation of the faithful in Christ, by hearing confessions. . . We receive ! the associates under our protection and that of the Apostolic See, &c.; Ten persons are named ; and these ten got permission to increase their society to sixty persons: and so the new society began its terrible work--" Ad majorem Dei gloriam." "We hope our readers noticed the im portant communication which we gave in our last from the Rev. A. H. Guinness, Secretary of the Protestant Alliance? London, on the subject of the "TJrsuline Oonyent request," to have within its walls " a private burial ground." The good and holy ladies of that convent in the very centre of England, wanted to have a private burial ground which would be free from all contact of the outer world, and from the gaze or touch of the heretics, and which would be made more than usually sacred by the frequent sprinklings of . holy water, and the interment of members ot their own order. The request looked a very feasible one. The "chari table " people, who think of the ladies of prayer and almsgiving as the most smooth and soft and loving and pure of creatures, would have granted the request, as a matter of course and in the spirit of high gallantry ; but the secretary of the Pro testant alliance had his eye on the affair, and his letter had the effect of putting a stop to the convent arrangement. The two points in his letter which bear upon the matter, and were decisive were these — "The nuns or sisters are frequently persons of wealth "—disappointed lovers- sentimental young ladies who love the aesthetic— and young ladies who are some times put into convents by their relations with a certain fortune, for private reasons, which are not always known. Such young ladies might -conveniently die, and be buried, and all trace of their identity be lost; and then, of course, their property would fall into the hands of the convent authorities .and be quite irrecoverable.- — .Then, if such a secret and private burial ground had been allowed, what about facility for the concealment of. crime in the burial of little babies which, in a wonder ful way, do sometimes get into the holy convents. A case in point ip referred to, which ought to be remembered by every colonist, now that convents are springing : up all over the country. In 1865, when workmen were engaged digging in a place near Paris, they came upon a great many skeletons of babies. Altogether the skeletons of at least 800 babies were dis covered. The place had been a convent of very holy and strict nuns. Of course, there was' an orphanage attached; but orphanages attached to convents are them selves very convenient. Little children that come curiously are there not noticed. The priests and th'e nuns, may .have as many as they., please — they ' are all '" orphans ;" and then", ' if they, die, no rinquests are held, and no registrations make the fact public ; they, are quietly buried, poor little things, just as', if they had: never lived at all ! Strange to say, the good sisters never make- good mothers, > .'-—whether wet or dry ones. Yet they are very desirous of having charge of all the ' - children they can get hold of, servants and -nurses,1 'so as to train them to do their '"duties well ! ' But the great' , mortality " occurring" in convents is the best of all \- '-arguments against the eligibility of these ' " .dry ' nurses ' as good mothers., In one ' convent spoken of in the letter referred to, 'I%t:ivfwa8'f6und:that 98 children put' of the ' l'OO'disd/' lri another referred"; to if '- was , i:' Ifbufldlf.fhaout of' 719 ' 'Rabies;' .receidl.in-.' ';vX:pne'fyeir.' bhly '85 survived.' How could it <' !lpthe.V';,.Infant .life, is too 'delicate" -"'i for lhees' of conventual sisters. .' It' ''ieB-roiih.motheri.to nurse and foster. iiiTJit.1;Loviigi l|hands/ warmt bosoms, and' "vsleeples yies'are- needed to save the1, vital. i s'p'arlE Bui: a'c6rivhhtiM!-, sisters . are. ' like Mry 'treVh'eap' i 'taken out of them "; ,?:','Ker!arei.unld!fiftai women'; and so they i'.'i'O :>> : ";' ' "' - :an feed babies by bottles and wrap them lp and put them straight in their little red ;" but the little things die in the hands rf such machines. The Agar-Ellis case is now finally settled by appeal to the highest court of law in England. We give the judgment in full in another column, as the case is most important. We referred to it some weeks ago, when the Vice-Chancellor Judge Malins gave an interim judgment ; but as the case was appealed by Mrs. Ellis, the final result is even more import ant and decisive than the judgment against which the appeal was made. Our readers will remember the general facts. Mr. Agar-Ellis. a Protestant, married a Romish wife ; and, as usual, "the Church" demanded that the Protestant should, before the ceremony was performed, sign a paper promising that the children of the marriage should be baptized and brought up in the Romish Church, the religion of the mother. As the lady was in high rank a great deal of form and strictness was observed in the. drawing up of the document to be signed. The Pope gave his sanction to the marriage, as the lady would not enter into the. holy bonds without the permission and blessing of the Holy Father. Lawyers drew up the document in form and with all the condi tions attached ; and the Protestant bus band signed the document and got his wife. But as hi3 children were born his common sense began to return to bim. As he saw how the priests and the woman ruled his house, he began to see that he had committed a folly. He there fore resolved to make a change. As the children began to grow " he, naturally enough, wished his children to accompany him to church. They did so, while yet very young; but as the whole training of them was under the direction of the mother and the priests, troubles fegan. The wife refused to allow them to go to the Protestant Church with the father. She. told him that the children were hers. "She told him that their spiritual father, the priest and confessor, forbad their going to a heretical church. She told him that "the Church" was more than his authority ; and therefore that the children could- not obey him, and would not go to any other church but to the Romish Church. The children them selves began to show that they had been put up to disobey him. Young as they were they had learned the lessons of the mother and the priest so well that they refused to accompany their father and declined to obey, him. Of course the poor little things were only carrying out what their Popish teachers had taught them to say and do. At length Mr. Ellis saw that his house was not his own — that . his authority in the house was nothing — that his wife was the instrument of the priest rather than his own companion and friend— and that his children were in open revolt against him, through the combined instructions and influence of their mother and the priest. In shame and in rage he realized that he was reduced; in his own house, to the ignoble position of a mere " male party," to assist his wife to increase the number of the Church's children ! His wife and the Church had no further use for him. Of course he must pay the expenses of the house ; his property must be liable for all charges; The nurse, and the, doctor, and the schoolmaster he must pay on behalf of the children. Their drapery and . portion he must provide for them ; but he must have nothing, else to do with them ! He' must not talk to them about religion;; he must not pray, with them, he must not; read the Bible with them ; he must not' explain to them why . their , country is called a Protestant country,;, he must, not influence them in any way to think of; the Reformation as a great event iir the history of the country.;— in fact, lie must not say a word to .them, on any, moral .or; religious subject, as all these ; matters belong to their mother and , the priest ; — ; he has absolutely hothinght.all.tpdo,, with them, unless to, pay3he:|expenses.pf/ their birth and of 'their upbringing,, as thesclaim< of the Church-, shuts; qui his, claim.f-No) wonder that Mr. jEllis, jwhen lie sawfkim-: self thus .disgrpcedj: and .. .insulted, in his own house,, mid, fiats' his. 'ipifewa? .the- in- ; strwnent in the fiandsof the goriest , of- this : -fcbmk > of,. his, 'rights sought .to , , insist ,, u po.n . " was, a , folly and ,£> crime ; jbujb , arecnminal j and"illegal, .promises jttp, be kept.pr h,rpj?en,?, , answer that .tlmy(;.must _',,.e(.|.keptv$i the, keeping of .fiigm,as'fqr0flie .. service,, of the . 'Qhurch, .tpiit .that they mus b. ,jb e . .brxjken, on, the other hand, if. the: breaking of them is necessary for her advantage. Mr. Ellis did not go to the casuists of Rome but to the courts of English justice for the main tenance of his rightB ; and now the result is this, not only by the law of common sense, but by the law of moral righteous ness and the law of the land, viz., that such promises made before marriage respecting the abandonment, on the part of a father, of his duty to his prospective children are illegal and void and of no force whatever. Mr. Ellis therefore has been restored to his proper place in his family. The priest has been expelled ; the wife has been ordered to submit ; and the husband has been fully authorized to bring up his children in that religion which he prefers. — Now, it might be thought that, as this judgment of law is absolutely fair and equal when the husband is a Papist and the wife a Pro testant, as when the husband is a Protest ant and the wife a Papist, the Romish Church would be perfectly satisfied with it ; but oh no ; Popery is never satisfied with anything that is fair .and equal. Had Mr. Ellis been a Papist and the wife a Protestant, the law would have decided and said that bis promise was void and that the wife must allow the children to be brought up in the religion which the father might choose. This would have pleased the Church ; but as the case is the other, way, the Church is . greatly dis pleased. Yes, for the law of the Church is always; this, " Major bonum ecclesiai." And the reason is very plain ; . for very, few Protestant wives marry Popish hus-' bands, and, if ever they do, they have no chance of living but by absolute submis sion ; but most disgraceful is it to tell that a good many Protestant husbands marry Popish wives and become " male parties " in their own homes for the advantage of the Church — by which mixed marriages the Church always takes caae to be the gainer. — We hope that this important decision will bring relief to the ensnared consciences of many Protestant husbands in these colonies who have been unfaithful enough to sign papers to priests about their children when as yet unborn. We hone that Protestant husbands will con sider that their promises were illegal and void from the beginning. Why should they hand them over to a system which they themselves consider false and tyran nous 1 Why should they allow the Devil and the priest to take their place by the side of their wives and allow those wives to; be the instrument of dishonouring and humiliating them 1 If they have a spark of manliness remaining in their bosoms they will tell the priest to go about his business, and they will tell their wives, that if they wish to be Papists themselves they must not have the children also. The absurdities in which Popish; bishops and cardinals find themselves through their doctrine of purgatory, when they are speaking of the "happy dead;" and of those good men who have been taken' away from them to a "better world;" are very amusing, or rather, are very pitiful. Last Sunday evening Dr. Vaugban at his meeting in the cathedral for the collection of money for the building of St. Mary's, made some very peuliar remarks about the late Mr. Mullins, who had been one of the chief workers connected with the fund. Of course Mr. Mullins was referred to as a "good man"- — a very diligent and exemplary Catholic — a man who was very dear to the faithful and: especially dear to the Archbishop himself — a Catholic who loved the Church and was most pious and' devoted in the service ; or the Church. Well : the Archbishop, grieved at the iloss Of such: a useful and Christian man. : i But he had been taken away. : He had' been taken, to the heaven to" which the new I : Cathedral is to point.";; i- He had entered into his rest from 'his labour. . And so the Archbishop though t himself . j ustified in- ;indulging in; a " little extra : seriousness '' on the oecasion," as he grieved "over: the 'loss of his friend,, but:. thought of. the" blessed- ' : ness and fullness ,of; hisi reward. Where- upon, the - Archbishop1 perpetrated this 'most; laugbablelabsurdity— enough to- des troy:" the little . extra seriousness ."—by , asking fhe audience, , w ho , h ad, jus t listened , to the, praise, which . had , been, heaped , on .the good Mr.! Mullins;. and > who ,, had f just been told that the; good - Mr. Mullins , had , entered into, ,his forest, " to pray for the repose of his, soul ," ,-" Let usnnot .;be, >un- , jnindfuijpLthe-i,dea,d.;"j saidtr he, " let -us inf : t' an(pspecial jmajiner,;pray- for .the.repose jof ,;his .soul.", , " By; and-byewe.shanalso; be , (Called a\yay; to our ;rest)Sandjwe shallrhave ! .the, kind .memory, of; those , left behind us, , thinking, of ; us , while pronouncing their .prayers for the, repose of our, souls.'' .Sucli is the logical absurdity of the Archbishop when he speaks of his good people who are dead, and who have gone to their rest : — they are not good but very bad, and need the fearful fires of purgatory" — " the penal fires of purgatory to make them good ! They have not entered into their rest; but are in torment unspeakable, roasting, roaring, groaning, and calling to their friends on earth to pay the priest to have masses said for the repose of their seuls ! — By a paper which we have just received from England we find Cardinal Mannning in London perpetrating the same ludicrous absurdity about purgatory and rest. The. Cardinal was preaching a sermon in one of bis Popish chapels ; and, before he commenced, he read out a list of dead Catholics for whom the people were to pray that they might have repose of soul. The last on the list which he mentioned was the name of Paul, Cardinal of Dublin, who had just "gone to his rest !". Here are the words of Dr. Manning, " Paul last Thursday went from this evil world to his Divine Master. Remember him then in your prayers, for we all need the prayers of the faithful when we go hence into another and a better world ! !" And then, as if this werenotabsurd enough; the idea is repeated thus There, is not one: of. .us, however holy our lives may be, who will not stand in need when he has departed this life,, of the prayers of the living on earth, and of every, saint, in, heaven, before he can pass through the great ordeal that is before us all !,!".. We are certain that our . readers will' scarcely credit that such frightful contradiction and absurdity could be uttered' by anyone pretending to be in, his sober senses. To go to this "great ordeal in other words, to go to be roasted in terrible fire for years it may be, and, it may be for centuries, so as to need the prayers of saints on earth and saints in heaven, is said to be an " entering into rest," a " going to the Divine Master," and a " going to a better world !" What a horrible future is before the Catholic ! No matter how pure and holy his life may be, the future that is before him, when he departs this life, is so awful and miserable that it is natural that lie should be afraid to die. This is all that; sacra ments and absolutions and saints and the Virgin and Jesus Christ Himself can do for the poor Catholic ! But the teaching of the Bible is altogether the opposite. The Hev. Dk. Barry.— Our readers will be glad to: hear the little we can give them about our friend on his travels. We have not re ceived anything from him directly; but the following are a few particulars from a letter just received by his family. ' The- dates are .22nd; to 2Gth December, when lie reached Bombay. On the 23rd he went on to Allohabad, where his brother met him to accompany him on his journey. He was 3S hours iii the train between the two places. He h i found it very cold, so that he needed the fl unels and wraps which had been well provide 1 Die day, after arrival the: brothers started fo Delhi, Cawn- pore, Aza Benares, and- other places. He seems to be enjoying himself notwithstanding the fatigues and drawbacks of travel. As he is well, and seeing new scenes, we doubt not but that' the change will do him good. By, this time he will have begun his return journey. Medical Election .for the Jnfjbmary. — We notice with pleasure the iname, of Dr. Craig Dixson on the list of candidates for , the position of honorary physician to the Sydney Infirmary He asks election -to this , position by the subscribers and' "governors of 'the institution at the annual meeting, to be held on Monday, 24tli instant. ' This young gentleman is a native of the colony ; and having finished his preliminary studies iu Sydney,., he went to the. famous University of Edinburgh, where, with high credit and excellent testimonials, lie completed .his 'curriculum!,:! During, the six years': of. -his professional study in that University he had the-advautage of- the-- instruction: of the most eminent men in.i the: different 1 branches of medical and . surgical knowledge. In addition to this lie perfected his practical work and experience, under' 1 the, best': teachers in Dublin !ahd London ; bringing with hiih to the colony diplomas of merit .which, give the, most satis factory guarantee, of his proficiency, as a medical man. 'Wei have no doubt'' that'Drl ''Craig Dixson, 'like many other young 'men of ' the colony who have talieiv- high,,' place .-in-, the" "universities of Engliu)d.,aud„ Scotland.aud,. Ireland, and have riseiiyto. eminence .„in, their profession,, amongst us, wiU'prov.e himseirworthy'oE' the advantages which he has enjoyecir""D'rs. Jones, JRenwick, Quaife, 'Howison,aird'"McKellar rank as among 'our most: successfuI practitioners— sons of1 the 'soil, 'educated at liomej and 'found 'to be' amongst ; jusjmpst reiia satisfied that Dr. Dixson has but to 'find, an opening to take his place woi;thilyr,ainongthese his professional brethren; ' Webus int'roliuce. him to the con- J &!''an%'n82i'ib\the,,Vrnofe'land" sub- A ( .11 i)!U» fiurl R.I ' , scribers of tlie Sydney Infirmary, .'andlibespeaK for him their vote and interast. All other things being equal, our colonial young men, who come back to us with all. the qualifications which the mother country can give them, have a prior claim to the prestige and honour which our public institutions can confer upon them. The Grand Orange Lodge of Queensland. —We have received a copy of the report for the year ending 1S7S, and are glad to find that there are in our neighbouring colony a good band of 38 lodges subject to the Grand meeting in Brisbane. We hope that unity will be their strength, and that the brethren will continue to realize high objects for the which they are associated. The outside public will cease to have suspicion of those objects in proportion as the brethren in faithfulness walk according to the rules of their noble institution. The re proaches of the Papists and of those who are more than Papists — the "charitable,"' "non- protesting," and "liberal" Protestants— are a benefit for which the brethren ought to be thankful. . . ' ' The Dubeo Orange Case;— A renegade and grossly inconsistent' Orangeman, who gives his name: as James Jones, has been expelled from the Orange lodge at Dubbo. He is very angry at such expulsion, and he has gone to the local k papers to tell his tale and appeal to the sympathy of the public. He states that the only reason which he knows of for his expulsion is this— He bought tickets for the Popish lottery which was held in the district in aid of the building of a Popish school. It happened that he got a prize in the lottery. Some of the brethren accused him of breaking his obligation in-. assisting a system which he professes to abhor. They told him that he had done wrong and that he could not be regarded as a faithful brother. .He. resisted - the accusation, and said that he had a right "to assist in the cause of. education no matter who were the promoters." So he justified himself, aud he expects that the liberal and , charitable Protestant public will sustain, him in his appeal, and approve of his conduct ! The lodge, however, has replied that the expulsion of James Jones had nothing to do with the .purchase, of lottery tickets ; and it adds that the reason for his expulsion is known to; himself which it declines to make public, but which it has formally and officially stated to himself. Such is the case. The lodge has done right in declining to state to the public the cause of. the expulsion -Of .James Jones.-; It has . nothing to do with the ' public' ; and it confines itself to .its duty , in . dealing with the brethren. and with thenv only;; ,But!Mr:i Jones gave sufficient cause for his. ; expulsion in. his inconsistent; and absurd I , conduct! in buying tickets for a Popish lottery.) He ought to know that lotteries are illegal;; t ;and; that ' the silly, device of . the Papists in .calling their lottery " on the . art ; union," . ought to > have made him , abhor them all the. more as /having., falsehood and fraud on the face ,of-t them. , , But' could any thing. be more, absurd than for an Orangeman, who professes to .abhor. Popery as a huge imposture .which would destroy.our. civil and religious liberties, ' it ; jit. had : the power; to support it. by buying lottery tickets ?, Mr.: Jones shelters himself undeiuthe weak excuse that it was, for the " cause , of . education !" : Yes, lie is very .anxious about education.; .but does he not see that Pooish schools. i are erected,, for the purpose of educating _ the young in -that system of. superstition and lying;-, and! :iinscriptural doctrine which every i Orangeman > is bound to protest against ? : Mr. Jones ishould i repent of his blunder. , : J.' :; / or'/' : Mr. Taylor, Mayor' of Dubbo. — Our- ex posure of this' gentleman's iumProtestant con duct in presiding at the 'Popish 1 lottery iri Dubbo, ' approving "of "it, arid- thanking the Papists 'for their confiderice -in : the honour which they had done him 'in asking'him to take the chair,.' has had one good 'effect-— it has made him feel how ' small and' ridiculous he is. We don't know that the Protestant clergyman of Dubbo lias yet exercised discipline; upon him; biit we hear'that if the Gospel man has nqt been seeking to 'instruct ' the 1 ' straying sheep, that sheep has been going '-to the laib man to-' see if he could not1 revenge himself on us for' our fidelity to him. ' We i wish' that, we could reach all the Taylors' in the 'colony and: make them feel i ashamed' of ; themselves.' - Their; mean drivelling and' paltry 'coiirting Of priests arid sisters, are so disgusting '.and contemptible that no flagellatiorifis 'top much' for them. , - ' , The Hon. W- B. Dalley's Lecture. — In noticing the " IfouridaboutPapers " ;of Mr. Dailey, delivered last week' in the/Guild Hall, in aid of the building ;bf, St. Mary's Cathedral, we i are bound' to "express .'.our , regret that Mr. John Davies thought / it right for, him to be one of the audience on, the occasion. , We have noi doubt tliat he did so as the friend of Mr. Dailey, with whom he had been , brought into intimacy while, members of the . same Ministry. , We don't , wonder, at/any personal friendship with Mr. Dailey,- for Iris, igenial spirit is very catching/ . But, Mr/: Da vies forgot the object of the lecture, arid that, personal friend ship was outside the. questipn. ... . He, /forgot that the object was to. provide money /to , build St. Mary's, mass, house, , which is to be a " monri- merit to all generatioris. coming of .the. fsiith and zeal of Catholics." Such are the words, of Dr. Vaughan ; -and, surely, therefore, !eyery. Protest; ant ouglit jealously ! resolutely : to; refuse to give money v pr countenance , iu auy. shape or form to such an object. But, more than, this, Preen irin,', , in /giving/ a. .report;' of ,, the lecture, states that the.Rev., Dr. Kelynack was present ! We don't belieye . that'.,/ We have experience of the lying of Mwemari in", reporting/persons, as E resent at Popish , meetings— -some of them eing , what.;;2'ycemari'6' Jesuitry would. -call " morally present." ;We remember, for example, wheri the foundation, stone of : St. ' Mary's was laid, : Fr eeman . stated tHat! Mr. M- Chapman was present ; . which was untrue. We remember, also, . ,that jwheri ; A r'chcleacon , MriHn?r.0.6, died, arid .mass Syas said , in St. Mary's , for, tlie irepose of.- his soul,. Freeman reported ."tliat ; ,the ltev. Dr. Steel was present,; which was, also ; untrue. Vould it be ;ariy ,Avorider, if, on r another .occasion wheri i.St.jjMary's" .is'/ interested, /.another, lie should be added to 'the.'litj, by, freeman- report ing : that. Dr./Kelyn'ack' Ayris/present! ?, No doubt, as( -..personal,,,' fm case,', of Mr. 9hject of the lecture,' spjjDr; for oratory, and desire to "bear tlie well-known oratory' of Mr. Dailey, inay have made him also forget the object of the lecture ; but we sball not believe the report until it is confirmed. We cannot believe that Dr. Kelynack would so forget. If . he did, the fact is greatly to be deplored as a weakening of our hands when they ought to be strengthened. — But now, look ing at the lecture itself, Ave cannot but say that the substance of it was unworthy of Mr. Dailey. We suppose that the rhetoric was, as usual, good ; but the teaching of the lecture is far beloAV what Ave should have expected. The poetical and sentimental nature of Mr. Dailey had full scope in describing the highly ornate cathedrals of the continent, their painted Avindows, their mosaic floors, their dim religious light, their massive pillars, their heaven-pointed steeples, and their perfect beauty, &c.;, &c.; ; and of course it was natural for him, in the gush of his poetry, to say that such beauty aud grandeur Avere acceptable to God and honouring to Christianity, and purifying to the people — in fact, were the poAverful means of educating the people in the truths of Christianity, and of filling their minds with the joy and spirit of heaven ! This is poetry, or rhetoric, or imagina tion ; but it is not truth, and certainly it is not according to the miserable facts which are everyAvhere' to be seen round about those splendid cathedrals. Mr. Dailey knows, of oourse, and ought to have felt, that the grand cathedrals to which he referred, and others, were, instead of being the gifts and expressions of a people's piety, the expressions of thi3 or that king's pride, or of his desire to make up bv an expenditure of money in such grandeur, for the crimes and wiekedness of his life ; or, that they were the expression of the supersti tion of certain monks, who had money and got money by means which Avant bear looking at. How, for example, was the great St. Peter's built? How were its splendours got? — by fraud and extortion of the worst sort ; by the sale of indulgences by which the poor people were robbed ; yet St. Peter's stands to fire the poetical feelings of certain orators and to incline them to moralize on the beauty of art and of its pointing heavenward ! — It is a gross mistake to infer from splendid cathedrals the piety of the builders, or the piety of those who provided the money, or the power which such bildings have to instruct the people in the truth, or to point them heavenwards. The heathen had their splendid temples as well as the Papists, and they had them for the same reason — "to glorify the priesthood;" and the same results followed in both cases ; splendid temples and ignorance— gorgeous ceremonies and degrading; superstition— proud . priests and crawling people— a select feAV who flattered each other and a mouth-gaping people who were fleeced andqieeled. for; th.ev.ery .grandeur which was the .measure of their own degradation ! — Next Aveek Aye; shall .notice,, again; Mr. Dalley's lecture. i' The Rev. Mr. 'Chiniquy at Melbourne.— Our readers will .be i glad' to 'knoAV that the Pastor has opened: his campaign in Melbourne. He preached in the grand- church' — the Scots church — Collins-street, on the morning of his first Sabbath in: Victoria ; and was received by a very great crowd. In the evening he preached in a suburban - church ; and on both occasions cave meat satisfaction with his simnle and interesting addresses, which he. declines to call " sermons." The. lectures: began on Monday evening, .'wliemhe received ia; welcome from the Grand Orange Lodge of Victoria and from the audience which .evidently touched him, as his reply was -evidently given amid much emotion: A; C. Ramsay, Esq.,- one of 'the iriembers of the late Ministry. iof : Victoria; -took the chair, and the Rev. Dr. McDonald and - the Rev. Mr. Hoskins opened- the". meeting with praise and prayer. He lectured again the folloAving evening; i Avhen: Dr. Figg took the chair and Rev. :Dr. Gilchrist, formerly of Sydney, opened the proceedings , with prayer.' The subjects of the addresses were similar to those Avhich were dealt with in .- this! ioolony:-; Tne t impression Avhich he has made is good and encouraging ; but as usual,- and perhaps more in Victoria than in Sydney, the 1 Aveak and liberal "Protestants are afraid, and many who would not alloAV them selves to be-reckoned" weak, " dare not. But Pastor Chiniqny is . not, .'a' young beginner. He has experience of.this rotestant. unfaithful ness and timidity, or, ..as they .love to call it, pr uderice. and charity. . ' He 'is , a, veteran of a hundred fights.' He! has liad cairns arid storms ; but his cause, is a noble one.' ,, iri the very spirit of the ; Apostles he /goeri . forth .'to, preach the Gospelto,; expose./ the '; Judaism ..which is " another . Gospel "—and - to,"; withstand the trimmers, who ought riot, to be borne Ayith for a sirigle /hour. !We hope that his Avarm and heric soul ' will help tp, kindle ; a . holy flame under the cold' ribs of unrProtestant Protest- antism./j1,,'.'./. .. j ... ' ; . . /, .PoBisH Liberty of Conscience. — Only the other, day we received news , from Queenstown, in Ireland, of a priest urging< his people from his altar to "squash" a bookseller near the chapel, who had: in his window a small handbill Avith a text quoted from the Catholic version of the, Bible, about " confessing sin unto God " — to attack tbe shop — and to destroy the handbill in the window as insulting to Catholics; and the news added . that the obedient people attacked the shop aud destroyed the windoAV, and, threatened the life of the unhappy book seller. Now, we have received the folloAving from another part of Ireland, which tells us emphatically that it is not Chiniquy only that is attacked with sticks and stones, but other lecturers who will expose and refute the lying claims and teachings of the Church. Protest ants here ought to learn what is safely in store for them when the kind-hearted and gentle and charitable Romanists get the upper hand : — " While the Rev. J. T. Waller was delivering in Limprick last night one of a series of lectures begun last week in connection with the Irish Church missions to Roman Catholics, an immense crowd besieged the house in which he was lecturing. They hooted him and made such a noise that lie was obliged to dissolve the meeting and retreat from the house. In doing so . he was struck on the head , with a brick, Avhich felled him. His life Avas in immineut danger, when he Avas rescued by a party of foot and mounted police. . He was, placed on a car arid escorted ; by, the police to his residence at /Pallas Kenry, but the car was followed through the streets by great crowds, who: still threatened him with violence." 