Ail Indispensable Portion of the British Constitution. (From the World, July 30.) THE Serjeant-at-Arms is chiefly "at home" in the House of Commons. It is doubtful whether strangers in the gallery, omitting notice of the important section below the gangway, can, even by straining their necks, catch a glimpse of the armchair set just outride the bar, in which through long nights Captain Gosset sits en throned. But there are epochs in the business of the evening when they are privileged to behold, advancing up the floor, a portly gentle* man whose broad shoulders and shapely limbs are well set off by the handsome Court dress which, from time immemorial, the Serjeant-at arms has worn in the House of Commons. They see him march towards the table with sword in white scabbard at his side. As he advances he thrioe pays obeisanoe to the Chair; then, seizing the heavy mac© with steady grip, he lifts it on to the brackets in front of the table, and bowing Jow retires, and in the recesses of his chair again disappears from the gaze of the stranger in the This is Captain Qosset, Serjeant-at-Arms, and an indispensable portion of the British Constitu tion. Someone with a taste for statistics should reckon up how many hundred miles Captain Cosset has paced in performance of his duty to lift the mace in token that the House of Com* mons has gone into committee, or that the Speaker has resumed the chair. It was in 1836 that the present holder of the ancient and honorable office first entered the House of Com mons. Forty-three years is a lifetime in the case of an individual, a long chapter in the his tory of a nation. When young Gosset first entered the House of Commons as Assistant- Serjeant, under his father Sir William Qosset, then Sergeant-at-Arms, Parliament was located in « temporary building—" and a very good one too," Captain Qosset says—to which it had re moved after the destruction of the older mansion. William IV. was on the throne; and in Feb ruary of this year, 1886, the new official, standing at the outskirt of a memorable throng, heard the King himself read his speech, the first in the Assistant-Sergeant's experience, the lastMn the reign of William IV. Oddly enough, having regard to current events in the House, the speech dealt chiefly with the. affairs of Ire* land, which then, as now. though then more justly than now, claimed the right to engross the attention o* the House of Commons. O'Connell was a great power in the land and in Parliament, and ne stood by whilst the King promised to apply to the evus of the municipal corporations in Ireland M a remedy founded on the same principles as those which have already passed for England and Scotland." Lord Mel bourne was First Lord of the Treasury, Lord John Russell was Home Secretary, Lord Palmer* ston held the sisals of the Foreign Office, and Mr. Spring Woe was Chancellor of the Ex chequer. The Duke of Wellington marshalled the forces of the Opposition in the Lords, whilst Sir Robert Peel led them in the Commons. As for Mr. Gladstone, he had just followed his chief Into Opposition, having enjoyed for three brief months the honors' and emoluments of an Under- Secretaryship for the Colonies. Mr. Disraeli was at this date not privileged to enter the House except as a spectator. But his hands were full with his share of an acrimonious correspondence with Mr. Hume as to whether he had ever repre sented himself to that gentleman as " a Radical Reformer*." Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright were names unknown out of local circles ; and Queen Victoria was still learning the lessons taught her by the side of her good mother, the Duchess of Kent. Looking back over this long vista of time, Cap tain Qosset frankly declares that he cannot call to mind any Parliamentary epoch that may com pare with that through which the House of Commons is now wearily stumbling. He has beheld with his own eyes all the Parliamentary personages of nearly half a oentury, and from the omltn security of his chair has witnessed all the tur bulent scenes of Parliamentary life dating almost from the first reformed Parlia ment. He was present at the memor able soene of the defection of Sir Robert Peel's friends, described with sublime pathos by an historian constitutionally impatient of ter giversation. He has watched the fight* that have raged about the bodies of the various Re form Bills introduced since 1832. He has seen the Irish Church Bill passed, tho Irish Land Act, the Ballot Act, and the Education Act; and in the way of moving episodes, ho has seen them all from the night when Fergus O'Connor stole behind the Speaker's chair and ate the right hon. gentleman's chop (thereby triumphantly settling the vexed question of his sanity or insanity), down to the more recent day when Mr. Plitnsoll stood on one leg in the middle of the floor of the House and shook his fist at the Prime Minister. Musing on all these matters, Captain Gosset still declares the House of Commons has reached an epoch beyond compare for a general condition of disorder and for particular instances of individual refractoriness. The Sergeant-at-Arms has to think seriously of these things, because he cannot tell at what moment he may not be called upon to exercise his extreme duty. In ordinary times the Serjeant at- Arms is chiefly part of the ceremonial of the House of Commons. But his office has a sub stantial meaning, and he possesses real power, the existence of which is at rare intervals demon strated. Molding his office direct from the Crown, he sits at the bar of the House as the representative of the executive force. The power he wields is not often enforced ; but when once put in action its might is irresistible. The last time Captain Qosset was called upon to act against a member of the House was just twenty yean ago. The offence committed was apparently a trivial ono ; but it may be interesting to recall the circumstances, as probably disclosing to honorable members quite unsuspected depths of discipline. Colonel Fulke Greville, member for Longford (now Lord Greville), had in the session :>t 1859 been appointed to sit upon a committee nominated to consider an election petition from Kingston-on-Hull. Colonel Greville, having more interesting business vn hand in Ireland, went thither, disregarding the summons to tho committee. A missive was despatched to him in Ireland commanding his attendance. This not baling the desired effect, the Bergeant-at» Anna wu directed to proceed to Ireland to bring the hon. and gallant member over in cuatody. This minion Captain Goaset aocompliahed, lodg. ing Colonel Greville in the prison-rooms, whenoe he waadiaoharged upon making a suitable apology to the House. The laat time previous to the afairt Griasell that members of the outer public were taught the danger of offending the Houae of Commons happened six yean later. A peti tion to the House in favor of one of our disen* dowed and disestablished Indian princes was in course of promotion. The signatures not coming in very rapidly, three of the agents accelerated the process by taking a mean advantage of the street directory. The fraud waa discovered, the Bergeent-at-Arms instructed to take the offender! into cuatody, and the too-enterprising agenta were, by order of the Speaker, sent to Newgate. When the Berjeant-at-Arms is out of his chair he ia "at home" in a pleasant suite of rooms assigned to him near the Tower Gate within the Palace of Westminster. Adjoining hia residence are the prison- rooms, to which some two yean ago publio attention waa fondly turned in the expectation that they might be temporarily as* signed to the use of Mr. Biggar, and which laat week were opened to admit Mr. Ward. The member for Cavan might be much worse housed than in these prison-rooms, had hia obstinacy led him thitherward. The accommodation consist* of two rooms on the ground floor and two above. The former comprise a dining-room, with an ante-room for the warder ; whilst above is the bedroom, with a small chamber attached, in which the warder sleeps. The idea of a prison is carried out by the Iron ban which lace the windows. But for the rest, a man with an easy conscience might be very comfortable here ; in the untrammelled enjoyment on one side of a view of Westminster Palace Yard, and on the other of Westminster Bridge, with the flow of life that pulsates across it through ail the change ing hours. In the pile of buildings of which these historic ealehamben form part, ia theSergeant-at-Arma' residence. But Captain Gosset ia perhaps most truly " at home" in the little room leading out from the corridor that gives entrance to the lobby of the House. The place is not luxuriously fur nished. There is a long table, a low ooucb, two er three chairs, and a good many tumblers. The walls are covered witha collection of photographic portraits, which form a unique picture gallery. Mere are the counterfeit presentments of hon. members, many of whom have answered to the roll-call in another plaoe. There are not many new likenesses, probably because all available space has long been assigned. But there is a apedal interest in many of the portraits by reason of their connection with living men, who might well pass them by and marvel who on earth these might be meant for. Here, for example, is a young-man-from-the- oountry sort of person, aged about 20, with an immature moustache on an otherwise hairless face, which sets one wondering at what precise point stolidity merges in stupidity. Looking into the face one thinks he has seen a modified and marvellously improved development of it oa the front bench where the Leader of the Opposi tion sits ; and surely the tail amiable youth in the bkwk stock and high coat-collar must have been Mr. Whitbread before bis spirits were damped and his face set bard by the hopeless endeavor to keep the House of Commons in the narrow path of order. These faces and a hundred others—ghosts of members long dead, or of others who still live with wider girth and graver countenance—look down every night in the session upon a merry throng of legislators, who laugh and jest and smoke, and vanish tumultuously at the sound of the division belL Like gathers to like, and to be free of " Goaset's room " is to carry the caektt of a good fellow. The Serjeant-at-Arm* knows how to uphold with dignity his important office, and to main* tain with firmness the necessary discipline that pertains to it But this he doee with a courtesy to the general public, and a geniality to his per* sonal friends, which make the man as popular as the office is honorable. To London correspondent of the 5. A. BtgitUr says:—" The South African campaign hu done no hum to the preserved-meat trade. A return moved for by Colonel North shows that nearly a million and a-half pounds of beef and about half a million rations of Kopp's Erbnourtt have been sent out to the army. By far the largest proportion was Chicago corned beef. It* special merits are net apparent, but presumably the con tractor* found that Chicago was the best place for obtaining large supplies at short notice. All the transports which sailed in February, March* and April took out more or less, some of them as much as 128,0001b. The next-best patronised brand was the St. Louis corned beef, of which 888,0001b. were shipped between March 4 and May 29. Wilson's corned beef, I think also an American brand, was supplied to the extent of »o,ooolb. Of Australian meat only two brands were faTored—Sydney boiled beef, to the extent of 82,8001b., and Melbourne boiled beef, 42,2401b. Marshall's corned beef went out in fire ship* meats, aggregating 68,0001b. Of Canadian corned beef there were four shipments, equal to 51,0001b., and two small lots of WbiteheaoVs were also tried. The Erbtwurit was ordered by Lord Chelmsford himself, and has only been shipped in May and June. It was intended, evidently, to supersede the corned beef, as it may be used along with it in the proportion of lib. of beef to 2£oz. of Erbtumnt, There has been no com* plaint of insufficient food, and considering the hardships the men have had to endure the recent reports of their health are all satisfactory. There was not in the end of June a much larger aver* age of sickness than there would have been at home." A Comphomisb with the Vatican.—A special convention between Germany and the Vatican is being negotiated. The German Government are to nominate the Bishops, subject to the approval of the Pope; the Bishops are to nominate the priests, subject to the approval of the Govern ment; and the clergy aru to accept the May Uwb thub interpreted. 