LADIES' LETTER. [From oar own Correspondent.] Paris, May 10. Very naughty girls, that will neither hear what their teachers say, nor with reverence hear their parents' word and with delight obey, can be sent to a private reformatory on application to a " Judge in Chamber." On arriving the inmate really finds all the comforts of a home in a cer tain sense if she be rich—a room to her self, a sewing-machine, drawing materials, all essentials of a healthy nature; but sbe bas no other society for a certain period but the Nuns, wbo teach her religion and common sense at the same time. These accessories in due course tell, and many girls thus reformed have turned out excellent wives. In the coming Picture Show two very superior paintings are entered, which have been exe cuted by a ward of the Reformatory. The necessity for incarcerating a young creature ever leaves its mark on ber reputa tion, no matter how the matter may be con cealed. The great object in a girl's quit ting the institution is to be married off as quickly as possible, which is not a difficult matter, as she has ever a good fortune or dot, and generally emigrates with her hus band. Very few Frenchmen emigrate; parents like to have their children about them, so refuse" consent to all candidates destined to try their fortune in fr«ah fields and pastures new; and if any are coura geous enough to brave the separation, it is an au resoir, not an adieu. It is calculated that not 1 per cent of the modest emi gration from France every year represents a lady belonging to the comfortable middle classes, a fact that may in a large measure be attributed to tbe officers in colonial duty remaining persistently bachelors, despite the drawbacks of such a life, if one is to believe statistics —tendencies to pre mature death, suicide, robberies, and mur der. Talking about marriages, foreigners resident in Paris seem to relatively embark in matrimony more largely than natives, and the Americans are most courageous of aIL A Fifth Avenue belle has caught a young Due, who in addition to being owner of a title dating from the Crusades is very rich. Both are millionaires, so that love ought not to fly out of the window, It is very rare for an Americaine to make such a catch,aBthe money is generally on the bride's side, and tbe sans terre on the husbands. These international unions are chiefly limited to the American fair sex; very rare, indeed, is it to find an American fentleman . marrying a French lady, [ere these unions are not at all popular, for if politics separate fami lies, introducing £the foreign element oontributee still more to do so. The American colony continues to be the life of Paris, Mrs. Mackay, of silver mine notoriety, being the accepted queen; all she can do she cannot run into debt, and the best compliment to her wealth is that she receives more bearing letters than the Rothschilds. The next famous individual being similarly honored is the ex-Queen of Spain, anything but rich, but proverbial for her generosity. A class of evening enter tainments called muskedes is now becoming general; it consists of professional singers, proprietors of marionnettes, and performers capable of "taking off," in dress and speech, public characters of both sexes; it is gay but costly; a buffet supper succeeds. The weather is horrible; no chance to display novelty in dress, no merry sunshine to exhibit colors, a northern wind grips us as firmly as the Nihilists do Russia, and, if relaxed, only to place us at tbe mercy of hailstones tliat no Insurance Company anticipated, or drops of cold, clammy rain that fall on your face like a sodden sponge; and notwithstanding many are not discouraged to make annual ar rangements for the seaside, where cottages are rented as in the best of years and rooms engaged as if we were certain of meteoro logical tranquility. Painters go in " flocks," and this year they will migrate to an un explored coastline of Britanny, while others will pitch their easels at Grez, the other side of Fontainefaleau. Business people must do as well as tbey can in snug villa residences round tiie capital, ana in August remain contented with a run to tbe seaside in the train dcs maris from Saturrday to Monday, to enjoy the day that comes between, so prized by " Sally in our alley." It is also a busy moment far dealers in old curiosities. They purchase quantities of manufactured antiquities, distribute them among the Normand seaside peasantry, then, when the gulls arrive, invite them to come and pur chase. A great deal of money is to be made by this trick. The most numerous 6hors and representing the most lucrative business are those dealing in objets dart and their cousin-gennau bric-d-bac. What's a house nowadays if it be not stuffed whh old lumber P Not only does France glut the market with these goods, but Spain and Italy also. Even England lately has forwarded carved furniture, dating, if not from the age of tbe Two Roses, at least from Wardour-street; and America only refrains from the business, as she has her hands full of exportationsincorn, canned provisions, sewing-machines, and fanners' mplexuents; the Chinese and Japanese have \- verstocked the land with vases and knick knacks. One dealer sells a curiosity as a barcain, and unique in its way; later, a second friend offers a dozen of the same rarities; and a third proposes to take the riginal article for a nominal sum. There have been many "removals" last quarter day from the suburbs into Paris; friends of mine—foreigners—who bad taken houses all the year round, de clare a bush life, a farm in Kew Caledonia within sight of a Canaque camp, is anima tion and cheerfulness as*compared with the leaden loneliness in the environs of tbe city during winter ; the French desert the earliest in the season and return the latest, and you become a kind of lone star. Now Paris, from many years' ex perience, is most enjoyable by fixing head quarters in the city, and making tours from time to time, as time and purse permit; the forests round the city are admirable. Clamart ie nature itself; then there is Mendon, Versailles, St. Germain, Bougi val; a breakfast in one locality, a stroll across the forest to dine in another, that's the way for sojourners to pass a summer here; then the Touiiste is at one's disposal tbat will steam holiday-makers down to St. Germain, supplying good music and an excellent dtjeuner on deck. Smallpox is 60 rife in Paris that some thing Hke a decree has gone forth that all tbe world must be vaccinated. I visited one of the chief lyoees a few days ago, where 606 pupils were preparing to be vacci nated. In the grand reception-room was a little cow, held by a peasant, and from which several doctors took the pock for tbeir lancets. In young ladies' boarding schools the same preventive measures are adopted, only the leg, not the arm, is vaccinated. Madam Musard was some years ago the glass of fashion; possessing fabulous wealth, she expended it fabulously, and ell tbat sbe demanded was that the public would look at her. She was thus a tapagtv.se, aud tbe spectators at racecourses and theatres used to level glasses at her equipages and toilettes. Smelling a bou quet of white lilac, an insect, it is supposed, etung her; she became bliud in consequence, and this prayed on her mind. One evening she dashed everything on the dinner-tables about, crushed some pet birds to death, and had to be sent to the principal lunatic asylum, where ber suff eriugs have j vat ended. t appears red hair, sacred to Juno, is no longer fashionable, nor blond either; rown is the favorite, and said to have been dear to Minerva. Only Hunk of Ban marck dealing with chignons; he is to tar imported hair, so tbat if other States I follow bis example, we must invite America to send us the "Soap root" substitutes which is capital, if the wearer keeps ouVOT the reach of horses'teeth. Tbe city is swarming with picture shows belonging to several schools and no schools at all, but the Exhibition in the Palace of Indu?tzy will have an innovation this year—the maw ot the electric light, and so unproved thai ladies will not resemble Hamlet's or Don Govanni's ghosts. May isnot by any means merry, yet jnre nile parties are celebrated not the lees in its honor. Ihe invitations axe issued ju> come at 3 and depart at 8, so as to allow papas and mamas to enjoy dinner. A May pole is erected in ih& drawing-room, and, the youngest lady of the family givii^ the soiree is selected Queen, led crowned with flowers into the rown, and seated in a bank of nodding violets beneath the pole. She bas lords and ladies in waiting, distributes favors, selects partners for dances, and «J1? m subjects to recite poetry, dug, or play piano. A-cake is cut by Her Majesty, and whoever finds the ring will be a bride if she lives well into ber teens. Tbe only difference between positive winter and Uta absent spring is that instead of furs Cash mereshawlsare worn. It is the general wrap for carriage driving and races. There never was a time when lace, muslin, and cxap? were so much employed as at present. Jupons seems to be omy a cloud of these materials. The same is to be observed of cravats and frills. As a set-off pocket handkerchiefs never were smaller. It is pru dent to economise in something, and all that is necessary is to ensure tbat a corner of it peeps ont of the pocket. Spring cos tumes, visible only in shop windows, ate in the lightest of muslins, with white em broidery and Britanny lace. Street dresses are short, but toilette robes are long, tha princesse train it is needless to say, and the inevitable panier composed of gracefulfbld ing at the sides. There ie an undeiground discontent at the size of tbe bonnet; itis too bold, defiant, and makes ladies of taste hold on by some form of capote; the Empire shape as pretty as any. The Directoire bat. is all one color; the capotes are ample and. varied. The trimming consists of all sorts: of flowers, up even to thistles and datesi? with a sprinkling of efeel ornaments, birds ' and insects. The material is -foille, satin*. garnet, crepe. Moraning-dreams areloaded with jet, and a special mild kmd of bsad work called canaque fringe. At domes- ' each lady finds a fen,'beautifully painted^ : placed where she is to sit; and in sfcme '•" cases gentlemen have tbeir photo to mark ', their position.. There is as much indepeiH dance and variety in mantles as in bannefa^. the one thing needful to observe befagnot ■ to forget -what suits the wearer's figme. - There is some excitement, not at all of an alarming kind, about feigning potitinna to • please the clergy-, bnt ladies do sot giva* much attention to the matter, aware their busb&nds; or fathers dislike their stooping to things they do not under stand. The Rev. M. Loyeon has made such progress -with his new church, tbat he has petitioned tbe members of Parliament to rank bim like otber religions recognised and paid by the nation. He has made moze than a sect, and may become the kernel of a great movement yet. I bate omnibuses, but often we have only Hobson's choice,, therefore it is-agreeable to learn tbatlarger buses will be employed, so that your drees will never be converted into a mat, and room wiU be left for sitting down. French travellers are cot at all polite, and the gallantry of tbe modem Gauls can be judged by any tramcar, where delicate women are left standing, while robust men • look at them from comfortable seats made.. Another street improvement, tiie "Cros sings," are a veritable muiflfa passage, and what the policemen do there is a mystery; they seem to enjoy a blocking of tbe way, and leave passengers' aad vehicles tit get out of it as best they can. In other cities tbe a handsomest" policemen are said to be selected for aiding timid ladies to "cross tbe line" of vehicles. The Republic, as M. Gambetta admits, bas not the ladies cm its side; no wonder, it it treats us so in the capital of light" Per haps, when M. Gambetta is ntarriedj-aa event that so martv politicians are endea voring to bring aiwut, matters may be emeliorated—but " Barkis is not vriubf." A great treat ia reserved for theadminers of the well of English nndefidd. A com pany of Frenchmen speaking English axe; ; to " do" Shakspeare; jest assured they will, and astonish the shade of even thtt divine William himself. 