PARLIAMENT. legislative council. Wednesday. OrrroBfcR 15tw. The President took the chair at half past four o'clock. QUESTIONS, ETC. The hon. Mr Sargood asked the hon. Mr Cuthbert when his return (after the drafting of bills) would be presented to the House. The hon. Mr Cuthbert stated he could not give the required information, but would place himself in communication with the hon. the Chief Secretary on the matter. The hon. Mr Lorimer gave notice of his intention to ask for a return, showing the number, and names, of supernumeraries appointed, or discharged, in the Govern ment Printing office since July, 1877. The hon. Mr Ross asked whether the system was still in force of granting free passes to men to go up country in search of employment. The hon. Mr Cuthbert, in reply, said he was not aware whether the system was still in force or not. CONSTITUTION" OF COUNCIL BILL. The House then went into Committee to further consider this measure. The hon. Mr Sargood Said the matter had been left in a very unsatisfactory position last night. The general wish was that the bill should be proceeded with, and the only question was as to who should take charge of it. He understood, it was the general wish of the members that the hon. Mr Cuthbert should take charge of the measure. He was sure the House would thoroughly support that gentleman. The hon. Mr Anderson thought that it had been arranged that the hon. Mr Cuth bert should take charge of the measure. The hon. Mr Cuthbert said he accepted the position. He thought it a pity that the bill should be lost. Most of the im portant clauses had been dealt with. With regard to the postponed clauses about the date of periodical retirements, he intended to take the clauses from last session's bill instead of these. He had no intention of changing the boundaries of the present bilL He then moved that clause 40, which provided machinery for carrying out clause 39, which was rejected last niglit, be struck out. This was agreed to. Clauses 41 and 43 were passed. In clause 43 the word "person" was struck out, and "candi date or agent of his" inserted instead. The remaining clauses of the bill were agreed to. The hon. It. D. Reid, in moving the clauses of his bill, said that unless some provision was made for a dissolution in the bill, it had not a ghost of a show of passing. In the event of the clause pro viding for a dissolution of the Council being rejected, he would abandon the other clauses. [By Electric Telegraph.! The Council proceeded with Sir Charles Sladen's Reform Bill, making a number of amendments, then reported progress, and made the third reading an order of the day for Tuesday next. 