lBliilAIND. .MONTH'S MIND OF CARDINAL CULLEN. SETTuON BY FATHER 7. BUEkE. The Month's memory for the repose of the soul of the lato Cardinal Archbishop was solemnized on Nov. 27th in the Cathedral, Maryborough- street. Though the attendance of the prelacy and priesthood was not so enormous as oa the occasion of the funeral obsequies, yet an immense assemblage of ecclesiastics filled the choir, and the laity attended in vast numbers. The Lord Mayor and several members of the Corporation were present in their robes of office. The celebrant of the Mass was 'the 1 light Hev. Dr. M'Cabc, Bishop of GJ-adara, and \Tice-Capitular of the metropolitan diocese, and in addition to his lordship there were also at the ceremonial his Grace the Archbishop of Armagh, Pri mate of all Ireland; Bishop of Galway, coadjutor of Tuam, Bishop of Kildarc and Leighlin, coadjutor Bishop of Kildarc, Bishop of Ossory, Bishop of Cloufert, Bishop of E'illala, Bishop of ILilmore, Bishop of Deny, Bishop of Dromore, Bishop of Elphin, Bishop of Down and Connor, Bishop of Meath, Bishop of Waterford, and the Bishop of Ferns. The sermon was preached by the 'Rev. Thomas Burke, O.P., and was an elo quent and comprehensive review of the Cardinal's life and work, and a jusfc and splendid tribute to his virtues and his memory. The following is the closing por tion of the sermon, which, in full, occupies seven columns of the Freeman's Journal -. — Having traced the life and career of his Eminence up to the period of the bestowal upon him of the dignity of Cardinal by his late Holiness Pius IX., the preacher pro ceeded : — Deeply grateful, as was befitting, for the honour which the Church conferred on him, lie remained unchanged in all save his external habit and the insignia of his new and exalted dignity. For twelve years he bore the Horn an purple of a Cardinal, and shared largely in the highest councils and government of the uni versal Church. Kevered in fiomo as one of the pillars of the Catholic. Church and of the most learned and wisest of her rulers, vene rated throughout the Christian world as one of the greatest names amongst the Church's hierarchy, beloved at home for his great qualities, treated as no other prelate ever was since the days of Patrick by his brother Bishops, and wielding amongst them an un bounded influence, whose sentence guided their councils, whose zeal and energy ani mated their efforts, whose life, character, and government presented to them the glori ous model of a great bishop and a true eccle siastic, he still retained the same simple austerity of life, the same humility, lowliness, and meekness which distinguishd him of old. Guileless as a child and thinking no evil, free and joyous in his intercourse with the hum blest of his clergy, tender and merciful to the poor and the penitent, hoping all good things even for the fallen, not breaking the bruised reed nor extinguishing the smoking, flay, preaching with the strength and pathos of learning, authority, and the unction of language combined ; with unadorned elo quence, yet with great clearness and power, instructing his people, ' in season and out of season,' wearing the purple not so much with stateliness as with a wonderful dignity of repose ; the head of his nation, the guar dian of the flock, the delight of his clergy — 0 Father what have we not lost in thee, whose face we shall see no more ? And now there remained but one crowning glory to so great a life. On the 8th of December 1869, the (Ecumenical Council of the Vatican assembled in St. Peter's, and foremost amongst the united bishops of the whole Church stood the Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin. Three hundred years had elapsed since the last great Council had met in Trent to defend the Catholic faith against the then rising heresy of Luther. How completely that great assembly had done its work, how splendid the revival of Catholic faith and sanctity which resulted from its labours, is matter of history. But every age brings its own dangers and difficulties to the Church of God. Protes tantism, during the three hundred years that intervened between Trent and the Vatican, had followed the law of all heresy, and, broken up into a thousand subdivisions of error, had lost all hold on the intellect of the world. A spirit of blank infidelity had sprung from it, resulting in the hideous atheism which is the awful distinguishing mark of our own days. In answer to the unbelievers who denied the divinity and sanctity of Jesus Christ, Pius IX. defined the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the Mother of God, thus emphasising the de crees of Nice and Ephesus, and putting forward the sanctity of the Mother as a shield to the infinite sanctity of the Man God, her Son. But now the rage of hell is turned from the invisible to the visible head of the Church. ' 'Who is this man who dares to thrust dogmatic definitions upon us and speak the language of despised faith to the nineteenth century? Is it for this that the human intellect was; emancipated and shook off the yoke of authority three hundred years ago? Is il for this that science has attained to the white light of an almost perfect knowledge and the glory of achieve ment !' Are we to become as little children again, and sit down \o be taught by an old man, the head of a worn-out Church, and the vicar of an exploded and rejected God ? Let us pull this aged pretender from his throne, let us cast him forth, unknown as Peter was of old, amongst the ignoble crowd of the followers of Christ.' Thus the pride and passion of the world arose against the Head of: the Church, and heresy, infidelity, and revolution joined hands to abolish him. They thought, and rightly, that if they could but destroy the Head, the mystical body of Christ would soon be a corpse at their feet ; if they could but strike the Shepherd the sheep would be dispersed. Then the great crime of the nineteenth century was publicly perpetrated. Truth, justice, honour, plighted oath, necessity, history were alke trampled upon and des pised ; and in the spoliation of the Sovereign Pontiff a new principle of government, public action, and law was announced and accepted — the fatal principle that power and force justifies the wrong and. establishes the right, a principle of which the world and Europe in particular have yet to see the terrible results. But was the Church of God to stand idly by whilst her Head — Peter's successor and Christ's Vicar— was thus outraged and dishonoured ? The Church, which from the beginning acknowledged him as her Head, her centre, the fountain and source of her authority, the one only infal lible witness and exponent of her faith and guardian of her law — the Church which never called a council nor promulgated a decree, nor expressed a dogma of her faith, but at his calling and with his sanction. The Church had never been found wanting in her defence of the truth against every form of heresy and unbelief, nor unwilling to put forth her faith in dogmatic form for her children's guidance, when the exigencies of the time demanded such utterance. Has she nothing to say for Peter's successor in the hour of his affliction and of impending' danger? Peter's position and privileges are stamped upon every page of her history ; they are revealed in every council and public act of hers ; her voice was never faint or uncertain in proclaiming what she thought and believed of him. 'Will she now be silent? Oh, no! The world's iniquity is God's opportunity. The hour predestined in the Divine decrees is come, when the Catholic must proclaim authoritatively and dogmatical^ to the world all that she had ever taught ? and believed of Peter and of his successors. Before sacrilegious hands touch his temporal crown— the only thing within their reach — whilst the lingering glories of Rome, Catholic and Papal, yet surround him, the great Church of God hastens to assemble from the ends of the earth, and, with uuited voice and united faith, proclaims Peter's succesor the Pope of Home to be, in virtue of Christ's special prayer for Peter, and by the intcrjiosition of the Holy Ghost, infallible and preserved from all possibility of error in his teaching, and witnessing as Universal Head of the Church. This great declaration of the Church's faith was made in the form of a dogmatic utterance, that is to say, of a pro position that expressed clearly and distinctly the mind of the Church, which means the mind of God the Holy Ghost, her guide. Such an expression of the Church's faith is as true, as solemn, as binding, as the very revealed word of Scripture itself, for it is as much the expression of the mind of God. Now we come to the last crowning, singular, and I will add awful glory of our great Father who is gone from us. When it was a question of selecting a formula which would express the Church's mind and faith, which would be a rule of faith for millions unto the end of time, a basis of all future theology, a record to be kept in heaven itself as a re membrance of the triumphs of grace in the Church militant, out of all assembled thei e, representing the genius and learning, as well as the authority of the Universal Church, the Avords in Avhich the Spouse of Christ, formu lated and proclaimed her divine faith were those of the glorious Cardinal Archbishov. o ' Dublin. And now that his name became as a household word in the Church lie might well rest upon his laurels, and seek a well deserved ease from labour. But like the great Bishops of all times he elected to toil and labour xinto the end, and not until in creasing infirmities admonished him that the end. Avas approaching Avould he consent to divide the burden and diminish his self sacrificing and Avasting duties by sharing them with another. Alas, that end Avas nearer than we, strong in hope, and blinded by our love for him, imagined or suspected. An occasional word dropped by him from time to time for a few days before his death showed that he had a, presentiment of his speedy dissolution. Well and truly could he say Avith the Apostle, '1 am even now read}' to be Ki.criticed, and the time of my dissolution is at hand. I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith. .As for the rest there is laid up for me_a crown of justice which the Lord, the best .Judge, will render to me in that day ; and not only to me, but to them also who love His coming. Make haste and come to me quickly.' (il Tim. 4..) Quickly He came, almost unexpectedly, yet, .His angel going before His face, found His faithful seilj rant watching in prayer; with the lamp of faith and love burning brightly in hie- pure soul. At the sudden summons he rose with the tealm intrepidity of Christian confidence and hope, and fortified Avith the Holy Sacraments, invoking Ireland's Saints with his last failing breath, and Avith dying hand covering himself with a great sign of the Cross, lie passed through the gates of death to find beyond them the Lord he had served so Avell, and with Him to join the Princes of the Church triumphant in Heaven. O great and good Father, thou hast gone to thy eternal joy, but thou hast left great sorrow to us thy children behind thee. The Bishops lament their great head, and guide, the clergy their mild, loving, and merciful bishop, the regular Orders their large-minded, great-hearted pro tee tor and friend, the poor their consoler and benefactor, the Church her wise and learned counsellor and ruler, the nation her defender and her honest, true-hearted, and patriotic son. But though he has left behind him a name that will be recorded with honour in the Church's annals unto the end of time, a name immorial in his works and deeply engraved in the heart of his country, a name surrounded with many glories, yet far greater are the glories which await him in the Kingdom where ' those avIio rule avcII shall be esteemed worthy of double honour, and shall shine as stars unto an endless eternity.' The music of the mass was excellently sung by a choir of priests and laymen, mostly members of the newly formed Ceeilian Society. The meeting for taking measures for the erection of a suitable memorial to the late Cardinal will be held to- morrow under the presidency of the Lord Mayor in the Mansion House. It is, I believe, the general wish of those who haAre taken an interest in the matter, that the memorial should consist, firstly, of a marble statue of his Eminence, to be placed either in the Cathedral or seme other position to be selected, and of a new Aving to the yet unfinished Matey Miseri cord-ice Hospital, to be made specially com memorative of the illustrious deceased. A resolution to that effect is likety to be adopted, at to-morrow's meeting. 