' ' nBROIo 'TUIiF LEGISLATION ! - (From tliOf F'tdd.) Shorts handicaps nnd two-year-old races, aro admittedly, undermining tho stamina - of our racehorses,- and the puny, efforts of tho. Jockey Club . to.- add one furlong to tho sta ture of' bur two-vcar old races, remind us tliat.'in tho words nut by tho authors' of Rejected Addratsat into tuo mouth . of Dr. Johnson's ghost, ''"'a swelling Ononing is' too often Buccqedcd:by''nrt; insignificant conclu sion,; ; and- that ?parturient moiihtnins have ere .'now produced1 'nmscimtlar-' abortions." R may oven bo doubted whether tho altera tion ,for which wo are indebted to tho suporhuman and tarily enorgy of -tlio Jookoy Club bos not in it moro of evil than of good. If it'bo impolitic to. run a two-year,! old ovor" »;four- furlong course at Lincoln Spring at Northampton, , will not his powers be sub jected) to .nh'/aildiUoiiaV strain whbh 'bo is' asked to 'travel over :fiyd' furlongs' t': Morel .over,-! it<|is,nbt'(po88iblC'tb contemplate the' , disappearance 'of .the' Chestorfibld- Stakes at NowmarkobifromthoiRacing Calendar with out serious regret, sooing that < the raco! . has been . in, existence for nearly ;50 . years, and; tliqt it lias bcen.won,, aniong othors,- by,suoh, historical ! KmnVals | as . Ellis, , Crucifix; /Ted-, dingtoii/.Saccharpmctbr, "Achievbincht, For- . mosa and 'Cremoriio. ' ' Tho only oxcuse' for! such early spins na thoBroklcnby at Lincoln," tliO'Althorp- park.at Northampton, ( and. the Littlo John Stakes at Nottihgtoii. is tlint tho -distance is only four.furlongs, 'and, that, thore aro always somo small compact animals jWhicli | arc at their best ititho first fow months of their raciug existcnce, „and could not. live when broughtlnto coinpotition.with. (biggcr rivals as tlio year adrancos. ' Wc can not see thati(tho elongation qf tlio above- 'monfciohod races wiil'inako them less fashion'-/ able,, or bo a benefit to tho cqnino babies by whioh tlicy are won.-/ In fact/ the so-callod . reformlof the Jockey Club seems' to bo made on ; the 1 priuciplo enunciated in tlie wolL; knowniliue : — ,i 'k. .1 "Dat yeniam- corvis,;yexat,consura'cohunba8.,- Tlio "dovc3", or two'.ycar. olds, hare. a harder' task than over imposed upon them, and tho "crows" or handicaps — once designated by Admiral Roua ns " the black cloud upon 'our' racing horizon" — nro pormitted to escape without n word of consuro. Tlio Jnckey Cluli appears to havo shut its eyes to: tlio undcniablo fact that the turf— by which wc mean not racing men, but suffering and overworked horses — is laboring under what is called, in tho luunnii' subject, tho mnlndy!of plethora from ovcr-fooding. Every sporting. .writer tolls us that, judged by tlio multiplicity; of. race meetings, the turf' never was flo prosperous j tliat inore than £290,000 in addod'money were given away in-'1878 that' tho entries for some fow great weight-' for-ago; races show a a toady advance ; and that such prices lmvc lately boon givon. for. superior horses as would, astonish the., last generation of racing mon; It seems to';ba forgotten that, thanks to tho increase of population, mid to the' vast' augmentation and. wider diffusion of monoy, every other public amusement shows aimilarniidtcations' of prosperity. Thoro<arc, for instance, about 40 theatres at this moment in London, whore half that inunbcr sufficed, when. Her: Majesty ascended1 tlie Llirouo. Never woro packs of foxhounds so numerous, mid fields , of . horse; men, generally mounted on > imparl) horses sssem)ile at . the meets iii ever-growing swarms. - Tha Oxford and Cambridge boat .raco line been olevntod into an annual festival; ami tho great cricket matches of tho year invito such throngs .of spcototors that the bursting grounds at Lord's nnd thci Oval arc unable, to coii.tniu, them. / Now, thoro is nothing to bb said ' in' .deprecation of tho popularity attained - by 'grcat hctbrsuand actresses, by famous packs pt foxhounds, or , by such' - cricUotbrs . as the Graces 'and' the'Lytteltons. -lint, 'the ponularity of the turf, as1 attested by tho inoruinato multipli- cation of races, involves issues fraught', with mischief to that nolde'ariimal, the thorough- bred/', Upon every side of us thero are grow ing up gatc-monoy moofcinga,to tlio very oxi«t- oiice of which it is necessary that.thcy should bo able to-, attract a yost;concourse of visitors.- This can only be done by orcatiug an cndlbss succession of races, contested by 'big fields/ which' provoko speculation, and necessitate the condition tliat tlio selected courses should - vary between half a milo aud six furlongs in length.. ItV has boon repeatedly niiggeated' thai tho Jockoy Club would havo dono infi nitely moro good if, instead of nmking a puny alteration in two- year-old courses, .they had . enacted; that no thrcoyyear qld;shqud he allowed under any circnmstnnccs'tb rtinover a/course less thamono.milnrin .length, ,,,This: wouUVindecd bo' heroic' legislation, ! hut wo' dare not flatter oursolvcs that :the'' Jobkey Club, -at any moment since its birth in the reign of Gaorgei II.; f would havo possessed! .virtuo, aqd-jepurago enough to pass a law whiclfat p'resont oonld not fail to knock half tho' nice mootings in ' England,, on the head. Su'ch' an outburst of rcmonstraiice "Avould iu this ©voiit ascend fromf trainers/, , jockeys, clerks 'of courses, and from thc'imiltitudhious lecclics jwho liaug on to tho carcaso of the turf for a'llvihg that' the Jbcltoy:Club would beoqine not less unpopular than ..Sit;-, Joseph Hawloyi when ho attempted to introclu'co a iar leas radical reform. f, , ; : . Thoro' is htiVbnc'aitbraion Whicli it la pOH-" .BihlOifor|Our'turf senators to compass, and the dcpiand for it is becoming 'so imperative, that we :dq pot' doppair-bf 'seeing' It oarrlbil withbufcithe intervention of tho ' House of Commons. "Tooinneh-rftcing,"-is,thb cry which'gcots us on every side, and tho . time .seems to be! ati hand1 wlieii) hotweeri them,' 'Samlown-park and Komptoq-park will j havo a raco ' meoting,.qvory.: pUcrnato fortnight -thr-oughqut tho racing year, Tho Jockey Gluh iniist-interforq to, prevent tho. birth of : fresh meetings. i and,- furtlienuQrc. they must onact that, /witli, tli'o oxc6)tiou qf NqwiniiYkbt. qo |)lnqo!ho tiljowpdi tfl hold . move /than . a, oquplo of fixturos'in the coiirao'of the' year/. The. jnccssant vecurrcnco meetings neces sitates tliosb sliort handicaps, ' of .which ' the pernicious effects aro incoptcstablo i ahd shcH ."ItllO.ictowing/teeuse' of5 n ' necessity for stringent legislation iu this dirccton, that, failing- tlio Jockey Club, other hands will saonor or later Wfound to do the work'."1' -.(.Tiib Marchioness or Louke as a' Salmon FiaJiun.— The Marquis and Marchioness of Lorno, along wltli tne Duko of Argyll,, wero at Indian ifoiisc' Tool , in ' .T u no, aiid ongaged in salmon -fishing. Thd best catch' so far had' ,bccn! made' by tho Princess, who killed a splendid I 2Slb salmon on tho day of their arrival/ llis Excellency was in the canoo with hcrjat the time/ but did ; not touch' lior rod1 or reol/ niid thc Prittcess alon'o1 inannged to tiro out the big flsh and bring him asliorc, whon iho was< gaffod 1 by a1 Midmau ilndian atten(laut..::;This wns n rnmnrkablylme fish,' and 'those iwho.saw him takenisay that bo. 'showed an extraordinary nmmmt (of igainej and activity.T.Uis Grace the DukojOr Argyll . took.thc ncxt largest, and' tho fish taken-by , Captain Hnrbo|d came uoxt. ..j. j /j 