LAYING THE CORNER STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. YESTERDAY afternoon, at five o'clock, in the presence of nearly a thousand persons, the corner stone ot the new Church of England was laid by Bishop Stanton. The rev. gentleman was assisted by Bishop Hale and the Rev, Messrs. Diggens, Meeres, and Walker. At five o'clock precisely the choir, under the leadership of Mr. Newcombe, organist, approached the awning placed over the stone, singing the hymn beginning, "On- ward, Christian soldiers." The Rev. Mr. Diggens and Bishop Bale then read the prayers appointed for the occasion, and after singing Ps. cxxii, Bishop Stanton ap- proached to perform the ceremony. The stone having been raised, Mr. G. Sanderson laid in a cavity of the underlying stone a bottle containing copies for yesterday of both local newspapers, and embedded it in cement. Mr. F. Scarr, architect, presented Bishop Stanton with a silver trowel and mallet, with which when the stone was laid in its place and levelled he pressed the mortar and tapped the stone, saying the words, "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." He then declared the stone laid, and said that the work had gone thus far forward, and required only their offerings to complete it, which he trusted would be as liberal as liberal hearts could make them. There was, however, no time to be lost ; and he trusted the church whose corner stone was now laid would be an orna mont to the town, a credit to the Church, and a comfort to those who helped to build it. A large number of offerings were then placed upon the stone, the money amounting to £50 17s 1d. The hymn, "The Church's one foundation," waa'afterwards sung, and the service was con- cluded with the benediction pronounced by Dr. Hale. THE CONVERSAZIONE In the evening a conversazione was held in the hall of the School of Arts, which was tastefully decorated for the occasion. Stereo- scopic vievs and an electric battery afforded amusement, and a promenade was kept up throughout the evening. The gathering was so numerous that there was not comfortable walking room, yet a pleasant social feeling pervaded thc meeting, and all seemed to enjoy themselves. Refreshments were pro- vided for in the committee room, and there seemed to be a good demand for the various delicacies of the confectionery art. The choir and ladies and gentlemen sang several pieces of music very tastefully, which added much to the enjoyment of the meeting. Mr. Newcombe, organist, accompanied on the piano, In one of the intervals bf music, Mr. Diggens introduced to the meeting his lord- ship the Bishop of Brisbane. Dr. HALE said it afforded him very great pleasure to be present at such a meeting, and to think that now the great work of building the new church had been fairly begun. He was truly thankful that they had a clergyman who was able to lead them in the good work they had undertaken. He had brought other good men also with him, who would be located in the district, and whose labour he trusted would be attended with the Divine blessing. He was sorry his stay was so short, and that he had to part that evening with his reverend brother of Northern Queensland, but he looked forward to the time when he would see him again in Brisbane, and especially to the time when they would be desired to con- secrate the building which had been begun that day. (Applause. ) After a short interval Mr. Diggens intro- duced the Bishop of Northern Queensland, who was received in tho most cordial manner. Dr. STANTON said he thought Mr. Diggens had been acting the part of the showman that evening, and had been ticketing them off one by one. (Laughter.) After the exquisite music they had listened to, he felt some hesi- tation in attempting a solo. He wit- nessed that meeting with delight-in fact, he could not give adequate expression to the feeling of pleasure with which he regar- ded it. He had been going about with his dear and rev. brother the Bishop of Brisbane ; and he would tell them frankly that when he first thought of it he entertained certain mis- givings as to the result. Around one bishop there was generally thrown a halo of solemnity that often drove every smile from every face ; but when two bishops got to- gether - (laughter) - he must say he regarded the prospect with alarm. He believed there was an electric battery at the other end of the room, judging from the screams that frequently proceeded thence. Well, when one hand was put to the wire it was bad enough, but when both hands were attached to the nobs, and the current turned on, the whole body was shaken. Therefore it was with some uneasiness that he had joined his brother ; but he must say that wherever the two of them went they were reached with more smiles than usual. The speaker then related an amusing anecdote of his college rooms at Oxford, which were so situated that students going up to the lecture rooms, frequently gathered and turned it into a waiting room, which was not very agreeable. Rockhampton was situated somewhat similar. He could not go to Bris- bane or Sydney without passing Keppel Bay, and both pleasurably and geographically this place was on the high road to the northern diocese. With regard to the church whose cor- ner stone they had laid to-day, of course it would rise rapidly, and great credit was due to Mr. Diggens for this hopeful prospect. He might congratulate the congregation on having such an earnest and energetic man for their minister as Mr. Diggens, and he might congratulate Mr. Diggens on being placed over such a church as that of Rockhampton. Like a good fitting pair of gloves, they were suited to one another. (Applause.) The other day, when they were coming from Bundaberg to this place, Dr. Hale and he were in a buggy, and as the creeks were swollen they had some difficulty in getting across. One of these they managed to got through, but there was a stiffish ascent of about six feet on the other side, and the horse, with whom he con- fessed he had a feeling of sympathy, absolutely refused to go up. They looked around, and presently their situation attracted the atten- tion of some sturdy friends who, some with their shoulders to the wheel, and others in the shafts, came to their assistance and with a push, and a shove, and a pull, up they went; and they could have gone up twenty feet with the same power ; and although this church had stuck a little in the mud at first he had no doubt that they would work shoulder to shoulder for the future and the work would proceed to an early completion. The speaker then referred to the happy scene the room presented and to his correspondence with friends in England, especially thc gentleman who consoled by saying that he was coming out to a wild and cheerless country ; but only that day he had told that gentleman that no bishop could come to a more large-hearted, a more hospitable, or a more cultured people. After a few more re- marks, His rev. doctor concluded amidst great applause. Several other musical selections having been rendered the meeting was brought to a close about ten o'clock. 