ITEMS OF NEWS. Two drunkards woro doalt with at the police court 011 Saturday. The one was fined 5s, the other 23 Gd and 2s Gd costs, with tho usual alter native. Mr Angus Cornish, of Castlomaino, and Mr John Sparks, of Chowton, havo been granted certificates of service by the municipal sur veyors' board. 1 Two traius aro. carrying excursionists to-day from Wodonga to tho Sandhurst oxliibiliou, an exceedingly long trip and a wearisome olio, but it will not be necessary for tho travellers to re turn before Wednesday. The Sandhurst butchors did a good business in the market on Saturday, and in the ovoning caused some consternation amongst their brother cleavers by selling mutton at 2s per sido. They wero soon cleared out of their stock. Those who appreciate the fine arts can see a pretty ongraving in tho establishment of Mr Philpots, Market-square. Tho subject is " Tho Ironworker and King Solomon"— omblematic of Freoinasonry. It is put in a framo of reeded pattern of good design. A boy named Richard Williams, aged 12 years, living at Chowton, was caught by some portion of tho shaft of a spring cart yesterday, and was thrown down ; tho wheel went over his arm aud broke it above the elbow. Ho was at- attended at the hospital by tho Acting Resident Surgeon, aud was afterwards taken homo. Yesterday was tho shortest day of the season, and the beginning of tho Australian winter. Tho sun was warm during the day, but tho frost in the morning was vory severe. Several water pipes burst, the ground was thick with hoar frost, and ice remained on the creek at the Botanical Gardens till after noon. Constable Steel has been temporarily ap- ppoiuted keeper of tho powder magazine, vice Sergt. Acton. Mr Stool was for some years at Kynoton, and the Observor, in noticing his re moval says " Ho has invariably oxhibitod the greatest efficiency, and a steadfast adherence to his duties, and his friends will bo glad to hear of his advancement." Tu-morrow tlireo excursion trains will leave Castlomaino with school children for tho Sand hurst exhibition. Tho trains will leave at 10 and 10.20 a.m., aud excursionists should muster at the station at 9.39. Tho members of tho Board of Advice will accompany the children, though that is tlio day of election, but they I'ely upon tho support of their frionds during their absence. About 490 children are to go from Guildford aud tho adjacent schools, and they are to lcavo the Guildford station at 10.30, aud ro- turn at 5. 30 p. m. , in good time for them to ar rive at their respective homes. Tickots aro to be obtained from the head teachers of schools, at Is for children, 2s Gd for pupil teachers, and 4s for adults. T'lio weather so far looks favour able for the trip. Mr John Orr, who in early years had a sta tion at tho Colibau, known by tho name of Stratford, will bo fresh in the memory of many old residents. At ono timo ho was' the owner of tho racehorso Tomboy, one of tho largest win ners of events in tho colony. On several occa sions, Mr Orr, who was accounted ono of the best of gentleman jockeys, rode Tomboy. To the end he retained his predilections for tho turf, I10 having been present at the last raco3 at Sandhurst, whero ho got a cold which brought on pneumonia. On Saturday, tho 14th, ho went for a short walk 011 horseback, taking his dogs with him in order to have some coursing, but having got behind his companions a search was mado for him, when he was found upon tho ground, having fallen from his horse through weakness, and theroaftor I10 never rallied. On Thursday lie breathed his last at his residonco, tho Glenhopo station. Ho had reached to within threo years of the allotted throe score and ten. Tho lake was a sourco of attraction to visitors to the Botanical Gardens yesterday. The entire of its bottom is covered with wator that looks of uncertain depth, aud it being still water a stranger might look upon it with suspicion. It is not so clear as might bo expected in looking at the stream flowing down the crook, but its brownish colour may bo partly due to its shal lowness, the colour of the bed, and tho clay it may bo holding in solution, but whioh may settle down. Yet this defect is but a trifling ono whim the appearance of tho lake is con- sidorod, and the pretty island, planted with shrubs, that is seen reflected in the wator, as also somo of tho tall gum trees closo by tho margin. Thero seems to bo a larger stream flowing into tho lake that what thore is in reality, for it is necessarily limited by tho diameter of the pipes, but as it emerges it flows down a rough stouo face, spreads out, and falls with a voice that is hoard at tho eutranco gates. The embankment iu tho creek has raised the water a long way back, almost as far up as tho first bead below tho bridge outside tho northern oxtroniity of tho gardons. Near to tho embankment tho sheot of wator is of good breadth, and skirts a bolt of perpendicular grey rock that has a pretty appearance, and on a small scale approaches to the picturesque when tho oyo takes in the view of water, rock, and lofty sloping hill covered with verdure! A painful nccidont occurred- in tlio Ironstone Hill Co.'s claim 011 Wednesday night. A young man named Simon Ryan, engaged in tho mino, accompanied by two others, was procooding down an inciino in 0110 of the drives ; thoy had 110 light, aud Ryan was sitting on the front of tho truck while his two matos ran him down the incline at a good spcod. A full truck was stand ing on the lino at tho end of tho inciino, the ro- sult being that Ryan's truck came into collision with tlio full one, and tho unfortunate man's foet being jammed betwoen them woro smashed. Ho was brought to tlio surface at once and sent to tho Kynoton Hospital. Tho non-successful applicants for land at Maeo- don residing hero are loud 111 denunciation of Mr Longmoro, and tho action of tho board in divid ing tho allotments. They think their LI feo should bo returned, as it was obtained by what tho local papers characterise as falBO pretences. A person named Beverago, has boon mqlatot in L10 damages for shooting a groyhouild, whioh was coursing 011 his land. Captain Scott, of tho barque Rose M. , was crushed to doatli by a log whilo loading timber at Claroncc Town, Now South Wales, on Fri day. Tuesday, July 1, being tho annivorsary of tho day of tho Separation of tho district of Port Phillip from tho colony of Now South Wales, will bo obsorved as a holiday, tho public offices being closed. Tho bodies of both soainan of tho Lady of tho Lako, recently drowned in tho Sydney harbour, havo been found much mutilated by sharks. Two othor bodies woro found in tho harbour on Friday. A boy named Riley, attending a State school at Stawoll, had tho sight of ono of his oyes com pletely destroyed on Wednesday evening, by a blow from a stono thrown in a goneral row bc- tivcon a nuinbor of boys. | Tho mimbor of births and deaths registered in ; tho metropolitan and suburban registration dis tricts for tho week ending Juno 14th is — births, 194; deaths 88. Of tho total death 24 por cent, woro of children not exceeding tlio age of threo years. I Mr Wm. Moffatt, of Hopkins Hill, a ivoll- known wealthy squatter, died at eleven o'clock 011 Friday at Scott's Hotel. The event was not altogether unexpected, as the deceased gentle man was suffering from a sevore attack of asthma when ho camo to Melbouruo about a fortnight ago for the purposo of obtaining medical aid. Mr Forbes, master of the kotcli Contest was attempting to cross tlio bar at Lake Macquario Heads, Now South Wales, 011 Friday, when a heavy roller capsized tho boat. A whaloboat put off and rescued Forbes and two of tho crow of a barquo. Forbes died subsequently. Tho whalo boat afterwards put off to tho Contest, which an chored outside tho Heads, and rescued a female passenger. Honry Collins, farmer, of Heskct, councillor of tho Nowham sliiro, was brought before the Lanceflold court on Friday charged with stealing potatoes. Sub-inspector Barber conducted the prosecution, and Mr Fairweathor defended. A number of witnesses wore examined for the pro secution. The Bench committee the prisoner to take his trial at the Melbourne Criminal Court, to bo held on July 10. The evidence was very conclusive as to tlio theft. A promising youth of 14 years, named Piazaro, was charged at the St. Arnaud police court on Friday with having stolen a marc, saddle, bridle, aud spurs, the property of John Callaghan, fanner, of Mount Wyclioproof. Prisoner made 110 defence, and was sentenced to 24 hours' im prisonment and two years in a reformatory. It was proved in ovidenco that prisoner had on his way homo to Clunes exchanged horse, bridle, and saddle, for a similar turn out at a profit of L3 7s Gd. Messrs MaoBain, Tytherloigh, and Clark, M.L.A.'s, waited on tlio Minister of Education 011 Friday, to ask for the re-appointment of ono of the 9u unqualified State school teachcra who have boon dispensed with to make room for the numerous licensed and certificated teachers seeking employment from tho department. Major Smith refused tho application, on the ground that if ho revoked tho decision in ono caso lie would bo called upon to do tho same in others. A South Australian Farmer's Mutual Asso ciation has just been formed. Its objects be sides the cultivation of a more friendly feeling amongst the farming community generally, and the consideration of tho bc3t methods of agricul tural and pastoral cultivation, and the best way of raising tho most profitable farming stock, are as follow : — " To considor all legislative ques tions .which effect the agricultural interest. To combine for the purposo of returning men to re present tho farming interest in botli branches of the Legislature whenever an opportunity pre sents itself for so doing. To support all mea sures conducive to the agricultural interest, and to oppose all measures that may bo injurious thereto. To oppose all reckless expenditure of tho public revenue. To suppoit honourable members of the Legislature who may bo advocat ing tho interests of farming." Considerable excitement was caused in the neighbourhood of Armstrong-street (says tho Star) at about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock 011 Saturday morning, by a woman clad in nothing but a white night-dress rushing along Sturt-street, and soroaming loudly all the way along. On arriving at Crawford's corner she mot two constables, into whoso ears alio poured the wild tale that burglars wero breaking into her house in Armstrong-street, near Eyre-strcet, and she aud two othor females had to lcavo the premises. Tlio woman, a Mrs Nicholls, who seemed to tako 110 heed of the biting, frosty air, conducted tho officers of the peace to tho house, but thoy failed to find anything peculiar there savo other terrified females in their night-dresses, hiding like ghosts among some outhouses. They woro soon porsuaded to re-enter the houso, and the oauso of tho excitement is thought to have boon nothing but strong drink. Tho full particulars of tho robbory under arms which occurred at Slreatham on tho 17th inst., reached Melbouruo on Friday night. It appears that the victim of tho outrage, Pierre Bolheguy, a licensed hawker residing at Ballarat East was travelling with tho waggon containing his wares from Lako Bolae, to Streatham. His horses ulti mately became completely exhausted, and lie was compelled to camp out on tho roadsido whon only about livo milo3 from his destination. Whilo oncamped and preparing to ro3t for the night, two men came up to whero ho iv;is sta tioned, and one of them pointing a rovolvor at his head, ordered him to take off tlio coat ho was wearing, and place it upon the ground. The other footpad at oneo proceeded to ransack tho pockets of tho garmont,and appropriated his purso with the money it contained. I11 tho meantime tho first highwayman had succeeded in taking a double-barrelled shot gun from tho van, and "the' man with tlio revolver then kept tho hawker covered whilo his waggon was completely overhaul ed. Not content with thespoil thoy had obtained, the ruffians then compelled Dolheguy to remove tho rings from his fingers and having taken them from him, thoy went away, wishing him good night. Our Melbourne correspondent 011 Saturday re ferred to tho recent collision 011 tho North- Eustorn lino, and tho suspension of tho station- master. Tho following is tlio roport which led to tho suspension : — A roport has been fur nished to tho Commissioner of Railway With re gard to a circumstanco that narrowly escaped itsuing in a frightful catastrophe. It appears that the G.10 a.m. train fom Wodonga, which moots tho 1.40 p.m. passongor down-train at the Newmarket station, was late ill arriving at Essondon, being something liko ton minutes be hind its time. The stationmnstcr at Essondon telegraphed to tho statioumastor at Nowniarkot, instructing him, as it is said, to lot tho 1.40 p.m. down-train go on to Essondon. In tho meantime, howover, the Wodonga train had arrived at Essondon, aud through somo extraor dinary bungling or mismanagement, was allowed to start on a staff ticket 011 its way to Now- markot, notwithstanding tho fact that tho 1.40 p.m. train was proceeding at a rapid pace towards Essondon. A collision was only avoided by tho drivor of tho Wodonga train obsorving a dangor flag waved by tho station-mistross at tho Now niarkot station, and thus sotting his train back to Essondon. Pending an inquiry which is boing made into tho circumstances, tho station-mastor at Essondon has been suspended by Mr Wood3, who is of opinion that ho is to blame in tho matter.. Mr Woods further thinks that the guard and drivor of the Wodonga train aro also to blame for starting without a staff, or obtaining some explanation as to why a staff ticket was sub stituted. Wo nqbico in tho Times of tho 8th May that Hon Robert Honry Mannors Sutton, son of tho lalo Right Hon. Viscount Canterbury, has boon called to tho English Bar. A sea-bird was caught at L u'iicv, Bridgowator, last Thursday, and tiod to the bird's nock was a pieco of tin, 011 which was scratched tho latitude and longitudo in which tho American ship Iu- viuciblo was on tho 1st Juno. Tlio local branch of tho Australian and Euro pean Bank at Sandhurst was re- opened for business on Saturday morning. Piles of sovo- roigns were arranged behind tho counter for pay ment, if required, but so far thoy havo not been encroached upon, tlio receipts during the day boing threo times as much as tho withdrawals. 