iwi, REMINISCENCES. By E. A. Sotuern; The piece known as "Tlio American Cousin," by Tom Taylor, ivas put in rehearsal. I was cast for the part of Lord Dundreary, a fourth-rate old man, only forty-seven lines. I refused the part, but finally agreed with Mr. Burnett, the stage manager, to play on the condition that I should entirely rewrite it. Miss Keene was also full of objections, winch, however, the finally yielded. In rewriting the part, I threw into it everything that strqpk me as wildly absurd. There is not a single look, word, or act in Lord Dundreary that has not been suggested to iuc by persons whom I have known since I was five years of age. It has been frequently said that I have cut the piece down for tlio purpose of Dun- drcaryising the performance. Tliis is not true. I have simply cut out the cellar scone, a drunken act, which was never popular, and so rearranged the play, that instead of seven teen scenes, which it had when it came from the hands of t-lm author, it is now in four acts of one scene each. My part the first night was by no Queans a pronounced success. In fact, it was two or three weeks before the people began to understand what I was about. I had acted so many serious parts before, that the public evidently considered that every tone of my voice ought to be pathetic, just as they now seem to tliink that every tone represent-s some mad eccentricity. "How," I have been asked, "did you happen to hit on that strange hop, skip, and jump business, which has been made so effective in your delineation of the char acter." "Why," I reply, "it was the simplest thing in the world ; it was a mere accident. I have naturally an elastic disposition, and dining a rehearsal one cold morning I was hopping at the back of the stage, when Miss Keene sarcastically inquired if I was going to introduce that in Dundreary. The actors and actresses standing around laughed, and taking the cue, I replied : Yes, Miss Keene ; that's my view of the character.' Having said this I was bound to stick to it, and as I progressed with the rehearsal I found that the whole company, including scene-shifters and property men, were roaring with laughter at my infernal nonsense. When I saw that the public accepted the satire I toned it down to the broad caricature which may be seen at the present day by anyone who has a quick sense of the absurd." You remember that in one act I have a by play on my fingers, on which I count from one to ten, and then reversing, begin with the right thumb and count ten, nine, eight,., seven, six and five are eleven. This has fre- . quently been denounced by critics as utterly out of place in the character. But I took the incident from actual life, having seen a- notoriously clever man on the English turf, as quick as lightning in calculating odds, ' completely puzzled by this ridiculous problem. My distortion of the old aphorisms has like wise been frequently cavilled at as too nonsensical for an educated man. Now see how easily this thought was suggested. A number of us some years ago were taking supper in Halifax after a performance,- when a gentleman who has now retired from the stage, but who is Hiring in New York, suddenly entered the room, aid said : "Oh, yes, ,1 see ; birds of a feather," &c.; The thought instantly struck me on the weak side, and, wmkmg at my brother actors'and assum ing utter ignorance, I said : " What do you mean by birds of a feather?" He. looked ; rather staggered; and repHed : " What, have you never heard of the old EngHsh proverb, ' Birds of a feather flock together ?' " Every one shook his head. He then said: "I never in et such a lot of ignoramuses in my Hfe." That was my cue, and - I began to turn the proverb inside out. I said to him : " There never could have been such a proverb — birds of it feather ! The idea of a whole flock of birds having only one feather ! The thing is utterly ridiculous. Besides, the poor bird that had that feather must have flown on one side ; consequently, as the other birds couldn't fly at all, they couldn't flock together. But even : accepting the absurdity, if they flooked at all they, must flock together, as no bird could possibly be such a fool as to go into a corner and try and flock by . himself." Our visitor began to see the point of the logic, and was greeted with roars of latightejr. ; I made a memorandum of the incident, and years afterwards elaborated the idea in writing-Dundreary. I have quires upon quires of memoranda of a similar charaoter ; but whenever I play the part the piibHc seem so disappointed at not hearing the old lines that I fear I shall never have the opportunity of getting them to accept what would really bo a much better version. Let me tell you about a certain supper in Glasgow. It was one of those late affairs which, sometimes occur after theatre; hours, and I had around , me a number; of excellent friends and bons , vivants j among whom was a professor of the Glasgow College, several barristers, and two or three army men. Tins professor was a. singularly clever and jolly fellow; but he , had- ja1 pecuUar way of leaving a company; .very frequently without saying good-bye to any3 person present. It was a pure matter 6f' politeness on his part, however, ,, because,- having duties to perform either on jjistiown account or that of others, he cHdu' t choose to- make a feature of his departure, and ; so' disturbed the remander of the, guests.. One' of the officers 'was Major I 'wbnU mention liis name — a splendid specimen of la bluff, lionest-spoken old EngHsh gentleman. In the course of the conversation 'at " the table, he remarked; "I went to see 'the world-famed 'conjuror, Professoi— — £' to night ; and what a pity it is .that he should go ou the stage in such a shameful condition !" I asked him what was the matter. < ' Why, ' ' said lie, " he was drunk, sir, disgracefully drunk !" The demon of mischief instantly took possession of me. The major was not acquainted with our eccentric guest, the professor from the Glasgow CoHege. There fore, in the most accidental manner, crossing my leuees, I managed to touch the major on the leg, and at the same time softly " Sli-sli- sk!" He turned around quickly, looked at me, became very red in the face, evidently taking a hint the reason of which lie didn't comprehend. I saw at once that he was in a mental muddle, and winking in a suggestive manner, as much as to say, " Look out for yourself," remarked sotto voce: " My dear sir, you' ve made a mistake. Y ou surely don' t mean no was cLruuk r' "JNo, no, he repHed in a disconcerted sort of way, ' ' not exactly drunk, but — but — rather confused, you understand. I've seen a good many of the Euglish "jugglers, and I don't consider liim as good as several whom I know." At tliis juncture the professor took his hat and walked out, which we, who knew him, recognised as his quiet way of absenting him self without going through the formula of breaking up a social party. You see, he had liis lecture to prepare for the next day, and wo of the club, being aware of the fact, paid no attention to his exit-. When the professor was fairly out of hearing, I observed to the major : " This is a nice mess you've made !" ' ' What is it ? what did I say ?' ' he enquired, anxiously. " Why," said I, "didn't you see the in dignant way in which lie got up and left the room? That's the son-in-law of the con juror — married his daughter only two days ago, and of course he feels naturally indignant at the remark which he heard you make." "Hang it," said the major, "why didn't you teU me ? You lacked me and confused me." "Nonsense," I repHed; "I looked at you and winked at you, and slioo-ed at you, and tried to stop you as an intelligent being capable of taking a hint." " Oh, well, well, well ; who the deuce could foHow a wink like that? But what am I going to do about it ?" I suggested that he should write the pro-1 fessor a nice letter, and explain the affair in a semi-apologetic way, stating that he was a. trifle under the influence of wine, etc. Thereupon the major went to my desk, and at my dictation scribbled off a note and properly addressed it. "Now," I said, " I wiU send tliis by my own servant, so that there sliaH he no mis carriage." Of course, I didn't send it at aU ; but the next day I wrote a letter and had it copied and signed in the professor's name, which was 'one of the most grossly insulting in its charaoter that I could > con ceive. It road "something Hke this : — "Simply because you happen to be a cavalry officer and I a quiet uuiversity pro fessor, you think you can insult me by assail ing the purity of my father-in-law. As you yourself confess, you are only a drunken cad," &e.;, &c.; The major came the next morning trembl ing with rage, and showed me the letter. " What do you think of that r" said he, excitedly. " Ha call me a drunken cad." I sootlirngly replied : " Oh, that's only his classical method of expression." " D n his classical method. I'll go and kick him out of his lecture -room." I calmed the major as weU as I knew how, and as soon as lie was gone, sat down and wrote a note to tlio other professor — the conjuror in the name of Major So-and-So, to the effect that he had received a letter from his son-in-law, saying that he would cowhide him at the first opportunity. That brought another com munication stiU more mixing up matters. Of course you understand that I wrote all these myself, and consequently held the trump cards in my own hand. These letters went backwards and forwards for several days. EinaUy, I sent one from the professor chaUenging the major, and at the same time caused a number of tele- gragliic messages to he transmitted from different parts of Scotland from men with whom I knew he was intimate, expressive ;of their astonishment that a gentleman so weU known for his liigh coinage should have been guilty of conduct so utterly unbecoming his position. N ow the ma j or was a man of warm temperament, who in bygone days in India and elsewhere, had been fighting duels about once a week, although such a piece of absurdity, at the present hour, would only have resulted in his being cashiered. As a consequence he was thrown into a state of extreme excitement and per plexity. Just about tliis time I started for London, leaving behind me a batch of letters and telegrams to he sent to the major on the foHowing day. They were of the most sHghting and insulting description. Ren dered utterly desperate by these, lie followed me to London, sending me a telegram in advance, saying that he desired to act on my advice in the premises, and would meet me at a given hour for consultation. I then arranged it to have the professor from Glas gow to dine with me the very day the major was to call. As the latter walked into the room he was completely staggered when the professor advanced and shook him by the hand in the most cordial and amicable manner. Of course the major couldn't resist what he now regarded as an evidence of good wiU, and commenced to make explanations. The professor Hstened in speechless astonishment.. Not having the ghost of an idea what it was all about, he thought the major was drunk ; and as I kept making signs to him, he treated him accordingly. The whole thing was so ludicrous that at last wO all of us burst into a hearty, good-natured laugh, which was redoubled when I told the whole story. I ought to -say that I never would have indulged in this Httle joke 'had it not been that the major, soiiie weeks previously, had got me into comparative trouble by a practical joke of his own, of Which I was the victim. MyTevenge was ''natural and most complete. T think that: one of the most reckless affairs with which I have ever had to do occurred at the house of a friend of mine who wrts himself fond of a joke, and had at -home abundant opportunity for the making of one. A regiment had just arrived from the Crimean : war, and was forwarded to Glasgow to be . quartered there. My-. friend asked the officers to dine immediately after : their . arrival, although he was ; a stranger tp ithem all except by reputation. He invited me to go with him, remarking : "Now, Ned, let us have, some fun ;" and we ' at once .concocted -a .plan. . I knew his residence very weH, - and could do any thing I " pleased in it. With his leave I . sent for a tohemMon..abd>tpld'dnni, to ascertain where . the fliie from' the firegrate made its exit on the roof, as I wanted him that'nighfc, during the .'dinner, to. call. down the chimney in answer to iuiy questto I might ask. My ' friend; .the Host, meanwhile, was to; introduce "hie to his Quests as a celebrated American ventriloquist who was about to 'appear in Lohdbhj 'and' -,wj«;'hclmhwiedged'"to-' be the most ' extrao'rffihaitymrtist- of thejkind "in the world. ";"y?liile the meal was going on, Colonel ''""''.'v'.A ' very aristocratic ' old man, .gradually - 'begau to 'throw out suggestions ' and to ; lead'.cdhversation in the direction of ventriloquial''subj ects. I, of course, '.pretended to be vOiy ' biislifiil, and to avoid any allusion to7 the-'theme. After much soHcita- rtioii, -however," I< consented to speak, as he said, only two or three'words. Mark you, I had timed : the 'experiment so that it should be exactly:- eight "o'clock, or witliiu a few minutes of tit, 'when I knew that my mason ' would: -beekeeping his engagement at the ' other- : end r of ;the chimney. Going to the fireplace, I shouted at the top of my voice — "for it was : a deuced long way up — " Are you there ?" -but there was no response. I came to the conclusion that us by this time it was 'raihing very hard, the stone-ifiason had got sick of the' whole business, and left the roof. Imagine my surprise when, in eight or ten seconds afterwards, just as I had turned aud ivas going to tell the colonel that my failure was due entirely to an ulcerated sore throat, a deep voice was heard hallooing down the flue: "I don't hear a word!" The colonel, officers, and aH the guests looked perfectly staggered. I immediately took advantage of the situation, and remarked : " There, you see how badly I did ! You notice what a guttural tone there was in my voice ;" Bbut they all crowded round me, and said it was the most extraordinary thing they ever heard in tlieir Hves, and begged me to repeat the experiment. I had previously made the arrangement with the mason that when I said " Good-bye !" three times he would understand that I required bun no more. I therefore shouted out ' Good-bye !" three times, and, getting no response, concluded that he had gone, and thought no more about the matter. About an hour after this the colonel was leaning against the mantelpiece, smoking a cigar, when he turned to me — I was on the opposite side of the room— aud said : ' ' Colonel Slayter" (by which name I had been intro duced to the company), " I have no hesitation in saying that you are the most extraordinary ventriloquist aHve. Now, in my own Httle way I occasionally try to amuse my children iu the same) maimer ; but it is ready absurd, after the wonderful effect you have produced, to give you an iUustration here ; still, I will try. For instance, when at home I sometimes put my head up the ehimuey and shout : ' Are you coming down?' " and the old gentleman accompanied the action to the words. J udgo of our utter amazement when a yell was heard iu the chimney : " Oh, go to the devil ! I have had enough of this." It so happened that I was chatting with a number of the officers at the moment, and the colonel almost reeled up against the table in his astonish ment at such an unexpected reply., Every body looked at liim, as if for an explanation. Taking in the situation' quickly, and carelessly stepping forward, I said : "There, gentlemen, that is my last effort. I am suffering so much from bronchial affection that you must really excuse me from any further exhibition." One and aH of them gathered around me and wrung my hands, expressing their amazemeut at the high art I had evinced, and pro mising me a magnificient reception whenever I should appear in puhHc. It was as much as I could kdo to preserve at serious face. The joke was too good to keep longhand in a / Httle .while afterwards, 'in the course of con versation, the host said : " By1 the way, Sothern, do you remember So-and-so?" " "What !" said all the officers, looking up ; " Sothem? I thought tliis was Colonel Slayter?" "Ohrno," repHed my friend, "that's Lord Dundreary." .. That was my first and last experience as a ventriloquist. 