gitatere & garnet THE CLOVEN FOOT. BY MISS BRADDON, Authob of 'Lady Audust's Sbceht,' &c;, &c.; iPublished by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXIX.— George Gbb.atit-. John Treverton was out of the doctor's hands before Christmas was over, and able to appear on his maTe, Black Bess, with his wife, mounted on the gentlest of grev Arabs, at the lawn meet, which was held at the Manor House on New Year's Day. It was the first tune the hounds had met there since the death of old John Trever ton, Jasper's father, who had been a hunt ing m&n;' Jasper had never cared for field sports, and had subscribed te the hounds as a duty. But now John Treverton the younger, who loved horses and hounds, as it is natural to an Englishman to love them, meant that things should be as they had been in the days of his great-uncle, generally known among the elder section of the community as ' the old squire.' lie had bought a couple of hunters and a first rate hack for himself, an Arabian and a smart cob for his wife ; and Laura and he had ridden for many a mile over the moor in the mild afternoons of early autumn, getting into good form for the work they were to do. in the winter. Laura took kindly to the cob, and petted the Arab to a distracting degree. After a month's experience on the moors, and a good many standing jumps over furze and water, she began to ride really well, and her husband looked forward to the delight of piloting her across the country in pur suit of the red deer, before the hunting season was over. But he meant, if he erred at all, to err on the side of caution, and on this New Year's Day he had declared that he should only take Laura quietly through the lanes, and let her have a peep at the hounds at a distance. Celia, in the shortest of habits, a mere petticoat, and the most coquettish of hats, was mounted on her father's steady-going roadster, a stalwart animal of prodigious girth, who con templated the hounds with unvarying equanimity. ' 'What' has become of your brother ?'' Laura asked, as she and Celia waited about, side by side, watching .the assembling of the field. 'I haven't seen him since my children's party.' ' Oh, didn't I tell you ? He is in Lon don, making arrangements about a play that he is to write for one of the big theatres. Mamma had a letter from Mm this morning. He is coming the day after to-morrow, and he is going to bring a London acquaintance to stay two or three days at the Vicarage. A young doctor, good- looking, clever, a bachelor. Novr, Laura, don't you really think the world must be coming to an end very soon ?'' ' No, dear ; but I congratulate you on the bachelor. He will be an acquisition. You must bring him to us.' 'Oh, but Edward says he can only stay two er three days. He has his practice to attend to. lie is only coming for a breath of country air.' ' Poor fellow ! What is his name ?' 'Edward did not tell us that. Som3 thing horrid, I dare say. Smith, or Jones, or Johnson — a name to dispel all pleasant illusions.' ' Here comes Mr. Sampson.' ' Yes, on the hoise he drives in his dog cart. Could you believe, Laura, that a horse could support existence with so much bone and £o little flesh ?' This was all Laura heard about the ex pected guest at the Vicarage, but pooi Celja was in a flutter of wondering antici pation for the next two days. She took particular pains to make her brother's den attractive, yet sighed as she reflected how much of the stranger's brief visit would be spent within the closed doors of that masculine snuggery. ; ' I wonder whether he is fond of tea,' she mused, when she had given the heightening touch to the multifarious frivolities of the poet's study ; ' and whether I shall be allowed to join them at kettle drum. Very likely he is one of those dreadfully mannish men who hate to talk to girls, and look glum whenever they're forced to endure women's society. A doctor! scientific, perhaps, and devoted to dry bones. Edward calls him handsome ; but I daresay that was only said in order to prepossess us in his favor, and secure a ©ivil reception for him.' Thus, in maiden meditation, mused the damsel on that January evening, when her brother and her brother's friend were ex pected. The omnibus from the ' George' was to bring them from the station, and that omnibus would be due at a quarter past seven. It was now striking seven by the deep-toned church clock: a solemn chime that had counted out Celia's hours ever since she could remember. She hardly knew time or herself out of earshot of that grave old clock. ' Seven,' she exclaimed, ' and my hair anyhow.' She slipped off to her room, lighted her -jreseing-table candles, and took up her band mirror the better to survey the ediiice \- f frizzy little curls which crowned her mall, neatly shaped head. ' Dear little head, brimming over with \- ur!s,' she sang gaily, smiling at herself in he glass, as she put her pet ringlets in their \ roper places, and smoothed the corner of n eyebrow with her little finger. 'What a blessing not to be obliged to I owder, and to have lips that are naturally ed,' she said to herself. ' It might almo3t reconcile one to be buried alive in a village.' She put on her prettiest dress in honor of the visitor. It was by no means an elaborate costume. There were no intri cacies of style, no aTtistic combinations of material. Celia's best indoor gown was only a dark green French merino, brishtened by a good deal of ribbon, art fully disposed in unexpected bows and knots, and floating sash ends.^ Happily, the color suited Celia's complexion, and the soft fabric fell in graceful folds upon her slender figure. Altogether, Celia felt her self looking nice when she put out her candles and ran downstairs. A substantial tea-dinner was waiting for the travellers in the dining-room, to the sore discomfort of the vicar, who hated a tea-dinner, and was accustomed to dine at a punctual half-pa»t six. ' Whv must we have a makeshift meal of this find ?' he asked, fretfully. ' Why couldn't these young men come in time for our regular dinner ?' 'Why because there was no train to bring them, you dear, stupid, old Pater,' retorted the flippant Celia. ' I'm sure th» table looks quite too lovely.' A fine piece of cold roast beef at the end opposite the urn and tea-tray, a pigeon pie, a salad, an apple pasty, and a home-made cake or two, diamond-cut jars of marma lade and jam, and a noble glass bowl of junket, did not promise badly for two hungry young men ; but the Vicar looked across the board, from Dan to Beersheba, and found it all barren. ' I suppose nobody has thought of order ing anything hot for me,' he remarked,, with an injured air. It was a tradition in the family that the Vicar could not eat a cold dinner. It wa& not that he would not, but that he could not. The consequences were too awful. No one but himself knew the agonies which he suffered if he was forced to dine on cold beef or mutton. His system could accom modate lobster, he could even reconcile nature to cold chicken, but his internal economy would have nothing to do with cold mutton or beef. 'Dearest creature,' said Celia, raising herself on tiptoe in order to caiess her father's iron grey beard, ' there is a par ticular dish of cutlets for you, with the mushroom sauce your soul loveth.' The Vicar gave a sigh of satisfaction, and just at tbat moment the wheels of the omni bus sounded on the road outside, the Vicar age gate fell back with a clang, and Mr. Clare and his daughter went out to receive the travellers, while Mrs. Clare, who had been indulging herself with a nap by the drawing-room fire, opened her eyes, and began to wonder vaguely whether it was night or morning. What sort of man did Celia behold when she went into the lamplit hall, sheltering herself shyly under her father's wing, to welcome her brother and his guest ? Not at all the kind of young man she expected to see, yet his appearance impressed her favorably, notwithstanding. He was strikingly original, she told Laura after wards, and that in an age of hum-drum was much. She saw a tall, broad-shouldered man, with marked features, well-shaped yet somewhat rugged, a pale complexion slightly pitted witli smallpox, black hair and beaTd, dark grey eyes, with a wonderful power and light in them, under thick black brows. 'The idea of calling this stern-looking creature handsome,' thought Celia, while her father and Mr. Gerard were shaking hands, and then in the next instant the stern-looking creature smiled, and Celia. admitted to herself that his smile was nice. ' You must be desperately hungry,' said the Vicar, ''unless you've dined on the way.' ' Dined on the way !' echoed Edward, peevishly. *' We've travelled third-class,, and. we've had nothing but a split soda and a couple of Abernethy biscuits since nine this morning.' 'Poor, poor things,' cried Celia, with intense pity, '? but I can't help being rather glad, for you will so enjoy your tea.' Edward had introduced his friend to his father and sister, and now presented him to Mrs. Clare, who came out of the drawing room, smiling blandly, and trying not to look sleepy. They all went into the dining-room, where the table which the Vicar had despised seemed to the two young1 men a land of promise. The urn hissed, and Celia made- the tea, while Mrs. Clare sat at the other end of the board, and carved the beef with a liberal, motherly hand. It was quite a merry party, for George Gerard had plenty to say for himself, and the Vicar was pleased to get hold of an intelligent young man, fresh from London, and steeped to the lips in the knowledge of metropoli tan politics, which are about a month ahead of rural politics. They sat at table for an. hour and a half, and the three-quarters of an hour during which Gerard leaned back 'l in his chair, talking to Celia on one sid© and the Vicar on the other, and con suming numeious cups of tea was in the surgeon's estimation the pleasantest part of the time. It was long, very long, since Gerard had found himself in so bright a room, or in such, agreeable company. The homelike air of his surroundings warmed his heart, which, had teen chilled, by long homeleseness. The? family history that lay behind his hard career was not a happy one. A profligate father wasting his opportunities and squan dering his resources, a mother struggling nobly against adversity, trying against all disadvantages to maintain, by her own efforts in art and literature, a home for her unworthy husband and her idolised son. A boyhood at a cheap Scotch University, and. just on the threshold of manhood, the loss of this patient dearly-loved mother, some years a widow. And then the young man found himself face to face with stern necessity, and in a hard, indifferent world that knew nothing of him and cared nothing for him. He had begun the battle of life with a determination to place himself among those who conquer. His ambition was hard and bitter. He had none of those incentives to effort that sweeten toil, where a man knows that he is working for mother or wife, or children. There was no creature of his own race to rejoice in his success or to compassionate his ill fortune. If nature had not made him of strong stuff he would most likely have drifted to the gutter. For a weaker soul the unaided struggle would have been too dreary. Happily for George Gerard he loved his profession for its own sake. That love stood him in tlie stead of human sympathy and human affection. A word of commen dation from one of the famous men at the hospital, a word of gratitude from one of his own patients, the knowledge that he had managed a case well, these things cheered and sustained Mm, and he tramped along the difficult road with a bold front and a lofty heart sure of success at the end of it, if he but lived to reach the end. To-night he abandoned himself to the new delight of pleasant society. A bright room, furnished with that heterogeneous comfort which marks the gradual growth of a family dwelling ; dark crimson curtains drawn across the broad bay window; family portraits on the walls ; lamps on the table, and candles on the mantelpiece and sideboard ; a fire heaped high with, wood and coal ; the Vicar's favorite colley stretched luxuriously on the hearthrug. ' I don't think I will go into the draw ing-room to-night,' said the Vicar, wheel ing his chair round to the fire when the iable had been cleaned, f Fm sure you laven*t so good a fire as this in there.' Mis. Clare admitted that the drawing room fire was not as good as it might be. ** Very well, then, we'll finish the even ing here. If these two young men want to . £moke they can go to Ted's room.' Mr. Gerard declared that he did not want to smoke. He was much too comfortable -where he was. And then the Vicar began to question him about his profession, what such and such men were doing, and what these new men were like who had won reputation lately. Gerard talked best when le talked of his own calling, and Gelia, working point lace in a corner by the fire, thought that he looked really handsome , when lie was animated. It was a_ face so 'different from all those prosperous, f resh- -jolored, country bred faces that, her daily life had shown her ; a face marked with the strongest determination, vivifiedby a power ful intellect. The girl's observant eye noted every characteristic in that interesting countenance. She saw, too, that the young man's black frock coat had undergone harder wear than any garment she had ever seen worn by her brother ; that bis boots were of a thick and useful kind, and lacked the style of a fashionable maker; that he wore a silver watch chain, and exhibited none of the trinkets affected hy prosperous youth. Now Gelia Glare was not fond of poverty. She considered it a necessary evil, butliked to give it as wide a berth as possible. Any 'visiting she did amongst her father's poor went sorely against the grain; and she always wondered how it was that Laura got on so well with the distressed classes. Yet she felt warmly interested in this young -doctor, who was evidently most uninterest ingly poor. Chapter XXX. — Thou abt the Man. The next day was Sunday. George Gerard was up as soon as it was light, and off for a ramble on the moor before the nine o'clock breakfast. This glimpse of the country was sweet to him, even in the Weak January weather, and he wanted to make the most of his brief opportunity. When he came back to the Vicarage after his walk he found Edward Glare smoking a cigar in the shrubbery. 'What a fellow you are to be rambling about in such wintry weather,' cried Edward, by way of salutation. ' I want a few minutes talk before we go in to breakfast. We may not get a chance of being alone afterwards. Celia is so fussy on Sunday mornings. I should like you to go to church with us if you don't object.' ' I had made up my mind to go. I hope you don't suppose I have an antipathy to churches ?' 'One never knows how that may be. I don't imagine there's much church-going among young professional men in London.' '1 used to escort my mother to church every Sunday morning when I was a little boy, and those were my happiest days. If I didn't like the Sunday morning service for its own sake, I should like it because it put me in mind of her.' '* Ah,' sighed Edward, ' I daresay when a fellow loses his mother early in life, he feels sentimental about it ever afterwards. But when a mother gets to the elderly and twaddly age, one may be fond of her, but one can't feel poetical about her. Til tell you 'why I want you to go to church with us, Gerard. John Trsverton is sure to be there. It will be a capital opportunity for you to take stock of him. Our pew is just opposite the Manor House pew; You'll have him in full view all through the service.' **Very good,' assented Gerard. -fIf this Mr. Treverton and Jack Chicot are the «ame, I shall know him. wherever I see him.' Celia was in excellent sprits all breakfast time, and poured out tea and coffee 'with a ?vivacity and a grace worthy of French comedy. The presence of a strange young man had a wonderfully brightening in fluence. Celia felt grateful to her brother for having afforded this unaccustomed variety in the monotous course of rural life. She took more pains than usual in putting -on her bonnet for church, though that was .an operation which she always performed ?carefully, and she happened somehow to be walking by Mr. Gerard's side for the few hundred yards between the Vicarage and the lych gate. The Vicarage party were amongst the vfirst arrivals. There were only the charity -children in the gallery, and a few gaffers and goodies in the free seats. The gentry dropped in elowly. Here was Mr. Samp son, the lawyer, looking his sandiest, accompanied by Miss Sampson, in a dis tinctly new bonnet. Here was Lady Barker, short and fat and puffy, in an ancient velvet mantle, bordered with brown fur, like a common councillor's cloak on Lord Mayor's day, and with a bonnet that reached the climax of dowdiness — but when one is Lady Barker, and has lived in the same house for five-and-thirty years, it matters very little what one wears. Here came the Pugsleys, the retired iron monger and his wife, from Beechampton. -Mrs. Pugsley, positively gorgeous in velvet and sable, and with a bird of many colors in her bonnet. Next arrived Mrs. Daracott, the rich widow, whose husband was the jargest tenant farmer in the district, and who looks as if all Hazelhuret belonged to ier; and here, after a sprinkling of no iwdies, came John Treverton and Ms wife. The vicar gave out a New Year's hymn two minutes after this last arrival, and the 'Congregation rose. **The man is marvellously changed,' ?George Gerard said to himself, as he stood 3 &ce; to face with John Treverton, but he is ihe man I knew in Cibber-street and no other.' Yes ; it was Jack Chicot. Happiness had given new life and color in the face, pros perity had softened the harshness of its out line. The hollow cheeks had filled, the haggard eyes had recovered the glory and gladness of youth. But the man was there —the same man in whose face Gerard had looked a year and a half agof reading the secret of his loveless marriage. Did he look like an undetected murderer? Did he look like a man tormented by re morse, weighed down with the burden of a guilty secret f Assuredly not. He had the straight outlook of one whose conscience is clear, whose heart is free from guile. _ If he were verily guilty, he must be the prince of hypocrites. His wife was at his side, and George Gerard looked at her with a painful interest. What a lovely, trustful face, radiant with innocence and contentment. And was this guileless creature to be made wretched by the knowledge of her husband's deceit? Was her heart to be broken in order that J ohn Treverton should he punished ? Edward Clare had said that it was for her sake he wanted to know the truth about her husband ; it was that she might be rescued from a degrading alliance, :pro- , tected from a man who was at heart a villain. George Gerard watched the husband and wife at intervals during the service. He could see nothing but placid content, a mind at ease, in the face of John Treverton. The idea of this freedom from care on the part of him who had been La Chicot's husband embittered Gerard. ' - il Had that woman been my wife, I should have been sorry for her cruel fate, I should have mourned for her honestly, in spite of her degradation. But had she been my wife she would never have sunk so low. I would | bare made it the business of my life to j Lave saved her.' f Thus argued the man who had passion ately loved the beautiful, soulless woman, and who had never' comprehended the utter emptiness of her mind and heart. Once in the progress of the service John Treverton looked across the aisle, and saw the stern, gray eyes watching him. In that one glance Gerard saw that he waB recog nised. ' What will he do if we meet presently ?' Gerard asked himself. ' He'll cut me dead, no doubt.' They did meet, for in leaving the church porch Laura stopped to talk to Mrs. Clare and Celia. Edward and his frieni were close behind. ' Is it the man ?' Edward asked in a whisper. ' Yes,' answered Gerard. They went along the churchyard path together, and at the gate there was a pause. Laura wanted the vicarage party to go to luncheon at the Manor House, but Mrs. Clare declined. Of course the children could do what they liked, she said, as if her children had ever done anything else since they had emerged from the helpless ness of infancy. Even in their cradles they had had wills of their own. *-? Celia looked at her brother, and saw by a warning twitch of his eyebrows that she was to say no. 4-I think we had better go home to luncheon,' she said, meekly. ' Papa likes us to be at home on Sundays.' Then she gave her brother's sleeve a little tug. 'You haven't introduced Mr. Gerard,' she whispered. 'Ah, to be sure. Mr. Gerard, Mrs. Treverton, Mr. Treverton. ? 'Mr. Gerard and I have met before under circumstances that made me deeply indebted to him,' said John Treverton, holding out his hand. Gerard lifted his hat, but appeared not to see the offered hand. This unexpected frankness took him by surprise. He had been prepared for anything rather than for John Treverton's acknowledgment of their past acquaintance. It was a bold stroke if the man were euilty ; but Gerard's experience had taurlit him that guilt is generally bold. ' I should be glad of ten minutes' talk with vou, Mr. Gerard,' said Treverton ' Will you walk my way ?' u We'll all walk as far as the Minor House,' said Celia. ' We need not be home till two, need we* ma ?' ?'? No, dear, but be sure you are punctual,' answered the good-natured mother. ' 1 shall say good-bye, Laura, my dear.' While Laura lingered a little to take leave of Mrs. Clare, Treverton and Gerard walked on in front of Celia and her brother, along the frost-bound road, under the leaf less elms. ' The world is much smaller than I took it to be,' John Treverton began, after a pause, ' or you and I would hardly meet in such an out-of-the-way corner of it as this.' Gerard said nothing. ' Were you not surprised to see me in so altered a position ?' the other asked, after an uncomfortable pause. ' Yes, I was certainly surprised.' ' I am going to appeal to your kind feel ing — nay, to your honor. My wife knows nothing of my past life, save that it was wild and foolish. You know too well what degradation there was for me in my first marrifge — I am not going to speakill of the dead ? ' ??Pray do not,' interposed Gerarl,very pale. ' But I must speak plainly. When you knew me I was a most miserable man. I have stood upon one of the bridges many a night, and thought that the best thiag I could do with myself was to drop quietly over. Well, Providence cut the knot; for me — in a terrible manner — but still the knot was cut. Fate has been very kind to me. My wife is the dearest and noblest of women. To pluck the veil from my past history would be to give her infinite pain. I ask you, then, as a gentleman, as a man ; of honor, to keep my secret and spare her and me.' ' And you,' said Gerard, bitterly. ' Yes, it is doubtless of yourself you think when you ask me to be silent. To spare you? Did you pity or spare the wretched creature who loved you fondly even in iier degrada tion ? As for your secret, as you call it, it is no secret. *Mr. Clare, the Vicar's son, knows as well as I do that John Chicot and John Treverton are one and the same.' « He knows it ? Edward Clare 1' 'Yes.' 'Since when?' ' Positively since this morning in church . He had his suspicions before. This morning I was able to confirm them.' UI am sorry for it,' said John Treverton, after they had walked a few paces in silence. ' I am sorry for it. I had hoped that part of my life was dead and buried — that no phantom from that hateful past would ever arise to haunt my innocent young wife. It is very hard upon me ; still harder upon her.' 'There are some ghosts not easily laid,' returned Gerard. 'I should think the ghost of a murdered wife was one of them.' ' Edward Clare is no friend to me,'pursued Treverton, hardly hearing Gerard's remark. ' He will make the most malicious use of this knowledge that he can. He will tell my wife.' ' Might he not do something worsa than that?' « What ?' 'What if he were to tell the police where Chicot, the wife murderer, is to be found?' 'My God!' cried Treverton, turning upon the speaker with a look of infinite horror. ' You do not think me that?' ' Unhappily, I do.' ' On what grounds ?' ' First, on the strength of your cowardly conduct that night. Why should you shirk the responsibitity of your position if you were not guilty ? Your flight was damning evidence against , you. Surely you must have known that when you fled.' ' I ought to have known it, perhaps ; but L thought of nothing except how best and quickest to escape from the entanglement that had been the bane and blight of my manhood. My wife was dead. Those glassy eyes, with their awful look of horror \- — that marble hand — told me that life had been gone for hours. What good could I do by remaining? Attend an inquest at which the story of my life would be ripped up for the delight of every gossipmonger in the kingdom, until I, John Treverton, alias Chicot, stood face to face with the world, so tainted and infected that no inno cent woman could own me as her husband ? What good to me, to that poor dead woman, or to society at large, could have come of my cross-examination at the in quest ?' 'This much good, at least: your inno cence — if you are innocent — might have been made manifest. As it is, the infe rences are all in favor of your guilt.' 'How could I have proved my inno cence ? I could have offered no stronger proof at the inquest than I offer you now — my own word — the word of a man who at his worst never stooped to dishonor. I tell you face to face, as man to 'man, that I never lifted my hand against my wife; never, even when words were bitter be tween us, and of late we had many bitter words. I tried, honestly, to save her from her own weakness. The day had been when I was fond of her in a reckless way, never looking forward to the future, or thinking what kind of a couple she and I would be when age had sobered us, and life had grown real and serious. No, Mr. Gerard, I am not a cruel man ; and though the fetters hung heavy upon me I should never have striven to set myself free. When I saw those people — Desrolles and the two women — standing round me that night, it( flashed upon me all at once that in their eyes I might look like a murderer. And then I foresaw suspicion, difficulties of all kinds, and above all that which I most dreaded, a hideous notoriety. If I stayed all this was inevitable. I might escape everything if I could get away. At that moment I considered only my own interest. I saw as it were a gate standing open leading into a new world. Was I very much to blame if I took advantage of my* chance, and left my old life behind me?' ' No man can leave his past life behind him,' answered Gerard. ' Well, if you are innocent I am sorry for you, as I should be sorry for any innocent man who had so acted as to seem guilty. I am still more sorry for your wife.' ' Yes, you have need to be sorry for her,' said Treverton, with a quiet anguish that touched even the man who thought him guilty. u God help her, poor girl. We have been very happy together, but if Edward Clare holds our happiness in his hand our peaceful days are at an end.' They were at the Manor House gate by this time, and here they stopped and waited in silence for the others to join them. Celia and Laura had been talking together merrily, while Edward walked beside them, silent and thoughtful. John Treverton shook hands with Celia, but he only gave Edward a curt nod of adieu. ?* Good morning, Mr. Gerard,' he said, with cold courtesy. ' Come, Laura, if Celia has made up her mind to go home to luncheon we musn't detain her.' 'Duty prevails over inclination,' said Celia, laughingly. 'If I were to come to the Manor House I should forget my Sunday- school work. From 3 to 4 o'clock I have to give my mind to Scripture history. How dreadfully absorbed you look, Mr. Gerard,' she exclaimed, struck by the surgeon's thoughtful aspect. Have you any serious case in London that is preying upon your mind ?' 'I have plenty of serious cases, Miss Clare, but I was not thinking of them just then,' he answered, smiling at her piquant little face, turned to him interrogatively. ' My patients are moptly sufferers from an incurable malady.' ' Good gracious ! poor things. Is it an epidemic? ' No, a chronic disorder — poverty.' 'Ob, poor souls, then I'm sure I pity them. I've been subject to occasional at tacks towards the end of the quarter all my life/' They were walking homewards by this time, Edward in the rear. ' Now, do you seriously think, Miss Glare, that a young lady, living in her father's house, with everv want provided for, can know the meaning of the word poverty ?' ' Certainly I do, Mr. Gerard. But I must tell you that you start upon false premises. Young ladies living in their father's house have not always every want provided for. I have known what it is to be desperately in want of six-button gloves and not to be able to get them.' ' You have never known what it is to want bread.' ' I'm not particularly fond of bread,' said Celia, ' but I have often had to com plain of the disgusting staleness of the loaf they give us at luncheon.' ' Ah, Miss Clare, when I was a student at Mariscbal College, Aberdeen, I have seen many a young fellow walking the street in his scarlet gown, gaunt and hungry-eyed, to whom a munch of your stale loaf would have been a luxury. When a Scotch parson sends his son to the Univer sity he is not always able to give him the price of a daily dinner. Well for the lad if he can ba sure of a bowl of porridge for breakfast and supper.' ' Poor dear creatures!' said Celia. I'm afraid Edward spends as much money on gloves and cigars as would keep an econo mical young man at the University — but then he is a poet.' ' Is a poet necessarily a spendthrift ?' 'Upon my word I don't know, but they seem generally given that way, don't they? One can hardly expect them to be very care ful about pounds, shillings, and pence. Their heads are in the clouds, and they have no eyes for the small transactions of daily life.' After this they walked on for a little while in silence, George Gerard thought fully contemplative of the fair young face, with its xnignon prettiness and frivolous ex pression. : ' It would be a misfortune, as- well as b folly, for a man of my stamp to admire such a girl as that,' he told, himself ; ' but I may allow myself to be amused by her.' A minute afterwards Edward Clare came up to him and took him by the 'arm. 'Well,' he said, 'what passed between you and Treverton ?' ' A good deal, yet it amounts to very little. I am sorry for him.' ' Then you do not believe that he killed his wife?' . . ' I don't know. It is a profound mystery. I should advise you to let things take their own course. What good will it do for you to make that poor young wife of his miser able? If he is guilty, punishment will come sooner or later ; if he is innocent, it would be a hard thing for you to persecute him.' ' ^fVhat, do you suppose I am such a milktop as to let him go on his way un questioned? I, who have loved Laura, and last her? Suppose him. even innocent of tip murder — which is much more than Iamiready to believe— he is guilty of a cruel fraud upon his present wife ; of an impudent fraud upon the trustees to Jasper Treverton's estate, of whom my father is one. j He has no more right to yonde Mantr House than I have. His marriage with Laura Malcolm is no marriage. Am I to liold my peace, knowing all this?' ' To reveal what you know will be to break Mrs. Treverton's heart, and to reduce her to beggary. Hardly the act of a frieni' 'I may give her pain, but I shall not reduce her to beggary. She has a small in comepf her own.' ' And the Manor House estate will be devofed to the creation of a hospital. ' Those are the conditions of Jasper Treverton's will.' ' As a professional man I am bound to rejoice, but as a mere human being I can't help ieeling sorry for Mrs. Treverton. She seems devoted to her husband.' ' Yes,' answered Edward, ' he has con trived to hoodwink her ; but perhaps when she Inows that John Treverton is Jack Chiccb, the ballet-dancer's husband, she will fe disenchanted.' Gerard made no reply. He began to underhand that personal malignity was the mainspring of Edward's desire to let in the light lpon John Treverton's secret. He was alnost sorry that he had lent his aid to the disjovery, yet he had ardently desired that justice should be done upon La Chicot's murde:er. It was only since his recent conversation with John Treverton that his opinioi as to the husband's guilt had begun to wa\er. He ^as haunted all the rest of the day by uncomfortable thoughts about the master of Hazelhirst Manor and his fair young wife ; thoughts so uncomfortable as to prevent his enjoynent of Celia's lively company, which had alf the charm of novelty to a man whose youth had not been brightened by girlish society, and whose way of life had been dill and hard, and laborious. He was to go lack to London next morning by the first Iran, and although the Vicar pressed him to remain, and even Celia put in a kindly word, he stuck to his intention. ' My practice is not of a kind that will bear being trifled with,' he said, when he thanked Mr. Clare for his proffered hospi tality, ' The few remunerative patients I have 'would be quick to take offence if they fancied I neglected them.' ' Bjut you give yourself a holiday some timesjl suppose,' said Mrs. Clare, whose - large jnaternal heart had a kindlyfeeling for al] young men because her son belonged to th^t section of society. ' You go to stay with your relations, now and then, don't you?', ' No, my dear Mrs. Clare, I do not ; and for the best of all reasons, I have no rela tions. I am the last twig of a withered tree.' ' Hew sad,' replied the vicar's wife. Celia echoed the sigh, and looked com passionately at the surgeon, and compassion in Celii's blue eyes was a sentiment no man cotld afford to despise. ' If jou will let me come again some day when I aave made a little progress in my profession you will be giving me something pleasant^) look forward to,' said Gerard. 'My dear fellow, we shall always be glad tp see you,' the Vicar answered, heartilj. ' It strikes me you are the kind ' of frieni my son wants.' {To be continued.) 