PAROCHIAL MISSIONS— THEIR PRESENT AND PERMANENT RESULTS: A Paper read 'by Rev. Henry A. Langley at the Clerical Meeting held at the Beanerv. 22nd Avril. 1879. Parochial missions have now for many years been recognised as part of the Church's work, and have been conducted in a vast number of parishes in England and the colonies ; indeed, the mission move ment has made its influence felt throughout the whole Anglican Church. The question, then, that I purpose to deal with is one of very great interest. Are missions an advantage or otherwise ? Does experience show us that they are likely to benefit the Church and the cause of true religion permanently ? Do they tend to maintain, strengthen, ? and settle the permanent work in parishes where they are held, or are their effects exaggerated ? Are such as are apparently real and true, ephemeral ? These are the questions which it is important to settle, so far as consideration and discussion can do so. There is some difficulty in getting at the question, from the fact that we have to judge from our individual observation ; and many efforts that have been styled missions have been wanting in all the prominent features of true mission work. The results of a mission depend, like everything else, upon conditions — conditions that are not always present. Many, judging by the failure that is properly to be traced to the want of theee, are liable to misjudge, if not to con demn, the whole movement. Now, what are these conditions ? Are there any which the consensus of Church opinion, and, above all, the opinion of the men who have been most largely engaged in this work, point out as being necessary 1 In agreement with Dr. Thorold and others who have written upon the subject, I think there are certain things absolutely necessary to the success of a mission. 1\. There should be a long and very careful preparation for the work. A month or six weeks' active preparation is considered suffi cient in some cases. The latter time may be sufficient to announce that some popular preacher is to conduct services, and to bring crowds to hear him, but is not nearly sufficient for the right pre paration for a successful mission. The preparation for the mission is the seed-time of which the eight days' effort is but the harvest. It is necessary to encourage a spirit of prayer and expectancy, to seek to influence and invite to the services, especially the careless and irreli gious, to bring the mission work to every man's house and heart in the parish. In a mission I had in my parish in Sydney forty meetings of different kinds were held in preparation for it — cottage-meetings, drawin groom-meetings, and devotional-meetings in the schoolroom. A long and careful preparation is further needed to bring the mission workers into the true spirit for such work. A mission where there are no workers lacks one great element of success. Without a due preparation the workers are not called out and fitted by a raising of their spiritual tone to undertake such duties as will then devolve upon them. The most earnest, careful, and judicious pre paration is nothing, unless the Spirit of God bless the work with His gracious Almighty presence. But, again — Is not due preparation the true way to obtain the presence of the Holy Spirit 1 He is given in answer to prayer. If a congregation can, then, only be stirred up for four or six months to pray for this object, it will generally be found that even before the direct mission work begins, God will vouch safe a blessing, and that when the time comes to hold the mission men's hearts are prepared, the blessing is secured, profound impres sion is produced, and much real good done. 2\. A good deal depends upon the suitability of the preacher. God has given divers gifts to His Church — apostles, prophets, evan gelists, pastors, teachers, &c.; Now, a man may be a most valuable parish clergyman, and yet wholly unsuited to this class of ministry. So much is this recognised in England that the Church has a body of earnest, devoted men wholly set apart for this particular work. Evangelists such as Messrs. Aiken, Haslem, Andrews, and others are devoting their whole time and energies to this kind of effort, and with signal and lasting success. As to the style of preaching best adapted to a mission, I must quote from Dr. Thorold. The work is to be done, ' not, however, by eccentric gestures, nor by quaint anecdotes, nor by extravagant statements, nor by artificial excite ment ; but by the fearlessness of his address, the ruggedness of his sentences, the vigorousness of his convictions, and, not least, by the tenderness of his appeals. ' Clear views of elementary and saving truths ; an unhesitating declaration of the necessity for a new life ; a thorough conviction of the possibility of saving the worst ; a loving spirit through all ; and a certain amount of readiness in speech, are really essential to make a mission preacher. Feeble expositions, uncertain statements, want of thoroughness in dealing with men as we find them, want of that awful earnestness that comes from a sense of standing between the living and the dead, bring failure in this work. A mission preacher should be a man full of the Holy Ghost. If he is not this, the work is not likely to be successful. 3\. The results of a mission depend, also, on the proper conduct of the work. A series of services, where a different clergyman addresses the congregation every night, may be very good for certain purposes,, but it is not a mission. The great advantage of this work, when properly conducted, is that the impressions of to-day are renewed to morrow ; and it has been found that those who stood out against the appeals made to their consciences for three days, generally yield on the fourth, so that the Thursday of a mission week is generally its most important day. Now, if a different man preaches every night, the impression is very much weakened.. Subjects are treated in a different way by each speaker. When a new man comes, people are apt to be taken with the man rather than the message ; but when they become used to the man they are generally better prepared to receive the message. The universal opinion among those who have devoted most time and thought to this subject, and have had most experience in it, points out the fact that the true plan is to h.nve one man for the work. 4\. The results of a mission depend in a great measure upon the care with which the work is fostered. Too often when the effort is passed, and the mission preacher takes his departure, the persons upon whom devolves the real charge of the parish let go the agencies and relapse into a state of lethargy. What wonder that the influence soon evaporates, and that some are ready to say in a little time, 'Nothing has been done.' After a mission anybody who has professed to receive any benefit should be sought out, nurtured, succoured, and trained. A mission was held in a parish of which I was Incumbent in Sydney where I had a special con' firmation of about thirty-five persons, a short time afterwards,, who were brought into association with me, and were brought, I believe, to God by this instrumentality. To show the character of the work, I may mention that their average age was twenty-six, years. The mission is intended to give a fresh impetus to parochial work, and will have this effect if the results are looke#d after. I have dwelt upon the essentials to a successful work, because they give the reason for so many failures in this kind of effort. I have never known — nay, never heard— of a mission in which these four conditions were fulfilled where there was not abundant cause for thanksgiving to God for a great- and good work — where there were not present and lasting results. I will, then, point out some of the results which flow from this hind of effort when conducted as general experie?ice proves to he test. 1\. An awakened spiritual interest. — Eternal things are at such a time brought very near to every man, woman, and child in a parish. Some of those who have not attended the means of grace for years come to the mission services. There is a troubling of the waters ; many an one steps down, and is healed of his disease. Some of the most satisfactory cases of conversion I have seen at missions are those of persons who had not even attended church for many years. When holding a mission at the opening of a new church in Sydney last year, one person who was brought to a new life, and who is to this day a regular communi cant, and is exemplifying in his life the power of the truth as it is in Jesus, told me he had not attended church for many years ; indeed, this was not by any means an isolated instance in that mission. This awakened interest is not] only felt by the baptised heathens who are induced at such a time to come to the house of God. Even the ordinary formal church- goer is of ten shaken out of his formalism^ and brought to see that something more is required than a mere attendance on public worship, or the formal duties in which he has been accustomed to find a certain comfort, but not spiritual life. But the effect of a mission upon the truly Christian people in a. congregation is most marked. It is to them, especially, a time of blessing. They are brought to feel a deeper interest than ever before in the condition of the careless around them, to pray for them, and to use every effort to lead them to the knowledge and experience of personal religion. They get, indeed, into personal sympathy with our Divine Lord in His wondrous compassion for the fallen, the sinful, and the lost. Nor does this compassion expend itself in sighs and tears, but manifests itself in earnest prayers, and in sustained and loving effort. Prayer becomes a reality, more real and blessed than at other times, because definite objects are sought, and thanksgivings are constantly ascending to God for prayers heard and answered, rhe quickening of the spiritual life and love of the truly earnest servants of God is no unimportant part of the work. 2\. Numbers are led to Christ. — -A great number of persons are really anxious about their soul's salvation, but they dread opening their case to anyone. Now, the mission makes this easy, and many ivho have been anxious to get spiritual counsel and advice now come ? :'orward to gain the help the mission preacher or their own pastor ;an render them. Dr. Thorold mentions from five or six in a country parish to a hundred and fifty in a town as the numbers he has iad wait on him anxious about their soul's salvation, and saying n effect — ' What must I do to be saved ?' This, of course, is the great purpose of the work. To this all tends ip ; and a mission where there are not some brought out of darkness nto light, and from serving Satan to become the followers of the Lord Fesus, fails in the real work. Of course, the genuine character of — — ? ths conversions is not shown merely by professions at the time oJ the mission, but by the after results in a life of holiness, separation from the world, and earnest effort for others. I will give byand by a few personal experiences, which will show whether these permanent results are to be found or not. This is, of course, entirely matter of experience. I will give mine ; and I am prepared to substantiate it by the testimony of the clergyman or other godly persons where the missions were held, or by effects which are so manifest as to banish doubt from any reasonable mind. 3\. Among results present and permanent must not be forgotten the effect upon the incumbent of the parish where the mission has been held, and upon the members of his family. These, of course, are more striking in country than in town, suburban, or city parishes. All 'who have executed their ministry in a country parish know how trying the isolation of the position is. There are yery few with whom the clergyman can hold spiritual intercourse. He is thus thrown back upon himself, and is apt to lose the bright ness and force of his spiritual life. God has ordained the fellowship of His people as one great means of keeping in vigour our individual religious life and feeling. Always speaking to others, the fountain from which spiritual blessing flows to a parish is apt to be exhausted, except he lives very near to God. How strengthening and refreshing is the intercourse of a man of prayer, and who daily endeavours to walk with God, to one who is thus isolated. Who, that has had any experience of this work, does not remember scenes of blessed, holy, fellowship with his brethren in Christ, when it seemed as if the Lord walked once more with His disciples, and their hearts burned within them. How it stimulates his desires and encourages his heart to see that for which he has so longed, prayed, toiled, and wept, taking place — to see the souls over whom God has placed him coming to a knowledge of Himself and His dear love; the beginning of that perfectness in Christ Jesus to which in his ordination he was charged to bring them. I have known ministers of Christ so stirred up after work of this kind in their parishes that a new era has dawned upon their ministry, and they have become, not less pastors, but more evangelists and teachers, than they were before. Encouraged by seeing results — clear and definite results— follow from the ministration of the Word, they began to seek definite results in their own ministry. Some who before a mission found great difficulty in speaking to persons about their immortal interests are found afterwards, when they have had the benefit of another's experience and example, to preach and exhort even from house to house, in the exercise of their office in pastoral visitation. 'We can only judge of results by what we have seen ; therefore, I will ask you to allow me to bring before you some personal reminiscences of the work. The Sydney Advent Mission of 1874 was the first I witnessed, when I had a mission in my parish of Balmain, conducted by a very able and earnest clergyman. I have already mentioned one circum stance of importance there — the confirmation of those brought to God at that time. To my personal knowledge, those who made pro fession then are, with a very few exceptions, standing steadfast now ; indeed, the work commenced then is going on to this hour. The same report would be received from many of the clergymen who then had missions in their parishes. The fact that some of them are anxious to renew the effort shows that experience has taught them the value of the work. In another parish where I was Incumbent, a mission was held about twelve months before my taking charge of it. There everything dated from the mission. It was a great epoch in the spiritual history of the place. Before it there was a great dearth of Sunday school teachers ; after it there were more teachers than could be supplied with classes. The number of communicants was greatly increased, and until the present, now after three years, the effects are permanent. I know of one young clergyman who was being educated for the ministry, and who felt himself so unsuited to the work that he was about to give it up, who at a mission service held by the Eev. T. R. Curwen Campbell was brought to dedicate himself to God and to the work of the church, so that now he is one of the most earnest young clergymen in Sydney. Another young man who was my catechist in Windsor, N.S.W., was also brought to God at that same mission. Indeed, time would fail me if I was to attempt to tell of individual cases. In a mission I was permitted to hold for a dear and earnest clerical brother, where the preparation was very thorough and the results were carefully looked after, over one hundred persons professed to have entered on the new life by the exercise of repentance toward God and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ. After years of watching, the clergyman tells me he does not know of any defection, except in the case of a few persons with whom he was dissatisfied at the time. In another case of a mission I was permitted to hold, when the clergyman, a very valued and faithful friend, expected some amount of failure, there were some who fell away, but even then the residuum was worth all the effort. In another parish where God permitted me to hold a mission, one of the remarkable features of the work was the immediate demand for books of family prayer. In that country parish, family prayer began in many houses where it was never known before. In this same place, also, the attendance at the Lord's Supper was doubled after the mission, and to this day the work keeps on. One instance of individual blessing I must mention. After a service during one night of the mission, a woman who came a great distance heard the message of Christ's love, and fully gave herself to God. There was a sister with whom she had been at variance for many years. No sooner was the service and after-meeting over (it was then ten p.m.) than she walked five miles to see this sister and make up her quarrel, and five miles home before she rested that night. These results were invariable when the conditions I have indicated above were fulfilled, but where they were wanting the result was not satisfactory, I had part in a series of services, misnamed a mission, in. which, there was very little previous preparation ; and, though at i the time there was apparent blessing, the permanent results showed that little real work was done. I have stated these facts because, when an instrumentality which God had used for His glory is upon its trial, it is important to have facts, not sentiments or notions, to guide us. Facts, such as those I have enumerated, all lead me to one conclusion, that the mission movement is the most important that God has through the instru mentality of His servants instituted — one He has been pleased greatly to bless, to the enlargement and strengthening of His Church and to the furtherance of His glory. But we are asked — Would it not be possible to have the same results in the ordinary prosecution of our parochial work ? Facts speak again, and show that it is not possible in our position. With a larger staff of clergymen and with a man of special gifts as an evangelist, in every parish something might be done in the same way. The parochial clergy are worked now to the utmost of their power, and unable to do very much more than they attempt at present. Further, such a sustained effort could not be kept up for any time, ? as everything would need to work at high pressure. Further, it is remarkable that the parishes where the most earnest work is carried on at ordinary periods are those where the greatest blessing follows an effort of this character. The success of a mission depends, like everything else in our work, upon the presence and blessing of God the Holy Ghosfc. But God expects us to use means ; and it is in the use of means that He ordinarily gives the .highest blessing to His people. In view of our awful personal responsibilities as ministers of Christ, in view of our ordination vows, we are bound to use every means that lies within our power to lead men to the personal knowledge of Christ. There is a great, deep necessity for this agency. It is one God has used, and will use again. Let us, then, in a true spirit of consecration to God, determine to do anything that will tend to the advancement of God's kingdom and the salvation of souls. ' The Lord is at hand ;' let us seek to make ready a people prepared for His ap pearing. Nor need we be afraid of excitement. I cannot close better than with the weighty words of the Bishop of Kochester : — ' The shallow objections to missions — that they tend to produce a transient excitement, speedily to be followed by a fatal callousness — is, perhaps, best met by the reply, that if the great bulk of people are actually fast asleep in sin or worldliness, the only chance of rousing them is by exciting them ; and that if a man's house is on fire it is not a sufficient reason against ringing his bell, or breaking his windows, that he may possibly fall asleep again and perish. 'Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in My holy mountain,' was the message of God Himself to His prophets of old. Besides, two other things may be safely asserted, one of them being that there is too little excitement among professing Christians rather than too much. If well used, wisely guided, tenderly sobered, care fully husbanded, it may be a blessed source of power. The other is, that, as a matter of fact, most mission preachers can testify from their own experience how seldom it is they see any excitement at all ; attentive, eager listening ; faces riveted on the preacher's face, as if eyes heard as well as ears ; now and then the head bowed on the knees, or buried in the hands; often much quiet weeping; often, too, faces beautiful and radiant as with the sudden gladness of a discovered Lord. These, indeed, we are familiar with. As to any thing like unnatural or artificial excitement (except a few occasional ejaculations from Wesleyan worshippers, whose hearty sympathy and earnest prayers always accompany us, and ought not to inter rupt us), I can say, for myself, I don't know what it means. No doubt there is a feeling of re-action when the mission is finished, but this is a law of human nature, and not a sin. There are feast days and fast-days in human life — summers and winters, hours of brightness and hours of gloom, in the life-discipline from our God, all carrying out for us our Heavenly Father's wise purposes, and the one necessary to the other for the entire accomplishment of His plan. Even if the Christian people, whom it has lifted up to a higher level of life and liberty than they had ever before known, have presently to descend from the Mount of Transfiguration into the dull plain below, they are but following in the footsteps of the apostles. The echo of the teaching, the tenderness of the joy, the thrill of renewed repentance, the sense of holy nearness to the Lord and to His people, must presently leave the surface of the soul to become absorbed into its general life and consciousness ; but it will still be there, only as with the joy of a long-passed conversion and the first wonder of the forgiven heart, deeper down, yet neither forgotten nor lost. No, the danger is not here. Our peril is rather in not seeing the greatness of our oppor tunity while it is still ours ; in standing by the bank while the drown ing souls float by, and not springing in to save them ; in balancing small risks against grievous losses ; and by a wretched prudence about possible failure to refuse to deserve a majestic and abiding success.' ? ? ? Ireland. — The General Synod of the ChurcJt, of Ireland met in Dublin on 22nd April, under the presidency of the Primate. The invested capital of the Church now stands at six and a half millions, producing a net income of £285,696. The contributions for the year show a falling-off of £22,000, as compared with the year preceding, which may be largely attributed to the great depression in trade, now prevalent throughout the Empire. The session continued till Friday, and the chief item of interest was the rejection of a Bill to prohibit the erection of Chancel screens in Churches. The question of the Divinity School in connection with Trinity College, was also warmly discussed, and the Bishops were requested to confer with the Board of Trinity College, and endeavour to arrange the matter on a satisfactory footing. It is a remarkable fact that Dublin University actually furnishes more clergymen to the English than to the Irish Church. The number of Dublin graduates serving in England is 1761, while the number of graduates of all Universities now in the Irish Church, only amounts to 1460. This certainly does not speak well for Disestablishment and Revision, 