Answers to Correspondents. [Correspondents are requested to put each question on a ?separate sheet of paper, in order to facilitate replies ; and also, when they use a nom deplume, to give their correct names, as evidence of good faith. We do not undertake to answer anonymous inquiries.] Etonensis. — Letters awaiting you here. Will you kindly forward your address at once ? Correspondent asks for ' some particulars of the red Peruvian bark recommended for drunkenness.' — Answer : The cbinchona tree, so named from the Countess del Cliin chon, is a native of Peru, and there are numerous species ; J)ut the C. succirubra seems to be the one referred to, and there seems to be a doubt whether the South American red Jbark is a different species from this. At any rate, the bark used is not the large thick pieces, but the ' quill ' taken from the smaller twigs. The trees should be, it is said, about 17 years old. The chinchona grows in India and Ceylon, and will, we believe, flourish in any warm, moist climate. A. A. B. says : Supposing I place £100 as a fixed deposit in a bank for 12 months at interest agreed upon, and after three or six of this 12 months has passed I find 1 am in need of my money, can I draw it out, and how ; and should X be entitled to interest on the amount according to the period the bank held my money ? — Answer : By making a fixed deposit you entered into a contract not to withdraw your money from the bank for the time specified. It is entirely at ? the discretion of the manager to allow that con iract to be varied. In practice it is usual to allow the depositor to withdraw portion of his money ; but he gene xaliy loses all interest upon it when he does so. Your only course is to make a special arrangement. W. K. (Wallenbeen).— See our agricultural columns in Ihe present issue. Beaikwobk asks when the Married Women's Belief Bill comes into force, and what it professes really to do. — Answer : The Act was assented to on the 20th March last, and came into force at once. The object of it is stated in the 2nd clause thus : ' The wages and earnings of a married Woman acquired or gained by her after the passing of this Act in any employment, occupation, or trade, in which she is engaged, or which she caries on separately from her husband, or after desertion by him, and also any money or property so acquired by her through the exercise of any literary, artistic, or scientific skill, and all investments of such wages, earnings, money, or property (and for the purposes of this Act the term 'investments' includes conversion into real estate or reconversion thereof into personalty), shall be deemed and taken to be property lield and settled to her separate use, independent of any husband to whom she may be married, and her receipts alone shall be a good discharge for such wages, earnings, anoney, and property.' So by the 3rd clause her money in the Savings Bank is her own absolutely, unless the deposits lave been made by her of money belonging to her husband and against his will. So with her building society's or other shares. She may also effect a policy of insurance on jher own life or the life of her husband. In fact, to all intents and purposes her earnings arc as much her own to deal with as if she were unmarried. But if there were any collusion as to hiding' the husband's money in this way, his creditors could recover it, notwithstanding the deposit was an the name of the wife. S. T. R. asks the following: A tank 10 feet deep, 12 feet in circumference; how many gallons will it container— Answer : We give the rule to' find the contents of a cylin drical tank, and our correspondent can work out the answer i or himself. First find the area of the base or end, by multiply ing the diameter, squared by ? 7854. Multiply the area by the teight of the tank, and the answer will be the solid con tents. If the diameter is given in inches, the answer will be in solid inches, which divide by277*274,and the result will ie tLe contents of the tank in gallons. Should the dia meter be given in feet, multiply the solid contents by 1728, to reduce to solid inches, and divide by 277*274 as before. Memo. : For every 1000 gallons of capacity nearly six cubic yards, or 162 cubic feet of tank, will be required. F. asks which is the best geography on Australasia.— Answci : Smith's Outlines is generally so considered. Apply to G. Robertson. Aquatic asks in what year did Thomas M'Grath pull Deward for the championship.— Answer : The first race was pulled on the 27tia February, 1855, and the second on ihe 18th February, 1860. Louis H. Witts says : Would you kindly inform me 'Where I could purchase all or any of the copies of the ?' Journal of Primary Education,' first published in Syd ney in August, 1871, by Mr. John Ferguson, formerly of 426, George-street? — Answer: We have made various inquiries for you without success. You should advertise for the periodical. Bushman asks : What is the fare from Sydney to Ade laide, South Australia? 1. By steamer. 2. By rail to ^Melbourne, and thence by steamer to Adelaide. 3. What is the usual time of journey by steamer ? — Answer : 1 and 3\. There is no direct steamer communication with Adelaide. You must take the boat to Melbourne ; fare, £3 to £4 10s. ; thence to Adelaide ; fare, £3 to £4. The time will depend upon your catching an Adelaide boat ready to start when you arrive in Melbourne. If there is, the whole trip can be made within a week easily. 2. Rail to North Wagga, 47s. 6d. to 66s. 9d. ; coach to Wodonga, 85 miles, 43s. 6d. ; Albury to Melbourne by rail, 31s. 6d. T. J. H. — We have inserted your query. Would it not l-e best for you to ask seme doctor? He might be able to tell you ; but we cannot find in town the work you want. X.Y.Z. asks : Can you tell me of any standard work upon Australian snakes and Australian grasses ? — Answer : Mr. Gerard Krefit has published a valuable work Australian snakes. We are not aware of any work on specially on Australian grasses, but the subject is fully treated 'in Volume 7 of 'Flora Austrab'ensis.' We believe a work has bfen published on grassesin Queensland, and think Dr. Schomburgkhas a work on South Australian glasses. Backwoodsman 6ays : I would feel^obliged if you could afford me a little information regarding the^ law (if any) relati-e to the ' damming ' of watercourses which are the property of the Crown, such as rivers, frontage to creeks, &c.; ; and if it is legal to ' dam' such frontage to water courses and to what height, &c.;, if so. — Answer : We do not profess to answer intricate legal questions, such as the above, even if it were fully stated, which it is not. The right to the free use of water in a watercourse running through or adjoining a person's land is established, provided that no injury is done to other persons : but beyond this simple rule we cannot pretend to express an opinion. It may be held that under the Act of William IV. the consent of a Government surveyor may be necessary before any dam is erected on a Crown watercourse, but the clause in the Act seems obscure. K. J. asks if a marriage contracted on Sunday is legal. — Answer : Certainly. S. Bembeick asks : If A owed B £1000, and A were to turn insolvent, and all bis property was sold, and would only bring 5s. to the £1, could B put A in gaol for the remainder ? 2. How many times can a person go insolvent ? — Answer : 1. No. 2. As often as he chooses. James Mum asks: 1. Can a member of the British House of Commons resign his seat, or must he accept an office of profit under the Crown, to get away from his stewardship 'r Did Sir Bryan O'Loghlen follow the usual method, with regard to his election for Clare, by accepting office in Victoria, Australia':' 2. What are the monetary troubles and difficulties likely to arise from the use of bronze tokens, like our present bronze currency, instead of full-valued copper coins ? ? In the event of depreciation would the holders of the present ^bronze coin suffer loss individually, or could they demand of the Government full value for every token so held by them ? 3. What explana tion can be put on Hamlet speaking these words? — ' The undiscovered country, from whose bourne No traveller returns.' When shortly before he uttered them, he had a long in terview and received information from his father's ghost — information from one returned from the ' undiscovered country' that affected the whole tenor of Hamlet's life afterwards. — Answer : 1. He must accept an office of profit under the Crown. For this purpose the 'Chiltem Hun dreds' is kept open, and applies for the office, which is tantamount to resignation. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen did not do this, but the select committee of the House of Commons have reported that by accept ing office under the Crown in Victoria, his seat was vacated. 2. None whatever ; the change of coinage has been legally made. 3. This is an old inquiry. Apply to Mr. Cyril Haviland, who is said to be an authority on spiritualism. All that appears to us is, that Shakespere was quite right. The late king of Den mark was not a traveller ; he had taken up his permanent abode in the ' undiscovered country,' and merely travelled to earth to inform his son Hamlet of the reasons for chang ing his residence. Your other question appears among our queries. E. G. G. — Your reply to the query is comic enough, but when people apply really for information they do not care for that sort of thing. Besides, don't you see that it casts a doubt on the verity of any.other information you may after wards give? J. Bates (Bathurst). — Thanks for your replies. Lachlan asks : 1. Is the word ' coley ' (a pastoral dog) spelt as 1 now spell it? 2. What is the highest ascent ever made by a balloon? 3. Is the Earl of Beacons field a convert, or was- he brought up a Christian ? — Answers : 1\. The word is spelt collie, or colly ; the one is Scotch and the other English. 2. That of Glaisher and Coxwell, at Wolverhampton, on the 5th Sept., 1868, when the aeronauts were nearly frozen to death, the temperature at five miles being 2 deg. Fah. Mr. Glaisher became unconscious, and registered no observations above 36,000 feet. Mr. Coxwell contrived to pull the valve string with his teeth, and the balloon descended, Mr. Glaisher regaining conscious ness as they neared the earth. 3. Lord Beacons field is not a convert, nor was he brought up in the Jewish faith. In his biographical sketch of his father he thus gives the history of the family : — ' My grandfather, who became an English denizen in 1748, was an Italian descendant from one of those Hebrew families whom the Inquisition forced to emigrate from the Spanish Peninsula at the end of the fifteenth century, and who found a refuce in the more tolerant territories of the Venetian Republic. His ancestors had dropped their Gothic surname on their settlement in the Terra Firma, and grateful to the God of Jacob who had sustained them through unprecedented trials and guarded them through unheard-of perils, they assumed the name of Disraeli, a name never borne before or since by any other family, in order that their race might be for ever recognised. Undisturbed and unmolested, they flourished as merchants for more than two centuries under the protection of the lion of St. Mark, which was but just, as the patron saint of the Republic was himself a child of Israel. But towards the middle of the eighteenth century, the altered circumstances of England, favourable, as it was then supposed, to com merce and religious liberty, attracted the attention of my great-grandfather to this island, and he resolved that the voungest of his two sons, Benjamin, the ' son of his right hand,' should settle in a country where the dynasty seemed at length established, through the recent failure of Prince Charles Edward, and where public opinion appeared defini tively adverse to persecution on matters of creed and con science ? Whether it were that my grandfather, on his arrival, was not encouraged by those to whom he had a right to look up, — which is often our hard case in the outset of life, — or whether he was alarmed at the unexpected consequences of Mr. Pelham's favourite disposition to his countrymen in the disgraceful repeal of the Jew Bill, which occurred a very few years after his arrival in this country, I know not ; but certainly he appears never to have cordially or intimately mixed with his conimunity. This tendency to alienation was, no doubt, subsequently encouraged by his marriage, ?wbieh took place in 17G5. My grandmother, the beautiful daughter of a f amily who had suffered much from persecution, had imbibed that dislike for her race which the vain are too apt to adopt when they find that they are born to public contempt.' When Isaac was a youth he travelled on the Continent, and returned to England a disciple of Rousseau, and at the time of his death had compiled materials for a History of English Freethinkers. Lord Beaconsfield, his son,- seemed never to have joined the Hebrew conimunity, although he is a pro nounced admirer of the race. 