republicanism: triumphant in france. The long struggle between Liberals and Conservatives in France may now be said to have terminated. Step by step the Republic hai become consolidated and the politicians of the L&a; nave increased both in numerical strength and political in fluence. The wklom and moderation displayed both by the Executive and the majority in the Chamber ol Deputies have had their reward . Not only in the cap:tal but in the provinces the public fesHng h-s sustained theTa and has s^nirri ps— manency to the Constitation. The Con servative majority in the Seaate^has all a!ong brsn an element of doubt and embarrassment, but instead of U3\n-j violent mea-surn the prudent and safe policy of waiting for tb/* action of the country has prevailed. During this month eighty-two Senators h-d to ba elr^t; 1, and as it had been confidently predicted that the balance of power in the upper chamber would be reversed, and the Home be brought into harmony with the fc,xc-t majority of the nation' the Conser vative Senators thought it well to issue a manifesto to the monicipal delegates with the view of influencing their votes. This document professed to state clearly the questions on which the elections svouH turn. It accused the Radicals of seeking to secure a majority in the Senate only iu order to prepare the way for its abolition. The spectre of Radicalism was thus in voked to terrify the timid with fears of revolutions!,)* proceedings; but the design was too obvious and the danger too visionary for such a device to succeed.. Credit was 'claimed for having resisted during three years a aeries of revolutionary innovations, but no mention was made of the measures of May 16, which were so flagrantly provocative of the worst pas sions. It was admitted that there had been disagreements between the two legis lative bodies, and the audacious statement was made that it was an abuse of words to call these disagreements conflicts. On this point M, John Lsmoinne writes in the Journal des Debats :—' The dissolu tion, then, was only a slight disagreement ! It was in a peaceful spirit and in order to avoid conflicts that the Senate voted the death of a Chamber which had only just come into being, and delivered ovep Fraice to those administrative orgies of which the disgraceful picture is now! daily -?:splaycdj)efore her, rendering the Empire itself innocent in comparison.' Throu3hout the manifesto an alarmist tone was sustained. It was assumed that every institution of the Republic was threatened either with immediate destruc tion! or slow overturning. The sketch given of the revolutionary programme included a magistracy without indepen dence, godless schools, churches without ministers, and an undisciplined army. The ! absence of verisimilitude in this outline was its flagrant weakness, and the negative utterances of the Senators while perhaps discreet were utterly with out force. They said—' We know what we mean to defend,' but did not specify anything that was in real danger. Had they- pledged themselves to a resolute maintenance oi the Constitution their appeil might have had some weight, but this was just what they left untouched ; but the event has proved their repre sentations to have been utterly futile. Telegrams pubb'shed by us on Friday show] that sixty-four out of seventy-nine Senators returned during the last few days are supporters of the present order of things. This for Republicanism is a triumph indeed. The people at large recognise the fact that a majority in the Senate opposed to the Chamber of Deputies has power to permanently jeopardize the harmonious working of the Government— that there cm be no scsure social order unless the public powers codcut on the fundamental principles of the Republic — and they have seized the opportunity of guarding against a repe tition of such divergences of opinion between the two Houses as those which some months ago threatened to provoke revolution and anarchy of the moat appalling kind. tvlrile popular attention was being fix^i upon this last great struggle for power the verification of the elections to the Chamber of Deputies continued to keep the character of the late Administration before the public This work has for a whole year occupied a considerable part of the sittings of the Chamber and has resulted in the removal of several Royalist or Imperialist deputies. The time con sumed in the investigation has been ren dered necessary by the extraordinary pro ceedings which followed the last dissolu tion, and it has not therefore been designed so much to tiy the proceedings of indi vidual members as the entire policy and conduct of M. de Brogiie's Government The punishment inflicted on the most flagrant case3 of corruption and in timidation has been intended to strike at the party as well a3 the man. Latterly some of the leaders of the Right have been dealt with in away that has exci ted profound sensation. M. de Mun, who in addition to being a young man and ardent cavalry officer is sincerely pious and an eloquent preacher, was the pet of the Clericals, but he has been found guilty of using less legitimate means to influence his election than discoursing on the ruin which awaits France unless the people go to confession and send for the Comte de Chambord. The case of M. Paul de Cassagnac occupied two days and resulted in the invalidation of his election by a large majority. His being unseated i3 a severe blow to the Bonapartist3, of which p^rty he was a prominent member ; but his unquenchable insolence, inexhaustible vivacity, irrepressible fluency, his impetu osity and violence rendered him even more conspicuous than his political parti zakship. Such excisions as these, how ever, were thrown into the shade by that of M. de Fourton. It was a novel expe rience for the Chamber to have the oppor tunity of judging the ex-Minister who more tban any other man had striven to fill it with the enemic3 of the Republic Hia arraignment was a virtual accusation against the conduct of the late electoral campaign in which he was the prime mover. It was shown that in his violent procedure he had trampled on every principle of justice and honour. His aid ha I been invoked by all the political parties who sought to overthrow the Republic, and he proved in every way suited to the purpose. Audacious, determined, and vigorous, he shrank from nothing that promised success. His subordinates learned that he; could crush them without mercy if they hesitated about obeying his dicta tion. He treated Republicans as though they were convicted ciimiuals, converted the public service into a vast electioneering agency, suppressed newspapers, tampered with the Post-Office, and kept France for months in a state of chronic agitation. He secured a friendly judicial Bench by. means of transfers and promo tions, enlisted the letter - carriers by 1 additional pay, nnnipulatcd the police, caused illegal arrests to be made, and in short carried the election by deeds of Iawles3nrss, which explain to some extent how it was that the empire gained majorities for so mauy years. The invali dation of his election is an exposure and condemnation of a Bystem which reduces representation to a farce. It illustrates the conscious strength of the Republicans and morally commits them to the employ ment of legitimate methods in future appeals to the country. As in other cases, the debate in the Chamber took a wider scope than the election itself. M. de Fourtou attempted not only to vindicate his right to his Beat but to justify his conduct during his five months' Ministry. The manner in which he did so wa3 worthy of his violent ante cedents. Not content with taunting the ; Left and attacking the present Cabinet, he declared that if he had failed in duty it was towards his own party. 'If I had done my whole duty,' he said, pointing to tbe left,! 'perhaps you would not be sittipg where you are.' The Republicans were furious at tbis supposed allusion to a coup d'etat, and for a while there was a scene of indescribable tumult. The ex Mirxster astounded his hearers by protest ing that there was never a thought of a coup d'etat, which elicited indignant ex pressions of disbelief. Assuming this to be the truth M. de Fourtou must have meant that strict duty required of him fuicher illegality and more violent mea sures. It is amoving tbat reactionists can still be so blind to the consequences of attempting to coerce a national senti ment. M. Dufaure replied with ability and eloquence to tbe attack on the Government, and almost immediately afterwards the Chamber without a formal vote invalidated M. de Fourtou's election. After the tragedy comes the burlesque. During the debate M. de Foui tou referred to Mi Gambetta's speech at Grenoble in such terms as to draw from him the excla mation 'C'est un mensonge,' Being called to order by the President he withdrew the expression 'for the Bake !of the rules ;' but on being pri vately appealed to by the friends of M. de Fourtou adhered to it. A duel was consequently arranged to clear off the insult, and as the seconds agreed that only one shot should be fired at a distance of thirty-five paces neither party was hurt,' and the whole affair had the appearance of a ridiculous comedy. M. Gambetta has the satisfaction of witness ing the triumph of hi* own party. The policy1 of which he is the chief exponent 1b being accepted eveiywhere. The most conspicuous opponent of constitutionalism ha3 been deprived of Parliamentary influence as the result of his own tactics, and nothing could be gained by exchang ing pistol-shots with him. The victory of order end constitutionalism is so complete that such sham heroics are worse than useless. ? The Belair Inebriates' Retreat. — The report of eighteen months' operations at the Belair Inebriates' Retreat, although somewhat indefinite, is encouraging. Theie have been, it is stated, forty-six ad missions, and in the majority of cases the influence for good exerted by a residence in the asylum has been very marked. The Committee, stimulated to further action; by the success of their past effortsj contemplate largely extending the usefulness of the institution by making it a home not only for habitual drunkards who hnve the means of pajing for their maintenance but also for those who are too poor to thus buy the right of admission. That this change will be beneficial in the interest* of those most immediately concerned, of the Retreat, and of the colony at large does not admit of question. Before the passing of the Act of last session and the appointment of the present Superintendent it would have been unsafe in the extreme to have widened the scope of the institution as proposed, but matters now have evidently been placed upon a much sounder and more satisfactory oasis. The inmates, although not bebarred a reason able amount of liberty, are so far under control that they cannot as aforetime wander at will away from the Retreat and vary the monotony of enforced absti nence by a bout of drinking at the nearest public-house. Of course with the exten sion of the work must come a further alteration in the modes of management. Steady employment must be found for the patients, and increased attention must be paid to curative measures. To that end more frequent medical attendance will be indispensable, and as a consequence the expenses of management will be con siderably augmented. Speaking of expente3 it may be pointed out that the financial statements pre sented at the annual meeting are very far from being artistically prepared. The way in which all branches of income and all branches of expenditure are run to gether in one account is, to say the least of it, perplexing. What is wanted is that the public should be able to Bee at a glance how the capital account, as it may be called, and the current account Btand ; how far short the legitimate income of the year falls of the requirements of current out lay, and by what means the deficiency is supplied. There are two or three of the items which palpably call for explanation, and notably that relating to the default of the collector. Tliis explanation it would be the province of the auditors in tha first place to demand, but so far as can be judged from the accounts there has been no audit. Whether the operations of the institution are enlarged or not it is imperative that an improvement should be made in this department of the work of management. WecongratulatethefoundersVjf the Retreat upon the measure of success that has attended their labours, and hope to soo the institution still further prosper unde|» their philanthropic care. ™ ^ THE CABLE NEWS - The overland telegraph line is still interrupted, but during a portion of yesterday it was sufficiently restered to allow of a few messages passing over it. The news which we publish relate to two subject only — the gigantic strikes in England and the Avoca gold robbery. With regard to the former it appears that the London Unions have determined upon lending their aid to the strikers, and in reference to the latter the intelligence brought is quite in keeping with all the proceedings in connection with the robbery. It would appear as if all attempts to bring home the consequences of the offence to those concerned in it must fail. Martin Wyberg, one of the men believed to be impli- cated in the affair, has succeeded in giving the Melbourne police the slip, and now Ellison, the discharged first officer of the Avoca and a sup- posed confederate in the removal of the sovereigns, has been set at liberty by the Bow- street Magistrate. INTERRUPTION OF THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH LINE. Lisb.— It will be teen from our weather report that over two inches of rain fell at Daly Waters on Thursday night, and that there was also a heavy thunderstorm there. Parties have started from the Daly Waters and Katharine Station*, and it is expected that communication will soon be restored. It is thought that a breakage of an insulator rather than a severance of the wire has caused the interruption. The Co&raissioKBB; of Obown L\nd9. — The Hon. T. Play ford leaves Adelaide to-day by the Victorian, which sails for Melbourne. He expecti to ta away about a month, and to make a somewhat extansive tour through Victoria, New South 'Wales, and Tasmania. Taa SiKiMi'-NO or tub Batavia. — This vessel W89 taken in tow by the tug early on Friday morning, and at once proceeded into harbour, to all appearances uninjured by grourding at Point Malcolm. She will be slipp: d and examined. Ti i Adet mtjh Um-vERSiTT. — We understand that the Snb-Committee tofreport on the tenders received for tne erection ol tbe Adelaide Uni versity buildings have Dot yet decided the successful tenderer. We believe four tenders, have been sent in. The S-tiBBTjHT IuinQRAhrs.— The whole of the feirale immigrants per the Salisbury, which rtrived on Wednesday, and who were open to ergagerrent as domestic servants, fonud situa tioi s by Friday morning. Moeb Ii «iorahts. —The Government re ceived a telegram on Thursday, January 9, from tbe Emigration Agent stating that the Trevelyan had sailed from Plymouth on the 6tb inst. for Adelaide with 354 immigrants on board. Hitcfiv Team wat.— We understand a pro liminary trip will be takei along tho Mitcham tramway to-day. A tram-car, drawn by horses, and conveying the Directors and others in terested in tbe Company, will start from the Mitcbam depot at 1 o'clock for the city. Tta Wj'trwaA.— Thu dredger has been for the ptst week on Fletcher's slip undergoing an overhaul, including repairs to the ladder buckets and machinery. BiHK''5raE/i.— The anticipation formed of the growth of Birkenbc.ul when speed y ard cheap communication with Port Adelaide was given it have rot been fully reali-t 1, doabtleis owing to tbe counter attractions by the rai'way for other parts of Lefevre's Peninsula. How ever, a few new buildings are beh-? erected theie, and a road is in courco of construction, which will provide a gcod thoroughfare for trrffic from the ferry steps to the Semaphore. Belair Inebriatix' EBxaEAT.— At the annual meeting of the friends of tbis institution, held at the Stow Memorial Lectrre Hall on Friday, an encouraging report was presented and adopted. In the discussion which took place the necessity for further support being accorded to the Betreat by the public was pointed out, in order that separate provision might be made for habitual drunkard!) sent there from Police Couris. It was generally r.dmitted that if this could be afforded the Government would ba relieved from a large expenditure in maintain ing these persons in gaols, and that the State might therefore be fairly called on to contribute to their isupport in the Betreat. Thb Latb Boating Accident.— The bodies of the four young people wbo lost their lives by the sad misadventure wbich hippaned at L&ke; Alexandrina cm Monday last have now been recovered, those of Miss Crocker and the elder Miss Yelland about a mile from the jetty at Milang. The remains of Miss Crocker are being brought to Adelaide for interment. No. 1 Adki.aidk Ruths. — Tbe men of No. 1 Adelaide Bifle Company turned out for drill on Friday evening at the Drillahed, where the first cquad was put through the turnings by Captain Scott, -who sub:equently performed tbe same kind office for another cquad m tbe Exhi bition Building. The men, wbo mustered well, showed remarkable aptitude, aud were complimented for their steadiness. Tbe company will get plenty of opprtnnitii/i for attaining proficiency, and it ouly remains for the members to ,ofcxerve punctuality ia attendance and keep up their practice at home. It has been jokiti-jly suggested that the marric I members of the company can get tbeir wivci t j drill them et home by tVe aid of tbe Mannal of Exercise!, bat a cynical bachelor remarks that perhaps they get domestic drill enough to satiuy them without introducing more. Miss Christian, R.A..M. — We are glad to n«tice by an advertisement in another column that the musical public in Adelaide are to have another opportunity of hearing this talented and popular vocalist before her return to Mel bourne. Miss Christian came over to sing at the 1 enefit given to Mr. Smythe, and now a similar compliment is to be p.iid her. The concert will take place in the Town Hall next Thursday, and as it is to 'be under the direction of Signor Giorza, and Miss Christian is to be assiited by Mrs. Smytbe and the best of the local talent, a Louse worthy of the fair beneSciaire may be an ticipated. We understand that since Miss Christian came to Adelaide with the Rev. Charles Clark about two years ago efforts have been made to induce her to revisit this city and to sing at the Tcwn Hall Organ Opening Con certs and other grand entertainments, but that she has been compelled to decline all such en gagements. Now that Miss Christian is here therefore there is all the more reason why her admirers and those who have longed to bear her should arail themselves of the rich musical treat which is sure to he provided for them. Tna Atjbtbalia*.— We have received the January number of the Australian, a periodical containing much matter of interest to colonial.'. In the present number are some excellent articles, scientific, philosophical, and enter taining. Not the least valuable is a contribu tion by the ' Vagabond,' giving a sketch of the great peaceful social revolution in connec tion -with the labour question, with which the name of Joseph Arch is so closely associated. The article is written in the 'Vagabond's' clear characteristic style, and puts in a fair light the life, labours, and worth of Arch, who by reason of his successful efforts to ameliorate the physical, mental, and spiritual condition of the labouring classes of England has been styled ' the Moses of the agricultural poor.' The Aus tralian also contains amonn other contributions on important subjects an essay upon the sneient and modern diffusion of the horse. In tho light literature department is a continuation of the story ' St. Lawrence,' by Christine Gar dishan ; a thrilling ancient Mexican romance, entitled 'The Eyes of Tlaloe,' and several eketchis. «; £ ldkbmam McAhthttr.— Under the heading of ' ChiS Cb-n' tie Methodist Journal of tVi ?week contair* the sabjo:aed paTa3_-aph- So far as we can uni'crstvid its drift it implies that the fact of Alderman McArihur beTng a leading member of the Wesleyan body gave him same »ort of additional claim to % cvvic reception at the cost of the ratepiye-s. We confess that it never occurred to us to take into account the question of the .religious denomination to which our late visitor belongs, but as it is now suf -;es;ed that this has a bearing upon the sub jet: we feel bound to give prominence to that view. la our op inio i it is not a consideration ?which outweighs the public and secular reasons we set fo-th, as explicity jind clearly as we were aWe, for objecting to the expen diture of the rates in banqueting the worthy Alderman, but of course that ia merely a milter of opinion. The paragraph, which by the way_ is eTtremely loose and mis ltad?D3 in Us statements, rnns thus: ? 'I often notice that whenever the ReyisUr has tl% ghost of a chance it gives us Wesleyans a iJJq through oar lc iJ-15 men. Should a Wcs lejan aspire to a seat in Parliament and not euccte 1 then the Rey;st°,- records its unbounded satisfaction. Bat when he succeeds ear church is accused of political combination, an accusa tion which reveals at once dense ignorance of the character cf Metaodism aid soljc thicg which looks very like iirecaac-lab'e I-rejudice. Trne to its traditions and etuuueter tbe Register came out on Wednes day morning with a most ill-natured article on Alderman McArthur, the spirit of which comes to this: — Who 13 this man that we should accord a civic reception to him ? Why not let him come and go as if he were nobody ? A couple of years ago when two members of the Corporation of Melbourne pud Adelaide a visit they were entertained by our Corporation at a banquet and driven about the city and suburbs : when the Acatr&lial; cricketers returned from playing cricket roind the world they were received by the Mayor and also had a drive around ; bat when a distinguished member of the British Hoiue 0! Commons, an alderman, and prospective Mayo? of London conies all this way to see us we nu'jt show our selves utterly indifftren!; t:- hij oZicl 1 position, and let him come and go with no more recog nition than if he were tome commercial traveller or tome Yankee vendor of cheap bcoks. According to the Bejiticv Mr. McArchur is not a profound philosopher became the Eerryite organ in Melbourne considered that bis speech at tve Young Men's Christian Association was a re'* .5on on the rtate of tbings in Victoria ; r nd the Alderman should l-i ;e received no recognition in Adelaide becajse the Mayor and Sir. Councilor Riphnel cannot agree as to who cu'jht to pay for the b^rquet and the drive, though both agree that these were necessary. Certainly to have allowed Mr. Me Arthur to come and go without any public recognition would have be jn untrue to our character as a courteous rnd hospitable people, and would have sacrificed *ur reputation ia the eyes of the world at the shiine of orr denominational prejudices.' Mb. Thovas Spcegbow.— The thousands of persocs who beard this voung gentleman, the son of the Her. C. H. Spurgeoc, p?each while in Adelaide, will be interested to hear that he arrived in Lor don early in November, and that he has since preached Iwo or three tinres in b's father's Metropolitan Tabernacle — a building that holds about 6,000 persons. By the last niail the Bev. C. H. Spurgeon wrote the following characteristic letter to the Rev. S. Mead, of this city, through whose courtesy we are enabled to publish it. The letter is dated November 2, and in it Mr. Spurgeon says, ?? . jm reached us yesterday at 3. His mother is better and quite overjoyed to see him. We are all deeply grateful tor his safe return. To yon and to all Australian friends I tender my personal gratitude for your loving treatment of my sod. We can bow never think of Australia without emotion; it teems nearer and is assuredly 'dearer. God blrw you all with the fulness oi His grace, and return unto your Iwoms a thousandfold the kindnesses which you have so abundantly lavished on my son. Your draft for £37 2s. has reached me safely. I beg you to thank all Adelaide friends. Tbe Orphanage fands need the help, and I am most gratefu1 that it comes from you. May every blesjing attend you. I keep on, bat I cannot say more A little extra work npseta me, and well it may. for the regular work is far too much. — I am, yours most heartily, C. H. Spurgeon.' Recest Cases o? Dbowsisg at Port Adb laide.— No less than four cases of drowning having occurred recently at Fort Adelaide, public attention has naturally beea drawn to the subject, for if any means can be adopted to prevent such loss of life ia the future it should mo-t certainly be taken. Captain McLean lost his life for the want of a light either on tbe Commercial Wharf or upon the Odalisk. and the master of tbe vessel would beve- brei summoned only that he sailed on the morning following the inquest, leaving the police no oppDrtunity to prosecute. Captain Harris's death was' accidental, ard perhaps nothir-; but greater caution on the part of the deceased could have averted it. Tlie boy Hodge3 lost his life whilst crab-fishing, and many entertain the belief that crab-fishing as practised by most boys at Port Adelaide is dangerous to life and should be stopped. The man Horen, who staggered over Maclaren Wharf into the stream early on Friday morniDg, January 10. acd was drowned, i« only one ef the many cases in which individuals risk their lives by walking along the wharfs while under ,tte influence of drink. It has been sujjested, as some slight protsctioa on the wharfs at night, that the proprietor 5 should pat ap movable iron posts with chains, leaving spaces for gangways. These could be '?lken down in the daytime. Thb Lath Caftaiit Harris.— A subscrli '.ion has- been set on Coot for tbe benefit of the widow and seven child en of the late Captain Harris, of the steir ?? Y.'.ikefield, who was accidentally drowned at Port Adela'de on January 7. Captain Harris was a very trust worthy and industrious man, bat he had bod several losses of late, acd consequently lias left his family bnt ill provided for. The case is one -which is really deserving ot the support of the charitable public, at'd contributio'* will L-e cheerfully received by Meurs. J. Darling & Co., Town or Port. School at Saltpr's Sphisgs.— On Friday, Mr. E. AitchisoD, J.P., waited on the Minister of Education (Hoc. T. King) to urge upon him tie necessity for providing a schoolhouse at Walter's Springs. The Inspector-General of Schools was in attendance. Mr. Aitchison said, there had been a schcol at the place for 12 yeirs, but two years back the building in which it was held was condemned and the schcolnviter taken away, and since then there had been no means of instruction afforded. Son»e farrili ~. had left- the neighbourhood in conseqaen- e, but there were now about twenty, children tr-e-e seeding education. Mr. King replied that it lind already been decided to build a srhcal at Suiter's Springs, and tenders would be called for it at once. Lbtte3-Cabbier&' Holidat.— In Melbourne and its suburbs the letter-carriers have a half toliday every Saturday, and on Saturdiy evening, January 4, they celebrated their first anniversary by a dinner, which was held at Hockin's Hotel, Elizabeth-street. The health of Mr. John Turner, Postmsster at South Yarra, the initiator of the hair-holiday movement, having been drunk, that gentleman replied in a speech, from which we make the following extraci :— ' lhe colonies of New South Wales and Tasmania bad, he was glad to say, adoDied the Saturday halt-holiday system for letter cairierj, and he confidently looked forwsrd to the time when the other colonies in the Southern Hemisphere would join in with the movement. It was in 1373 that he commenced to agitate in favour of securing tbe Saturday half-holiday sjstem for letter-carriers, bat it was not until the close of g£76 that he saw his efforts crowned with Tflft-ce«3. Several members of Parliament gave him, their assistance in the work, and praise was due to them for aiding in bringing about the great boon which they were now celebrating. He thought it was only right to inform the men that during the long fight on this holiday ques tion, he had the sympathy of Mr. Jackson, the present permanent bead of the Post-Office De partment, who frequently expressed his hope that the movement would be successful. The recent alteration in the system ef delivering suburban letters was, he believed, beneficial to the public, and at the same time it was a gain to the letter-carriers, because it enabled them to complete their first delivery a couple of honrs earlier than under the old system.' AxarAL LxsFBcnojf bt thb Maeixe Board. — Tbe Marine Board have arranged to leave Glerelg in the steamer Governor Musgrave on Wednesday, Janaary 15, to make their annual inspection. They will visit Port Victor, ELing 'ton, Cape Jaffa, Port Kobe, Rivoli Bay, and I'wt MacBonneli. Assocjatiox Matcttcj.— The matches to ba played oa the O.-al t-day are Soatb. Adelaide f. Kent, and Kensington v. North Adelaide. The Fire in King William-street.— The City Coroner (Mr. T Ward), held an enquiry at the Hotel Europe, on Friday, into the cause of the fire at Mr. Fischer's tobacconist's shop, King William-street, on Thursday after noon-. Mr. Wm., Shierlaw was chosen Fore man of the Jury. Mr. Scherk attended the enquiry on behalf of the South British Insurance Company. The Coroner said that the damage which had been done was slight, but he had deemed it advisable to hold an enquiry because of the inflammable nature of the building which contained wooden partitions, and was situated in the centre of the city. Hugo Fischer stated that he left the shop at five minutes past 1 in charge of a boy, and returned at 3 o'clock, when he found it on fire. He valued his stock at £300. It was insured for £200, and he estimated the damage at £150. He believed that the fire broke out in the south-eastern corner of the shop underneath Mr. Manning's staircase. A bag containing the sweepings of the shop was kept in the corner, and this was not emptied for a month generally. The parti tion between his shop and Mr. Manning's was composed of lath and plaster, but that separating the shop from the adjoining one was made of wood. Gustav Wenzel, the shop boy, stated that he was engaged cleaning pipes when he saw the fire break out. No customer had been in the shop between the time of Mr. Fischer's leaving and the breaking out of the fire. Threw a mat on the fire, but did not succeed in ex tinguishing it. Could not account for the origin of the fire. First saw it in the corner where the sweepings and rubbish of the shop were collected. James L. Ley, surveyor, stated that he was in the shop a few minutes before the alarm was given. There was then no sign of fire. Thomas Foale stated that Mr. Fischer rented the shop from his mother, who kept a toyshop adjoining. The divisions between the shops were inch match-boards. Other unimportant evidence having been given the Coroner summed up. He said he questioned Mr. Fischer's wisdom in leaving his shop in the care of a boy for two hours, and thought it rather a dangerous thing to allow the sweepings of the shop to remain a month before being removed. There was no direct evidence as to the origin of the fire, but he thought it not at all unlikely that it was caused through spontaneous combustion in the rubbish bag, out of which it was impossible to keep unused matches. He also thought the officers of the Corporation should take particular notice of the evidence respecting the divisions between the shops. The jury returned the following verdict, 'There is no evidence to show how the fire originated,' to which was added the following rider, ' We consider that wooden partitions for dividing shop premises in the city should be prohibited.' Port Adetaidh Corporation. — A spcaa' n?eefip« oi this Coipcration was beldon Friday n;3bt, Janap'.y 10, to appoint a Town Surveyor and to consider the subject of street-watering, lhe Mayo? and Town Clerk appeared for the first time at a Council meeting in their official robes. As a preliminary matter it was decided to call the attention of the Government to the dangerous practice of rnnniBg tracks before the engines on the Semaphore line. There were^six applicants for the post of Town Surveyor, and Mr. Thomas Parker was appointed at a salary of £250 a year. This gentleman recently came to South Australia and brought some excellent testimonials, princi pally! from Newcastle - on - Tyne, in which town ne practised as an architect, surveyor, and civil engineer, and of the Town Council of which he has been a member. He farther pro duced very high recommendations from well known professional and other gentlemen in Adelaide, and would appear to have the special ability required for Port Adelaide. Councillor Thompson initiated an informal discussion as to the Town Clerk's status as the executive officer with a less salary than the Town Surveyor, but the Council did not think it an unusual thing for a Town Clerk to be so phtced, and therefore did not move in the matter. Upon the subject of street- wateri1 1, which has latterly become an important topic on account of the dusty state of the Port, it was decided to extend the time until the 24th instant for receiving essays on the best method Tor watering the bireeti with calt wa+:r, but meanwhile to make temporal/ arrangements for laying the dust. A motion was put to call a public meeting to ask the rate payers to authorize a twopenny rate to raise £5C0 to expend upon construction works for watering tbe streets with salt water, but it was re: olved not to call one until the further essays had been considered. Govebnmhht Wobkshops.— Councillor Rann has given notice of moving the following resolu tion at the next meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation: — -'That a deputation wait upon tbe Hod. tbe Commissioner of Public Works, directing his attention to the large quantity ot land reserved at Port Adelaide for railway purposes, and re3pectfully urging that should tbe Government workshops be removed they should be erected at Port Adelaide.' CoBOMbii's Inquest at Port Adbiude. — Tbe Ciiy Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inqueit at tbe Fo.t Admiral Hotel, Port Adela'de, oa. Friday afternoon, January 10, on the body of Charles Horen, an elderly man, who was drowned that morning. Mr. Thomas Michel more was Foreman. A. E. A. Baker, apprentice of the ship Rodney, said he was on duty at out 1 o'clock that morning. S;w deceased tiying to walk near some waterces'^s on the wharf. He staggered, as though he w« very drunk. Called to him to look out or h would fall into the water. Immediately after wards he missed his footing and fell between the wharf and the ship. San? out, 'Mnn overboard,- and got underneath the wharf. Deceased was just floating, but was too far off for him to reach.. Could swiu. A policeman came to him. under the wharf, while other persons above banded them ropes Got the body in a minute and a half ap on the crossbeam of the wharf. Deceased was insensible. Sent fora doctor, but before one came means were used to restore life. Dr. Gething came and ordered the body to be taken to the Casualty Hospital. Water Police constable Deuglas, who assisted the previous witness, corroborated. John Ferry, labourer, who knew deceased as 'Corduroy Charlie,' raid he was in his company late on the previous night at the Railway Hotel, Port. He was intoxicated. Talked with him of eld times. De. -eased had a wife in the Destitute Asylum. Edward Wbfraker, stireman, identified deceased as Charles Horen. Saw him twice during the previous day, and he was not sober on either occa sicn. Robert Gething, M.D. Edin., deposed that he was called to deceased when picked up. Found hm as be thought dying. He somewhat re covered, and wrs ordered to tlie Hospitil. Applied tbe usail remedies, bat he died aboat half-past 3 that irorning. Tbera was a wound at the back of tlie heaa. Death was caused by sr.ffocat'on from drowning, the scalp wound accelerating death. Charles. Horen said he believed decersed was his father, but he rould not positrve'y identify him. sWw his father twelve months ago when he was intoxicated. His mother was in the Destitute Asylum. There had been three children, bat one was drowned. The Foreman expressed surprise that a young man who recognised his father twelve months ago could not be positive now. The witness said his father had been burnt many years ajo, bat he could not find any distinct traces upon the body. Would be willing to bu-y the body if he could be sure that deceased wm his father, but rot otherwise. The jury re «jrced a verdict of accidental death. Meetcto at Htltoji. — A meeting of the rate payers of the District of West Torrens was held at the Hilton Hotel on Friday evening, tbe object being to take into consideration the advisability of empowering the Council to effect a loan of £500 to be applied to the erection of a council chamber. Mr. Charlesworth, the Chairman of tba Council, occupied the chair. The meeting was a most disorderly one. Every Fart of the district was represented, and of course each party claimed that theirs was the most important portion, and that therefore the proposed hall should be erected in their midst. These local jealousies gave rise to great acrimony, but the most objectionable feature of the proceedings was the fact that'one or two particularly noisy individuals desired to monopolize all attention. A motion authorizing the Council to borrow £500 for the erection of the chamber at Hilton was proposed, and aiter a long dissuasion it was pointed oat by a gentle man present that the meeting wm irregular, inasmuch as the provisions of tbe District Conncils Act required that the advertsement, calling tbe meeting should have set forth the amount of interest to be paid on the money to be borrowed. Tlie motion was thereupon withdrawn and tbe meeting declared closed. A fresh meet ing was then beld. but after an hour's useless elk it ended without any thins having besn decided on. ' Adelaide PrxcH.' — To-day's Punch is an excellent number. The main cartoon, which is illcstrative of the recent University exami nations, is fell of point and humour, bat tbe likenesses of tbe examiners are not good. The letterpress this week is smart and readable. Whebb is thb Health Omcaa? — This wm a very pertinent question which fell from tbe lips of every person who was ro aufortnaaie as to have to attend the coroner's enquiry into the cause of the fire that occurred at Mr. Fischer's tobacconist's shop, held at the Hotel Europe on Friday. Tbe inqnest took place in the large hall attached to the hotel, and the stench which existed in the room was positively sickening — a fact which was plainly indicated by the frequent retirement of other than Jury men to tbe bar for the purpose of par taking of a liquid which possesses restorative properties. The Jury requested the Coroner to censure tbe landlord of the hotel for allowing such a disgraceful nuisance to exist on his premises. Mr. Ward said that he had held an inquest in the same room some months ago, when a similar complaint was made. He called the landlord's attention to the matter at the time, and he promised that steps would be taken to have the nuisance removed, but he regretted to find i that this had not been done. The land lord' admitted that there was a ' very strong smell,' and said he believed it arose from offensive matter collecting under the floor through a stoppage in. the drainage pipes. He promised to take immediate steps to effect an alteration. It certainly seems strange that snch an abominable nuisance should . be allowed to exist for months in a large room which is constantly used by the public without the Health Officer of tbe city being apprised of it. However, now that public attention has been callrd to it it is to be hoped that tbat official will make it his business tD see that the landlord of the hotel acts up to his word this time. Kexaways. — On Friday morning there was a narrow escape from a serious accident in O'Connell-slreet, North Adelaide. Shortly after the quarter to 8 o'clock tramcar had atarted^from Barton-terrace for Adelaide it was noticed that four horses attached to a wagou loaded with hay were galloping along the tramline, and threatened to overt ike and ran into the car. The latter wps crowded with passengers, who in great terror got oat as quickly as possible, thinking a collision was inevitable. This , however, was averted by soa-e men, who waved their hands and stood between the tramcar and tbe rapidly approaching horsee. This action was ? successful in turning the animtls off the line just before reaching the car, which thev had followed from Tynte- street to neir Mr. Woodcock's, the butcher. They continued their career along O'Connell-street, down Brougham road, but were eventually brought to a stand still by Mr. William Ash, who followed them until they relaxc d their speed a little, when he caught hold of the reins and stopped them. Asb, who deserve} great commendation, scarcely recfiived the thaxks of the driver. Pbobablb Ihfanticide.— Constable Miller took *o the Police Stition on Friday a box containing the body of a newly-born infant, which was found on the banks of the Torrens by a boy named Thomas Nichols, son of Thomas Nichols, of Selby- street, mason. The City Coroner will probably hold an inquest. DlETlCBBANCB AT PORT ADELAIDE. — A mob composed of seamen and immigrants ef the ship Salisbury were engaged at midnight on Thurs day, Janaary 9, in making an unusual disturb ance at Poit Adelaide. The public peace was broken by yells and howls, and when the offenders were requested to be quiet they ref used to do eo. The police then ran in two or three ringleaders, whereupon the remainder threr tened to attack the police station. Even tually, however, the water police got them* 0 go alioard, bat in coming away the officers were pelted with empty bottle* and other mimic?. Tboie b-oaght up at the Police Court were fined 4C j. each. Goodwood Public School— Mr. C. Webb the head master of the Unley new school, attended at the Baptist .schoolroom, Goodwood Park, on Thursday evening for the purpose of enrolling the names of the scholars; but although the Goodwood school, which had about 170 children on the roll, closed with the holi- days, there were very few who attended to have their names enrolled. The explanation of this is that the people of Goodwood have had the promise of a new school in their neighbour hood, and they think it would be against their interests to send their children to Unley even for a time. Thb Riplh Movhmbht.— The Saddleworth people, who have taken great ^interest in the new rifle movement, have promptly followed the Adelaide men, by enrolling under the Rifle Companies Act. The Gazette of January 9 contains an official notice of the enrolment. Accidents.— Police-trooperlJngaldJFergussoi was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Friday, January 10, snfferirg from a fracture of bis right thigh. The injury was caused by a fall from his horse. On the same day William Msgrath, a half-caste, was admitted into the same institution suffering from a fracture of the left leg sustained through a fall from a horse at the Sturt on Wednesday, Janaary 3. Bibib Christian Chubch, Gi*kviii.b. — Opening tei vices in connection with this. Church will take place to-morrow (Sunday) January 12, when the Rev. J. Thome will preach both morning and evening. On the fol lowing evening tbe same rev. gentleman will deliver his lecture on ''America and t'ae Americans.' Port PraiB Wharf Company. — The eighth ordinary general meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held on Friday, January 10. Two hundred and five shares were represented personally and by proxy. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. A dividend of 4s. 6d. per shire was declared for the half-year. Mr. R. N. Colley was appointed Auditor at the same remuneration as before. Mas Drowned at Port Adelaipb.— A mir. name urknown, was f1: owned near tlie ship Rodney, at 1 a.n?. this morning. The body was recovered on Friday by tbe police, ard now lies in the deadhouse. Information has been given to the City Coroner, who will hold an inquest. Norwood Baths.— We hear that it is con templated to establish public baths in the municipality of Norwood, and that a deputa tion will wait upon the Norwood and Kensing ton Corporation to ask their assistance in the matter. Post AnsiAiDB Rowiso Club.— A general meel'ng of the members of this dab +:3k place at tbe Ship Inn, Port Adelaide, on Friday night, January 10. Mr. John Play fair, the captain, presided, and there was a large attendance. The principal business was to decide the form the prizes won at the recent regatta should take, and it was proposed *o accept an eigh -oar:d boat. After lengthy dLcussion it was re wived +0 tike the prizes in money and apply it to the liquidation of the debt upon the present boat. Several new irembars ', were elected and some routine business was transacted, after which the gathering dispersed. Thbatrb Royal.— The performance at the theatre ou Friday evening, Janaary 10, was for the benefit of 'Little Belle Russell,' who has shown considerable ability daring the sec son in the performance of the juvenile parts she has been taking. For this reason we should have liked to have seen a better house, but consider ing all things the theatre was fairly attended. The first part of the performance consisted of the first three acts of ' Uncle Tom's Cabin' — decidedly the most enjoyable part of that arl»p tatiou — and not only did the beneficiaire perform well in the role of Eva, but the Minstrels ren dered 'In the sweet By-and-by' very nicely. At the end of the third act Miss Belle Rujsell was loudly called for, and when she wrs led forward she was presented with two baskets of Powers and a number of bouquets, for which she expressed her thanks. Hicks's Georgia Minstrels made np the bill. 