ABSTRACT OF NEWS. Adelaide. Sentember S. The IC.M.S. Assam arrived August 12, at 4h 30m. p.m., bringing Knglish letters and papers to July 4, and telegrams via Galle to July 15. The Slim with the maib for Euron* «»il«^ u» „„ August y, at 7.45 pjn. Ifce K.M.S. Tanjore'.left Galle for Australia August 21, and arrived at King George's Sound September 4. She will probably arrive at Glenclg next Monday. Tbe Orient ;s* City of London arrived August 21, having made the passage from Pij mouth in 49 daj». Measles having broken ont during the voyage the passengers were ordered into quarantine, siuce which two freah cases of measles have occurred. Tbe Orient s.s. John Elder arrived August 2s. hairiu;; made the passage from Plymouth in 41 days. Ou August 'JO Sir. Bray moved in the Assembly a motion expressing the opinion that the Estimates should be reduced by not lens than £1 u\00(), and that the Government should submit revised Estimates and a revised state ment of Ways and Means. After a short debate this was negatived on a division by a majority of five. The votes of eight members oat of fort; -six weie not represented. The House pro ceeded tbe next day with the discussion on the Budget speech, and the debate closed on August So*. The Estimates have siuce been partially considered in Committee, aud some reductions have been made. Tbe Parliament is still in session, but there are to be late aud extra sittings of the Assembly, in order that the business may be closed by the middle of October, so as to enable members to visit the Sydney Exhibition. Tbe representatives of the Orient Steam Navigation Company liare received a telegram from London stating tbat at a deputation to the Chancellor of the Exchequer the Company expressed their readiness to carry the Aus tralian mail by a fortnightly service via Naples for tbe postages. This announcement is regarded as satisfactory to South Australia, as, although a contract bas been concluded between Victoria aud the P. & O. Compauy, the terms open which South Australia shall share in the service have not yet been settled. Lady Jervois gave a fancy-dress ball at Go vemmfnt Houte, August 14, to which about 330 guests were invited. Lady Jervois was attired as Katharine of Arrsgon, and His Excellency appeared in the unilorm of a Major General of tbe army. On September 2 lite Excellency g&Te; his assent to nine Bills passed daring the present session. The Governor, with Lady Jervois and the Aide-de-Camp, will leave tor Sydney vi» Mel bourne on Monday uext, to be present at tbe opening of tbe Sydney Iuternational Exhibi tion. During His Excellency's absence tbt Chief Justice will art as Deputy-Goveruor. Sir William Jervois will return about tbjr end of the present month. - A Bill has beeu introduced into tbe Par liament aud pa&sed; by the Assembly to reduce the powtrs of the Adelaide University in the confe rring of degrees to a level with those in the otber colonies, in order that the royal lettt-rs patent may be obtained. Tbe Comniusiou appointed by the Governor to enquire into and report upon tbe liquor laws of the province have completed tbeir Uboura. They recommend that the power- of granting licences should remain in the hands of tbe Licensing Benches; that power should be given to refuse or cancel a licence at any meeting ; that the Clare Bench should be merged into that sitting in Adelaide ; that all houses should be compelled to keep reasonable accommoda tion for travellers, and to provide a book for the remarks of tbeir customers; that good bouses should not be discouraged by multi plying licences ; that strict enquiry should be mad« into the characters of applicants for licences ; that publicans selling drink to intoxi cated persons should be heavily fined, that the fact of an intoxicated pereou being found in or coming out of au inu should be pnvia facie evidence tbat be obtained drink. there; that liquors should be inspected and analyzed ; that nigbt permits should be discouraged; that publicans should be allowed to close entirely on Sundays, or to open from 1 to 'A and 3 to 9 p.m.*; that the issue of wine licences should be restricted ; and that tbe license fees for public houses should be raised. The- Commission believe tliit South Australians are less intempe rate than other Erglish-speakiog communities. The Parliamentary Site Commission have sent iu tbtir report, and they recommended tha block of ground adjoining the present Houses as the best place for the proposed new building. The resolution of tbe Directors of the P. & O. Steam Navigation Company to reduce the pas 8eDger fares on return tickets between Europe and Australia has produced general satisfaction. An extensive s≤ ti drained Crown lauds in the South-Bast was held August 14. The area offered for sale was 39,710 acres, of which 19,442-i acres were selected. The amount ob tained was £64,008 17s., being an average of £3 5s. lOd. per acre. The highest bid was £7 19«. 6d. per acre. Tbe following gentlemen have been appointed by tbe Government as a Commission to report as to tbe: best scheme for constructing an outer harbour in Gulf St. Vincent for the accommo dation of ocean steamers:— Messrs. H. O. Mais (Engineer- in-Chief ), R. Hicksan (Engineer of Harbours and Jetties), G. W. Goyder (Surveyor Geneial), O. Brown (Hydraulic Engineer), Captain Fergneeon (President of the Marine Board), Captain Howard, S.N., and lieutenant Goalen.EN. In accordance with, a resolution of the Assembly, a Commission has been appointed by the Governor to enquire into the working of the Public Works Department, consisting of the Hon. G. C. Hawker (Commissioner of Public Works), the Hon. L. Glyde, Messrs. Bower, BLP., I'urner, M.P., Peacock, HIV »nd Boss, MJ*. On tbe retirement of Mr. Samuel Tomkinson, manager of the Bank of Australasia, shortly, after thirty years' service, it is understood that he will be succeeded by Mr. F. P. G. MuGret, the present manager of the Maitland (New South Wales) branch of the same banking establishment The motion of Mr. Fraser, M.P., for opening institutes and museums on Sunday afternoons, has been carried by the House of Assembly, with a restriction confiniDg its operation to Adelaide aud Port Adelaide, except with the concurrence of the committees of: eouutry dis tricts. Petitions containing over 10,500 signa tures were pretested against the motiou. The Adelaide, Institute aud Museum were first opened on Sunday, August 24, snd ware visited by more than 600 persous. The subscribers to the Puit Adelaide Institute have to consider the alteration' of the rules before the resolution of the Hcuse can be complied with. Three of tbe female relatives of Captiin Flindi rs, the disctmrer of the coast of South Australia, who are now in distressed circum stances, have appealed to Parliament for relief. Mr. G. T. Bean hw n»de an official report upon the country at Echnnga from which diamonds have been obtained. It is a very cautioGs production, Mr. Bean recommending that a cartful search for precious stones should be made by an experienced Government party. In the Electoral Bill which is now before Parliament tbe Legislative Council hM inserted a clause providing tbat candidates for election to the Legislature shall deposit a sum of money, which f ball be forfeited unless they poll vote* equal to one-fifth of those gained by the success ful candidate lowest on the poll. This has yet to be considered by the Legislative Council. The Legislative Council have rejected a Bill, introduced by Mr. Hay, to reform tbe con stitution of that Chamber by establishing the nominee system. The House of Asiembly bat tuider considera tion a motion by Mr. itet-s for the immediate establishment of free education and the aboli tion of the system o! payment by results. It is opposed by the Government. Two single men named Ernest Neville &nd; Jolin Adanison, who were in partnership m fisbf rmen and nursery gardeners, committed suicide by hanging- tbemselvfs at Gawler, September 2, under tbe pressure of pecuniary difficulties. A tender has been accepted for the earthworks of the second private railway to Gleue'g. A new weekly paper has been issued entitled The Record and South Australian Catholic Standard. ' - . The foundation-stone of a Roman Catbo'ie Prrtby tery was kid at Port Adelaide on Sunday, August ;i0, by the Vicar-General (Kev. P. Byrne). It will be in the Gothic style. Tbe ceiitract cost will be £1490. ? An. extensive robbery of jewellery having tak.n place at Mr. C. H»l imam's premises, Hitdley-street, July 23, the good* have recently bete recovered. The thitves, named Knight and Williams, -were arrested iu Melbourne, and fcave been committed hue for trial at the Supreme Conrt. A new edition of 'The Magistrates' Gmue has heen compiled by Mewre. J. B. Sheridan a;)d J. W. Bakewell. M.A., solicitors of Ade 1»M-\ atd published at the Govenunent Pnatin* Offiie. ,t. , Mr. B. Cararou has patented a multiple or fem-furrow plough, which oa trial bas been fou'_d to work .satnfactoriiy. Ad fcloriyical knewu as jUgless Jack was foutd gtii Ity of n.v..rd.rirg acothi r black n-»n, *nd sentenced to death. Johatna Sullivan, itanestw jemnt, a^d twenty-three years, toand . pilty by the Su; rem* Court d murdering her lllegltl rraic kJ»it, wis also M-ufcmct-d to -!«th. The Gove*LOr in Executive Council has .a botij case-s ccrr.n.utr.1 th^scutu.rt ta fourteen year. At a public n«-et;r.s i.di in ^t To-vu EUli, \r,~,JE,» j.a % motion «' unanimously carrieu co^tnWtcrv of the Govert.rjent _ putting *5GCCOoa !!;-? E-'.::rite? far unxigration pur poses dcricg He eristic^ Siii^cii! j«r ea Jing June, l*$o. Tte Government have resolved upon iin rcitirs £25,tC0 in sHrtr to supersede tbt worn and dt faced coin cow ia clrcditias. Tbe Aurora Australia ru visible at Nilmtf July 24. Tbo Catholics of Gawler cootompUte build ing another church there. A b&ziar; ia aid of the building fund waa accordingly opened In the Gawler Institute Hall, Augnit 21, which realized in three days £250. The South Australian Acclimatization Society has imported from Tasmania 2,000 mlmou ova, packed ia ice and moss, a considerable number of which have hatched and appear to be in* healthy condition. A sperm whale, about sixty or seventy feet lose, has been seen iu Wool Bay, St. Vinoeat'* Gulf, Dear the shore. isbearicg bas commenced in the North-Kaat, and will shortly become gQuenl,at the northern runs. , Tbe weather bas in general been favourable, and tbe wheat crops Took healtby aud pro mising. September 1 was observed as a gals, day by the operative clones in celebration of tbe esta blishment of the system of eight hours' ltboar. The South Australian Poultry Society's Annual Show was held in the Exhibition Baild i»g,Augnst20,30. The display of birds was large and good, but the attendance wai not so cr-:»t &s; Wad Weu anticipated. Tbe fonudation-stone of a new Institute was laid at Tanuudt, August 29, by Mr*, vou Bertouch. An important discovery of silver ore m aaid to have been made at Kanetroo Island by a man named Barker. Tbe Anglican Bishop of Adelaide and Arch deacon Dove are on a missionary tour in the North. ' A fire broke out in one of the offices of the Exchange, September 2, by which damage to tbe extent of about £500 was produoed. A fir* occurred August 29. at the ironmongery store of Mr. Joseph Anderson, Mount Gambier, by which abeut £1,000 worth of property was des troyed. A fire broke out on the premises of Mr. H. D. Mengerson, of Lobethal, August 21, by which property to the estimated value of £1.700 was destroyed. A fire orenrred at tha business premises of Messrs. M. J. Solomon and Oo., Palmerston, Northern Territory, by which several hundred pounds' worth of goods wue destroyed. A series of meetings and entertainments were held during the last week of August in connec tion with tbe opening of premises in Gawler pl»ce by the Young Men's OhriitUn Association. The Board appointed to enquire into tbe case of George Plumridge, who charged the police with unnecessarily harsh conduct in arresting him and searching his bouse oa a charge of which he was afterwards proved innocent, report that tbe action of the police was both le^al and justifiable, acd that they did not show auy harthncts. ' - The amusements of the month have included dramatic performances at the Theatre .Royal, with Mr». G. B. W. Lewis and Mr. J. J. Wallace in the leading characters ; an exhibition of ghosts and Kt- ectral illusions in White's. Boom, by Mr. D'Arcy Read; a series of Saturday evening popular entertainment* iu Gouger gtreet Academy; a series of popular concerts iu tbe Town Hal), under the auspices of the Mayor aud the City Oooucil ; a diorama illus trative of the American Civil War from a Con federate point of view, bus been exhibited in White's Koom. Lyster's Eugliih aud Italian ' Opera Compunjr will open a Reason of thirty-six nights at tbe Theatre Koyal September 16, with Madame Kose Hereee aud Signora Antouietta Liuk as prime donne absolute. Ttere have been during the mail month 10 txtracolonial arrivals at aud 7 departures from Port Adelaide. Tbe Port Adelaide inter colonial arrivals and departures have been 44 aud S3 respectively during the same period. There have- beeu 19 insolvencies and 30 assignments during tbe mail month. / The value of the imports at Port Adelaide during the 35 weeks ended' August 30 was £2,776,011 and of the exports £1,554,111. The Customs receipts from the commence went of the prf-scut year to August 30 (outporti included) were £3S1,1O3 In. lid. The value of cereal rxportii during the 35 weeks ended August SO was £1,340. 859 15s. Od. The immigration at Port Adelaido'to Angust 30 was 0,016 : emigration, 5.010. Kej;if.t--r«i births during the fimt sevtu months of 1879, 5.7S7.; ditto of deutli*. 2,208. The population of tte colouy on July 1 was estimated by theBegistra/.fjeneriil at 255.148. The staple export* of the colony to August 30 amounted to £1,975.832. The railway receipts on all tbe Gow-ument . lings during the 34 wtcks ended August 23 were, for pasnengtr traffic, £77,782 ; gosds traffic-, £1 29,170 ; wharfage, £2,805 ; total, £-'09,347. Tbe total quantity of land sold this year to end of Jnly for cash wus 4,941 acre*, yielding ££3,004 4s. (exclutire of improvements and of purchases ol bud previously held on credit). The total quantity sold on deferred payments was 254 .(SO acres, at an aggregate amount of £S30,783 fi». Our obituary notices have included the follow ing:— Mr. George Martens, an old colonitt, died at Glauville August 7, aged 77 yean. He baa left btrbiud him a widow, six cliildrou and thirty-three grandchildren. Mr. John Brown died August 17, need 78 years. He arrived here as early as Kovember, 163(1, in tbe Africtine, as tbe first Immigration Agent, and for many years he took au active part iu pnblio affairs, especially in the protest against State aid to religion. Mr. IJrown also filled several positions of importance cosupcted with private Corapsniw, was a member of the first Oiry Council, for several years Editor of the Adelaide Timu, and ' more recently the Manager of tbe Adelaide Life Assurance aud Guarantee Com|-auy, which posi tion he filled from the establishment of the Company to January lsst. He was very gene rally known and much respected. Christian Gade, a veteran who served in the arm? under Blucber, at Waterloo, died August 17, »-?ed eighty-two years. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bell died at Hntnley Bridge, the former on the 22ni and the latter on the 2 1st of Jnly ; both of bronchitis. Mr. Bell arrived in tbe colony from Tasmania iu 13S7, and entered into businefs as builder and undertaker; sub sequently he carried on farming at the Start, and during tbe last ten years Jived in retire ment. Mr. David Sutherland died at MigUl August SO, 1677. He arrived in the colony ia 1S40, and identified himself mii't i»« it-WH.ts in various ways. He wu early appointed on the committee f one id to oppose State aid to religion, and iu subsequent years was a member of the Hop pital Bonrd, the Immigration Beard, the Ciutnl Hosd Board, the Brighton, District Conucil, the South Australian Agricultural Society, ted fur given or eigbt years was a ptmUr of tbe House of Asiembly. Mr. Thomas PhUiptou, Hou. Treasurer to the Children'* Hospital and Young Man's ChristiMi Afso.-istiou, died September 9, after a short il!ne*», rged 48. Be w«s formerly a banker in London acd North Shields. Mr. Bcnjsmlu Gray, J.P, died at BlskUton, near Mount , Barker, September 3, from the cffwti of an accident mittaiocd August 27 by falling into a vat of boiling w«.t*r. He arrived in the oolouy ia 1689, and had resided at Bl ikistoa thirty eight years. ? 