A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. CHAPTER LXIII.— (Continued.) BY HKS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWOEXH, Author o£ "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," " Self-Made," &o;,, &o.; They were singing to her accompaniment an evening hymn, with the mudic from Hoydn. Wot glided up to tho group, and added her fine sop.auo voice lo tneni, completing the quartette. They fp'eut a long evening with sacred music, and then separated und lottred. , Tho first cieaturea awuke in that ca?tle tho next morning were Nut's bubion. And their first waking thought, after they bad recovored from their astonishment at find ing themselves in v strange bed, and had recollected bow they came mere, was,—their cat. Sho was coiled up comfortably asleep on tho foot of their bid, where she had been placed by thu tuitutul Nelly, who had re ceived her lute ut night Jrom the hands ot Mofes, the groom, wbo had brought her from the Budo'-NebG cottage. Tbo children now wanted nothing to complete their happiness. They hud the freedom of the catiUc und tbo cuurt-yutd, and, in the euro of Nelly Lucy, they wuudeitd about at will, ail over tho place, surprieod and dflighltd anew at every novelty, and pleased with thoir pretty young* nuieemuid, whoso position aB a; ser vant they: began to understand, and.whom they >warned that they hoped she would not " wun away as poor 'lit did." Alter luueboon that day Lord Beaudevere and Miss Despardo took leave of their friends und wont home to Uloudland. ? CHAPTJEB LiSIV. ? '.. . ~'',, BBEAM OB VISION. Nkt and Aiielte mere loft with only each other and the two children for company; end if they could not be called absolutely beppy they were ait least very peaceful and COUttUttd. /.?.'.,??? On the third day of her aojaurn at the c&aile; Nat received a thott note from Antoinette Deloruiuo,.taying that ?he Wua no atlu to rido or walk out, and ?carctly able to sitather writing-table long ?nough to write .that.note, and imploring Net to come to htr, "even, if she hud to bring the children with; her. If Nα then could have divided heieelf between Arieile and' Antoinette, ahe would h?ve done to. .;. She could not bear to refuse Antoinette, and uhe could nob bear to leave Azielle at this juncture. '???;. ? Bke wrote v moat affectionate noto to her couain, UlliUK her of the state of afiaii? at Cshtle ilumjuie, aud piomising her that she would h,e(j"<jui lor, Dolor Bine I'iik immediately Mter Gliribtniu?. , laiattj'Nui was Becretly looking forward to the rbiuiu of Vuldiuuc Deeparde, aud hie lull rcounciliauou with Lidy Arlello, . , tiuch a liuppy conaumniaiiun tor theyoung lbvua-'.would-'net. tiur; ?o mueii at ease ou ber youug friend's account that ehe woula feel qullu free to leave her. tbo tried to eouud Ariello upon the lubjeoi. . . ? : , " Wβ h*ve not heutd anything from Clpud lt?d Binca BittuQtvtru und Vivieiine left u>. But 1 suppose >we üball hear fiom (hbcita soon.us Mr. Dtbpariie utnvte," ehu Mid. .. : "I do not : know why they ehouUl anuouiicQ hia arrival to us," replied Lady AricUe, ooldly, though with v slight treinour iv her voice. ." .';., " lieuaiuiO ho is coming; to" vindicate him solf, ivy dear," replied -Wet, gently ; " and; indeed, lio needs to yiudieato hiuibolf to you more tiiun anyuuo else ulive." ??? . . :' ? " I do not with' to hear his vindication; We alrtady know what it will amount to. Hβ' fell iuto low compauy; ho woa entrappod into umrrviiig v low gul; hia wife aiid cuild 'havo perished .' by yellow iover iv. Now Orlcaun; ho duvoted himnelf to the caro of tho buiiertia until, the l'eign of tho plaguu was over; and now;'lie uoiucs buck v iroe man to viiidieato hid churuoter. What eort of a vindication ia thiu'f - X'waht none o£ it!" ".Oh, ivy dtar Ariello 1 lemtmbei: how ho loved you, notwithstoudiug-ull, and try to forgive him," pleaded Net. '? I ifo furgivo him 1 Imiisl forgivo him, or never expect to bo forgiven myoolf. But 1 cannot—caniiot reetivo him on the old cunditiuna uguiii. I could puss over ahnoat aiiy other fault in a iniiii tut this one thai ho hah committed! Hβ allowed himself to bedruwuawuy irom uio by uuother woman. I ciuiuut condone U?at olTcnce—no I oaniiot! I caniiot! It has opined a great gull between our bouls, wiuer than that which separated Xliveu from Luzarub!" suid Arielle, pttsuiouattly, whilo her dtlioato frame'shook uudtr the btorm of finotion arousod Tuytho theme. ?..'???''? ( "I Jo bolievp that you could more easily icrgivo jour lovir jtor , murdering , another man than for loving another woman 1" exclaiuiodNet. ?--"? ? ':-/ ' .'.' :! ' ; !'l— do—bditvo—l—could," answered AritUe, d?UbeiatBly, '... : . ' '. " Perhaps he never (did either love or marry, another (.woman. W? have not*' his word lor it that be did. W? have only the detective's report; and they fall'upon false clues with masterly ingenuity. Mr. Desparde sajir nothing but tbis—that ho U coming home to vindicate himself from all reproach. Wo should at least give him ihe opportunity, ;and not prejudge him," peuilted Net.: ????': .'?'?' B*7. ?? no' more I .1 cwanot ; bear the subjeot, Neb ;but tell mc, dear girl, do you oiled hear Iro'm Mr. Fleming ?'"' inquired 'Lady Ariello, not maliciously at all—-because ?Ue had not the slightest suspicion' that .Adrian' Fleming had.deaerted his wife—-but only to change the subject. ? ?'? -ANet flushed to her temples, and answered, evasively ;??'?. f: ! A,v.--. ?'? "SftNcit torf a month. When fl heard flaatj'. hewasin America, and was about, to'Btart for .the, wild? of the West to hunt the buff.io.'vy.AAfvf'^..:.: X. Net dio\not dud, that even', for-tbis" infor mation: she was indebted to the ''Personal" coluuin;-of a-DovonsUite paper; ttit ? bad accidentally fallen into her hands. .How Not loathed the part she bad to play to shield her recreant husband from reproach I Had it been only herself who was to,suffer, she would have, told the whole story of her baplesiiniarilage, irath'er than have appeared ia.false colours and lived a lie I A Arielle perceived that this subject painod her frltnd ns iiiuoli as; the other one had pained herself, and she therefore refrained from pursuing it; thinking, perhaps, that' Net felt .the,. continued absence of ber husband as a humiliating neglect of herself, and tbinklog no worse tuuntuat. AV'Wbll, never" mind I Lot m leave bffl talking of the nion! Tho themo is a most unprofitable quo ! Let us talk of women ! What is the matter with ? Antoinette Deioraihe?" sho ? .'? inquired j-v -with much interest. ?'"??.??.: '.' A hereditary delioaoy off constitution that shortened tbo lives of all 'their fore-; inbthera for many generations past. Each ono hasdiedyounger than the mother who bore hor, ; and poor Antoinette, who thinks that she, is, dying, is ..several' yoars younger than her own mother was when the passed away. lain very serry for Antoinette. . Her position is truly pitiable, hor fate almost tragi cal. Ttiiuk ot it! Not yet nineteen years old —youthful, beautiful, wealthy, accomplished, and ambitious. So ambitious I She declared she would not marry anyouo under tho rank of a duke, you know. Andnow to bo dying, alone in that retnuto country house, with no ouo near ber but nurses and servants i It in too sorrowful.' I must go to her immediately aitor Christmas," Eaid Not. . Lady Ariello would have expostulated, but she felt that, however unwilling nbo might feel to part with Net, she could not conscientiously object to havo her to go tp hor dying cousin. ? . " Why—iv caso of Antoinette Deloraine's dying unmarried— f/i/ir aro tbo heiress of Dcloiaine P.trk, are you ;not ?'' suddenly inquired Lady ArieUe.a? if tbe thought hud just occurred to her. ' "Yes, but don't let us discuss that, please; the thought isreally and truly too distressing to mo," sighed Net, turning away ber head.- ? " i'oo distressing to you, is it, my unselfiab darling, to reiuouiber that you; are tho heiress of Deloraiuo Park? It will not bo too distressing to Sir Adrian and Lady ileiniug, tako my word for it I But there,/ I will say no more about it. I suppose you must go lo Antoinette after Christmas,'' '. ' "Or earlier if shoishould.got -wdrab. I wroto und told her that." A few days aitor thia conversation Arielle received a note from her guardian, telling her that tho Colorado steamship, from Now York to Southampton, had arrived, bringing Mr. Vuldiiuir Despardo, who bad that morn ing telegraphed to his uuelo to send a. dog cart to meet hiiu at the, Miston station at seven o'clock tho next morning. The noto, ended in theso words: " But I shall not sond anybody, my dear. I shall go myself to meet my dear boy. And if ho cau vindicate liimself to my satisfaction,' as I hope and beliovo that bo can, I will bring him to your ioet without delay. If ho cannot—und it may bo possible that ho: ormuot—l will not permit him to approaoh you." '''??.? .'';-., Ariello read this noto to Net, and then asked her: " What do you think of it f" ' "I .think, as tho baron does,' J that Mr. Despardo will bo able to. vindicate himsolf fully. And in that caso ho will soon bo at your loot, doarest," confidently replied Net. Arielle's dolicato faoe Hushed to tho edges of her hair. , . A ' , "I hope they will make no mistake about what. I shall consider a full vindication. If he bad deserted mc for another womnn no excuse that ho could make would vindicate liiot in my eyes. I could never, never con done that oflenco. I might, forgive it—nay, I must forgive it—but 1 can never, never condone it t" she exolaimed. ? . ? " Uush, my darling ] Dj not exoita your self prematurely. I do not believe one word' about that other -woman. - But, thank heaven, your suspense, thia trying suspense, will eodu be over I" " Yes. Vuluimir?tarts from Southampton this morning, and by travelling day nnd. night will reach Miston Station to-morrow at seven in the morniug. Tae b.iron will' meet, aim there/ bear bis explanation as they drive borne toCioudland, and if thnt explaua-. tion shall sati'sly bim' bo will brint; the wanderer here In the afternoon. To-morrow afternoon! Oh,, how nearl Ah! I hope, 1 pruy that there bus been, no other woman la kirn case 1 Bat, ub 1 what ia the use bf such a hope .or prayer in'regard to*& past event* which is fixed past hoping for or pray ing lor 1" All tbo rest of that day Not noticed that L*dy Ariello' was "'very-.restless and'cduld ?eitie heriolf to no- occupation. ' " , . ? leaving her friend to retire, she said: ??'?'? '?loui going'to bed, Net, because I do 'not kuoiv what else to do, as it is' bod-time; '..ofut 1 know 1 ahull not sleep. Oh, Not! is it. not liumlliatiag tv feel this interest iv v ?uiin who otlered mc the greatest affront ,n ?dbuiau could - potsibly recune?" exclaimed Ln.iy Ark 11';, iv a tUtue of sell-acora.' " Or who seemed to havo oliored you this aliiout. Appearances aro deceitful.' You must wait tor his explanat'on," replied Net. ? ?? I shall lio awako and think of him— think of JiiiU on tbo railway train speeding uurlbn'uid through tho uarkuess of the night. Ho will bo travelling all night; bo will bo at Mistou" ut seven o'clock to-morrow morning; bo will bo ut Cloudiaud at half past nine, and—if ull should bB right in his explanation to Lord. Buaudoveio—tboy will be here by twelve I Ob, Net, - wiiat a thought! What is tho hour now, doar .Net'r .XI never oarry a- watoh; look at vouxs." " "It wants about two minutes of ton, answered btr friend, alter consulting the little tiiuu-peioo that huug ut her girdle. " Fuurieeu bums yet to wait! CJU, lf-I could only sieep buveu of them uway! 1 uiight boar tbe rest! Ah ! it is degrading to cure so much about tub uiun! Uut it m unly in tbo bopo that tho-report of the detectivesuiny have been a false one.' If it wus tnio, 1 will-never oondono tbo offenoo! Never!" ? ? . tie, with her soul torn between love and wrath, Lady Ariello retired. ? ?' ?? : Net went to ber own apartments, stole ou tiptoes into the nursery to look at tho sloop; ing children 'and assure terssli that tbo were safe and well, and offered up her; private dovotions and went to bed. Net also .lay lprig. awako, thinking bf hor friend, hoping and praying that, Valdimir Despordo's explanation of bis most extra ordinary and apparently most unpardonable oonduot '.might provo satisfactory to. Lady Arielle, and tliat a fujl reconciliation and re-* union might mako the lovers happy. A ? A The'- littlo, olook on; the mantlepieoq bid struck twelve before Net fell asleep. Tlien sho; slopt soundly for Boveral hours, and dreamed, a painful but confused dream abbut'Kit, of whichshe couldniakb nothing at all coherent'; y-. ; "'"'' :x\X ; She was aroused from hor sleep at last by a hurried Tapping- atberchamber door. Slio started up, only half awako, exclaim ing confusedly;: ,>' Well?.'.; v ? s! ?.;'?? Who is it! What isthe matter. F"A.f ' ?'??.'.:.?'? ~" It is"l,'''Netl '6pen : tie door, dear!'' answered tbo . f tibmblmg ~ voice of Lady Ariello. A-"' 'A.A"'-' ' :x 'Net, much surprised, sprang out of bed and openb& tho door in a second. Pale as marble,;in tho' early winter morn ingflight, cold and shivering, Lady Ariolle stood thero in her wbito night- dress. ? "My dear! What is tho matter f' exclaimed Net, in consternation. "Lot ine get into bed with you, Not. I— I—l've seen—l've-Been—"began tho girl, but her voico died awuy in her gkaking frame and chattering'teoth. Net hurriedly turned down the warm bed olothes and led her shuddering friend up to it. ?' /?? ;? - :A' Arielle threw herself in and drew the covering up over her head, and lay there shaking ob with a hard ague. Net ba?tily drew on her warm dressing gown and slippers, and then bent over the shuddering form that had taken possession of her bed. " Arielle, dearest, what is it f A chill or a "fright ?. Shall I call up the housekeeper?" ; "Obi no, no! .It is not a chilli ' Call no one. . Get into bed again I It is not near time to rise 1 You'll take cold {""muttered the girl, in smothered tones, as she shivered and shook under the cover. A " But, Arielle, you need; assistance. Lst me—";. ?"; "No, no,'nbl It is the shock I The fright! Come to bed I I'll tell you I" Net went and looked the chamber-door and then got into bed and lay down beside tbe shaking girl, who at once clasped her olosely like a frightened child. " Now* when you are sufficiently composed, you will tell mc what has ul?'?ied you," said Net, in a ooothmg tone. But:Arielle continued io shiver and tiling to her friind in silence for v few moments longer; :theu aho said : ''? On, Net, you .remember, after grand* mamma left us 1 told you that I .saw ber sitting in her chnir in my room." "Yes, dear, I remember you told mo so," replied tbo littlo woman; forbearing, however, to utter her thought that it was only adelusionof tho imagination, ''Well, Net, I was not afraid of her;, no, nor of grandpapa: either, for I saw him ulbo, Net, though I never told you so. I would uot toll you because I thought you would only sinilo at mo, as you did when I told you of my seeing grandmamma." ~ ..'" My dear; X thought you wero the subject of somo, haliuoinatiou of your senses; tho result' of your weakonednervous Bystom,"! answered Net, gently. ?" I kno w you did. And indeed my weak ness mado mo rnoro susceptible tounprossious i'rom tho spirit world; but, Not, tboy wero real invpiessionts. I did see my granduiother Bitting, in ber own urm-ehair in my room,- within ft wbek; after her departure, and I did see uiy gruudi'uther sitting ut bis atudy tablo when I opened thb door one day. " Did you dddre&s; cither of tlicra ?"..?? . ? " No, for though I was uot afraid of them, I was so startled byf/thoir apparitions, and then they disappeared-." "But you have' -not scon either of them latoiy ?"'??;? ". .-' ~ ".No, it was,'shortly after grandmamma departed that I saw her several times; ? but neverai'ter tbo fust few weeks. I havo seen' grandpapa but once." " Tnen it was not tho' apparition of oither of theso that frightened.youf" ventured Net. ;";?:; ?'?". -. "Oh, no! oh, no! I should not have been afraid of tlicm! They looked so natural 1 23ut this otw—Oh-h-h!" shuddered Ariello, olingiug to Net. "roll mc nil about it and you will feel better;. I daroauy it was a nightmare dream," said Not, reassuringly. '?'A dream! How could it havo boon a dream, when I never slept for ono instant 'i And as for tbo nightmaro, I never had it hi my life." . . "What was it then, my darling?"' ?"I am going to tell you. I havo not been asleep to-night.. I did not oven dozo. I was ao wido awake*.? Tho room was so dark that towards morning, when tho ainouldoriug bro on the hearth went entirely out, I couldsee tho iirstfurat approach of day between thofolds of tho curtains and tho slats of tho abutters. I waa watching that faint, iucreasing light, md saying to myself that— he —Valdimir— bad just übout reachod Miston Junction, aiid while twos so watching, I beard tbo clock strike Hoycn. Then; feeling very tired, I ulO?od my eyes and—" . '? A ? " Fell asleep," added Net. . '?'"No,; I did not!; I fell into, a quiot, jpnsc'ious, restful' slate that seemed better than sleep:.' I ? lay enjoying this benign repose for some moments—l know not how long—when—-oh, Net!" suddenly oxoluiuicd tho young lady, covering her. eyes with hor hands, as if to shut out somo te'rriblo vision that memory bad conjured up visibly boioro them. .-. ?'-.?'?..'. ? A ' "Go odj my dear," said her companion in a low voice.. ? . . "Oh, Net 1-withmy eyes closed, with every sense olosed in perfect rest, as I lay thcrel became aware—in some mysterious, occult manner, wbiob was not throiighuight or bearing, or any matoriul say 1 betianie aware of some presence at my bed side. Tnis awed mo into a deeper quietude, avon I seemed to hear; not' through, my bodily cars, but through my spirit-, deep breathing over mc. It laid nlo under a ucatii-litte spell. Soon, out of this breath-, iug issued sighs, Honor thun tbo softest notes of tho Eoiiuu bal-p, bearing theso ? woida: ' See rue. ile slew mayor scitdinj. the letter that saved you!' ,'X'heu —obi quail I ever get over it?—then, out of tho deOp darkness loomed upon my sealed eigne the shadowy form of a tall woman,-domed in long, black raiments. Spell-bound with awe, I could not uiovo,or speak, or breathe, while tbo Bbudowy, black robed form grew out into moro duuiuot outlines —a clear cut, murble-wuito taoe, with firo-bright, a-iuro eyes, and a long, cloudy veil of pallid, goidou-hued hair, i bad no, power to maw my guje, my. mental sight, from that wiu-oic-ivniio luce,.those nfie-bnght eyes, uutil 1 reco?u?sed..Kit Kent Tnea l-[ soreamed, uud.the vision vuniahodl" CHAPTER LXV. . MVSTEIUE3. As Ariello finished her strango reoltal, sho dung to her friend and shook ugaiu as with, uu oguo fit. ' , Not was much amazed, not so muoh by tuo vision itself, which she explained montaUy upon natural gronnde, ashy the efleet it had >had c-a Arielle. f : -'AA''' : ' ?''f A- ' 'AAA ? " Well, my dear, what happened next!-" aho inquired, thinking it best to encourage tbo terrified girl to talk and get the wholo subject off her mind. _" Oh, then, Net, as soon as tho awful vision vanished, I recovered my powers of motion; I started up, sprang out of bed and ran to you. That is all. 1 feol A bettcr now, sinoo I havo told you. Oh, Net, what do you think of it ?" pitooualy inquired the trembling girl. Net Fleming did not "answer for somo moments, but then sho said, depreoatiugly: '? Don't you see, my dear, that this was only a dream r" While you wero lying there so quietly, so festtully, as you describe youis'elf to havo been, you unconsciously dropped asleep, though perhaps only for a moment, and dreamed all this." " No, no, no, 1 did not, Net! Oh, Net! how very, vary hard you are to convince. But perhaps you have never in your, life seen v supernatural form or heard a super natural voice P" "No," replied tho sound-bodied and sound-minded little woman, "I never have." ".Well, .then, of course, it- is no uso talking to you 1 I might as Well-talk of light to a person born stone blind, or of music to ono born< stone deaf 1 I don't blame you for your incredulity, Net." "No, nor do I blame you for-;,your ?illusions, dear,"-smiled Not. ?The mantel clooke.tvuok eight. Net slipped out of bed and unlockod tho chamber-door and rang her boll, and then returned to bed, for the room was very cold. Nelly Lacy came in and mado the tiro. And tbo next minute the two children bunt open the nursery-door and ran in, iv their night-gowns, and climbed up into littlo mamtnam's bed, all unconscious that sho had a companion.. " They are enough to put all the ghosts of Gehenna, to ibghlj; are they not?" laughed Not, as she returned their caresses. "Hush! oh, hush!" breathed 1 Arielle, in an awe-struck tone. Whon the fire had warmed the room the friends arose.' Lady Arielle went baok to her own chamber, where Bhe ; found another bright fire, and her inuid Lucy Lacy in attendance. Nelly Laoy took tho ohildren back to tho uursory and dressed them. Not made hersimplo toilot, and went dowustuirs to , tlio breakfast parlour. Sho was boou joined by her hostess, who, on entering said:' ... ??? As wo are nlono, I have sent Laoy to toll Nollj' to bring tbe ohildren to breakfast with us. I know that thoy have been accustomed to breakfast .with you. I forgot, to do it earlier, and only thought of it when they oomo bursting iv upon us upal airs." " How kind and thoughtful you aro, dear Ariello." , " '"A " I mean tp bo kind, but indeed Lam not thoughtful. If I had been I should have had theso ohildron. at table with,us over since Lord Beaudevero and Vivienne went away.; Ah, no !—But hero uro tho ohildren." Thoy all sat down at the table, and lingered over tho breakfast until tho olock struck ten. . ' " Only two hours now, dear Net. Surely —Burolj'—if all is right, thoy will bo here iv two hours I" exclaimed Lady Arielle, its sho put her hand through Net's, bended elbow und leauod thereon, walking up aud down tho hall—for Ariello was too restless to sit down. But they had not to wait until noon for nows.' .' ... At half- past eleven, while tho two friends were sitting in tho Bmstller drawing-room in tasteful morning dresses, waiting with almost breatbloss impatience for tlio arrival of tbo expected visitors, Adams, the ladies' footman, entered with a note on a silver salver, which ho handed to tho young lady, saying: "A groom from Cloudland brought it, my lady." "Well, tako him to tho-servants' hall lid give him some, refreshment whilo'his liorso rests," said Lady Arielle, scarcQly iblo to curb her impatience until the man left thb room. ? Then, with beating heart aud burning meek, she toro open tha note, which she jaw was ia Vivienue's handwriting, and sho read it, while Net watched her anxiously. Vivierine'sjittlo missive, was as follows: " Cloudlakd, IGth December, 18—. "My Dkabest Aair.hua,— l write to save pou come- hours of useless, anxiety. My brother arrived at Miston Station in good aealtb early this morning, arid was met by Beaue. ?" But, alaok-a-day 1 aa the bid folks used ;o say, bo was subpoenaed' no a witness ipon some disturbance that occurred on :bo train, and had to go back to some itation to testify. - - "Beaue went with'him, and'sent the sarriaga back, with alnote forf mo byfthe loacbman to tell mc- of this annoying ?.ontrctemps, and to soy that I must not ?xpect them back until lato to-night. Did fou ever hear of anything mora provoking n your Ufa? I havo no words' strong jnougb to express my disgust and abhor rence of thie statu of affairs. "I shall sit up'for them to-night, and lend theru both up to see you early .to morrow morning. And in tho meantime, vith love tp Net and the children, I am ?ourowa "Viviennb." Ariello read this over to herself, and ;hen read it aloud to' Not.A "' Now, is not this the most vexatious ;hing that could possibly happen ? It really makes ihe feel ill.. I cau appreciate low the'old proverb, that saya: 'Hope ieferred muketh' tbe heart sick.' filyf icart is'sick: Twenty-four hours more 1 ")h, dear Netl. Couldn't you ' chloroform ne, and keep ine under" tlio influence of ;hat pain- killing dtufjf until tliis timo to norrow morning?" she "inquired, with a piteous look ia;the face of her friend. '.'"'lt >? very trying, I know, dear Ariello ; jut you must, bo bravo and patient. It will lot seem so long. Tho day itt. already half ipeut, the night you will sleep away", because ,-ou' did not sleep last night, and to-uWrow uo'rniug you will havo nothing to do but to ixpoet yuur visitors/ said' Not, hopefully; Arielle sighed deeply, thinking Witluu her >wn mmd that if Sho.could feel certain /uldiuiir Despardo bud not been so false to ncr us to havo married another woman, und if t would not be so. uu(uuideuly, sho could iud it in hor heart'to tako Net and go to Dloudlaud to share .tho vigilof Vivionne, : and so ine.ot.Valdimir half v day sooner. " . She controlled this passionate desiro ?so jomplotely that Net did not oven suspeot its ixisteuco. . ; '.:?''? But tho day passed very heavily with Ariolle, who could settle herself to nothing; When bed-time canio'Ai-ieilo said to hu friend: ... . "Not, door, I am really afraid to sleep alouo. I wish you- would let mo share your room this onouight. Should 1 disturb you, dor you think V" ? '? ? ?''.' Why, no, clear! lam usually a very good sleeper, not easily disturbed. 1 low should I bo when I have beon accustomed for tho last four years to sleerj between two kicking children? I shall bo glad of your company." . So tbut night tho two girle slept; together, and slept soundly until morning. . ' . Thoy aroso blithely; too, and-soon after breakfast they began to iook for f ifheir lonjed-for Tiaifxws. I But another disappointment awaited theui. ... .. - ..?.?'? "'."','? ; ,;f '-.'.'? Again Adams appeared' With a littlo cream-coloured note ou a silver salver. r Ariello grew dizzy as she took it and t'oro it open.".' ';; "A- ':?"' ?'.'?. It contained only a fow informal: lines, as follows: ''.'?'"''??'..''?.. .A."'".!.;,.-.-' "Beauo is a fox, an old fox, a sly old foil Ho did not inform mo yosterday: morning of the nature' of ,tbe dislurbahco that detained Valdimir And last .night Abe came "home without my brother, And when I brought him to bay he had toeonfessftbttt Valdimir was personally interested in that . disturb ance ;' that in p?nt of factj said 'disturb anco' was caused by my brother's having been robbed while in tho railway.carriage, of tbo most voluablo fainilyA jewel iv f hii possession. 1 a jewol worth all the ? lauded property in the family. 'I supposoit is tho great historical diamond called ..' Sirius.' : i" thought;that jowel'waa safo in,tho vaults of my cousin's banker. How careless of Vuldiinirto oarry it about him. ?""." : ." ?''??'.? f" I will tell you. this ?. If oyer it Bhbuld oome into nny possession—.which is scarcely possible—l should soll.it to some sovereign with more cash thuu'common sense,, and invest the price in solid roaleatate, with a sure title that could neither .bo/.lost nor .Btolea.. . " "Well, Valdimir has gone back ever so far on his track in search of this stolen jewel, and will not return until he haa' recovered it. " Beauo says that there is no doubt it will bo recovered. A jewel of such.trans oendant worth cannot long be lost. "Beaue only eamo homo to relievo my anxiety, and w en t back this morning tp rejoin Valdimir and assiot in theeoarch. ; "lam laid up with a dreadful cold in the bead, caught thiough standing, out in the n'ghtair watobing rdr Valdimir..';..'. " Tako warning by my fate, and don't ? watch. " Love to Net arid babios. ; "Your'own ''Viviemnb." Arielle road the letter, and passed it over to Net, without a word of. comment, but with a. look of comic despair,; if snob, tt term bo allowable. ? She was very far from suspecting the gravity of tho matter that detained her .lover. .? . Net in turn read the letter, and passed it baok to its owner, only saying: '?; " It is tho fate of Tantalus." ; The footman who had brought in tho letter stood waiting orders. , "Go, Adams, and bring mo the morn ing's papers. If that robbory took placo ?night boforo last, there must be eomo notice of it in this morning's '.Timojf." '?Beg pardon, my ladj-, but no papers have come this morning," replied the man. ? " Why, how is that ? It is ono o'clock! They should havo been here boforo now!" : "They havo riot como, my lady." "Well, go; and as soon as thoy do como bring them to mc. Yet stay I I must write a lino of acknowledgement to Miss Dospaidc. I did not reply to her noto yesterday," added Ariello, in an aside to Net." : She sat down to a writing-table near the ureiilaco und scribbled oil' a hasty note, very guarded,"however, in its wording, hot by any means exposing tho extremity of her own anxiety, and impatience, but only expressing her own and Net Fleming's sympathy with Vivienno's disappointment and indisposition, and thoir hopo? of her brother's speedy arrival and her own happy recovery. Sho read thia letter also to Not and then sealed, directed and despatched :it by Adams to Mias Desparde's waiting messen ger- All that day Lady Ariclla waited and watched for thu daily newspapers that failed to come. Sho did not know that her guardian had: caused them to bo stopped, lest they should shock her with tho nows of Valdimir Despardo's arrest on the dreadful chargo of murder. Sho blamed tho unlucky nows-agont, and denounced him in no measured terms. .'* Jobson has v monoply at Miston ! Ho is too independent! Ho neglects' his business! There should be a rival estab lishment there, which I should certainly patronise! Tho idea of hia neglecting to sorid thb papers to-day I" she oxcluimcd, for tho twentioth timo. ; Net laughed. " Poor Jobaon 1" sho said—" any ono of a dozen accidents may have happened to prevent his sending the papers. And ns to hia ' monopoly,' it hardly puts bread enough in his hungry children's mouths! I wish you could eeo thorn, poor thinga I" : "Oh, Net, I am a selfish wretch, and all my goodness Is not skin deep 1 The minute anything crosses ma I am bad) That is, I mean, I find out how bad I ami" Baid Arielle, half-lightly, balf- ponitently. Net did not contradict or flatter her. It was not Net's way. Still another weary day and night passed, and then, at length, Hometbing happened; but it was not what thoy had expected. CHAPTER LXVI. vtvennu'b won. ? . ? i Loed BEAtTDEViitE continued his daily visits to- Yookley prieon, altliough ' tho journey thoro aud back, aud tho hour spent with his unhnppy kinsman, took tho wholo of ovory day. Bo long as ho could prevent Jobson from soudiug the uowapapers to Montjoie Castle and to Cloudlaud ho had hopos that thb disastrous nows of Valdimir Despardo's arrest aud imprisonment ou thu terrible chargo of murder might not reach the ladies of either house, for Lady Aiiello lived in strict seclusiou uiuco tho death of her grandfather; and Miss Despardo waa ooniiued to hor room by a Hovcro cold, But us the days went on, ..and .the news spread from ouo to another all ovor tho couutry, until it was in every body's month' Lord Beaudevero perceived how futile wero his plaui to keep it concealed from lib) wards. ? Auy day, a word from ft tradocmnn might rovcut the calamity to.a servant or a _ child j who might bring it suddenly to either of tho houses from which he so earnestly desired to keep.it. Ha deemed It, therefore, best that he rhould. bimeelf gently break the matter to Yi'itune aud send her with the intelligence to Lady Arielle. Iv accordance with this phn, he delayed his daily vitit to "V*lditnlr for a couple, of hours, aud met Vivienuo at breakfast, to which sho was now sufficiently recovered to oomo down. 3!iw herself unwittingly led up to the Subject. *? Ou, indeed ?" she exclaimed, a? soon si uhe eAterod ttte breasfast-room, and saw bim w.dtlng there for ber. '"You do not rasiinio asy tout you are going, to alt dowu to thu taolo with vie this-morning' Wuy.T'hsve not bad the honour of your company foi deven days I What has happened t la tbo ' lust jewel, the great : diamond, Sirius, fouud at last r If ao, when ?h*U I ace my truant brother? Or ia hs detained to Identify bis property and—the thief ?" the sauoily demanded. "Pour out my coffee, Vivl, and I wiU toll [ you all about it after bre*kfait,'; replied the -bason. ? '-'-v.': ; ') ?'."?' -A v Tho girl sat down and did as he deiired. After breakfast was over tho baron arose and said: " Como Into the library, my love. I have something to say to you." ?/-, Hit manner and tone of voice alarmed the girl, and prepared hor lv some degree tor what Bhe was destined to hear. . (To be continued.) * 