SANDHUMST, FEOM OlB OWN COKUKSPOXDEXT. 23rd April. A case which should act as a warning to caterers for public amusement was heard at tho City Police Court to-day. Jlr. D'Arcy Read, of "The Ghost" notoriety, was summoned by tho local printers and others for various amounts duo for advertising, printing, Ac. The orders for tho work iiad.oeen given By a w. B. aled- calfc, who for tho last six weeks has been representing himself as D'Arcy Read's business manager, and apparently acted in that capacity up to Saturday night Last, and on JI011- day morning it was found I10 had left by first train to the regret of all who liad dono business for the Ghost Entertainment. The defence was ,that Medcalfe wu3 not Jlr. Read's business fiiunager, but by a written agreement produced in court was to have one-third of tho proceeds, and pay ail expenses, the remaining two-thirds being paid to Mr. Read for his services, and Mr. Read was under the impression, until last Jlon- day morning, that all bills against tho enter tainment hail been paid by Jicdcalf, when the illusion was destroyed by the receipt of several summonses and bailiffs to tako possession of D'Arcy Read's chattels for rent duo for tho use of the lull. Verdicts were given in each case against the defendant. At the police court to-day a woman named Sfary Ann M'ornack was charged with bigamy, and committed to take her trial at the next Assize Court. This morning Ralu Ambrose, the nephew of King Cakobau, of Fiji, arrived in Sandhurst on a visit to Mr. Henry Jackson, who showed him tho principal sights of the city. Tho cry of the fanners is loud for rain, and one selector was heard to remark he would give £500 for a twenty-four lionrs' fall of rain. Lalnb- iug season is now approaching, and there is no grass. The man Thomas Williams, who was run over by tho Inglewood train, on Monday night last, is progressing favorably. Several complaints of attempted housebreak ing lrnvo been made lately, showing we have some rogues in the city, who object to honest labor. Tt is currently reported in Berlin' that the Chinese Government has purchased machinery and engaged experienced engineers and spinners in Germany to go out io China and establish mills there. The Government hopes by this means to make its country independent of Russian and English manufactures, and to supply the home market with homo produce. The mills are to bo constructed and worked on tho European prin ciple. 