The Side Shows at the late Exhibition. THE craving for the wonderful, improbable, sublime, or ridiculous has, for the masses, a more powerful influence as a matter of "draw" than the thirst for information of a scientific and use- ful character. Hence it is that many would find a visit to the exhibition pall upon them after the first day were it not for the extra ex citement afforded by what our Yankee cousins denominate, with that facility of language for which they ar? famous—the side shows. And it is beyond question that the presence of the parti-colored tents and booths, with their mar vellous pictures of the wonders to be seen in side, and with their no less marvellously gifted proprietors, is a source of attraction which helps many a carefully hoarded shilling into the treasury of the exhibition proper. The stimulus afforded by "something won derful to be seen for the small sum of 3d. or 6d.," as the case may be, is so fully understood by the proprietors of travelling shows that all of them are willing to pay a good round.sum for the privi lege of being permitted to erect their booths or tents on the society's grounds at exhibition time. One proprietor assured us that he would gladly pay £60 for permission to carry on his vocation in the Sydney Domain during the exhi bition saturnalia shortly to commence. However that may be, it is certain that the showmen at Bowen Park paid a rather stiff entrance-fee, and judging by appearanoes, reaped a fair harvest after paying expenses. In sauntering round, our attention was first attracted by a young man in a faultless suit of broadoloth and a bearer hat, mounted in a sort of pulpit, who drew the attention of the crowds who surrounded him to the marvellous exhibition of mechanical skill, which com pletely eclipsed the Blacksmith's Dream exhibited last year, and which could be viewed in full operation for the sum of sixpence. Of course we entered, and were rewarded for our enterprise by the sight of a mass of figures, about 6m. high, in full work. High above all were a set of dancers going sedately through a quadrille. On a platform below them ran several velocipedists rapidly travelling round in one monotonous circle. The motions of the feet and hands were perfectly imitated, but by-and-by we began to wish for a spill or some other excitement to vary the soene. However, no casualty occurring, we turned with greater hope to a railway train, which was tearing round its allotted circle belching forth volumes of woollen smoke. We were again doomed to see the wheels keep fair on the track, so we devoted ourselves to a critical examination of 168 operatives—probably they were the discharged employe's of the Ips wich workshops. They plied their several voca tions with the true Government stroke, and did not even put on a spurt when they found them selves under inspection. The exhibition was a very good one, and as a proof of mechanical skill was well worthy of a visit. Leaving this tent, we were allured by the stentorian toneß of "The lion man." He seemed to be in a perpetual state of astonish ment at the discoveries he was making. " Good gracious i here's a lion ! Come and see the lion. Ho, ho I The lion I the lion t And here's a bear ! Look at the bear! Wake up, old man 1 And here's a— Walk in, ladies and gentlemen, and Bee the only living Indian snake what coils six times round my own body, which I'm the man as can deal with them wenimus critters. Walk in and see 20ft of Indian snake, which he's quite harmless just at this hidentical mo ment 1' Then another man breaks in with, "And there's a two-headed call, too. Walk in I walk in ?" So we accepted the invitation, and examined the snake, which was a 16ft carpet snake, too fat to move. The lion was a good one, and we were glad to find that he was an old acquaintance. We remembered him as a little whelp in Melbourne, when he allowed us to take him up and " wool him." We offered to renew our acquaintance, but Wallace Bhowed swh unmistakable signs of animosity that wo desisted. , He is now a fine full- maned old fellow, Borne fifteen years old, and if loose would be safe to view from a house-top —but no nearer. Our attention was next claimed by the M human-handed fowl." We protested against such an imposition, especially as this show professed to be connected with the Kelly gang. However, we went in to denounce the fraud. We were, however, frus trated in our intention, as we found a veritable rooster as lively as any other bird, pick ing up corn and shaking a fleshy human hand at us, which depended from the region of bis tail. We were convinced that this lutut naturm was no fraud. There was also to be seen a stuffed goat with two heads, six legs, and two tails, and a double back bone. Tho duck with a fowl's head we did not see, as it had not arrived in time to be exhibited. Stanton and Co.'s Camera obscura was well worth a visit, all objects within tho radius of half a mile being successively and distinctly presented to the view on the revolving disc During the evening might be seen here an excellent optical delusion. A man was leaning on » cushion at a table, and although the legs of the table were uncovered, and the back of the tent apparently seen below the exhibitor, none of his lower extremities were visible. The illusion was well got up. " Punch and Judy " were to be heard here, although the whole performance waB not gone through. The rascally old villain commited a murder or two, chuckled and crowed over the success of his iniquitous proceedings, and was finally whisked away by the ghost. Of course the inevitable " Height, weight, and strength of your lungs, Sir, for 6d.;" together with the Btereoocopic views, and the man with therifle target, were present; but we are glad to notice that the pea and thimble and three card men were conspicuous by their absence. 