ptte Srlffiraws. Crow mm. on oositcsrsKiicKT.] QDEESTSLAND. BioaASE, Jumeft. Me. Stivenb' Bui to regulate tbe Travelling of Sheep passed its second readmg in tbe Assembly bat snght ; but tbe measure will probably be much altered is Csasmntee. The performance at die School of Arts, entitled 'Gtrnsn'e Ghost,' umliiima to be well |ia|j)«i»d. The ordaary prognmme was gone through fast night, aad tte stmtGng apparitions and sadden disappearances were certainly astomsbisg to tbase who were satis fied with simply seeing, aad perpkxmg to those who asked themselves, 'Bow is it doK?' The entertainment is so attractive one, and will serve to pass a pleasant evening. the Ajrrrti-.-r (S.A-) of the SSad instant, that a survey party 'm being dnpaiehed from Adelaide to define with accuracy the boundary of South *— ****- and Kew South Wales, from tbe SSth DsraBel of latitude to tfaeSedi on die 141st meridian, and thence on tbe same parallel to the ISSth meridian, the south-east corner boundary of tbe Northern Territory and Queensland. The track of country to be surveyed is mostiy sandy desert, with water here and there on Cooper's CVeek and further north, but the arid nature of the district at the preseoz time mav be estimated from tbe fact that Burke and Wills both died at Inuamincha, which will be the main depot of die party who leave Adelaide on Friday. Tbe surveyor in charge is Mr. -V. Barrnu, who has reeentlv returned from the explora tions towards the west with Professor Tate. Mr. Barron will be accomnanied by Mr. *i. Fox asd eight others, mdadm? an Afghan camel-driver. Owin* to the scarcity of water horses would be useless on tbe expedition, and sixteen «»™Jc have been oWtaiiied from Sir Thomas Boer. These animals wHl convey two years' supply of provisions and stores from Port Agnsts or Beltana to tbe main depot at Burke's Grave, and will then be em ployed as required. The approximate distance from Port Augusta to Iimammrfu is 43Dto SS6 miles, depending upon tbe mute taken— Bjanehewater or Mullizan's Station, the course being then up the Streteehi Creek. When tbe trigonometrical party reach Burke's Grave thev wiB have to return to the Slth parallel of latitude, near Fort Grey, an old depot of Start, the errilorer. in 15W, where water can be obtained, and then com mence operations. Very frequent observations «-iD have to l-e taken to ascertain the true meridian, and everv mile ;hk4 will be raised on a mound surrounded by a ditch, the dis tance between being marked at intervals with zinc plates. Lake -ioyder. Lake Massacre. Eyres Creek, and the'Everard River wfll be relied upon for water supply as tbe party go north, but danger wfll be apprehended from tbe fierce tribes of natives that are known to exist about the Queensland boundary, and Mr. Barron and his associates are furnished with arms for self -defence. It wfll be remem bered that Mr. M'Cormi.U not lone since found tin? uphimik of i man ht'1^ OiaoaUii, who had been murdered by the blacks in that part of the country, the expedition is a oecesEvy and in some respecte fn important ooe, and it is hoped thart the little p-rty wiH SB&ly; accompiisfa the arduous task tint ins bora entrusted to tlv*'? The traffic *»rwiiig« od the Central Baflny for tie week ended May 24, amounted to £368 13b. Si. showing, as complied with the corresponding period of last year, an increase of £316 Us. Id. There n an increase of £368 12s. Id. in the receipts (or goods and stock : a decrease of £43 6s. 3d. in Cues, and £6 15a. 3d. in the parcels receipts. The traffic eamingis on the Southern and Western railway for tiie above period amounted to £3103 12a. ToL, showing, as compared with fite *** m ' **Rpftiam«ig wbcIl of last yew, ? decnose of £114 Us. The total receipts for the year np to date were— Central line, £30.747 Ob. 9d. increase £523 Us. 3d. Southern and Western fine, £70.822 18s. S4, dectease £63633e. 8d. The usual fortnightly sitting of the Petty DebbsConrt was held on Wednesday, before the Police Magistrate. There were fourteen adjourned, two continued for service of sum mons, two withdrawn, two settled — in one a verdict was consented to, and in one tiie amount had been paid into Court. In the HoZlowilljr nnAt^fanAttA *^i™ V^rdUctS WWe given for file plaintrfts --J. W. Face and Co. v. J. F. Holt, goods «U, £1 14s. Hi, costs Mb.; Same e. A. S. Fowks. goods Bold. £3 13s. costs Sel; John Phillips r. Michael Aheam, board, £1 ''« . easts £1 5s. fid.; S. Singleton t. J. Sarman, goods sold, £4 15s. 7A, coBts tOs. Speedy esECtftMHi to gnnted m tfce usual affidavit being sworn. The defended case of Andrew Geddes r. John V. Waller was adjourned until tins moming at ten. 