THE SPRING HANDICAPS. ... [BY SACNTBREE] v v nr. Ae remarked in a previous article, the last' 60 in the Melbourne Cupareput together' over a . range:of 11 lbs. ..only, but it must be apparent \- to nearly ovory one that as a matter of bringing ; them together 11 lbs. , would never do it. It is '* byno mean's beyond the mark to say that if a ; handicapper had to operate on the last 60 alono ho could, and moreover would; commence; at ' say 8-at; 10 lbs., and then leave the present bottom weight'Hebe at 5 st. 7.lbs. This would afford a range of 45 lbs., instead of ll lbs., and it would thus bb apparont that to bring Chester . and tbo bottom weights together there would .be his 9 st 10 lbs. plus 3 at. 3 lbs., minus 11 lbs. . . which puts in Chaster at 12 at. 2 lbs., and those . beneath him pro rata. Of course this would bo an absurdity, and would hosacrificing the good horses to the duffers, who,never will be able to run a fast race, hut for all that I am inclined to take the viows of most of iny brother contribu ' tora in the south, and say that tho handtcappers in aiming at "a raco to bo run fa 3.35 and better aro not doing so wisely as in aiming at ? a race in 3.36 or even 3.38. With Woodlands fit and well, and sent for this rtce. it must'be, ; rau in at least his previous! time for two miles , in tho Wagga Gold Cup (3.38), when he was 14 months younger, and carried 1 lb. more, and when there was nothing could make him race in the*Iuet quarter of a mile, .so this race must bo run in tho best of time, if there are avcrago conditions as to weather, going, &c.; I know I am taking one of Woodlands* host perform ances as au, illustration ; but handicaps are made on them, and not on the bad ones. Tom Kirk, too, will bring tho time to about 3.35 on his last year's running in thi* race, so that tho tail possesses that " holy show" which is equivalent to not having a ghost of a chance. But though many of them are strangers, tho groater number have porformed. Faublas, 6 st. 4 lbs., run a respectable second to Gip&y; ., Cooper in the Tatteraall's Club Mares' Produco Stakesin January ^ Tho Pontiff, whohassinco run respectably, being third. Since then ho has dono nothing to ppcak of, but being in receipt of C lbs. from tho Cooper should havo a trifle tho best of it. Falmouth, G st 4 lbs. is in the . hands of tho owner of Burouet, and is better brod than tho Chatnpagno winuor who has II lbB. moro to carry, and is much inoro to my fancy than a good many of tlioio below him, ' though ho is still in search of a reputation. Bob Sawyer, 6 st. 4 lbs., is too good for the company of tho Cup, though a six-year-old can't grumblo at this weight. But if ho iuu't good enough for Kensington Park how.can ho win this? Kinsman, 6 st. 3 lbs., five years, is no better; for if, carrying 6 et., ho couldn't get near Woodlands with 9 st. 4 lbs. at Wagga, orer 1} mile, how on earth is ho going to do it hero when ho meets him on vastly worse.termB. Besides, ho has accepted in tho Metropolitan with 6 et.-not that he has a show even theft. The next on the list is no better, but Riverton, 6 st. 3 lbs., is a stoutly bred ono (Panic-Splen dor*), but hardly class enough for tho pace. Ginger, 6 st. 2 lbs;, nobody seems to care about, and it is . bo long since he has run he muBt havo forgotten all about it. Secundus, 6 at. 21bi., another Xlook on as out of his company, though ia many races ho has shown a consistent ability (to stay, but then ho has never, made anything like good; time. And although the time teat :is fallacious as regards individual horses in trials and so forth, it is eminently a good test when there is a:r certainty of' some horse in tho handicap' malting " good time." Caspian, 6 et. 2 lbs., usod to rejoice in the happy name of f'Podus Okus," and is by no means badly treated in comparison with his brother three-year-olds higher up. Kanaka, 6 st.21bB., is unknown to me ; his namo has aSonth Sea Island smack about it at any rate, but although we have had a Chinaman, X think, nominate for the Melbourne Cup,- tho sturdy islanders will hardly have acquired so much civilisation yet. Earl of Mar, 6 et. 2 lbs.,: ia leniently treated, and although they say Sunset, 6 st. 2 lbs., ia. so vastly well in, she only seems so because of her ago. Aged horses with 6 st. 2 lba. are hardly good enough. Not having tho nominators' . names io hand, I might be confusing this Sunset and the Sunset (late Baroona) together, but either of them are not good enough. Belladrum, 6 st. 1 lb., has so far proved himself 14 lbs. behind the best of his year, and should certainly go under i to Gainsborough at a difference of 6 lbs., for the latter was a capital third in the Maribyrnong Plate, and would, I think, have shown up well in a subsequent race, but that he parted com*, pany with his rider by hitting a post. Queens land, 6 st. 1 lbs., has a lot of good staying in blood in her veins (Tho Italian-Star of Peace) and Roland, C st., iBas well in as ho could expect, and has ono or two good perfonnances to his name. Amongst tho light division he is leniently treated, and should certainly hold several of the' middle weights safe, notably Warlock, 7 st. 71bs. Falcon, 6 st.,.is in very light, for after about a dozen losings he gave his owner a real goodturnlast Band wick meeting, and thougli he may. not go two miles so wellaa one, yot he is lightly in. With the rest of the 6 st. lot, we may dispense, except, perhaps Geide Olgotbach Jemmy Miller, of sweep renown, being the owner-who ought to be satisfied. There are thirteen at 6 st. 12 lbs., and Borne well-bred ones in tho lot. Caractacus by Captivator Loyal Devoir, is as yet a maiden so far as a decent; race is concerned; Terrific by Tim Whifller- Talkative, in whose veins runs King Tim* and: Wild Dayrell blood; Cowarie, a very bad* public performer; Constellation ought certainly to be higher up in relation to those he is now associated with, and indeed in regard to many, other three-year-olds ; Fleet wood I don't know; Courtenay has very stout two- mile bloodin him, being descended from Yattendon and Mandregora (a daughter of Mandrake, who ten years ago two-miled very successfully in. England), but as yet Courtenay is a maiden; Lohengrin, with a dash of Eng lish Stoclcwell in him, is another; Credit once ran third to Soothsayer, with 11 lbs. tho best of the weight, so it is evi dent ho won't do much: here when meeting the* latter at 7 lbs.; Bonnie Beo has Bhown flomo form, and has beaten Mercury and tho Pontiff at levol weights, ibMr. M'Donald's gelding has somo sort of a show here ; St. John -thorc are two St. Johns, but this one ia half brother, I take it to Sir Andrew and unper formed ; Brisbane, own sister to Melbourne and Adelaide-will most likely Bhow up bettor with time, though tho family is good anywhere; Siiwarrow, a boh of Snowden and Phizgig, alsoa "dark nu;" British Workman, a Tas mania:) , and not the class. There are now twenty four left, of whom tho four-year-old Coongoola (own brother to Aconite); 5 st. 9 lbs., ought to be able to give cither of the ethers a good weight. It is almost.a hopoless task to wade through them, aud. several have never been 11 out'* yet; and as there seonis to bo nothing with tho remotest chanco under G st. I leave thom alone; barring Banker in 18S3, nothing has ever won under C st. 3 lbs. (including 3 lbs. ponalty.) With tho acceptances before me, I may be totnpted to pick out a score or BO to includo the winner, but beyond knocking the "roughs" out now, I.don't think I am bound to go. Tho Metropolitan acceptanoos aro large, ond this is mainly attributable to nonreceptors hav ing to dcclnro, not tho acceptors. I take it that the next fortnight will decido tho fate of a dozen more, but on the nccoptnnces Woodlands, Hubert, Terapleton, Tocnl, Stratlioarn, Wool stono, Sweetmeat, Colirua, and Jack-o'-Iiantehi should bo in it, tho seven stcnorn being all of them ablo to do fair timo with fair weights up' and tbu d*es not look liko a splitting race at ^present. ; I have a certain-'amount of reBpect for Martindale and K. C. B., but the latter is not good enough-well in as he is. Colitna is certain to be cloao up, for ah© runt Terr truly, and 'sho lias everything in her .favour, for several of the demons of terrific, paco.uro out of. the acceptances, *nd'it;doeB not look better than a '3.36 race, and I would oven venture on a second more. 