THEATRE ROYAL. At the Theatre Royal on Saturday Shakespeare's ' Macbeth " was produced. The hero was entrusted to the care of Sfr. H. H. Vincent, a gentleman who has aarned for himself a very superior position among the favourite highest actors of tho day, and ALiss Dargon performed Lady Macbeth, whilst all the subordinate characters found suitable expo nents in tlie various members of Mr. Lazar's ad mirable company. Miss Dargon's Lady Mnelieth is a wonderfully" clever impersonation, inasmuch as while not being too strictly unconventional, it lias all the merits of a newly brought out nnd freshly but deeply studied conception. Although among her readings there are naturally many with which the playgoers of long experience have become acquainted, there are more that indicates the exer cise of very powerful originality and extent of thought in their development and pourtrayal. Tlie Lady Macbeth of Miss Dargon is an overwhelm ingly ambitious woman, whose great selfishness is only excelled by her deep regard for her sove reign lord. 1 Mr. Aliment's Macbeth is a fine per- ormnncc. This gentleman evidently has grasped tlie leading characteristics of the man ho re presented, and consequently he was very successful in placing before his audience a picture of tlie brusque, ambitious, weak, and self- glorifying but over-weighted monarch. On Satur day night Mr. Vincent was somewhat nervous, and this feeling, inseparably consequent on first appearances before fresh faces, slightly militated against the general efficiency of what would otherwise have been, a very admirable per formance. As this defect is so easily remediable, a very excellent Macbeth at liis hands may reason ably be expected. Air. Douglas made a hearty, bluff, and manly Macduff ; Air. Scagravc, a capital Banquo (only we might suggest tho em ployment of some device to lessen tlie apparent bulkincss and liis formidable appearance when he conies on as tho ghost) ; Mr. Hasker, an interesting and patriarchal Duncan : Air. G. Brown, as usual, a commendable Malcolm, and Air. South an in valuable Hecate. Afr. Jones merits a word of iraiso for his very truthful representation of the deeding officer. In the hands of the Alisses Arcl- ville, Mainwaring, and Myra Keiubla, the three witches receivod every attention, and the effect of their performance was very satisfactory. Every attention has been paid to producing the play in tnie very best possible manner, and Air. Jones is entitled to very warm laudation for the efficiency and comparative pcrfectness of the representation. Locke's music was suitably sung, and among those taking part in its rendition, calling for especial praise, are the Alisses Alice and Constance Deonvyn, Alaggie Oliver, and Air. J. C. South. In connec tion with tliis performance it may be as well to point out tho cafe evidently liestowed on the lime light and other important effects by Air. H. Evans, ami tlie consequent success of liis department. Macbeth " is announced for repetition to-night. 