PERSONAL GOVERNMENT. It is necessary to be serious in referring to any question which relates to the prerogatives of the Crown, but it requires some effort to treat in this spirit the discussion on the subject which is to-day to be raised in the House of Commons. There seems, at the last moment, some confusion as to the precise form in which the question will be brought forward, and we await with a little curiosity the final manifestation of constitutional jealousy. There have been some mutterings of discontent during the session, and the other day a motion was put on the paper by Mr. Dillwyn which seemed designed to give them definite expression. He announced a resolution for to-day to the effect that " the direct interference of the Sovereign in the Indian and foreign policy of the country is not in accordance with constitutional usage as now understood and settled, and is, moreover, calculated to im- pair the privileges of the House of Commons by augmenting the powers of the Government, enabling them, undercover of such personal in- terposition, to withdraw from the cognizance and control of the House important matters relating to policy and expenditure properly within the the scope of its powers and privileges." It appeared to most people that, if this motion meant anything, it implied a censure on some recent proceedings or other of the Sovereign, but it has been reserved for Mr. Edward Jenkins to convince Mr. Dillwyn that it bears this interpretation. The member for Dundee yesterday gave notice of his intention to move, as an amendment, " that, in order to prevent the growing abuse, under the advice of Ministers, of the privileges and influence of the Crown, it is necessary that the Royal prerogative should be more strictly limited and defined." Mr. Dillwyn has hastened to recognise the superior sense of constitutional propriety which this amendment displays in attributing any mischief which may have arisen to the advice of Ministers. He was good enough, accordingly, to state yesterday afternoon that nothing had been further from his intention than to imply any censure upon the Crown, and, as Mr. Jenkins's motion would meet his views without being liable to any such interpretation, he would or their accept it or would alter his own resolution in accordance with its terms. This change of front leaves us in no little per- plexity as to what Mr. Dillwyn really means. His original motion complained of " the direct interference of the Sovereign." But by accepting in substance Mr. Jenkins's amendment he seems practically to admit that there has been no direct interference at all. That which is complained of has, it would appear, been done " under the advice of Ministers." But, if this be the case, Ministers remain entirely responsible for it, and nothing whatever has been withdrawn from the cognizance and control of the House. Everything which the Ministers do, and, above all, the advice they give to the Sovereign, is unreservedly subject to criticism and censure, and there can therefore be no question whatever of the Crown having augmented the powers of the Government. The motion, if altered in this sense, becomes simply one of censure on the Ministry ; but we do not wonder at Mr. Dillwyn's caution in pledging himself to the precise terms of Mr. Jenkins's amendment. Even admitting the fact alleged in the amendment, the conclusion which it draws is a little inconsistent. Ministers, it is asserted, have abused the privileges and influence of the Crown, and it is proposed that, in consequence, those privileges should be more strictly limited. In other words, Ministers have done wrong, and the Crown is to be punished for it. The amendment is guilty of combined murder and suicide. It first of all destroys Mr. Dillwyn's motion, and then proceeds to destroy itself. It may, however, go further in the process is for it seems to render superfluous the excellent amendment with which Mr. Fawcett proposed to meet the original motion. He gave notice of one of those, uncompromising amendments which propose to leave out " all the words in the motion after the word ' That.' " He would move that the House, " while at all times anxious to protect the privileges of Parliament against . any encroachment on the part of the Crown, is of opinion that there is no evidence to show that in the Indian and foreign policy of the country the Sovereign has noted without the advice of n: Ministers, who are directly responsible to Pur , liamont." But this is precisely what Mr. Dillwyn, on the invitation of Mr. Jenkins, has now admitted. He has even gone further. He allows not merely that " there is no evidence to show that the Sovereign has acted without the advice of her Ministers, but he expressly admits that she has not so acted. We are in complete per- plexity to know what remains after this mutual slaughter of constitutional politicians. It recalls the Ghost scene in Hamlet. The Royal prove- gative lines appeared in some shadowy form upon the stage, and frightened some nervous minds. " Stop it," exclaims a provincial voice. " Shall I strike at it 1" says Mr. Dillwyn. " 'Tis here," says one. " 'Tis here," says another. " "fis gone," says a third. But " it is as the air in vulnerable," and their " vain blows malicious mockery. " If is as impalpable as it is, majesties]. It vanishes in a moment 5 and nothing is soon on the stage but Mr. Dillwyn, Mr. Jenkins, and Mr. Fawcett making passes in the air, and the House looking on with wonder and expecta- tion. We should be plunged into deep waters indeed if we began to discuss proposals for limiting and defining the Royal prerogative" There is nothing in the British Constitution so vague, mysterious, and illimitable;. It is hard to say what the Crown has not done or might not do. Mr. Newdegate gave notice yesterday of a resolution declaring that the House would not sanction any treaty unless full information relating to it had been laid before the House and opportunity given to discuss it. This is but one of the great problems which would be raised if an attempt were made to doone the prerogatives of the Crown. The Sovereign can declare war and can make treaties. As Mr. Gladstone reminded us a few years ago, she can alter the whole constitution of the army at a stroke, or even abolish it entirely by a simple statement that she " has no further occasion for the services of its officers. Through the Privy Council and its various departments who commands, in possibility, the greater part of the administration of the country. The notion of Mr. Jenkins limit- ing the prerogatives of the Crown is like the Lilliput tailor measuring Captain Gulliver. After all, what is the occasion for BO heroic an effort 1 What has the Sovereign done to create all this alarm She has written, it seems, a kind letter to Lady Frere, and she sent a message of encouragement to her troops in South Africa after the cruel reverse of Isandlana. That is all that has yet been brought to the notice of Parliament 5 and it seems rather slight ground for undertaking a revision of the Constitution in its most important and honorable element. If Ministers are accused of sheltering themselves behind the Queen's name, let them be convicted of the offence and duly considered, the House of Commons is unlikely to overlook any such conduct, and is at least perfectly competent to resent and repres, it. In fact, if any such abuse of the Royal Prerogative had been committed Ivy Ministers, it would justly deserve as severe a censure as could be expressed. But such a censure should be aimed directly at Ministers themselves and it is as unseemly as it is unreasonable to make any such supposed offence the occasion of an oblique reflection on the Crown Times, May IU. Fuiit'KCTiox.-Mns. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER (the Genuine only (rs Pink Paper Wrappers) never of Bill to restore Grey Hair to its youthful colour. Imp acting in it new life, growth, and lustrous beauty. Its action in certain and thorough, quickly banishing; greyness. it is not a dye, It ever proves itself the natural Miruiigthuuor of the Hair. Its superiority and etceteras are established throughout the world. Wholesale of FULTON, GRImWADE, & Co., Melbourne, and retail of all Chemists and Perfumers throughout the < intends. VALUAnLirDisoovRRY ron will MALL. If your hat is turning grey or white, or falling off, use " The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it will positively restore in every case Grey of White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most " Ra Storers" it makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of hair on bald (pots, when the glands are not decayed. Atkyour Chemist for "THE MEXICAN HAIR RaNiwaa,^ prepared by Host BY C. GALLUP, 493. Oxford-street, London, and sold, by classing IDA MnuuMn Grayson M fe 44 