SOURCE OF PERSONAL BEAUTY. A DHAUTiFWi person ia tho natural form ol a hoautifnl aoul. Tho raiud builda Its own houae. The soul takes precedence ol tho body, and nhapoft the body to ita own lika»08«, A vaoant mind takea all the meaning out ol the falreat faoo, A sonaual disposition deforms tlio handsouieafc featurea. A cold, HoUl'uh heart (dirivolrt and distorts the boot look#. A moan, grovelling spirit takes nil tho dignity out of tho lijjuro aud all the qharaoinj.' out of tho countenance, A ehorlalred haired tnuuifonna tho moat beautiful lineu menta into an imago of ugliness, It is as impoaaiblu to prouervo good lookn wilh ft brood of bad paafiione feeding on tho blooii, a set ol low lovea tramping through tho Ueait, and a Holfiali, disdainful epirit otitbronod in tho will, ftii to preaorvo tho beauty of an olegavt ttuinutoti witti a litter of swino in tho Uatjtj njent, n tribe of gipsies in tho parlour aud owlu and vultures in the upper part, JiadnuBs and beiutty will no moro koep company a great while than will ooumirt with health, or an elegant eatv \ug survive the fnmaoo ftro, 'i'ho experi ment of putting thorn togother hau boon tried for thousands of jours, but with one uuvary. inR mult. There ia 110 uoulptor like the mind. There ia nothing thut eo roflnoa, poliahoa and ennobles faeo and mien ua tho constant preoeuoo of great thoughts. The inr,n who lives in tho region of ideas, moon beama though they bo, becomes idoalitied, There avo no arte, no gymnaatlea, no cos njotiea which can oontribute a titho so muoU of tho dignity, tho atrongth, tho onuobUng oi it man's iooka, aa a great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, an un quenchable enthusiasm, But more powerful still thnn auy oi those aa a boautifler tho poraon id tho ovormaatoiing purpose and pervading disposition of kinduoaa in tho heart. Aff action ia the ox gdnifdng forcu in tho human oou8tl« tution, Woman is faiier than man because bho haa moro affection than man. LovelU neaa ia tho outaido of lovo, Klndnoaa, eweet noau, goodwill, a prevailing doaire and determination to make otliera happy, make tho body a tomplo of tho Holy Ghost. Tho HOUI that ia full of pure and ({onerous ftffuO« tiona, faahiimtj tho features into ita own augelio likeneas, as tho rose, by inherent impulse, grows in grace aud bloaaoma into lovelltioMM whioh art uaunot equal. Tnoro ia nothing on earth whioh ao quickly traua flgurea a puraonality, reiinea, osalta, ir radiatua with hoaven'a own impress of lovelinesa, aa a pervading, prevailing klndueas of heart. Tho angola are beautiful beoaua 0 they are good, aud Gad ia beautiful booanao WO J<1 lovo. 'Uhriemn Globe, 