MEG. Makqahet Nkale, a girl about twenty or thereabouts. Bat on a low, broad stono near tho edge of a cliff that overhung tho sea. Her features wero irregular, but sho had a cortain dark, gipsy-like beauty of her ovrn. Hor brown stuff gown clung closely about her,- her hat had fallen back, and hung carelcssly by the strings; a red woollen shawl was wrapped around her shoulders, one end trailing off over tho scant, groy herbage. Her hands wero clasped about her knees; there was a hard set look about tho unsmiling mouth; and tho eyes, that wero sometimes most tender, had a dangerous light in them as they gazed steadfastly off over tho darkoning sea to tho distant horizon, still red with tho reflected glow of the sunset. At a little distance, but with his back towards hor, and his steel-blue eyes just as steadfastly bent in the opposite direction, stood Matthew Erickson, a handsome young fellow enough, in the rough dress of a miner, tall, Btrong, and ruddy, with a full Jcurling, chestnut beard, and hair of the same colour. A bluo ribbon dangled from his left hand. There had evidently boen a. quarrel ; and a love quarrel, in a struggling mining hamlet on the north-west coast of England, does not differ greatly from ono in a scat tered fishing hamlet on the eastern coast of Maine. Forms of - speech may differ, but love and angor are muoh the same the wide world over. As for the queer, quaint dialect in which the special pair of lovers poured forth their mutual grievance, no attempt will be made to reproduce it here. You may be sure they said 'yo' for 'you,' and 'towd' for 'told,' and 'canna' for 'cannot,' and 'ta' for 'thou.' But all that shall be taken for granted — if not for your ease and comfort, at least for mine ! Tired of the silence, at length tho young miner sauntered away with an assumed air of indifference, and, picking up a handful of pebbles, slowly tossed them, ono by one, into the waves below. Margaret's eyes did not waver, but none the less did she follow every motion of his hand. Having watched the fall of his last pebble, he came back and stood behind her, winding the ribbon round hisjfingors to its evident detriment. ' So you will not wear it, Msg?' he said at last. ' No, T will not,' sho answered, without turning her head. 'Why do you vex me? There's no more to be said about it.' ' But why, Meg !' and he laid his hand on her shoulder, as with ah attempt at con ciliation. 'Tell me why? Surely you can do no less.' ' Because— because — I can't abide blue. Matt Erickson. It's hateful to me.' 'But I like it, Meg ! And, if you care ?for me, you would be glad to wear a blue xibbon to the fair when I ask it.' ' Why did you buy it P' she asked shortly, turning towards him by a hair's . breadth. ' Not to please me, that's sure.' ? 'Yes; to. please you, and to please: myself. Jenny wears, ribbons as blue as, her own eyes, and I am. sure you cannot] say they are not pretty. You aro just ; stubborn, Meg.' Poor Matt ! In his .uneducated, mascu line blindness ho could not see that the delicate colour that, harmonised so well i with his pretty cousin's pink and white cheeks and sunny curls were utterly un united to his brown Meg, who needed rioh, 1 dark hues and warm reds to brighten her; somewhat swarthy complexion. And poor Meg ! She had an instinctive 1 sense of fitness that taught her this, but ?she was not wise enough to know how to explain it to her somewhat imperious lover. She could only say she 'hated blue!' Besides, Meg had carried a sore spot in her heart for two months ; eyer Bince this same cousin Jenny of.Matt's came oh a visit to Rysdyk. She was a dimpled, deli cate little creature from the south — from near London, in fact — where everything was . nicer and finer than in Lancashire.; Jenny's hands wore soft and white, and sho had prettv gowns, as befitted the daughter, of a well-to-do farmer who kept men-; servants and .maid-servants. And sho.had a pair of real gold earrings and a lace scarf ! Old Mother Marley said it was real lace, but of that Meg was not quito sure. That was a height of magnificence to which she was not certain even Jenny, could attain. And Jenny had sweet, little coaxing ways with her ; aud she was always purring round her cousin Matt, like a kitten ; and— and — sht wore blue ribbons 1 Meg would none of them. She Bat for a moment, as if turned to stone. Then she blazed out : ''Jenny!' 'Jenny!' I ani tired of ' Jennv !' She has turned your head with her flirting wayB like a butterfly, and her, yellow hair and her finery. Give your blue ribbon to her, and take her to the fair— for I'll not wear.it !' 'And vou'll not go to the fair either?' said Matt, in tones of suppressed passion. ' Is. that what you mean ?' 'I'll not go with, you,' sho answered, growing cool herself as he grew angry. 'Yet it's likely enough that I may go. .There are plenty of lads who would be glad to take me with no ribbons at all.' With a strong effort: the young man put the curb .upon his tongue, but his face darkened. ' You will go with me or with no one, Meg,' he said. .'This is all non sense — and we to be marriodnext Michael mas 1 But come,' |and he put out his hand to -raise her from the stone. ' It grows dark.' Meg, still angry, but willing to be pacified if she must, allowed him 'to assist ?her, and stood beside her stalwart lover with burning cheeks and downcast .eyes. She rather liked, on the whole, his tacit refusal to defond himself and his masterful way of tolling her it was 'all nonsense.' But just at this moment, as ill luck would have it, a small brown paper parcel dropped from the folds of her shawl. Matt stooped to pick it up. It burstopen, and a yard or two of scarlet ribbon rippled over his Sneers. Now, our poor Meg, not to bo outdone by the fair Jenny, had bought this ribbon her ' Belf that very evening, meaning to wear it to tho fair next week. But it so happened that when Matt went to Mother Marloy's shop to buy his own bluo love-token, he had found Dan Willis there— the only man iii . Rysdyk whoso rivnlship he had over feared. And Dan was ' buying a ribbon precisely like this. Mother Marley had wrapped itin this very piece of paper Matt' was sure, and ho had seen Dan put it in' his pocket and walk off with it. And, now, here it was! . His. gift was spurned, then, and his rival's accepted;, and all Meg's talk about Jenny, was a mere' subterfuge—ran excuso.for a.quorrel. ,It was easy to see, now, why she had. been bo irritable of late, and so prono to. .take offence. ? But * . man could not stand , everything, : wid .if Mag preferred .Dan, Willi* to him, whyi bo be it. Yet, if she would not wear his lovo-tokon, sho cortainly should not wear Dan's. Ho hardly meant to do it ; ho was sorry tho next minuto. But what ho did, .as tho tido of passion swept him off his feet for an instant, was to wind tho two ribbons into a knot and throw them vehemently into tho sea. 'There!' he cried, 'that's settled, once for all.' 'And something olse is settled, too, Matt Erickson,' retorted Meg, in a white heat. ' There will be no marriage for us next Michaelmas— no marriage then, or ever ! You would strike me some day, for aught I know, if I should choose to wear a red knot rather than a blue. I'll not run the risk. I'll havo nothing more to say to you while the stars shine,' and, darting round the cliff, she was half-way down to tho beach before he ever thought of stop ping her. Tho next day, Erickson, magnanimous, great-hearted follow that he was, after all, having gotten over his pet, began to look at their quarrel from Meg's stand- point. It occurred to him that he might have drawn uncalled-for inferences. ? Dan Willis might havo a dozen sweethearts who all liked red ribbons for aught he knew. And now like a fool he had behaved, losing his temper like a hot- headed boy, and throw ing Meg's poor little trinkets over the cliff. No wonder she was afraid to trust him. More than ono husband in Rysdyk was in the habit of beating his wife on as slight a provocation as the hue of a ribbon ; and it was not strange that a high-spirited girl like Meg should decline to run the risk after sho had .onoe seen him in, a fury. As for Jenny — she had come in between him and Meg. He could see it now. But sho was going homo the day after the fair, and he would see Meg that very night and. tell her so. For he did not dream that all was indeed over between thpm. He could hardly wait for the hour to leave the mine. He changed his soiled clothes, atohis. supper hurriedly, and was soon on his way to Meg, stopping as he went to buy another ribbon — red, this time, nnd braider and rioher and handsomer than the one ho had robbed her of. Then he went on through the orooked, scattered little village, till he reached the Widow Neale's cottage,' just on the out skirtsl To his surprise, he found the door locked and the shutters closed. As ho stood still in his perplexity, a , .white headed urchin who was turning somer saults near by shouted, 'Ho you, Matt Erickson ! It's no good to wait there. The widow and Meg have gone away.' ' Gone ? Where ?' ' ' Don't know. To France, like enough there — or to Ameriky— or to London— or somewhere. They.took a big box and a bundle, and I don't know but they'll stay for ever 'n over. Meg said so;' and, I making a rotating wheel of himself, tho ? ? — i „ — Just then the door of the nearest cottage opened and a woman's face looked out. It was growing dark. 'Is it you, Erickson? There's no ono at home in the house there. But I -have something here I was to give when you came this way.' His face was stern and set and white iu the fading light, as he took the little packet from the woman's hand. ' Where have they gone ?' was all he said. 'I don't just know. To visit some of their kinfolk a great way off,' the widow said. 'Oh! but she's a close-mouthed one, she is — and Meg's a bit like her. They're not gossipy folks. You never get much out of them,' Bhe added, with an injured air. ' Not but I've found them good neighbours enough; but they're rather high and mighty for commoners.' As soon as he was out of sight Matthew Erickson opened the packet. Ho knew i] what was in it before he untied the knot, i A string of curiously-carved beads, with a | strange, foreign, spicy odour, that he hadi bought of a wandering sailor, and fastened | round Meg's neck one happy night, and; two or three other trifles he had given her. j And he found this note, slowly and pain-j fullv written,.. badly Bnelled perhaps, and; not punctuated at all. But what of that ?! The meaning was plain enough; all too' plain, Matt thought, as he drew his hand, across his eyes as if to clear .his vision. 'I gave you back your troth last .night. Here, are the beads, and the silver piece, and the. heron feathers. Now all iB over, between us.' Here she had ? evidently, hesitated a moment, wondering if her words were strong enough. For on the. line below sho had written, with an echo from the prayer- book reverberating in her ears, ; 'For ever and over, amen. Margaret' Not Meg, his Meg, his proud, high spirited sweetheart — but Margaret — Mar- garet Neale! It set her . at suoh an im measureable distance over him. 'All is over between us.'' As if sho was dead and buried out of bin sight. And h'o ' had spoken to James Ray about the snug cot-; tage beyond the bay; and they - wero to have been married at Michaelmas ! j He knew enough of Widow Neale's habits to ask' no more questions of the neighbours.; As ono of : them had said, she was close-' mouthed. He know she had a sister living in Scotland for whom Meg was named; but where oven he did hot know. Scotland, was like a distant, foreign land to tho people of Rysdyk. But tho widow had money enough to go to Scotland or farther,' if Bhe wished; even on such short notice. She had never worked in the mines, neither had Meg. She had a comfortable annuity left her' by her old mistress; for sho had soryod in a great family before she married John Neale. Month after month passed. Michaelmas was over, the . winter came and. went, and Rysdyk knew no more of her _ and Meg than when thev left. Tho silence, the void, grew unendurable to.Matt. . With the early spring, he carried , into effect what | had been tho one .dream of his life before ,ho learned to love, Meg. America was the land of promise for miners as well as others; nnd had ho not a friend who Trrnrlrp.l in tho irrpnt irrtn mines at Isli poming, on the shore of the wondorful northern lako that was itself almost as large as all England ? Ho had no father or mother, only a half, uncle, whose house j had been the only homo he had over known. , What :better could ho do than to seek work and forgetfulness together where there would-be nothing to remind him of tho .past ? . So, .when one fine . morning , nearly a year' after her sudden flitting tho neighbours awoke to find tho door, of Widow Neale's cottago ajttr and tho shutters open, tho first bit of, news Meg .heard was that Matt Erickson had gone to. America. It struck her like a. blow. Now.indeedi ho had dropped out of; hor life,, as utterly! as months since she had dropped ojit. of his. For , she, too, had had timo to repent. Almost .before ! the. blue jjjlls.of .Scpj^nd (hadi.da-wned, jjpo»' ,,hef '.sight' she' -,h»-l repenttd in dust and ashes. How foolisn she hod been, liko a child that throws away its bread in a pot and goes to bod hungry. Why had Bhe not worn the bluo ribbon to please her lover, oven if she did not liko it ? As for Jenny — but what non senso was that! Sho would havo been ashamed of Matt if ho had not been kind to her. To bo sure ho hod been cross and thrown away her ribbon. But, then, ho was a man — and men were strong and masterful and could not bear contradiction, and she had angered bim by her foolish persist ence. Ah ! if Bhe could but undo it all, and have her tall, brave, hancfeomo lover book again. Sho would havo turned round, and gone back to Rysdyk tho very next day if she could have had her way. But a journey was a journey to people of their rank and condition, and her mother, who had taken it to please her, and somewhat against her will, was not to bo blown about liko a feather by hor caprices. She had suspected a love quarrel was at the bottom of Meg's sudden and impetuous desire to go imme diately on a visit to her Aunt Margaret in Kilmarnock. But, once being thore, the old lady was determined to have 'the worth of her money' before she went back. She could not afford to go jaunting round tbo country, sho said, as if she wero tho Queen herself with all parliament at her back. When she had her visit out she would go home, and not beforo. Meg was a good girl, but she was a bit hot tempered. This lesson would do her good. But why, do you ask, did not Meg write to her lover, if sho felt she had been in the wrong. Ah, why do not wiser ones than she Sways do the best thing, the right thing ? Besides, she was a woman, and a proud one. After having discarded her lover, she would not forthwith fall at his feet and ask him to marry her. But, ah ! ?she thought, as tho long, slow days wore on, if Bhe were only with him again — if she could only, look upon his face once more, he , would know all without the telling. There was another reason. Writing was ;a hard and unaccustomed task. She could :not talk with her pen. Sometime, if the good God would let her see Matt face to ?face, she would explain ; but she could not write. And now, after all the months of waiting, ;she was back in Rysdyk, but he — he was in It was as if ho had gone out of the world. One day Bhe went to the rectory and asked Miss Agnes to let her look at ,the map of America. The young lady did so, and showed her England also, and tho wide waste of waters that lay between the two. What a speck England was to be sure ! Then she asked to be shown Lake Superior, and Miss Agnes pointed it out, wonder ingly. How far it was ! As far from the sea-board, almost, as the width of the Atlantic itself. She turned away with a long, shuddering Bigh. Hope was dead within her. Matthew Erickson had gone out to her little world into another of which she knew nothing. He would have been nearer if he had been dead. Oaee in a while, as the years went on, at rare intervals, news of him came to Rysdyk. He was well ; he had fair wages, though gold w asnot to be had for the gather ing in America any more than in England; he had been promoted and had charge of a gang o£ men. At length there was a long interval of silence. Then came floating rumours of ill ; then after awhile a letter in a Btrange hand- writing, a letter to his uncle who had died three weeks beforo it came. There had been a bad accident in tho mine — an explosion; and in the effort to save others, Matthew Erickson had him self received dangerous injuries. No one thought he could live. But now, after months, he was slowly recovering, if recovery it could be called. For he was blind. Thepoisonous vapours had destroyed .his sight. It was five yearB since he went away — five years that .had brought many changes to Meg. It was a sobered, thoughtful,: woman, not a hot-tempered girl, who knelt by Widow Neale's side a week after the;. letter came, and Eaid : 'Mother, have I been a good, faithful child to you these many years?' Her' mother looked afc her wonderingly. Two quiet women living alone they were nqt in the habit of being over demonstrative. ' A good child? Why do you ask that, Meg ? There's not. a better . in all Lan cashire!' 'Have Kever vexed you or given you sorrow ? Tell me, mother ?' 'No,' said the Widow Neale, slowly ' Only it vexes me that you will not marry. An old maid's no good, and you; tnnw that two of the best men in Rysdyk worship the very ground, you tread on this; day. I call no names, and I say nothing.; A woman must answer for herself. But I wish you were married, Meg. I've Baved, up a. good penny for your dowry, you know that.' 'Yes,' Bhe Baid, her lips quivering.^ ' Whatever wob tbe reason you did not have Matt Eriokson ?' ; her mother went . oh, querulously. ' You'd have been a proud wife, now, And ho here, hale and hearty.' With a quiok gasp Mog threw up both arms, and then buried her face in her mother's lap, sobbing vehemently while the latter sat. aghast, half frigbtsned at the storm' she had unwittingly raised. At last, she touehed her daughter's hair softly. ' ' Don't, Meg,' she said. '|I did not mean it.' But Meg only drew tbe wrinkled handB about her neck and let her tears flow un checked. At length she looked up. ' It was I who drove him . away— Matt Eriokson,' she Baid. ' We had a little quarrel, just a lew idle woids about a 'ribbon, and I told him in my . silly anger I would have no more to Bay to him while tbo stars I shone. And now they do not Bbine fpr,,him for he IB Dlintt— Mina. uu,,moiner, i cauuut live, I oannot bear it !' Yes- you .will live, obild,' the widow .answered, quiokly'. ' Wo can bear anything, we women. Your father wob brought into me dead— killed in these mines when you were scaroo three yearB old, my Meg, and I am slivo yet.' «' But this is worse than death,' sho cried, passionatoly. ' ' Mother, do you hear ? He who was my plighted husband ^is blind, in a far, strange oountry. I must go and bring him home— homo to Rysdyk.' She had risen from her mother's arms, and stood, beforo her in the moonlight^ pale, resolute, with her hands clasped rigidly. ' Givo mo my dowry, mother, und. lot me go,' sho said. 'Do not deny mo this thing P I am well and strong and, if I do say it, I am quiok-witted. I oan make my ' way. I, como baok safely. Let mo go, .mother!' ' It is not your placo, Meg. Let someone olse go.' 'Who? Toll mo that! Has ho' father, pr brother, or undo ? Who is thero to go t' , ' But — it's not right maidonly to go off after a lover, Mog. What will the folks gay P And — would you marry a blind man?' ' MaidenlyjP.lt, IB maid&nly; to do right,', said Meg, sturdily^ her brown cheek, flushing. ' What do I care for ^he folk P I am not a' young girl to drop my eyes and ,bo shame faced beoauso folk will talk. Thoy always talk. And as for marrying— it is not of marriago I am thinking now ; it is of bring- . . ing Matt Eriokson— he whom I drove away ' by my ill doing — back safe to his own country — ' She hesitated a moment and then went on: 'But Til not play false with you, mother. He'll not ask me to marry him. But I shall know. If he wants me after all that's past, he shall have me, and I'd take oare of him till 1 die.' Their talk.laBted far into the night.. But with it we have no more to do, nor with the details by whioh a little money wa3 to bo ' made to go a great way. For, after many tears, the-widow consented that Meg should ? take her dowry and spend it as she chose. If they had been worldly-wise they would have accomplished their purpose through the agenoy of others. As it was they saw no way than for Meg to do herself the thing she wanted done. Ob, that weary, weary -journey! Why was the world bo -wide, the way so long? Meg kept up a brave heart until the boisterous ocean was orossod and she had made her way as far as Baffalo, where she had been told to take tbe steamer for Marquette. It seemed to her that she had travelled the ' width of the whole wide earth already, since her foot first fell upon the soil oi the strange, new world. 'Is this Lake Superior, sir?' she ?asked, timidly, of a polioeman, as ehe left the cars and saw the waters of Lake Erje stretching away iu the distanoe. ' And oan yoa tell ' me, are we near Ishpsming P' 'Oh! no, my girl, this is Erie. Lake ! .Superior is way up north, hundreds of miles ' from here. Ishpeming? Never hoard of suoh a plaoe. Bat here's your steamer il you're going up that way.' Her heart sank like lead. Would she ever, ever reach the end ? All day, and day after day she sat silently in the bow of the ' boat, gazing steadily -forward. On, on, till Erie was passed — oh' through lovely 'Sfc; :Clair with its softly rounded shores and ? fairy islands — then up throughLake Huron, ? stijl struggling up, as it were, past towering, frowning heights, past stretches of interminable -forest, past rocky head lands, past sandy beaches, through tortu ous channels and devious ways, into the wild rapids of the Saut St. Marie. Then at laBt Superior ! grand, weird, majestic in its awful Bilences, Bweepmg on between its mighty, far-stretohing Bhores, dark as the ocean, resistless as the grave. Where was she going ? Would she ever find Matt ? Sailing on and on — penetrating nature's seoret placeB, where the foot of man had never trodden. So it seemed to her. Could human kind live in these vast, wild, wild wildernesses ? ' It was like a new birth, when aftfir many days the steamer entered £be beautiful bay of Marquette, and the fair young city roBe before hor astonished eyes, its while cliffs gleamed in the Bun, its green shores sweeping down ward tp the water's edge. She was near her goal at last. . ' For Iebpeming was but twenty;miles upon the railroad, and thither she went by the first train. Howiroqgh.ond wild it all was ? And how the. oharred .and : blackening pine treeB towered aloft like grim giants, and pointed their ghaBtly fingers at her as she swept through their solitudes ! 'Can vou tell me where. to find a. man called Matthew Eriokson ? she aflked oi the depot-master, trembling from head to foot. ' Erickson P Erickson? Blown up in the mines a year or bo ago, wasn' t 'he P He stays at Sam Ayres, the Englishman's; I believe. Justyer go round that corner; ma'am, then turn to the right and go up tbe -hill — or stay! Let me lock up here and I'll go with you. Ever been in Ishpeming before P No P I thought you looked like a stranger in these parts.' He left her at Sam Ayre's /gate, having opened it .gallantly when he -saw that her cold fingera^were unfit to doher bidding. A kindly-faced woman came to the door and bade her welcome. Meg's story was soon told. ' And you have come alone, all: this long way to take Erickson home .again ?' her eyes filling. 'God bless, you, dear, for I am Bure He sent you. We've done the best -we could for -him, 'but — you are -hia sister ?' 'No. I am a friend— a neighbour. There was no ono else,' she said, simply. , 'What's your name P I'll tell him. ' No matter about the name ; say a friend from the old country.' Tho woman came back presently. 'Beoaroful,' she said, 'he's weak yet. But I want to tell you something j ust to keep you up, for ho looks liko a ghost. There was a great doctor from New York up here last week to look at his poor eyes, and ,he told Sam thero was a chance for him yet— just one chance in a hundred.' 'Does he know it?' asked Meg, tremu lously, her oolour coming and going. ? She was but a woman after all. Only blindness would havo brought her here. . '.' No, and you must not tell ,him. The doctor said so most particular. Will you go ironow?' He had been Bitting in the sun by the lo^ff window all day brooding, brooding. They|bad been very kind to him, , these. Jpeople, but even kindness wears itself ,otit after a while. What was to become of him ? Tho wageB he had , laid up were wasting away. The early northern winter would, soon set tin. Ho shivered as .he ihonght of the fierce winds, tbe pitiless, !driftipg snow. Thore was noth ing a blind, man oonld do here. If he were only at;home in Rysdyk! Would Meg be sorry for him, he. wondered, if she knew how desolate, he:.,wBB, howjpoely in this straiige land ? Iti he were -at .home he could leatn-to weave .baskets like .old Tiraotby. Here .-be was just, a, dead .weight. 'Some one .to. soo , him from ,the ,old country?!', .-He turne.d:hissightlMs,-syes ..towards tjhe ?door .where ;Meg waa entering noiseless i m a spirit, und. his foae . kindled .eagerly. Noiselessly she alosed. the door, behind hor. He was so changed, ; so .white , and worn, that her.own heart stopped, its pulsation for a moment. 'She feared .any euddan shock might overcome . him. She dare .not speak lest . lie should know 'her voioo. Strange that.ohe'had inot thought of this ?before 1 He put out -his hand vaguely, feeling the presence that ho could not see. ' ' You' aro very -welcome/' ho ? said. ?' 'But 'I do not know.who it is- Who are you'?' : He thought it was somo kind 'English man, who hawing heard of his -misfortunes had come to speak a word of ' cheer and comfort. '_' '? ' She gavo 'him hor 'hand; Btill Bilently. A woman's' hand ! A 'Bwift thrill shot through his frame, and his face flushed. Holding herself still with a mighty effort, Meg knelt by his Bide, laying 'her head upon his knee. . . j His, hand, touched h«r hair, her forehead, her lips'. 'She' 'gavo a'low ory, trembling liko a leaf. ' ; ' v'; ' Speak, to me; qui^k,' ho whispered, hoarsely, ' ? ',Matt!' ' ' ; R. Dorr, m Saturday Afitmton, - 