THE WEEK. I THE debate on the Financial'Statement bas occupied two evenings in the Legislative Assembly, but is not yet concluded, an adjournment till Tuesday next having been agreed to in order to allow hon. members to have their say upon it. Most of the leading members have already spoken, but Mr. Archer has yet to speak on the subject, and Mr. M'llwraith lias to reply. The ex Premier (Mr. Donglas) spoke during the debate on Wednesday night, and concluded by moving as an amendment that the proposals mode to meet the present and anticipated deficiencies in the revenue are insufficient and unsatisfactory. The Premier at once accepted this as a want of confidence motion, and moved the adjourn- ment of the House. The leader of the Opposition (Mr. Griffith), however, disavowed any previous knowledge of the motion, (nd said it had been brought on without the con- currence of the party. He himself was anxious that the debate should continue. The conduct of Mr. Douglas in this matter is .extraordinary ana needs ex- planation, meanwhile we are left to surmise the reasons which led bim to ignore the leader of the party with which he has been associated, Are we to understand that a rupture has occurred between the ex leader and the present head of the party, or has the former been guilty of nothing more than an act of inadvertence, for which amends may he made by a simple apology to hon. members on his own side! However that may be, the motion, taken on its merits, was ¡Ü-advÍBed, and if pressed to a division would only serve to show the confidence entertained by the House in the Treasurer's proposals. TUE fate of Mr. Norton's motion for stop- ping improvements in the navigation of the Fitzroy River was only what that hon. gentle- man might have expected, and our Gladstone friends who are so solicitous for the welfare of Rockhampton will understand that in the railway vero» river question, the weight of evidence is against the making of sixty or seventy miles of railway for traffic which is already fairly provided for by water car- riage, and which will be still better pro- vided for by the completion of the river works now in progress. To divert the trade of the district to Gladstone by rail it will be necessary to block up the Fitzroy, and we cannot believe that even Mr. Norton would go so far as to ask Parliament to eanction such an extreme measure as that. OK ordinary occasions the arrival of an addition of 306 souls to onr population would be regarded with feelings of satisfaction ; but just now, when pastoral industries are con- tracted, trade restricted, and the demand for labour very much reduced, their arrival will probably for the time being intensify the pre-' vailing dulnesB. On the other hand, it is just possible that the immigrants may be absorbed into the community sooner than is anticipated, as employers are aware that through the stop- page of immigration this is the last opportunity for a considerable time they will have of obtaining this class of labour. There are not wanting, signs that a revival of confidence in pastoral and agricul- tural pursuits is about to take place, as several purchases of station property have lately been made and inquiry is brisker for eligible pro- perties than it has been for a considerable time previously. The inflexible determination of the Government, also, to maintain economy, combined with the assurance of a vigorous pushing forward of reproductive works, must soon restore industry to ita usual activity, and the probability is that before twelve months the colony will have entered on a new era of Íirosperity. With these convictions, there ore, we are glad to welcome the new comers, who must do the best for themselves they can, but who may be assured that the result of perseverance, even if attended with a little ' roughing it, will obtain for them before long the success they came so far to seek. PROCEEDINGS at the Police Court have not been very lively daring the «eek, os on Saturday, Monday, and Thursday, there were no cases for hearing. On Tuesday one inebriate was ordered to pay five shillings, and another, who bad also been imprudent in his conduct, was fined ten shillings. Â case of breach of the Impounding Act was dismissed, and Benjamin Armitage fined ona shilling for a breach of the bye-laws. This individual was under the impression that it was unneces- sary for his "nanny " to wear Mr. Caporn's ornamental appendage so long as she was kept within bounds, but his ideas on the subject were demolished on receipt of n summons. A drunkard was fined on Wednesday, and a man named Charles Edward Pickup (suggestive name) was remanded for three days on a charge of embezzlement from his employers Messrs. Frank Taylor and Co. On the follow- ing day the charge sheet disclosed no offences. IN the way of amusements, townspeople have no cause for grumbling, there being certainly variety enough. Miss Stephenson's Company have been playing during the week to audiences far less numerous than the talents of the company deserved. This is much to be regretted, as the management is under a constant and considerable expense to provide a high-class entertainment. In the Sresent instance, the loss to Miss Stephenson oeB not arise from lack of public apprecia- tion, but from the temporarily superior attractions of the Ghost illusions, which from their novelty have drawn crowded houses. Burton's Circus is on its way to the North, and will also perform here on its return. FINE weather has prevailed in Rockhamp- ton during the week, and a similar report has been received from almost all the meteoro- logical stations. The only rainfall reported was at Cooktown and Clermont, where O'lO inch fell at the former and 0'30 inch at the latter place ; but at latest advices it was raining at Cairns, Yaamba, Clermont, Copper- field, Georgetown, and " Port Douglas. At Rockhampton thc nights, although cold have not yet touched thc freezing point, 37 degreeB being the lowest temperature of which we have heard. Yesterday thc weather looked gloomy and a few drops of rain fell. In the country the appearance of the gross bears evidence of thc winter, but there ¡8 abun- dance of feed and water for cattle, and the season has hitherto been all that could be desired. INTELLIGENCE received this week of the progress of the London-Colonial wool sales is re-aBsuring. Prices have been well sustained throughout the sales, with a hardening ten- dency, and an advance hos at length taken place of one halfpenny per lb. on greasy and also on scoured wools. The stocks are being well cleared off, aud at the next series a further recovery in prices may be looked for. PRUNING TREES.-NOW is the time to prune fruit trees, if uot already done. They should always be pruned while in a state of rest just before the sap begins to ascend; and, in our climate thin year, an uneually cold season, and trees generally now dormant, this work Bnould be done without further delay. There can be no better rule for pruning fruit-bearing trees than that scriptural rule applied to tbe ftmrihtal maru It reads thus: " Every branch tb at hearcth no fruit I cut away, and every branch that hearcth fruit I purge (1 prune) th.it, it may bring forth mare fruit.* Tins scripture teaching anplied to our system of pruning is the correct system. Every wund or sappy brand) that never bears fruit must be cut away, and every branch that bear* fruit should be pruned or shortened so as to produce larger, better and finer fruit. In our visits to orchards and gardens wc do not find ouc tree in twenty that ia scientifically nr so properly pruned as t<> produce the best quality or crop of fruit.-"ulifomiaH l\irmn\ 