THE MESSAGE TO THE CHURCHES. November 30.—Afternoon. Golden Text, ver 11.—Reading, Rev. iii. 1—13. Messages direct from the risen and living Christ were sent to seven of the churches founded by the apostles in Asia Minor. To seven probably as representing all of them, according to the usual Bible method of employing the number 6even. From the seven passages our lesson selects two as representative ones, as specimens of all. This suggests the two divisions under which we may set the lesson. I. Sardis receives blame and warning. II. Philadelphia receives praise and counsel. Remember that the pervading thought which is to give colour and tone to all the teaching should be this :--Christ is ever present with us, though unseen. Our private life and our church life are both lived under His constant inspection. "He walketh ever among the golden candlesticks." Then what does He watch to find ? Observe also the construction of each of these little epistles. There is first some representation of Christ Himself, which indicates the relation in which He must stand to the Church. (Compare these different representations). Then there is the result of Christ's inspection, with counsels acsording. Then the epistle closes with some specially adapted and graciously encouraging promise. I. Sardis receives blame and warning. Give some account of Sardis. Points—capital of kingdom of Lydia. Famed for its wealth in time of Croesus. One of the twelve cities destroyed by earthquake in the time of Tiberius, A.D. 17*. Inhabitants bore ill-repute among the ancients for their voluptuous habits of life. Its principal worship that of the great goddess-mother, Cybeie, which tended to encourage sins of a dark and foul impurity. Sardis is now a miserable village, called Sart, or Sart-Ealassi, amid the ruins of the ancient city. 1\. The form in which Jesus presents Himself to Sardis (ver. 1)—" He that hath the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars." The seven Spirits represent the full effusion of the Holy Ghost ; the " seven stars" represent the complete circle of the Christian ministers and teachers. So, by this vision of Himself, Jesus reminds the Church how absolutely dependent for its spiritual completeness it iB on the grace which He can give. . Just what this Church needed was to be recalled to its entire dependence on the living and present Saviour and Lord. They had fallen through self-confidence and by this they were still deceived and deluded. . Show and illustrate that " leaning on Christ" is the great life lesson all have to learn. , 2, The fault Jesus found with Sardis (ver. 1). Observe how Jesus went to the „ very root of the evil. No surface fault is this. It had the name of a Christian < Church, and yet the tru$.life of faith and love to ChriBt was paralyzed, dying, almost dead in them. This was generally true of the people, but perhaps in a special sense true of its bishop or minister. Illustrate how still we may keep up profession, and yet liave no real life of faith. This is but like sticking living branches on a dead trunk. 3\. I he warnings Jesus gave to Sardis (ver. 2,3). Care for those things of spiritual life that are dying ; take care lest they also die, and you come into the divine judgment on the dead. By repentance you may even quicken again the things that are dead. Jesus says, "I see, beware" lest I should he compelled to come to take away even the name of those who are already dead." 4\. The encouragements Jesus sends to Sardis (ver. 4—6). Loving recognition of the lew faithful ones, and gracious assurance to (hem (ver. 4). Promise to seal with, the eternal whiteness all who strive to overcome. Offer to keep the name of such iu the Book of Life ; and the assurance that their name, ns faithful ones, should bo confessed before the Father. This epistle is treated somewhat fully to show how both parts of the lesson may be dealt with. On the second part we only give the bare BUgges- II. Philadelphia receives praise and counsel (ver. 7—13). On the plan note it was the second city of Lydia, 25 miles S.E. of Sardis. It is now a Turkish town, Allah Stelir, the city of God. A centre of the wine trade. Population mainly heathen. Of all the seven churches it had the longest duration of prosperity as a Christian city. 1\. The form in which Jesus presents Himself to Philadelphia (ver. 7). It presents Christ's full sympathy with a Church that tried to be holy ; and assured them that they were altogether in His loving control who held " the key," so they need fear nothing. No one could hinder or hurt them. 2\. The praise Jesus gives to Philadelphia (ver. " A littlo strength." It had witnessed for Christ when witness was peril. 3\. The counsel Jesus sends to Philadelphia (ver. 4\. The promises and encouragement to Philadelphia (ver. 9,10,12,13). The promises in ver. 13 are probably suggested by the rewards which awaited the victors in the great Grecian games. The pillar and the inscribed name go along with the laurel crown. See commentaries for this. Impress this truth—Christ asks "patient continuance in well doing." His promise is "to him thatovercometh." And "He that endureth unto the end shall be saved." This is the truth set forth by the Golden Text (ver. 11). ROBERT TUCK. " I don't know that praying need be any harder work than looking at the mercury," was the reply. " Most Christians think it is; very few are as regular in acts of devotion as you seem to be in your work." " The resson must be that they are not sufficiently interested to form the habit. I have a sort of passion for this work—you might call it a hobby; and it has been followed so long, and the habit has become so strong, that I should wake up when the hour comes round, even if I were in the soundest sleep." "I fear very few Christians seek to form similar habits of prayer." "They ought to. I have often felt condemned for coming short in that matter. I have often thought, when noticing the changes of temperature as indicated by the thermometer, that it would be well if we had a spiritual thermometer which should indicate every change in our spiritual temperature. Our spiritual changes are often very great and very sudden. The sad thing is that the temperature sometimes falls very low before we become aware of it.*' " I don't know that the fact is owing so much to the want of apparatus as to the want of watchfulness. Have we not, in the faculties we possess and the means of grace we enjoy, all the apparatus needed ?" How true it is that the means of grace may be regarded as spirirual thermometers, which indicate our spiritual temperature. Th* Bible, the closet, the prayer-meeting, the sanctuary, all furnish tests of our spiritual condition. When we take up our Bible and fail to be interested in it, when it seems like an old and wearisome book, it is a sad sign of spiritual declension. When the prayer-meeting is neglected, and attendance upon it and the sanctuary is irksome, it ought to alarm us and to lead to repentance. When the closet, on the other hand, is our loved place of resort, when we delight in meditation and are glad in God's house, it is a sure indica tion of a .evived heart. How truly we have our spiritual thermometers, and if we formed the habit of resorting to these means of grace regularly, at times and places with which nothing should interfere, we would have a constant record of spiritual temperature which would save us from many a sad declension and bitter re- pentance.— American Messenger. 