CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARK'S. THE rite of confirmation, the second land mark in the church history, of the indi vidual members of the Episcopalian com munion, was celebrated by his Lordship, the Bishop of Melbourne, at St. Mark's church, on Thursday evening. A rite from which in its contemplation,*every idea of spectacu lar display is to be eliminated and regarded solely in its solemn import, for as man in the exercise of a conscious being, knows full well that he is not a mere creature of a day-like unto the beasts that perish, so in his higher life, he realizes that for him the epicurean dictum, "let us eat drink and be merry, for to-morrow we die" is far too narrow, and that with the possession of great opportunities, comes also that of great responsibilities, acknowledging and accepting which, he, by this public act, rati fies the same and further determines, in a strength greater than his own, that hence forth, alike in a busy mart and temple arch, he will be God's faithful soldier and ser vant, unto death. Following the English custom, and one which will doubtless greatly facilitate, by its economy of time, the administration of the affairs of the diocese, his Lordship has grouped several churches together, choosing on this occa sion the old parish church of St. Mark, as a centre. The church was densely crowded, and after an abridged evening service, the Bishop delivered an impressive address to the candidates, - breiefly reviewing the foundation of the Christian Church, from the time when the angel heralds an nounced the truth of its Divine founder, tracing that life through the various stages of ,that ensample of godly life, with its ef fects culminating in His very death, a death which was nevertheless a revivifying thereof, followed by the outpouring on that Pentecostal morn of the Holy Ghost. Aud further, that all the benefits arising there from were offered in baptism, as an open djor, to be afterwards embraced as the free choice of the recipients of that Sacrament by faith therein, a faith which he exempli fied by an analysis of the Apostles' Creed, a belief, not of abstractions but of facts, as proving the fundamental doctrines of the Church. A belief in God, not merely as al mighty, but above all as their Father through Christ, who verily suffered; whose soul as apart from the body descended into Hades, the place of departed spirits, who verily rose again, which resurrection was most conclusively proved by the quicken ing of the soul, dead in sin. A belief which demanded both renunciation of all contrary thereto, and a service of all agree able to the same. His Lordship then pro ceeded, by the laying on of hands to confirm 152 candidates from the churches repre sented, viz.:-St. Philip's, 37 ; St. Luke's, 24; St. Saviour's, 40; St. Matthew's (Prahran), 1; St. Mark's, 50. Finally re minding them that as, by the yearly cele bration of the Feast of the Passover, the Jews were reminded of their great national deliverance, so by the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper the Christian Church were continually reminded of a Saviour's dying love and a parting promise, " Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the days." Exhorting them never to omit the partici pating in that spiritual feast. The Revs. J. Caton, B. Rhodda, C. M. Yelland and I. B. Barlow as the incumbents presented their respective candidates. 