jA.rchbish.op Vaughan De fending the Pastoral Letter. .Si is estimated that fully 3000 persons assembled ja£ St. Mary's Prp-Cathedi- al last Sunday evening, Soliear.His Gracu Arcbbkhop Vauglian road and jexplain or support the Homan Cfitholie pa6toral .{letter. Several well-known citizens not of the KSatholic perauj_ioft wera present, and the greatest iinterest was manifested in the proceedings. -tAfter the -usual vesper ceremonial Ma -Jrace /entered the tshvuch, and as customary with him When addressing tho congregation, took hit phibe in -tfrout of the nJtar. He began by remarking th&t;, no ^louBtjinost ot tnoae ?waoni ne waB about to addreBB :^iad- already read the pastoral in tho newspaper, jbut that he had thoucht it advisable to read ?St himself in ths cathedral church, and his 'Giaoe then jiroceedcd to do so, making en jfassa.nl isome important observations. He said that, before jjjroaeeding -witb. tUft pastoral, he would mnto one premark. He said the Catholic church was governed (by the successor of St. Peter and tho jbishops who ,-wero in communion with tna. 1b was their belief that us regards the church when she spoke through the Supreme Pontiff, ex icrciEing bis f acuity of universal love to the t aiih* jful, and laying down truths necegsary to salva tion, her teaching, through the dirocti'fln of the iHoly Ghost, was infallibly true. They believed it fwas absolutely true; they held it as absolute 'truth. Now, from time to time errors arose in tho (World, fcom one account or another, and the feupreme Pontiff, tho successor of Peter, in his Siigh watch tower, was talcing account of the storms that were gathering, and waa issu 5ng tho warnings and teachings to the Catholic world. At tho present time W10 world was progressing, as all Ernst 3mow, tln-ough indifferentism to absolute Infi delity, and the grenfc instrument that Infidels ciioso in those days -was not 60 much the stake and the gibbet as tlie education of the young, — educat- ing them in a manner, not according to the soligious beliefs. thoy held, — but sons to ennMe jfchcni to make a little money by their Ijooke and' ifully «njoy this life, acting rightly and truly no doubt, ono TriU\ another, hi\t not directing them to, or preparing them for, that bnd which must come, and of wliich they 3mew e6 little. Tho man in the watch tower, seeing this great evil, was warning the faithful ; seeing this breaking up and melting down going on on all Rides, was warning them of the rock ahead. The Catholics know in what they foolieved; their opponents did not say Oiat they were paltry in a double sense ; that they feared jaccusation or criticism, argument or inquiry ; but ius might from tima to timo be euen, from inewspaper articles, the writers of -which were not known, there wero individuals j\vho sought to condemn the bishops Of the ?Church wlien they explained the teachings of the (Almighty as they knew them, and who presumed Slot merely to assume the place of tho bishops, hut ?who iuiagiuod it to he their faculty to instruct jpopo and bishop and people also. He (tho Arch 5-ishop) thought that the Catholics of the world find those of this colony would rather listen to ond follow tho sound and proper teaching of meia who had withdrawn themselves from the pleasures of the world — and there wero pVosiyes of the world — that they might devote themselves to the service of the people to savo their souls — ? would rather listen to men. whose characters ttnd principles were known to tho public and the peo ple, than bo led by anonymous loader writers who imagined thoy were teaching the truth, but who did not bboiu to have that unanimity others found in the universal church — who behind the screens ?of the anonymous were performing their secular task in life. His Grace then weut on to say that the archbishop and bishops, in groat distinctness and clearness of words, had prepared the jpnstorul, which wns in aeoord with tho teachings and doctrines of the wido-spread church of God. Tho Archbishop thuu proceeded to read the pastoral, referring to that part where an ex tract was given from a letter, written by Pope Pius to the Archbishop of Freiburg with respect to secular education. His Grace was understood to remark that the extract waa (riven merely to show . fchoprim?ir.lnHHTir3 tandiinga of the Ca.ttic.llrt Church —to show that what they (tho bishops) liad put. forth was not for this man or that man, not for this or that movement, hut what waa taught from tho first till last, applied hero and thero as tbo caae required, and enforced cow . as necessary, on account of the rising evils of the day ; so that while condemning those schools they wore not giving their own views, but merely stating tho doctrines of the Church 1 to do otherwiso they would not bo Catholics. What the Pope wrote to Archbishop of Freiburg must be believed, and was believed throughout tho Catholic world. What the Catholics wanted was to get equality and fair play in the most import ant matter of the education of the young ; and for himself, ho would devoto all his energies, spend himself in the effort to obtain not more than others bad, but obtaining -what they had a right to as iuembers of the community. With all his strength ho would persovero in the great work. When he [landed in this colony ho said ha would do two {things — build tho cathedral and attend to the (education of the people. In respect of the first jthey knew what was being done, and now that Ithe education -iues1ien was raised, he would do Ihis best to get fair play for tho people. Coming. ( |to another part of the pastoral, the Archbishop iasked his hearers to remember what their fathers. ;and forefathers suffered for the faith. What Jwould the present slight inconveniences be Jin comparison with that? Their fathers ]liad suffered years of misery and degradation, jiu the world's eyes — and could not hia hearers, the (Catholics of the country, make a littla sacrifice. Be knew what his fathers had suffered. Thoy had [suffered even more in England for' their faith than . jin Ireland. They had given up all they posaessed an this world ; liad Buffered m flesh 'and loat in blood; had been freely wounded, and hod freely ibled; rather than compromise their faith. He did «incerely believe that in time, perhaps not this iyear, nor the next, but in time, they would get the 'justice they demanded; and if not ha should ihave the satisfaction of feeling that he had been endeavouring to attain that great object. At another part of the pastoral, hia 'Grace said he believed there was* in the com munity such a strong sense of fair play — such a fair feeling among moat men (no matter of what religion — probably of no religion) among tholr fellow men, that very many would honestly help ithe Catholics if thoy knew what tho Catholioa be lieved — if they knew that OatJwlios regarded their religion as absolute in its truth — that they maintained, and ever would maintain it was abso lute in truth. To him (the Archbishop) they jwould say, well he has done his lwst iThis was the first time wo had any ireal idea of the injustice ydu suffered under., \- When those . men of fair play knew that he- would drop down or be struck dead rather than deny that faith of his; when they knew that Catholics could not deny what they felt and knew |to be the truth ; when they knew them to be not content with the 'well, we are getting on troll ienough ' principle, they woald say *? Well, you jare a strange peoplo ; we will stand by you j you Shall have what is right, have a quota of what you jpay.' Ho believed they -would make more oppo nents by not doing thoir best in this matter. If he (the Archbishop) had not done what he had, . [why the writer of every paper, with his cigar in jhis mouth and his bottle of brandy on the table, .rwould bo laugliing at hini. Those men of the IPress knew as well when a man was in earnest as ? ithe man did liimsolf; they would be ridiculing ptiim, and laughing at both him and them for torn-, ??{porising and pandering to the support of a penny or a twopenny or a threflpenny newspaper. What ?the Catholics would liave to do waa act as- elec- tors, see that Catholics were on tho rolls, and 'then go bodily in support of men pledged not to (instruction, but education, which meant instruc tion -with lnorality. All they asked them was simple justice. The Archbishop then referred to ' those persons who were bending to the eoculariste and adopting a temporising policy, and went on to use those prophetic words. The bishops had us ed the words 'aolvontsof Christianity.' Tha secu lar system was a slow poison by -which it was hoped . Christianity —as to be swept sway — not In our kimo— but perhaps at some not very dUtanbperiod. And he would prophesy this. Tho Oatholio Church would become concohdatod into tho hardness ot adamant, and developing throughout tho world. When thoy would find the Anglican Church, if H continued with sooular education, would be. aplit up into eentfl — ha did not know what kind ot sea^s ?—but divided into eeota. until ftti-st those Muat* would tend towards indifferentismiin religion alto gether; and then they would tend towards com plete infidelity, and then to paganism. He knew what waa going on. Ho had been teaching very many years, and though he had been only five years in this colony I16 Baw clearly what was going on to rise in the future of this bright young nation. Tha Archbishop then referred to tho present law, allowing one hour's religious instruction, and said the men who Bpoke to him of that insulted his intelligence ; to think that a boy and giil, human beings, prone to evil, could bu moulded into upright moral citizens by one hour'e instruction ; why, a taker would require moratime than that to shape and prepare o, piece of common dough. The Archbishop then eoid tho Catholics hero were asking for nothing moro than they wero oskinjj andL obtaining; in England «nd Ireland, trhero tho valiant champion* of morality -r*ru tibvcr at 'Teat in their opposition in the secularist tendencies of the oga. They wanted payment by tesulta, and why if these schools produced tho same results «s the secularist grammar schools, should they not get equal (support from the fund to which they con tributed. His. Grace, in conclusion, said ne be lieved the 'words of /the pastoral would touch the Catholics 0? Australia,, and influence them at once in withdravin$ their children from secularist schools. Tha. remarks of tho Archbiehop were listened to with rapt attention throughout. 