THE STORY-TELLER. MI LAND OF BEULAH. Chapter XV. — (Continued.) It was late at ni -ht before I reached the station, and I was weak and weary as, jolting along the uneven conntry roads in the dark ness, the misery of it all — the awful searing misery of it all — came back upon me with renewed bitterness ; but the dull aching across my eyes no longer blinded me, and my hands were no more cold and trembling. Every turn of the wheels took me one step farther from Eulalie and from Roy, and one step nearer to my dear Miss Mary. There was comfort in both these thoughts. At last we reached the big white gates that led into Summerfield avenue, and the driver of the fly alighted from his perch to open them ; a proceeding I quickly prevented, and to his no small surprise paid him his fare, slipped through the small gate at the side, and left him standing1 in the road, doubtless cogitating within himself whether he should get into trouble fcr letting a young woman wander at her own sweet will into Summerfield Rookery, instead of being driven up to the front door like a well- eon- ducted young Englishwoman ought to have been. The grass was soft beneath my feet ; the pale shimmer of the star-shine was overhead ; the trees stirred gently in the night breeze. The rooks, those cheerful chatterers, were gone to bed, and not a single caw greeted me as I passed under the tall fir-trees, that were black against the purple sky. The old hall was never locked until Miss Maria herself, before retiring, solemnly turned the key and slipped the big bolt into its socket, while Miss Mary held the candle ; and now I knew that this ceremony had not been gone through, for the three low win dows of the drawing-room were all alight, and these was a pale green glimmer through those of the hall that told of my old friend, the Proligal, in the various phases of his eventful life. My footfall, quiet as it was, must hare disturbed the dreams of the birds that were asleep in the hawthorn bashes, for from here and there came sleepy twitterings, ! and the laint, soft rustling of folded wings. As I stood there on the lawn, taking in the peaci and quiet of it all, chime ! chime ! chime ! mng sweetly out the Bromley tower, and thert came the three falling notes that told the nuarter, that as a child I UBed to listen for when the big bell had done, I crept to the window where the roses tapped against the panes with their long arms, ana where no blind chanced to be drawn. There, at a table covered with papers and account-books, sat Miss Maria, her deport ment in as vigilant a state as though twenty- nve young ladies were looking on and learn ing hoy tp sit becomingly and gracefully at jrftmgjtable. There, too, was the dear old basket made of bonnet-straw and shaped ! like a boa, the boat that had once haunted oy delirijus fancies. At the other , side of beam, with a shadedlamp so placed as to throw its light upon the canvas, sat Miss | Mary, bending over the tambour- frame, her ringlets fallina about her gentle face as of old, but now almost as white as Miss Maria's i bunches of stiff up piled curls. The sister who had completed the family triangle was of course gone, and a smile trembled on my lips as I thought of the vicar and Miss Jane in the characters of bride and bridegroom. One circumstance struck me with dismay. Miss Maria and Miss Mary both wore the deepest possible mourning. They would never cover themselves with crape in that way for Miss 'Dosia,' I thought. 'Who can it be for?' 6 Just then Miss Mary looked up— to answer some words of her companion's, I imagine and smiled. It was the same dear smile, with something of sadness in its gentleness, that had met my baby eyes as I sat huddled np in a disconsolate heap in one corner of the window-seat the first time papa left me at school ; the same smile that had inspired me then to put my arms round my new friend's neck and cuddle her in a fresh burst of weeping, that nevertheless held the ele ments of comfort to come. A sob rose in my throat as I saw it now. Like a bird that had flown from the parent ne3t, only to find itself buffeted by rough winds and beaten down by storm and rain, I was fluttering back with ruffled, draggled plumage and dim eyes, back to my haven of rest. I turned the handle of the hall-door as softly as I could, but Polly's grey head was lifted from beneath her wing for all my caution. ' Oh, you naughty girl !' she whispered, hoarsely. What dye want — what d'ye want ? And then she was silent, lolling out her black tongue, and looking at me askance, with her head all on one side. Maybe something in the white misery of my face frightened even Polly. 4 What did I want ?' Why, I wanted the same sweet measure that was meted out to me long since, when the bee stung me. I wanted sympathy and comfort. How like it was to the olden memories — the memories with which I be gan this simple homely story of mine ! I pushed open the drawing-room door, and then in one quick moment I was kneeling by Miss Mary's knee, with my arms about her neck, and my face against her breast ; while Miss Maria, springing to her feet, for the second time in this history upset the straw boat, scattering its store of keys in all directions. My child ! Nell ! Nell ! where have you come from ?' cried Miss Mary. ' Oh, sister, she is going to faint. Pick up the kys and get some brandy, do.' 4 No, no,' I said, trembling from head to foot, and my teeth chattering so that I could hardly get the words out ; 4 i'm not going to faint ; I'm only tired and weary ; and, oh, Miss Mary, never send me away from you again ! Do you remember, when the bee stung me, how you pitied me and gave me all the comfort you could ? Give me that comfort now — the comfort of your love and pity ; for something has stung me now — stung me cruelly — and the sting is in my heart this time.' Whatever it may do in the time to come, suffering, in the first blush of its intensity, makes us selfish. We think that no one has ever been so deceived, so treacherously dealt with, so cruelly misconstrued ; our eyes are blinded to all things save that black c'oud of misery that looms above our own heads ; our ears are deaf to all the wailing voices of earth's thousand plaints, save the one pierc ing cry that rises frpm our own hearts. My suffering made me selfish. Far on into that night — far on towards the morning that fol lowed, did I give myself up to the luxury of telling the tale of my many woes, and let my heart drink in the wine of sympathy and the oil of a loving pity given with no niggard hand. The part that Eulalie had played in the drama seemed to distress the sisters keenly. 4 We are partly to blame, I fear,' said Miss Mary, with a quiver of the lip ; 'we had some reason to think that she was not truthfnl, and not quite — quite honest in her dealings.' And here this dear gentlewoman's cheek flushed with the shame of bringing such an accusation against a sister-woman. 'But we had no certain proof; we con sulted with Daniel, and he gave us the best of his counsel. We shrank from ruining the prospects of a girl so completely defenceless as Eulalie ; and, then, her mother had been so kind long since to poor dear Charley. We had no prooff, yon see, child ; what could we do?' 4 Only what you did,' I answered ; 4 and then yon never thought she would have done as she has done.', 4 She has done very ill ; she has been a bad genius in your life that we tried to make so happy ; she has brought sorrow and suf fering on you, Nell ; bat yet, darling ' Then she hesitated. I had been sitting in a big, low chair by the cheery fire, lying back luxuriously, and soothed by a sense of my surroundings being all thoroughly sympathetic ; bat now I left my cosy place, and once more knelt down be side her knee. 'But yet — what?' I said, prisoning her hand in mine. 4 Don't you think that in this last trouble you have been too impulsive ? You know you always were a little given to being rash , both in word and deed, Nell.' The last few words were uttered with a hand laid tenderly upon my ruffled locks. You mean in running away ?' I said, as the hot colour flooded my tired, white face. 4 You have left your aunt, ill as she is, in ignorance of where you are ; and besides, dear child — do not be angry with me for saying so— you have judged your lover hastily, rushed away at the first glance of a recognition that he could not help, and cer tainly had no hand in bringing about. Think what trouble there must be now in the home ; you have left.' Some 'still, small voice,' deep down in my heart, seemed to echo her centle words ; bat the echo was faint, and pride rose up in arms, and clamoured so loud that its sound was stifled. 4 1 will not share Roy's love with anyone,' I cried, hiding my face in my hands. 4I will not fight for it ; it is hers, let her take it ; she has taken all else, why should she hot have that, too 1' Still the gentle hand was on my bowed head ; still the gentle voice pleaded for the man who could not plead for hiirself. 4 But you do not know ; you cannot tell ; you gave him no time.' 4 1 did not need to know — I saw ; that was enough ; I saw the look on her face — and his.' 4 But, Nell, he had loved her once, when it was no treachery to you to do so ; and he met her face to face unawares.' What mad devil possessed me, I know not ; perhaps the fact that that still, small voice,' smothered as it was, still pleaded in unison with the speaker, rendered me the more defiant. I threw back my head from under the touch of her hand — my heart beat thick and fast. 4 You speak so, Miss Mary,' I said, 4 be cause you do not know — because you cannot tell what love is — because you do not under stand how one wants all, all, all, every thought of the heart, every impulse of the life that is so dear. People can only under stand these things by feeling them ; there is no other way.' As 1 ended, such a silence fell upon us as seemed, like the Egyptian darkness of old, to take a tangible form. Miss Mary sat with her hands folded on her lap and her head drooping ; the soft grey ringlets half hid her face, but I could see that she was very pale, and that her eyes were closed. 4 Nell, Nell, what have you said — what have you said V cried out Miss Maria at last in a voice of protest, as though I had been guilty of a crime ; and as I turned towards her in amaze, Miss Mary got up and quietly left the room. 4 What have I done ?' I said, appalled at the result of my own vehement words ; is she angry with me, Miss Maria V Never had I seen Miss Matia so agitated ; never had I beheld the 4 deportment ' so utterly dis organised. 4 Angry ?' she said, rising and coming to my side, while all the colour ebbed from her cheek. 4 No ; but you have spoken un awares ; you did not know.' She hesitated, and I twisted my fingers the one in the other to keep down my impa tience. 4 Let me go to her ; I have hurt her — I do not know how, but in some way. Oh, I was al ays too outspoken, as dear papa used to tell me, but I did not know I was saying any thing wrong.' 4 No, no ; you must not follow her, Nell ; she would not like it,' said Miss Maria, laying a detaining hand upon my shoulder. 4 It is seldom, very seldom, the old wound bleeds, but when it does she only cares to be left alone. You never knew — how should you ? — the story of her life's love. Ah, Nell, romafice isn't to be found in young hearts only !' 4 Tell me, tell me,' I said, catching my breath, in what would have been a sob if I had let it. 4 Oh, I have been cruel ; I said she did not know — she could not understand — about Roy, and all the time—' ' All the time she knew more about it than you, Nell ; for what is the love that has but one summer to look back upon, to the love that has been a life's sorrow ?' 4 When was it— what happened about it ? Did he die ?' As I put this last question I grew sick and dizzy with the thought that there might be evqn a more unendurable pain than Roy's loss — the hand on which the crest ring, with its grand motto, 4 Fides probata coronat,' ever gleamed — be cold in death. Thinking of this motto, my thoughts for a moment flew off at a tangent. Once I had asked Roy the meaning of the words ; his arm was round me, and my head lay back against his breast ; I had pulled off his ring, and slipped it on my own finger, where it hung all loosely. 4 Tried faith is crowned,' he said, translating for my ignorance. 4 The faith like yours, my darling, that gives its trust ungrudgingly.' Then he laid his lips on mine, and I slipped my hand, ring and all, about his neck. Had my faith proved it self a 4 tried faith V Was it a crowned queen, or did its diadem lie trampled in the dust of doubt? Answer, my heart. 4 He was a playfellow of ours when we were children, ' said Miss Maria, breaking in upon my self-questioning. 4 He was poor, and had his way to make ; and when, one Christmas Eve, he came to me with a new light shining in his face, and a smile upon his lips that Mary's had left there, I knew that their troth had been plighted even be fore he spoke. " We shall have to wait a long time," he said, with something wistful in his voice ; and so they had to wait a long time — a lifetime, Nell ; and Mary is waiting now.' My tears were falling softly as I listened, and the selfish pain of my own sorrow seemed softened by these drops of sympathy for an other. 4 Soon after this,' continued Miss Maria, looking into the fire as she talked, as though in the glowing embers she read the story of that day of a tender grace that was now long past ; 4 there was great trouble at borne ; there was poor Charley, you know, and things had had to be paid.' _ I wonder, by the way, if in all the gentle sisters' lives a time had ever been when things hadn't had 4 to be paid ' for poor Charley ? This, by the way, was a thought . that darted through my mind, and of which I felt a certain shame, watching the tender tremble of the lips that spoke of the home trouble. 4 Then came the chance of taking Summer- field, and working ail together. Nothing could have been done without Mary, and, besides, another chance came about just at the same time — a chance for Leonard, for her lover. Well he had to go abroad — to India and for just once he spoke of the possibility of her going with him — only that once, never again. Mother's health was breaking under the pressure of troubles that came, and there were .other reasons. So Leonard went——' Here she paused. There was no sonnd in the quiet room but the faint flutter of the fire by which we sat, and I saw a tear glitter in the light of a little flame that leapt up, and then died out. 4 Mary never seemed to fret; she just went quietly about her work. Things prospered with iw greatly, and some of the troubles grew lighter.' 4 In other words. Charley's debts were ' paid,' thought 1, in a parenthesis. i 4 When Leonard had been gone nearly three '! years mother died, and the last words she said were : 44 Do what you can, children, for poor Charley." We did oar best, but the dear boy was full of impulses, and let himself be guided by them. He was easily led at all times, a id met with evil counsellors, but he had always a good heart ; he sent us Polly, you know, Nell.' Her tears were dropping fast, falling on her black dress unheeded, and ail at once it darted through my mind that poor Charley had for once paid one of his own debts— the debt of nature. 4 Has he — is he ' I began lamely. 4 You had not heard of our trouble, then V said Miss Maria, now fairly breaking out into sobs. 4 Poor Charley is gone. We felt what the news was when e saw the black- edged envelope ; he had been breaking up for some time.' So the family skeleton was coffined and buried at last 1 I afterwards learnt that, true to himself to the last, poor Charley left behind him a legacy of liabilities, which the gentle sisters looked upon, as we remember the faults of a dead child, tenderly, and without censure. 4 1 am very sorry for your grief,' I said at length, thinking chat the most candid way in which to word my sympathy, and I touched the black dress gently. 4 1 know you are,' said Miss Maria, sud denly remembering her deportment, blowing her nose sonorously, wiping her red eyes, and settling herself in a position of unim peachable correctness ; 4 but I must go on telling you about Leonard. When he heard of mother's death, he wrote to say that he was coming home ; and, oh, Nell ! you should have seen how Mary's face grew like a girl's again — how bright her smile ! I used to hear her singing about the house. Then the end came quickly. A letter from some friend, enclosing an envelope directed to my sister in Leonard's bold, free hand : 44 It had been found," he said, 44 on the table in the poor fellow's room the morning after." ' 4 After What ?' I said hoarsely. 4 After Leonard had been brought home dead — drowned in trying to save a companion who had been swept off a ford- way by what they call a 44 river wave." He had been going to write to Mary, but, Nell, the en velope was empty. She was as quiet in her sorrow as she had been through those long years of waiting ; but once I found her on her knees with that empty envelope crashed against her bosom. 44 What was he going to say to me?" I heard her moan. 44 If I only knew — if there had only been one word. Oh, it is the awful silence of it all that is break ing my heart ! Dear God, have pity on me !" I crept away, Nell ; it seemed like a crime to have seen and heard.' 4 And I said she did not know ! I said she did not understand !' I cried, hiding my face in my hands. There is such a thing as being too weary to sleep, and that night it was so with me. Clang ! clang ! I heard the hours ring out on© after the other from Bromley church. Tice I got up and looked out towards the pool in the coppice. The moon was once more turning the sluggish water to silver, and the reeds and sedges to ebony, and fancy called up the image of a sorrowing, despairing woman, pacing along in the shimmering light,, wringing her hands in bitter protest against a self-im posed fate. Sorrowing, despairing — for what ? For my Roy — my Roy — the man whose lips had pressed mine, whose arms had held me to his heart, who had seemed the one support and stay and guide that my life should ever trust to ; and lacking which it would be but like the broken pillar in some church-yard — a thing round which ivy might twine — at whose feet flowers might spring up ; but that nothing in all the fair wide world could ever make other than a broken thing ! 4 Are you restless, darling ?' said a gentle voice from the inner room. In a moment I was kneeling by her. bed, on which the moonlight cast little restless shadow 8 of the rose-sprays and jasmine round the window. 4 Have you forgiven me?' I said, laying my cheek against her hand. 4 There is nothing to forgive— you did not know,' she answered ; 4 but, child, I shall be angry in real earnest, if you do not lie down and try to get some sleep.' So I stole back to bed again, a white ghost, followed by its own shadow ; and just as oue or two faint chirpings under the broad eaves told of the little waking birds with thoughts intent upon that juicy worm that tradition promises to the early seeker, I fell asleep. Only to dream though : to see reaching out of a mist and hunting mine, the hand on which gleamed the oval crest cut on lapis lazuli, with the motto that meant so much standing out in clear relief — 4 Fides probata coronat.' I seemed to shrink from that pur suing hand, and as it closed at last on mine with the firm, strong, manly clasp I knew so well, I seemed to fall down, down, I knew not whither — dragged from its dear hold by some strange, nameless power. Then came a sense of unutterable loneliness — and I was seeking for something — peering into a dark gulf that had opened at my feet. Was I looking for the lost trust that should have made my faith's crown? I woke, my face dank with a chill sweat, my pillow wet with tears. The day had come, and there were no chirpings from under the eaves, for the swallows were up and doing. 4 Oh !' I murmured, wearily stretching out my arms at I knew not what ; 4 have I been wrong ? is Miss Mary right ? Have I had too little trust : Is my faith a crownless oue? Roy ! Roy ! have I lost you, my darling ?' 4 Talking to yourself, eh ?' said Miss Mary, as the tray she carried gave a bump at the door, and pushed it open. 4 Why, what a lazy girl ! Nearly noon, and Jane and her husband come over from Ike vicarage to know what young lady -it is that report says came by the late train last night. Now drink this tea, and don't leave a crumb of the toast I have made with my own hands.' 4 Have you - — ,' I began, with the first piece of toast half way to my month. I 4 Written to Mrs, Bertie Lumiey V she put in. 4 Yes ; three hours ago. I have told - her you are s%fe in our keeping.' I felt the Lot colour rushing to my-face as I thought of Roy learning my where abouts. 4 You said nothing of ,' I began again. 4 Mr. Royal Drew ? Certainly not. I made not the faintest allusion to such a person.' I gave a sigh of relief, and proceeded to give my attention to the tea and toast. How droll it was to hear Miss Maria' and Miss Mary call the vicar 4 Daniel,' and to see him pat his wife on the shoulder, and kiss Miss Mary. He had grown balder since I saw him last ; but the same kind smile was on his face that had won my child- heart years ago ; it seemed even brighter, more especially when he looked at his wife, I thought. The day wore on. I was in my Land of Benlah. I was encompassed by kind thoughts and loving tendet ness. The sun shone fair on field and wood, flowers ran riot in the hedge rows, and all sweet country sounds were about me ; but the sun itself seemed dimt the scent of the flowers was not sweet, the song of the birds was tuneless, for lack of something. I had lived in the light of love ; I had known the thrill of passion, and. the restful joy that a iiian's tenderness «!?<! thought for her can bring to the woman who loves him ; and no v, robbed of these, life seemed an empty thing. With the utter inconsistency of an angry woman I clung to the hope that the one I had fled from would pursue me — would seek me out, and strive to drive away the cloud of doubt from my eyes, and the weight of distrust from my heart. At dinner I said to myself : ' Before tea he will come ; he will know by instinct to what haven of rest I have flown.' At tea I comforted myself with the thought, 4 Before night Roy will come.' But the birds went to rest under the eaves, the shadows flickered in the moon- light, once more the pool in the coppice was a patch of silver beneath the alders — and still there was no Roy. Indeed, how should there be ? I steeled my heart by asking of my own thoughts : 4 Is he not another woman's lover — Eulalie's, who 44 loved him all the while ?" ' I cried myself to sleep on that the second night of my stay at Summerfield, after once more musing on my life under the simile of the broken pillar in the graveyard — a com parison that struck me as peculiarly apt. I am not sure that I did not complete the alle gorical picture by putting in a figure leaning against the said column in the usual attitude of woe — the figure of Royal Drew. When a woman takes to flight — no matter what mad longings may possess her — womanly pride and self-respect must prevent her making any sign. I would not have written a line to any member of the Ken sington household in those days of misery to have saved my life. But 4 Oh,' I moaned to the trees in my wood, 4 ho v cruel they are not to let me hear anything — how cruel they are !' Sad possibilities of remaining whereT was until, some snnny summer's day, the magic sound of marriage-bells, audible to my. ear alone, should be borne upon the breeze, and I should know that their sweet chimes rang out for Roy and Eulalie, suggested them selves to me. My hot anger against Roy was dying out, like a fire that lacks fuel, while self-pity was taking its place. Miss Mary made no farther allusion to my troubles ; she was tender, as the most loving mother could have been, and old times seemed to come to new life again. The harp had its brown- holland pinafore taken off,&nd; her fingers swept its strings, the cadences she wove gradually falling into the 4 Recollec tions of Wales,' of which 4 Poor Mary Ann' was the sweetest and saddest. We tried new music together; we talked of new books ; the two sisters told me of Jane'shappinessat the Vicarage, and how the poor people in the village had grown to love their pastor's wife. 4 She doesn't make jackets for them of hard, hard flannel, does she, Miss Mary I' I said, with a smile given to the memory of Miss 'Dosia. 4 No, no,' she answered, laughing ; but Daniel still keeps rabbits — creatures that are all ears, you know ; and he is always hoeing up the weeds in the gravel paths in the garden in his leisure moments. Jane sits at her work in the window, and when he has uprooted a very big weed, he holds it up to her and says : 44 There's a fellow for you, my dear — look at his root3 !" ' I don't know what makes the tears come into my eyes as I hear this account of the vicars crusade against his old enemies the weeds. I think it mdst be the contrast of that simple home happiness and my own desolation. They are so old, those two,, or they seem so to me, and I am so young. ,It is hard — hard to keep the tears from falling outright as I think this. The next morning came, and still there was no word of Roy. Stranger still, there was no letter from Aunt Ida. She was worse — dying — dead, I suggested to myself, being in that horribly restless frame of mind when self-torture holds a subtle pleasure. The weather was, as became the time of year, deliciously balanced between cold and heat, yet I felt as if I were being stifled. 4 1 am going to take my book and sit in the wood,' I said to Miss Mary wearily. The aromatic perfume of the fallen fir- spears made ail the air sweet ; violets were everywhere, peeping modestly up with their deep blue eyes from beds of greenest moss. The happy daffodils gently nodded their golden heads, and the brook sung a song to them all as it slipped like molten glass over its pebbly bed, making little playful rushes and baby waterfalls when a big stone barred its way. How well I remembered standing on that stone, a mite in pink shoes, launching boats of leaves, freighted with berries, to watch them whirl about in the eddies, nickfc of them coming to an untimely mid early i® their voyage! I was sitting on a quaint old that in times past had. represented wy tttjg a besieged castle, A den, gate whereat a very htfle CforistiMi, very big bundle on I tuinied now and Son my S"w Uonce4 ""f ttiymfid acrbss J -my. eyes. 'G : -f"" ' _ , So young,. I thought, and all my life lived out. Poor old Diogenes in his tub „ ; was no greater cyme than I, sitting there beside . the purling, babbling brook, among .i the fair, sweet, summer flowers.' I let T my head rest against the back of a fir-tree that was, giving out a pungent odour in the warmth or the fragrant afternoon ; and so I i sat, thinkiug, ,aiid not exactly sleeping, but gro wing dreamy and -drowsy, fancying £ was ! wandering with Roy under the tall- trees fa o ' r Kensington Gardens:; thinking of poor little Tabitha, who always- scampered up to my . room, and sat like a. heap of snow upon my c ; dressing-table while I brushed my hair ; of r:. Terence, with liis old frightened face, as I /. passed him like a young whirlwind in the . corridor ; :of Aunt Idumea's pale profile against the hardly whiter pillow/ as I had "seen it last of r tliereager fight in Eulalie's t - , . dark eyes as die looked into the face of the f . man who had been her lover — and — mine. The hum of the insects in the grass must : . have had a falling effect upon me, for thus, ( - h&f; a 4 ake and half asleep, I began to dream. Some one was singing : ' Le temps que j e regrefete, ; C'est le temps qui — n'est— pluH " ; and, dreaming still, my thoughts answered to that sad refrain. Yes ; the time that is ' mine no more ; the time when Roy's dear 1 - eyes told me that he held me dear ; the time when his strong arm? clasped me round, and X felt so safe— as if nothing in the wide world j could hurt me any more, so long as those : arms held me close. How strangely vivid dreams are some times ; or was it no dream? Was the hand r with the cresfc ring — the hand that bore the I motto, ' Fides probata coronat —laid softly . oh my shoulder ? I sprang to my feet, the book fell from my lap,' and then : ' Roy !? I cried. Oh, Roy, . have you come to me at last !' There before my eyes, that were wide r awake enough now, stood Royal Drew, dressed as he had been when I saw liiin first, in the dead-leaf velveteen coat, and — yes, there was a red rose in the button-hole. As he met my look of wild, undignified, Overwhelming joy, he swept his hat low, \- and stood there bareheaded looking at me. He made no attempt at any warmer greeting, 1 Only let his blue eyes rest upon my face — my face that grew now red, now white, now lv- red again. I bore it as long as I could, but that wasn't \- , many moments, though it seemed a time in- .terminable. Then I covered my face with 1 my two trembling hands, and sinking down upon the bench beside me, wondered if . mother earth ever took pity on her children, and let them sink gently into the shelter of " her breast. . L ' Why did you run away from me, child V I knew that question was coming. I knew " in the one instant that Roy's eyes and mine c met that I had mistrusted him without L - cause; that he Was mine, mine, and only- mine, and had never wavered in his loyalty7 to v me — no, not" for the space of one passing thought or regret, r ' You have been very cruel to me, Nell.' t . There was a ring of pain in his voice that \- seat my head lower than ever, and made my . breath come thick and fast. "c It was not as if I had kept anything from \- you. I would not have asked you to be my ' \ wife if I could not have told you the story of t my life before 1 knew you ; and how could I tell that the woman who played me false was v Lady Vansitart ? as Heaven is my witness, Nell, when she came in to us that day, as we e: fitood side by side, not one throb of joy ( quickened the beating of my heart. I was I Amazed, and pitiful.' g i ' Pitiful !' £ gasped, lifting my dripping \- face and drowned eyes for" his inspection. < ; ' Yes, pitiful ; Eulalie has wrought much ?,' evil for you and for me ; she has brought ; .much pain to us both in the past ; but when c Ieaw death written on her faice, do you think e I; could bring xnyselfto utter a single reproach to her ?' ' Death !' I said, leaning eagerly towards ; him from the back of the bench, and inv \ voice soundmg strange even to my own ears. Yes, death. Do you think, Nell — do you j think, my darling, I should have; let you go ? xoainmg about the world, and lost one hour , — -nay, one . moment—in following you if something had not kept me back ?' ' Is she dead ?' I sobbed. Is Eulalie dead ?' ?/And as t spoke the vision of a lovely face /.seen against $he Background of the nut- . boughs .came. L afore me, ' No, she is not dead ; but she has not long to live,' he .answered, 'She had no more c thought of meeting; me that day than I- of L - seeing her, and the shock was terrible.' ; ' To both of yon V I hazarded, with inward ; misgiving. r 'Yes/ to both of us,' he said, with his clear, true: eyes meeting my poor swollen " ones candidly, Of coarse it was.' k - Yes,'T riaid meekly, twisting my limp handkerchief between my fingers ; and she ' said she liad4 -loved you all the while" — I heard her.' - - A hot flush rose -to 'the very edge of his , curly locks, but Roy looked at me bravely 'Yes ; she did not know then that such \- "Words from her lips could only pain me. There is only ode woman in the world, Nell, whose voice is sweet to my ears fa the telling c of- that story.' J r ' Roy, where is she now ?' ' She is-with Aunt Ida ; you had not been t :gone many minutes when I had to call some- „ one to come to my assistance ; the handker- . chief that Eulalie- held to her lips was crim soned with blood.' ' 1 < 'And auntie so ill herself !' I cried. Oh, : Roy!' , l . ' Happily Miss I Dove .. was there, and I showed a great amount of common-sense and self-comnand. 5 X fetched a doctor as quickly \- as l could, andithen/ when he had given his .verdict— it was but a death warrant— £ went : to Annt Ida's room and told her all/ ; fDidYou WOBder where I was gone to V , No; I had no need to wonder. Terence i £aid>you £iad fied pwt him ' like a banshee," , £,iu|d w£cp ffgrft lip where to be found I 3lcnew that for refage to your , ol &ulah;— refuge from distrustful +& i..-- v" " " \- , lirtotetidi aas:/ Hrius welreT coolly. ' Aunt Ida is better ; she has tried . hard to throw off her own ailments to be of use to that poor dying woman, but she is quite untit to be alone; and, besides, Eulalie wants to see you, Nell. 4 To see me !' I said, not.encouragingly, it must be confessed. ' Yes. Oh, Nell ! be the grand, magnani mous creature yon have it in you to be if you will,' he went on, pleading ith me as though he were my tiood angel. . ' I do not want to underrate her wrongs to you, Heaven knows. Aunt Ida has told me enough to show me that forgiveness inust be a hard thing to you ; but, child, we pray to be forgiven ourselves " as we forgive others." In tlie years that, please . Heaven, lie before you and I like ri fair vista, let Euale, tke worn in who has sinned against us boon be a sal, not a bitter memory.' ' You have forgiven her ?' ' More than forgiven, Nell; for her false hood led me on to you.' A little, quick, delicious thrill of gladness made me tremble as he spoke. 'Yes,' I said eagerly, longingly, yearn- ingly ; ' I will go back to her. I will for give her. Take me to her, Roy.' He stepped close up to my side. ' He is going to remember that he has not kissed me/ I thought ; and the tiniest bit of a smile made my lips quiver. But he wasn't. He looked all round the. wood — my wood that I had told him about/ — and then he drew a long satisfied breath. ' 1 ' So this is your Land of Beulah ? It is well named — it is in truth a very pleasant place.' I was going to move away towards the house, but he said no ; there as no hurry ; there was no train we could start by for nearly t ' o hours yet. So he sat down oil the bench beside me, and the song of the birds sounded sweeter than before, and the flowers looked fairer. Yet £ was not quite content. Roy . sat by my side, and oh, how boncy he looked, with the soft light that filtered through the boughs above us falling on his curly locks and long silky beard. His hat lay on the ground at his feet ; and his hand — the one With the ring on — rested on the twisted branches that formed the back of our rest ing-place ; it was not holding mine, and he hadn't kissed me yet. He. told me how Eulalie, after some months of suffering, had come up to London, with her 'shadow,' Miss Lettie, to consult a man famed all over. Europe for his skill ; how his veidict nad been such a hopeless one that, veiled as it was in a cloak of ambiguous words, - -she had read its report ; and then, possessed by a strange longing to see me — the one she had most deeply wronged — she had sought me out. She had told Roy all this, and said how she found her only conso lation in the thought that papa's wealth would at her death, come back to me. It was a strange sfcorv to listen to — strangest of all, to listen to from Royal's lips ; but the true grand nature of the man I loved, seemed .more and. more to unfold itself before my eyes as he spoke ; the purity and loyalty "of his love for me, and his pity for the woman whose life had been a failure, because it had been unreaL were so beautifully manifest in it all, that my heart s welled with pride and gladness ia the thought of being so dear to him. We had better be thinking of going in to those dear ladies of yours,' he said at last, stooping to pick up his hat from the grass. Miss Mary has quite fulfilled my expecta tions. Nell, she is perfect. But I did not stir, unless it was to put my hand out — timidly enough, you may be sure —to his. 'Roy,' I said, feeling two hot burning spots come creeping up into my cheeks, ' do you "know ydu haven't kissed me since you came?' He was silent, and so I lifted my shamed eyes to meet fas, grave, yet infinitely tender. 'A. kiss means so much to me, Nell,' he said, still riot moving an inch nearer to me. ' So it does to me— it means love,' I an swered; bravely enough, though the tears were starting a.nd blurring my sight. 'But I want something more than love from you, Nell. 1 My darling, I want your perfect- trust, -too.' ' . There seemed no other way, and so I took the hand that Jay so near mine, ' and laid my lips upon it, just where the ring glistened in the sunshine. Give my faith back its lost crown, Roy,' I sobbed. 4 1 will give all my love, and all my trust, oh, my darling! even to life's end.' Then Roy took me in: his arms, and, as my head lay'back against his breas% he kissed me with the kiss of love and perfect faith, there, in My Land of Beulah.— 'All the Year Round.' conclusion-. 