BALLARAT. (FROM OCR own CORRESPONDENT.) Thursdav, 30th Januar Nearly all the elements of sacculation have melted with fervent objective heat, and with a sore of sunstroke passion for extremes, all the Corner men swear business is dull as ditch water, but it is certain that both brokers and jobbers are too near the melting mnod to be abia to give much heed to hard facta of busi ness. Seltzer and unbuttoned shirt sleeves arc more in vogue just now. Yet, the gods be praised, legal^ managers have strength left to write dividend cheques, so -.re have Egerton Is., Racecourse Is. Gd., Reform Is. (M. Prices of stocks remain without an}' material change. Black Horse and Egerton shares are tirmer; but Staweil stocks are all weaker. Kingston stocks keep firm, and have had mcst of the business. To-day's sales were North Birtlnlay 21s., Dykes 17s Od, Australasian 10s 3<1\. Other stocks firm. Buyers offering £o 5s. for Black Horse. No shares in the market. We have had very seasouahle weather this week. Everything is on tire except business, which is as it in thick-ribbed ice. Pluto him self would never in this weather have bothered to run after Proserpine, and ruu the risk of sun stroke or of melting into fat, thin fat. Mow nice to be a ghost and wear no elothes when the temperature is about 100' in tha shade. This is why I 1 ike to look at D'Arcy Read's "Shadows and Shades," for though they saem to wear clothes 1 know they don't, and I envy them. . Cannot say as much for Teddy Dyte, the lessee. Populus won't go out (or in rather) these hot nights. JSow that bo'h the local free trade aud pro tection prophets bless the Woollen Company, its affairs ought surel}' to prosper. And the prophet3 do bless, let me tell you—each one ex tracting his own politico-cconomical honey from the subject, but the be3t of all blessings is that iu the balance-sheet, which appears with a profit of £1,702 ior the half-year. The Ballarat Banking Compauy beats the Woollen Company, and shows a profit of £10,037 for the half-year. The usual ten per cent, dividend is declared. The Australian Natives held their annual conference here last week. The next is to be at Sandhurst. I do not know -whether or not it be the bank's screw, but several firms here are shaky, and one or two have dropped into the limbo of declared insolvency. When Djvey Brothers, the iron merchants, got iuto trouble, .Mr. Jas. M'Dowall took over the concern, aud burnt his fingers in the process so badly that he has had to call in his creditors for consultation, but I am told it will come out all right. Farquhar, the grocer, has filed for £3,000; assets about a third. But lest tbe voice of railing should be lifted up, let me inform you that Ballarat is sound and strong commercially. From an old miner returned for a while from Ncw South Wales I lean: a few items of other " exiles" there. Harrie Wood, Under-Secre tary for Mines, bears ;his exile and salary very well iudeed. The oncie fiery tribune, Alfred Arthur O'Connor, who was so scrupulously conscientious that he would not take tha ordinary oath ia a court of la-.r, ha3 espeused agriculture aud Madame Sibley. He practises georgica aud. bucolics on a large selection, and mesmerism and other tinny'-! ;iH over tlui colony. .loiin Phillips has left tiio Government survey stall" ami has opened- a school at Forbes. t'Vonra.u'e tion Baker is secretary to wme teetotal organisation in Sydney, Oopelaud is an M.K A., ami riiil Davies, who used to be mining mana ger for the Prince of Wales claim, Sebai-.opol, 13 managing a ' mine at or near L-'orbcs. - Phil went to g-tol once in an encroachment ease, and the Prince of Wales directors left him to pay lib costs, so I nm not surprised to learn that he gives as one reason for liking New South Wale? that directors treat him better thoro than here. - Poor Bannister, who was crowncd with liv.uol wreaths for his tji'vemiu In hibition scheme, is nor,- hi tears, and asking to be r-.c*ii!H-d seme £'200 which he declares he lost in his business whilst iooki'ig after the exhibition. The com mittee will -nit touch their profit balance, but propose a public subscription in aid of the founder of all the profit. Mr. and Mrs. Streeter, who brought Cox, their ].»to superior officer to tri:il for certain peccadillos. have been snubbed for their not vory amiable pains. Cox is found worthy of censure, but they of sown; censure. After this ^treeter will think of Vanl Try, ami swosr lie will never do another j^ood-iv.'.tured action as long as he lives • apostle of the Grand Canal lias been with us once more. If yon object to the collocation ot" the imes he assured that you cannot help it. and that it is not Hugh's fault. It is travel and tile Scoloritin that work all the wonder, To mo. it seems that the British banner never waved over greater .intrepidity of faith than that which enables a man, wh:l.-,r the heat is in fernal, to believe in a canal of anv sort beinc practicable. Rut the man of " the mountain and the flood" believes and laughs and grows fat. He is the only man who ever survive-,!, a long course of newspaper ooi»tv0l. -v'-d J5r, Cairns. sy..-- " 