__§MM. ! A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. ????'. by I . MES. E. D. E. 1ST. SOUTHWOETH, ! .Author of 'jThe Hidden Hand,' 'The :. Deserted Wife,' 'Self-Made,' &c;, &o.; CHAPiERXXVI. j ??'??! ???: THE 50UN0 WIPE'S DOOM. I . '[Until I hoyo no wife, I hove nothing hero.' j ?'?? ? 'Tlo bitter! Find you that tho'ro? .? . i Nothing at home, until ho has no wifo ? I There'* nothing .thero that ia too good for him I Bat only Bho; and she 'deserves a lord i That twonty euoh rado boys might wait anon And call her mistress. . Sbakbpbabe. ?; 'We will open Sir Adrian's letter first, ' oontinned 'tho xeptor, as he -broke the large ,.ied seal stamped with the '.Fleming prost. i ' :;' The baronet wrote in a friendly but some- ? : whatfqrmarstyle. | .;?. Tho rector, with his left arm around the ; '.shoulders -ol Net, who sat on a low hassook ..peaide. him', listening with all her soul and ./flenses, read'as follows: - Fleming Chase, 2nd. Sept., 18— . i -i Ehv» De. Stabe,— MylSear Friend: Few .-..events in life could have given me more pain i- .than. the deplorable mistake which,has plaoaa i my_son and your .^daughter :in suoh a falap ' /position towards eaoh other and towards thb ;. world.. ' .-:.-. . . .. v . . ' ... j ' ? -??It is a misfortune . of a kind that- mnst .always iall. muoh otnore heavily ; upon the woman .than, upon the. man,, and assnoh J ..deplore, it even., more upon your daughter's c. aodount than upon my son's. ? * '; ? .. Ihadbeenled to1 suppose— as, no doubt', vyouyourself had also been— that Adrian was wpayinghis addresses- to- Miss Deloraine, ol X»eloraino Park; aria I united with yourself ;;jin a:.w jrniT approbation of his choice ; but; , believo me, if X had learned that we were both mistaken,. and. that iny- Bon's1 ohoioe hatT ..fallen on .your. daughter, I should have been .equally well satisfied. ?: . .. , .-.v-And. now-my- own opinion is that thip -?marriage, ooritraoted as it has been under a i huge, misapprehension,- should nevertheless .stand good. \ . . . . ? ..The ; young, oouple do not dislike eaoh a other, .and one of them, at least, the most .important one also— the woman— has no prior \- attaohment.- - B .1 have had a long conversation with my son ?'onthesubjeot. He admits that his own ? .copduotiana. conversation with your daughter .i. -might have easily led her' inexperienbed -i mind to expect a proposal of marriage from .him, and so rendered her the easy and un '. Buspioious-viotim of 'his own' lamentable ?i. blunder, .i He speaks of her with the greatest ; (esteem and aflootion... .-??;? I have endeavoured to persuade him, under ' ? anon ouonmstanoes, to think of this marriage . '.'. as a -finality. I tell him that he oould not ?:- dobettor than to take to himself the good and -« fair wife he has married. .:.-Bu^of. this plan he will not now hear at , all. He _insiets that he loves Miss Deloraine' \- ' and her only, and sinoe he oannot have her' ???' he will have no wile. ?'??iThe only concession that loan gain from ' the headstrong fellow is this— that he will take no steps for the present to have his mad marriageannuUed. , Nor indeed would ; ifroojBithi9'^htes!i'use'£b'r.'ilm..td''do so. Sifuli.a.oourse would only^eiposo him to ia orodulity, ndieule and 'oontemp't He will goabioadiorawnile, where I hope he will -'got oyar his infatuation. for Mibs Deloraine, 'and. rotum to us ''dloUied. in his right ;inmdv' ? , . ,? Meantime I m,uBt beg you, my old friend, .. to, b^'-g.my; sweet . daughterrin-tew here . to '.ffeiRing.Chase to.beoome . acquainted .with .?HaPy;,Flemlng andwyielf. ? Wfi;, are both anxious .to know her, nnd.to.have her make v her home with, us, until the return of her '-.-, mad bridegroom ii for that he will return ? to his. father's house an* to Ms first love— ^ ?; tor i there' is no: concealing from me that .'..????Hetty.-.. was his first loveV-I have not the \- shadotr of a,' doubt. ? ??! '-.. . :! ?;:'Bmteaoe-..yo'nr dear girl for us, and be Ueve me, in spite of nil tike scapegrace sons ... on. earth, ... V ? ..T .. .V^ . . :. ... Yourfaitbiul Mend, ? ..??.;!.? .^ ??; ? .- , .,. /Adwih 5JaOBH«« :. ' That is a Bwoefc, good letter, a lovely love letter, dear father,' saidUefc, gravely; 'but you know,' Bho added, Blowly — 'you know that I cannot accept his invitation. I cannot go to his house. It would look like a desire to force myself on Adrian.' 'We will talk of that presently, my dear. Ho need for you to decide at once. It would bo better in a worldly point of view that you should goi It would atop the tongues of all cavillers. I appreciate youv delicate scruples, Net, but you must not be guided by feeling, my dear, but by reason, and by the counsels of those who are older and more experienced than your self. Sir Adrian's letter is a good and wise one. We must refleot a little before we reject its counsels,' replied the reotor. ! 'Father, will you read Adrian's letter now ?' inquired Net, seeing that the reotor made no motion even to open his. ', ' . ' Oh ! I had forgotten ; but really I don't suppose tho fellow's communication is of much account,' ropliod Dr. Starr, as he oponod tho onvolopo and read asij^pllows : Elejono Ohase, 2nd. Sept., 18 — . ; Rev. De. Stake,— My JDcar Sir : I write to you because I dare not writo to Net. I dare not say one word in self-defence. No one can feel more certainly than I do that I am indefensible. I made an unhappy blunder in my marriage, yet my father thinks I ought to abido by it. Perhaps I ought. But lot mo ask you frankly, in tho interests of your daughter, could I do her a deeper injury than to take her to wife while my affections and desires aro fixed upon her cousin? No, you will confess that I oould not. I like, esteem and honour your daughter, but I could not love her as my wifo. I will do anything and everything else in my power to prove the high estimation in which I hold her. My father and mother havo invited her to Fleming Chaso. I pray you let her go thoro and make it a permanent homo whilo my parents live, and, after they shall have passed away, let her continue to : livo ond reign in their placo as Lady Deloraino. ! Aa for myself I shall never enjoy the blessing of homo or family ; 'but tho world is wide, and its attractions many. I pray that you and your daughter may pardon me for any pain that I may have inadvertently oausedyou, knowing that my own pain must be equally great, and believo me, notwith standing all that has come and gone, over your friend, ATnmyf Fraairaa. : ' Poor boy !' sighed Net. ' Oh, father, is there no lawful way of releasing him from his bonds?' 'No, Not, thero is nono without a public scandal that would be intolerable.' ' It is very hard on him,' sighed Net. ' And on you, then ?' ' It is very hard indeed,' assented Not. ' The only remedy is timo and patience. Wo must wait, Net. And, meanwhilo, I wish you could bring yourself to accept Sir Adrian's invitation.' 'But I cannot, dear father. I could not even if I had no ties, no duties to bind me here, and I have, for I could not leave the babies.' 'And you could not take them. Well, we will not answer Sir Adrian's letter to dny. We will wait until to-morrow. Per haps by that time you may see things in a different light, and something may be thought of for the babies. They are over four years old now, you know,'.' Bald the rector, as he folded his letters and put them in a compartment of his table-drawer' marked '?'. Unanswered,-' And these letters were destined to remain unanswered- to the end. . ' Now, I must walk out and see some of my people,' Baid the dootor, .rising. ..He took two ; steps, , towards. ? the door, threw his . hands : up suddenly to : his head, and fell heavily to the ground. With a slight ory Net sprang to his'side, and stooped to help him get up, for she thonrrhfc ? that ha had onlv trinnfid in .tho loose rug and fallen. . : . .'.'.. At the same moment, Mrs. Ken and Kit alarmed by the unuBual noise, ran in from the kitchen, . and Miss Deloraine came in from the parlour. ' What's the matter ?' ' ' Web hev happened ?'. . , .;. ? 'Wofs. broke?'- demanded the excited questioners in one voice, as- they gathered round the prostrate man, who gave no sign of consciousness. ? .. ;.;..' ''Run for the doctor, Kit!' .exclaimed Net, ..controlling, her.' own. emotion. by. a strong' effort. i.'.'.felli him to come instantly I Father, is. stunned by. his fall — don't you Bee P Oh ! he tripped in . the rug, : and fell with all his weight, you see, Antoinette 1' she added, turning to the pale andcanxiouB girl who stood byiher side, i . ... . ; 'I see,'. answered Miss Deloraine, in an awe-stricken ..tone ; for,, in fact, she saw more than Net did; ... . .;.... '.. ;'Lettis try, tolift him .to the.lounge, Mrs. Ken. Oh,. Antoinette, .please ..go and get a pillow,? ' she , continued, , turning her pain-strioken eyes from one to another. . ' You had better let me help you to lift him first. - You and Mrs. Ken can never do it alone,' replied Miss Deloraine. . . . . . The three women lifted: the. body: of the reotor, and laid it on the lounge. ? i Then Antoinette ran.to.fetoh a pillow, while Net and Mrs. .Ken used such simple remedies as were at hand for his restora tion. '....'. 'Oh, Mrs. Ken, his pulse has stopped! It has stopped ! - What is the meaning of that?' anxiously demanded Net, as. she held her father's motionless wrist between her. fingers. ??'.??? \- ' Mayhap it's just a fainty -fit,- Mistress Net.- Dtiririot'yo be soared. ; Wait till the dootor comeB,' replied the woman, in the shaking tones that contradicted her words and betrayed her own agitation. . -Antoinette cameiin ' with tho pillow, and . they raised and laid; the rector's head upon it. ...... .... 'Oh, Antoinette 1 his heart doeB not beat! . It is as !still as— as— the .dead!' cried Net, . in a tone of anguish, as Bho drew her hand from his' bosom,. and looked up in her friend's face with an expression of ajgonized. entreaty. ' 'Oh', Antoinette 1 what ia the reason ? . What is the reason P .He'is-nbt— not dead?' . This laBt word came in a sharp cry. ' Hush, dear 1' Hub)) I Here is the doctor,'1 .whispered Miss, Deloraine, as Dr. Bennet entered the .rflom... ; ??', .',..,', ...,,,. ,.,.., ; ,.'? I met ypui; seryar»t a few. yards; from the gate, 'my dear,' said the physioian.as he . took . N.et's . hand, bowed , to. Miss Deloraine, and passed at once to the Bide of the lounge where the form of the reotor lay. ;:?,?'.. i ',..-? ? , AU the others drew. baok. to - give way for the. dootor, who proceeded to make a very careful: examination.' of his. subjeot, while Net watched him anxiously from a Bhort distanoe. ?.:??:? Presently the dootor oeased his inveetiga tion, olosed the shirt bosom, vest and ooat over the lifeless body, composed the motion less limbs, arid tuned away from the lounge. . 'Dootor — dootor — ' began Net, in a voioe ?half tfainting with fear. c ' My dear girl — yon are a good girl,' said Dootor Bonnet, gently taking Not'BjhandB in both his own— ' yon know that this life is not all, and— ' ' ' -..-:-. . \- ?' Qh, he's gone ! Ms gone / Oh I I cannot beax.ni J oannol im}U !'? ettea Not, ia |lw Bhrill tones of angiHEh, as she fell baok against the wall of the slnrly' and leaned there, weeping bitterly— for the griof of youth is nevor dumb, but ever finds ready reliof in oopious tears. The old dootor pat his arm round her waist, and led her tenderly to an eaBy-ohair and placed her in it. Antoinette sat down besido her and took her hand; but neither. the physician nor the friend attempted to utter any words of con solation ; that, they know, at auoh a moment must be worse'. than naolosu. They lot'her'weep and sob until the storm of sorrow had exhausted its foroe. And .then , it was wonderful to boo how qwiokly Net rallied^ hor f oroes and how balmily ahe went j .about her duties. ' :; Dr. Bonnet took upon himself the whole responBibility.of'the crisis. Hoit was, who wrote to Mi«s Delpraine's second guardian and solicitor in London to apprize him of his oolleaguo's.deceaso, and aUo to Sir Adrian Fleming, in Devonshire, to announce to him his . old friend's death: He it was who 'gave all the orders for tho funeral. ; , . As soon as the .demise of the pastor becamo known in. the parish crowds, of friendly) wmpathetio and sorrowing people flocked to the parsonage with, oppressions of oondolo mont and offers of service. The reotor's litttle . daughter gratefully accepted all tho love that prompted all the notion, but gently declined tho services. There was nothing to be done, sho said but what she and the household could do. : Tho funeral was arranged to take place on Saturday, the fifth day after the death. . It was on the third day that Not was sit ting in the nursery, with; little Luke and Ella, trying to make them understand tho great mystery of tho ohange that seems so marvellous, yet is so simple— that seems so like death, but is new birth — and sho was finding out howmuphmore readily the children could receive and understand the truth than she could convey and explain it, when sho was interrupted by the unceremonious en trance of Kit b' Jim, who put a card in hor hand, and announced : ' ' Atallowld gent'man, foinoand grand, hey oome' to see yd, Mistress Not, and is waiting in the 'all down Btairs.' Net looked at the slip of pasteboard be tween her thumb and fingory and read— Sir Adrian Fleming. ' Show the gentleman into tho drawing room, Kit, and say .to him that I will be .down in a' few' moments,' 'bub said, as sho arose to make a little ohange in her dress. Kit left the room to do her errand. Net only sthoothed her front hair, ad justed her neat, white collar and buffs, and then she went down stairs and opened the parlour door. , , . . 'She' paw standirig before her a tall,1 soldioriy r'looking man of about sixty years of ago, with broad shoulders, well set Imck, ?stately hoad, high, aqailine features, florid complexion, bright blue eyes, and silvery white hair and moustaohe. . He wore a blabk fropk ooat, buttoned up to his chin, dark gray pantaloons,' and neat patent leather boots on email and well-shaped feet. ..?'?'? ' : Holding ont small and neatly-gloved hands,, he advanced to meet Not, and taking hers, 'said, gently and ^'r'avuly: , ' Yon are my'daugh'ter- in'-litw, I presume, young lady.' Net looked up in some-little embarrass ment, but ; could not ripeak just then. ' You are Mrs. Adrian Fleming, if I mia take not?' then said 'the baronet, a little doubtfully, for Net's silenbe pazzled him mth uncertainty. ''..'. 'I aril Dr. Stair's step-daughter— Net,' replied the girl, gathering courage from. the calm, kind eyes that gazed down upon her. 'Prebiaely. .Quite so. Just as' I. thought. I am very happy to see you, my child, even though grieved ' by the occasion that. has brought , me h'ere,' said the baronet,. still holding hei.Jiaid. . ' \ : '' It was very kind of you to come, su1,' murmured Net. . . ? ......'.. 'I could do' no. otherwise. It was my duty, to you, dear child, no less thari.to my departed friend, Dr.. Starr, He was my college chum and oldest living friend, dear girl, and. so, ; as soon as I got Bonnet's letter, with the. sad news of Luke's death, I took; the: first train North.' ? :. . 'I I thanl you.very .much for coming, Sir Adrian, but pray be. seated,' : said Net, drawing forward a largo. easy-ohair. . - The baronet dropped . heavily into its oushionB, and then inquired : .: .'Whom have youiathe house, my dear, to look after affairs ?' ? ' No one but myself, my cousin, and the two servant-women ; but Dr. Bennett oomes every day »nd attends to everything.' ' Ah 1 ah 1 it was very sudden,' said the baronet, referring to the death of the reotor. 'Yes, very sudden,' replied Net, fully understanding him. ' Apoplexy t' inquired the baronet. 'No— heart disease, the dootor said,' replied Net, beginning to tremble, for as yet Bho could not bear any allusion to hor father's death without strong emotion. ' There, there— I have been inconsid erate, my ohild I Let us change the sub ject. What are your plans for the future, my dear, if you have formed any?' in quired the baronet, with every expression of warm interest. 'I havo formed— nono. I havo not thought of any,' said Not, speaking with difficulty'. ? 'So much tho better, my dear. You will, leavo others who are older and moro ex perienced to plan for you,' said tho baronet, expressing the. same idea, if not using the i same words, that had been spoken on this subjeot by the reotor. ' Net bowed; not in assent, but in courtesy, because she could reply in no other way. ' ' Your father got my letter, I hope ?' ' Not bowed again, and, with an. effort, uttered faintly : ' An hour boforo ho was strickon down.' 11 My bhild, I can do little to assuage your grief for this heavy beroavement — a grief whioh, indeed, I share ; but you will lot me shield you from the material oonsequonces of your loss. I oamo here not only to attend the funeral of my old friend, but also to take you back with me to Floming Ohase, where Lady Floming will givb you a warm welcome.' 'You and hor ladyship aro vory, vory good to mo, sir — vory, very good, oven though my own stupid and lamentable mis take has placed ' — hero tho voice of tho girl was choked for a moment, but sho rbcovorod it and resumed— ' your Bon insuoha falso position. I — ;' Sho broko down again. _ Tho baronet, who was sitting nearly oppo site to hor, stooped down and took both her hands, saying kindly : 'My dear ohild, the blunder was my son's own, and you wore the viotim. Ho knows that as well as' we do. Sometimes men blunder into good fortune. Their blundors bring thorn better results than their best laid plans could secure— only in that oaso thoy do not call thomJiblundors, you know. I think my son haa blundered into his life's happiness. Wo will wait and see, /dear Netty.' ' You aro Very, very good to mo.' It was only a repetition, but, it was all the deeply-moved girl oould find tp say. : ? ' Ib. tho meantime, my love, you will como and make your homo with Lady Fleming and myself.' ? ?: ? .^I'flB-.vexy gratefupfor yow esoeocling kindness to mo, Sir Adrian, but I cannot havo tho happiness you offer me,' repliod Not, with meek firmness. Tho baronot'looked at hor insilont surprise for a momont, and then inquired : 'But what do you mean by your words, my dear ? Why can you not havo and — confer this happiness?' ' I havo two little children, Sir Adrian,',' calmly roplied Net. ''Two — little — children — '' slowly ro peatedtho baronet, oyoingthoyoung croaturo beforo him, with a sort of dismayed inr orcdulity. .' Why — you could not havo been a widow, when my son married you! Nothing to that offeot was told me 1 Two littlo children ! Lord, bless my eoul olivo, it seoms porfeotly preposterous 1 You aro too young, you know !' Tho very ghost of a smilo flitted over the wan face of Httlo ' mammam,' as sho anf swercd: ';'??. 'They aro tho twins, Luke and Ella, children of my dear step-fathor by his second marriage.' ' Oh ! Ah ! Yes ! I seo ! To bo suro !' ox olaimed the baronet, with a look 6f roliof. ' Thoy aro now about four years old. I have had tho caro of them all their lives. Their mother passed away tho day that they wero born,' continued Not, in explanation. .Precisoly ! Just so ! Thoy aro tho chil dren of your step-father by his second wifo, and of not tho least blood-relationship tp yourself?' ' No, but that does not make the least difference I love them just as well as if thoy wero my very own. And thoy know no other mother than myself,' repliod Net, as tho tears of a vague apprehension rose to her eyes. ' : _'?' Tut, tut, my dear girl, you are a good girl, but you don't know what you are talking about. These ohildren of my old friend, children of his old ago, must bo well cared for ; but they must not bo. millstones about your nook tospoil your life.; There is an oxcellont homo in my neighbourhood for the orphan ohildren of clergymen of the Chnrch of England whero they can bo placed, and wher,e they may be brought up andeducated to become teachers — governesses, if they happen to bo girls ; tutors, or curates, if boys. I will seo tho ohildren of my dear friend entered thero. It is tho best disposition that Can be made of them. So that obstacle will be removed from your path, my dear, and I hope you will be ready to return with me to Floming Chase, immediately, after the funeral,' said the baronet, as he arose from his seat. ' I thank you very much for all your kind intentions towards me, Sir Adrian,' replied Net, very courteously, but quite noncom mittingly. She was filled with dismay at the proposition of tho baronet to send her babies to tho Orphan Asylum. She felt too much agitated to combat his resolutions at this instant; but sho was resolved norer to con sent that the little ones, dear to her as if they had been her very own, should be soparatod from her 'to be -.placed in any oharitablo institution; yet sho reflected that she was but a minor, and she wondered with fear whether the .baronet, or any other responsi ble man who' should take it upon himself, might not have the power to dispose of theso orphan ohildreri as he and ' tho court' might see fit. So disturbed was little ' mammam ' by theso thoughts that all she could do. was only to answer' the baronet in tho courteous, non committal words we have recorded. 'Now, my dear, I will bid you good morning,!' said Sir Adrian, holding out his hand. 'No, pray do not go. I thought — I hoped that you would stay here while you should remain in the neighbourhood. Let me show you to your room,' «aid Net, hospitably, rising to perform the duty that there was no man-servant in the house to do for her. ' My dear, you are very good, but I did not expeot to stay here, and I have left my luggage at the Dolphin.' ' Let me send the stable-boy for it, bit. I beg you will not go.' 'Well, well, as you please, my dear. Perhaps it is best that I should be here to look after you,' said the baronet ;. and he took his tablets from his pockets, wrote a few lines on them, tore out the leaf, and handed it to Net, adding : ' You will please to send this order to my valet, at the Dolphin, and he will bring my effeots.' Net took the leaf, and went out to give it to Peter Ken to deliver. Then she^retnrhed to the parlour and re newed her offer to show her vi.-.cor to his xoom. . , ' I have been here before, my dear— in the baphelor days of my late Iriend— and I know something about this rambling house. If yon will tell me where the room is I prefer to find it myself.' 'It is the chamber at the head of the stairs on the left hand, dirootly above this.' ' The very one I' boonpied twenty years ago. I oannot miss it,' said the baronet, as he walked out of the room. The next day Mr. James Flint, junior partner in the firm of Flint Brothers, attor neys-at-law, who, besides managing MisB Deloraine's eBtate, transacted all the late reotor's legal business, came down to Miston, to remain until after the funeral, and look afterjthe interests of his ward. Net, who was consuming with anxiety on aooount of hor babies, took the first oppor tunity of seeking a private interview with Mr. James Flint, to set before him the following oaso, whioh sho put in a very few words': . 'I have had the sole caro of my baby brother and.sister ever sinoo. they were bom. Now they are four years, old, and - 1 am eighteen. Wo are all orphans .and minors. Bat I am even more capable of taking oaie of them now than I ever was before, arid they have' no relative' or friend on earth bat myself. Now, can anyone take them away, from - me and place . them in an orphan asylum or elsewhere without my con sent?' ', . .' In ordinary. . oironmstances any. respon sible Jman or woman,, aoting as tho ' next friend' ofthe orphans, might, with theoonsent of the oaurt, do so. Bat have no fears on this soore, my. dear young lady ; the ohildren oannot be removed from your charge without your, consent, esoept, ' indeed through the aotion of one person, who is not likely to interfere, I should say.' 'And that person?' inquired Net, some what relieved, but Btill.nneasy. 'Your husband,' replied the attorney, in a low tone.. : . :.. 'He is not indeoa likely to trouble himself about us,' thought Net, with a sigh. ' ' No one else will have power to disturb yon in tho ohaige of tho ohildron.' 'But ? how do yon know that, Sir. James ?' inquired Net, speaking in her great anxiety with unintentional rudeness. 'I have the will of your late guardian and Btop-fatuor. And although I am not, at liberty to disolose the terms, of that will before it: shall have been opened publicly after the funeral, yet I may assure: you of this, that no one exoepfcthe one person who is least likely to interfere can dinsurb you in the possession of: your ohildron, 'or: dispose of them without your oonsent. Bat, my dear young lady, ',1 ask you, in yo'nr own interests, how do yon propose to support them?' '?,-? ; '; ' ;: ? '?'??'?' I -do -not know. I have never thought about that yet, bat I know I shall be Able to takeoareof my babioa somc7ww,'-' answered little mannnasa, with tha blind trout'ol one who had never known a real want, or had any oxperienoe in the great difficulty some people havo in being permitted to work for a living. (.' There is an opening towards a fortune for you, my dear yoang lady. Your late step-father munt have told you the objeot of his journey to London — ' 'Yes, yea — aay no more about that, I bog you 1' exolaimed Net, hastily interrupting the lawyer. ' I would n*ver advance a claim that, however legnl it may be, is certainly unjust, and I could not ecj^y any fortune that must come at the expense of a greater calamity to' another.' ' Then let the mattor rest for the present. It may be that at aomo future time you may view it in a different light.' Here the interview closed. On the following day the funeral '. of Dr. Starr took plaoe. All the neighbourhood, ol every ago, rank and sect, attended, fcr the rector was much beloved by all who knew him. The venerable Earl Of Altofilre aroused himself from the apathy of aga and sorrow and came in his family carriage, supported in his Beat by his valet. The CoyleB, who had lately returnod to Oaveland, arrived in thoir old-fashioned coach. The Beandevere family were absent from the neighbourhood, and indeed from, the country, but the baron's bailiff took it upon himself to send the family coach to go in the funeral procession, knowing that by so doing he would express the friendship of hia employer towards tho deceased minister and his hounehold. ' A minister from Carlisle read the imprej alva burial service. After the obsequieB were all over, the mul titude dispersed; with the exception of a few of the most intimate friends, who returned with the bereaved daughter and ohildren to the rectory, to be present at the reading of the will. Among these were Sir Adrian Fleming, Mr. Gojle and Mr. Brandon Ooylo, Dr. Bennet, Bev. Mr. Oomstook, and, of course, Mr. James Flint. Some of these friends, hearing that there was a will, wondered why on earth the reotor had ever thought it neoossary to make one, seeing that ho had little or nothing to leave. The will was read by Lawyer Flint, in the dining-room of the rectory, and in the pre senoe of tho family, frionds, and servants. It needs bat a passing notioe. In it the testator, first of all, oonstitaled his ward and step-daughter of full legal age, and left to her his whole proporly in trust for tho use of his own ohildron, appointing her the sole guardian of his ohildren and the sole exeoutrix of his will.' This oaneod a great deal of oritioism among the hearers. ' Lord bless my soul alive I I never heard of euoh a thing in the whole course of my life I A girl of such a tender ago to bo left with suoh. a burden. and responsibility I If he were not my own old college chum I should say the reotor had been demented !' hotly exolaimed the baronet, seeing how seriously this will would be likely to interfere with his own plariB and prospeots in regard to little mammam and her babies. '.I toll von, Sir Adrian, that vouncr ffirl is better.fitted to disohargo tho duties im posed upon her than most women, or men, either, of any ago whatever ! Sho has been tho mistress of tho rectory and tho guardian of theso ohildren since her fourteenth year, and she has filled her responsible post with consummate ability ! I know it, and can testify to it, if neoessary,' answered Dr. Bennet. ' Perhaps, sir, you were in the confidence and counsels of tho late rector,' said tho baronet; a little sarcastically. . ' It is vory true ; I was. Dr. Starr con sulted me about this same will. . I advised him as to the very course he has pursued,' coolly replied the dootor. - ' A very unwise course, sir ! This will was, besides, made before the marriage of my daughter-in-law, Mrs. Adrian Fleming. As a married woman she is incapacitated for tho functions imposed upon her by this will,' retorted the boron. ' I fancy there is no one but her huBband to bring forward that objection, and he, I think, is absent on foreign travel. Good- day, Sir Adrian. I. have to leave rather abruptly, for a dootor's time is not hiB own,' said the physician, bowing low, and leaving the room. Moot of tha oompany were also departing. . When the room was nearly olear, Sir Adrian went up to Net and Baid : 'My dear, as soon as you can gtfc free from these people, como to me in the study. I want to speak to yon there.' 'Very well, sir, I will go,', replied Net, who saw that the Coyles were approaohing to take leave of her. . Old Mr. Coyle merely took her hand and wrung it in silent sympathy, but wrung it so hard that Net had'nearly cried out with pain. Mr. Brandon Coyle took her fingers and held them in a limp and languid way, 'bend ing over them, and murmuring : ' It is oad to have to oondole with you on the death of your beloved step-father, before I have had the opportunity of congratulating you on your marriage.' ' Thanks, Mr. Coyle, but both are quite un necessary, I assure you,' coldly replied Net, who always instinctively shrank from the dark,, handsome, sorpentine Brandon. Coyle bowed ceremoniously and turned away. These two were the last departures. Then Net went into the library, where the baronet aat in the old leathern nhair that had once been' the reotor's familiar seat, and at the old writing-table upon which the' reotor's sermons had all teen written. . It gave Net a passing pang to see another sitting then. ' . '. Oome iD, my dear. I have much to aay to you.' Sit down beside me here,' said the baronet, rising, and leading the girl to a chair ntar his own Net aat' down and waited. Too well she knew what was coming next. ' This will of your lata step-father and guardian, my dear, was a very unwise one, if you will permit me to say so,' began the baronet. ' My dear father was an eminently wise and good man,' aaid Net, In generous defence of tho departed. . ' i ' ' Yes, yes, good, moat certainly ! emin ently good, as you say,' aBBented the baronet, in a conciliating tone, ' and wise ? very wise in— ah — most respects ! But the wisest are liable to make mistakes. Your late father has made a BeriouB ono in im posing upon a girl so young and -'inex- perienced as yourself so onerous a respon sibility as the charge of those ohildren.' (To II continued.) 