ABCHBISHOP VAUGHAN ON THE EDUCATIONAL OFESTIOiL The following address was kindly han ded to us, with a request to publish it; and :ts it is one of deep interest to all, we herewith reproduce that portion of it specially referring to Education. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new school-house in Weston Street, West Balmain, N.S.W., was per formed on Sunday afternoon by his Grace Archbishop yaughan, in the presence of over lCOO persons. His Grace, prior to laying the foundation-stone, addressed the gathering as follows:—It was only., the other day that 1 had the gratification of laying the foundation-stone of a school at Forest Lodge—where, in a few minu tes, six hundred pounds were subscribed. Before the end of this month I shall be doing the same for the great schools at Darlinghurst; and now I am here, in the midst of our Catholic working men, just about to perforin the same ceremony for father Dillon; and, I suppose, to say some few words upon the all-absorbing topic of Catholic education. And, first of all, 1 must express to you my unfeig ned delight at being in the amidst of you this evening. I look upon you, the Catholic workingmen of thus district, with eyes and feelings of especial sympathy and admiration. You know that if you ■ft ere travelling in Yorkshire, and you began to tell a Yorkshireman how much you admired Mr So and So, that York shireman would at once turn upon you sharp, and ask—What did he give you ? Now, what is. that you. have given me, to compel me to speak of yoa in the terms in which I have spoken P I will tell you; you have given me the con sciousness that the very poorest of our people possess that true Catholic spirit -which shows itself in great and noble works . They say in the country that when a storm is coming of unusual violence, the animals become unusually quiet in the fields, and there.seems to be a hush in nature till suddenly the cataracts of heaven open, and the thunder bellows as the forked lightening flashes on every side and shiv era and chars, and turns into a black ■wreck the noblest tree of the forest. Though things cannot well be as bad as this, I will not conceal from myself that . there are signs in the heayens of that which of all things else in a free country is likely to prdduce such a-storm as no bishop or priest would be able to avert. I refer to the spirit of tyranny and perse cution that seems as if .it was about to be miithftiHed. Am I not an ^Englishman finding here before the children of the 04^hxace? Have I not since the yery ^^t day l landed here, now well nigh six years Ago, held out the . hand of brother ' to ail of jou. - AudLdidI not tell . jw tl^t ypor sympathies were welded to~ ; jbonds jof ancient ^suffering* and that the thought of what your people went through on one side of the channel, joined to the thought of the presecntions suffered by my own on the other—did I not- say that this bound me to vou with an unconquerable sympathy, strong as charity, which is more powerful than death ? And have I not, during these six years that I haye been your spokes man and your friend, proved to vou that those words were J NOT TAUT WOBDS, but that they were the expression of a hidden energy that has spent itself and will spend itself to the end in your ser vice? And did we not congratulate one with another that we had found in a bright and sunny land, where " no sorrow nor crying should be any moreand did wo not think that though the past were painful, still we had put 16,000 miles of sea between ourselves and the scenes of - Ancient suffering and degradation ? Yes, we did. But, alas ? have we not been sanguine in our anticipations ? What did we suffer as slaves and helots for at home? Because we preferred torture! and death to acting against our consci ence, and to be butchered and embowel led rather than allow those for whom we were responsibile to be tampered with in their faith. We hoped that we had escaped ■ from all forms of tyranny and persecution by coming so far away—where we were told that all were equal, and all were free. I hoped that by my kindness to yoa, and by standing up for you, and defending you, and showing sympathy and love to you, that X should in some way make up1 for all you had undergone at the hands : of-my own countrymen j and I did hope th&t; they out here would only;" be too glad to join me and treat you with excep tional tenderness, especially with regard to your religion and your children, with the thought in their minds—with the burning consciousness of all cruel, mon strous wrongs that they had inflicted on yott in the past. 3ut all this seems to be a yain illusion—a dream from which we are to be aroused by about the most ingenious devised piece of Scientific peesecftioit that has been invented in modern times. The end of the more brutal form of per secution, and of the more cultivated is oae-r-jt is to destroy our holy religion. I believe the scientific method is more effective, and 1 believe more odious, than the mom expeditious tray of tearing out the heart and bowels of a living and grown man. Hero the plan is to strike at little children—at the helpless little ^ehilren of the Catholic, poor. So you &<h>w that in the days of trial they had » special instrument for squeesiog the life and blood out of those Catholics w£o 1 declined to deny |heir €k>d? It was a kind of preas/^ipth a screw at the top. The Catholic njan' or woman was shoved into this press,: just huge enough to hold one j Jhe top was forced down Witli the ecrew until it touchedthe head and " Da& of the victim. Then< the real op eration began. a alow, almost iro percepf i ble p rpce?8, the top was continu ally pushed further and further down till the victim first lost breath, then the frame gradually gave way, and the whole body collapsed into a mangled, bleeding mass. This was called THE SCAVENGER'S DAUGHTER. Now, the modern Scavenger's Daughter is of a different construction. The Arch bishop and Bishops have told you that the secularist system,and schools founded on that system, so far as Catbolics are concerned, are " seedplots of future infi delity, immortality, and lawlessness," for they tend towards destroying the fullness of. your Catholic faith, and hence your Catholic morality and reverence, and I .jam glad to see that the newspapers have been fixing that condemnation indelibly 1 on your minds by their continued and opportune quotation of the words of the Joint Pastoral. "Well, using my private j judgment in the choice of an expression, j I would call those schools " Scavenger's j daughters," because they are the effec tive instruments invented by man for squeezing very gradually aud almost im perceptibly the Catholic faith out of a Catholic people. I have said this before in other words; the Bishops have spoken with me; the world knows what our teaching is ; it has been printed and re printed in every newspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established that Catholics cannot in conscience send their children to non-Catholic schools. It is, moreoyer, well known, it has bpon in all the newspapers, that we objecc to sending clergymen to the public schools, whether with class room or without, to join the jar of tongues and the contradic tion of creeds which is abhorrent from all our instincts of reverence and religion. We have most carefully, and I think I may say boldly, spoken out as was our I bounden duty, knowing as we did that a I change was about to be made in the | Education Act unfavourable to our views. What has been the result? First of all A HUBEICANE OF ABUSE AND ENDLESS INSULT cast upon what is dearer to us than life itself, on our holy religion. As to those who have abused and insulted me person ally, the worst wish I harbour in their regard is that they have the grace to become Catholics before they die. Well, during the downpour, I endeavoured calmly and clearly to state our case. One thing I believe all wilJ admit—that our case has been stated clearly, and is per fectly intelligible, Next, Parliament meets. The outlines of the new educa tion scheme are laid before the country. Wbat are its provisions ? What is its drift? There is one thing in its drift that I admire, and that is that it evident ly attempts to meet the requirements of some large sections of the community. It not only implies a knowledge of their existence, but it also aims at answering some of their wants.. The Church of England will have greater facilities for religious instruction; the Non-conrorm ists will have, it seems, all they want, so far as they are concerned; the League will have several concessions, partial complusion, if not entire, and an approach to freedom of fees. I admire any attempt of meeting the wishes of large classes. Iam only too pleased when I see my fellow-colonists rejoicing in a method of education which gives them, as fathers and mothers, peace and happiness when they think of their children. I would be among the first to interfere, the first to speak out were they tyrannised over, or were their conscientious convic tions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. So far the promise of the new Bill solicits my respects. But this very quality, which I admire as bearing upon Protestants, heightens my sense of grief and indignation when I reflect that Catholics exclusively are, in a studied move, apparently ignored, whilst BEALITT THEY ABE TRAMPLED ON. Working men of Balmain, Iam addressing myself to you. You love your religion bet ter than your life, if I may judge from the past. You would rather die that jeopar nise the future Catholic prospects of your children. Your Church and your Bis hops proclaim what your consiences and your instincts tell you is the simple truth—that you may not send your chil dren to public schools. Your are poor, working, honest, labouring men, getting your 35s a week, trying to provide little homes for yourselves, and to bring up your children as good and respectable as I yourselves. In you I am addressing all the labouring Catholics in the colony. We Catholics represent some one-third— some say more some—of the population. The next bill treats tenderly all the other sections. How does it treat you ? Can you with the wildest stretch of imagina . tion, and Irishmen are not deficient in 1 that, can you in your wildest moments j imagine a single point in that bill which shows that you have been thought of with kindness and sympathy? Have you not the painful consciousness that so far as this new scheme is concerned your case has been ignored, whilst, all others havebeeii thought of? Show me one single point where there is a sign, or shcdow,or ghost of a shadow of a sign that respect has been felt for THE CONSCIENTIOUS CONVICTIONS OF ONE THIBD OF THE POPULATION. of the great Catholic interest in this colony. Thought of! Yes, you have been thought on, you have not been ignored. It would seem to some that you have been, unceasingly before the eyes of those who framed this bill, that they might not, even by pome inadvertent blunder throw you some miserable shred of justice. And they have n^fc kept you in view in vain. Whil8t eeemingiy ig*j0rimj you, they have knowingly, invented instrument of scientific persecution exquisite m its pefc fection for carrying out itB ends. . It coin-' binds insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to Ignore your existence tramples your' iwAsfc: cherished Aspirations tinder i foot Working 'men bf Balmaln/iet me explain myself. You have to live on hard earned wages, and you know the worth of small sums of money, and can only with thrift and care keep the wolf from the door. What does the new bill do for you for the thousands of Catholic poor? Does it sympathise with your poverty, and en courage your sturdy faith, and sooth youf£ hard life by giyingyour children a chanc^' of being instructed in peculiar know ledge, and being brought up thorough Catholics? I WILL TELL YOtT IN A FEW WORDS WHAT IT DOES FOB YOU. If it could speak it would say—though its fratners may not mean it—it would say i~" I am a modern monstrosity so contrived as to flatter all sections of the community except the Eoman Catholic. These miserable creatures must be got rid of somehow, but first of all they must be kicked and insulted. My predecessor, born in 1866, was a fair specimen of per secution for that day, but we are older now, and have advanced further into light. ^ That bill forced thousands of the Catholic poor, and the rich, too, to pay for the education of other people's child ren, in schools they could not use them selves. But I am an improvement on that. I am going to build great Gram mar schools for bovs, and the Catholics shall pay equally with those who use them for those also. Palaces for girls shall also be established, where girls shall learn to be discontented possibly with their home and with their lot. Catholics, though they cannot use these, shall pay for them, too, as if they did. Then I mean, moreover, to multiply the schools they cannot use and reduce the fees, and Catholics shall bear their bur den here as well. To this I mean to add about THE MOST EXQUI8ITE INSULT POSSIBLE that is to have each Public school, having so many children, furnished with a class room which Catholics cannot use. In this class-room all the various denominations whose very existence is a protest against the Catholic religion, shali teach their various creeds, and as a necessary conse quence condemn thefaith of Catholics, so that Catholics will be paying for t)ie very buildings in which, day after day, and hour after hour, their religion is, or may be denounced in terms well-known to all ? To this insult, perfect in its kind, I am going to ad3 an INJURY EQUALLY PERFECT IN ITS NATURE. Haying ignored every single just demand, having made the Catholics pay, as has been described, I then carry the war into the enemies camp. They Ptill have De nominational schools,they love them, they are proud of them, they erected them at great expense—these I mean to knock on the head. For, since Catholics are the poorest section of the community, and since their small means ^re forced from them to — " PAY FOB THE EDUCATION OF OTHER PEO PLE'S CHILDREN, how will they be able, poor as they are to pay as it were, out of both pockets at once, to educate their own as well as those of others? How can they keep pace with the reduction of fees ? They may struggle for a time, like fish in a net, but we will take them out of their • bath of supernatural light,' and if they do not bocome infidels or ranters, they will become nondescripts—and anything, even a blackfellow, is better than a Paptist." Such is the lan guage in which the new bill, so far as I know anything of it, speaks to me. I do not mean to insinuate that all this was intended ; possibly, such a picture as I haye painted did not consciously enter the intentions of legislation. I am simply speaking of facts, which are hard things. That is the language of the bill/ to any intelligent man who has ears to hear, and to eyery intelligent Catholic who has a soul and a heart beating in his body. It is A MODERN MONSTROSITY of cruelty and tyranny, so far as we are concerned; and I believe every fair minded man in the community will sym pathise with us, assist us to preserve our freedom of conscience, and to obtain our just and self-evident rights. Why should we alone be ignored ? Why should our cry not be heard? Why should Catholics and only Catholics be trampled on, and insulted in the way I have described ? We do not stand in the way of others j we rejoice when they are happy; when they can feel that their children are doing well, it is true pleasure to us. What pleasure or happiness is there, in seeing j us sad and broken, like slaves and serfs, who have no friends, and are as outcasts j of the people ? What pleasure, in this nineteenth century, is there in producing so grave an irritation, so galling a wound, as will be produced if that bill becomes law? I cannot believo it. I will not believe that the majority, the sound .por tion of the community wJl stand by sil ently and not support us in our just struggle for liberty and fair-play. Coleridge on Hossbbacx.—Coleridge was a remarkably awkward horseman, so much so as generally to attract notice. He was once riding along the turnpike-road in the county of Durham, when a wag, approaching him, noticed bis peculiarity, and (quite mis taking bis maB) thought the rider a fine sub ject for a little sport, when, a* he drew near be thus accosted Mr <3.~M I say.youtig man, didyou meet a tailor on the roan?"—** Yes,7' jfejtffga Mr C.; wnb ^as nev^r'^ai a^loss for a jejpmder, " I did; and he toldTtofe if l went a litfcle; further I should meet a goose/' The assailanfc was struck dumb, while the travel, lerjo^edon. An Ink 'Hiveb—In Algeria there is a river of genuine ink formed by the union pf (tiro streams, one miming from a region of •ferruginous Boil, the other draining -a- peat swamp. The water of the former is strongly impregnated with Iron, that of the latter with gallic acrd. Wthen the two. waters mingle, the acidof the onennitefl with the inii of the other> forming atrneink* 