THE EFFECTS OF GAMBLING. (A TRUE STORY. ) WE may premise that we have taken the precaution of ascertaining the correct name and address of the leading character in this veracious story, as a guarantee of good faith, but not necessary for publication. Should any earnest young man, who has been unfortunate enough to be led into the evils of gambling, desire them, he may, on application at this office, obtain our hero'B local habitation and his name. So far as the general public are concerned, and in order not to defeat the ends of justice, we will call him John Johnston Walker. John Johnston Walker, then, was the son of a man who had been well-to-do, but drink and dice soon did what those two d's have done for many others, drove him to the D and D. T.'s. Old Walker was a card-player and a gambler almost from his birth. Being a lazy and sleepy child he usually was one in his "crib," and even when he tumbled put he succeeded in getting the same number of points for his "nob." As soon as be could walk if he could get a full hand of anything he would try to go alone, and several times when turning up a spade in the garden, he was " all but" out of the world before he got through with it. As he grew older he gambolled on the playground, and when arrived to man's estate he took as partner a missy named Loo, and the result was our hero, a little Jack, playing on "all fours." Cards and dice, with their attendant liquors, put their hands in his purse in a free, easy, and accessible maimer, and delirium tremens introduced a sixth clause into his constitution, which effectually settled his right of existence. The ruling passion still was strong in death. " Your life is not worth a shake of the dice," said the doctor to Old Walker, as he lay upon his bed. "What's the main?" was the enquiry in reply. "All the spots that ever shone on ivory against you," said the doctor. "Three sixes, eh ?" said the dying man, "then the die is cast. I'm stuck." And with a final shake of his old bones, he anted up. It was not to be supposed for an inBtant that the good-natured friends of John Johnston Walker neglected to " improve the occasion" of his father's sad fate. Everyone told him to take warning lest he should be tempted to go and do likewise. His schoolmaster lectured him, and the clergyman preached at him, on the pernicious effects of any kind of drink, and every sort of gambling, until out of mere curiosity and perversity he tried the tastes of beer and Chinese lottery. This happened just after he had entered a solicitor's employment as office-boy, "Ah," said his friends, " ale and fantan will now seal his doom. He will embezzle his master's money, and forge his name to a cheque. He will be sent to gaol, and he will come out a hardened criminal. Then as a natural consequence he will take to robbery under arms, and he will be secured. We can foresee it all as plainly as if his body were at this present moment being allowed to hang the usual time required by law. Mark our words, he will never be able to shake off that terrible infatuation of Chinese gambling— never—never—never 1" Strange to say, John Johnston Walker did stop Chinese gambling, and still stranger, took to saving two or three shillings a week. His wondering friends shook their heads knowingly, and whispered : " His father's ghost has appeared to him in a dream and warned him. He has turned over a new leaf, and intends to be articled. He is now saving up money to pay the law lecturer's fees—that's what he's up to." But he wasn't. John Johnston Walker knew as well as anyone that it would take a lifetime of economy to save the exorbitant law feeB charged by the Melbourne University. He knew that that excellent institution was for the rich only, and that graduating there was many degrees above his pocket. He saved his shillings however, until he had amassed a pound sterling. Oh, my young readers, what did he do with that pound ? Did he purchase a freehold allotment in some rising locality ? Did he put it in the Melbourne Savings Bank at 4 per cent interest ? Did he devote it to the task of clothing the colored heathen in cheap tweed and obtrusive sanctity ? No, my readers, he did not thus lay up his treasure upon earth. He "blessed" the bank, "biowed" the heathen, and busted up all idea of a large landed estate. With that pound he bought a ticket in a "Monster Sweep" on the Melbourne Cup. "Ah," said his friends, "now we shall see what we shall see. True, we know that he has saved this pound, but if he hadn't saved it he would have embezzled it, and then our prophecy would have come true. But wait a while. He will draw a blank in the sweep, and then wbat'll the end be?" Alas, for thi£ erring misguided young man's luck! He drew a horse in the sweep, and by some unaccountable accident which his friends were unable to explain, his horse actually won the race, and John Johnston Walker was richer by nearly a thousand pounds, His friends, certain that he would never be able to make a good use of ill-gotten money, tried to borrow some of it from him, but he only smiled profanely, and asked them to gaze into his lustrous eyes, and tell him whether they observed any symptoms of verdancy there. Whatever colour they saw there, they didn't see the colour of his money, so they went from this profane young man and prophesied sad fates for him harder than ever. John Johnston Walker married a barmaid, and opened an hotel. " This will be the end of him," cried his friends, "the love of drink will now grow upon him rapidly. He will get worse and worse, his barmaid wife will rob the till, and run off with some former sweetheart, and John Johnston Walker will drink himself to death, commit suicide, set fire to his public-house, and all that will be left of him to hold an inquest on will be a charred heap of alcoholically calcined bones. Just wait long enough, and you'll see." Again did some evil-disposed spirit interfere on Walker's behalf, to upset the invariable course of nature. The publican did not become a confirmed sot, nor did his wife elope with any one else, nor did ruin generally fall upon the ill-starred pair. On the contrary Mr. John Johnston Walker remained a moderate drinker, and amassed a considerable fortune. His wife was a faithful and loving wife, and brought up a numerous family. They retired from business, live happily, and go to church regularly. But as his friends truly remark, what is bred in the bone will come out in the flesh, and the ineffaceable mark of Cain has not been erased. The love of gambling has already shown in the children of Mr. and Mrs. Walker, for the friends are credibly informed that one of the little girls has won a necklace in a raffle, and his boys play marbles '' for keeps," As for John Johnston Walker, if he did not go to ruin, he Bhould have done so. His friends are very much grieved that his gambling did not bring him to the gallows as they had prophesied, and all of them have made solemn vows to the effect that they will risk a pound on the chance of drawing the winner in the forthcoming Melbourne Cup. 