SOME ACCIDENTAL JOKES. It has often been Baid that tho best jokes are those whioh are made by accident, aud this is certainly the oase with proper names. Few intentional ' bulls' have ever been moro complete than the grave official entry in a list of Scottish landed proprietors: ' John Elder, the younger, in right of Mrs. Margaret Husband, his wife.' The worthy oountry gentleman who, ? eighty years two. taunted tho leader of the English opposition with looking like ' a fox that had fallen into a pit,' waB aa muoh astounded as anyone at the roar of laughter whioh greeted this un conscious pun upon the names of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox. The three last governors of tho Don Cossaoks have ohanoed to bear names whioh reBpeotively signify Fire, Flood, and Fiend. In the liBt of tho English Navy for the last oentury. the reader's eye is still startled by tho sight of the frigate Vcngeancc, o'ommanded. by oaptain Death, with a first oilioer oalled William Devil, and a surgeon bearing the pleasantly suggestive name of John Ghost. Biit 'of all the authentio cases of this kind, the moBt singular is one whioh occurred at a wayside tavern in the WeBt of England not many years ago. Three roister ing commercial travellers meeting there one winter ' evening, bad a hearty -carouse to gether as 'a mattor of course. Sapper over, the three found some difficulty in allotting their respective shares ol the bill ; but one of them at length. cut short the diBpute by pro poBing that whoever had tbe ' oldest name' among them should go scot free, the expenBeB being halved by the other two.'. This amend-' mont being promptly accopted, No. 1 pro duced a' card insoribed 'Riohard Eve,' whioh No. 2 trumped with ' Adam Brown.' The No. 8, a portly veteran with a humor ous grey eye, laid down .his card, with the quiet confidence of a great general making a decisive : movement, and remarked . with' a thick ohucklo, '1 don't1 muoh: think you'll beat this 'un, gents.' And he was right, for the namo was ' Mr. B. Ginning/' Tickle. — Lord Brougham, proverbial for hiB gallantry to tho fair sex, was pleading in a jury caBO before the late Lord - ? , and his olieht, 'happening to be a female,' and defender in the aotion'of the name of Tickler,, ho oommehoed hiB speeoh in the following humorous 1 strain — '? Tiokler, my olient, the- defendant, :my ' lord.'' Tho . audience, amazed with the oddity of the speeoh, were almost drawn into hysterics of laughter by the judge replying — 'Tioklo her youreel', Harry; you're better able to do't than I am.' 