PINAFORE. THIS screaming comic opera, by Gilbert and Sullivan, is very much to the fore at the Academy of Music. Johnny Hall's vampire sailor, Deadeye, is certainly a most wonderful performance, and is fitly described in his own words, "angular, mysterious, peculiar." It is the sort of mariner one sees in one's dreams, after a banquet of unlimited underdone pork and lots of stuffing. A horrible nightmare of a tar, a corkscrew of a sailor, who twists, and writhes, and turns, and whose uncouthness would make Jack Woods green with envy. His voice was very husky, but that lent the performance an additional weird charm. It was the kind of voice you would expect a well-brought-up ghost to speak in when .addressing you on subjects connected with " Davy Jones's Locker." The "sweet little Buttercup, dear little Buttercup." of Mrs. Hall, was redolent of new mown hay, and wild roses, and a milk pail, rather than of the sea and sailors. It certainly came as a shock to one's feelings, when she, in a mysterious and dreadful verse, informed the " galliant captain and his crew" .that she once had been a baby-farmer, and had so mixed up her infants that they never sorted themselves out quite right again. We always had a fixed idea that baby-farmers were hideously ugly, and old and scraggy, and drank gin like water. But if Mrs. Hall's Buttercup is to be taken as a typical farmer, we wish we were born again several times, to be nursed by such a jolly buxom little woman. Mr. Lingard's Sir Joseph Porter, K.C.B., has occasioned some difference of opinion. Mr. Gilbert evidently intended the first lord to be a solemn slow-thinking nincompoop, eaten up with red tape, and his own ideas of etiquette, uttering his common-place politenesses in a measured mournful manner. The key-note to his character is struck by Josephine, when she says, '' His mind must be of no common order, or he would not dare to teach my papa to dance a hornpipe on the cabin table." And when he himself utters the " standing rule of the British Admiralty, that love levels all ranks," you acknowledge the presence of a glorious humbug, atriton amongst minnows, a thorough colonial Cabinet Minister. We have purposely left Josephine, the magnificent, to the last. The beautiful sailoress seemed to work a spell on all around her. Ralph Backstraw, her sweetheart, came in for the largest share of the magic of her beauty. At times he seemed so overcome, that he forgot to act; but we did not wonder at it, we only wished we were Ralph Backstraw, A.B., on board H.M.S. Pinafore, and then in the words of the nautical song, " The sailor's wife, the sailor's star would be, Yo ho J we'd go across the sea." If Josephine is a fair sample of the lasses that love sailors, why, oh! why did not our father bring us up to the sea? Taken altogether, Pinafore is thoroughly enjoyable. The wit is immense, the music is very pretty indeed, and now the piece runs smoothly, and the singers have shaken down into their parts, there is not a better entertainment in Melbourne to drive dull care away, than the comic opera at the Academy of Music. 