THE SHADOW ON THEIR PATH. WHAT an awful funk the political globe-trotters must have been in, when Berry resorted to the extraordinary proceeding of threatening the P. and O. Company's agent with all sorts of dire consequences if he sold a passage ticket to Henderson Afrieauus ! And what a compliment to the latter 1 The Chief Secretary, the tame Professor, the Government Statist and the Orderly, were evidently believed to be no match for the third ambassador. He must be left behind at all hazards. To confront him continually; to have him sitting opposite to the Berry quartette, like atra cura, at the piiucipal hotels cn route; to know that he was acting as the biographer of G. B., to the other guests at table; and to feel that H. A. would secure as much attention in London and Paris as the crazy Don and his faithful squire ; were felt to be circumstances which would take all the gilt off this gingerbread expedition. It would have wounded poor Berry where he is most sentitive—in his conceit. It would have been, as Charles Lamb said of a poor relation, " an odious approximation, a haunting conscience, a preposterous shadow, lengthening in the noon-tide of his prosperity, an unwelcome remembrance, a perpetually recurring mortification, a rent in his garment, a death's head at his banquet, a lion in his path, a frog in his chamber, a fly in his ointment, and a mote in his eye." Henderson Afrieauus would have risen up before him, like Banquo's ghost before Macbeth. Berry's dreams would have been disturbed by visions of his sombre rival; and when they met in places of public entertainment, the Anglo-African would have cut in and taken away G. B's partner from under his very nose. Such a prospect was insupportable ; and therefore the P. & O. Company's agent was threatened with the vengeance of the Government if he dared to receive the £50 which was tendered to him as the passage money of the third ambassador. How great must have been the fear with which the Don regarded his rival enemy '. And what a triumph for Henderson Africanus 1 