ABOUT - TO war, Br LAL. 1 THE BROKEESSHOP. In several parti of the* town you will find various " «>ld curiosity shops" or what would be knownat'"Home", as marinestores where you will find an incongruous mass of miscellaneous articles, vulgarly termed "from'a needle tx^an anchor" an ominum gatherum. Old books, old bootCold clothes, old fire- irons, axes, knives, saws, ever/thitig q|d. theironSas got old, and an old, old woman answers yourlcnockajt the front of the store. The building is very old and decayed, and lias a tumble-down appearance inside and out ; and is haunted with the ghost of iilily and Tntii>re substantial, I judge a id occA^i till, inside and put, there is decay. The root . . does not si ^iteritight; the Jgjatls jiave a stained and mouldy appearance stained with leak%c of old rains' the spouts have gone astray, and looks ,groggy/ but the/ have had a kinde heart as they have evidently-been weeping and meant to let th water down easy, not fall straight for fear that it should get hurt hut by degrees in a startin^-dicular direction you almost expect to hear that the old shed wheeze and cough. It has such a rheunVy look, the tracks of snails may be traced on the walls, and their slimy way traced on the floor, and seem to,begin and end at the deiapidated skirtings. At such a shop front I paused the other day and casting my eyesiover the miscellaneous store of article?-exposed for sale «t the shutter window, which innocent of glass opens direct on to the street when on a broad kind of shelf lay the wares offered for saleor exchange which mode of dealing was Jaughly iutiniated^i^t-be;^oiflpil1fied.-l painted whits letters on black ground, evidentlytlie work of some amateur artist in his earl'- est lessons in lettering, cr an old hand before he had taken his " nobbier" tosfceadyhisiiand. Beingslightly abiblimaniac I was attracted by a heap of books of all sorts and sizes and ages, all kinds of covers there were probably about a hundred* volume* of all sorts laving hiekledy-pickledy as if turned out like a barrow load of bricks by a bricklayer's labourer when half drunk. I took one up at random it was a bible, dirty, beer-stained, and ragged in the cover, and did appear to have been much read, as °t he leaves lav close and compact together and t he Word of Wisdom the ins! ruction of honesty and truth in the saered volume did not appear to liave been much scanned, I took up another book iL was also a religious work, and so were the first dozen I opened, all had evidently been kept where both dust and n oili doth corrupt" and probably all " where thieves break through, ami•"steal" one after another I turnedtheui over and it stn.ee me that they must hare formed a Sunday-school or some WVi institution. I opened one more it had a name in it and a printed ticket of Wesleyan Sabbath School and written in a fU leaf were the following words : " Presented to Willie Ospre..'' for good conduct ana regular attendance at Sabbath-School Christmas, 1835." lte was a dramatist, and he tried to sofrcft the heart of ;vn obduratecritic., ""How.would you like it ^now? You donV know what it is to be. hissed." But^he eKtiVmade answer. in his barbarity, J* Just you put me iu your next pie^e and 1 shail soon know." " Parson tells me. Sir," said;a British farmer once, speakin r of that extraordinary race of people, the gypsies, " that th. ir origin is lost in the inidit of iniquity ; and I am bound to sa/ 1 1 be k>ve him, for greater rogues don't live." He caught a cold, a horri^ cold (Tliey do who go a-fisliin') A id tliis accounts what would else; llave sent him jo perdition. For when a neigl^or kindjv,asked With voice ss sweet as ta|Fy, " Did Javi ])Iea»an tiu e ?' ii-e said; Well, yes, a liite 