CASTLE DALY* A STORY OF AN IRISH HOME THIETY YEAES AGO. (By the Author of ' Oldlury,' Sfc.) CHAPTEE XXXIX. (Continued.) As these thoughts crowded in Ellen's mind, her eye wandered over the landscape almost ?without seeing anything, and then suddenly a perception of what was before her came back with a start, and a thrill went through lier as she remeruhered that, for ahout a minute, she had been watching the approach ox a man s figure to the Jieacl or the bridge, and now perceived that he was moving along ?with the limping gait that had always dis tinguished Murdock Malachy. She did not scream, but she sat down breathless on the window-sill. The faint light made every thing shadowy and ghost-like. It might be her imagination, occupied with thoughts of Murdock, that created the image, yet it came steadily on and grew more solidlook ing at every step. In the shadow of the house it became a black, undistinguishable form ; but- it drew close to the window, leaned its arms on the sill, and said in a low voice, that Ellen recognized at once : '''Anne, is that you? Will you take me in, as you did once before, when I ran away and surprised you here at the window ?' ' Connor ! dear, dear Connor ! it is not Anne ; it is I, Ellen. How could you come back here, to put yourself in danger of being seen by O'Eoone P' '?' Go round to the door and let me in, and I'll tell you all about it. I'm too tired and faint and dead-beat altogether to jump through the window now.' ' And hurt ; are you hurt ? — you walk lame.' ' Only footsore : and, at all events, before morning comes, and I present myself to old O'Eoone to save him the pleasure of sending for me, we'll have had our talk out, and I'll have seen Anne again, and supped olf a Happy-go-lucky fish-pie once more.' ' Where's D'Arcy ?' Ellen asked, as soon as she had brought Connor in, and shut the door of the room behind him. ' In Galway to-night ; but before forty eight hours are over, he'll be on the sea on his way to America, I hope.' ' And oh, Connor ! why are not you with him ? How could you come back here to break all our hearts with fear for youP' ' You ask me that, and you know where Pelham is now ; and Ellen, you know, too, as well as I do, that my mother had rather a thousand times that I came to grief alto gether than that his little linger ached. Do you think I could live free out there, and let him be ruined on my account, and she perhaps cursing me lor what I had brought on him? I have made a mess of my life altogether, and may as well come to an end and let luckier people have their chance.' ' Connor, you are unjust to mamma and forget all the rest of us, when you speak like that.' ' Well, well, don't let us argue about it. I've made up my mind, and I'm too done-up for an argument now. Let me sit clown, and give me something to eat and drink. I ?would not like to come before old O.'Eoone to-morrow looking too much like a victim, for all that's come and gone ; one may as well die one way as another if one puts a bold face on it to the last ; and anyhow I'll give myself up of my own good will. I won't be taken or betrayed, as has chanced to better men than me this year.' ' No one would betray you here,' Ellen said, eagerly catching at the word. ' We might easily hide you for a week or so in Good People's Hollow, till we see what hap pens. You 7iced be in no hurry to give yourself up.' ''Bui i am in a hurry, Eileen aroon. Don't argue with me : I told you I was dead boat, dear; and it's a comfort In see some plain thing to do when all one has looked forward to and believed in has crumbled to pieces under one's feet, and one hardly icuows where oue is standing.' ' How did you hear about Pelham ?' ' A Galway boy, who had seen Pelham taken to prison, came to the place where D'Arcy and I were hiding, and told me all ; and another fellow brought me word this morning that he had. just seen our mother and Lesbia standing among the miserable crowd round Die prison doors trying to get in, and that (hey v/ero sent away weeping, the two of them. That was enough. I talked it over with D'Arcy, and though we wore sorry to part, he said I was right, and acknowledged that he should be glad enough to have such an excuse for giving it all up and making an end. He would have gone j r with me to the authorities in Galway if I'd } have let him ; but I persuaded him to stay } and take his chance, and I had set my heart f on another look at the Hollow, and a night of 1 chat with yoiij Eileen rroon, aud on the ' 1 satisfaction of seeing with my own eyes the look of baffled spite that will come on the faces of the two O'Eoones when I show them that they will have to loose their hold on Pelham ; so I came here. To sit in this window-seat again was well worth the walk, and I mean to enjoy the fish-pie when you get it me, I can tell you. Only don't argue with mo, avourneen, I'm' not in the humour for that.' The playful, coaxing smile that lighted up Connor's pale face at the last words was too much for Ellen ; she hurried from the room to fetch the refreshments that she saw were so much needed, and as she hastily got them together, racked her brain to think of some expedient for detaining Connor till Dr. Ljnich or John Thornley could see him and try to dissuade him from his purpose. She debated within herself whether to call up one of the servants and dispatch a summons to Dr. Lynch to come to-night ; but she decided it would be too great a risk. Ballyowen was full of strange policemen aud soldiers, and a large reward had been offered for Connor's arrest, and some one even of their own people might be found base enough to think it a pity that so large a sum should be be lost by a voluntaiy surrender. Ellen knew Con nor well enough to be convinced that it would be a great additional pang to him to be baulked of his self-surrender, and she thought it better to trust to her own per suasions than risk inflicting such a wound as betrayal at the last would be. She had had previous experience of Connor in moods of deep despondency following on great ex citement, and she could not help thinking that, after refreshment and rest, she should find him more persuadable. As the evening passed on, however, and the conversation between them was prolonged, she was obliged to acknowledge to herself that for once his resolution was too firmly rooted for any words of hers to shako it. He had been wholly unprepared for the events of the last few days, and the downfall to his expecta tions had been so great a shock as to make him loose his hold on hope, and turn from the future with loathing. There was keen remorse, too. for the share he had had in de luding Murdock and the young men of the neighbourhood who were now in prison with Pelham. They spoke long of Murdock, and Connor was deeply touched when Ellen re peated his last words. ' He would not have blamed me or lost faith in me, poor fellow, if he had lived to see what a failure it was. I don't believe that unj of them will, even if they are sent with common felous across the sea and never see Ireland again ; but I begin to sec it is a terrible thing we have done. We made a world for ourselves of our own hopes and :lreams, and brought them to act in it.' ' Then don't 3rou think.' said Ellen, eagerly, '' that you are bound to live to undo 'he harm you have done P Does not Mur lock's death, that bought j'our life, bind you to some service for Ireland before you lie P We don't see yet what it is to be, or iow it could be rendered, but the call may ;ome.' ' But death may serve as well as life. Patriots' blood is just as much the seed of lationality as martyrs' of the Church. D'Arcy has always said that the power of standing by each other in misfortune is what we want above all. and if I give an example af that to the death, I shall have done some thing. You. may call it laziness if you like, but it's just all I've strength left for. And ialking of laziness, dear, this sofa is very comfortable; I think I'll just lie down and }0 to sleep, and \rou may conic and call me u the morning. I daresay I'll sleep till the mil's well up, for it's long since I've had a p.iiet night, or such a bed as this to sleep on ; mil as I said before, I don't want to look like i victim when I give myself up. My plan s to ride to old O'Eoone's door just when ,he family are sitting down to breakfast, and o walk into, the breakfast-room with a lower in my button-hole, and a gay ' good norning ' and hand-shake to all the ladies ?ound, asifree and easy as if I had come to take Darby out fishing or shooting with me, as I iscd to do in the dajrs when the littlo sneak vms glad enough and proud enough to go vhercver I whistled him. Then 1 shall put ny hand on Darby's shoulder, 'I've n-ought you a present of X'I'OO of blood noney this morning,' I'll say. 'Who's itter to have it than your father's son, since t's the last fraction of money that's to be iqueezed out of the Dalys, and your father las had such a large share of what's gone )efore ? It's a drop in the ocean, to be sure, jompared with Miss Maynard's fortune, but ;ince you'll have to leave that to Pelham low, you may as well make what you can if inc.' Won't lie be savage ! The story'll tick to him for liie rest of his life.' ' Oh Connor, how can you take pleasure in )lanning such things, when you know the ierious part that must follow ?' ' Surely you don't grudge me any plea iure there is to be got out of it P We've lad the serious part over and over last night, Liid. it has made you as pale as a sheet, nvy )oor darling. Go to bed, mavourneen, and vake me just in time not to miss the break as t scene. Mrs. O'Eoone and the young adics never come down till 10 o'clock, and lien i' their curl papery. Don't I know i the ways of the place, and the shocked looks they'll put on at my coming in, rebel as I am, and seeing them in dishabille ? Sleep all you can.' Connor was still fast asleep on the sofa when Ellen stole into the turret room early the next morning, and, to prevent any of the servants coming into the room, began to busy herself in preparing the breakfast. She set Anne's little tea table with her favourite breakfast service, and opening the casement, let in the fresh morning air, and still Connor did not open his eyes. He looked more like himself this morning, now he had eaten and slept. His face was thinner than it had been a few days before, but the colour was coming back into it, and there was more life then even with his eyes closed, and the long lashes resting on his cheeks, than there bad been yesterday evening. It was im possible to connect that young fair, pleasant face with the thought of a shameful death. ' To be hanged by the neck till he was dead!' Oh, Connor, Connor, who had always been the mirth of the house, whose gay voice and smile had warmed every heart in the country round! Surely Ellen thought there could not be found a judge in all Ire land with the heart to pronounce sentence on him. Ellen stood for a long time looking at him, turned every now and then to wipe away the tears that obscured the vision and marred its beauty. Even if the very worst were averted, she knew there was nothing but long separa tion to look forward to. The best they could pray for, as Dr. Lynch had said, was that they might not see the boy's bright features again for years, not until middle age had set its seal u]}on them, and the brightness was gone. Every half-hour of inaction seemed a gain, so she allowed the moments to slip by un noticed as she took her fill of looking. At last a clock striking eight roused her. '? I will humour him in everything he wished this last morning, ' she said to herself, '? whatever comes of it. I'll go out into the garden and gather the flower he talked about for his button-hole, and then I'll wake him, and tell him we have only two hours more.' The garden was not in its usual trim, .since Peter Lynch had lost heart to work in it, but there was a blue and white passion flower in full bloom on the trellis by Anne's bedroom window, and Ellen went round the house to gather a blossom, thinking she would rather have that than anything else for her purpose. As she returned to the front door, which she had left open, she saw a man approaching the steps, and with beat ing heart she quickened her pace to intercept him before he could enter the house. It was James Morris, and at sight of her he turned back to meet her, and put a letter in her hand. ' It came to Castle Daly last night from Mr. Thornley, with orders to me to let you have it at once, wherever you might be.' ' Wait here in the garden, please. James,' Ellen said, ' I will come out to you by and by-' For the first moment the letter did not seem to promise much interest ; it could not affect the overwhelming trouble of this morn ing ; but when she again stood by Connor's couch, a thought struck her which made her sink on her knees and feel she could only open it so. The note contained a few lines only, whose purport her eye took in at a glance :— ' In case _you should not be with Lesbia when my full account reaches her, I send this note to be forwarded on to }rou. All is well. Pelham will be at liberty within a few hours of your reading this. I have seen the Lord Lieutenant, and have in my posses sion an order signed for his release. I went armed with proofs of O'Eoone's misconduct aud misapplication of public mono}' during the famine that were considered enough to discredit his actions in other matters. I shall be in Galway a few hours after my letter, and will bring Pelham back with me to Castle Daly. 'Always yours, ' J. TlIORNIiKY.' The revulsion of feeling was almost too much. Ellen let the letter fall on the ground, and dropped her face between her hands, as her soul went up to Heaven in an intense thanksgiving. Connor stirred on the sofa before she had finished her prayer, and when she looked up he was awake, and had raised himself on one elbow, and was looking towards the open window. She waited in silence for a few minutes to Avatch him, as she might have watched one restored from the dead. A pathetic look stole into his face as he gazed out at the fair scene bathed in sunshine. ' By Jove,' he said, slowly turning to her at last. How beautiful everything is this morning. I did not know before the half of how beautiful it all was. Well, I'm glad it's a fine day for my last ride. I could not have had a better last look at the country, could I P The next time the sun rises I won't see it. I'll be in prison, but Pelham will be free, and my mother satisfied with me. There was something my father said when he was dying about being satisfied. What was it, Ellen P' ' Connor, Connor, listen, avourneen, liuten, and let's go down- on our knees and bless God together. Pelham will be free by to- ?; morrow morning ; but there's no need for you to put yourself in his place. Eead what has come for you at your waking, darling.' - Connor took the letter which Ellen picked up from the ground and read it slowly twice over without speaking, his changeful face showing the strong emotions that stirred him as he read. Ellen threw her arms round him as he finished his second perusal, and for a few minutes they kissed and clung to gether in their old, childish fashion of cele- ? brating meetings or reconciliations ; with half articulate words of love and J03r, and thankfulness whispered to each other, and with tears wetting the two faces, that would not, they knew through all their joy, often touch again. ' I'll fell you just what it all comes to, ; Eileen aroon,' Connor said at last, raising his head from her shoulder, and smiling through the tears he was trying to wink away. ' I'll tell you just what it means. You'll have to marry him for he saved my neck to-day : saved me from hanging, and I don't see how you are to have the heart to refuse him what he's worked so hard for. It is that— that and nothing else, I schemed to bring about, one day, long ago, when poor Murdock broke his thigh, and James Morris and I spirited away J Peiham's dog to Dennis's old still. That was the fate that hung on our doings, little as we knew it. The Thornley s coming to Ireland, your marrying an Englishman, and Peiham's getting an English heiress for his wife. Ah, yes, and it was the end of the reign of the Dabys in Connemara we brought about, too, for Pelham will have to take her name, and he will rechristcn the castle, you may depend. It's the way tilings go with us. Whatever is worth anj'thing in the old coun try, the English get hold of. I think you arc about the best thing in the green isle, avourneen, and an Englishman will get you, after all, and. 1 can't quarrel with the way in which he's won you. If all the conquests over us were made in the same fashion wo would have to hold our tongue, and. not com plain whatever we lost.' ' But you don't know about that one con quest yet,' said Ellen, blushing crimson, as she turned her eyes si way from the keen question in his. ' You don't know what I'll do yet ; perhaps hold myself ready to follow 3?ou to America, with all cousin Anne's people, when you send us word you have got a new Good People's Hollow read;/ for us on the other side of the sea.' ' Ay, and when D'Avcy has made a place and a name for himself out there that will make people turn round to look after his cousin.' ' It does me good to hear you say that, Con. dear. Life and hope are coming back to you, now you begin to weave schemes again for him. But what you said of James Morris just now reminds me that he is wait ing outside the door all this time, and that I : . had better go and .send him away.' ' ]NTo ; bring him in. James Morris out there ! How lucky. He's the very boy I'd have sent for from all the others in the world, to help me to get back to Galway be fore the ship that's to take D'Arcy to America sails. I could not manage the walk a second time to sa}r nothing of the chance of being arrested on the way. But James is the boy with the quick wit to help us to see what's to be done.' Ellen ran to call James in, and. Connor met him at the door of the turret room with outstretched hands, somewhat to tho em barrassment of the smart young footman in Miss Maynard's correct livery, who had undergone four years of Bride Thornley 's training in man-servant's manners. ' What ! arc you shaking hand with a rebel P' Connor exclaimed. ' It's for the last time, my lad. There, that's right I thought you weren't Thornleyized to such a point as to forget your old master's ways, who comes this morning to put his life . between your two hands. Do you remember the evening, Jim, when we contrived to gether, you and I, and stole a dog from its owner P and will you be able to manage as . cleverly, do you think, to steal a rebel from those who are hunting him to prison and death P He is worth two hundred pounds, 3'ou must know, to any one who pleases to .sell him.' ' I'd not like to see the boy who was willing to earn ih at money, Mr. Connor,' said James is a, low tone of strong feeling, and trembling with emotion as he clasped Connor's hands. ' I'd not like to think of the kind of life he would lead here who had your blood-money on his head, It would not be a long one, sir. any way ; I'd see to that myself.' ' Hush ! hush ! Jim,' cried Ellen; don't let us speak of such a terrible thing as ''. Connor being taken. What we have to do is to give our best thoughts to the question of how to get him safely away. l\ro one knows of his being here, as yet, but myself and you. Shut the door and let its consult together.' The result of the conference was a resolution that the secret of Connor's visit to tho Hollow should be kept between the ?:; three to whom it was now known, aud. that ; Connor should pass the day in a light closet within Anne's bedroom, from which all intruders could be excluded without sus- ; picion being excited. (To be Continued.) 