PASTOR CHINIQUY, TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-In your paper of Monday last you gave a " Report " of the utterances of Pastor Chiniquy, from which I quote as follows :-" He contrasted the form of worship in the Protestant Churches with that of the Church of Rome, the latter of which he characterised as idolatry, etc., etc. He pointed out that sinners, instead of being directed to God through Christ, were taught that the Almighty was so angry with them that their only hope was in going to the feet of the Virgin Mary, etc., etc. Now, sir, these calumnious assertion, so horribly insulting to Cathe, lies, were made in Chalmers' Church, of which the Rev. R. Maclaren Webster is the clergyman and yet that gentleman says in his letter in to-day's paper : " As to vilifying Roman Catholics in the observance of their religious faith, nothing could be more untrue in reference to the Pastor." Is, then, the Pastor's statements I have quoted a candid statement of the faith and practice of the Church of Rome ? " Must we patiently admit ourselves to be idolaters and practical demands of the way and the God-man, by whose sacrifice on the cross our redemption was purchased? Mr. Stephen Owen, too, can see nothing " tending to libel, vilify, and traduce the faith of Roman Catholics in Chiniquv's utterances." Mr. Webster, I read in the account of last night's meeting, said : " If the Pastor made one statement he could not prove, the Protestant clergy would be the first to turn their backs against him. Mr. Webster's deeds, they, are not in accordance with these words, as applied to others. Did he turn his back on the Rev. Dr. Somerville, who last year did not even attempt to refute the overwhelming proofs that I gave, that the Holy Writings the Bible had been translated, printed, and disseminated largely before 1517, or the time when Protestantism had a " local habitation and a name ?" Did he turn his back on the Rev. Mr. Butchers, whom I convicted last year of giving at extracts from a Bible in the Melbourne Public Library, what he subsequently, but in an uncandid manner, had to admit he could not find there Nevertheless, he had published the same words in a pamphlet printed in 1874, where he says-I copied them from Haydock's Bible with my own hand," and which he personally in the most solemn manner assured me was 'true. This gentleman, I perceive, last night, asked, Who is to be the judge of that? that is, of what is offensive to Catholics, Not he would seem to think, those who are called " idolaters and Mariolateis." Now, sir, there is a prayer book in general use amongst all English-speaking Catholics, called the Garden of the soul, and it is prefaced with three sections-1st. " What every Christian must believe." 2nd. "What every Christian must do in order to obtain Life everlasting." 3rd. Gospel Lessons to be pondered at leisure by every Christian." This book can easily be referred to by any person who honestly desires to know the teachings and practice of Catholics. Clause 4] of section 1st says I-" We must believe that this Jesus Christ . , . founded the Christian religion by His Heavenly doc- trial and wonderful miracles, and tbenoifered Himself a, sacrifice for the sine of the whole world, by dying upon a cross to purchase mercy, grace, and salvation for us and that neither mercy, nor grace, nar salvation either can, or ever could since Adamsfield, be obtained any otherwise than through this death and passion of the Son of God." Clause Oth says-" We must believe that Jesus Christ . . . ascended into heaven ? . . where, as man, He continually intercede for us. Thence He sent down the Holy Ghost upon His disciples, to abide with them for ever, as He had promised, and to guide them and their successors into all truth." In section 2 it is said We must fly all idolatry," etc., etc. Every Catholic prayer aomtr)Onces with the sign? of the crop and embodies a solemn act of faith in the Unity and Trinity of Grit), and the redemption of sinners through the sacrifice of the Second Person of the Trinity-the Son of God made man upon the cross. Every prayer, whether addressed to His Blessed Mother, or any other of the Saints of God, ends with :- " Through Jesus ' Christ our Lord." Here, then, I prove that Catholics "are directed to God through Christ, and not " that our only hope is in going to the foot of the Virgin Mary," Having thus proved that Pastor Chiniquy has stated that which he knows, us once a Catholic or boat, to be untrue, what trust can any reflecting and to the loving person place in anything he says? Will the Rev. Mr. Webster and his (Cliiniquy's) other patrons now turn their backs upon him I much regret that Catholics should attempt to put down by rowdyism, any of the itinerant calumniators who are normally encouraged by others to misrepresent our faith and practice, and I do all I can to restrain such an exhibition of their indication at being so insulted and maligned. On a fairfield, either by voice or pen, I have never shown unwillingness to give proof of the faith that is in me I am sir, etc, E SWA RBRECK HALL. 58 Campbell-street, Hobarton, Wednesday, 25th June, 1879. 