THE "HERALD'S" PRIZE POEM ON THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. Br Henry Kendall. In publishing the following poem, the ê. M. Herald (which pays the author 100 guineas for it) says : With the view of encouraging literary talent, as well as to that of fitly celebrating the opening of the International Exhibition, the proprietors of this journal some months ago offered a' pre- mium of 100 guineas for the best original poem on this interesting aud important epoch in our colonial history. The competition was open to all the world, the metre, length, and arrange- ment of the poems being left to the taste and discretion of the writers. The responses to this offer were both prompt aud numerous. Poeme were received not only from almost every part of these colonies, but also from the United King- dom and America. The total number was about 250\. The prize has been awarded to Mr. Henry Kendall, of Camden Haven, New South Wales, The selection of this poem from the large number Bent for competition has been determined by two considerations-the first being the general quality of the poetic thought and expression in the poem itself ; and the second, its appropriateness to the occasion which it was intended to mark. A few of the productions received, though of much ability, have a somewhat distant bearing upon the event to be celebrated ; while others, although keeping to the poiut, lack the qualities which the following poem will he seen to possess. The examination of the poems has, of course, been conducted in ignorance of the names of the writers, and the sole desire has been to seoure the production that would refl-ct the greatest credit on the colony, and that would best contribute to the successful opening nf the International Exhibition. Mr. Kendall, who, it need hardly be said, has been long known as one of the first Australian poets, i« to he congratulated on his success in a competition which waa open to all the world. TU* «neceas has been made the more remarkable by the fact that some of the productions received, from the mother-country especially, are marked by both poetic genius and scholirly taste. No incon- siderable number of thu poema sent from the colony and the United Kingdom are evidently first attempts, and in not a few instances their authors have signified that they have hardly in- dulged a ihope of victory. The result of the com- petition, however, has been the bringing out of a great deal of poetic ambition, and of no small amount of poetic talent. There are evidently many young writera in the colonies who regard the history and scenery of Australia as suitable themes for poetic treatment, and it is hoped that one of the results of the competition which has now closed will be the improvement of our native talent and the enriching of this department of our colonial literature. It would have given us pleasure to have referred to some that are worthy of special mention. If this were done, however, it would be difficult to draw the line. Now, while Orion, flaming south, doth set A shining foot on hills of wind and wet — Far haughty hills beyond the fountains cold And dells of glimmering greenness manifold — While August sings the advent of the Spring, And in the calm is heard September's wing, The lordly voice of song I ask of thee, High deathleas radiance-crowned Calliope! What though we never hear the great god's lays Which made all music the Hellenic days — What though the face of thy fair heaven beams Still only on the crystal Grecian streams What though a sky of new strange beauty shines Whero no white Dryad sings within the pines : Here is a land whose large imperial grace Must tempt thee, goddess, in thine holy place ! Here are the dells of peace and plemlune, The hills of morning and the slopes of noon ; Here are the waters dear to days of blue, And dark-green hollows of the noontide dew ¡ Here lies the harp, by fragrant woodwindsfanned, That waitB the coming of thy quickening hand ! And shall Australia, framed and set in sea August with glory, wait in vain for thee ? Shall moro than Tempe's beauty be unsung Because its shine is strango its colors young I No ! by the full live light which puts to shame The far fair splendors of Thessalian flame, By yonder forest psalm which sinks aud swells Like that of Phocis, grave with oracles By deep prophetic wiuds that come and go, Where whispering springs of pondering moun- tains flow, By lute-like leaves and many-languagcd caves, Where sounds the strong hosanna of the waves, This great new Majesty shall not remain Unhonored by the high immortal strain ! Soon, soon, the music of the southern lyre Shall start and blossom with a speech like fire ! Soon, soon, shall flower and flow in flame divine Thy songs, Apollo, and Euterpe, thiue ! Strong, shining sons of Delphicus shall rise With all their Father's glory in their eyes ; And then shall beam on yonder slopes and springs, The light that swims upon the light of things. And therefore, lingering in a land of lawn, I, standing here, a singer of the Dawn, With gi.ze upturned to where wan summits lie Against the morning, flowing up the sky, Whose eyes in dreams of many colors see A glittering vision of the years to be Do ask of thee, Calliope, one hour Of life pre-eminent with perfect power, That I may leave a song whose lonely rays May shine hereafter from these songless days. For now there breaks across the faint gray range The rose-red dawning of a radiant change. A soft sweet voice is in the valleys deep, Where darkness droops and sings itself to sleep. The grave-mute woods, that yet the silence hold Of dim dead ages, gleam with hints of gold. Yon eastern cape that meets the straitened wave A twofold tower above the whistling cave Whose strength in thunder shields the gentle lea, And makes a white wrath of a league of Bea-11V Now wears the face of peace ; and, in the bay, The weak spent v ice of Winter dies away. In every dell there is a whispering wing ; On every lawn, a glimmer of the Spring ; By every hill, are growths of tender green ; On every slope, a fair new life is seen. And lo, beneath the morning's blossoming fires, The shining city of a hundred spires I In mists of gold, by countlesB havens furled, And glad with all the flags of all the world I Theae are the shores where, in a dream of fear, Cathay saw darkness dwelling half the year 1 (1) Theae are the coasts that old fallacious tales Chained down with ice and ringed with sleep- less gales I This ia the land that, in the hour of awe, From Indian peaks the rapt Venetian saw I (2) Here is the long gray line of strange sea-wall That checked the prow of the audacious Gaul, "What time he steered towards the southern snow, From zone to zone-four hundred years ago ! (3) By yonder gulf, whose marching waters meet The wine-dark currents from the isles of heat, 'Strong sons of Europe, in a far dim year, Faced ghastly foes and felt the alien apear I There, in a later dawn, by Bhipless wavea, The tender grasses found forgotten gravea (4) Far in the west, beyond those hills sublime, Dirk Hartog anchored in the olden time : There, by a wild-faced bay, and in a cleft, His shining name the fair-haired Northman. left. (5) And, on those broad imperial waters far, Beneath the lordly occidental star, Sailed Tasman down a great and glowing space, Whose softer lights were like hia lady's face. In dreams of her heToved from zone to zono And gave her lovely name to coaBts unknown ; And saw in streaming Bunset everywhere The curious beauty of her golden hair. (6) By -flaming tracts of tropic afternoon, Where in low heavens hangs a fourfold moon, Here, on the tide3 of a resplendent year, By capea of jasper, came the buccaneer. (7) ' Theu-then the wildmen, flying from tho beach, First heard the clear, bold sounds of English speech ; And then first fell across a southern plain The broad, strong BhadowB of a Saxon train. Near yonder wall of stately cliff that braves The arrogance of congregated waves, The daring son of gray old Yorkshire stood, And dreamed in a majestic solitude, What timo a gentle April shed its showers, Aflame with sunset, on the Bay of Flowers, (8) The noble seaman who withheld the hand, And spared the Hector of hia native land The single Bavage yelling on the beach The dark strange curses of barbaric speech ! Exalted sailor I whose benignant phrase Shinea full of beauty in theBe latter daya ; Who met the naked tribea of fiery skies With great divine compassion in his eyes ; Who died, like Him of hoary Nazareth, That death august-the radiant martyr'B death ; Who in the last hour Bhowed the Christian face, Whose crumbling beauty shamed the alien race. In peace he sleeps where deep eternal caima Lie round the lands of heavy-fruited palms. Lo '! in that dell, behind a ainging bar, Where deep pure poolB of glittering waters are, Beyond a mossy yellow-gleaming glade, The last of Forby Sutherland was laid The blue-eyed Saxon from the hills of snow Who fell asleep a hundred years ago. In flowerful shades whero gold and green are rife Still rests the shell of his forgotten life. Far, far away, beneath some northern sky, The fathers of bia humble household lie ; But, by his lonely grave, are sapphire Btreamä, And gracious woodlands, where the firefly gleams ; And ever comes across a silver lea The hymn sublime of the eternal sea. On that bold hill, against a broad blue stream, Stood Arthur Phillip in a day of dream, What time the mists of morning westward rolled, And heaven flowered on a bay of gold I Here, in the hour that shines and sounds afar, Flamed firat old England's banner like a Btar ; Here, iu a time august with prayer and praise, Was bora the Nation of these splendid dayB ; And here this land's majestic Yesterday Of immemorial silence died away. Where are the woods that, ninety summers back, Stood hoar with ages by the water-track ? Where are the valleys of the flashing wing, The dim green margins, and the glimmering spring J Where now the warrior of the forest race, His glaring war-paint and his fearless face ? The banks of April and the groves of bird, The glades of silence, and the pools unstirred, The gleaming savage, and the whistling spear ? Passed with the | assing of a wild old year 1 A single torrent singing by the wave, A Bhadowy relic in a mountain cave, A ghost of fire in immemorial hills, The whittled tree by folded wayside rills, The call of bird that hides in hollows far, Where feet of thunder, wings of winter, are Of all that Poat, these wrecks of wind and rain, These touching memories-these alone remain. What sun is this that beams and broadens west ? What wonder this, in deathless glory dressed ? What strange, sweet harp of highest god took flame And gave thia Troy its life, its light, its name ? What awful lyre of marvellous power and range Upraised this Ilion-wrought this dazzling change ? No shining singer of Hellenic dreams Set yonder splendor by the morning streams ! No god, who glimmers in a doubtful sphere, Shed glory there-created beauty here, This ia the City that our fathers framed Theso aro the crescents by the elders named ! The human hands of strong heroic men Broke down the mountain, filled the gaping glen, Han streets through swamp, built banks against the foam, And bent the arch, and raised the lordly dome ! Hero are the towers that the Founders made ! Hero are the temples where these Homans prayed ! Here staud the courts in which their leaders met I Here are their homes, aud here their altara yet ! Here sleep the good old men whose lives Bublimo Of thought and action shine and sound through , time Who worked in' darkness-onward fougït' their ways To bring about these largo majestic dayt Who loft their sons the hearts and high desires W'hick built this city of the hundred spires I A stately Morning rises ou the wing, The hills take color, and the valleys sing. A bright September flames beyond the lea - A silver vision on a silver sea. A new Age " cast in a diviner mould " Comes crowned with lustre, zoned and shod with goMl .. What Dream is this on lawny-spaces set ? What Miracle of dome and minaret ? What great mute Majesty is this that takes The first ni morning ere the songbird wakes ? Lo, this was built, to honor gathering landa, By Celtic, Saxon, Australasian hands I, These aro the Halla whero all the flags unfurled Break into speech that welcomes all the world. And lo, our friends are here from every zone From isles we dream of, and from tracts un- known I Here are the fathers from the stately Bpace Where Ireland is, and England's sacred face 1 Here are the Norsemen from their strong sea- wall, Th« grave grand Teuton and the brilliant Gaul I From green sweet groves the dark-eyed Lusians sail, i And proud Iberia leaves the grape-flushed vale. Here are the lords whose starry-banner Bhines From fierce Magellan to the Arctic pines I Here come the strangers from the gates of Day From billa of sunrise and from white Cathay The spicy islands send their swarthy sons ; The lofty North, itB mailed and mighty ones. Venetian keels are floating on our sea ; Our eyea are glad with radiant Italy I Yea, North and South, and glowing West and East, Are gathered here to grace our splendid feast. The chiefs from peaks august with Asian snow, The eldera born where regal roses grow, Come hither, with the flower of that fair land That blooms beyond the fiery tracts of sand Where Syrian suns their angry lustres fling AcroEB blind channels of the bygone spring. And, on this great auspicious day, the flowers Of Labor glorify majestic hours. i The singing angel from the starry Bphere Of dazzling Science shows his wonders hero. And Art, the dream-clad spirit, starts, and brings From Fairyland her strange sweet glittering things. Here are the works man did what time his face Was touched by God in Borne exalted place. Here glows the splendor-here, the marvel wrought When Heaven flashed upon the maker's thought 1 Yea, here are all the miracles sublime The lights of Qenius and the stars of Time I And, being lifted by this noble noon, Australia broadens like a tropic moon. Her white pure lustre beams across the zones ; The Nations greet her from their awful thrones. ' From hence, the morning beauty of her name Will shine afar, like an exceeding flame. Her place will be with mighty lords, whose sway Controls the thunder and the marching day. Her crown will shine beaide the crowns of kings Who shape the seasons, rule the course of things, The famo of her across the years to be "Will spread like light on a surpassing sea ; And graced with glory, girt with power august, Her life will last till all things turn to duBt 1 To Thee, the face of Bong is lifted now O Lord, to whom the awful mountains bow ; Whose hands unseen the tenfold storms control ; Whose thunders Bhake the spheres from pole to pole ; Who, from the highest heaven lookest down, The sea Thy footstool, and the sun Thy crown ; Around whose throne the deathless planets Bing Hosannas to their high eternal King To Thee, the soul of Prayer this morning turnB, With faith that glitters and w.th hope that burns I And, in the moments of majestic calm That fill the heart in pauses of the psalm, She asks Thy blessing for this fair young land That flowers within the hollow of Thine hand ! She seeks of Thee that boon, that gift sublime, The Christian radiance, for this hope of Time I And Thou wilt listen ; and Thy face will bend To smile upon us-Master, Father, Friend ! The Christ, to whose pure pleading heart .bath crept Was human once, and in the darkness wept ; The gracious Love that helped us long ago Will on ua like a summer sunrise flow ; ' And be a light to guide the Nation's feet On holy paths-on sacred wayB, and sweet. (1) According to that eminent authority, Mr. R II Major, anil others, tho Groat Southern Land Is referred to ia old Chinese records aa a polar continent, subject to the long polar nights (2) Marco Polo montions alargo land called bj tho llulajs Looliao. Tho northem coast was supposed tobo in latitudo 10' S. ( Vide Bennett aud others.) (3) Mr. R. H. Major has discovered a map of Terra Australis dated A D. 1042, and bearing tho name of Lo Testu, a French pilot. Lo Teatu must havo i isiteil theso coasts somo years boforo tho date of tho chart (4) Tho sailors of the Duf j bon, a Dutch lessel which entered Carpentaria in ad 1005, wore attacked by the natives. In the fray somo of tho whites weio killed No doubt these unlucky adventurorewero tho flrst Europeans buriod in Australia (Vide Woods anti others ) (6) Dirk Hartog left a tin plato, bearing his name, in Sharks Bay, Western Australia. It was last seen in a.d 1803. (C) Abel Tasman's love for Maria Van Dioman is well knowu Tasmania anil man) of the islands aud points on the north-west coasts of Australia wore named after hor (7) Dampier. i (8) Botany Bay. The next beat thing to having plenty of cash is to have plenty of credit. This is a country in which men thrive on the latter "possession in a truly wonderful manner. We, for instance, have known a man knock out a very comfortable ex- istence for many months on an old telegram and the butt of a cheque book. The chief drawback to this sort of livelihood is the constant change of residence impoaed upon its followers. No sooner does the owner of these pasaporta to con. fidence get comfortably settled than his landlady begins to harbor ungenerous doubts as to tho value of the only security he has to offer, which resulte, after a briefer or longer period of bicker ng, in his transferring his patronage to some less distrustful quarter. But in future let not the gentleman pursuing tbia precarious calling wax faint of heart, but take comfort that a bill for his Bpecial relief is now passing through Parlia- ment. We allude, of course, to the Victoria Bridge Lands Sales Bill. Mr. Perkins, who in- troduced the measure, gently hinted at tho awful muddle that was made in the building of the bridge, which resulted not only in our acquiring a structure at twice the cost originally contem- plated, but in the locking up of. a fino building estate in South Brisbane, that hoc terribly re- tarded the advance of that promising suburb. The nonda issued by the municipality could not be recovered, and as the bondholders were col- laterally secured by a mortgage ovor the bridge lands they naturally refused to allow any to be sold, aa directly interfering with their security. To got over thia difficulty, the Government havo decided to sell the lands subject to the mortgage, indemnifying the purchaser against the debt. The result is that, however small the freehold you may acquire on this estate, your deed will bear a notification on the back of it that you owe £129,000 on it. Now, to the indigent adven- turer, somewhat harassed about ways and means, this should be a very godsend. Let him but secure two perches of this South Brisbane estate, and he is set up with sufficient stock-in-trade to last a lifetime. Instead of a difficulty in meet- ing Mb bootmaker with that frank and confident smile that marks the relation of patron to client, we fancy we see him strolling in and,'explaining, in tones of careless apology :-" Sorry to keep you waiting, but I have a little matter of £129,000 that is rather puahing me juBt at present" (here ho produces endorsed encumbrance)-" as soon as that is Bettled you may depend upon me." With what respectful awe would his creditor bow him out, entreating him, washing his hands the while with " invisible soap in imperceptible water," not to hurry on his account, and how respectfully would he solicit a continuance of his debtor's favors. What land- lady could resist the blandishments,of a gentle- man who owed £129,000 on his landed property, or bo importunate with her claim for a few weeks'lodging ?-"Specialities," ia the Queens lander, 