ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, &c.; The City Coroner, after making en quiries respecting the death of a child named Nathaniel Joyce, which occurred at the Ade laide Hospital on Thursday evening, March 6, considered that an inquest was not necessary. An elderly man named Arthur Inkster was very seriously hurt by falling off a North Adelaide tramcar in King William-street early on Wednesday morning. He was carried to the Police Station in an insensible state, aad was there seen by Dr. Hawkins, who stated that the man was suffering from concussion of the brain. He ordered his removal to his residence, where he has since lain in an unconscious state. Mr. W. Evans, who was for about ten years in the employ of Messrs. Must & 06., of Mount Gambier, and left there about three years ago to take possession of some property left to him in England, has (says the South-Eastern Star) since his return in July, 1877, befca re-j siding with his family near Adelaide. Last week he suddenly left home in a state of mental excitement, and is supposed to have gone to Clare or visited the South-East. No trace ha» been heard of the whereabouts of Mr. Evans, and his friends are anxious respecting his safety. « A son of Dr. Ensor, of Middelburg, ^ was killed on Wednesday week by lightning,' - reports the Cape Argus of February 22. ' He was a fine lad, and only 14 years old. The lightning stripped the body of every particle of clothing, and when taken np the body was com pletely naked; not a vestige of anything was left except the mutilated hat and a part of the sole of one boot. The accident happened within a few paces of Mrs. Ensor, who was watching her son at the time, and her feelings may be more easily imagined than described.' ' One day last week,' says the Northern Argus, 'a child of Agnes McGuinness strayed away about sundown from a hut in the Blyth scrub, near Mount Templeton. The mother at the time was in Clare, and the father at work in tbe scrub, leaving a child about two years of age at home with the other children. On being missed a search party was formed, who were out all night. Towards morning the little one was heard crying, and found among some lighted timber, lying down between two large burning logs not far from the house, not much the worse for its night's adventure.' The following cases were admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Friday, March 7 : — William Gill, of Hahndorf, suffering from a fracture of his right thigh, caused by his being thrown from a horse ; William Lawson, residing at 'Williamstown, suffering from a severe wound to his right leg, caused by a piece of wood ; John Flanagan, suffering from a wound to his left leg caused by part of a wall falling in on him whilst working at Messrs. Marshall & Sons', Bundle-street ; and Elizabeth Wells, aged 56, suffering from a scalp wound received by falling from a Mitcham tramcar in Hurtle square. 'The reason for expecting the Mansfield gang in tbe vicinity of the South Australian border is probably,' says the Hamilton Spectator, ' that Byrne, who is a member of the gang, is known to have friends at Mount Gambier. The bank robberies committed by the Kellys have always been preceded by an influx of strangers into the township where the attack was to be made, and it is probable that amongst the people whom it is customary for ' Mr. Kelly' to bail up at the hotels and stations visited by him there is always a sprinkling of confederates, who, if a shot was fired, would be ready to assist in. carrying out the threats made by the leader of the gang that, in the event of resistance being offered, the local population would be able to swim in their own blood.' ' There are many residents of the Mount Gambier district who,' says the South-Eastern Star, ' will regret to learn that His Excellency the Governor has declined to interfere with the sentence of three months' imprisonment passed on the 11th January by Mr. 0'Halloran,S.M.,oa John Fraser for furious riding on New Year's Day. The Governor, of course, acted upon the advice of the Executive Council, who were, no doubt, influenced by some report on the subject. Fraser's brother, who forwarded the requisition, signed by six Justices of the Peace and upwards of a hundred other persons, has received th« following reply: — * Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, February 27, 1879. Sir— I am directed by the Chief Secretary to inform you that the petition forwarded with your letter of the 27tk ult. has been duly laid before His Excellency the Governor, who declines to interfere with the sentence passed upon your brother John Fraser. — I have the honor to be. Sir, your obedient servant, Fred. J. Sa2U-eb,son, Acting Under Secretary.'' Some time ago the blacks near Coottown made a wanton attack upon Messrs. Hartley and Sykes, for which prompt punishment was meted out to them. Sub-Inspector O'Connor, with six troopers, states the Rockhampton Bulletin^ crossed the harbor in a boat at night, and by moonlight picked up the tracks of the blacks. The latter, however, discerned the approach of troopers, and retreated across the range to the ocean beach. The Inspector then divided his forces, and with one party made a detour in the direction of Cape Bedford, and hemmed the blacks within a narrow'gorge, of which bothjout lets were secured by the troopers. There were 28 men and 13 gins thus enclosed; none of the former escaped. Twenty-four were shot down on the beach and four swam out to sea. The Inspector and his men then sat down «a the beach and waited for the swimmers to re turn, but without success, and as after several hours they were lost sight of it is conjectured, they were drowned. One woman also swam out from the land, and after remaining four hours in the water was captured by a trooper who went in after her. The men hunted up the re mainder of the gins, and having found a meer schaum pipe and tomahawk in their possession belonging to Mr. Hartley, the Inspector was satisfied he had not killed innocent people. This was explained to the lubras, and they were then permitted to go away. The foregoing fact» must be of special interest to tbe Kelly gang iust now. The following ghost story is related by the MacDonnell Bay correspondent of the South-Eastern Star : — ' An extraordinary super natural occurrence which is said to have taken place on the coast between here and Rivoli Bay is creating a great sensation here. Walter and William Carrison have been at work for some little time obtaining oil from the whale which was stranded on the beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity and did not return to their tent till after nightfall. Just at the twilight William Carrison was loading his gun for a last shot, when all at once he heard a hideous yell, and turning his eyes in the direction from whence the sound proceeded, he observed what appeared to be a man of unusually tall stature making towards him. Carrison looked with a fixed gaze at the object, and it appeared so weird and un- earthly that his blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. On it came, and as it approached yelled again. Carrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking aim fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground out of sight, and left no trace behind. At the same instant Walter Carrison, who was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition, and having his gun loaded and capped at the time, fired. That object, too, appeared to have felt the shot, and melted into thin air. The people here be lieve the ghost or ghosts are those of some per son or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they were seen.' 'As the s.s. Otway was on Saturday preparing for her departure from the Queen's Wharf for Adelaide and Western Australia,' observes the Melbourne Argus of March 10, ' Detectives Duncan, Mahoney, and O'Donnell noticed a woman pushing about among the lady passengers and attempting to pick their pockets. Some of the ladies were spoken to, and they admitted that the woman had been pressing against them and trying their pockets. As they bad lost nothing, however, and could not miss their passage in the steamer, they declined to prosecute. The attention of the captain was then called to this woman, and after some prevarication, she admitted she was not a passenger, and he ordered her to go on shore. She refused to do so, and by direction of the captain she was removed from the steamer. When on the wharf she commenced to abuse the detectives, and as in spite of cautions she continued to do so, she was taken to the watch house, and a charge of insulting behaviour in a public place entered against her. A small reti cule she was carrying was examined, and in it were found £400 in notes and gold, and several ^ valuable articles of jewellery. It also contained an old mustard pot with the lid soldered down, and upon this being opened it was found to contain four silver watches, three of which have since been identified as having been, stolen. When the prisoner was further examined by the female searcher there were found concealed about her three silver watches, three gold albert chains, three pusses, one small leather pouch, and £11 in gold.' A meeting of the South Australian Poultry Society was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, JRundle-street, on Tuesday evening, March 11. The President (Mr. F. B. Bucknall) presided. There was a fair attendance. The Secretary (Mr. J. Harvey) read the balance s' sheet, which showed the liabilities to be £54, T not including the Secretary's remuneration, whilst the cash in hand is J626 3s. The Society also possess a number of coops, which are valued at £100. The Chairman said that a prize cap presented by Dr. Bobt. Peel for best untrained gamecocks bad not been applied for, and was at Mr. Wendtfs, the jeweller. On the motion of Mr. Brown, seconded by Mr. Z. H. Sanders, it was resolved — 'Thatafullstatementof accounts, liabilities, and assets be submitted to the mem bers at a general meeting to be called within four weeks from the date of the Show.' Mr. Sanders gave notice of motion that at the next meeting he would move — 'That the Society offer no money prizes at tbe Show of 1879, but give certificates of merit.' Mr. Brown suggested that a dog show should be connected with the Society's poultry exhibition, and the Chairman said the question would not be lost sight of. The fifth half-yearly meeting of the Glenelg, Brighton, and Sturt Permanent Build ing and Investment Society was held at the Society's Office on Tuesday, March 4. The Rev. Thos. Field, M A., presided. The Direc tors' report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. The Chairman congratulated the shareholders upon the progress made during the past half-year. The demand for purchased shares had, he said, largely exceeded the income from investing shares, and many applications for loans had to be refused, the Directors not feeling justified in obtaining an overdraft above £400. The profit available for distribution yielded 5s. per six months on old shares, and a reserve profit equal to another shilling per share. The rapid increase in the profits thus manifested spoke well for the prosperous con dition of the Society. The funds of the Society were all invested in ample and safe freehold properties. Mr. G. W. Hawkes having resigned the jLuditorship the Directors had na requested Mr. Harry D. Gell to act as Auditor J jointly with Mr. Bichard Allen, jun. It was Tesolved — ' That the action of the Directors ba confirmed, and that Mr. Harry D. Gell be elected with Mr. Bichard Allen, jun., to act fas Auditors for the ensuing half-year.' The re tiring Directors, viz., Rev. Thos. Field, M.A., and Messrs. J. F. Proctor and G. S. Martin were unanimously re-elected. Mr. Caterer gave notice of motion to enable shareholders to make extended payments. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, Directors, and Secretary. A meeting of delegates from the Vir ginia and Salisbury Agricultural Societies was heldatPenfieldonThursday,March6. Theiewere present from the 'Virginia Society — Messrs. L. Hewett, J.P. (President), Jno. N ash (Secretary), W. J. Baker, R. Hatcher, and W. Warden. From the Salisbury Society — Messrs. W. Coker (President), Thos. Wiggins (Treasurer), W. Dart, W. Goodman, and N. Sampson. Mr. Hewett was voted to the chair. Mr. Coker (President of the Salisbury Agricultural Society ) - said that Society was willing for the two Societies to amalgamate. The Salisbury Society was in a very good financial position, having over £30 in hand. Mr. Nash (Secretary of the Virginia Society) said that after aU claims on his Society were paid there would t»e a credit balance. Mr. Coker proposed, and Mr. W. J. Baker seconded— u That the Salisbury and Virginia Agricultural Societies do now amalgamate.' Carried unanimously. Proposed by Mr. Baker and seconded by Mr. Goodman — **That the Shows and ploughing matcV.es take place alternately at Salisbury and Virginia each year.' Carried. It was resolved that the name and title of the Society should be 'The Salisbury and Virginia Agricultural Society,' and that there be a President and two Vice-presidents, Treasurer, Secretary, and two V. Auditors, with a General Committee; the quali i f.cation for membership to be half a guinea. It was also resolved that the President of each Society call on the Treasurers for the balances in hand, and bank them in the name of the Salisbury and' Virginia Agricultural Society until officers are elected and empowered to draw the sam The half-yearly meeting of the Wine and Spirit Company (Limited) was held at the registered office of the Company, Grenfell etreet, Adelaide, on Wednesday afternoon, March 12. There was a large attendance, upwards of 4,000 shares being represented. Sir. H. C. E. Mnecke, J.P. (Chairman of Directors), presided. The Directors' report congratulated the shareholders on the success of the Company's business, and stated that . the usual dividend of one shilling and threepence per share had been declared, and was payable oa. that day. The report mentioned that there had been a steady increase of business, and a large measure of support had been received from all portions of the colony. Owing to the extended operations of the Company the Direc tors had found it necessary to make a call of five shillings per share, and with this increased working capital they hoped to reduce the Bank interest and discount, which at present formed so large an -item in the expenses of management. The stock in hand Bad been earefully valued, and a sufficient sum had been written off to allow for bad and doubtful debts. The balance-sheet showed a profit of about £690 for the half-year. The amount of bad debts written off was only £150 6s. 5d., and the amount realised by sale of goods . during the half-year was £22,279 16s. Id. The Chairman, in moving the adoption of the report, said he thought the shareholders ought to be well satisfied with, the amount of success attained by the Company. Their affairs were in excellent condition and the business was increasing year by year. He was glad to see that the amount written off for bad debts was so exceedingly small, and for that fact he thought they had to thank the Secretary (Mr. ^r Gerald Jay), for the indefatigable exer y tions he had put forth. Mr. J.;F. Yuille seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. P. F. Bonnin moved a vote of thanks to the Directors and the Secretary for their able efforts in advancing the interests of the Company. Mr. Crowder seconded the motion, which was carried with applause. The Chairman and Mr. Jay having returned thanks the meeting terminated. 