THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PSOilEESSlOSf, CUB AND Ol_S ii»iJI.-5CSS. SANDHURST, MONDAY, APL. 7, 1879. THE BORDER DUTIES. Az-riloi-Gi! v. u neror anticipated a success- i fill issue to tl Governments of Victoria and Xev South Wales regarding the non-collection of the border duties, still the news of their failure must he v^ry disheartening to the ; people of the border districts. In fact. ; it is dkncnk to conceive how any ; equitable arrangement could be arrived ■ -.it on any basis that could be acceptable to ; the Governments of both colonies. The vast dinerence in the linaneial policy of t!;e ; two great colonies offers, apparently, an ; insurmountable obstacle to any fair and equitable settlement of the border duties. With one colony governed on free-trade principles, and the other, whose avowed policy is to f.?c!"v?de by high protective im posts the produce cf :l;e former, how can any system of reciprocity be- niatyreu on an equitable basis as long as these divergtmt lines of policy are adhered to by both ! Tiie settlement ct sucli questions under such circumstances it is feavei by many can never ! be satisfactorily arrived at until by some scheme of federation the Customs duties of all the colonies can be arranged on a uniform ii.:le. that individual communities could neither alter or disturb. Indeed. Jlr. Lalor appears to euiertain a somewhat similar i opinion, as we Sad in his tsenioranduia to : Sir Henry P-rkes. on opening the uijicti* t:<-::s lor the seiuts&m; of the border duiics,»!jefu!!ovriu^ol'ii| ration:—--'Vj [though the pera::iu::n 'tnlnuc-ui of this .juestUu (border duties) ca» ouly be arrived at by the union of b-'th these two great colonies, ;r j,s submitted that considerable relief would be a-lorded the inhabitants of each by such an equitable lir.-eugement as is contained in the following suggestion." These negotiations were iuiiiitc-d by a ditv;: application from the Acting Ghi«" Secretary of Victoria to the Colonial Secre tary of 2j"ew South V/ales. Mr. Lalor. the C\>mmissiouer < -f Customs, proceeded to Svdn--v. and forwarded to Sir Henry Partes on the r> 1st January last, the memorandum referred to in which the following proposals woro made. as a basis for an equitable ar rangement. Virst. that the vl u t i o s now being collected along the lvrdor. on ihe part of Victoria. shall bo relinquished on I ho following articles, vi.\, live stock, wine (being the produce of New South Wales), wheat (do.), oats (do.), mai.:e (uo.), and green fruit (do.) That in consequence of the withdrawal of the duties from (hose articles and the, payment to Now South Wales of .i'oO.OOO a year, all goods from Vietoria shall henceforth bo allowed to enter New South Wales across the land and river border, free. 1; appears thai immediately after sending (ho above brief proposal to Sir Henry IV.rkes Mr. l.alor returned to Melbourne, and on his arrival again in Sydney, about the beginning of March. Sir Henry Tarkes asked for some information explanatory of the proposals in his memorandum. On the 1.0th Mareh Mr. Lalor supplied the required informa tion. the most important item of whieh was the extraordinary suggestion that the. Xew South Wales Customs officers should he removed from the borders on the com pletion of the arrangement, and the protec tion of the revenue be handed over to the Victorian Customs officers. l\v that arrange ment a considerable saving would be ejected in the Xew South Wales disbursements, for whieh Victoria, in Mr. Lalor's opinion, was entitled to some commensurate concessions. thi the -1st of March Sir Henry Parkes brietly reviewed die propositions of the Victorian Commissioner, which, after com municating with the Treasurer of his Government; he declined to adopt as a basis for ;\u equitable agreement, In the first place Mr. Lalor's proposals, whilst securing perfect freedom of trade to Victoria across the Murray, would not concede the same advantages to Xew South Wales. In the secoiul place iJoO.OOO a year as proposed to be paid by Victoria for the r.on eolleetion of duties by Nov." South Wales would not bo an adequate equivalent for the loss to the revenue thereby. My the returns then in the hands of Sir Henry Parkes the duties collected by the Customs-house officers of Xew South Wales, on goods from Vic toria in li>7S, amounted to 7s. •Id., whereas those collected by the Victorian Customs oilicers for the half-year ending ol st December, 1STS amounted to only I '.l.SSo, ,ili'.7ri of which was produced by tl\e live stock tax alone. Viewing the proposals in the light of a contemplated ex tension of the railway system of 2\ew South Wales to the sonrh-westeru par: of the colony and the probable augmentation of the revenue of the colony therefrom. Sir Henry Parkes did not eeusider the proposals suc.h as, in his opinion, should be submitted to his colleagues. On the "Joth March. Mr. Lalor replied in a very bitterly wovded epistle in which the Colonial Secretary of New South Wale* was charged with disingenuous ness that uv.tainiy is not supported i\v the published correspondence. Sir Henry Parkes, as an upright Minister of the Crown, might have feit a strong desire t > guard the revenue of his o<\u colony with his own otlicers. but how can he be charged with a wilful intention to injure the revenue of Victoria, or to ruin her com merce, or to uproot Uev policy " in these negotiations, initiated and pushed forward not by him but by the Government of Vic toria, Kegaiv.ing tlie inadequacy of the amount proposed to given as a set-o:l' again;-; the collection of the. border duties. Mr. Lain; asked Sir Ilenry Parkes to propose what he would consider an equitable basis for the settlement o: tuese Border duties. Sir Henry Pari.es aeeepted the suggestion, and having submitted Mr.. T.->W< l.»rr.-.v »i..~ to the Cabinet, the following is the scheme of the New South. Wales Government en the subject. The Colonial Secretary remarked it Mould be difficult tor the Government or people of Xe'.v South Wales to forget that the Chief Secretary of Vic toria urged a.s a principal reason for the im position of the duty on live stock that " he wanted something to give up in negotiating for the collection of the border duties." Tiie Government, therefore, considered that the Victorian tax on live stock should Iv repealed without reference to the Custom* 'tariffs of the two colonies as a preliminary to any agreement between Victoria and New South Wales for the importation vi goods across the border from cither colony. The way being thus prepared, the Government of New South Wales would support a conven tion between the two colonies, to last for two years.subject to the approval of the respective Parliaments, for the free importation across the land and river borders into the territory of each of ail goods and produce from the territory of the other on the payment by Victoria of the annual sum of £ LOO.OOO to New South "Wales. The diliieulties that surrounded this question were, from the various interests involved, originally wry great, but now. in consequence of the I injudicious lapse of Mr. Lalor into pas sion at a time and occasion that called for the highest attributes of a states man—prudence, good temper, and dis cretion—the relief of the border districts from these oppressive ascal regulations must be- postponed until fortune favors either this or the neighboring colony with a new set of rule-rs. OAiu.Kr.'.Ms.—We publish some iutere-stin^ cablegrams this morning. It v, ill be observed that tile Afghan an.i Cape ■lilUoritijs appear t>> be in a lair way i-.-wav.is sati-.faeiory settle men:. Tux Usiyi:k.-ity Ho at Haou.—By a cable gram which we reeeiv-.d. h;si nijht, we ham jhotthebeat race between crews r-.-p:e=ent:n _■ the Ustord and 0;pnbrid.;e Universities has, thi year, resulted 1.1 lave; i.: ;iie latter, and the victory is said to have been easily 5.;ai::ed. Ti:e rival universities are "aov.- on ; -etty eve-a term; in respect to these annual cent -rsts. Out of tie So r..e- 2 rn .vtd. Oxford has wen IS an i C. brid'e 17, -he match in 1S77 having resulted, as will he rinu-mW're.l, in a .h-ad heat. To CdRiiE^rosr>.»:sts.—We have keen iloi'ded with letters from eorre.-pond;-!i'S concern:;::; the dramatic perf.irnianoii to be ;:Vdi at the ii-iya; Princess Theatre a; llaster. Oar corresp -n ients are divided ill opinion. but as the theatre has been dc.initeiy rn^a^ed for the seasju. :: • poi-sible jrood oac be d-::e by tile pabhc:.;ion ihe letters, and we have iij spae.- to d-eote to a tireless and not particularly inlerejli::c-.a treco.-sy. Some other letters are uiid.-r e cideration. W.MHn Sf-.i'LV TO Guorsokc. — In COIlSe auence o: the protra:-:;-d drouth: all the holes in and near Sandy Creek became perfectly dry, and the farmers in the neighborhood, we hear, were reduced to desperate straits owing to their inability to procure a supply of water. Oa Thursday last Messrs. Knight and Striekfuss, renrcsenting the farmers interested, called en Mr. Brown, the cast-.iian of the Spring Gully Keserveir, and informed that -,;eni!eiviiii th.it ihev h..l v.'.y.er for their cattle. Ai :he c ise was urgent, they had ;;c-: iju'e to Construct p-roper drains and tlantes. but '.veni-d lah* the water from the Huntly rue?, a: M.tchett's corner, aloii^ the course us.-d a couple of weehs a "o, until it ixached the table drain of the main \- ~ • . 1 : _ ■ .Murray roa-i, aws;; >. u.e:i nwi-j iun aj..a-. | two miles until it reached S.iudv Crc-ek. I: \rouM tiioii fo'.iuv.- the bed of the ere-k fjr a dis tance ot nearly tin mil- s. In less than tir.een ] hoLiri afterwards the ^vAt-.r ivss ."luniMj: alon:: j • tho coarse indicated, att.l the neigb •rirc;:".-ir:::eri | have thus been enabled t-> get a supply of the \ | much ne-eici element. The Water Supply IX ( '^arn^ent deserves praise ior the nro:n;>: notion ; Cvlikii wii iiUi-5 jn this matter. We u 2 ders t:»ud it is ' ::: contemplation to a^k th? Department to I i^rvey and reserve land for vater-rciC?s t.> • »ai;yiy ts"? part '-he district, as r.iaav I cf the iarrr.e-rs e:n;:de:r it ch^a:>-r, and in a j 2»Ki,-il »»;>' ;r,o,-e advania:;eon= :v buy ivat-f ! thaa 10 th^ c-xy-ense o: cvrnsttccan.- lurjrs \- oatas and ihea dei.:ai on the raimal? to ;Iil ; the:;!, la v. jr;!i hjwmers, seen cj lae •r.-.:er s,5 dees cot evaporate, gKiireliy turns utuis '■jv use, vliiUt the Colibac water ciiuld be snp. plied every fev.- weeks as required The Diamond Diuli,—Major Coucuman, Secjec^rr for Mines, is expected t-o arrive here this morning, ICi' the purpose of meeting the I directors of the Great'Southern Company on j the claim, to make arrangc'.aeats for the future i uorkiniT of the diamond drill. | M iso.vMm.r.'s Mais Tai'I'inc, ArrAUMTS.— ; On Saturday afternoon at (ho exhibition tuaehi ■ nory yards two trials of Mweamhle's patent i in.\;n tapping apparatus wove made, and in each j instance the trial was all tlmt could be wished for. fuliy proving tho utility of the machine. In tho Jirst trial tho main was tapped and tap inserted in i1 minutes, whilst in the second the task was accomplished in V2 minutes. Oou\ Cai.i.s anu lHviro.:si>$.—Tho yield of gold !or th.e week is very much below the aver ago. only amounting to about I..H>0 o^s. The calls declared are very h«\\\vv also. making in the aggro:ate a total of jC1.71 10s., as against C(>«.*> made in dividends. Joupan's Rock Kouku.—Another aud most suec» ssful trial of Jordan's Paie.it lland-pr.wr Uock Prill was made on Saturday after.ioon. in tiie machinery yards of tho exhibition, under 1 tho superintendence of representatives of the i Melbourne agents, Messrs. Jones. »Soott, and j Co., and local agent, Mr. 11. -Jackson. The trial wa.< watched with much iute;v>: by a num ber of mine-owners, managers, and others, who were favorably impressed with the suitability of the machine for sinking and driving purposes. In the rirst trial a hole 1- ineho:- deep was bored in a solid block of granite in ten minutes, including all stoppages. The machine was then ti.ved to bore a hole at a considerable angle, and successfully bored l'.U inches in ~o minutes. Tho Mine was ineupico of a stoppage which oeeurrcd in the stand shifting through vibration and the changing of the drills four times in succession. The speed would be much greater when the machine could be fixed against solid ground and have a solid surface to work upon, and it was laboring under a disadvantage through the want of these conditions. Tne machine is to be removed to the Shenandoah mine during the week, where a practical trial will be given it in driving a love], and should it answer "the purpose well (of which there can he no doubi), it will be purchased by tho com pany. Kao.i.khawk 1\>uok Cor :;r.—'i'iio Mayor Mes?!^. Ivh'kwoo.l :ind Yiio;n,;s. ,l>. I1.. r.;v:-MO-i at this court on Saturday. tfdward Mri'dogou was. lined 5s. JUid '2?. t>.\\. co>;$, for removing timber from Crown laud.*. without a iiccusc. John Connolly, charge*! wi;ii a si milar olleuo«\ did not put in an aonoaraneo. n.-.d v. .is lined ~0.> . with *Js. lid. coiVs in cons, qnor.co. W. II. Crawford w.vs olur^od by Constable Satchweli with having au'.horUvd ins servant, Johu Ward, to remove timber oil* Crown lauds without a lice.iso. and iheoil'once being prow.I, the defen dant- was thn-d 10s., with 2 s. Oil. costs. A Chinaman named Min You was brought up on a charge of having boeii unlawfully on the pro mises of the Catherine Hoof United Com pany early on the moruiug of the ord instant with intent to commit .1 felony. Johu Mitchell, engineer in the employ of the company, deposed that on Iho morning of the 3rd inst- lie observed the prisoner stooping owr some pamrings, with a bag close to him. Wit ness attempted to secure him, but- U10 China man showed light aud go* away, but, wan ^uh-e quently arrested. Several Chinamen weiv called as witnesses to character, but in .spite of thi. aud the ehnpnmt pleading ui Mr. Wrixon, wh appeared on behalf >>: the prisoner, Ik- was so teiu'oa to a :crm of ;hzv« nun: lis* inr^U incut, with hard labor. J,!lc Kin-sue'I ' Curtain jor asmg lusnhuig words to iuv tf.i 1st mst. Mr. \\\ rixon appeared ;or t>e p]:• fuul tiie oiK'iioo be»nen lined 10?., with i;s> t}j. e.»u A —Curuiin v. Kiug—was Uismii«>i, with'3- 0J costs to derendant, .-md a ; ; .i o,;jj a;"n-' ''ll' oi the -.ciio row was also di-uissed, \v3 DEATH OF MR. GEORGE MATCHETT. — The death of this gentleman is notified in our obituary columns this morning, and his decease will be much regretted by his many friends. Mr. Matchett has resided at Huntly for a very long period, where he has been carrying on a lucrative business. He was the father of Mr. Matchett, grocer, of Mitchell-street, who is an old and respected resident this city. The deceased gentleman had been suffering for some time past from a cancer in the lip, to which malady he succumbed at his residence on Friday, at the mature age of 82 years. THE RESERVE FENCE.—The wooden fence surrounding Rosalind Park, opposite Pall Mall, has recently been very much improved in ap- pearance through the use of the paint brush. Previously the fence presented a very dilapi- dated appearance. The City Council should make an effort to have a useful and ornamental iron fence erected, similar to that portion facing View Point. INSPECTION OF VINEYARDS.—Messrs. Crichton and Woinarski, inspectors of vineyards, visited the Upper lvam Creek on Friday, and cm Satur day they vve;v at Sirathticldsayo and jiJosquito Crook. They proceeded to Meibourne by the o.HO p.m. train ou Saturday, and will rotu'.u this morning to proceed with their labors at 1ml luiy'iloxor'i va*la\ Vix have tjeen discovered. XonriiKKN Corr.si.so Ci.ru.—Owners of i:rey hoands arc reminded that nominations tor Cue opening meeting of the :\hovo club, which com mences a: Unnnymede on the loth inat.. m.;s«: be in:'..lo to tiie hon. secretary, Mr. Audivw Scott, c>cott\s Hotel. Klmoiv, 0:1 the 9:h ins:. The stakes tit be run for are—The Xorthon Stakes, tor lo all ages; and the Inunewang Puppy Stakes, for Iti puppies. The nomination fee for each event is three ^iiinoas, and :»••• prues are — Winner. ,C'2o: runner-up, £10; and two do.Co each. liar. s are iv ported t • be very plentiful this >eisou. and s.-me line spor; is ex pected. A lar^e number of d";_r$ ;irc io train ing, and if there should be a good fail «.[ rain— as there is every appearance o<—before the Uitti; the ground will bo ha irae order lm* the dogs. Death of Mr. Bellingham. - We have to announce with regret the death, on Saturday evening, it his residence, California Gaily, of a very old resident of that locality, Mr. Ambrose Bellingham. This gentleman, who was a native Guernsey, and a master mariner, command- ing for some years vessels trading to and from that island, arrived on Bendigo in the early days of gold-digging, and for about five and twenty years has been engaged in mining. Of late years he was well known at the Beehive as a speculator. Mr. Bellingham, we are informed, discovered and opened up the Johnson's Reef, and has been largely interested in mines in the California Gully and adjacent localities. He took considerable interest in public and poli- tical matters, though he never played any very prominent part in them. He was a member of the California Gully Common School Committee, and has stood as a candidate for the Sandhurst Mining Board. He was a member of the Ancient Order of Foresters, and it will be seen by a notice in another column that the members of his coart are invited to follow his remains to the White Hills Cemetery this afternoon at three o'clock. The deceased, who had previously enjoyed excellent health, was taken ill about nine months ago, and has been ailing on and off ever since. His last illness commenced about six weeks ago, and consisted of some serious disorder of the stomach, from which he suffered, at times, great agony. The pain ceased some days ago, and on Saturday evening he passed peacefully and quietly away. He was a man of a most kindly disposition and of quiet and unassuming manners. He will be missed and deeply regretted by a large circle of friends. He leaves a widow and one daughter, a young lady occupying third position as teacher in the Central State School on Camp Hill. The Mklwukn";: Exhibition*.— Mr. Schaeter, of .Victoria-street, Iroubar'.;. lias received a letter from the secretary of the Mel bourne Juvenile Industrial hxhiwtion, request ing hius to forward to that exhibition a very neat model of a spring-cart which he is at pre sent exhibiting at the Sandhurst Exhibition. Sandhurst Easter Fair.—Despite the short- I ness of time allowed for the working up of the I annual Easter Fair, the committee are doiu.; j wonder; in the way of procuring different shows : and amusements. Xo trouble is beirg spared < to provide the best and highest pleasure (.it the 'east possible expense) for the public cu the days o: Easter Moniay a'j d Tuesday. After considerable difficulty arrangements have l«5a completed with the renowned Ha ij Hamo for his startling Indian exhibition, per formed for the tires time in' the colonies. The attraction of the Chinese Carnival is to be enlarged by the addition oi chariots filled with Chiatss soldiers, dress«d in thoir moss modern attire, and headed by one dressed in fac fi-juiU costume to the Emperor of China. The latest addition to the ma-ay other shows, is one which has not yet appeared in the colonies, vir,, the miner's dream. This is, in point oi fact, a complete miniature working Cornish ■j mine, aud in which 'inures are made to perform the different occupations as iu life, carpenters -it T.-or'-t, alsobh.,;k;mithi, miners, sawyers, grin-lcn, ln.ier.ica, eta. The ms.'h: n.ry. which o i::?i=t.s of fuur engines, viz., pump ing, iiaaiiu;.', a;.;:;, an I crashing endues. aud taken in ail the miner's dream appears as if en dowed with life. Connected with the above is a mooter s:>w-Ssh, hammer-headed shark. a:.d mau-n-h; also, one of the greatest curiosities iu the vrorli, a mechanical representation of the Hassians marchins on Constantinople. A: a special meeting held on Saturday evening Mr. Andrew Morrison was appointed general mana ger of the fair, and from this gentleman's well known energy and business capabilities every :h.ng \v:2: doubtless be pushed forward, ,-u t'. ":-.rdy as pa-.-ille. "Bssswiext Astlcjl—The com mit tes ■ >( the a-yinm air: at the usual hour on Friday, 4:k April. 3'resmi:—Mr. W. St..-.!:.' ;in t'.:-j chair), v.i;h Messrs. ijsb;:nf G'Ce.;:. (jcin, gilisan, Tayier, aud H, Birch (lion, se-rcr t'ary). applicants He:'-; relieved bv orders i upon siorei and -7 in kind from the ;u;utute i in addition to th>»e aheauy on the books; ail i ia 3 easts was stayed, 1 adult was admitted, and 1 ease was allowed fare to Ing'.ewood. .Reports from medical oiiicer, superiutindear, and collector wore read and received. .State oi the house—Adnits. Ill; children, 15S; total, 2C3. Out-dour--Families, et«-., relie\ed daring the '.veek, 1ST. Tur. Suef.pwash CJcn Accident.—We regret to hear tli.it tli« lad Hugh Deravin, who was accidentally shot by his brother, at the Sheep wash, a couple of months ago. still remains in a very low condition. But for tin? strong consti tution which tin.- unfortunate boy possessed, he must have succumbed before now. As it is, he is in a very weakened state, and although there is still a chance of his recovering, serious fears are entertained us to the manner in which the occurrence may result. Thk County Coukt.—His Honor Acting-judge I.vwli sat. in the County Court-on Saturday until 1 o'clock, .uiil business will be resumed at 11 o'clock this morning. Only two cases now remain to be ui -ii.wr.i of. On Saturday the only of any interest tried was that of Harnett v. Oroeu, in which the plaintiiV sought to recover a sum of il'oQ odd, for m. nev lent to John Kay, liow insolvent. wlio lately oarriod on business at tho Are:uIo auction room-; as John Kay and Co It scorns that ilui plaintiff gave the money Kay. as John Kay mul Co., ;;s? ho. had boon/iitra formod tint Given was a partner in the busied to llo had i-.-oviously lout Kay tnonov, but ^vitlioi :;,e last, Uiu was repaid Kay stopped pay( l>y a ci)nplo of aszreenieiits which wove pi) | appeared that under one of them lvav > business as an auctioneer to thadefendaifc'0 and by t!iO other he was appointed t r aad carry on the business of an auc" and on behalf of Green, in the eame heretofore carried on bv him" {tp*Ctm" Kay). Uuiier this hitter a^roeniej^b :uu^ tended that Kay beiuij the :\geut^;*y luvin-: borrowed the" money*:*?*1 London i o., and paid it into their aeeou*^ present ed rharteivd lUuk/ that CiAom>r .lef-.-hbiit, was legally Jiable/t Green was that there eouM Tie no iW'enoe to liable for Kay's actions i/iluestiou "?s» aneii .'-necrinsj business, brproduced, Kay wheilier under the a^ree^cy* *tis honor was authorised to borr concomitant part maintained that it wa^tioneer to borrow of the business of not authorised to do money, and that Kavaud lion-suited thu so under the aureeoJ it seems is a sort of phiintitV with eostsumbt bo earned to the test actum and ^'ii' Stipriiiuo Court, .vs. — 1 i;euiutcnn<.'nuou--" Tits K.vsi-KK H as liolUays in th« public .lavs w.ll Iks ,»U vi;-..:-Wi>"uy t!>o Utli, | oi'tkvs at H.iaav 14th. and Tm-S'lay l.ith t>.itui\lay 12t]jartn"io:its ot -.ho Customs, tlie Aoril. l":i tlfcotrio anil Kaihvavs, Post-offieo sv atV«>rilc>l to yrovout any uieou faoilities uvmiUlie wiiioh lh.: total siisp^usiou tiijnt occasion. Mnuaay, tiie^ -Uv of i>iisiny'\\)^ou pivn'suuiotl ;i pui'lie holiuay ; uf Anrily »he 15th inst., a bank luili.lav at an.l ''!V H..rs!i<\- kk.>m aPw::u.iso ltoi-sii—Sarjicaut anv.^ol, ou warrant,jiu Hn.ige ^ '-'VOhiuaiiliiu nanu'il All Show, t\\)V h.wui^ sd'A Itii LVioWr. 1S7S. smIi'h at Ha.iiou in'ar <>>/■»! Ir.iiii the lUvulliii',' house of All U-iKe:- iiuniii)u-v.-r wat.-h, ^reo d ,.»<• -.'i.i ritm, :iu.l .itiu-r artiultftf. Utf fbe -irv up ill the Oitv l'.jli.jf Court tins ,-lt;be jvnv.unleil to Biularat. I'll;: Wi-.vi'iu'.i:.-0i> Saturday the xvoatber ivas exoe.-sively disa^roealiie, as a norm wum ;nvvailea, aad tlio t-'.nperatnre was exeeodiugly iii^U lor this season of tin: year. The night :Uso was cl--.se and oppressive. Oil Sunday tfle wind veoiv i round to tlio westward somewhat, ami heavy thunder clouds overspread the western h(iri.:.)u. Just at janset a steady lall of rain set in. which l.ntt'J for about an hour, accompanied with distant peals of thunder ami l'ashes of lijhtiviiis to tin: nor;in\ ard ami west ward. The thunderstorm gradually drove away to the oast, ami the raiu ceased, without, having hail much eil'eet on the dry and parehtnl ground. It will be in the recollection of our readers that just about this time last year Satidimrst ivas visited by a very disastrous llood, which did a deal of damage to tile city tiiroygli the inca pacity of the Charing-c.ross bridge to carry off the storm water. There is little fear of this occurring again this year, as the bridge has been so enlarged that it will caarv off all the water thai is likely to come down the liemiigo t'reck. PETTY LARCENY, - On Saturday Constable Kilfedder arrested a labouring man named John Cooke for stealing a coat, the property of Michael Anson, out of a waggon in the market, and later in the day he also arrested a woman named Elizabeth Primmer, who was tryingi to pawn a coat which she had stolen out of a market gardener's cart at Kangaroo Flat. Both prisoners will he brought up at the City Police Court this morning. Wantkd as Ows-r.R.—The police require nil owuor tor An American axe, which was found in the possession of a man named Thos. M'Creedy, who was arrested on Saturday by Constable se: dawn in the charge sheet as "Selini Tarkololli." was brought up fur having used in decent lanjua^e. Senior constable Barry deposed that the man was turned out of Me'AHan's hotel in Mitchell street. ter luing abusive language, lie was lined. .CI or the alternative of three davs' stabbed Annie Williams on the previous day, was remanded to Thursday next, on the applica tion of Mr. Motteram ivho appeared for the defence. Hail was allowed in one surety of £"2o and accused in £2j. In the ease of Richard B.v.vmau, ehar_vd wit!: perjury, Detective Duncan applied lor a remand for a week, which was granted. Donations.—The lion, collector of the Ben di^o Hospital (Mr. Hawkins) respectfully acknowledges the receipt of the following con tributions:—Mr. T. Sauinson, £1 Is.; Mr. J. S. William?, £1 Is.: Mrs. K. Kave, £1 Is.; Mr. R. Xewb.dd, £1: Garibaldi Company, par Mr. M'Auly, Co S-\: Mr. A. Bavne, £1: Messrs. Drew and CVnwav, £'2; Mr. .loscnh- Ceok, £1; Mr. S. Max, £1. TiiAYKiiS For. Rain.—Iii bt. Andrew's Presbyterian Church yesterday, ami in .ill the Presbyterian churches throughout the colony, prayers were offered up for rain. Land Tax Arf'AU —At. the Land Tax Court on Friday, evidence was taken in the appeal of Messrs. \Yra;_'ge and !fearno against their estate of 17,400 acres, ill the counties of Bendigo and Rodney, being placed in the second class. Mr. U. Walsh appeared fur the Crown, .Mid Mr. lverlerd for the appellants. The evideneo was not- finished when the Cinrt adjourned until Monday next. Nkw Insolvent.-r-Julia White, widow, farmer, of Path >. Causes of insolvency—failure of crops, and pressure- of a jud-ment creditor. Liabilities £10S 4s. Si. ; assets, £366 ; surplus, ,C 157 l.")s. 9,1. Mr. Shackell, official assignee. Mr. Akehurst. attorney. Sr. PEriit's CiK'KCii Bazaar.—Tho bazaar in connection with St. Peter's Ciiuroh (Kaglehnivk) art iwi.-ii will be re-opened this evening at the Town Hall, Eagishawk. On Wednesday the long-pending arc union will bo drawn pro rata. llr.ATti in' tii>' HosPir.Ui.—A man named Edward Taylor. 32 years of age, who was ad mitted into the hospital on the 10th March, die.', in the institution last eveuing from disease of the liver. Kutiii' Hours' Anniversary. —An adjourned meeting of the members of the building trades will be held this eveniug at the B^th Hotel, at tight o'clock. "D'Ai-.cy Head's Giiost.—Oil Saturday night the last of tiie series of Mr. D'Arey Read's Ghost performances was given at the Masonic Hall. The pro^rair.nie consisted ot th® sketch " Paust and Mar^uc-ite," '"The Parseo in Search of his Wire," and "The Haunted House." Mr. Head has decided to give a novel sacred entertainment on the evening of Good Fri iav, which will re.':aire the early part of the week to prepare. It wili consist of the history of Joseph and his brethren, illustrated with spectral visions, tableaux, and appropriate music. Mr. D'Arey Read will also deliver a lecture bearing upon the subject. Weslkyan CuriicH, Haywood,—Qii Sunday, 13th instant, anniversary noriuons in connection with the NYcdcyan Ciiuroh. Haywood, will be preach.".! by the Rev. D. S. L.i-.ve, and a tea meeting will be held on the Monday folio>ving. The Skating Rink.—The skatta Williamson-strict was muder.-,toiy well attended on hauvday night, The rink will tor the fuiure be open to the public as follows:—Mon days and Thursdays, from 3 to 10 o'clock p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays from 2 till 6 o'clock p.m. STATS OK Hi:?. .U-UnsTT s Gaol.—The lollow ing is the weekly state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Sandhurst, tar the week ending 5th April, 1S79:—List return, 53 males: 14 females. Since received, 15 males; 1 tenure; total, 73 males, 15 fumaies. Sines discharged, 14 males, 2 females. Total now in, 59 males; 13 females. C:a5s:ik-d as follows:—Trial, 4 males; 1 female. Remanded, 5 males; 0 females. Default of tines, etc., 4 males, 2 females. Default of sureties, 5 males, 1 female. Imprisonment, ]4 males, 1 female. Hard labor, 27 males, 8 females. The Bokdf.u Duties.—Further corres pondence has taken plaee in Sydney between Mr. Lalor and Sir Henry Parkes in connexion with the border duties question, and the letters are published in the Aiyu-*. They are of a personal character, and do not atTeci the negotia tions iu chief. Mr. Lalor complains that his bitsrr of tbo 31st January was not answered " i >r a I"ng pen-.vi,'" and that the reply to the preliminary communication lr.ms Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was i:i different terms to the later i •.-.iwiouasonticn?, and that consequently his time . Ui^n \vailed. S?? Henry iar!ies says that : the delay occurred ! Mri Lalor suddenly i'-aviiw the Colony to:- .'lelbourne, and reniaiuing absent. without fiirthci- communication fur a con siderable porjmi, and that he could not possibly infc-rm Sir Bryan O'Loghlen of his objection to propjaaU life had never heard of. Sir Henry Parkcs adds that Mr. Lalor ha* used language "calculated to irritate rather than conciliate," : and that he has refrained from direct replies "ill j order to avoid any misunderstanding between the f two colonies." 