News of the Week. r • ' ••' - ••• The hopper-barge Goolwa arrived at Port Adelaide on Tuesday. There is a water-famine on a small scale at Kadina. All the female immigrants ex Loch Fyne were engaged within three hours of landing. More are wanted. Honest Curtis, young lad, killed at Glen Osmond on Tuesday, by a dray accident. Harris, auctioneer, Strathalbyn, has been arrested for forgery. Sir Gavin Duffy is to be Agent-General of Victoria. The Corvette Thetis burnt at Plymouth last week. Copper is lower in price than tin ! What's the reason 1 £500 worth jewellery has been stolen from a railway-station in Melbourne. Lady Robinson has received a parting present —diamond'necklace—from the ladies of Sydney. A rich gold lead discovered in Ravenswood (Queensland). The rich goldfield of Tasmania—Brandy Creek —has been re-christened Beaconsfield. Isn't that a rather equivocal cpmpliment to the Earl 1 The William Mackinnon left Port Darwin on Tuesday. She has £1000 wortlj of gold aboard. 416 Chinese arrived at Port Darwin on Tues-, day. The Blister's correspondent says— " Every inducement is offered for their coming." The Baptist Association -annual financial report shdw.s a deficiency of £29518s. 7d., which is met by "White's Fund" of £154 0s. 7d. and National Bank deposit of £13218s. The London Polytechnic has been burnt. Orchard, shepherd, Mount Brown, died suddenly on Tuesday. Port Augustans are forming a Rifle Club. The steamer Bonnie Dundee collided with the s.s. Barrabool near Sydney on Monday night, and sank in three minutes. Five persons were drowned. The vessel was insured for £6,000. The Hydrabad, which recently stranded at New Zealand with railway material on board, is being emptied.of-water with a view of recovering the remainder of the Gargc. At the Marine Board meeting on Monday, the Town Clerk of Port Adelaide wrote to the effect " that the Council was carefully considering the matter of the site of the Corporation jetty." The Secretary was instructed to suggest an early settlement of the question. Thai Sunday afternoon services which are conducted in the Port Town Hall by the Seamen's Mission continue to be well attended. The local church choirs render valuable assistance. Mr. Judkins advertised a meeting for Saturday afternoon, at- the Port, to consider the " alarming situation" of the Chinese question. Very little interest seemed to be taken in the matter, however, and long after the advertised hour there were only a few persons present. At about five o'clock Mr. Judkins announced that he had expected that some members of the Anti- Chinese League would come down from town to speak upon the question ; but, as they had not arrived, it would be better to postpone the meeting. This was accordingly done. Rosewater is rapidly assuming the appearance of a thriving township. Buildings are being erected in all directions, and the population has very greatly increased during the last few months. The Primitive Chapel, which was completed some time ago, is well £Iled at each service, and the trustees will probably soon find a necessity for an enlargement of the building. Commercial Road, Port Adelaide, is being greatly improved. At the higher end the market is fast approaching completion, and further down two substantial shops are being built for Mr.. Turner, fruiterer ; and another has just been completed to the order of Mr. Heise, bootmaker. At the lower end of the road the spacious and handsome Marine Board offices are receiving the finishing touehes. If trade only advances in a proportionate ratio with the buildings, the Port will soon be in a highly prosperous condition. On Saturday evening a meeting cf the Port Adelaide Pioneers' Strike Committee was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, when repre sentatives from the Port Pioneers were appointed with those of the Labor League and the Eight Hours Association to visit Gawler for the purpose of interviewing Messrs. Martin & Co., to see if any settlement of the present unliappy dispute could be arrived at. There were two 1 delegates from Gawler, who gave an explanation of the manner in which the contributions to thestrike funds were expended, and also detailed the picket Arrangements. They eaid J -that when any new hand came ta GaMer to work for Messrs. Martin & Cp:, the members of the picket placed the ; facts of the case |before them, appealing to their moral sense of right first. Then they offered them assistance if they wished to go anywhere else. If they resisted and refused, then they just left them alone; nothing more was done, and they were free to act as they pleased. One man had received rough treatment, it was true, but it was at the hands of the apprentices working for Messrs. Martin & Co.; but there had been no act of intimidation whatever practised. They also stated that. the' Ijoys out on strike were being sent to school,;sojast.toi keep them out of the way of doing mischief. We have further learned that the visit of: the deputation to Gawler was. non-effective, no announcement of the intended interview having been sent, so that the employers 'were not * present; Mr. Martin himself being sick, another member of the firm away out of town, and* the third not being within immediate reach. The effort was nevertheless commendable,, and it is even yet hoped an amicable adjustment will be arrived at. The earlier part of the service on Sunday evening in the Port Wesleyan Church was continually interrupted by an individual who was suffering 1 from excessive alcoholic absorption. During the sermon he fell asleep, and continued in his pew in that condition till after the congregation had' dispersed. A great deal of trouble -was ex- 1 perienced in getting him out of the church, as he was stubborn and pugilistically inclined. The Mount Gambier papers tell a {< ghost"- story:—" Just at the twilight William Carrison was loading his gun for a shot, when all at once he heard a hideous yell, and, turning -his eyes in the direction from whence the sound proceeded, he observed what appeared to be a", man of rather unusually tall stature. V'' " * towards him. Carrison looked with a fix at the object, and it appeared so weird 1 " earthly that his blood began to chiU and to bristle. On it came,- and- as it apjpr yelled again. Carrison then put a cap' gun, and, taking aim, fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground out of sight and left no trace behind. At the same instant' Walter Carrison, who was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition, and, having his gun loaded and capped at "the time; fired. That object, too, appeared to have felt the shot " and melted into thm air. The people here believe the ghost or ghosts are those of some person or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they were seen." Credulous Carrisons ; or, else, credulous public ! A surfeit is as bad as a scarcity. The District Councils recently complained that they could not get enough silt for street-forming ; now Ithe deposit wharves are so filled-up with it that there's scarcely Iroom to discharge a pontoon. o The S. A. Poultry Society has a credit balance of £26 3s. The French Government have voted 240,000 francs to defray the cost of representing France at the Melbourne Exhibition next year. Arrivals at Port by sea last week, 193 ; departures, 84. ' The adjourned inquest upon the body of Mrs. Hall, who died at Glanville last week, resulted in an open verdict The Coroner cautioned the woman at whose house th6 death occurred, not' to allow persons to "shout" drinks upon her, premises until they became intoxicated, as had been done by deceased: The Hindmarsh Congregationalists held a successful anniversary celebration on Sunday and Monday last. Pilot Woolnough goes to England on a seven months' leave of absence. TM K.C. Bishop left for England per Rodney on Thursday. He received several presentations. A child named Phillis was drowned in a tank at Fullarton on Tuesday. The Lodginghouses Act is to be amended next session. Quite right. Maitland has now a police-trooper, and the Y. P. Advertiser maliciously adds—" A station and Courthouse Will soon be needed !" Mrs. Nicholson, wife of Rev. J. Nicholson. Moonta, died on Saturday morning. There are 18,000 Chinese in Queensland. Foxes have been acclimatised in Victoria What earthly good they are likely to <be no one knows. The policemen who caught the Hatfield bushrangers are to be promoted. There are over 2,000 Chinamen in the Northern Territory. The Wine and Spirit Co.'s half-yearly balancesheet shows a profit of £600. A herdsman named Scott has had his head battered to pieces at Moliagal. The murderer is at large. Fortunate individuals, who have a credit balance, should attend Messrs. Green & Co.'s sales t'o-day and Wednesday. See advt. The surface-hands at Moonta Mines receive only 27s. a week. And still immigrants are coming! The Jamestown people are puzzled to account for the fact that only one male child has been born in that town during the last year. Our Kingston correspondent is jubilant respecting the prospects o^that district. He writes : — u Kingston is on the high-road to prosperity ! Already we have sent one wheat-laden schooner to Port Adelaide this season ; and two more— the Resolute and Bright Planet—are receiving freight for the same port." Our German correspondent writes :—"It has been decided that a third fort shall be erected on the mountains near Strasburgh, between the two now standing. The spot selected is on the top of a peak near the village of Mundolsheim, and when it is completed there will be altogether fourteen detached forts surrounding Strasbuig. On some of the fortifications of that locality there are being erected steel-covered towers, which can be turned round in every direction. One has been already completed ; it stands not far from the war-passage on the Kroniburger high-road. A number of detached forts have been erected round Cologne, on the left side of the Rhine. They are armed with cannons of the heaviest calibre. The fortifications on the right bank of the Rhine are also nearing completion. The third German naval station and fortified harbor will be Danzig, on the Baltic. The work of construction has been pushed on with great vigor, and will soon be completed. So soon as the harbor itself shall have been finished extensive outer, works along the coast will be taken in hand, the object being to render Danzig thoroughly impregnable from the seaside. From Roumania comes information that 3000 Jewish families intend to emigrate to the United States. The editors of the Occident and Jewish Messenger {published in New York), have purchased large tracts of land ill the neighborhood of Joplin on behalf of the emigrants. On Thursday evening a promenade concert was given, in aid of the harmonium fund connected with the Seamen's Mission, on board the ship Mary Lowe, lying in the stream at Port. Adelaide. There was a large gathering of auditors, and very nice accommodation had been provided in the spacious 'tween decks of that fine vessel. The programme was carried out under presidency of Mr. Derrington, Mr. Pud&y; the accompaniments to the songs, etc', "ons or songs were given by Messrs. Berishop, Alexander, Shawyer, Coombs, Weeks, and Toque; a good cornet solo Schmidt, and a minstrel entertainment by the members of the Torrens Christys. A supply of fine fruit awaited the guests on their arrival on board, and the whole proceedings passed off pleasantly with an acknowledgment of the kindness of Captain Walker and the officers of the vessel, and of all who had given assistance. An adjourned enquiry into the cause of stranding of the barque Courier was held on Friday. The Marine Board considered that the master acted indiscreetly by placing too much confidence in the local knowledge of his first mate. As the vessel sails under the Nicaraguan flag, and the master has credentials from that Republic, the Board were unable to take any further action. The dead body of an infant lias been found at Glenelg. Infanticide suspected. Elsewhere will be found an advertisement announcing the transfer to Mr. Ward of the business formerly conducted by Mr. Elliot at the Semaphore. Mr. Ward has had a great deal of experience in his profession under one of the chief firms of the colony, and, as his establishment is replete with every requisite, he will doubtless be well patronised. The service} of song " Eva," given jin the Wesleyan Church, Alberton, on Wednesday evening, on behalf of Mr. Nancarrow's family was a great success. The building was crowded. The net proceeds were £19 A noUe- prosequi has been entered by the Crown-Solicitor in the case of Reilley, charged with stealing a watch-tackle from the Dunloe at Port Adelaide on Nov. 13th. The Glanville people have, at last obtained the £300 voted for improving Hart-street last session. 