Archhisliop Tiing!iu:i on ihliieatioiii. The following report of the speech delivered by Archbishop Vatighan on laying the founda tion stone of a new Catholic school at Bal- main we take from the Syrfm-y .Vorii'tnt/ Jfernl'I, of November 10th Archbishop Vanghan. prior to laying the foundation stone, addressed the gathering ns follows : — It was only tho other day that I had the gratification of Inviug the foundation stone of a school at Forest bodge— where in a few minutes six hundred pounds were sub- scribed— before the end of this month f shall bo doing the same for the gr nt schools at Davliug'.iurst, and now I tun here, in tho midst of our Catholic working men, just about, to perform the same ceremony fo Father Dillon ? and I suppose, to say some few words upon the all-absorbing topic of Catholic education. And first of all I must express to yon my unfeigned delight nt being in the midst of you litis evening. I look upon you the Catholic working-men of this district, with eyes and feelings of especial sympathy and admiration. Yon know that if you were travelling in Yorkshire, and you began to tell a Yorkshire man how much you admired Mr. So and So., that Yorkshlrcmaii would at once turn upon you sharp and ask— What did ho give you? Now, what is it that you have given mo, to compel me to speak of yon in the terms iu which I have spoken ? 1 will tell you : you have given me the consciousness that the very poorest of our people possess that true Catholic spirit winch shows itself in great and noble works. You, the Catholic people of Balmnin, you arc descended from a race which has ever loved faith better than life, and which possesses an innate generosity which is I think I may say it, especial lo the Irish character. Let mo for one moment quote the words of a great Frotestant historian. Ho says ,s A standard of domestic virtue, a delicacy of female honour, was gradually formed amongst the Irish poor higher limn in any other part of the Empire, and utisur- passe'd if not unequalled in Europe. The very extension of poverty and mendicancy hail produced among thcin a rare and touching spirit of charity, a rcadiuess to share with one another tho last crust and tho last potato. Domestic affections were more thnu commonly warm. The memorable fact that in the present century not less than twenty millions of pounds have been sent hack in the space of twenty years by those who went for tho most part as penniless emigrants lo America, to their relatives in Ireland, illus trates a side of the Irish character which was already noticed by rnnuy observers ; and, in modcru time., concerning which alone we can speak with confidence, infanticide, deser tion, wife-murder, and other crimes indica ting a low state of domestic morality linvc been much rarer among the Irish poor than among tho corresponding classes in Eng. land." I find those pregnant words of Mr. I.ccky, regarding tho generosity of the Irish people, borne out as to their truth wherever I go throughout the colony. Their hand is set to every good work, aud their charity is unbounded. So far, in general. But what have you the people of Balmnin, done, that you should bo numbered amongst ilio.-c who have proved themselves worthy of tiiis praise? Let mo say what you have douc for Hie sake of those who may not know. I will tnko the wholo district served by Father Dillon. First, lake Balmain proper. There you have a convent to begin with, which, in round numbers, will cost £0500, ami I am told that improvements and internal fittings and r.vrangomcnrs have en tailed another £1000. On all this tho debt has been reduced lo £1500. Father Dillon puts down the schools connected with the Church at £1300. But my main point is this — for I want my audience to know what these people have done to make me praise them— that the laboring men and the citizens and the ship-carpenters have douc what thousands did lieforc them in the Ages of Faith— they have given the work of their hands and the sweat of their brow to the service of the Church. The church, for one reason and another had fallen into great disrepair. The schools had bccouto too smnll. What did these people do? For fifteen mouths they worked double tides — ttiat is, after tho toil and drudge of their daily work was over, in- stead of enjoying duriug tho rest of the evening their well-earned repose, they sot to work again on tlio church niul on the schools, and began their labor of tovo. In the sum mer time tliey left off labour at -I p.m., and then set to working for tho schools and Church till close of night. In winter they were not deterred, even by darkness, for I am told they labored by lamplight at this great and glorious work for God. I say those hands and arms will be blessed, those wearied feet will " walk in ways of peace," for our Lord must love such men ns these, who thus spend themselves in His service. Father Dillon tells inc that he values tho labors of these men at £100, What have these men given me ? A glorious sample of Christian workmen, working after working hours, and deep into the night, for the Church of their fathers. Let us now come nearer homcstill. Lookatthoground beneath your feet ; look nt this large properly whoro we arc assembled. IIow caiuo it into our possession ? I say we owe it to the Catholic working men. These gentlemen — aud they are true gentlemen of the land in Us highest sense— these gentlemen formed a committee ami bought the laud, and petitioned me to scud tlio Sisters of Hie Good Samaritan to teach in the schools they had erected. Two of these gcutlcmcn held the land tilt the appointment of Fattier Dillon, aud then they made It over to the Church. The school itself cost £700, and £300 have been spent in furniture aud ap pliances. The hind is valued at £800, making a total of £1800, with a debt remaining of £300. In one word, taking the two centres ot labor, the Convent costing £7500, the schools of St. Augustine £1300, and those of St. Joseph £1800, we. may say safely that over £10,000 have been sqKmt hi tkondvnnco- mcnt of morality and religion in the district. And this money has, nt least iu part, l>ccn collected, I think I may say in great part, by the weekly subscriptions of tho poorer classes who, together with their religion, have brought into thiscountrv that stilmulid i?nnn. rosity which is especial to the Irish people. 1 think, indies aud gentlemen, that I have now satisfied my imaginary Yorkshire friend ; and £ believe that uvea he would be cott- strained to admit that I have very gocd reason, indeed, for praising the Catholic work men of Balmnin. And uow if they wilt let me I will tell a bit of my mind to all honest, liberal-minded men with regard to those great events which arc casting their dark and gloomy shadows before. They say in the country that when a storm is comiug of un usual violence, the animals become unusually quiet iu the fields, and there seems to be a hush iu nature, till suddenly the cataracts of heaven open, and the thunder bellows as the forked lightning flashes on every side and shivers mid chars, nml turns into a black wreck the noblest tree of the forest. Though things enuuot well be as bad as this, I will not conceal from you or from myself that there arc signs iu the heavens of -that which of all things else in a free country is likely to produce such a storm as no bishop or priest would be able to avert. 1 refer to the spirit of tyranny and persecution tbnt seems as if it was about to bo unchained. Am 1 not an Englishman standing here before the children of the Irish race I Havo 1 not since the very first day I landed hero, now well nigh six years ago, held out the hand of brotherhood to all of you. And did 1 not tell you that our sympathies were welded together by bonds of ancient suffering, and that the thought of what your people went through on one side of the channel, joined to the thought of the persecutions suffered by my owu on Hie other — did f not say that this bound me to you with nn unconquerable symyalhv, strong as charity, which is more "powerful than death? Aud have 1 not, dining these six years that I have been your spokesman ami your friend, proved to you that (time worths were not vain words, but thai they were the expression of a hidden energy that has spent itself and will spend itself to the end in your service? And did wo not congratulate one with another that we had found a homo iu a bright and sunny land, where " nor sorrow nor crying should be any more aud did we not think that though the past were painful, still we had put 16,000 miles of sea between ourselves ami the scenes of ancient suffering and de gradation ? Yes we did. But alas, have we not been too sanguine in our anticipa tions? Wlmt did we suffer as slaves and helots for at home? Because we preferred torture nml death to acting against our con science, aud lo be butchered and ombowolled rather than allow these for whom we were responsible to be tampered with in their faith. We hoped that we had escaped from all forms of tyranny and persecution by coming so fur awny — wlicie we were told that all were equal, and all were free. I hoped that by my kindness to you, mul by standing up for you, ami defending yon, anil showing sympathy and love to you, tint I should in some way make up for all you had undergone nl 'the hands of iny own countrymen ; and I did hope that they out hero would only bo too glad to join nio and treat you with exceptional tenderness espe cially with regard to your religion and your children, whh the thought in their minds— with the burning consciousness of the cruel, monstrous wrongs that they bad iutlictcd on you in the past. But all this seems to he n vain illusion— a dream from which wo arc to be aroused by about the most Ingeniously devised piece of scientific persecution that lias been invented iu modern times. The end of the ntoro brutal form of persecution and of the more cultivated is one — it is to destroy our holy religion. I believe the scientific method is more effective, and I believe more odious, than the more expe ditious way, of tearing out the heart nnd bowels of a living nnd grown man. Hero the plan is to striko ut tittle children— at the helpless ItUlo children of the Catholic poor. Do you know that in the days of trial they iiad a special instrument for squeezing the life and blood out of tbosc Catholics who declined to deny their God .' It was a kind of press, with a screw at tho top. The Catholic man or woman was shored into this rrcss , just largo enough to hold one : the lop was forced down with the screw until it touched tho head nml back of the victim. Then the real operation begun. By a slow, almost imperceptible process, the 'lop was continually pushed further uud further down till the victim first lost breath, then the frame gradually gave way, nnd the whole body col lapsed iuto a mangled bleeding mass. This was called ' The Scavenger's Daughter." Now tho modern -Scavenger's Daughter is of a different construction. The Archbishop and Bishops, hare told yon that the secularist system and schools founded on that system, so fnr ns Catholics arc concerned, arc "sccdplots of future infidelity, immorality, and lawlessness, " for they tend towards destroying the fulness of your Catholic faith, nnd hence of your Catholic morality and reverence, and I am glad to see Hint the ncw6mpcrs lmrc been fixing tlmt condemnation indelibly on your minds by tlicir'eontiiuieiljami opportune quo tation of the words of the Joint l'nstoral. Well, using my private judgment in the choice of an expression, I would cull those schools " Scavengers' Daughters," because they arc the most effective instruments invented by man for squeezing very gradually nnd almost imperceptibly the Catholic faith out of a Catholic pcoptc. I have said this beforo in other words : the Bishops have spoken with me ; the world knows what our teaching is ; it has been printed and reprinted in every newspaper in town niul country. It is a fact publicly established that Catholics cannot iu couscicnccficnd their children to non-Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has been iu all the newspapers, that we object to sending clergymen to the 1'ublic schools, whether with class rooms or without, to join the jar of tongues ami the contradiction of creeds which is abhorrent from all our in stincts of rorercuco nnd roligion. Wo havo most carefully, and I think I may say boldly, spoken out as was our bounden duty, know ing as we did that a change was about to be made in the Education Act unfavourable to our viows. What has been the result I First of all, a hurricane of abuso and endless insult cast upon what is dearer to us tbnn life itself on our holy rcligiou. As to those who havo abused and insulted me personally, Utc worst wish I harbour in their regard is that they may have the grace to become Catholics be fore they die. Well, during the downpour, I endeavoured calmly nnd clearly to state our ease. Ono thing, I believe, all will admit —tlmt our case lias been stated clearly, and is perfectly intelligible. Next, Parliament meets. Tlio outlines of the new education scheme are laid before the colony. What arc its provisions? What is its drift ? There is ono thing in its drift Hint I admire, nnd that is that it evidently attempts to meet the re quirements of some large sections of tho com munity. It not only implies a knowledge of their existence, but it also alms at answering some of their wants. Tho church oEEnqland will have greater facilities for religious in struction ; the Nonconformists will have, it. seems, all they want, so far as they nro con cerned ; the Lcngue will have several con cessions, pavtial compulsion, if notcntiro,aQd nil nppronch to freedom from fees. I admire any attempt at meeting the wishes of largo classes. 1 am ouly too pleased when I see my fellow colonists rejoicing in n method of education which gives them, as fnthcrsniul mothers, penccnnd happiness when they think of their children. I would bo among the first to interfere, the first to speak out were thoy tyranuized over, or were their conscientious convictions trampled under foot by a Ivmnnicnl majority. So far tho promiso of the now bill solicits my respect. But this very quality which I admire as bear ing upon Protestants, heightens my soqbo of grief nnd indignation when I reflect that Catholics exclusively are, in a studied move, apparently ignored, whilst in reality thev arc trampled on. Workingmcn of Balmnin, I am addressing myself to you. You love your re ligion bettor tbnn your life, if I may judge from the past. You would ratber die than jeopardise tho future Catholic prospects of your uuiiurcii. i. our utiurcnanuyour JJisuops proclaim what your consciences and your in stincts tell you is the simple truth— that you may not send your children to Public schools. You are poor, working, honest, laboring men, getting your 80s. a week, trying to provide little homes for yourselves, and to bring up your children as good nnd respectable ns you are yourselves. . In you I am addressing all the laboring Catholics in tbo colony. We Catholics represent some ono-tbinl — some say more, some less— of the population. The now bill treats tenderly all the other sections. How does it treat you? Can you with the wildest stretch of imagination, and Irishmen are not deficient in tlmt, can you in your wildest moments imagine a single point in that bill which shows that you havo been thought of with kindness and sympathy? Have yon not the painful consciousness that so far as this new schema is concerned your case has been ignored, whilst all others have been thought of? Show me one single point where there ts a sign, or shadow or ghost of n shadow of a sign that rcs|icct has been felt for the conscientious convictions of one-third of the population, of the great Catholic in terest in this colony. Thought of I Yes, you have been thought of, you have not been ignored. It would seem to some that you have been unceasingly before the eyes of those who framed this bill, that thoy might not, even by some inadvertent blunder, throw you some miserable shred of justice. And they liavc not kept you in view in vain. Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they hnvc, knowingly or unknowingly, invented an in strument of scientific persecution exquisite in its perfection for enrrying out its ends, It combines insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignore your existence tramples your most cherished aspirations under foot. Working men of Balmain, let me explain myself. You have to live oil hard- earned wages, and you know the worth of small sums of money, and can only with thrift and care keep tho wolf from the door. What does the new bill do for you, for the thousands of the Catholic pour? Doc it sympathise with your poverty, and encourage your sturdy faith, nml soothe your hard life by giving your children a ehaneo of being instructed iu secular knowledge, and being brought up thorough Catholics ? I will tell you in a few words what it does for you. If it could speak itwemidsay — though its framers may not luenn it — it would say : — " I mu a modern mon strosity, so contrived at to flatter all sections of the community except the Roman Catholic. These miserable creatures must be got rid of somehow, bat first of ail they ir.u.-t be kicked and insulted. .My predecessor born iu 18(515, was a fair specimen of persecution for that day, but we aro older now, and have ad vanced further into light, That hill forced the thousands of the Catholic poor, and the rich too, to pay for the education oE other people's children, in schools (hey could not use themselves. But I am an improvement on tlmt. t am going to build great Grain mar schools for boys nnd the Catholics shall pay equally as with thorn who use them for those also. Palaces for girls shall also he established where girls shall learn to be discontented possibly with their homo and with their lot. Catholics, though they cannot uso tluisu, shall pay for them, too, as if they did. Then I menu, moreover, to multiply the schools they cannot use and reduce the fees, and Catholics shall bear their burden here as well. To this I mean to add about the most exquisite insult possible, that is to have each Public school having so many children, furnished with n class-room which Catholics cannot use. In flics class-room all the various denominations whoso very cxlstance is a protest against the Catholic religion shall teach their various creeds, and as a necessary consequence con demn tho faith of Catholics so that Catholics will bo paying for the very buildings iu which, day after day. nnd hour after hour, their religion is. or may bo denounced in terms well known to ml? To this insult, perfect in its kind I am going to add an in jury equally perfect in its nature. Having ignored every single just demand, having made the Catholics pay, ns has been described I then carry the war into the enemies camp. They still have Denominational schools, thev lovo them, they arc proud of them, tliey erected them at great expense— theso I mean to knock ou tho head. For, since Catholics arc the poorest section of the community, niul since their small means nro forced from them to pny for the education of- other people's children, how will they lie able, poor ns they are, to pay, ns it were, out of both pockets nt once, to educate their own ns well as those of others ? How can they keep pace with the reduction of fees? lhcy may struggle for a time like fish in a net, but we will take them out of their ' bath of supernatural light,' nnd if they do not become infidels or ranters, they will become nondescripts— aud anything even a blnckfollow, is hotter than a Papist." Such is the language that the new bill, so fnr ns I know anything of it speaks to me. I do not mean to insinuato that all tlii3 was in tended ; possibly, such a picture as I have painted did not consciously cuter tho inten tions of legislation. I am nimply speak ing of facts, which nro hard things. That is the language of the bill, to nn intelligent mnn who Iias cars to hear, and to every in telligent Catholic who Iias a soul, and a heart beating in his body. It is a modern monstrosity of cruelty and tyranny, so fnr ns we nro concerned ; nnd I believe every fair minded man in thecomuuinity willsympaHuso with us, assist us to preserve our freedom of conscience, and to obtain our just nnd self- evident rights. Why should we alone Im ig nored/ Wby should our cry not be heard ? Why should Catholics, and only Catholics be trampled on, and insulted in the way that I .have described ? Wo do not stand in the way of others : we rejoice when they arc happy ; when lhcy can feel that their children are doing well, it is a trite pleasure to us. What plcosuro or happiness is there in seeing us sad aud broken, like slaves and serfs, who havo no friends, nnd arc as outcasts of tho people? What pleasure, in this nineteenth century, is there iu producing so grave nn irritation, so galliug n wound, as will be pro duced if that bill becomes law ? I cannot believe it. I will not belivo tlmt tlio majority, the sound portion of the com munity; will stand by silently nnd not sup port us in our just struggle for liberty and fair play. You working men of Balmain, you Catholics of this colony to whom my voico or my words will reach, bo true to yourselves in this great crisis. Your re ligion, the one dearest thing in life, is at stake. If your children nrc not brought up in thorough Catholic schools lhcy cannot become thorough . Catholic men ; nnd a Catholic who is not thorough in his faith is generally the father of a lino of indifferent ists and apostates. And you, my own English countrymen, who lovo fair-play and a just measure, why- not join rao in your own way in seeing justice done ? One of you has already sent his generous subscription of £5, and a mostkiud lcttorlo Father Dillon. Iseera to sco many of you round me, if I - mistake not. Let me inlist your sympathy in > behalf of a righteous cause. Your" hearts aro true and stout, I know ; nnd you cannot stand by and not join the weaker side in supporting its just rights against what will be, as you know, a terrible tyranny nudopprcssion. As for myself it is my vocation, and my most solemn duty to defend and preserve the faith of iny people. In me it would bo no heroism to lay down my life in its defence, or to spill my blood out of love for my flock. That'is my profession, as a soldier is to go to wnr to risk his life for his Queen and country. Let not the . world think that the Catholic faith can bo blotted out by an instrument however modem nnd suhtlo'in its operation. It has lived 1800 years and more, nnd it will abide to Hie very end. It is iny pmt, during ray short span, to protect it ; nml I hope by God's grace, to spend my life nnd strength and sneh little talent as I may possess in its defence. Remember Uniou is .strength nnd l'crscvcrcncc alone is crowned. Let us unite let us persevere, auil iu the end we shall be placed on an equality with our fellow-colo nists and bo suffered lo bring up Catholic ciiiKircii thorough Catholics without boing deprived for doing so of our just help for secular instruction. Wo arc strong in numbers, our cause is a righteous one; ami let us use every legitimate means for bringing it to a victorious issue. His Grace was frequently honrtly cheered duriug the course of his address, and when he concluded three ringing cheers were given in his favour. Tho S. Jr. Herald comments on the above in its lending columns as follows The address given by Dr. Vaughan, at Bal main, last Sunday, goes beyond all his pre vious deliverances as a violent appeal to the passions and prejudices of a section of (he people. There is not the usual attempt at argument, no citation of facts, no pretence of appealing to tho calm judgment of rational and impartial meu. Almost every sentence has been dipped in gall, and has tho appear- ahec of being meant to ranklo like n poisoned arrow in the hearts ot those to whom it was addressed. First ho lauds tho virtues of the Catholic people of Balmain, whom we certainly hnvc no wish to disparage, but who, wo nrc told " arc descended from a race which has ever loved faith better than life, mid which pos- srasses nn Innate generosity which is especial to the Irish character." If so virtue is a matter of race as well as, if not more than, of creed, and Irishmen nrc generous, affec tionate, nnd moral because they are Irishmen, nnd not because they me Catholics. Blight tliey not continue to be so even without that " bath of f-upcruatural light " which had such n wonderful effect upon the character of Englishmen; Dr. Vaughan docs uot seem lo perceive that his laudation of one race is a disparagement of another nml that his panegyrics, first of one ami then of another, absolutely destroy each other. Apart from that, ought the father of the flock to manirc.it t-o much favouritism nmoug his children ? What evidence has ho that Irish Catholics nrc mora genorous, charitable, affectionate, and moral tlmn other Cnlholics ; or that Irishmen possess those virtues in a more eminent dcgrco than Englishmen, Scotchmen, Wclshntcu, and other races in this colony '? Such comparisons arc some what oilious in a mixed community, and coming from Dr. Vaughau they nrc dangerous to his own cause, for they may proroko reprisals. Why appeal to national vnuily to determine a quu-tion of conscience and religion? Next ho refers to "the bonds of ancient suffering" endured by Ids ancestors on one sidu of tho Channel, and by tho ancestors of his hearers on tbo other side, They had " suffered ns slaves mul helots nt home " ; they had " preferred torture aiul death to noting against their conscience"; tliey had a "burning consciousness of all the cruel and monstrous wrongs inflicted lipon hem in the jiast," fee., &c.; What the old cry about the wrongs of Ireland has to do with the right of the people of New South Wales to govern themselves without ecclesiastical or any other dictation is not easy to perceive ; but IE ho will appeal to history there can ho no objection to go with him to that tribunal. It was n Roman Catholic bishop who insti gated EdcUrid, the Saxon king, to mnssacro 1200 British Christians at Bangor, in North Wales, nnd put an end to the ouco free British Church, because it Would not own allegiance in Rome. It was n Rope of tho Church of Borne Hint destroyed both the civil and religious liberty of Ireland, nnd forced the people into political allegiance to Ilcnry If., and into ecclesiastical allegiance to Adrian IV. On both sides of the Channel, therefore, freedom perished under Papal aggression, nnd if Irishmen arc called upon to remember their wrongs let them also remember to whom thoy owo them. It is equally true that tho Reformation was forced upon nn unwilling people ; but England has made some atonement for that by disestablish ing and disendowing the Protestant Episcopal Church in Irclnud— an example which has not been followed as yet in any Catholic country. And though persecution was re sorted to on both sides to some extent during the middle nnd former ages, the thumb screws. the rack, tho fnrr<r»fc. nml nMmv in. slrumcnLs of torture and death were argu ments used most extensively by the Church of Rome, Among Protestants there is scarcely a man at tho present day who does not denounce theso persecutions, by whomsoever they were used. Can Dr. Vaughan say as much for bis own commnnion ? Nay, will ho say as much even for himself ? In another part of his address ho com plains of " the hurricane of abuso nnd cndlcss insult cast upon what is dearer to us than life itself,— our holy rcligiou." KifteenSveeks ago, ho himself and his Episcopal colleagues denounced non-Catholic schools as "soudplots of infidelity, immorality, and lawlcsncss," and in this latest address he not only repeats, but aggravates the charge by a representa tion, which, in effect, brnuds all non-Catholics ns " infidels or ranters or nondescripts." Is this tho charity we are to iuiitato? May not two-thirds of the population, who aro Protestant, 'regard their "holy religion" ns dearer than life, as well ns the one one-third minority. But they do not ask for the public money to be . spent in teaching the dogmas of their Churches In Public schools. They simply ask tbnt their children shall learn lo read aud write sido by side, as they learn to work nnd live side by sido, without religious distinction; and "that" tho State shall tench in the common schools only those elements of literary knowledge which nro tho foundation of nil systems of school tuition. With religious liberty they do not wish to interfere, nor will thov permit it to bo interfered with. All citizens nnd all associa tions of citizens are at liberty to teach what ever they bclicvo to bo Divine truth, on Sunday or week-day, in church, chapel, or school ; but thoy must do it nfc their own expense, and not at tho cost of the general public, If tho Public school, based on a principlo Jikc that, deserves to be christened "tho Scavenger's Daughter," let Dr. Vaughan try to get it introduced into Spain nnd other Roman Catholic countries, 'and it will be Hie most beneficent and the most popnlnr instrument of torturo ever yet blessed by tho head of the Church. 