(From the Courier .) bYDNEY, JONH 5. It has beon suggested ' that tho proposed answer to Lord Hams' letter, bb resolved npon at the public mooting or Wednesday evening, bo sent to England by telegraph, and sub scriptions ore being raised in order to moet'tho oxoansos. A deputation waited npon the Minister for Works to-day askingarodnationln thooharges for oarriagooC oountry.killod beot by rail bb well as in the passenger fares between Bathnrst Orange, and Sydney. Mr.Laokey promised to' take the mattor into flonsidaratinn. Tho P. M. Company's R.M.S. Australia, whioh arrivodat Auokland on Tuesday last,- brings 1184 oases salmon for this port. . ' ; A rnmor has bson ourrent to the ofloot that Watson, tho pedestrian, was drowned in the river Namoi, bat it has happily proved to bo without fonndatioa. Two Communists, Bourgo and Dnval, who wero oliaiged with the loroeny oi a portmanteau have been acquitted. A private telegram to a Sydney bank states that tho Assooiatod Banks are paying the notes of the Australian and EnropeanBank in order to assist it to liquidate, it having been ascertained that tho bank is in a perfeotly solvent position. Tho Gnnga, s.s,, arrived from Fiji this even ing, She roports that during the passage Mr. Cunningham, a saloon' passenger, jumped over board,. A lifebuoy was thrown to him as he rose to tho surface, but he pushod it away from him and sank. In the Legislative (Jonnoil to-day, tho Hon. Mr. De Salis gavo notioe of a motion for. the abolition of tho doath penalty in certain oases. The Sydney Infirmary' and Dispensary Bill was read a seosnd tlmo. In the Legislative Assembly, the report of the Committes of tho Wbolo House npon the Land Bill was adopted, and the third reading of tho measure Bet down for Tnesday next, Tho Houso subsequently proceeded with the Estimates, Messrs. Griffith, Woavor, and Oo. report as follows 1600 hoad oattlo and nearly 9000 sheep yarded at Homobush this week. There has been no imnrovomont in nriees. Boat beef fetches 12b per owt, ; prima bullooks up to £5 20s. ; 501b. weathers sold at 9s. 6d. June 6. In tho Legislative Assembly to-day Sir Henry Farkts stated that the blaokfellow Alfrod, now undor sontonoe of death, will be hanged on Tuesday. The question of tho othor condemnad criminals had nob yet been re opened at the Exooutivo meeting to-day. A warm debate on this subjeot is prooeodlng. Tho Premier has given notiao of his inten tion to introdaae a bill to prevent the influx of oriminals to this oolony. It is reported that the dirootors of the A.S.N, Oompany intehd shortly to roduoo tho salaries of their officers of all gradoe. The stoamship Ouzoo cleared to-day for London wieli 619 lmlos wool, 607 O i»xat« Un, 1689 ingots and 3108 oakos copper, Arrived : Oberon, ship, from London. Melbourne, June 6. : Mnoh exoitement throughout the oity was oooasioaed this morning by the closing of tho doors oi tho Australian and European Bank. A notioo was posted outBide to the effect that the direotors felt bound to olose, but hoped to be able to reopen shortly. Meantime all notes in oiraulution will lie . paid by the Assooiated Banks. A largo orowd oollooted around the doors. It is Btatod that the alosing was owing to a ran npon the bank yesterday. Jnno 6. In conseqnenoo of the dosing of the Anstra- lian and European Bank yeBtorday the position of various other banking institutions wasfrody oanvasaod, and there was actually a run on the City of Melbourne Bank, whioh, however, was enabled to meet all'domands, being assisted by the other banks. It seems likoly that tho Australian and Enro poan Bank will bo equal to the present emer gency, having a largo nuoalled up oapital. The notoB of that bank are boing paid by the Assooiated Banks. The Australian and Euro pean had advanced loans to a large extent and was nnable to get its money in. A ran com menced, and tho direators thought it prudent to olnHn the doors. Tho.bank has 60,000 shares, and tho sharo-list contains a large number of good names. Tho panio has been the all-absorbing topic, and has bad a oonsidorable ofloot on business, espooially in connection with bank stocks with a local proprietary. The Oity of Melbourne Bank remained open till 8 o'dook last evening, bat there was very little demand made npon it after 2 p.m. A meeting of the shareholders of the Austra lian and European Bunk waa held this alter ation. It was resolved to re-open the bank to morrow. A oall of £1 per Bhure is to be made in order to plaoo the bank in a good position ; this will be generally responded to and will probably yield £63,000. It has also been re- solvod to onrtuil the operations of the suburban branehos. The vory best feeling prevailed throughout the meeting, and the shareholders separated with cheers. Theatre Royal.— Strong pieoss, like blis ters, always draw, and. "The Ootoroon," per haps one of tho greatest- sensational dramas of tho ago, whioh was produood last night with now soenory and effeots, drew together most of the habitues of the Theatre, the box seats being well filled, and the rest of the house equally well attended. Zoe, the Ootoroon, of course fall to tho lot of Mice Stephonson, and beanti- fully aha playod it, and so oompletoly identified herself with the ohnraotor that it beoamo almost a painful reality. Her dying soeno in the fifth aot, was a masterpiece of art, and kept tho oudionoe spell-boand. Tho next best oharaoter waB that of tho Indian, Wah-no- teo, by Mr. F. Wills, wbioh be personified to tho life, and his pantomime was frequently ap plauded. ' Pete, tho nigger, and grandfather of Paul, was more than respectable, and quite a foaturo iu tho play. The oast upon the whole was fair, but saaraely Ameriaan enough in twang. The piooo was capitally mounted, and Mr. Douglass proved himself a vory olever BAiifn artist, fireduoino «mnn nf thn best. nGFnnta we bavo seen on tho tabards of tho Iheatro, Upon the whole, considering tho many draw backs whioh the production of .suoh a drama enoountors from the want of those appplianoes whioh are neaesssry to make it effective, tho management deserves the highest credit for tbo way in wbioh " Tho Ootoroon " was bronght out. The muse piece will bo repeated to-night. School on Abtb.— Tbo " Ghosts" havo lost none of their attraotion, if we may judgo by tho appaaranoo of the Mnohos last night,, and- by the applause with wtlioh they wen weloomod by those Who visited thfm with the Intention of being surprised— and wero.' ' The entertain ment was thoroughly enjoyed by those present, Miss Violet Rose's ballads being specially approolated by those who lovo to hear pretty mtulo pleasantly rendered. The proprietor has kindly, oonsentod to givo a boneftt to thi looal hospital on Thursday night. 0\. Q. G. And F. Rocubty.— Tho annual mooting of tho above sooiety will bo held at the Normanby Hotel, on Saturday next, the 14 ibstant, at II a,m. We are- requested to impress npon members the advisability oi mustering strong npon tho. opoasBion,ss there is oonsidorable business of importanoe to be txansaotod. . ' Balb off Oatxlb.— Wo bave to drayv atten tion to Messrs. Brown and Rieion'a sale pt Graoemera, Tnesday, I7tb instant, of seventy head of mixed cattle and tvo woll-brod bulls. Pbbbonaliiibs. — The Courier is ex cessively wrath beaanse the present Opposition have done, on a small scale, what the late Opposition did on a largo one.. Mr, Griffith is, of ooarso, to blame ." for the deplorable display of angry personalities . that has characterised tho disousBiohs of the Inst fortnight"— and yet a oarefnl perusal of Hansard will prove exnotly the oontrary. The loader of the Opposition, it is asserted by our southern ooutemporary, had 11 the Speech before him to oritioise; " and that if its disclosures woro not suffloiontly full to aUowofatfootiTeo(itloism,it waB as open lor him to attaok tho Government, for omissions : and evasions, as for any mistakes in polioy. . Very true; but Mr. Griffith oleoted to. attaok Minis ters upon their polioy and aotion before the Bpoooh was delivered. And this the country expeotod from him— simply booauBo , it . was disgusted with the manner in whioh tho Government had oondnoted pnblio affairs. There was not oao single administrative aot of the Premier, from tho hour -ho had greatness thraBt npon him, until bis gallimaufry— oharltably oalled his Exdollenoy's address— was plaoed before the oountr'y, whioh did not reqniro to be challenged, . and on explanation demanded ; and Mr, Griffith wonld not have performed his dnty, as one of the guardians oi the rights of the people, if ho had not fully oritfoUed what the Government hnd done, before bo prooeeded to comment npon what thoy asid they intended to do. The Courier says " Mr. Maorossan was returned by an over whelming majority, wbioh tlio leader of the Opposition insinuates was obtained by im proper moans." Mr. Griffith insinuated, what seventy-five por oent, of tbo elootors wonld deolare to be a faot. And, the Courier must remember that if Mr. Maorossan was returned, be waB first defeated; and, we assort, aropt into Parliament by as open a pieoe of - politico triokery as was ovor perpetrated. The gamo was olear ouough from tlio beginning. In order to keep an Opposition, man out,' Mr. Maorossan opposed him, and was beaten, uut before ho entered npon the aontost, ho mado Bare of having a warming pan elsewhere. In order to make bis return as oortaiu as possible, Mr. M'Hwraith eleoted him , as ono oi . his colleagues— and he was returned to his own shame, and to tho dtsorodit of tho gontlomen who had been his loaum tenons. If Mr. M'llwraith obtained publio oonaure for select ing Mr. Maorossan after his defeat, he obtained not only its oonaure, but its reprobation , for having dragged Mr. Buzacott into his Oabinot, and plaoing him in tho Upper Houae, so that he might not run a sooond ohanoa of being at the bottom of the poll, if ho hid boou bold enough to accept the invitations of tlio three oonstituenoies wbioh, aooordiDg to tho P.M.G.'s own statement, courted ' bis ' faVors. ' ' The Courier has also something disoourtebus' to say about Mr. Roa, Whutevor that gontleman may have uttered, it is quite oortain that his utteranoes woro not so wild, unconstitutional, . mieohiovons, or degrading to hiin, as tho aots and deeds of Mr. M'llwraith before the House A ! A _ 1.1— II. n.JHQiI. L.J L.iA 1. li uiub waru tu uuu« iuit uiiuim uuu uuiburooiiHuib the Courier as to how ho shall oon'duot the bnsineas of the Opposition —and Mr. M'll wraith issue a polioy which oan be eritioisod. Sale of Fat Bullooks.'— We understand that 2000 fat bullooks, the plok of th'e'Tilpai herd, havo been sold'by Mossrs. M'Domiott Bros.' to a looal buyer, at £3 7s, Cd. per head ; to be delivorod in eight drafts, of 250 eaoh, by the 30th September. Embbalb.— Tho inhabitants of the now townflhip oi Emerald are complaining that they are muoh ino'onybbionoed by tho want of a monoy-ordor office,' whioh they oousidor ought' to havo boon ' established direotly the plaoe aoquired a looal habitation and a name. The best tiling they opn do will be to petition the Honorable tho Postmaster-General upon the snbjeot; but it appears somewhat strange that necessity should exist for the taking suoh a step, aa one would havo thought the P.M.'G would have looked after tho interests of tho Emoraldites witbont prompting. Station Sale, — Messrs. M'Dermott Bros.' have, wo are informed, sold one half of Dolta Run, on tho Alice River, the p:operty of W. O. Tozer, .Esq., to Adam Mossmau, Esq., at a satisfactory prioe. ' Pbinob'b Insolvency.— Wo understand it is the intention of tho creditors' in . tho abovo . citato to petition the Exeeutive to have tbeooBe re-tried in case the Attorney-General refuses to grant a fresh trial. We siboerely trust they will oarry out their intention, and institute a most Bcarohing enquiry into the merits or demerits of the case, whioh, judging from tho evidenes, is one of thoso thut requires thorongh ventilation. Utilisation of Fat Stock.— We are com- polled to hold over the report of the meeting held on the 31st Moreli, in London, "to eon. eider the best means available for utilising the surplus fat Btook of tho ooipnies," to onr next issue. AamouLiuaAL.— It appears, aocording to statistics lately published, that agricultural prospeotB are not very satisfactory in Viotoria ; the inoressed area of , land . brought under cultivation not yielding an inoroased return so far as wheat is oonoerned. Tho area under cul tivation being 658,413 aores in 1879, as against 56,564 aores in 1878, while tho gross yield shows a deoroaao of 1,302,792 bushels. Oats have not Buffered so muoh. The gross yield in potatoes shows a decrease of 10,799 tons. The JUiner says " Agricultural prospeotB are not altogether ngreoable, and that it is oortain that many of tho selectors must have lust sovoroly. Tho inorease in the yield doos not bear uny thing liko a satisfactory proportion' to tho inorenso in tho acreage, so that a great deal of money and labor must have been praotloally thrown away. Tho losses of tho seleotors and others will, of oonrso, affect tho general busiueas of tho oolony, aud toll aliko npon tho general and railway revenue It is to bo, hoped that the next season yrill be a more favorable ono, and that the seleotors will bo able to rotrlevo their post losses." Polios OoubtI— There wero no oases for trial at the Fqlioo Oonrt yostorday morning. ' Tub Scottish Lassie. — Dr. Salmond, thi Health officer, received a telegram yoetordaj from Dr. Snllivon, the Surgeon Superintendent of the abovo vessol, stating that tho tw« patients who displayed fovorish symptomsonjthr occasion when ho Inspected tho vestol, won progressing favorably, and that there wore u< freqh oases of Bloknoss on board. Dr. Balmonc' will leave this morning to visit tho vessel, ann as the stoknoss on board is not of an infeotloui nature it is probablo that pratique will be granted. Tho wltholding of pratique woe morely a precautionary moasuro adopted bj Dr. Salmond, who very justly hold the public 1 . _ .1 . Av Lit Baioty id view, ana hh tuoru buuuib uww u no danger, it is probablo tho immigrants will , bo brought up to-morrow ovonlng. Obiokbttino Spec. — The Sydney oorrcs- pondont of tho Courier, writing nndor date May 28rd, says Mr Driver's scheme for sonding homo another tenm of Australian crioketera has como to an nntimoly ond, in conBoquonoo of Mr. Spofforth, Mr. Murdooh, and sevoral other leading orioketers doolining to leavo tholr business. Little regrot is ex pressed at this projeot— whioh was merely a littlo private " spec" of the hon and sporting member's — falling through, as it is considered that it is too soon as yet for " our boyB" to proceed on another oriakotlng tour to Brig and. It is just as well, perhaps, that tho orioketers who distinguished themselves so greatly should rest upon thoir lanrols for n yoar or two, instead of risking the ehanao of losing them altogether. Thb Vagabond. — Rcfotring to tho totalisor the BrieVane Courier, referring to tho late .meeting, says : -Throughout it would havo been a rare ining lor ino oooa-maKors — au tno big events : boing bomploto " boils-ovor"— had it not been for tbo prosenoe of Mr. Thomas with tho totalisor, wnioh instrument rendered tho metalliaian's trado almost a sinecuro. Those who desire to plungo heavily, still go to tho bookmakers, but for tbo ordinary public who wish to lay ont a pound :in tho hope of winning several the totallser offors odds that cannot bo got in tho ring, so that tho majority of the betting on this meeting was done by maohinory. .Tiokots wero 10s. oaoh, and as muoh as £150 was wagored on one raco, whioh had to be dividod nmongit tho pur- chasers of winnibg tiokots, loss 10 por oent commission to the management. RetbbnOhhbnt.— Tho following paragraph appears in the' Brisbane Courier of May 23rd : —It is ourrently reported that, in accordance with the policy of retrenchment in all tho pablio departments adopted by tho Govern ment, tho sorvioes of some of tho paid Btaff of tho Volunteer foroo— namoly, tho Brigade- Major and the Infantary Adjutant will bo dispensed with at the end of tho fiuanoial year. It is also understood that the Com mander of tho foroo, Lieutenant Colonel M'Donnoll, who rcooivos an honorarinm of £150 a year, will shortly retire on his rank. If this should provo corroot, a saving of £1000 n year will bo effected. Wo uro not aw'aro wliothor the Govornmont'havo deoidod to oarry out tho rooommondations of Colonel Scrntohloy to ohtaiu the sorvicoB of an Imporial officer as uommanuor lor tuo voiunioor lorco, but iu the ovont of Oolonol M'Donncll's oarly resigna tion tho command will devolve upon Major Drury, at present commanding tiio Artillery Brigade, and next senior offioer. The Melbourne Gup and Champion Race. — Tho entries |for those two raoes closed on J uno 2. Tho follow ing is a list of tho horses en tered for tho Uup :--Kinsman, Earl of Mar, Lady Lilliard, Glonormiston, British Workman) Lohengrin, Tom Kirk, Swivoller, Nightmare, Terrifio, Bounie Bee, Whisker, Mulligan, Pol- lio, Sunnyside, Nowminstor, Zaml>esi, Belln- drum, Moroary, Emorald, Lo Loup, Darriwell, Credit, Constellation, Suwarrow, Kanaka, Qoido Olgutknoh, Fishhook, Tomplotou, Fetroa. Bavamika, Tooal, Caspian, Diomod, Haricot, Rivorton, Larpent, Violet, Exile, Conservative, Tidal Wave, Roland, Ooogoolga, Narrabri, Kingsloy, Hobo, Avernus, His Graoo, South Hamilton, Wellington, Columbus, Monarquo, Lord Harry, Faubla9, Waxy, Bob Sawyer, Neri-sn, Brisbauo, Ciattorbox, Blauk Diamond, Warlock, Tho Czar, Microscope, Oowario, Tho Kiiig, Englishman, Arrabco, Dollar, Piootoo, Adventurer, Queensland, Moonbeam, Falmouth, rt -trtll tl nitnala maomnil iiia nl. ."» WMWOSUIJ AUiSASiiiUHig; uuiuauutliuyui Baronet, Sunshine, Nellie, Caller Ou, Lord Burghley, Jasper, Tho Dean, Gingor, GamoBter, Chesterfield, Carectaous, Burwood, Oolimu, Gipsey Ooopor, Royal Oak, Flootwood, Scoun- dus, Falaon, Woodlands, Sunset, Domoorat, Soothsayer, Maid of Honor, Attdovor, Knight Errant, . Swootmeat, Antelope, K. C. B., Strathearn, Satirist, Chorister, Lockloya, Glonbnrn, Euos, Waudoriug Jow, First Water, Bantor, Richmond, Bosworth, High Jinks, Orator, Levant, Viceroy. The following are tho ontrios for the Champion Stakos:— Lady Lilliard, Lohongsin, Terrifio, Bonnie Bee, Zambesi, Moroury, Bonaparte, Lo Loup, Fern, i'otrea, Savanska, Caspian, Rivorton, Larpont, Sirius, Tidnl VVavo, Narrabri, Avernus, His Graoo, First King, South Hamilton, Fsubias, Brisbane, Chatter box, Wellington, Czar, Advontnrer, Qneosland, Moonbeam, Falmouth, St. John, Ohoster, Martindalo, Gainsborough, Baronet, Sunshine, Nellie, Caller Ou, Lord Burghloy. Adclaido entries— Two. The following are the Mel bourne entries for the Metropolitan Stakos und Hawkesbury Grand Handioapi— Hawkesbury Handicap.— Kinsman, Belladrum, Tom Kirk, Diomod, Nerissa, Sunnyside, Rivorton, Temple- ton, and Fishook. Roads. — The road out west via Muttaburra and Winton is on tho whole a good road,' but to make it available for stock in all seasons certain improvements are imperatively de manded. Between Mnttaburra and Winton there is a stretch of sovonty milos of eountry whioh for nine months of the yoar may be expeotod to bo doatitnto of water. We under stand that sites for the nooossary dams along this dry portion of tho road have been already dooided on, and it it to bo hoped, tho work will bn fnlrnn in linm? hnfara Intim oa nlten this dry traot is made practicable for Btook tho Far West will he able to eommanioate with tho ooast in almost any season. Were there an alternative road, this dry oonntry wonld not bo tho detriment it is now, hat tbo only other traok— that leading to Townsville— is saidjto be for worse than our own, so far sb water is oanoeraod. Botween Mnttaburra and Aramao the worst part of the road is just on thiB sido of Muttaburra. Tho ground there is low, and intersected by anabranchesj of the Thompson river. These onnbranohos are a swim when the bridge over, tho rivor may by orossod dryshod. Botween tbo dam at S irdiuo Creek and Saltern Creek there nro ovor thirty miles without water. Tho Government have fixed on a site for a dam which will make two stagos of this thirty miles. At present, however, a thirsty horso has to find that promisos to make a dam will not give iihn a drink. It may possibly ho said that to put a dam botwoon Sardino and Saltern crooks and log tho bad parts of tho rood would be to indulgo in luxuries, and the oolony cannot afford luxuries just now. This, howovor, cannot bo said, of putting dams along tho seventy miles Btrotoh of dry oountry botwood Muttaburra and Winton.— Aramao Mail. Medical. — A aorrospondout, writing from Wokingham Crook, says .-—Mr. G. H. Steven, long and favorably ,knowo for his knowledge of medioino, has boon rcquestod by a petitiou siguod by ovoryouo lu tho District to tako up his residonco in Winton. Mr, Steven has con sented to do so ; und this will bo a great blessing, as thoro i» no medioul man nearer >uuu uiuuiBu— i«uu none tuoro now. — ddi, , Aramac Mail. 