PBOFESSOB BALDWIN'S SEANCE. Professor Baldwin had a full attendance at the Institute Halli on Tuesday evening, and the performance quite came up to general expectation. The Professor's easy and natural manner, his quaint American humour, and smart sayings kept the audience in thoroughly good temper till a late hour. After peform rng the Spiritual Lighting trick, in which a piece of newspaper was kindled apparently by mesmerism, and stating that the spiritist professor who did it in his presence, declared that agent to be the ghost of his grandmother, who thus proved the immortalitj of the bouI, he showed that the combustion was caused by a few drops of phosphoric acid. A committee was then selected to watch the subsequent proceedings, who were to be " the shrewdest and best-looking gentlemen in the Hall." The gentlemen chosen were the Rev. H. T. Burgess, Bev. J. M. Donaldson, Mr. E. Fotheringham, and Mr. W. Oldham. The " wine and water " transmutation caused great merriment from the known principles and professions of sdaje of the members of the |committee, and when Professor Baldwin explained the chemical agency he used, ex hibiting the modus operandi before the au dience there was an unanimous bursty of applause. The cabinet, which was a flimsy construc tion covered with oilcloth, and exhibiting the usual array of bells, tin trumpets, tambourine, &c.;, having been exhibited and the ropes inspected, the Committee securely fastened the hands of Professor Baldwin and his assistant behind their backs, and then to jthe, ru,nga of'their chairs, their legs being bound with equal firmness. There were four cords each Committee-man taking one, and the s woolen hands of the. .trussed victims in dicated that no mercy was shown to them. The cabinet was then closed and the audience instructed to wait for manifestations, Mr. Baldwin remarking that sometimes the spirits work and sometimes they don't. We have said the victims were tied severely, but in about two minutes after the doors were closed the manifestations began in the form of a terrific row, the bells, trumpets, and tambourine going to work together, while " spirit hands" appeared, but when the doors were opened the inmates of the cabinet were seen sitting without a knot displaced. The rope lying business formed a principal feature in theentertainment. The well-known loop trick was performed with much dexterity and explained with clearness. Professor Baldwin entered the cabinet, taking.a long cord, and in 60 seconds was discovered bound hand and foot, and tied securely to a chair. Mr. Fotheringham's coat was then borrowed, and the doors being again closed for a few seconds, the Professor was found to have got it on, though -his hands were tied as firmly as ever. It was then sewn up at the front and wrists, and the knots, of the cord sealed, lhe doors were closed as usual, but in a few seconds the coat came flying oitt of the top of the cabinet towards its owner. The handcuff test was applied with a pair of handcuffs supplied by Trooper O'Mahoney. The Professor entered the. cabinet safely manacled, but in a short time there were the usual " manifestations" of " spirit hands," &c.;, and presently he emerged at liberty, while the handcuffs were licked into each other, and an earthenware jug was fastened by ithem to the chair. The Professor's "ex posure of Spiritism" consisted in his giving . an ironical explanation of the agencies that assisted him—as for instance that the spirits of two deceased sailors helped to tie him up, and afterwards showing that the feats wore wrought by manual dexterity. The same remarks apply to the performance of Mrs. Baldwin. The " pillory trick" and the "materialisation scene" were expressly puz zling until the explanation was afforded. Mr. McKenzie's share in the business of the evening though brief, was intensely amusing. Altogether the entertainment was of an ex ceedingly interesting and enjoyable character, and was calculated to diminish the belief that the marvellous is necessarily super natural. Mr. I/ingard, the manager, may be congratulated on having - achieved a very decided euccesB. 