THE SECRET OF POWER. ADDRESS DELIVERED AT THE HALF-YEARLY MEET- ING OP THE CONGREGATONAL UNION, BY THE CHAIRMAN, REV. JOHN MCEWIN. (Concluded.) Further, I name Prayer as an element of power. I venture to say there is nothing we require for God's work which we may not have if we ask for it aright. Brethren, the commissariat of heaven is at the disposal of the soldiers of the Cross. We are at liberty to go and take what we need. Is this language too strong, "Ask and ye shall receive," " Every one that aaketh receiveth," " If ye abide in Me, and My words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will and it shall be done unto you," " Verily, verily, I say unto you, whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in My name He will give it you," If two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything u that they shall ask, it shall be done for them;" again, " Ye ask and receive not, because ye ask amiss." Now if this be true, and who shall deny it, if it be true that we can j GET WHAT WE WANT for our Christian work by asking for it in the right way; if it be true that God waits to bestow upon us wisdom, strength, courage, power for service, one would expect the Church to be always at the Throne of Grace, that prayer would be the constant attitude and habit of the Christian. Doubtless it was because of this that Christ taught that men ought always to pray and not faint, that the ApoBtle urged men to pray without ceasing. But what do we find when we turn to the facts of the case P Alas ! the Church is comparatively prayerless. The prayermeeting, the table at which God's children should feed and grow strong, deserted; the breezy healthful heights to which the weak should ascend and obtain invigoration and health, with scarcely visitor; the arsenal whence are served out the weapons of our warfare, with scarce an applicant. And u it not true, brethren, also, that in the hurry and bustle of our feverish modern life, private and &mfly; devotion are very much neglected 1 AH, where is the Christian who, like Daniel, three times a day retires for secret prayer ? Show me that man and I will show you a spiritual giant. If we neglect prayer, private, family, and publio prayer, can we wonder that we should be weak, sickly, and defenceless ? That we should fail to influence men, and that we should be worsted in the conflict with evil. As "ministers might we not trace the apparent failure of our work often to restraining prayer. Here let another speak who is greater than I. The late Thog. Binney, speaking of ministers who in gifts and culture, in doctrine and practicc are unimpeachable, and yet who do not succeed, says:— " Tliia is the defect that poisons everything ; they are not men of frequent, earnest, private devotion. They have great abilities, they are good preachers, but they do not pray. They are fervent, zealous, and enterprising, but they do not pray. They are frequent in their appeals, and abundant 111 their labors, but they do not pray. And thin one thuxg stains the glory of everything else, and renders worthless their genius, and blasts their success." Surely these words from the lips of one of our own leaders, now silent in death, will have weight with us. Men and brethren ! Churches of Christ! Let us go down on our knees and pray ; Let us send up A MIGHTY CRY to God for each other and for a blinded, enslaved, dying world. Let us lie there until there conies down upon us a baptism of power that shall send us out into the world to carry all before us. Not until we have power with God shall we have power with man. But we pass on, for oHr time will not permit of greater elaboration, to note in Zeal another element of power. Zeal in the original means boiling hot, fiery, ardent. It is synonymous with enthusiasm. True Christian zeal has been defined as "a mixed passion of grief and anger, fervent love, and holy desire, all fused together in one holy emotion of the soul, spending itself for the glory of Christ." And further, "Zeal travails in birth for the salvation of souls. It labours for the purity of the Church, and works for the spread of the Gospel." This is to be the normal condition of the Christian. He is to be zealous of good works. God Himself is represented as clothed with zeal as a cloak; and in reference to the fulfilment of His promises, He says the zeal of the Lord of Hosts will perforin this. Clirist was zealous. It was consuming zeal for His Father's house which led him with holy indignation, twice, to cleanse the temple of the sacriligious traders. The Christian is to be peculiar, distinct from others, by being filled with this same zeal, this ardent, burning enthusiasm for God and humanity. And what an element of power this zeal is. Fire is always powerful, never weak. Fill a boiler with cold water, there is no power there. Make it lukewarm, and it is nauseous—you spew it out of your mouth ; but make it boiling hot, Ah ! there is power now ! power to drive the thousand wheels of some great factory ; power to propel the locomotive at almost lightning speed. Armed with bars of red-hot iron, the keepers can subdue the fiercest beasts. Oh, if we would be strong for God, brethren, we must have this zeal. No great exploit for God was ever accomplished without it. Zeal led the martyrs to the block and to the stake, Zeal sent forth Luther and Knox to accomplish the Reformation—Wickliff and Tyndal to give us the Bible in our mother tongue. It was zeal which inspired the labors of such men as Wesley and Whitfield, and which enabled Wilberforce and Granville Sharp to liberate the slave. Zeal has sent the missionary into the ice-bound regions of the pole, and THE FEVER-SMITTEN TROPICS, and has given him courage to dwell amid savage peoples that he might bear to them the message of His Master's love. Nor are there wanting in the present day examples of zeal—of men and women tired with holy ardour, who are attacking hoary evil in its ancient strongholds, and rescuing their fellows from the bondage of sin. Zeal will take away sloth and awaken to activity. It will banish timidity and inspire courage. It will lift men out of the ruts of propriety and conventionalism, and give them a holy abandon in God'6 work. The church is dying of a cold and icy propriety. Chrsitians will not speak to their fellow-Christians ; they will not ur^e a sinner to accept salvation until they have been introduced. Men will not leave the beaten track in Christian work lest they should be regarded as enthusiasts. Zeal would cure this wretched conventionalism. It would lead men to forget themselves and their own reputation, and burn with earnest desire for God's glory and the welfare of others. As an example of the effects of zeal, the operations of the Salvation Army may bo cited. The officers and privates of this army, which haB now 102 corps in England, and numbers altogether between 5,000 and 6,000 workers, are men and women who, fired with zeal for God and men, have left the beaten track of conventional propriety, and by new and startling methods have gone out into tne byways and hedges, and compelled men to come in. Through the work of tfife army two millions of people Aear the truth evlw whb have hitherto beeff neglected. Thousands of tho most abandoned classes are being re- claimed and made Christians. The criticism which has been passed upon the work of the Salvation Army has been abundant. Their methods and vocabulary are shocking to ears polite. But all who have taken the trouble to examine the work personally fcpeak of it with unqualified approval. We may ∧ upon our dignity, and cavil at their «nthusiasuiand evtravagapces, but the fact remains are sying*soul^ and plucking men as jmlthe fcumng, a^d to me, it. seems that fthfcir asdclit zfiilj in sjnte of itseslcess and that tb brands fj God lov its mist our coo '».} He tells us that Hd nauseates [different propriety, which primes \itself ieness^ind fcitrBtiU'iirits sifter'slippm'?}' upon it while men are SWEPT ON TO PEHDITION, before our eyes. Oh, to be delivered from apathy and lukewarmness ! Oh, for more zeal, more holy ardour vfor God and humanity 1 Oh, let us covct this; let us cultivate itlet us pray for it. Oh Thou who earnest from above, The puro celestial fire to impart, Kindle a flameof sacred love On the mean altar of my heart. Jesus, confirm rayheart's deairo To speak and think and work for Thee, Still let me guard the holy fire, And still stir up Thy gift in me. And once more, brethren, if we would be mighty for God, wo must proclaim the truth to men. We must arm ourselves with the weapons which God has provided, and with those only. Men have wonderfully improved the carnal weapons of warfare. The musket was superior to the old arrow or dart, the Enfield to the musket, and the Martini- Henri to the Enfield. But who sluili forge the blade tbat shall pierce the heart and slay self and sin like the sword of the Spirit \ Ah, brethren, if we would have power with men let us be content to use tbat weapon. The new gospel of culture and doubt and sentiment and humanitarianism with which so many in the present day are captivated, what power has it to move men or give them life and peace'! Has it ever saved a soul, or brought light and comfort jind rest to the darkened, sorrowing, troubled heart ? The only truths which have ever stirred the depths of the human heart, or swayed men as the tempest sways the trees of the forest; the only truths which have produced a real change of character and given the assurance of pardon, and filled the troubled, doubting heart with peace and comfort, are the old story of sin and salvation ; the story of human guilt and misery, and redemption by the blood of a crucified Hedeemer. I should have liked to say more, but I have already opcupied too much of your time. I speak not as though I had already attained spiritual power. With others I am conscious of sad weakness and impotence, but I follow after. If there is one thing more than another that I covet, it is this:—Power with God and power with men ; the power of the Holy Ghost; the power which springs from purity, from faith and prayer ; the power which comes with burning zeal for God and humanity. Oh, if we all, both ministers and people were CLOTHED WITH THIS MIGHT, we should no longer need to complain of empty pews or an empty treasury. There would be ample funds for every needful work, and willing labourers eager to do it. We should no longer have to complain of the alienation of the masses from the church. The evil spirits would depart from men at our bidding, and the Church would no. longer be weak and contemptible in men's eyes. She would then rise up iu the strength of God to attack the mighty evils which now afflict humanity, and overthrow them. She would again " look forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners." And what in the meantime is our duty as individuals? Brethren, suffer the word of exhorta tion. Let us wash our hands of all complicity of evil. Let us be real and true in our religion. Let us consecrate ourselves fully to the Lord, keeping back nothing from Him. Let us cultivate faith and prayer and ardent zeal. We can if we will. Let us yield ourselves up to the promptings of God'B Spirit, not quenching His light or resisting His influeuces. Let us continually exercise ourselves in the use of the sword of the Spirit, the Word of God, and then we shall know what it is to be Btrong in the Lord and in the power of His might. And shall we sit idle in the harvest field, while the sheaves are ungathtred and the night comes on apace 1 Shall we eat the fat and drink the sweet, and selfishly forget our starving fellows ? Nay, that were unworthy of our high character and destiny. Let us each take to himself these beautiful and inspiring words of Bonnar:— Go, labour on whilo it is day, The world's dark night is hastening on; Speod, speed the work, cast sloth away, It is not thus that souls arc won. Mon die in darkness at thy Bide Without a hope to cheer the tomb ; Take up the torch and wave it wide— The torch that lights time's thickest gloom. Toil on and faint not, watch and pray, Be wise the erring soul to win ; Go forth into the world's highway, Compel the wanderer to come in. Toil on, and in thy toil rejoice; For work comes rest—for exile, homo. Soon shalt thou hear the Bridegroom's voice, The midnight peal, " Behold I come." 