NEWS AND NOTES This day’s events:—Ghost Pantomime at the Aca demy of Music; St. John’s picnic to Geelong; shooting for the Wilson Cup, Ballarat troop v Sandhurst troop of P.W.L.H.; opening of the railway to Horsham; meeting of Ballarat Horticultural Society, Mechanics’ Institute, 7.30 p.ni.; meeting of Australian Nativea*- Association, Craig’s hotel, 8 p.m, A case of some importance to tradesmen Having business, transactions'-with'married women was heard at the,City .Court on Tuesday. Messrs Coniter and Co.i merchants, of Sturt street, sued a married woman for payment for goods sold and delivered.’ Mr Gaunt appeared for defendant, and at once admit ted the purchase of the goods and'the amount f° r them, and pointed out that from the fact of. his cIIL’ nfc woman, and'residing: .with her hus-; | ® e rime at which the debt was, incurred;.’ she could not be held responsible,-Her husband being in .rite controller of- her mdneya and a “ d ‘ labla for her debts. Mr Gaunt stated [ tuat it had been decided over and over again.in the Supreme Court that there were but two ways in wbioh a married woman could in law hold t property apart - ' from her husband. She must either .have t- been de serted by, ior judiciously separated from; hec;hnshand,- or “, ,roust have had property bequeathed to and" settled upon her. The plaintiff contended that the defendant had purchased the goods sued for from.him on the on her own account and apafipifrom So . (plaintiff) could show thatfshe-'wai pairryihg on nne business, and bardiusband'ahother. [/Mr Gaunt eiplained that Sthis provsTdUdid WflgkmSh the case. The dag Efendanf' Was not^6 7 flTe’~ti*e/sho Bought the goodjftw ■femmesole, evah-thougbßh&,mtgSt not have been isiding in? the aame’houaa Her husband. The busi ness she.carried/oh was (the husband’s), she being/merely hiaVKeo;i- It wa», L 'no doubt, hard upbm business people not'to be . able to recover in such' oases, where the wives were’unable,'as in his client’s ■instance,- to-meet-tha-demand, .but ,the_livW,Jta_a.plain, the .point, and , the husband' was the'"proper" partyto/baaued. .The case was adjourned for out -side.settlemßnt. ; ■ _,, - - - | In referencato. a. statement reported by the Echuca correspondent of the-Aryus to-have-heeh .made.by. Mr W. S. Gardiner, the local agent for Messrs Oddie and | Cos., we .learn that an error has occurred. We have been shown a letter (from' l Mr Gardiner, ih which he states that he did not refer, in any way, to the- land |bn which the firm had lent money, but to other, and ivery different, cases. The cases to which he referred were those in which SsTmuclCaS from (35s to 40s per acre had been advanced, whereas the limit of Messrs .Oddie and Co.’s advances IS about 20s per acre. In fact, the'land referred to had been -offered to Messrs Oddie and Cos., but they had refused to advanoo up to the amount desired." This explanation makes matters, of course, very different from what some persons sup posed,™*fer-asj the .local firm are concerned./, <( His Excellency the Governor paid a long-promised visit to the Lai Lai Ironworks on Tuesday, while on his way to the opening of .the, Horsham railway to-day, accompanied by Major Pitt, the hons/the Treasurer and Commissioner of Bail ways, and Messrs Macßain and Munro, M’s.L.A. The party arrived at Lai Lai by special train soon afterl-o'olock, and were met by Mr Kelly, the chairman of the ■ company, Messrs Batten and .Gilliland of the directors, and Mr ( Swifte, the secretary, traps being provided to take the party to the mine. After a short delay at Lai Lai for luncheon, a start waamade for'the works, which were reached-after a very dusty drive of about three quarters of an hour. Ah'inspection of the works was made quipkly; and no,.time was-lost (in, .returning to the station, whence the vice-regal party cook train again for Stawell;a'.The;. Attorney-General was also with the party, but did not visit the ironworks. The marriage of Miss Eastwood, niece of Dr Hud son, to Mr Gilbert, son of the well-known Biverina squatter, was celebrated on Tuesday at the Anglican Pro-Cathedral by the bishop of the diocese 1 The church'was,crowded,vand cast about in glorious profusion .to grace the steps of -.the bride, who was accompanied bridesmaids. A rich white silk "dress and lace veil'marked'but the bride from Her maids," .who were ■ attired in white lustre dresses.and, 1 gipsy bonnets,' the dresses of- four being trimmed .‘with pinkarid" four ‘with the 1 wedding ' breakfast ‘ at Dr , Hudson’s ■‘house, -for which. Mr Walker/of Bridge street/ wab' the caterer, the'bishop and ! a large number .'of guests were, present, after which-the party repaired to -Lake, Wendouree, save the newly-married couple,-who left town'.oa;theic Wedding tour to Gippsland; and 'thence to the bride groom’s, paternal homa at Warillah. The .wedding presents made abrilliant display, chief amongst which was a solid'silver tea and coffee service "given by Mr Gilbert,-senior; 1 - , J;-.’; On Tuesday morning- at ,9 o’clock, ,a citizen of this town .with a posse/of carpenters, laborers," and cartera,. numbenng.twelve in all, proceeded .to forcibly eject a j tenanfbf'his bn the Creawick road,-who declined to go awayand also:'declined to pay his . rent. . The preliminaries were' enacted ■' by. • a; i policeman;’ ".who < solemnly warned both-sides that‘it would be bis duty ,tq,arreat the .first one-who strucka blow, and,then fell back to watch/the siege operations/ .The tenant and his wife,.a,daughter of Erin, armed one.with a shovel and the other with an axe,' set the /storming party at defiance and boldly, challenged/them to cbine I 'on. Upon a ladder.being fixed to pull off the roof, the lady; proceeded .to chop it to pieces, . and the husband got on the roof and entered .into,-, a. single combat with a carpenter, whilst the wife kept the others bit'bay below. 1 ' A'cbbsiderable crowd of spectators assembled, and at one time there appeared to,.be a prospect of a] general scrimmage,..but after, 'several ..attempts bad; failed the attacking/party.-retired, presumably ’for stratagetic purposes. In chambers,'oh Tuesday morning,-twoapplications were mado to Judga Hackett. - .One was in tha.case.of Davidson v M'Coll, for arrest' of judgment, ‘oh' the ground'that the'cause of aotid’n.'was'notfset out in the plaint. His Honor granted arrest of judgment for seven days to allow the defendant to apply fur a new trial. The other was in the case of Steinfeld v Veitob, a garnishee summons; dismissed with ’.two guineas costs. ; We are informed - that extensive bush fires were raging all. day on Tuesday at and around Gordon, 1 greatly damaging property. The' fire appeared to start - from’ the Homeward /Bound Gully and the Dalian aide simultaneously. But fur extreme care and willing hands on the part of all concerned, the plants and firewood of the "Parker’s Company would have been in some danger.’ /Aha late hour.last, evening the ifires had greatly subsided. , .... ...... ... <- /, Mr Qlenhy is/ one of /those who are not afraid' to spend ’their money in embellishing' this /auriferous metropolis, so dear to all its people exiled or at home. .Victoria Terrace, in that pleasant eastern/ent'rahee to the City'known'as Victoria street, is the propf : of Mr Qlenny’s faith in Ballarat. It consists of six villa residences of- ten rooms each, built in brick upon a bluestohe' base, ’from designs by Messrs'James‘and Creber, at a cost, including land, of about £3OOO, and fitted with, all the necessary conveniences. The con tractors ! wer,e—For brick and stone work, Mr W. Seeley; carpenterin'g and joining,- Messrs Taylor and Ellis; plumbing "and slating, 7 Mr Bamsay; plastering, Mr W. Taylor; painting, glazing, &e.;, Mr Bruun. As to the fittings'.we may state that,'unlike too many bouses, these are fitted with patent centre flower, ventilators in the ceilings in every room, not omitting those destined for the domestic servants. With the quadruple line avenue of blue gums, reaching from near St. Paul’s to beyond the Orphan Asylum, "and 'the' many well-built homeaof well-to-do .townsfolk .there, Victoria ..street is one of . the prettie|t and healthiest parts of Ballarat. Heither.city nor suburb exactly, it is a sort of rusin, urbe that, seems to be, getting to be more and- more popular, especially now; the line of Wellington’s, omnibuses has brought it close to the centre of the town, ao. to'speak';"'‘ ’ " East young men of-the • larrikin -order appear to thmk.that .they are at perfect liberty to use disgusting language and sing obscene songs iq'the streets at mid night. " HowevCr,". they make a. little 'mistake'ih :a'up posing that they can .do just aa‘they please in r “ a free country,” as a dirty-minded ’ young" fellow " named James discovered.to his unutterable surprise at- the City Court ,on Tuesday. . He had made-night/hideous with disgusting rhymes near the railway terminus' in. Lydiard street on Monday, was collared, by:the looked up in,a cell, given a breakfaat of brown bread and Gpng Gong on'.Tuesday, and had to pay £1 for the accommodation. , ' •* J The case against the man Dwyer, charged with the late assault upon Kenealey at Warrenheip, turns out to have been a far leas serious affair than was at . first supposed. It was dealt with at the City Court, on Tuesday, and the evidence generally went' to ehow that the assault arqse out of one of those drunken bouts at which" the motto,is, “.Where ydu see a head hit it.” After some two hours had been occupied in the examination of a host of “ bhoya” from Bungaree, Mr Gaunt, who appeared, for the/prosecution, acknow- ; ledged thatthie case was not of the/grave nature it" had at first ' appeared, and suggested that the charge should be altered to one of unlawful-assault. This was -done,, and.accused pleaded drunkenness. The bench considered the' evidence given sufficient to prove the case, and fined Dwyer £5, with £5 5s costs, with the 1 alternative of a moath’a impriaonmeht. ! 'The 'fine and costs were at' once paid, and Dwyer left the ; court. ; . . At the meeting held on Tuesday night at the station of the Ballarat. Fire Brigade, in .conjunction with the townspeople/it was resolved to canvass the whole of the town for the'purpose of raising 7 the funds and getting new subscribers."/ The several districts, were alloted- to various gentlemen,/who will canvass these districts’in'conjunction with some of ,the members at an"early date/' -'- ,;i ’-The usual meeting of the committee of the Ballarat regatta was. held on Tuesday evening, The'oqmmittee have been so muoh ehoouraged by/the success ’they, have met witb that.it is their intention to get up, if possible,Jan.All-comers’ Sculling Bace for. a.handsome prize, and’ they’fully expect that this race will attract some of the best scullers in the colony. It is probable also that/a crew from Tasmania will be entered to row in one of the gig. races. / . ,/ / .... j . An unpaarried man named Thomas Gray, a resident of Trawalla; and aged twenty-two years, was received into the Ballarat Hospital on Tuesday, J(th February.’ His injury consisted of a sprained ankle, -The monthly meeting of the trdateesqf the Bunin .yohg Cemetery ,called for Monday last was/adjourned to Monday "next;. there being - no; quorum/ Messrs Greaves and Higgins were; the. only trustees in /attendance. ■ 1 •' : - ■ • • 'a' /v/Av/tha Buninyong ..Police Court bn Monday'last ; Thomas Hopkins was fined £5/ or .three /months’, im= 1 dsonment, for making nse of obscene .language;/ laborer, fifty years age, named Peter M'Gmty, V,/. -_ ■ at. -Warrenheip, was j admitted into the tj ’"Wtal oh Tuesday, 4th‘February. M'Qinty aallarat /rom.a.fraotured arm and a wound on ; ■' "ries he said he had-recei.yed.as he the leg, - j; a gl 0 bdterbn Sdhday“after lay asleep at tfie Sprat* _ statement he was struck noon. -to his - - who bappened ta be in with a spade by Soma iydtnan . ’"ss the attack to an the hotel at. the time; ' He ascribe ■ s - ' old spite against him. Dr Owen had rendered the necessary 'et tw M'Ginty’a redaptidh “J?*®. that he is feinstituta anjr proceedings against his assailant. V ./ , V A oornejpondenl writes;!— , ( ‘'Aj greafedeal-has been Said P'osporityi'of Ifew Soutli Wales, South Australia, TOneenslaiW. and!New, Zaalan|£as cornered with Vic fetia bubtwbila mbch'of that'suaceia'sfea been justly /ascribed there ‘can 00 Very little queatioir : -tha£ , -*a great deal of it should be credited to a cause the advocacy ot Which ,w to aonte considerable extent neglected Wictoria of late years.” Without- denying'-tha't*pro=" tection—so proteotew-has to; a great extent parafyted'cdmmerce and'-manufaotures, TTn impHahnactor itTthe'sum ’of-the- stagnation- of 'our trade is the stoppage of free - or assisted immigra tion. ’.The publid movehlent - which^ignorantly-ongi* i hated this selfish policy of; exclusion is perhaTps oil'lfc i what might be expected :in f ; a - country governed by i men who profess themselves advocates of what is :called ‘ proteo'ti&n-;'tp'■native’’' industry,’btherifallacy of [Which has.been v and ■■’.is/bein’g.'demodstt-ated so cbn [olusively tn'Ameri^.tidt...l^Bft6nld/j^^^»^^' i ( agitated against fr-by/ the iintelligent P3Fyhn;.’of . ( pur i dfimmUhity,-- whose‘duty itus Potytdrstanq- idly ;.by»' ‘but to,-take,-an_active interest in the. instruction'' • on prominent public, topics of thoSe who. have not had the'eahie'opportunities of culture;as‘ themselves For itdoes seem self-evident at first sight that the impor tation of more working meh.into the colony would'be damaging to the interests of'the.working classes. But ■ experience,-, which, is admittedly the. best ; all teachers, shows us" how!; incorrect.' is' this 11 apparently correct supposition; .■- Take a glance at, and eee what is being-dime there.!!’Free. immigration to, that'country does Mot affect the rate of wages,‘ for, as a matter’ of. fact, ell kinds of'Jabori. aud unskilled, are there in greal”requeat. : Thersame state.of ;things prevails in. New. .South Wales, Qneens lahdi andr ; .Sbuth [.Australia; In these colonies each shipload of _ immigrants is rapidly engaged at the.re- S]secHve r dopots, by employers”! rom 'all I ' parts .Of' , the bduniryl /wheat once cohyey iniaud 'dietrictS/e wharer; their, labor'is ,most required,: i^^bM;i^^,liiyeroa't)etter : opportunity-of improv ihg.th 3 eir ppsifc^n'than ’in fhe.'crpwded'Beapoft towns.; And it wi]l:be.foundon makingacomparison between the wages rate of this colony! and those abovenacded that” the latter pay~a* higher - rate in' 'most * cases: than we in Yictoria,dp.;.r,Thera.is no disputing the logic of stubborn facts, and that they are.facts is proved by the steady and continuous outflow of working-men from this colony to the adjacent ones, notwithstand ing "the efforts’’of the - present'Ministry .and their toadies and dupes to make -believe that this oolony.'is, and under their auspices alone will continue to be, a fine country, for the .working-man. . There was a great outcry,'against' it _when ‘ the ( pdpularjsdrttecb arose,, bqt looking back at, that..time r mdit people'will admit'that the’system of‘assisted ‘immigration' proved a great blessing to those wild took advantage of it to effect the reunion of' their!'families,'a task which, in many, cases, ; never • could have; been 7 accomplished otherwise; and the people thus introduced,into , the colony were, aaaelected/bythe thrifty relatives'who sent for them, a,, class of colonists" who could scarcely be improved .upon. . .It.waa, really. an excellent pro cess’of natural" selection,' and in’' the 'interests ? of the progress of the.colony iris to be hoped that the day .is nbt’fardistant When, tit-'the request of the people’of jYictqria; the'.ayatempf immigration’ will; be resumed.” The.Aboriginal Singers, twenty- two in number, from the Lake Condah station, arrived in Ballarat on Tuesday evening, under the charge of the Rev. J. H. Stähle. To-day they will visit the various public institutions and the lake, and on Thursday evening will give their first public entertainment at the Me- chanics'-hall. This is the first time that this party has visited Ballarat. We have .received,: Lester’s .hotel monthly railway .and' coach-, gnider for. February,; a very ( useful little book. . .-. - r .-;ct 7 ’ ’ K ■ ? ; ’We have received a. little: book said to, contain.„mes ; sages' from .'the, other, ‘world; ;■ transmitted through ':a Melbourne writing'.medium. ..‘They ,a're ; ,published-to show that spirit messages' are' not'“a-'mixtura;;’of • b|asphemy'and nonsense.” .They - do .-not, however, strike tia airbeing anything; beybnd : what a'yei-y-'ordi 'nary* mind could produce without the'aid ~of ' and they" are; certainly,ineither,-: .very .wisenor .-.very "eloquent.’’ ,;r - .n-ul' ~-;:r.uu cifil St.' Leon’s, big show waa well attended at Bdninybrig 1 bn Monday last; therd being- over 800 ofranmudience. The' performance ‘ .The company deft ■for Clunee at 2 o’clock-..bn-Tueßday a mpriiing'.;)'.'V'f. ’V; .[The Warden’s,jCourt; 1 case,';Miller’ and ’others Imperial Company,‘Hiscooksy'tb' havejrbaeh Iheardikt the - Buninyong -Police Court /on - Tueaday,. wasad 'jo'urned to‘Friday .n'extjjn consequence of the absence of Mr Warden. Thomson... , ' 1 The Hobart Town Tribune says :—“ The Crown law- officers have lost no time in seeking to bring home charges under the new Act for the Suppression-of 'Lotteries. A, prosecution has been instituted? against Messrs Davies Brbs.j'fbjr' publishitig ’an'adrertisement ; in the dfercurj/ of'the BallarabArt Paint-. ingsj'and-anotheriagainst'Mr- Jamesiß. Cunningham, for inserting, an' advertisement in - the Tribune an-, nouncing- that,.gift...distributions were made at Rainer’s Dibrama.of the' American War, which was -recently exhibited at, r -A disastrous fire broke out'aboutthalf- past 3 o’clock" on Tuesday morningiin ;a fruit-.sUop belonging tb'Mr. . J.- Harris,- -Albert, street, L iCreawick.. ; The officeoccu- ’! pied by Mr Burton, solicitor, the shops ocoupied-by Mr : Barclay,'aaddler;/were all, totally destroyed. “ At - tha jtime the firehell first’rang /out the- alarm,;the ,whole buildings r were one,mass.of flames. The fire brigadeV were "quickly'oh" the spot, and had,.two or three.streanas .of,water playing on the burniug buildings and the adjoining" premises.' The; abofT occiipied ' by Mr J. Martyr, stationer," was’ "partly - destroyed, but” through tbe; : exertions. of.-tbe brigade, who well; it was stayed before" the building was to tally-consumed. / The istock was also 'greatly damaged by .fire v and water.; : Mr: W.-P..'Jqne3’- dwellinghouse was .on‘fire several times, and he will be a'severe;loser: by damage-in the removal of furni ture. The‘;whole -of - the buildings’ destroyed were, insured, but much loss will result through destruction of fnrniture and stock. I reported’that Mr^'J'; Harris is insured for about £7OO.Mr Barclay's stock is also insured for £lOO, but. this will not- half cover his' loss. ' Mr' R. Walsh' has been appointe'd ',to , conduct on' behalf of the Crown" appeals in r tHe*"L'and 'Tax Court not alraady disposed.of. v ~ r v Tuesday’s Age says :—“The-‘ disappearance of at -medical gentlemen who has -for some time enjoyed a. s practice,in Melbourne,- and -was, generally thought to ’ bo 'in' good circumstances, was freely diaobssed jlast night. The catastrophe; is ascribed to financial dlffi-.-. culties; ’and it ia aaid tbat -tbe' missing gentleman’ 'leaves'a'wide circle of lamenting friends.”' r.ii The Geelong 1 correspondent of, the Argus says : A iire, .believed,to be the work of an incendiary, was, discovered on : Monday morning, ahout.l o’clock, on: the John Allan; Moolap. Three stacks ot, wheat we*re ; (first, phseryed, bnd ' the/flames rapidly extended to six other ataoks of. oats : ahd straw. The whole of the nine stacks were‘entirely consumed, together with-al amall ahed .containing timber and! straw.- 1 The whole ■ was’situated: orr-a; three-quarter acre allotment of ground. " Fortunately- ’the 1 wind, .shifted, or .the house,' which was" only 3d°yards off,. . would.have been burnt also. The loss is estimated at nearly- £looo, and ‘none of. the propertyCia insured. Mr Allan has resided for some twenty- six years in'the district, and is so generally esteemeolthat'jit; cannot'; be conjectured - who could be guilty of the dastardly; act.” ,r.,i j The Argus says :—“ In.reference to jthe claim of the United Hand and Band (No’ ; Liability) Company against the National Bank, we understand that; the bank received by the last mail, opinions in extenso of eminent English counsel, setting forth . their reasons' 1 for the conclusion previously arrived at,- altogether ad- ', veraa to tha claim of the company.” - -V Mr CrookeV surgeon, was seized with 1 a sudden ill ness on Monday morning at his residence, Nicholson street, Fitzroy. At about 8 o’clock'one of hia family found him lying in. bed quite; insensible. Dr Brownlesa was (says the Argus) immediately sent"for,” and a,mes-‘ saga was despatched’to the Melbourne Hospital for the loan of a stomach-pump. Dra Lawrence,and Robertson-, .yvere afterwards called in for consultation. Tnispite of. treatment, however, Mr Crooks remained totally* un- - conscious'all.day, and. at ! one time 1 little hope- waa entertained of his: recovery. At- half-past'-ll p.m.T there was a slight improvement in his condition,, and he partially (regained .consciousness, but his, recovery,, was still considered very .uncertain. Tho' medical gentlemen' attending him state that.he has had~a fit of'apoplexy i -,;In i coQßequenoe of -Mr-Grpoke’s illness, - the inquest on the body of Mrs ColUns WMadjourned for-a week.'-’ Dr Crboke was much better: on‘Tuesday night, learn from the Herati, and his recovery is fully expected.” ’ There’appears* to-be a good deal of' 'baystery as to the nature of-his illness. ’ • . The Hon., P.- Lalor,, Commissioner of Customs, and -the Hoa.:R. La Poer Trench returned from Sydney on-- Monday by the as. -Ly-ee-moon. ” l - -' 6 ' •/. The ybiing woman; death in .a, waggOnetto'.was referred ’ to in Tueaday's-isaue (says the Argus) to be Lydia Dowling, a girl of the unfortunate, class. , She ..was suffering from .rapid con' sumption, .and*,was under medical 'treatment; On 1 Saturday her .friends, contrary' to medical instructions,- -brought-.her in-apab from-^fcho house, she Jived at in, Simpson.street, East Melbourne,(,to ,townj'apparently ! with the intentionof- taking : hereto' the’ Melbourne* , L.°.Bpital! : - On ’tfieir, way 1 tbichar’ they called at the re sidence.ofa medical gentleman in .Colli ns's treat, and Rep seeing .that 'tba ' young woman I ,"was.iu -a dying; state, and that her case was hopeless^T^ ss home with her again. The cab wm 2? Spring street, and a drink o£ water for j“P h was being procured from the Hew tv! 6 when she died. Her body was taken h UtJ IIO H diately, and on Monday it waa conveyed to where her mother lives, for interment cemetery. *“ ‘as 1^ Two candidates for the Buninyong d!,;,,- Ballarat Mining Board have been annm!° tt John Magofj manager of the Imperial retiring member of the Mining Board and Grahatd; manager d£ this One-and-AU claim The returns of traffic on the i^et6riahTair UlW 'k■ ‘{be'week'en'ding~3o th‘ nit.- were ■ £2i 275 fe wopk, of last, year showing fy 1 “'Th'efdllbwing'are said- to-be candidate, 1 .Bnurke:—Mr D. Crichton, agricultural edit/* ? si Wecklg. Tirm* Mr T. Little, of Romaey- and v tl! R. Harper, P. Kelly, S.'.Staughton, and Wn e ’ s * , The Argils ~s_aya;.—r“ The-’writ - for the We’stn "• elecd9B^u.^ 4 Min! ■* , making overturesttf'Mr J. T.'T.^Smith(Crown • tor)' jMtt'--to‘ offer: himself in-his fa?? place;. j anu.'that gentleman •is'to -give'an' ai»*.r?J an early The''friends iof the otherh? , apoJ ! whose names have been, mentioned are encased • pairipg-off process, but'the list is so numerous th? ‘ will be more ihJrL 4 starters. _lf we'-hava' £ot' ; before ; this : 'noticed th« ~ :: cnrrent x dur.ng i days respecti^. position of a local firm doing a large tr- a-m u?- ■ Times;,-it is because wea?e*l?- understand- satisfactory settlement fff effected, the only requirement being an extension^ Our auctioh , : coluin*nß this morning contain ti announcement of a’ sale by auction by jr 5 Dacomb,' .ofPortland, Lof the Bolwarra EauL 1 220p.,aprea,,;and: remaining- properties of the hte-V Henty, situate at arid near, Portland. The Bel' * property_has been cut up into- blocks of various and includes the-, fellmongery' on the Hirer g„ “■ of 452 4crea,’where the late Mr Henty scour hie famous "Muntham wool, the J being very . suitable for, that purpose, - A era, portion .of the t estate has been, cleared al cultivated, -and’’the ’land laid down ’mil English, grasses-Lots .16,17, and 18 fotnfa&S; cent farm of over 463 acres,; with 'homestead ota' seerVoottage, farm buildings,, and stockyards ’ _A/,plan ot this estate may be seen at this office. other properties, consist.of the Walook Eatatei rariou town allotments in Portland, and the Hey wood pis perty.’ ' Anyo’ne wishing to settle in one of the salubrious spotsan the colony, would do well to virit the'prpperty/and inspect it for themselves.' The Ah will take'jpjace.-ori the r l2th inst., at Mr Daconb's rooms, Portland. Mr John Irving, who has so often appeared on Ballarat boards, being about to leave Ballarat, a com- plementary benefit is being arranged to take place about the end of the present month, on which occa- sion Tom Taylor's celebrated drama, “ The Ticket-of- Leave Man,’’ will be produced by the Garrick Club. It will be remembered that the club achieved a marked success in this play some short time back. Mr D’Arcy Read’s'ghost pantomime, “ Beauty mj the Beast, I ’.was‘.repeated’at the Academy of Muse yeaterday „eyening, th&iaffair; concluding with the “ Qhoets”Revela in, the'Haunted House l .” Mr jy announces that,,jhaving concluded his 'engagement .with Mr Edward Byte, he will, on his own account, r ,''twd;!fiiial' performances,' one to-night- and the other‘tb-mofrow night, prior to his departure ■/» Geelong. - 