RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION in DENOMI NATIONAL ana in PUBLIC SCHOOLS. I \- -H. SACRED HEART SCHOOL. The Roman Catholic Deiio'uiiinliöual School in connection with the Church of the Sacred Heart is one of the most considerable in the city, and the number of pupils on the roll have been augmented by about one third since the publication of the first Pastoral. The schoolrooms are beneath the church, those occupied by the prizes being separated by the boys' schoolroom by a partition. They are dark and gloomy, and their ap earance altogether not calculated to aid the work of the teacher, or conduce to the health of the children It was decided, at a meeting held some days ago, that new schoolrooms should be erected and it is quite time that the work of construction should be proceeded with having regard to the importance of suitable buildings in the prosecution of educational efforts. On the morning our reporter visited the school, the pupils were, as usual, put through the outdoor exercises by the head teacher and his two assistants, and were then marched into the schoolroom. The principal teacher took charge of the elder boys, and the pupil teachers the smaller children, and in their several classes They proceeded at once with the religious part of the Ray's exercises.. The schoolrooms do not admit of any distant separation of the classes, and consequently a Visitor might take the head teacher's instructions in at one ear and those of his principal assistant in at the other a state of things hardly calculated to secure the best educational results. The lessons consisted of examination in catechism-the Rev. Dr. James Butler's Third Catechism being that in use in the school, and the particular subjects for the Lay were those contained in the 11th and 12th lessons, the principal teacher asking other questions of an explanatory character. And in regard to this gentleman it may be mentioned, that instead of being ignorant of the Holy Scriptures a charge made against Roman Catholic teacher? he claims to have been acquainted with them from his childhood and he has in his school desk a copy of a commentary on. the Gospels and other books of the New Testa- ment, by Dr. MacJEvilly, Bishop of Galway, by which he is fortified and guided in his work of communicating Seviplural knowledge. Beginning with the subject of the Roman Catholic Church, the teacher asked, " Why do you call the Church Roman " The answer was given in the words of the catechism, '' Because the visible head of the Church is Bishop of Rome, and because St. Peter and his successor fixed their see at Rome." Next followed a question, not in the catechism, " Who is the invisible head of the Church ? " which was answered " Jesus Christ, our Lord." Then the children were asked : " Supposing St. Pete was not at Rome would it make any difference to his being acknowledged as the head of the Church ? " The answer " No " was followed by the explanation that the Saviour conferred supremacy on St, Peter, not on the seat; and that the Church might, under other circumstances, have been the Australian Catholic Church. "Who is the visible head of the Church?" was answered: "The Pope, who is Christ's vicar on earth, and supreme bend of the Church ; " and sundry other . questions explanatory of this followed, such as " What is a vicar ? " The answer to this, " One who acts instead of another," was succeeded by the further query, not in the catechism, " Has the Pope any right to act instead of our blessed Lord." "Yes," was the answer, and the explanation was given by the teacher that he had no right to act in other matters than matters of faith such other matters as astronomy for instance. " When was St. Peter made Pope or heard of the Church" brought the answer, " Chiefly when Christ said to him, thou are Peter, and upon this' rock' &c.; Then followed questions as to the right of apostolic succession, which were replied to according to the Church catechism. " Can the Church err in what it teaches," was answered, " No ; because Christ promised to the pastors of his Church, behold I am' with you all days even to the consummation of the world." Then followed these questions and answers: " Q. Why did Christ promise always to remain with His Church ? A. That He himself, directing and assisting by his holy spirit the pastors of His Church, might teach all ages and nations. Q. What else did Christ' promise to His Church ? A. That the gates of hell should not prevail against it. Q. "What other advantages have we in the true Church ? A. We have true' faith, with the communion of saints, and the forgive- ness of sins. That Christ left to the pastors" of His Church the power of forgiving sins." Then followed an explanation that some Protestants said that if a Catholic; were to go to confession, the priest, if he got money, would forgive him any number of sins, though he intended to commit them again. "Is that true?" said the teacher. " No' replied the children. " In what frame of mind must you be in when you go to confession" A. ""We must be heartily sorry, and resolve not to offend God any more." '* Supposing a man' told a lie in confession, what would that be ?" A. "Telling a lie to the Holy Ghost." "If you met a priest in the" street, and told him a he would that be a lie to the Holy Ghost?" A. " who ; but it would be very wrong." Several questions were then asked in the succeeding lesson on "Sin." Q. What is Bin? A. Any wilful thought, worthless, or omission contrary to the will of God. Q. What is mortal sin ? A. A grievous offence or transgression against the law of God. Q. Why is it called mortal sin ? A. Because it kills the soul by depriving it of its true life, which is sanctifying grace and because it brings everlasting death and damnation on the soul. Q. Does venial sin deprive the soul of sanctifying grace and deserve everlasting punishment? A. No, but it hurts the soul by lessen- ing its love for God, and by disposing it to mortal sin. The Scripture says, " He that contemneth small things shall fall by little and little." These and other questions of similar purport constituted the hour's religious exercises, after which the ordinary course of lessons prescribed by the Council of Education were gone on with. The elder boys answered most of the questions with tolerable promptitude. One or two seemed to be ignorant of the catechism, and were referred to by the teacher as shocking Examples of Public school irreligion, they having only lately been received into the school from the State schools, The teacher in his departure from the actual words of the catechism exhibited an intelligent apprehension of the views of Protestants in regard to the doctrines he taught. Scriptural texts favouring the creed of the catechism were quoted, and he brought in the Church of England prayer-book to support his questions and answers on the subject of confession. And any visitor to the school could not but be impressed with the idea that the children were in a Catholic atmosphere, being thoroughly impregnated with Roman Catholic dogma, rather than with those Christian truths which are common to all Christians. 