Amusements. Theatbe Eotai..— This theatre was occupied by R. crowded, audience, the dress circle exceptcd, on Saturday evening, when the eminent tragedian Jlr. W. Creswick appeared as Hamlet in Shakespeare's tragedy of that'name. In Mr. Creswick's impersona tion oC Hamlet, wo find much topraiBO nndnothingto censure, it. may not eo ms masterpiece, masmuchas his age is against him, and his powers of enduranco are greatly overtaxed by tho burdensome task. This wns noticeable towards the termination of tho performance, when the actor's voice appeared to be faltering, partly or perhaps wholly through hoarseness, from which Mr. Creswick has been suffering for some time past. Though this is his misfortune, and not his fault, it makes him ap pear at a disadvantage. However, his oonccption of the character appeared to be studiously correct. His voice abounded witij pathos eb deep as to manifest that the actor's soul was wrapped up in his part. Tims be secured the rapt attention and applause of liis auditory. Of JCes Austin's Ophelia, it would bo hard to praiso too highly, but suffice it to state that her fitful acting and singing was even a superior por traiture of Opholia- intellectual derangement totliat given when the artiste was last in Sydney. Excepting Mr. Jones as Poloniue, Mr. Douglas as knertes; nnd Mr. Brown as tho Ghost of Hamlet's, father, all of was only moderately well supported, while several of the subordinates lacked a proper knowledge of the dialogue, a defect we hopo to see improved on repeti tion. Tho scenery and other sbige appliances were of the best order, and as a whole the performance was a success. The Opbea. — The eecond performance cf the opera of ' Aida' ' on Saturday night was a most rdo oessful one, and the audience tos'tined their approval by hearty plaudits, the leading performers being several .times called before the curtain. Signora i,iiiB. u.a araa gave a. moat artistic rendering ot ner part, and was iu splendid voice ; wliilo she divided the honours equally with Hiss Palim, who, as Amneris, enng most effectively. Signer Paladiui was in much botter.voico, and gave his numbers in a most acceptable manner. Signor Zolman is to be con gratulated on the excellent manner in which tho orchestra is playing this most difficult music. The scenery aud appointment* are pl.ico'l before tbo audience in grand style, and, taking itallogether, this opera is the most successful that has been placed before the public during tho present eeaeon. It will :e rencateu this evening. The Benefit to Mrs. Bates.— Tbo benefit tendered at tlie Theatro Koyal, on Saturday after noon, to Mrs. Hates, tho widow of that much lamented pfcntlcmau who met with so mysterious a death in Victoria recently, was the greatest theatri cal success that has been seen in Sydney for some years. The attendance was a credit to the disposition of the people of Sydney, and the tierform aiice v.-as no less creditable to those members of tho pvotCKfiion, who, full of sympathy, gave their services. The auditorium was crowded in all parts, many beiug quite content with standing room. Tho performance commenced with the overture, of ' 'William Toll,' played by tho -united orchestras of tlie Theatre lioyal, Opnra Cojnpany, and Queen's Theatro, num bering over 30 performers. Sipior Zelman conducted. It was a great musical treat to hear the grand work given with j-ucU effect. Mrs. Foi then sang very nicely Ganz's fioug, ' Sing. Sweet Bird,' and Signer Giorza followed with a pianoforte solo, 'Maroh Australia,' composed hy himself. Miss Lainbert nest sang, ' To the Woods.' with great taste. Mr. Amies Beaumont succeeded with a very fine tenor song by Adams, ' The Blue' Alsatian Mountains,' wliicli lie gave in a moat artistic and satisfactory manner. All the above pieces wevo re ceived with unusual applause by the audience. Mr. Lazar, before tho performance commenced, had asked that no encores be demanded, and the audience, though in a most appreciative mood, restrained their enthusiasm until that charming warbler, Madnme Rose Hersee came out and took them bv storm with a bright little gem of a song of Lover's, entitled ' How to ask and have,' when they broke through tho rule and insisted upon a second edition. Madame Hersee generonsly came back and sang that beautiful Scottish melody 'Within a mile o' Edinbro' town,', tho very symphony of which brought the house down before a note of it was sung. It was beautifully given by the gifted nrtide, wJio was vociferously applauded. Mr. Verdi followed with Adam's song ' Noel.' He was in better voice, than we havo yet heard him, and gave the soiig. with thrilling effect. 'O, Mio Fernando,' by Miss . Palma (one of the gems of the performance) and the 'Death of Nelson,' by Mr. Gaynor, admirably sung, bronght the first part to a close. In a Burprisingljr short space of time, the curtain rose on tbe celebrated fourtli act from the ' Merchant of Venice ' (trial scene), in which M-. Creswick impersonutod Sbylock ; Hiss Ashton, Portia ; Mr. Seagrave, Antonio ; Mr. Douglass, Bnasauio; Mr. Brown Gratiano: and Mr. Hasker tho JJufco. TJmjj-aa raost effectively given. The Taylor troupe followed. 'with (-elections frointlieir ropei-toiro. Next the audience were trcated.to tbo last act of that charming play 'Heart's Delight,' with Mr. Sam Emery as 'Cap'en Kd'rd Cattle, mariner o' England,' Miss A. Deorwyn fts Florence Doiubey, Mr. Medns as Toots, Mr. Douglas as Walter Gay, and Miss Mainwaring as Susan JSipper. The fireside and tea-table sceno in tho 'Old Curiosity Shop,' where tho captain is ensconsod, was most interesting, and most complete, even to the hot water and tho captain's real old Jamaica, tho flavour of which permeated tho whole house. Tho performance closed with the masked ball scene from tho 'Corsican Brothers,' whioh was very gorgeously mounted, re minding us forcibly of tbo mayor's fancy dress ball. Mr, J. J. Wallaco and Mr. H. E. Havwuod took the parts of Henri de Franohi and M. do Chatoau Sonard respectively. Before tho close of tho perform ance, Mr. Lazar announced that the sum of .£239 f!s lmd be'en taken nt the doors, but that, wifh tickets sold, tho total receipts were expected to amount to .£250. The statfuient \rns loudly cheered. Tho per formance was under the. patroiiDgo of his Worship tnc Mayor 'of Sydney (Mr. C. .T. Roberts) and Mrs. EobwtR. It lasted throe hours. Great credit is dup to Mr. Lazar for lending his theatro, and to tho ladies aud gentlemen who bo willingly came forward to assist in sncli a deserving cause. - ' GnuAT Brass Uanp Contest. — A novelty in musical performances js'to take place this evening, at tho Masonic Hal), namely, a brass band con test. Seven banda-nre to contend for the palm of superiority, Messrs. Cork and Wliitiyani boing tue judges. The prizes are very valuable, and are offered for the eiicouragomont of colonial amatcnr thnsicnl talent. MendelQohn's. grand ' Wcdding.March ' is to be played by a band of 130 performers, Mr. Kopff conducting. There Is every prospect' of a large attendance. ;. .. AcA-DKiir of Musrc. — This place of amusement was fairly well patronisod-on Saturday, when an enjoyable entertainment was offered. 