[?] [?]RES-No.V. THE CATACOMBS—ST. SEBASTIAN. [BY THE REV. W.R. FLETCHER, M.A.] In case some of the readers of these sketches should charge me with not being original, I at once acknowledge that I am guilty of net trying to be original in manufacturing the facts of history. If my realtors wish to find the ajuraeeol my papers they may consult Gibbon awl adman, and Meander and BUiott. and Hortbcoto ana MaQtand, and Mrs. Jameson, and Men vale and others, which are all easily a> Odsaible; bat if they wish to carry their re aaarehea further they must study Tacitosaad other elassio hHWi?ir«. and consult the nume rous writings of the anti-Nicene Fathers. I wish to remind my readers that these rt^fi^t ot Some are not disconnected frag ments, but are meant to be illustrative of one central thought. I wish to awaken an interest in the neatest revelation that has ever come over the life of this world, and tha straggle, vast tiMDgh silent, which it involved. In my first two sketches I drew*picture of the theatre of this revolution, aad in my account of the Palace of toe Csssars X depleted a state of society which, however splendid, waa nevertheless so morally degraded that ita permanency was impossible. In my next two papers I tracked the footsteps of St. Paul in Borne, and showed how the reli gious and Christian, influences which were at work before hia visit to Borne received a sadden and a> tasting impetus. Though no one thought it, that, blameless nmoanr was doing' more to overthrow the throne of the Cauars than even tha Goths in Germany or the Parthians in the tar Kant. In this sketch I wish to show you the great revolution at work. Our previous dates were in the first century of our era; let us now pass down the stream of time and take our stand towards toe end of the third century. Two hundred mars have rolled by, and meanwhile tha unweildy empire baa been holding together if not growing. The Oasars of the first century were mostly bad men, but the Oaasara of the aseood were of a different order. Home was favored by having a. succession of rulers whose n ."">« add lustra to the roll of potentates. Trajan and Hadrian and the tvra Antooines were mea of whom Borne may well be proud, and for • time by their military skill and their wise administration they did mash to postpone the day of rain that waa coming. I say they were wise men, bit wise mea are soautimee the imTTi bliiri t a*"* these wise men did not under stand the danger which beset them. It is a oarioaa fact that the very worst emperors la* tha Christiana alone, while the best of them van asaong the most bitter persecutors of the anarch. Trajan. Marcos Aurelius, Aurelian. and DiOTkrtnmaH lifted up their hands to smite tha PnrSirti—l«. while CiMnmodas and Caraealla gave them liberty, yet the former were among Homo'o ablest governors, while the latter were BMastata of iniquity. The truth is, that snob mea aa Trajan and Diorlntian dimly felt that Oaristianity was tin implacable foe to the whole ltiasan Ui " of polities and morals, so they tried toaruih it out, w&ile; the others were too openly wiofced and profane to trouble themselves •boat is.. Tsn? handrail years have rolled on, ami there faagraatahsage in Borne. Boms is as gay as ever, as splendid as ever, and as cruel a? aver Task fnqdo building* have bean erected to gratify .the luxurious habits of tha people. The baths of Situs, the baths of Caracalla, and other atalar astab&shmeat;* have been put up to please the Boman mob. The Colosseum has been raised, and ita arena has ran rivers of blood «? amustt she jaded raws of the city. These things «e «• popular u ever, nay more so, and ««■ tbera is a change. There are by this time iOjOOO Christians in the city, and every part of tha empire a filled with them. Borne is per vaded wita 4&ristisuity;,yes where is it to be foond? No churches are visible anywhere to via with the temples of the gods. Where, then, are the Christian meeting-places? These people seem to be everywhere, yet nowhere. In times of toleratioo they may be teen gathering, per haps, at tha bouass of some of the more wealthy of tbe sect, but as soon as an edict of parseca tioaia sent forth they an gone, and only afew stray asambara of tha fijok can be found. Jn*t aa a swarsa of rabbits will vanish at the sound of a guaias* their numerous barrows, so did the Christiana, disappear dawn into the endless, dark, aad tortuoua nadsrgraund regions, which we call the fntaitrnnV. there to hide Utem-wlves. and ttera to worship Qod. This, nf 04a of the persecuted shorch at Borne waa used not from mere policy, bat as the result of a new ntsnmple, and a new faith, and a new metlwdofd^ieoaiagoftbedetd. Whafc a Hhih.ii weird eloquence would be felt if wo could gather together illustrative spaounaatf e£ th*. various sepulchral moaumeass which have baaa in fashion in various parts of the world.' Tha grandest and most euduring of all tha remains of antiquity an tombs. The Pyramids of Kgyp* an bw tha chief tombstones la the old sjraveyard of Memphis. The eity baa vanished bat Ha tombstones remain. Tue roak chambers ol Beni Unssn and the vast de matsrf'enajabsn of the Pharaohs at Thebes ■amain, to tell how the' living thought of tha dead, aad how the living were -Wont to make ready their death-home with at auek *ean' as they would build tasirpahttaa, ThaGrecian cities of the heroic igel?*v*oeea deemed almost mythical, but the djsoovery of the tombs of some of the Homeric avaroas has given new life to th? stones of pri saMnQneoo. TbaoMast remains in Italy an BmssM tombs, aad continual ducovery kaeps brhumg to ngh% trash objects of art and beauty which have been buried in tha grave* of that aswar hut saystarious people. Too inteosest •uriosity .conceming PaJastiae gathers aroaad Ha aanuiehrea.; Abraham's grave is atbl locked tramthoprstaineiaqoiritionof Christiaas, and awaiWesatoeatioa. The, tomb of David u said to exist, hu?is .not jet found. Tha central ohureheftKa *&* of Jerusalem is the Church of thaHobSepalco?e, and. the dome of tha great n*Mi!w ovsnrobes an unknown grave. ~ Borne,' ol wUoh.we an more especially ■rmasint. is fall of tombs. They exist in Sandreds along the Appian Way. The. frowa {nc eastts or 8t Angelo was the maaao jeam c< Hadrian. A low theatre in tha baartof ts*a*ojarn city is tta altered tomhof Aasjsrtna.Muwtr4fing.to what base use an om- J*^-^?tW«S?ostla S t. foadeasrtad ffMjafd at.thootheVend of the city may be found f&a; costly sepuhmra of too Soipios, and near by m the Qjlumbaria, whan tanasan^ir of -fte ersneas wen economically itoosaft'otl? death, while beyond the walls no fewer tfcs* abrty separate cemeterfes are to be found, wneretha^ps of the Christian dead van laid during three hundred years of the history of th?«hureb. Our object is to visit this city of the dead. lateas^prua&atogive; you any gorgeous de scription, of'.palaces and templet, theatre* aad shows, bat to tell you nmwthing about those strange regions of underground Boaie which an tha moat fasniaiting objects of search for antiquariana-of every sohooL I hope I shall mtarest you^a spite of tha mouldy ebaraetar of withsmn; for If Bono bo a "na?ty musty old sity," undergMond Bomo is stUl assfiar and sjrartvn- I remember in one ot my vidta to the ft*-~«««*? being in company with a few intelli> fefan4s;Ttmbng whom waa a young Sngtish lady Mb lorad*"Bj6'ma as only an artUt can. and as «w threaded otw way ia tha dark through the firat gallery otihe eataeombs of St. Agaese and saw tha towa of crumbling bodies on either band, lying whan their friends Bad pat tnem IiCO years ago. She ezolaimed." You may say ■natyoujsluVrdo npt like this, aad the sooner TOcefcoftftfthis- the betterV 7 Is then milch To urirtsfitsnii the paoufiar iuflueuaa which asraaasshabad apoatbe hidden history of Borne at this time, we. must carefully note what baathaa Borne thpogh? of death. ?4 how the Bonaas wen aotnatpmed to dispose of their dead. The value of human life was not an idea that took bold of the Boman mind. A Boman gentleman or even a Boman lady couU ait all day in tha circus oriticaUy watching the trained ■Uilfs*^! murder each other for sport, and whoa the dead bodies wen dragged away with papptiaig-haoks, and tha Mood-pools covered wiUisaaa. ooold tea tha same horrid spectacle tepaatad/Twishi seme new adjunct of spicy cruelty, and. all tha live-long day very rarely exercise {he* privilege of mercy to the van ouiahed. Wfen auyti)ia£ went wrong in the bflUtT*"1?^ Iftff Jh"ffVr could auniah his slaves { ofasla^ws?\\(Teamailofi?monvatuathsn.the lifeofajlag. I^, war we rarely find a Boman tmiisns any very great concern at the idea of being kj^and ia peace suicide waa deemed not oolypo crime, hqt even « Tktoous aot of UKfwry. A-Sonudii not place a Tory high valaa oa any humea life, whether anybody else's or hia OWB.I asvbaoVno hapa beyond the grave, bat bis oat!** sat aba fatum was not so much fraagb* witbterrorasitwasabaolutalysaroQded mglooni?T£%athwa> biaak; the Blysian fields waraonlydseas?saf poets and childraD; whether bbsb did or did not live in Hades wa* not kaown aad waa not maeh enquired about. The one natt object for a man to live for was to enjoy pswatt anAaataarWak of the future. t^*ry«i«ewnt from this was the creed that waaydaaraprtsmngsmoiig the people uader the nassu of Christianrty. Toe know what fha> is. I naadnatdomora tbaa remind sou of im. for it is'our cree4 to- day. Deaitf totbe Dlnlaliaii ii hi birthday intofife—bis summons tojabaris bis anticipated destioy—hisboorof ! freedom from the chains Bad slavery of the present narrow and restricted life. " Of gold wrought up in richest lacs. Its (bread U ail-that fire can burn ; In thia so aright an ill we trace, Twere folly anon a loss to mourn. " Tho soul's imoerishable gold. The Ibodj bat iu mortal thread; la fin we death's aole power behold: Why then should we lament the dead ?"* The Bomans were accustomed to dispose of their dead in two methods. One was the old fashioned way of burial; the other was the 1 method of burning. The former method was gradually supplaated by the latter. Burial was the more romantic, the more ideal plan, but cremation waa the more economical of space, the more cleanly, and the more healthy for the living. Ar Rome got more civilised, and lost her faith in her old poetic creeds, she adopted the funereal pyre almost entoely. The fashion changed not from, any motive of funeral reform, but by its own innate spirit of caprice, and the bodies of emperors and slaves, instead of being left to the worms to dispose of, were dissipated.in smoke and carbonic acid, and reduced to a few ounces of dust I remember welt how I waa struck wita the scientific economy of cremation as against burial in my first visit to one of theUolum baria or heathen sepulchres. I knocked at a doorway in a vineyard on the Appian Way. and after waiting for an inter minable time the door w*s opened by an ugly old woman. She divined what I wanted, and in silence led me up through the vines for some two hundred yards. Bvery part of that garden was strewn with antiques. Tumbled in a heap I saw a number of exquisite piece* of sniaUatataes. enough to make tne fortune of an Australian museum. I looked upon the head less body of a boy carved in white marble, and I remember how I broke the tenth eommand maafc. The old crone opened a door in a low modern shed of buck and galvanised iron, motioned to me to enter,' and stood to watch. I went in and found myself peering down into the most curious chamber lever beheld. This room was about *> feet square and &> deep. A narrow, steep, and ancient flight of steps led down fc? the floor. I went down and looked ■round on a must extraordinary sight. Every wall is pierced with pigeon-holes iu rows oue. above another. These notes ar* about a foot dtep, straight below, and semicircular above. In mom of thaw recedes wer? vases or nrns containing the ashes of the dead, bat au?t of them had two small holes La them which would hold a quart jar, each of which waa enough for one. gravo, and a small loose earthenware lid Uf on the hole. Toe old woman left me to myself in that curious dungeon of the dead. If I had been n*rvoa« I might have «pynUhMi on whas would have been the effect if she had looked the door, ao eording to some of tho stories I have heard, bat I was tjo inquisitive to bj nervous. I read ■ome of the inscriptions which are ont into small marble slabs placed over each noes*. I lifisd up one or two of the lids for eariosity's nka, and took up a handful of the doss of some •Id Roman or oth«r, but soon pat it back. I looked* into othora,-snd tiiey. weraampty. thoagh I coald not think what motive for theft ejuld operate in snoh a cemetery where the haunting ghosts may truly say— ** Don't g) to weep upon my pave, And think that there I be, They haven't left au atom there Of my aaatomie." f noticed one whole row devoted to a company >f musicians, the " Philharmonic Society" of a foregone day, or the " Komaa Musical Union." Fhere waa nothing then to distinguish bass From tenor or to mark the position of the pnma ionna over her sisterhood; but the leader or sondnctor had a place all t> himself, as thoogb lie would fain carry his baton with him to the aext world and teach the resurgent choir to awaken the sleepy ghosts of Hades with the renewal of earthly malady. Human nature I ibserved to have been somewhat like what it is to-day. As witness two monuments—ooa to a Roman lady. an. old maid of course, or a jovmg girl of flve-and-nfty, and one to her pet lap dog. She had actually gone to the expense of burning her poodle when he died of mange or overfeeding, and patang his ashes in a jar, and getting an insoriptioa carved over Uteruohe, in which she calls her dog her dtlicium —her darling. I became arithmetical, and began to count these graves. I made a rough calculation, and found that there were eleven rows on eacn wall, nine niches in each row, each uiobe containing two jars, and two rowa arranged as a skirting, and there suit came ont 90S, or subtracting two for the little dog, for he had a niche all to himself, BOd mare or lea*. If economy of apace were to decide the matter, I Uioagnt as I cams out, bn tween the undettakers and the cremationiats of our day, there is no doubt how the matter, would end. All London might be> buried in ? few aeres on thia plan, and alt Adelaide in half a down larga collar*. But whether rightly or no the Christis—didaot like tab aaodauf disposing at the dead' an A kept to the old method of burial. In doing thia they were not transgressing either law or precedent or custom, but simply the city fashion among the better classes; and their habit of interment might mark them off as old fashioned and vulgar. I speak of fashion aa the motive which prompted to this novel castes*, and that it was nothing else is proved by the exiatenoa ia the near neighborhood of these nojlnmhariaw of vast pita where tho bodies of slaves med to ba thrown ia peU-tneil. and salted with lime to assist desay. One other matter we must note before we visit tae Catacomb* themselves; and that is tae peculiar geological formation of the country around Home. The oitj lie* in the centra of a wide plain of volcanic rock aad sand. The sand ia famous all'over the world, beearue it makes the beat building oement that exiata. It lies nearest the surface, and though I call it sand it ia really a soft porous rock, with harder rook beneath it. Numerous quarries and sand-pita are to be found all around the city, and these sand-pits are often fonad running into twist*! passages aa the excavators followed the softer vsius of possularia. It ia sometimes said that toe Oataaonfos are nothing on* deserted aandpite used ever again aa bury ing-piaoes and larking dent, out no one visiting than can for a, moment confound thorn. Tne catacombs often open, out of sandpit*, which nalned greater to oonaeal their entrances, bat in awe,' style, method, and arrange ment they are peculiar to themselves. They were commenced as nnderg-oundOtirtisi ai? nnmntarins and nothing else. They are the ex pression of the Christian mind against the Pagan ideaa ot death, and the Kpioureaa doo triue of iroiM^atiftn * * Of these curious cemeteries there are no fewer than sixty within three mile* of the city, and I purpose to take yoe. to one or two of them, and in so doing to make ear visit as interesting as possible; and first let us go to the catacomb of St. Sebastian. ", Oar road lies along the Appiaa' Way, and aa we ■are in Hosbo we must not mind having to walk or drive through six inches of das*. -We do not stop to note anything on the at?y<tiU.at last we come after about two mile* to a plain modern ised church, with a* prntrnilnns either to sise or splendor. We enter and Jook around. The ehiaf altar of the church is ft-small ohspdon the left, and that at once attracts as, for beaeath the altar is a statue, which when once seen, ia not easily forgotten It -represent* a. neble young man lying en his aide eXhsnated yet sdll living, pierced through and through with nume rous arrows. That statue told minutely a tale of heroism and martyrdont, and oar guide- books informed as that the actual remains of the youth are in an urn under th,e altar, and that in the catacombs beta w ba was once, interred. When I visited thjs church my companions were a learned Scotch minister of Jntensaty Pro testant sympathies, and two young men with whom be was travelling as a guardian. I re member how he looked at the atatne and ?aid tome—"Who ia this St. Sebastian? Iseohia pictures everywhere in Italy. In every gallery, in every city, there are two or three'of them with I every variatyot treatment; there he is before us, a stroor young'man, graceful as Apollo, seraphin as Stephen, with those barbarous arrows sticking in his arms and legs. Tney are among the aao«t repulsive yet the most attractive of all the favorite pictures of Italy." My friend was more learned in the stories of the Seoteh Covenanter* than in the Intend* ef Bone, bat when be learned the story he was deeply interested. lam afraid to tell you more than the barest outbne.but while tlje moqk 1 has gone away to get some candles I will au your attention. ' '. ' Sebastian was a nobje Roman who flourished at the end Qf the third1 century. He was a captain ia the Pn^tetiaa gasra, and was een verted in early life to OhrUtiaaity. He has left anaatefor that happy union of bravery with gentleness whiah marks fie true hero. He rose: high fa Imperial favor, tat everybody admired bun. He was a" saint raOfsjtfs household," and as such waa ready to use his sword in the service of his oountry and to work for ilia heavenly Master as well. At las*, in the fia?laTb«J ferrule poraa oation under Diocletian, he was 'arrested, and waa seatenff?d to die. The co-^mperor, the ferocious' Maxtmin, was sorry to 'lose such an officer, aad- sent for Mm to remonstrate with" him privately about he waspieaaed tooail I Us treachery. "Have I not honored thea above all uy oftioarif Why hast then dis obeyed my commandments and insulted my Gods?" SebartMw, nnahashed, replied with more boldness than prudence, "O, C;i-«r, I have ever prayed ia the name of Jesns Christ for thy prosperity. I have been true* to thy service. Bat as for the gods which thou wouldst have me worship they are bat demon* or at best bat idols of wood and •tone." This reply made the Broperor furious. All his favor turned into gall. Ue raged and swore and called for a certain heathen African named Hylas, who had command of a band of Mauritaniaa archers. This man is reported to have been a monster of cruelty, a man who bad not religion enough to worship the gods of Borne. To him the Emperor said, " Seest thou the captain Sebastian? -Thou m«yst have some sport to-morrow. Take him and bind him, and at early dawn lead, him out and shoot at him with arrows, and let thy fellows show thy skill by putting aa many arrows into him as can be without killing him. Sea that thou have nobungle* or no man of mercy among thy bowman, who by chance or design should send a shut into his heart or into his brain. Sine* he-wishes it let him tast^deasnv* Andso Sebastian was taken away, and the next day at dusk, with no friend near him, with no Christian brother to note bis behavior and to cheer him. he was led frooa toe oeO of the barracks .in wfaieh he had lived aa captaia into a grove, just under the palace of the Omars, called {he Harden of Adonis, and there, lashed to a tree, was made a target for the Nuiuidian archers. Far loos they plied their fiendish sport; bat with such skill that not one arrow pierced hia body so as to give him the liberty of dying. Some of the legends teUus that there waa a com pany of angels hovering about, and that they came near and plucked with gentle hands the cruel arrows oat of his quivering frame anil healed his wounds, and theu touched him and laid him to sleep; and the archers thought him dead and left him. a noble Oaristian lady, named Irene, who had been near with some attendants, came and took the body away that they might bury it with saintly honor in the Oataeombs. To her surprise and Joy, it was found he did bus swoon. She nursed him like a little child day and night. They prayed together, and many of the people came and saw him that like another Luann had been raised from the dead. Then, said hi* friends. " Holy Sebastian, fly from Kcimo like the blessed virgin fled froji Herod." Bat Sebastian slid, **Wo; this is no time to hide myself. I have been, too near -my orowa to-be afraid say more. I will stand forth more bjIJIy for the faith I profess." And a* soon as ho was strong enough he went forth toward the palace and stood before the gate near by where ha was shot at, and where he knew the Emperor would come out on hi* way to the capital. And when he saw the emperor be called to him in the name of Jesiu. Tha emperor started; ho shook with fear. lor he deemed Sebastian dead,and this vision of toe hero waa pale and thin, and not at all Bite the form of the strong young soldier. u Art thou even Sebastian, if" said its.?l am Sebastian, w horn the lord hath daliserad oat of thy hind* that I might again testify before thee to the faith of Jesus and plead for his servant*." The Bmperor lost his fear and hu ouriosity in hia rase. He wasa*t?iished at tbe bbldnes* cf this saaa. Ha ordered his guards-there and then, to seixe him, take him away, lead him to the Colosseum, aa.l there beat him to dVata with club*, and throw fan body '"to thd Ctoac* Maxima. Thus he died doubly a martyr, and whea his body ni recovered, for it w?* re oovered.it was buried ia die Qataco nbs in the Appiaa "Way, and gave hit name to the churcii which was built there and to that enriro ceme tery. If any one wishes for further information, whether, getmiaa or romantic eonceruing Sebas* tian, he may find it is Cardinal Wiseman'* story of KabioU. to which I am indebted tor maay of the particulars t have narrated. This story, which is one of many of tli? beautiful legends of suffering heroism which have eoaie down to u* from those terrible times, may serve to illustrate at once the spirit wniob actuated the Christiana, the care they tookr of their dead, and ho* arouad one famous grave others olustered ia time, until thsre was formed an underground city of the dead. 