OUR MELBOUBNE LETTER \- •: (HiOJl OUR OV,'S 'CORRESPONDENT')' - ; Since wnHng my last letter I have had some opportunity of conversing with leadmg^politicians upon tlie -.effect and lieiiifii cance of Sir Michael Hieks Beach's reply' to Mr Graham Beiiy's request. The Con sei vatives rely to a great extent upon the" phraseology used, atlfl point out that it is' not nidicated by the Secretaiy of State' that he will submit to the' Imperial Par- ; liament the Reform' Bill : of Mr Berrv' but a Refoim Bill They interpret this /to mean that the Secretary will simply take a middle course, and. place before *lio British Parliament a measure" of his pwn" which will meet the Assembly and' G'ouhcil half way, a course which would raiso a storm of opposition in ''Victbria 'The Conservative party se.sm to think that the struggles, which must take place over tbe : question, must lead to the deposition t>f the Berry Ministry, and that is great' comfort: to them. But lf.' we 'talca ' the 4 history of the M'Culloeh Government ih its . struggle . with - the Council; "w« can hardly draw the conclusion that tho Berry Ministry will not be equally lucky The' .Liberals are half satisfied with'Sir Michael' Hicks-Beach's reply,- but da not seem -to care much for the :turmoil and :excitement jfchat must ensue. Some of them seem'to tlnnk that if the general.election Is very decidedly m favour of reform] tho Council will giveaway, but the more'farseeing are utterly against that: view: .: They argiiej and I tlnnk .with great force, that Wife' Council,-knowing how Conservative the House of Commons is, will deem it almost certain that: any. measure originated by ; the Victorian .Liberals .will be thrown out 1 there—at least the best fight, can be made' in ;that place. The Liberal partyj too, are, greatly troubled about tlie Catholic vote, and, the attitude of the <parfcy which is now-, being organised to fight out the elections on the alterations of the Education-Act, in the .direction indicated by Bishop Moorhouse. , Ministerial move- ' ments have not been of .great importance this week, though some attention has been devoted to Majoi Smith's speech next Friday which has been already reviewed and discussed Next to Ministerial matters, and perhaps e^n more important, are the steps now being taken to arrange candidates fpr the : next election. Already in every direction! these arrangements arc:being : settled. I will give a few, of these,—for to run over all; at once would be like Dogberry, ; " tedious." • East Bourko Boroughs, now occupied by Mr Cftok, ,is threatened with a shoal of candidates. Mr M'Lellan, Mr^ Wrixon and Mr Joseph , Geary, an able' journalist connected .with the evening; paper, are mentioned m addition to the old candidate. Mr Vale la certain to run for CoUmgwoodj and , we may be sure he wiU'displace Mr- Mirams or Mr Lang-' ridge, most- likely the, former. It may be, however, that as Mr Vale and Mr Mirams are teetotallers, the former.may elect.to go for JEitzroy, incase of which he is sure to diaplaoo Mr Mac-1 gregor, who, it is said, will; at all events, ; lose his plaoe. Mr. A. ,Smith is lost to East Melbourne, but Mr Zox is certain of his seat. Who will fight -Mr-Smith-is unknown at present. Rodney- will be bitterly contested. - Mr. Fraser is not hkely to stand again, and men who know, tell me that Mr Gillies has not the ghost of a show Mandurang will have severalcandidates, Mr D C. -Steny, mayor of Sandhurst, bems? the most likely new candidate Some people say Mr M'Lean will be the Opposition candidate for: Ararat. . West Bourke, so famous now, ' will be restricted to a fight between.the sitting members, Messrs Cameron and Deakm, ^nd Messis Harper and Hsaley, the; latter being in .favour of religious eduoation The principal feature of the, next election -will, in my opinion, be a, weeding out of the members who have not displayed some power in the House, as the constituencies show a tendency jn favour of being reprssented by able speakers To close the list, X may say that Mr James M'Kean is oil the warpath for Woith Gippsland, and feels pretty certain that he will thrust out one cf its members. Which' Cheerful, 30vial P. i. Smyth or the astute Speaker' Most likely the latter, as he has been precluded from working for his constituents I cannot but pay a posing tribute to: the memory of & gentleman, to whom I awe many obligations, and who was to some extent my preceptor in press work, as lie was of many another man—I refer to Mr J. C Palerson, once sub editor oftlie Atgus and the Austi alasmii, the man indeed who modelled that now larg«, influential, and profitable newspaper. Mr Paterson was one of thope men whose hearts are too large for then; bodies. If he could do'a had act he would do it at any' cost His easy disposition and utter incapacity to give pain often made,him ac cept contribution3,and :keep menonliia staff, which^iad he beenliard hearted, his judgment would lave rejected t>x tlwmissed This large Heartednsssandigood' fellowship led him into habits into which press men are'greatl inclined o fail, the temptation "being so great Men on,the pre espec all in such important ^osi tion as Mr Taterson, are conWuall ! pressed to drink "by those, -and the^ are many Ao want to curry |favor Wopl4 it not 1)8 better for suoh men to offer monsyj Mr Paterspn Vleavp tie Ami some, j.ears aso,'but lie was snit i abV complimented "b the «mplo es. ^who j loved him .He edittv h afierwai.ls for a little While atfd then -went to New' Zealand ?0 his return he became editor iof two newly ptirtcd paptis, the Tovn "rd Co inil.I and Ihe f xvrt n. When th sp i— -vr ^ -r, i editi om, Solan Town Mercmy, but fate was against him, and he came back to Ins old fi "1*° n £ th , &t he wa s._shnt oiit and PrT„ eD The 1® ers of the Melbourne Press knew not Joseph. Brokea hearted f™ ^y to his enemy, and as a last' resource went off to New Zealand, to die there a lunatic « The pity of lt) the pity w, V „ 3e wUl , be best remembered by bpectatoj which have never been equalled an the colonies, and somewhat resembled U A. Salas delightful contributions I have taken the liberty to -jmte at this length on a subject which may not be-.generally.iinteresting, because I am disgusted to find that of all the number.ho befriended, whp once licked his hand, not -one of tliemis so poor as to do him honor Peace be to his asliea His memory will long be green in many a heart It has bpen ascertained by the Closed lioads Commission that over 100 000' acres.of closed xoads.exist, and that tlieseroads would lease at an average of 7s per acre, ,3s Gd being the lowest rentals menhoned. , At. 7s per acre the revenue would be £35,000. As an equal amount of' reserves ia fenced III, and not half the closed roads are-yet known, it may reasonably be supposed the roads and reserves frould lease at over £100,000. There is a nice sum to, add to the revenue of the shires There, is a certain banker who- is an -enthusiast with.respect to phrenology, indeed;. it is almost a: mama with him He .carries .its. practice.: with . his every-day' ibusmess, and into his family circle In regard .to,the latter, lie has drawn charts of the bumps of his Household, from liis eldest son and daughter down to the liitle' •nurse maid'.-;- The other-day a friend sent a :lad to the bank, with the object of getting hint employment of some. kind. After .a few questions, the phenologist called the boy. to his side and, producing a pair of compasses, began carefully to measure the width and height of the forehead, the different " bumps'' of the skull and other particulars of the art, all of which le jotted down on a slip of paper. At the ooncluBion he wrote a short note,' which he handed to the lad, and which ran thus :—"I have made a complete phrenological chart of your protegi's head, and could not conscientiously employ him in eur bank: I find the bump of acquisitiveness so large that I should be afraid •to place-him in the way of temptation, or -within reach of large sums of compara-. tively unguarded gold. " His friend wrote back to ask if he expected him to flatten out the boys bumps with a sledge hammer, and their friendship ended. • - Some time ago, it wdl be remembered, •news was-received from India of the engagement of Mr Brough Smyth, so unfavourably known m this colony, to survey and report upon tlie goldfields said to exiBt .in some parts. A friend of mine, who-has an extensive knowledge of the •whole.of. India, informs me that he well knows the spot where • the precious metal .is: said to be. For some time gold haa been found at the Wynaad, but the expense of working has been so great that the; enterprise has had to be abandoned. Mr: Smyth is now m the Neilgherries, where .also^payable reefs are reported. The principal obstacle is the dearth of labour. The natives have a horror of descending the shafts. They are very superstitious, and .believe that if left alone for a.short tune m one of the deep claims they would- most certainly be favoured with a personal interview with lus Satanic Majesty. On one occasion tins superstitious fear was carried to such an extent that a man was one day brought into the manager's bungalow perfectly paralysed with fright. The man died ill a few hours, but just before he expired regained the use of his tongue, and assured those around him that he had seen a many-headed demon in a corner of the shaft. However, I don't suppose these things will have any weight with Mr Smyth, and I .believe he is in negotiation with a .party of experienced : miners in Australia to go out to: the scenp of operations in the Neilgherries. 