NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events :—Meeting of committee of Agricultural and Pastoral Society, Craig’s hotel, 11 a.m.; Major Smith at Sebastopol; meeting re Bun garee Ploughing Match, Maher’s hotel, 2 p.m. Foot- ball— Ballarafv Maryborough,"Saxon paddock'; City v Ballarat Imperial, second twenties!,/Western Oral; Yarrbwee, y-Pride of the Lake,’ Greene’s paddock;' Albion Imperial v Buninyong, at Buninyong. To-morrow’s religious serviced:— Christ Church Pro-Cathedral—Morning prayers;.-forenoon, ordina tion service, the’ bishop to' preach;.evening, Rev. W. Kildahl. St. John’s Church, Peel street—Lecture, “Story, .of the.Reformation,’’ evening, Rev. J, W.‘ Inglia. . Holy Trinity Church, Sebastopol—Afternoon service. , : “ Lord! Byron’s Challenge 'Accepted,” .forenoon,-Rev. John j Thomson. St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill—Confirmation ser vice, address,by the, bishop; evening, Rev.; Geo. T. .Geer. •, ■/;' ' The following notification respecting postal packets has been' published:— , ‘lt Eaying.' been'found that notices, circulars, &c.;, ’ partly printed/ and partly .written,.are frequently posted open and' bearing only a penny .postage stamp, the Beiders': being .apparently under- the impression that such .documents may be forwarded’ as' packets, the - attention r.of the public is' requested.to the regulations, which direct that no packet'inay contain ‘ any letter,’nor any communica . tion (.of the nature of ; a letter/ whether' separate or otherwise, unless the. whole of :suet;letter, or com munication ba printed.’ , An invoice or trade account may be sent as a packet, provided nothing, whatever in the nature of a communication is added thereto. Attention ; is also called to the; condition : which re quires every packet to be without a Cover, or in a cover entirely open at one or both of the ends or one or bdth'Of the-sides,-so as to admit of the contents being easily withdrawn for examination-.-:' In all cases . where the regulations are not complied with the letter rate is tchargeable, and. double' the deficient postage ' 1 will’be collected on delivery.”. . . //. ’ The. Hon? Major Smith made a Ministerial deliver ance oh.'educational matters at the: opening of the Bloomfield Gully State school on-.Friday,'in which'he' intimated Th'at it; was’intended to classify teachers according to merit and seniority, by which test all future promotions, were to be settled,'and that an affiliation would shortly be brought about between the. Ballarat and. Sandhurst 1 -School" of 'Mines and the Technological destitution on-the'one .side and the State schools on the other. A fullreport.of the speech appears elsewhere. The -Water Commission held a long meeting on. Friday night,-and . in birr-report, of the proceedings ' .wilT.be. -found the- law committee’s report, . During the meeting Or Brophy said that a gentleman' had un dertaken to bring the. waters of ,the Mobrabool into the commission’s reservoirs for £5OOO, and he gave notice of motion for the engineer to bring up a report upon the matter. ' Cr Robertson took occasion at the of the Water Commission,bn Friday night to announce that, the statements which have been made that the Town - Council was."opposed to the beautifying of the lake were the "vilest slanders, and he was sure that the council would always support in a legitimate /way the improvements in that neighborhood! ' \- A deputation from the Bangareeahire Cpuncil waited "upon the Water Commission on Friday, night, and was. heard in committee. The request of thS deputation was,.for.the.commission .to pay the rates ’due oh-its .property in /the shire/And tbough.no cheque was passed' for the amount,: we 'Understand that the. deputation was.satisfied with its reception. 1 - - ..! Wa should like some corroborative evidence of the.- statements--in - “ Hose-reel’s’’- letter, .or! at least his real name’signed for publication, as the charges which he'makes are very, serious. ; ' ' ■'' ; It would be interesting to know-what! net returns;, the Queenscliff arid- Portland fishermen "received for the consignments of fish sent to the 3 various up .country.markets, on Thursday.. As is usual,du.order to .provide for Friday’s demand, a very large quantity of ...sea "produce,/arrived id' Ballarat on Thnrs 'day night,' and there . , was great,. demand, and Consequently' keen - competition .noticeable at the" market. 'One . fish "salesman informs ua that prices realised were, in most cases, alto gether too high to allo w of the retailers doing business;. The commonest fish-brought'4d ’per lb wholesale, while prices for batter varieties ranged as High’.as 7d' arid 8d per lb. These - prices, of course, prevent' l the' retailers from supplying; the' puhlio'with fish at,any; thing like, a reasonable rate,*and should, with the cost of carriage,, agency, and ao forth being taken into consideration,';Tcturn.the “toilers of..the sea”"a'Hand-’ spme reward for- their labors.- ::t . , , ' The .SeratdZ states ! that ! it 1 is. /[twenty years since there was a run on a Melbourne bank. : niiA -".A man named .Charles..Triokatt, a [tailor, was. arrested by the city poUpa"on..Friday,on a charge of soliciting alms in tbe -streata. It Isa' matter of wonder' that with’the number of:-mendicants we have in the outskirts of the city charges of-thia kind ara.npt mpro, frequent. Begging in the vicinity of Ballarat.north is becoming a, spiirce of nuisance’to residents in that part of the city. V ! Mr; John Robson, tha talonted elooutioniat, !haa kindly consented to give an entertainment';. in’ the Mechanics’ Institute atEgertondn. the; 4 th-proximo, in aid of the local Anglican Church of St. John’si' The monthly meeting of the Town Mission Com mittee was held in Sutnmerscales’ Art Gallery oh’ Friday evening, when there were present—Mr David Ham (in the chair), and'Messls Wm. Cooke, J. S. Kelly, J. Whitehead, J. SummersoalesJ S.' -Boulton,, J, Alexander, and M. Hosting. : The report mfmissiori work for the morith' was" read by the mis sionary, showing 47 services and meetings held, 88' visits, made in domestic visitation. The<sum of £l4 7s had b’edn'bontributed-specially for the poor fund#: and £l4 16s had been distributed in relieving really necessitous cases. Arrangements were made for the mission anniversary, to be held on the 2>th and SOth June, Mr Whitehead having some time ago severed his connection with the Mission Sabbath-school, the teachm^nd-ebhblim^^irough l their superintendent, ■Mr him with a writing de&gaa; a imemratd o£..theirr»ppreciation of hia past valuable The following is a”roturh of the electors for Ballarat West division of theßallarat West electorate in June, imentary, 252; total, 4685. June, 1878—Ratepayers, 3736- 1 general roll, 1249; supplementary, 15; total, We have'- received ethe ifirstmumber of the' new ' ** liberaL 1 ’ comic journal,-whioh-is called Sam Slid, not, wo think, a very taking name. The illustrations are , lithographed/and are very good asfar aadrawing and lithography are concerned. The chief one is a hit at_ the police, showing-how they do not catch the Kelly gang. Mr Berry is duly belauded, and the Melbourne Oppositionpqpers 'denonncedy.’amongst which Bunch comes in for a rather large share of strong language.,' Thera is considerably more abuse than fun in .this firat number, but as the new. periodical is intended to be'anantidbte to ''JPundh this cab scarcely be regarded as unexpected.,,.,, ...f.j,,.. 1 New regulations relating to the employment of ’ lelSgraph messengers, latter-carriers,' stampers, sorters, female - assistants, liner -repairers, &cf;,'’have been ap-"j proved by the Governor in Council. i The usual fortnightly meeting of the Dawson street 1 Mutual Improvement 1 Society was held last Thursday evening. Five candidates were elected and four were proposed. On account of the absence from Billarat” of the essayist, the-paper on the “ Structure of flame"; was postponed till next meeting. Readings and reci tations pveragiven the members. . | Our " Smythesdale' ‘ correspondent Writes; j-“ Cr Buchanan, is always jealous for the. interests of hia constituents at Haddon. Thera is a capital water-supply in the locality, provided by the 1 council, which is to be carried to everyone’s door by means of pipes; 7but then’:tfaere:ia of gum leaves floating on the water, and the worthy councillor is desirous'of-having them’removed, as ha is greatly in doubt of the dietic qualities of the decoction, and its astringent effects bnthe inhabitants of the) town ship, and wishes the dam purified before the pipes are Taid’dbwn.~Gouncillors generally- ‘smoled a smile,’ and; concluded thatastbe dams in theßullarook Forest were encompassed with, the eucalypti, the leaves from which must find their way into the reservoirs, and that -the .people of .Ballarat had not discovered any bad,effects ’■from'partaking of -the liquid in a fSriety of -forms, therefore the hypothesis of the worthy was groundless, and allowed the question to stand over for the present.” ■ .T-fOf New accounts for the undermentioned persona are lying at the Sub-Treasury, Smythesdale:—B. Ken nedy,■ ETlJenagh,' P."A; M'.Oormack, and J. Woods. The funeral of the late Mi-Mames Stevenson, district mining surveyor, on Wednesday, was (says the 1 ’ Creswick Adveitiser) .very numerously attended. The cortege moved from his lata residence. Church Hill,, shortly after 3 o’clock. The members of the Brigade, amongst^whom, ,were r visitors Bal larat and Cluties'brigades,. the Hospital 'Committee, and.-thaMasonsfrom, Ballarat, dunes, and Talbot, as : well as from thelbcalTodge', b£ ( all'of which bodies the deceased was a member, walked in front of the hearse, the members of the family, with friends, in about' thirty carriages, besides horsemen, following. At the grave the funeral service was very impressively per -formed by the Revs. C v Robinson; 8.A., and J. B;’ .Steel, and the boauti£ai’jervice;6£ -the'Masonic order was very feelingly read by the W.M., Mr A.' Wilson. The ilf. A. Mail says:—“ The diamond drill rods at ■CampbellVCreekohaveiA since; Saturday, been under •the-force of:screw-jacks, which exercise a.power equi valent to lifting 30; tons, Jr , They; have moyed, the rods: perceptibly, and lifted them about”lo inches.,,, Mr, Griscom has better hopes than he bad at first of re-' covering them.” ' j • ■‘The barque which, lies ijstranlied ;on . Ninety-mile Beach, was offered for sale by auction on Thursday by Messrs Lord and Hughes. There being no competition I ,’the wreck was knocked down to the underwriters tor £lOO, with all tackle, apparel, and _ ■ l TbeWdngaraita Dispatch says:-rl‘A!n old bushman expressed an opinion last week in Wangaratta that the Kellys were not five miles away from known as Derby’s Flat, where they at one time dug for gold. He also stated that the country was of that character that men acquainted with it could hide: away solas to'render it'almost impossible to find them. The locality alluded to is that from' which the party under the command of Mr Superintendent FurneU lately returned. ; It: would seem that the Kellys'havb been given even to small kinds of depredations for some time past. Long before the police were shot l tho buih'maa;to;whom;_we.arfi alluding -was located on this flat, and erected a substantial hut upo'h it. Whilst \- he and his mate were out it is supposed that Dan Kelly_ and some associates cleared the provisions. This was” bad. enough, ,but subsequently they returned,and look, away a favorite kangaroo dbg belonging to the' ‘hush man. He heard it was at Mrs Kelly’s house, between BenaUtwand-Winton.... Being,an .old soldier, he packed his swag and in it put a lOaded revolver-. 1 He wbht to the residence of the Kellys, where, sure enough, he found his dbg. ‘Mrs’ Kelly only was at home, who j claimed the, dog on behalf of Dan. Nevertheless, the owner took possession' of ii, and unpacking his swag, produced his revolver, stating if there was anyone who wished‘to dispute his right he was prepared to receive them., ,He was allowed to take his dog away, Atjthis time Edward Kelly was at work at a saw-mill at Corowa.” On Thursday night the Brothers Lynch, Mr: Yetted, and-,Mr (Warde, gave,a bell-ringing and varied enter tainment in’the'Egerton Mechanics’ Institute. The .whole -affair .was, a great success,. r the houae 'being crowded, and the'audience ! so "appreciative ■ that' another entertainment, with a change of programme, was announced'fbf Friday night. Advertiser , “ Nothing fresh 1 hai transpired during the past'fewdaysThat would tend to throw any light upon the mysterious murder at the Green Hills. The’ police and detectives have/.been; actively engaged in prosecuting enquiries,'but up to the present have hot -been hble tO'bßteih'evidenoe'JtHat would connect 1 anyonsTvith the: crime.” That “ one man in hia time plays many parts,” no one who haadived-in a colony like Victoria will doubt, but (says the Qcclong Advertiser•) it is not everyone wHb cahl'bbksbof carrying ;on simultaneously such a variety of dissimilar occupations as is tho case with ianj-'applicant! for land- at the local land board'-on Thursday. This individual stated J that hewaa ;: a farmer, fencer, duckshooter, and musician. Bishop Thornton will preach an ordination sermon in Christ Church on Sunday next, at 11 o’clock ser-' vice, and-the Rev. William Kildahl will 1 preach * f at ! evening service. ; •'There will be "a .confirmation service at St. John’s Church, Soldiers'Hill, to'-inorrow afternoon, at which, the'Right Rev; Dr.Thorntoh) will deliver an address. The Rev, Geo. T.. Geer _ will preach at the'evening service;'!-'' 13 Mr D’Arqy Read-with his staff of assistants are very busy at the AlfreH-hall making preparations for the ghost/’-“tb appear -there-on: Monday evening 'next, 1 \--.the ;9th inat.- The stage is in, readiness, ah'd’bthe'r matters are progressing satisfactorily. iTjw programme' for the opening riignt'appears this morning in another’ 'cblumn’., ! lt;is certainly a; novel and,attractive one, and should draw a large audience, 'es'pecially as the charge for admission-is’very low. Children with their parents will'be'admitted at half price, and' a liberal allowance made’for'schools, as there will not be an afternoon performance. In our Monday’s issue we .'shall/notice the privatefexhibitipn which is to be given, this evening, the admission being by invitation only; 1 Mr L. Josephs, of Bridge street, announces the re ceipt of a-large supply-of fish.-;!,- ; ~ - 