FICTION. From Engllih, American, and o flier Ferlodloalif Who Was Guilty? CHAPTER XL.-(Continued.') " I know nothing of that lady, or of her family my lord," he said. " The boy Singleton has no rela- tives in England, and his father is quite of an in- ferior station. Perhaps your lordship will be good enough to order a servant to bring the child to me at once. Here IB big guardian, Mrs. Singleton's, let- ter, desiring that he may be given into my charge. Lord Crehylls took the letter in his helpless hands and turned it over and over. I assure you," he said, "Lady Crehylls never an. ticipatsd your coming hither for the child, and I doubt if she would have jielded him into your hands. A spasm passed ever his face as he mentioned his wife's name, Brd for a moment his* voice was choked, then he went on iii a clearer voice : " I have no doubt she knew all about the boy, of she would not haie taken him in »s she did. I never ask»d her anything ; I left all tbirgsto her! but I certainly understood it was her intention to send bim on to Penbivel i« a few day?, when he had rested, and therefore I naturally concluded he was in some way connected with the Lanycns. And and-with your permission, I should prefer carry- ing out my poor wifes wishes; then, if Lady Cre bylls of Penkivel chooFes to give the child into your charge, I shall have nothing to say against it." Lord Crehylls continued to twist the letter be- tween his fingers i>s he spoke, while all the grief sud agitation be repressed showed so plainly on his pale face, that any other man except Mr. Whal- ley would have pitied bim. " Considering that I have Mrs, Singleton's express commands to take her ward back to my school at Exeter," observed the tcbcolmaster, "I do not see how I can possibly accede to your lordship's re quest, as it appears to me the journey to Penkivel would be useless expense and trouble. I can assure you, my Lord, on my own certain knowledge, Lady Crehylls has not the shadow of a claim to interfere between Mrs, fingleton and her ward, the boy being in no way, either related or known to the Lanyons." The utterance of this name seemed to scorch Mr, Whalley like the seariug of a red-hot iron, for MB face burst into a perspiration as he spoke it, and he wiped his brow with a shaking hand. Lord Crehylls, however, did not notice him; his thoughts were with his dead wife-with her whose watchful love had, even to the last day of her life, taken all trouble from off his helpless hands. " I cannot express to you," he said, " how obliged I shall feel if you will, nevertheless, let the boy go to Penkivel, Lady Crehylls wished it, and I am .ure you can understand how much any wish of tere-" He broke down here, then recovered himself laying his hand feebly upon bis book, and going on in a lower voice-" any wish of hers must weigh with me now. And although you assure me , there is no relationship between the little Singleton and the Lanyon family, I am inclined to think there must be some strong friendship or other tie between % his family and hers, otherwise-" flfe " Your lordship is mistaken," interrupted Mr. If Whalley. "Mrs, Singleton would have told meso . j had such been the case." j "But therecan be no objectoin to the child's going .'to Penkivel," persisted Lord Crehylls. " The jour .^aey shall be no expense or trouble to you, I will giye orders to have a carriage got ready, and my tvrivcA shall drive you and the boy down there to- gether." " My lord, you are very good," said Mr. Whalley, wiping the perspiration again from his face, " and I am grieved I cannot accept your proposition but Mrs. Singleton'« letter expressly forbids it. If you will take the trouble to read her words you will see they «re very peremptory." Again Lord Crehylls twisted the letter in his fin- gers, and at length exerted himself to read the few lharp ines in which Mrs. Singleton desired that her rinaway brother and ward, if he bad taken refuge at Crehylls should be delivered up to his ichoolmaster Mr. Whalley. The decisive tone of the letter conquered the dreamy bookworm to whom it was addressed, Poor Lord Crehylls ! Had he lived to these days on eit aminations he would certainly have passed for any* thing and everything ; but he had not a single | quality by which the battle of life can be fought or i tren. j ?-?-SIS " I certainly wished,'' he said, wakty yj&y; j caa point, to send the child toPo"v' guardians desire o}lvbYd¡" said Mr Whalley. Wil interferaf'ins' to ring and desire tint the boy may Lo Drought to me ?" But when this was done and the servant had re- ceived his orders there followed a long pause during which Lord Crehylls dived into the thickest metaphysics emerging with a great effort to be courteous to the schoolmaster, thoa plungiag again, and thus or a few happy minutes dulling nts mind to the pain of knowing himself lonely, bereaved, and helpless. The little gentleman is not be found anywhere my lord, "said the serrant appearing at the door with a frightened countenance. At this news Mr. Whalley started up with a face livid with suppressed rage. In any other place, in any other presence, he would have shown himself the fiend he was, but bere he felt obliged to restrain himself. Lord Crehylls closed his book in great annoy- ance. '. Not to be found ?" he exclaimed. " D j you know Grylls for whom I am asking P" " For the young gentleman whom my lady brought home with her, my lord, about a week ago," returned Grylls. " We have searched the house and the gardens, my lord but we can't find him. Mrs. Richards thinks be brs run away again." Mrs. Richards was the nurse. " Send Mrs. Richards and my daughter to me," said Lord Crehylls, "The servants tire all in a conspiracy!" burst forth Mr, Whalley. "They have hidden the boy themselves but they had better take ciru what they are about. I am not a man to be trifled with." During this speech, Grylls, who was an old man gray and bent, fixed his eyes earnestly on Mr. Whalley's hard features, and nn oxpresBion of bewil- derment and fear gradually overspreading his face. Then, without a word, he backed to the door, went out, and closed it softly. "If ghosts walked and talked, I should say he was a ghost," muttered Grylls, RB he crossed the hall ; " but there ! that's nonsense. Buried men don't rise again." ****** Mrs. Richards had been questioned and dismissed. She had cendueted the children to the garden, and left them there ; the little boy she bad not seen since. Miss Lydia had returned to the house alone. This was the substance of her evidence, "Then,my pretty little miss," siid Mr. Whalley, in his most fawning tone, " you know all about it, don't yaup You'll tell me where the boy is gone.' " I shall tell nothing," returned Lydia, resolutely. "You are a cruel, wicked man. Alfred has told me so, And I should be wicked too if I helped you to find him." Mr. Whalley tried to smile at this language ; but be failed in the effort, and ground his teeth together to keep down his rage. " Alfred Singleton is a lying, bad boy," he said " and I see ha has made you as naughty as himself.'» " Sir," observed Lord Crehylls, " I prefer to rebuke my daughter myself when she merits it ; and I will question her myself also, if you please." Cringing instantly like a beaten hound, Mr. Whalley «at uneasily on the edge of his chair gnawing his fingers in silence. Then Lord Crehylls in a futile, perplexed way, proceeded to question his little daughter ; but Lydia wos true to her trust, The child who has never beard a word of uukindness, or felt a blow, is fearless aa a lion, and rarely, vory rarely indeed, untruthful. Thus, without any evasion, she continued to answered, in the softest of little flute-like vc ices, that she had promised not to tell; and therefore wondered, with small, dignified surprise, how her father could suppose it possible that she would break her word. Lord Crehylls was puzzled. The chivalry the honor, the truth, and courage that live, or should live, in gentle blood, shone in the brave eyes of his little diiughter, ns pha looked him trustfully in the face ; and he could not force her to belio her nature. Secretly be was proud of her steadfastness and glad that neitDer threats nor promises had shaken it, " I do not see that I can do anything further, sir," he said, turning to Mr. Whalley. " Since my little girl has made a promise. I cannot oblige her to break it." If Mr. Whalley could beve fulfilled his own de- sires at that moment be would have roasted the child at a slow firs till she divulged the truth ; but not being able to glut his cruelty or his rage he could only say, with his face at a white heat, that he considered Miss Crehylls was bound to tell where Alfred Singleton was. "He is my friend," cried the little Lydia, with her cheeks all aflame. " Mamma told me to be his friend; and she told me, too, always to keep a pro- mise. I won't disobey mamma, now she has gone to Heaven. I love mamma, and will always try to obey her while I live ; but I hate wicked men, who kill poor little children as ogres do, and I shall never do anything that they tell me." Her eyes flashing with a generous fire, she con- fronted Mr. Whalley with a bravery which he longed to wrench out of her heart with a cruel hand. But she waB Lord Crehylls' daughter ; she was as far out of his reach as the stars, so he could only cringe again, steadying his nether lip with teeth set firmly OB it, " I perceive, my lord," said he " that this run- away pupil of mine has added falsehood and slan- der to bis other misdeeds. I shall spare him no more. I confess now that he is a thief. He has stolen money and jewels from my house- this was the eause of his flight-and doubtless be has his plunder with him." Ho glanced at Lydia as he spoke, The child re- mained steadfast, but she turned very pale. To her innocence, guarded as it was by an atmosphere of purity, honor, and gentleness, the itea of theft was appalling. Dwelling among a simple people with whom the sin was and is rare, the thought brought a horror with it scarcely comprehensible, perhaps, to a city child, to whoso mind the crime would not bs so dim, so shadowy, so unfamiliar. "You are making a grave accusation, sir," ob- served Lord Crehylls, " Are you prepared to sus- tain it P" " I grieve to say I am, my lord," replied Mr. Whal- ley ¡ " and I grieve further that, in the cause of jus- tice, I feel compelled to seek the nearest magis- trate, and to demand a warrant for the apprehension of Alfred Singleton. I fear, my lord, the officers will search Castle Crehylls." He glanced furtively at the meek dreamer whom | he thus threatened but he, lost in his own grief, tcarcely underrtood him. " Search Castle Crehylls 1" he repeated', " Ah yes, but the servants say they have looked fer the boy everywhere. At any other time, sir, you should be welcome to search with them, but really now when-when Lady Crehylls-" He could not finish the sentence, but looked dreamily out upon the sunny lawn, with a mist of tears rising to his eyes. " Then I take my leave, my lord, understanding that you prohibit any further eearch," said Mr. _^ .»ney, rising ; " and I must of course take my own means to recover the little vtllian who has robbed me," Steadfastly regarding him still, Lydia laid her hand upon her father's arm, and pointed with the other to Mr, Whalley'« face. "He looks like the picture of Crook-backed Richard, who killed the little children in the Tower," she whispered. " Do not believe a word he says, papa ; Alfred is no thief, The man is a thief and a murderer himself; he beat one poor boy to death not long ago." Each word of her childish whisper fell upon Mr, Whalley's ear, withering every semblance of man- hood from out his face. Thus it happened that when Lord Crehylls turned his eyes on him, he saw, aain a mist, a dreadful mask, portraying ab- , ject fear and hatred ; and behind this mask there gleamed upon the dreamy nobleman a face, which vanished ere the sight had time to fix it in the memory. Yet, when Mr. Whalley had bowed him- self to the door, and had departed from the castle with an unspoken curse upon his lips, some shadowy remembrance of that face flitted still before the dreamy eyes of the sorrow-stricken Lord Crehylls. 