The Closing Scene. . * THE following Ia pronounced by tho WESTMISSTEB 1 EEVTKW to be unquestionably the finest American poem ever written : Within the sober realm of leafless treesa The russet year inhaled the dreamy air, Like some tanned reaper, in his hour of ease, When all the fields are lying brown and bare. The gray barns, looking from their hazy hills O'er the dim waters widening in the vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed, all sounds subdued ; The hills seemed further, and the stream sunglow, AB in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter logs, with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, Their banners bright with every martial hue Now Btood like some Bad, beaten host of old, Withdrawn ajar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight ; SThe dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint j And, like a 8tar, slow drowning in the light, The village church vane seemed to pale and faint, The Bentinel cock upon the hill-side crew Crew thrice-and all was stiller than before j Silent, till some replying warder blew His alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm'a tall creBt, Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged young ; And where the oriole hung her swaying nest. By every light wind like a censer Bwung ; Where sung the noisy martins of the eaves, The busy swallows, circling ever near Foreboding, as the rustic mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year ; Where every hird that waked the vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the reaper of the rosy east, AU now was sunless, empty and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail. And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; e pheasant, drumming in the vale, Made echo in the distant cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom upon the bowers ; The spiders moved their thin ßhroud night hy night ; The thistle-down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by-passing noiseless-out of sight. Amid ali this-in this most dreary air, And whore the woodbine shed upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch ; Amid all this the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Flied the swift wheel, and with her joyless mein Sat like a fate, and watched the flying thread. She had known sorrow. He had walked with her, Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen.crust ; And in the dead leaves still she heard the stir Of his thick mantle, trailing in the dust. While yet her cheek was bright with Summer bloom,. Her country summoned and she gave her all ; And twice war bowed to her his sable plume Re-gave the sword to rust upon the wall. THOMAS BUCHANAN READ. 