IMirf.. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. by MRS. E. D. E. N. SOTJTHW ORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," " Self-Made," &c.;, &c.; \- i CHAPTER XXYIII. lady arielle's suitor. His face is dark, but very quiet ; It seems like looking down the dusky mouth Of a great cannon. . —Sterling. The Earl of Altofaire, now over eighty- five years of age, was failing very fast. A vigorous old gentleman up to the time of his wife's last illness, lie had rapidly declined from the day of her departure to the fuller life. . It was with the old earl and countess as with many another aged couple who have lived a long united life — the going of one meant the going of the other. How I dislike that word death as applied to human beings, for whom there is no death, not an instant's interruption .to the eternal life! But since we have no other word for this " orderly step in life," we must use it, though under protestation. The earl was failing fast ; he foresaw the great change at no distant day ; and this foreknowledge, while it cheered him with the hope of a speedy reunion with the loved companion of his earthly pilgrimage, trou bled him with anxiety for the future of his granddaughter, ArieUe, who would be left youthful, inexperienced, unprotected, and exposed to the machinations of 'fortune- hunters. _ He thought if he could only see her mar ried to some worthy gentleman he could " depart in peace." Yaldhmr Desparde had been the man of his first choice. But Yaldimir had aban doned his bride and nearly broken her heart, and was now at the antipodes. And al though his friends still had faith in the fugitive bridegroom, and - thought his strange conduct the result of some grevious misapprehension that could be explained la a personal interview, if only tbey could find him, and although the earl himself, from his long and intimate knowledge of young Desparde, was disposed to take the same view of the ease, yet he was doubtful of the issue, and he waited in painful sus pense to hexrTrom Lord Be audevere, who had sailed for New York in quest of his young cousin and heir. Auotner source of,anxiety was the present condition of Arielle, whose health and fitreugth continued to waste and wane. She W83 losing even her beauty. She was flesh- less and colourless ;ia the plain language of the country people, she was " naught but skin and bone." : She glided about the house like a spirit, always patient, often smiling, though with a smile that was sadder than tears. : There were times when the earl thought that he should see his last descendant depart before him. < At length came a letter, post-marked New York.. . - It. was from; the baron, of course ; and it solvod, or seemed to solve, the whole problem for the earl. ' We will not quote the whole of this letter, One significant paragraph will be sufficient. It becomes my psiuful duty," wrote the baron, " to tell you the whole truth concern- inB Mr. Deeparde. I owe this to you and to jour granddaughter. I did not tell you the whole of the communication that I received om the detective, and that occasioned my vyhge to this city. I did not tell you the worst because I did not believe the worst, I wished to disprove it on my arrival hre ; but to my grief and humiliation, I bavQ not been able to do so ; on the contrary, my discoveries have corroborated the worst part of the report made to me by the agent, and also prove your own just theory of the "!ght of Desparde. You remember you sus pected that the youth had been inveigled into some low love affair of which he was ashamed, ®Qd with the exposure of which he was threatened. And now such seem to be the facts. " He landed in this city, having with him a young woman and infant boy, who seemed o be, and ought to have been, his wife and South Ttl6y Weat toSetlier Awards the "That is all. , tt follow Desparde no farther. e has sown the wind and must reap the whirlwind.' Jfaldimir never was intentionally icted, but he has been weak, and must be sn!!erfe' kPe that Lady Arielle will n foiget the existence of one so every way unworthy of her. ''As„fo.rme. I must devote myself to the whL fC-1S yppy young sister, upon m thjB blow has fallen with cruel severity. Wo return by an early steamer. No words can express my sorrow for this occurrence; but pny do not let it affect the friendly intercourse of such old neigh bours as ourselves.'/ When LordAltofnre had finished reading this letter he sat back in his chair, groaning and sighing at intervals. He was more grieved than surprised at what he had learned, for under ill his hopes he had had a latent suspicion that Yaldimir had been, to use his own charitable phrase, "very weak." And now a difficult and dangerous task was before him — to convince his grand daughter that the lover whom she had known and loved from childhood, who had been her betrothed husband, in whom she had trusted in despite of appearances, for whom she hoped even against hope, was utterly unworthy of ber whom he bad . deceived as well as forsaken, and was forever unattainable and irreclaimable, as the partner of a discreditable con nection. How would this extinction of all her hopes affect ArieUe? It would prostrate her— it might kill her. This was why the old earl groaned and sighed as he lay back inhi3 chair. And how should he tell the story ? In what wo.rds should he clothe the miserable truth ? At this question a feeling of hot indigna tion swept over the old man, not only that Yaldimir Desparde had behaved basely, but that he had himself, Giiion Montjoie, as pare a gentleman as ever drew the breath of life, should be compelled to offend the delicate ear of his granddanghter with a tale of " the evil that is in the world" — evil that should never be brought to her know ledge. ' . While he was inwardly raging over his position the door opened noiselessly and Arielle entered. . She never left her grandfather to himself very long. She watched over his declining life with as much devotion as he, on his part, observed her failing strength. In a inslant she saw the letter in his hand; and the trouble on his brow. " You have some unpleasant news, I fear," she said in a gentle voice, as she came to his side and put her hand caressingly around his neck.- He lifted his eyes and looked at her. She was wearing very deep mourning for her grandmother. Not a speck of , white was visible in all ber dress ; even her pale yellow hair was gathered up under a fine, thiuj black sUk net ; audker little white face, with its large, blue, hollow eyes, looked ghostly in contrast to the blackness of her suit. "Aly darling, yes. I have very unpleasant news, that I hate, and fear to tell you," said the earl, in a tone of so much distress that Arielle gently drew the letter from his fingers and looked at the postmark. " New York," she said, as she returned it to him. "Yep. dear— New York : and it brines Din most painful tidiugB of— of — " The voice of the earl broke down and he covered his face with his hand. " I know, I know, dear grandpa ; I have known all that you could tell me for more than a month past; so do hot distress your self, dear grandpa, and do not fear for me. I can bear it," said Arielle, in a tender voice and with the calmness that settled despair gives, as she sat down on his knees and put both arms around his neck. He uncovered his eyes and looked at her in a mild surprise and incredulity. " Do yon know to what I allude, my child ? It seems to me you cannot know," he said. "I know that Yaldimir Desparde is lost to us forever. I know that he is married. I have known it for more, than a month ," she repeated' "And you take it so quieily? That is right, my brave girl ! Thanks be to Heaven !" said the earl, with a deep sigh of relief. . Arielle lifted his venerable hand to her lips, but made ho other reply. "How did you obtain the knowledge of these facts, that have been hidden from me so long?" inquired the earl, after a silence of a few moments. " Just before weleft Skol — yes ! by the very same mail that brought the detective s letter to Lord Beandevere and gave us the joyful, deceptive news of — Mr. — Desparde's safe arrival in New York, and caused the baron to make that sudden voyage in pursuit of him — by that very same mail, I say, I received a letter from Aspirita Ooyle. But in the excitement of hearing news of — of him, the bustle of seeing our friends off, I put her letter in my pocket and forgot all about it for several days, not dreaming that there was anything of importance in it ; afterwards, when I pulled it out in drawing out my handkorchief, I opened and read it. It inclosed a letter which Aspirita said she felt it her duty to send me— a letter from — him — Yaldimir — to her brother, explaining the cause of his sudden flight — confessing— his— Ob, grandpa ! grandpa ! Let us say no more about it !" exclaimed Arielle, breaking off in great agitation, which she vainly attempted to control. "I understand, my dear; I quite under stand," said the earl, -laying his hand on her' bowed head. "And 'you kept' all this to yourself." - "'And 1 should have still kept it to myself bad not LordBeaudevere discovered the facts and revealed them to you as he has done in that letter, I presume." "Yes, my dear ; but why should you have locked such a secret in your own bosom, and let it prey upon yonr peace of mind and health of body as it has. done ?" " Oh, grandpa, I hardly know ! I never, thought why I did it : but I suppose from many reasons — from a dislike to add a grain tp the burden of your sorrows, and— and — ' from reluctance to expose— him. Oh ! grand papa, let us try to forget all about it now, and let us not cherish any feelings of resent-' ment. No, I know , you will not, dear-; Forgive me that I mentioned it. Let us Hve . for each other, dear grandpa, and for the poor and suffering around us. And do not fear for me. I shall come right in time," said ArieUe, now struggling successfully to conquer her own emotions. "Thanks, my good and brave girl!" said the old gentleman, pressing a kiss", upon her brow. . From this day forth the name of Yaldimir Desparde was never mentioned at Castle Montioie. T The aged earl and his young granddaughter - grew more and more together 'iihtil they became almost inseparable companions. They went out a great deal among their tenantry, but had very few callers at the Castle. 1 Dr. Bennett made regular professional visits. Occasionally a Catholic - clergyman stopped for a day or two at the house. But that was' fill, until; one day in October, as thevearl and his grandchild were sitting in their- morning-room5 — the earhreading the Times , the girl engaged in finishing a piece of silk flower embroidery -that had -ibeeni com menced. by her grandmother— ra - servant entered, bringing a card. . ....... Mr. Brandon Coyle. ' - \ ; - Show the gentleman into the drawing- room, and say that .we will be. down im mediately," said the old earl, with a look of pleasure such as had not brightened his countenance for many months. Arielle smiled to see it. ' ' We will receive this young gentleman, my dear, and detain him to dinner. He is a very worthy young man indeed. None more so. Few as much so, in. these days. I am glad he has called. Very glad." v CHAPTER XXIX. ' DRIFTING TO 'DOOM. ' ; : What had she done? - To see her youth, lier beauty audiu-r love' No sooner gaim but slighted and betrayed. And like a rose, just gathered ironi the stalk, But only smelt, then cheaply ihrown aside, To wither on the ground. — Dryden. Brandon Coyle possessed no power of lov ing purely or lastingly. He bad inherited from his ancestry a selfish, passionate and impetuous nature. He, a very dark brunette, had been at tracted to the fair blonde, Arielle, as to his opposite — his complement. He had fallen in "love" with, her clear opaline complexion, her light, golden -hued hair, her soft blue eyes, and her petite and graceful form, with all the externals of her personality, not with the girl herself." He called this inclination love, because he knew nothing at all of what love really is. Thus his passion for Arielle proved to be s as short-lived as it was furious and impetu ous. He bad only to see the maiden's beauty ; wane under the influence of sorrow and 1 illness to feel his ardour cool towards ber, and li6 had only to meet another young woman in whose person the external attrac tions of Arielle were'intensified, enlarged, and coarsely exaggerated, to fall into an in- ; fatuatioh even, if possible, more aggravated than that of bis frenzy for Arielle. And such a Venus he had found in the' lowest ranks of life in Christelle Ken, our " Missing Link." He did not care for her rudeness, her ignorance, her poverty or her low birth, because he never meant to marry her ; but he worshipped her superb form," which, com pared to Arielle's, was as Juno's to a sylph's, and her brilliant complexion of damask rose and snow-white lily, her: bright sapphire blue eyes, and her golden1 red' hair. Kit was his very ideal— no 1 not his ideal, for ' heliad.no ideas — but Kit was, to his eyes, the very masterpiece of nature — the perfection of female beauty ; and so he pursued the poor, handsome simpleton as remorselessly as the wild beast pursues its prey. But all the same he meant to marry Lady Arielle Montjoie, The daughter of an hundred earls, the wealthiest heriess iu the north, and a prospective countess in her own right. Therefore, as soon as etiquette permitted him to do so, he drove over to Castle Mont- : joie to call on the aged nobleman, and was cordially received, as we have related in the last chapter. ,' ; But when he saw what ravages even the last few days had made in the fragile form and face of Arielle, his indifference towards her was succeeded by a feeling of absolute repulsion. What possible charm, could this white skeleton, this cobweb form, this mere, trans parent chrysalis of a woman, have for hini who had seen the glorious Kit ? ' He required all his powers of duplicity even to be friendly with his young neigh bour. ; He declined the earl's cordial invitation to dinner, on the plea of a previous engage ment—which did not exist— and after a short visit he took leave, politely accepting the old nobleman's invitation to come as often as he could make it convenient to do so. " Ugh 1" he said to himself, with a shudder, as lie mounted into his dog-cart, and started his horse. " She gives me a chill ! She makes me think of nothing but death and the grave ! v " How incredible it'seems to me now tha only a few -months ago 1 was so madly in love with that girl that I was ready to blow my own brains out at the prospect of losing her, and schemed to .marry her then even more for love than for interest or advance ment ; though I was not such an idiot as not to think of them even then. To have been so madly in love witk7ier / She ah Object of love ! ' "But then she had not fallen away to mere skin and bone, nor had I seen the grand Christelle! She an object of love, indeed ! Why, she inspires thoughts of death — not of marriage ! I must marry her, though, for all that.'; " But, really, I must gradually get used to seeing her. I; could not stay longer in her presence to-day. She and the old man fill me with a sort of fear and horror. They make me think of my latter end— we, who have not the comfort of belief in' any here after ! But T must try to stay a "little longer" the next time I go to see them. It was the shock of seeing her that upset me so this time. I shall be more seif-pos3essed in future. . i " All, it is evident that I am all right with the earl !. I have only to sail in and win ! If ever a girl was flung headlong at a man by her relations, thatgiri is flung at me. "Well, I have no objection. She is a countess, or she will be a countess in her own light, with a large estate ; and I happen to know that she is blameless in the mysterious affair of her broken-off marriage ; but it is not every man that would marry' a living skeleton with' questionable antecedents, even if she is to be a countess, and so forth. Hallo ! Hold up, Snap ! Don't break my neck down this ; steep, while I am building castles in the air !" This last to his horse ; after which he ceased dreaming for the time being, and care fully guided the animal down the dangerous mountain side. From this day the visits of Brandon Coyle to Castle Montjoie became more frequent. . , He was alwayH warmly welcomed by the old earl and civilly treated by the young lady. . Poor Arielle, overwhelmed in despair by .her , past, was perfectly indifferent as to her future. Her one only care in life was to please her aged grandfather. When she saw that he was very cordial to Brandon Coyle, and that he wished her to be so, she became friendly in her manner to the young, man. This was not difficult, because .she really did not dislike Coyle, and the reason why.- she did not do so was because -the ".great gulf" that separated her good ;spirib from his evil one prevented her from .perceiving the real self of the man. Her (perception of him went very little deeper ithan the recognition of a handsome, dark iman in a well-fitting suit of clothes, and i with conventional manners; and so Arielle, :who was ignorant of tha true meaning of .marriage, was equally careless whether her unhappy life should end in death, a con- vent, or wedlock, bhe did not suspecc ins aspirations. : Brandon Coyle was not slow to perceive :that his cause was secure of success in the ; hands of the friendly old earl, with his in different but obedient grandchild. He knew that, eventually, he had only to solicit the hand of Lady Arielle from Lord Altofaire in order to receive it; but he knew also that the Mont.joies were rigid observers of the etiquette of mourning, and that in respect to the deceased countess he must wait a proper time before asking the hand of her granddaughter in marriage. He inwardly fretted at this unavoidable i delay. He felt that in this case, most em- | piratically, " delays -were dangerous." He > dreaded the result of Yaldimir Desparde's ; visit to New Orleans. He had already written to that unhappy young man, inclos ing to him the forged letter purporting to have come from Lady ArieUe Montjoie to Miss Aspirita Coyle, to announce the ap proaching betrothal of her ladyship to a suitor approved by her grandfather ; but lie had received no answer to that letter, and he . waited anxiously for it. ' i Meanwhile, as he was no longer in- love i with the' fading beauty, he was no exacting j wooer. Had. he been so, she then might i have discovered his intentions and her own aversion and fhrunk from his society"; but ; as it happened, he was eo perfectly cool in her presence that no French gentleman seeking the hand of a noble demoiselle could have been more reverentially distant in his manner than was Coyle to the lady whom he ; wished to mai-ry ; therefore Arielle was never startled into any feeling of revulsion from him ; on the contrary, she was grateful for his frequent visits, because they pleased i her grandfather. ' But though he was no exacting lover, he : was certainly a very anxious and impatient ' aspirant; and as time passed and ho letter came from Vaidimir Desparde, his anxiety and impatience increased. . Desparde might have gone to New Orleans, investigated the history of that old crime and its expiation, and discovered -its ' whole truth ; and he might, even now, be on his way back to England to lay the case before the Earl of Altofaire and reinstate himself in the favour of Lady Arielle. Ib stoodrin the intereskof Brandon Coyle to hasten his matrimonial affaii'3 as much as possible. If only he could be once fast married #to.> Lady Arielle Mohtj oiewhyv then, whether Yaldimir Desparde should make any discoveries, in New Orleans or not, or whether : he should come back to reveal them or not,. Ac, Brandon Coyle; as the husbaud of Lady Arielle, could defy tbem all. They might all loathe and scorn hiui, but they could not iDjure him materi ally; for their action would be restrained by consideration for his wife. At length Coyle could restrain his im- patienc.e no longer, Fear spurred Lim on ; so one day in the early autumn, about' two months from the decease of . the countess, he came .to Ca,stle Montjoie ' and; sent his card in to- the 'earlj desiring a private inter view. : - ' . ' He was at once Admitted1 andshown into the stately library, where the old' nobleman soon joined him. ; v". /' ' The meeting between' the .two as cordial as ever. The earl suspected the object of the visit, .and did all, that he could to smooth the wayof the embarrassed young suitor to thfe proposal he bad, doubt less, come to make. \ " Yet, notwithstanding the friendly and even fatherly manner of the earl, and his own consummate self-conceit and impu dence, Brandon: Coyle experienced an. un expected hesitation and difficulty in putting the momentous question ; hot that he was troubled by any .doubts as to a favourable answer, but simply because be could not at once find words in which to frame his pro posal. . . At length, however, .he spoke. ; \- '.'I have come, my lord, - to - ask the greatest boon that you have to bestow, or that I could, receive," he said, and tliere he stopped short. . ' , J "You refer to my, granddaughter," said the earl, in a gentle tone. A ' ' "Yes, -.nay lord, I refer to your lovely granddaughter," he answered, plucking up courage. " I have loved the Lady Arielle from her childhood to this day. I loved her long and hopelessly until the day of her broken marriage—" , " Pray do not speak of. that !" nervously exclaimed the earl. "Let that be forgotten as if it had never been !" Brandon Coyle bowed and kept sflence. The old earl resumed : ; . . " Certainly, my young neighbour,;! have not misunderstood nor disapproved the object of your frequent visits to this' house, nor do I doubt that your suit will be acceptable to my- child; It-is 7wr happiness that-I:must chiefly consider." . ' A "And it is 7ier happiness that ; it shall be the object of my- life to- promote, 'J added Brandon Coyle, with all tbe earnestness he could simulate. "I am sure of that, and I would rather bestow my child upon you, a young man whom I have known from, boyhood, the nenhew and heir of a near neighbour, than upon any stranger, whatever. his rank, wealth, or title : for I know that with you my child's" domestic peace and welfare will be secure." "I thank you for your, good; opinion, my dear lord. Believe:me, it sbUll' ever be my ambition to deserve it. I have, then, your, lordship's permission ' to speak to ; Lady Arielle ?" said Brandon, Coyle, with a' secret shrinking from the declaration of love to the lady , even greater than he bad experienced from the' proposal for her hand to the' earl, " Yes— yes," replied the . .old nobleman, slowly, and; thoughtfully. ; " Yes, unless, ? perhaps, you think it might be better for me to speak to her first. You see, my dear Brandon, no young lady could -have passed through such1 a trial as she has suffered without serious. in jury to her nervous system', I would rather be tha first to speak to her on this subject." Now this was exactly what Brandon Coyle would have preferred, since it would relieve ' him from all embarrassment. He was, there- , fore, perfectly sincere when he answered : "I thank you, my dear lord. I feel sure that your idea is wise and good, like all your;; thoughts. .I-tbank you very much." "And you may come to-morrow for your answer,, which, I feel quite sure, will be, a favourable one. You need have no anxiety on , 'that score." : ; Coyle bowed very low, and then, as he , understood that the earl wished at once to. i consult with his granddaughter, bade adieu, and departed. ; The old nobleman, left alone in his library; " sat back in his chair and reflected. " He is really a very worthy young gentle man. Not, certainly, of the exalted rank I , should once have demanded in the aspirant for the hand of my granddaughter and heiress, nor which her birth and fortune entitle her to expect, but a very honourable country gentleman, upon whom we can rely; and when a man reaches my age, having seen alibis kith and kin depart for the other life, he begins to think less of the external grandeur of this world and more of the interior treasures that constitute real happiness. Yes, I am content that my child shall be the wife of Mr. Brandon Coyle. Her son, if she have one, will bo the future Earl of Altofaire, and carry down the old title won on the field of Hastings. But the old name of Monijoie must die l no, ny me way, it must not ana Blrall not 1 The young fellow must assume the name and arms of Montjoie ii he marry , my granddaughter and eole heiress. That can be easily enough accomplished. And now for my interview with Arielle, he said, touching his bell. A hall footman immediately answered it. ; " Send Lady Arielle's maid to her lady ship with my wish to see her hero." The footman bowed and withdrew. In a few moments Lady Arielle entered the library.. Here face was still so thin and white that it bore a ghostly contrast to the blackuesa of her mourning dress. " Come and sit down beside me, my -love. Can you guess why I have sent for. you, : and what I have to tell you this morning ?.",in-, quired the old nobleman, as he drew a chair to his side for the accommodation, ;of his granddaughter. Arielle shook her golden-haired head, as she seated herself by him. "Young Brandon Coyle has just left.rae," said the earl. " Yes ?" responded the girl, indifferently. "Ay; and wa have .had a serious talk. Can yon surmise its purport ?" he asked, meaningly. " No, dear grandpapa," she replied, simply i and sincerely. '"Indeed, can yon not ? That is strange ! Now, try to think what could have brought him to a private interview with your old grauddaddy this moraing." "It- don't —know," answered Arielle, slowly and thoughtfully. " Was it any — any thing about the hounds? I know. he did want one of Stella's puppies I" "You little goose I If you were not tbe soul of sincerity I ebould think you were playing a part ! Now, Arielle, is it possible that you do not know what Brandon came to me for this morning?" "Indeed I do not, grandpa, unless it was for tbe puppy." ' '"Tut !; tut ! Why should I have called you into consultation, then ? What have you to do with the kennels'?- So. you cannot guess what he came ' to me for this morn ing?5 Why, my ohild, what has he been coming to the house for during the last three months ?" Gut of neighbourly friendship for us, dear grandpa ; I know of cbrirse." ; "Is it possible you can 'have been bo blind? Has the delicate self-restraint of the young lover . so utterly deceived you?" earnestly inquired the earl. " Ob,, dear grandpapa, what do you mean ?! questioned Arielle, uneasily. " Young Coyle has been coming to see you, my child. We both thought you surely knew that! But you have been so deeply absorbed in your own troubles, Arielle, that ybu'have taken very little notice of others, I fear." " Ob, dear grandpapa; please do not say that, for indeed I have .thought of you con stantly, and ia my heart Ihave been very grateful to Mr. Coyle for giving us so much of bis company. I have deemed it very kind of him to leaye gayer sooiety and spend so much of his time with two such sad ones as you and myself ; for I thought it must be very dull for him; but indeed I never imagined that he came to see me particularly," said Arielle. ' . " That' was because he was so delioafe and - reticent; so much. so, that perhaps even I. should not have suspected the object of his visits had I not known enough of human nature to be very sure that he did not come to see an octogenarian like : me where there was a young- girl like yon in the house. Well, ; my . dear child, the case is this : Young Brandon Ooyle came to me to-day to ask permission to address you with a view to marriage. I told him that; I approved his suit; but would speak to you first. Now, my child, all I have to say is this : We know the young man and his family. They have been our near neighbours for many years. We. oan rely upon him, and .upon tbem. I can trust my child's welfare with them. So, my dear1 Arielle, if you can 'like this, young man well enough to marry mm, I shall feel very glad. A great weight of care will be lifted from my mind ; for you know, my child, that I am very old and infirm, so that the time of my departure draws near, and I feel a keen anxiety at the thought of leaving you alone, unprotected, youthful, innocent, and inexperienced, an easy prey to the selfish, mercenary and designing. To be sure, I "could appoint guardians for yon, who would look after you and your fortunes until your majority at tlra age of twenty-one ; but after wards ? No, my child, I shall never die con tent until I see you married." " Would my marriage to Mr. Brandon Coyle content you, dear grandpapa ?" gravely and tenderly inquired Arielle. . , L " Yes, my child ; it would more than con tent me ; it would perfectly satisfy ma; set my heart completely at rest ; in a word, it would make my' last days very peaceful,'' oarne stiy replied the old nobleman. " Then, dear grandpapa, I will marry Mr. Brandon Coyle, and you may tell him so," i said Arielle, simply. " You are a good child, and I hope and believe you will be a good and happy" wife, my dear," said the earl, drawing her to his ;bosom, and kissing ber" fondly. "But, my -girl, your lover must take your answer from yourself." \ ; " Oh,; no, no,; no. Please , you tell him, ;grandpa !'';exclaimed Arielle, suddenly, kiss ing him, and then running out of the room ; for she could no longer control the anguish 'of her heart, "which, ars soon as she reaohed Ithe privacy of her own chamber, burst forth in a storm of passionate sobs "and tears, i Meanwhile Ibe , old";' earl, unsuspicious of ithe great,' 'silent sacrifice his: granddaughter had made to his feelings, rubbed his' hands jtogether and 'chuckled, after the manner of ithe very aged. - ; " A queer couple of lovers . as ever I have iseen ! Se prefers that I shquld' make his -declaration of love to her. She wishes. me to convey hffi'' acceptance to him. They want ime, an old grby-bbard'of eighty- five, .to do all (the love-making. between . them. It ; was not- .so with me -add my Gonstande. : We did our -courting and kissing ourselves. But that i was in the ignorant old times;' before modern improvements -, were invented. "Now every thing is done by machinery; even love- making by the intervention 'of athird party. Ha, ba, ba !" An d- the old man laughed feebly at his feeble jest, because he felt' so happy in the probable accomplishment of hi3 wishes. \- j The next- morning Brandon Coyle came' for this answer. Ha was at once admitted' to the ipresence of the old earl, who was already seated in the library waiting his visitor", and iwlio arose and advanced to meet him with outstretched baud and cordial smile, saying: " Good morning, my son ; for you are to be my son, one or two removes. Great-grand :sori-in-law-is rather too long a formula of rela tionship for common use. Even my." great- granddaughter only calls me grandpa 1 Good morning, my dear boy 1 I have nothing but good- news for you to-day. Take-' a, seat and tell me how you find yourself." " Very well and happy, thanks, my lord. I need not return the question.. . You look remarkably hale." . .. ; . - " AyV" ay,' I'feel "better this morning-, besides being in excellent spirits, by sym pathy, with the happiness of my girl aud boy'!" ' """ ;; " Thanks, very, rnuch, my lord. And Lady Arielle ? ' -,y: " She is in the drawing-room awaiting you." " May I go to her at once ? ; - " Certainly, I could not ba so unreason able as to expect you. to ratay: here: with me under sueh eiroumstanc83i nor so cruel as to detain yqu ! Go, myrsonT' 1 CHAPTER XXX. i arielle's decision. ; To rne. sad bride, or rather widowed maid, ' One was affianced, a long time before. ; And sacred pledges he botli took and gave ; False, cruel love, infamous and foresworn, j Spencer. , Oh, colder than the wind that freezes Foun'8 that once in sunshine played, \- Is that congealing pnng whicb seizes The trusting bosom when betrayed. —Moore, ! 'The young man, who felt himself now at home in the house, went immediately to the drawing-room, where he found Arielle reclining in a deep-cushioned resting-chair, and looking thinner, whiter, more trans parent, more like an empty chrysalis than ever before. He, so full of vigorous animal life, was chilled by her aspect, as some persons are chilled by the presence of a corpse. It required some effort to throw off this feeling as he went towards her, took her limp, cold hand, and said : " Good-morning, Arielle." " Good-morning," she responded, infaint fones, and lifting her dim, blue eyes to his face. Again the shivering repulsion overcame him, but he rallied his spirits, and said, as be dropped that chilling hand : "Your grandfather has authorised me—" Then he stopped, in a strange embar rassment, looked around, drew a chair to her side, seated himself, and began again : " The earl has told me — the earl was re quested by me — " And he stopped again. Arielle's faded blue orbs wandered towards his face ana fixed themselves upon it in ex pectation. ; "My love, yon must know what I would say !" he exclaimed, in desperation. " Yes," said the girl, with the calmness of utter indefference, " my grandpapa told me that you would like to marry me, and I answered that I would consent if he wished me to do so." . " You angel 1" exclaimed Brandon, with very well-acted rapture, as he moved to em- ; brace her ; but she put up both hands, with a-g6sture of repulsion, saying : " Don't please ! Please don't !" "Forgive me," he murmured, as he fell oaok in his seat with a feeling of relief ; for be did not really wish to fold that living death to his highly vitalised bosom. How to talk to her now he did not know ; but a great fear seized him that she might :die before he could make her his own, and ; with her all the grand advantages that must come in her train. ' For that reason, as well as others that have been mentioned, it seemed highly import- Ant to him that the marriag8 should take place as soon as possible. Perhaps the earl might be induced'.to forego tbe strictest obser vance of the mourning etiquette for the old countess, and consent to a very quiet and unostentatious marriage, without cards, with out bridesmaids,! or any other pageantry beyond the ceremony in the chapel to make their present betrothed a binding nnion. ,; These thoughts, together with the neces sity of saying something, and the difficulty of finding anything else to say to a girl from whom he secretly shrank, and who evidently shrank from him, impelled him to inquire, in the most tender tones he could simulate : " And when, my love, shall be the happy .day that will make U3 one ?" " Ob, I don't know. Isn't it early yet for such a question ?" she inquired, languidly. "It may seem so to you, my angel, but to a lover's — " he began ; but she interrupted him by saying, still very languidly : "Well, then, I don't eare ! Whenever grandpapa pleases." " But, my dear love, it is yourself who must — " " It is to please grandpapa that I. marry you. He must have his own way. Now, Mr. Coyle, will you excuse me? I am very tired, and I must go and lie down," Eaid Arielle, rising feebly, andstretchingoutber wan hands to the tops of tables and backs of chairs to support her tottering steps as she glided, ghost-like, from the room. "She is dying ! I wonder the earl does not see it ! But he is nearly blind, and besides, the change has come on so gradually that he, who is always with her, cannot appreciate it as I do ! Dying !" he said to himself, as he looked after her, too deeply shocked and dismayed and too much absorbed in his own unpleasant sensa tions to think of offering her the assistance she needed until she had passed out of his sight. ' Then he started up" and left the room by one of the French windows of the modernised drawing- room opening upon the garden. He felt the necessity of a great deal of fresh air. Then he wished to go to Lord Altofaire, as the referee of Lady Arielle, and try to get the wedding-day fixed ; hut, having bidden good-bye to the earl that morning, lie did not feel privileged to intrude upon him again the same day. After walking up and down on the terrace for a few moments, he called a groom that was passing in the garden below and ordered bis dog-cart to be brought around, and when it was ready he jumped into it and drove home. ' He arrived at Caveland soon after tbe luncheon hoar. He was very hungry, for he was gifted with a great appetite, and he had eaten nothing since breakfast. He would have ordered luncheon immediately from the butler had not his sister, Aspirita, been on the watch for him and arrested him ia the hall. "Don't stop me now, Aspirita; I'm a famished wolf 1" he exclaimed, attempting to brush by her into the dining-room. " Can't help that! I have something here that I think will stay your stomach — a foreign letter," said the young woman. "Eh I" oried the man, suddenly palling himself up. "A letter from America, and evidently from Yaldimir Desparde! Come with me into the morning-room — there is no one there— and read it." ; He followed her into a spacious apartment in the back of the building, and they sat down together on the sofa to peruse the letter. It was very brief and to the point, but it was without date or signature. It ran as follows : " Yonr letter enclosing the letter of my lost love to your sister reached me indue time several weeks ago. : "It should have been promptly answered had I been capable of writing. "But, ah! my friend,- I was weaker than you thought me. Yery much weaker than I thought myself. ; " I ought to have been glad of her recovery from the shook and sorrow of that broken wedding, which must overshadow and op press my whole future life with gloom and misery ! I ought to have rejoiced in her prospect of happiness. "But, oh, my dear Brandon, I am but human 1 lam but flesh and blood! Aud thus gave way beneath the overwhelming, stunning blow ! " Think what it must bave been to to read such words a3 these/written by her own hand, and now stamped indelibly on my heart and brain : ; " 1 1 feel that it would be degrading to me to waste more thought on one who has proved himself eo utterly false, base, treacherous ; so I have consented to receive the atteutious pf a gentleman approved by my grandparents as entirely worthy of esteem and affection.'. J "Brandon, do yon wonder that I lost consciousness and reason for awhile ? Or that I lay dangerously ill for weeks in a city hospital, to which stranger hands conveyed me after having picked me up insensible in tbe lobby of the post-office, where I had opened and read that terrible letter ? " This is the first day that I have been permitted to sit up and write, and this letter to you is the first result of my restored privileges. " I write now to explain my long, involun tary silence, to tell you these things, and to say — may the Lprd bless her in her new union and in all ber future life, whatever may become of me." "That's all! Poor devil!" muttered Brandon Coyle, in contemptuous pity, as he folded the letter up agaiu. " Aud not one word about me i" exclaimed Aspirita, discontentedly. " Why, Asp ! Can't yon giva a man a little time to get over the shock of his disappoint ment about one woman before you ex?ec him to think about another?" demanded Brandon, abruptly. . " He takes a great deal of time. It u® been nearly five months since that broken marriage." „ "Well, we can't hurry him, anyhow, replied the young man, as he went to the chimney-place aud threw the letter into the fire that had been lighted in the grate to temper the chill mountain air of that early October day " What did you do that for ?" " Because such a letter as that is ft dangerous thing to keep in the possession of the man ' everyway worthy of esteem and affection,' who is about to marry Lady Arielle ! I wonder what Desparde, poor wretch, would think if he knew that it was bis dear friend and confidential corres pondent, Brandon Coyle, who occupies that enviable position ?" he inquired, with a laugh ?" " By the way, how goes on your wooing of the earl's heiress ?" questioned Aspirita. " Swimmingly ! We are engaged to ba married with the full consent and approba tion of Lord Altofaire," said Brandon, jauntily. " ln-decd! And you never told me ! Since when, pray ?" " Since eleven o'clock this morning, which accounts for my not having communicattd the fact last night, or previously." " Bran, I wish you joy. A countess in her own right!" "Not quite yet— not till the old man ' sbufflea off the mortal coil !' " "Well, but soon- to be a countess in her own right ! Only, mind you, Bran, in your case and hers she will take precedence of you on all public occasions ! It will not be 'Mr. and Mrs. Brandon Coyle, but it will be ' The Countess of Altofaire and Mr. Brandon Coyle!' A small second fiddle for a man of spirit to play, as it appears to me, Bran !" " I don't see it in that light. It is tha etiquette, whpre a commoner marries a peeress, or wherever the wife's rank is higher than tba husband's— as, for instance, the Queen and Prince Albert, the Marchio ness of A. anu Mr. H. And, besides, there may be such a possibility as to get a rever sion of my wife's title in my favour by Boyal letters patent, creating me, mo, in considera tion of my marriage with the last heiress of the Montjoies — even me — Earl of Alto faire," replied Brandon Coyle with a strusA " Ob, come now, Sonny 1 Steady ! — Your vaulting amvition doth oe'rleap itself — 'Twill fall on t'other side," laughed his sister. "Well, you'll see ! You'll Bee 1" " Anyway, I congratulate ycu, Bub. it ia a great thing for you to marry Lady Arielle Montjoie, future Countess of Altofaire in her own right, even if you never mount any higher. A great thing for me, too, to ba the sister-in-law of a peeress S I am to be first bride-maid, of course ?" " I don't know." . "You 'don't know?' Why, -who else should be first bride-maid if the groom's own sister is not to be, I should like to know ? She has no sisters." "I do not think there will b9 any bride- maids. I think the wedding will be very quiet. Scarcely two months have passed since the funeral of the old conntess. Tha wedding must be very unostentatious. Any parade would be unseemly." " Ob, of coarse, I suppose so ! Wh9B is it to come off?" " I don't know. Yery soon, I hope." " You ' don't know' again ? Why, what do yon know abont the matter, then ? I thought all this was settled." " It will be to-morrow, when I shall have a final interview to muke arrangements with the earl." " Oh, ' to-morrow !' To-morrow never comes ! And ' there is many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip,' my brother !" exclaimed Aspirita, malicionsly. " Be quiet, Asp ! Don't hiss ! I fesl very sure cf my game ! And now 1 mast have something to eat and drink. Do you mean to keep a fellow here starving all day ioog ?" demanded the brother, as he arose and jerked the bell cord. ".Bring me luncheon here in two minutes ! Look sharp 1" he exclaimed to the servant who answered the bell. The repast was promptly served and Aspirita, leaving him to his gormandising, went to ber room to take a nap. Early tbe next morning Brandon Coyle rode over to Castle Montjoie, where he ar rived just before noon. He asked for Lord Altofaire and was at once admitted to the presence of the aged earl, who received him in the old library with his accustomed heartiness. " I hope Lady Arielle is quite well this mornicg. She seemed a little indisposed yesterday, I feared," said Brandon Coyle, as soon as the first greetings were over. " She is not weil, I am sorry to say. She keeps her room to-day, and desired to be excused to you, if you should call," answered the earl. "Iam very sorry to hear that. I hope it is nothing serious," said Brandon Coyle. " I hope not, and yet I think I shall send for Sir Josephy Courtney," replied the earl, naming an eminent London physician, who had been made a baronet. "Itrnst you bave no grave fears for her health ?" continued the young man. " Ob, no. Oh, nox Bat I think it is just as well to be on the safe side," said the earl, cheerfully. Brandon Coyle then remembered what his sister had once told him about the " fussy anxiety" of the old earl and countess over the health of their grandchild, that led them, as she had said, to summon down a conrt ; physician if she had hut a cold in her head ; ami after a little further conversation he csme to the main object of his visit. " Lady Arielle has consented to bless ma with her hand, as you kindly led me to hope that she would, my lord, but her ladyship has referred me to you to fix the day that, shall make me the happiest of men," he said falling into the commonplace because he had not earnestness enough to inspire an original form. " My dear boy, you must be patient. You are betrothed to Lady Arielle. You are sure or ner, ana your suspense is over on that subjeot. But as to your marriage, that can not be oelebrated for some time yet, except in case of a certain event. Cut of respect to the deceased oountess,. her granddaughter's wedding must be delayed for a year, at least." " I thought— I hoped— that we might be married very quietly, without cards, without bride-maids, without parade of any sort, and therefore without any disrespect to the memory of the late countess," urged Brandon Coyle, anxiously. "No, no, my dear fellow, that cannot be done. I can understand and pardon tbe im patience of a young lover— -a bridegroom ex pectant which would naturally make him fox- get the proprieties o< lite ; but you must curb that impatience, aud bethink you of the fit ness of things. My grauudaugbter cannot be 'married quietly, without cards, without bride-maids,' aud so forth. She must be married with all tbe ceremouies and festivi ties befitting the nuptials of the las; heiress of the house of Montjjie. and oi the earldom of Altofaire, and therefore she cannot be married within the year oi mourning for the late conntess." To hs continued,.) 