[?] Through Monaro. i. As a general rule the banks of the Mumimbidgee, far down in far-famed Riverina, is not the most pleasant place where to pass your Christinas. Some change of climate at this portion of the year seems to become, to Riverina folk, a necessity. The railway now offers great inducements to 1 secure a change of air and scene, which but a very few years ago would be about the very last motion to enter the head of any pater-familias, and a trip to Sydney, out of all j bounds. But now matters have changed, and the W agga Wagga railway station on and after Christmas last afforded a good opportunity to witness the change which has taken place in the customs of the good Riverina folk — that portion of them, at least, which have been remotely situated till railway progress altered matters, and made the trip to Sydney, liithcrto replete with many dangers, expense, and loss of time, one of pleasure and novelty. Sydney, or even Melbourne, having few, if any, charms for myself, I determined to pass my holiday, of a few weeks,' in visiting a portion of the colony but little known to Riverina men, beyond its name, and being in possession of a healthy, salubrious climate, an impression gained in conversation with Monaro shearers, I felt that a trip over that country might prove more beneficial than a month stewed up in a hot city. With the assistance of a mate who knew his way about, a short cut across country was made from the hot stifling levels to the plain on which the once far-famed Kiandra stands— now the ghost of its former self — just about exist ing, and no more, in rags and tatters, weather-beaten, worn out, and to all appearance, done ; so much so, that should it ever be fortunate enousrh to see another rush, there must be built a bran new town, for it is very certain the present one could not stand much of a press. Great changes do these digging townships undergo. The richer the field, somehow, the mote Wretched and the more complete is the fall of the city. Kiandra, for the very small amount of ground open — a bend in the Eucumbene River, plainly seen from the town — produced a large amount of gold, and now, although said to possess two or three rich veins of quartz, useless for the want of pumping machinery, to say nothing of thousands of acres of untried alluvial, is languish ing, and all but dead, for the want of that life-giving agent, capital, to develop and bring to light its wealth, which no one on Kiandra now seems to trouble themselves about. The population is small and much scattered. Wonderful health seems to be on joyed by all, and poor as the place i», a degree 'of contentment reigns worthy of better luck. Its climate and inaeessability have doubtless kept Kiandra out of sight — but when taking into consideration the extra ordinary natural facilities which are met with everywhere for mining, in a wholesale and economical manner, and the character given to his particular spot by such men as the late Mr. Clark, Streleski, and others, 'in addition to the yields already obtained, it is strange so little enterprise, and 'so little capital has been expended. Old hands on this gold field say ' Kiandra's day has not come yet ' — and while passing over the many untried hills, gullies, and creeks, an idea creeps over one that old hand notions may not, after all, be so far out — and that, moreover, if Kiandra should ' breakout' again, as the miners term it, there will exist the consolation of knowing that there will be room for thousands. This mountain country wants knowing. Our course led down the Eucumbene River to the Snowy. Remote as these regions may be considered, a portion of that industrial class — the free selector — is to be met with — frugal, energetic, and hospitable. Season's have not been kind to them of late — more particularly the present one. Severe frosts during the early part of December, and even again at Christmas, committed great havoc amongst wheat and hay crops and potatoes. Want of rain for months kept the grass bare, and at this time what should be a luxuriant growth of grass is nothing else than a dry parched- up last year's feed, the consequence being small amounts of wool', nothing fat, and every chanca of loss of stock. This is how matters stand on the Snowy River — a king to other parts of Monaro, which I will refer to here after. Following down the very picturesque valley of the Snowy River, facing all the day a cold wind, said to come direct* from the sea, we reached a remarkably well-built stone house — the Jindabvne inn — on the banks of the rapid, clear, Snowy River, as cold as ice. From here the scenery is simply beautiful and grand, j although much wanting that beautiful green in the grass which this season brings not, to add further beauty to the scene. The whole valley was dotted with stock — cattle and sheep — and, although nothing very objectionable was to be found about the latter, we felt somewhat surprised to notice so poor a description of cattle. In a climate such as this, I should say that very extra pains are required to breed good ca ttle, and there appears no reason to exist why cattle bred on the Snowy River, or indeed in any part of Monaro, should not equal those bred in other parts of the colonies. It is simply the question of procuring the variety suitable, and that is about the amount of pains required. The breed which would be found the most suitable for a climate such as Monaro is the hardy Hereford, a breed 'which j is plentiful enough in the colonies for owners of stock on Monaro to find any number of bulls, at prices within the i reach of the most humble. It is a well-known, and now well-proved fact, that the Hereford is the most hardy breed ' of cattle stock ; independent of this important item — they j are weighty, mature early, and are good breeders — that is to i say, regular. Their hardihood will carry them through any j difficult! esof season, and I should say that, if there is any district in the colony where the Hereford is suitable, it is Monaro. I advise those who breed cattle on Monaro to go in strong for the Hereford — they will not regret it. While on the subject of stock, I must own that I was somewhat surprised to find such a good quality of wool here. The chief objection I found to it was its shortness of staple. The sheep about here are certainly not ' pure Merino.' From what was observed a conclusion was arrived at during our way down the river, that the Bheep stock had undergone a series of crosses, in many cases injudiciously made. Like other portions of the colony, Monaro has as much regard for wool as it has for carcase, and it appears the Southdown has been largely employed to cross with the Merino. Lincolns and Leicesters have also of late come into use, but I fancy they are, from what can be learned, no especial favourites on Monaro, whatever they may be in other parts'. The Lin coln, especially so, is a troublesome customer where every thing is not very smooth, and generally speaking, if he does not like the aspect of matters, he inherits a notion of clear ing out, in order to improve things. This is what he is found to be on the Murrumbidgee, and he has long since been voted a nuisance in consequence. Whether he is the same np here I can hardly say. During a visit, some few months since, in the vicinity of Queanbeyan, I was shown a variety of sheep known by the name of ' Romney Marsh.' Personally I have no great knowledge of the breed, but- an inspection of a cross with the Merino showed them to be of a nature particularly adapted to the wants of the small sheep-holder. They were well-woolled, long staple, dense, but certainly not fine. The cross I saw would bear favourable comparison, as regards size, with many small mobs of sheep which we saw on our way down, and which showed cross-breeding and I should say that they would cut a better figure oa a cold and wet day than any of those we passed. Jindabyne at the preseat moment forms the quarters of three or four of the police force on ' Kelly' duty, and, to my mind, looked as if they wished the gang removed to warmer parts. On our road we fell in with other police, each and all of them having anything but a lively look. They are all well armed and well horsed, but for the climate indifferently clad. The mackintosh which each member given him appears to have been served out wrongly ; for, somehow, the big men appear to have got hold of the shart ones, while most probably the small men have secured the longest and most serviceable. It occurred to me that, while on this bush duty, the men should be directed to practice, by shooting at marks off and on horseback. I do not know if this is a regulation or not, but from the appearance of some of the horses I saw with the police, I doubt if many of them would stand much firing over, without endangering the limbs, and probably the necks, of some of the riders. Jindabyne boasts of very little in the way of a township. An inn, store, blacksmith's forge, and a flour mill, form its sum total in the way of buildings. The population round about it is a large one, and most of its rising generation i* Jindabyne born. Well refreshed at host Davis, we travelled on, still down the Snowy river, for a few miles, eventually falling in with a road, passing through a well populated locality, leading towards Cooma. It was very plainly to be noticed that, aa we approached Cooma, the 'grass became worse. We met many starving flocks on the road up to the mountains, and several mobs of cattle, some apparently in the last stage of existence. Tales now met our ears of losses, and to a few smaller settlers absolute ruin. Far away on the plains — in the direction of Nimitybelle and Bombala, we were told that no rain had fallen for months ; not a blade was to be seen. Crops scarce worth reaping — and articles of necessity getting up in price ; fat meat a thing of the past, and stock dying . by the score. Making due allowance for drawing the long ' bow, which is a sort of license granted to travellers gene rally, we prepared oursevelves to encounter this terrific scourge the best way we could. Leaving the prettily situated town of Cooma, eavlr ons morning, and taking the main line of road for Nimitybelle, we suddenly appeared to have left every vestige 'of grass. Nothing before and on each side of us but open plain and bald hills, as bare as the road. No portion of Riverina in thedroughof 1876 looked worse than does the country between Cooma and Nimitybelle at this moment. We were somewhat surprised to notice this line of road to be furnished with mile-posts, a novelty to us. Each post is painted red, and the mileage is clearly graven on it. There is no mistaking a mile-post when you see one — for they appear to be the only 'timber' near the road. Other districts might very advantageously follow the example of the sensible officer* who had these necessary guides erected. By their aid only did we hit upon the renowned ' sola water ' spring at Rock Flat. Impressions obtained long ago — from travellers who had visited this curiosity — led me to expect very different things about this spring. We, however, tasted it, found it very nasty, and left. While in this neighbourhood the traveller will find many occasions to make the inquiry as to the Public schools. I much doubt if there is any 'district in New South Wales where compulsory education would be so great a boon as the Monaro district. Out on the plains, anywhere, everywhere, boys and girls, some mere infants, are fo be seen minding sheep. Brought up to a lazy indolent occupation, with, for the time being, any amount of liberty, taught nothing at home, in contact with all sorts and conditions of travellers, ill-clothed, and frequently ill-fed. The future of these poor children must indeed be a sorry one. Open schools eyervwhere, and pass an Act for the com pulsory and free education of all children — is the cure— for this shameful employment. Till such a measure is in force it should be the practice, nay duty, of every sheepholdor who has to employ shepherds, to allow no flock of Ills to be minded by any female child, and by no youth under sixteen years. In every district where sheep have to be shepherded there should be a rule' of this nature made amongst its slieepowners, to be religiously and faithfully kept, and to be most strictly adhered to till some change in the present Educational Act is made, which will provide for the com pulsory education of all children over six years of age. Any well-disposed person crossing the Monaro plains cannot but fail to see that shepherding for children is a cruel employment. F . 