? MAUREEN DHU. THE ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER .VIII.— {Continued.) BY MES. J. SADLIEE. FITZSTEPHEN smiled at the charming simplicity of-Maureen, but the smile soon faded, and a shade of anxiety passed over his fine countenance. He fixed his eyes on Maureen as she stood before him in the unconscious innocence of her bright girlhood, and the expression of his face gradually changed till the young beauty shrank from its intense earnestness when by chance she glanced upwards. And yet there was nothing of passion, nothing to alarm the purest inind, in those calm, earnest eyes. It was merely their deep, concentrated thought that was new and strange to the Claddagh girl. " Don't be angry, Mr. Fitzstephen !" she said, in a tremulous tone, " I'll speak to the boys myself—" " Angry with you, Maureen! Oh, no, my poor girl! Why should I be angry with you f" " I don't know, your honour, but I thought you looked angry." "Did I ? Well, never trust my looks again. But, Maureen, listen to me—for I see you are impatient to go. I do not want you to say anything about this matter to 'the boys' you speak of." He paused, and if Maureen had raised her eyes at the moment she would have seen, even in the dim light, an unusual flush on his dark cheek. "If they are as prejudiced against me as you say, I would not have you try to change them. Mind, anyone else but those you have mentioned—" " Well, I'll not promise to say much to anyone, sir, for I'm afeared it's no use—" " Will you then refuse me, Maureen ? Surely, it is not much I ask." "I don't know that, sir. If you knew our people as well as I do, you wouldn't say so. Still and all—" "Still and all, you'll try. Isn't that what you would say ?" And he attempted to take her hand. The attempt, however, was unsuccessful, and Maureen drew back with that haughty air which was almost habitual to her. "Keep your distance, Mr. Fitzstephen !" she coldly said. " This is no time nor place for shaking hands. If I had known where Nanno was bringing me, it isn't here you'd have me. I suppose you have nothing more to say, so I'll be biddin' you a good-night. Come, little pet!" (to Nanno, who had been Bitting at her feet) " they'll be wouderin' what's come of us." " Maureen," said Fitzstephen, advancing to her side when she turned her face homewards, "it is indeed a lonely hour and a lunely place, atid perhaps I should not have sent for you. Permit me to see you home." Adisdainfullaughbroke from Maureen. " Ah, then, are you in earnest, Mr. Fitzstephen ? Do you think there's any danger for the likes of me in the Claddagh P It would be en evil day or night •when Maureen O'Hara would be afeared to walk the streets of the Claddagh. God be with you, sir!" " So the words of the old song do not hold good in the Claddagh," said Fitzstephen, still walking on beside her. And he repeated, in Irish, from the popular song—" Colleen dhas crudha na ho": " A young maiden is like a ship sailing, Doesn't know how far safe she may go, At every blast she's in danger—" "No, sir," said Maureen, with indignant emphasis, " that's not true with us, thaaks .be to God for His good care of us. I think you'd better turn,back, your honour, for some of the boys may be comin' to look for me, and they'd wonder what brought you here at this time of night." "I dare say ypu are afraid of Shan Driscoll seeing me here; but, surely, tonight he has something else to think of. But I see you are anxious to get rid of me. One word only before I go: who is this strange child ?" pointing to Nanno Kenny. '' When I was wandering about here to-night, waiting -for a chance of seeing you, she came creeping,, creeping along all alone by • the river edge, croning a doleful song. Having seen her with yoti yesterday, -near the cnapd, I knew ehe was a favourite, iand "that you would follow her at her bidding, so I Bent herto you. Who arid what is she ?" ' "W(0ll, ; indeed, myself hardly knows who she is. She passeB for Aileen'p grandchild, but I have- heard people say she isn't a drop's blood io.her. 'Sometimes I think she isn't a livin' creature at .all, the way she talks and the way she looks. ' Bufy isbmehoWj flhe tnakes us all love her, atadme most' of alL I van sit I2 r l? 1 ?", r8 ' Mr ' Fitzstephe®, alone with .Ww chxld • and we often goin themoon- light nights and sit by the river-side lookin' down on the runnin' water and listenin' to the music it makes, and lookin' up into the blue sky where the stars look down at us. And then Nanno and me talk about everything ; and I like to hear her talk, for she knows a power. But it's only to me she talks ; now you'd hardly get a word out of her."' Maureen, wrapt up in her subject, had forgotten her haBte, and stood once more facing Fitzstephen, unconscious of the wonder with which he had been following the rapid changes which passed over her mobile features, as she thus spoke in a way he had never heard her speak before. "Maureen!" said he, when she came to a stop, " would you not like to know something about those bright stars, and this world we live on, which is one of them ?" " Ah! then now, Mr. Fitzstephen, do ou think I'm so simple as all that comes o ? This world one of the stars ! Do ou hear that, Nanno ? Why, you and e knows better than that ourselves— the gentleman is making his fun of me." "No indeed; I should be very, very sorry to make fun of you. Only manage this business for me, and I may some day teach you many things that you little dream of. Good-bye now, Maureen! I must leave you for I know not how long, and you will not even shake hands with me ! Well, no matter. I do not blame you. But mind, when I return, I shall expect good news from you. The herring season will soon be coming now. (food-bye, little one. Speak sometimes of me to Maureen, will you not ?" He turned and walked quickly away without waiting for an answer from either, humming to himself as he retraced his homeward way:— Oh! had we some bright little isle of our own In a blue summer ocean, far off and alone, Where a leaf never dies in the stillblooming bowers, And the bee banquets on thro' a whol e year of flowers. Where the sun loves to pause With so fond a delay, That the night only draws A thin veil o'er the day; Where simply to feel that we breathe, that we live, Is worth the best joy that life elsewhere can give. "There, with souls ever ardent and pure as the clime, We should love as they loved in the first golden time; The glow of the sunshine, the balm of the air. Would steal to our hearts, and make all summer there. With affection as free From decline as the bowers, And with hope like the bee, Living always on flowers, Our life should resemble a lone dav of 7 light, And our death come cn holy and calm as the night!" "Ah I sly little Bard of Erin ! master of that strange lyre which we bear within us," went on Fitzstephen, when he had got through the words of the song, "how is it that you can thus express this mysterious emotion which fills my soul ?—what noble unsophisticated creature of light and beauty—of poetry and love, was your inspiration when you wrote those charming lines, you whose associations were.chiefly, with the highborn, the learned, and the cultivated ?" When Fitzstephen reached his own door he found all dark and silent, with the single exception of Margaret's room, where a light was burning, very dimly, as if the snuff had. grown long and shadowy from neglect. "Poor Margaret!" soliloquised the anxious brother, as he let himself in by means of his latch-key, and softly mounted the stairs leading to his own apartment—"poor Margaret! those who see you by the light of day little imagine how- . your night-hours pass! People look upon your smiling face and enjoy the brightness of your presence, wondering in their hearts that the sorrows of a bereaved wife and childless mother have left no deeper traces on your youthful brow! They little know the dark under-current that flows beneath that sparkling surface. I would give a trifle to know what connection there is between her and Arranmore—true it was there she lost her child,, but that was years ago, and in the course of nature the wound ought, to be healed: by this time. There was more than grief, too, in her violent emotion when I mentioned the name to try. her, X wish that old hag had either kept all to herself, or told more!" ,i Maureen was unusually, silent on her wayback, to. the evident dissatisfaction of little, Nanno, who was well disposed: for a bit of chat. "Don't you like to hear him talk, Maureen ?" she suddenly asked. "Who, acushlaP' , " " "Why," the . dark gentleman—lie doeBri't talk lijke ; anyone, else—sure le J doesn't,Maureen 1 EvenFatherDominick 1 hasn't such a tongue." Maureen laughed at the child's simple earnestness. " I'm sure he knows a power," went on Nanno, in an abstracted, musing tone; "I wish we asked him where all the people come from that I be dreamin' about every night—it's so queer that I can never see them in the day-time, though I go and sit all alone for a long, long time, trying hard to make them come. Won't you ask Mr. Fitzstephen who they are, and where they come from, Maureen astore ? I know he'd tell you anything!" "Now, don't be talking that way, alanna machree, don't, now, or Maureen won't love you. We mustn't make so free with Mr. Fitzstephen, for he's a gentleman, and besides he's not one of us. Not a word, now, there's Brian and Teman goin' out to look for us." Then raising her voice she called to them : " Come this way, Brian ! if it's us you want." " Why, then, who else would we want ?" said Brian, joyfully, as he and Yeman approached with a rapid step; "what took you away from us at all? Everything is goin' wrong without you. The sorra play we can play—ask Yeman, now, if you don't b'lieve me/" " 'Deed I'll tell her no such thing," said Yeman, quickly; "it'sthat and the likes of it that spoils her on us. I think it'd be be fitter for her to stay with the rest of the girls than be goin' about alone this way discoorsin' ghosts and fairies and such things." "Take care of what you say, ma bouchal."' answered Maureen, pleasantly; "them things are not to be spoken lightly of, as you may find out when it's too late. Them Spaniards that be walkin' about here in stormy nights—" "Now, Maureen! what makes you be always talkin' of them?" cried her brother, in visible trepidation; "I told you before not to do it." "Here him now, Brian !" said Maureen, with a merry laugh; " I leave it to you if he didn't begin it himself? Come in now, anyhow, and we'll put the ghosts a one side for this time!" Maureen's return was hailed with general acclamation, and the shower of questions by which she was assailed would have been overpowering, had not her grandmother's volley of abuse for her prolonged absence created a diversion in her favour by exciting universal sympathy. Maureen took part in the play, which was just commencing, and then placed herself beside Shan, who sat in gloomy silence by the bed of death, with bis eyes fixed on the face that had been won't to cheer and comfort him. " Now, Shan!" said Maureen, in a soft, low tone, that fell like balm on his bleeding heart—" now, Shan, where's the use in lettin' yourself down this way P— turn round and look at the plays, can't you 1—you'll have time enough to grieve for them that's gone, and, besides, you're sure if she's not gone straight to heaven she ian't far off it!" "Ah, but, Maureen, Maureen! still and all I've lost my mother—she loved me anyhow—I'm sure of that—and it's all the comfort I can have now to look at her and think of all her goodness to me, and all she done for me. Go away, Maureen, Land don't lose the fun for me —my sorrow's all my own." "It's no such thing, Shan Driscoll— we all have our share in it, for poor Judy was everybody's friend." "God bless you, Maureen!" said Shan, with a quivering voice, " God for ever bless you, achorra, for the kind word—but sure you were a'most the last one in her mouth afore the breath left her. You didn't hear what she said, did you, Maureen ?" Maureen had not, for the truth was she had stealthily left the cottage on hearing her own name mentioned by the dying woman. Shan was just about to tell her, when Brien Kineely, obeying a sign from her, came forward, nothing loath, surely, and carried her off by force, it would seem, to take her part in some projected play. "I'll be back again," whispered Maureen. 'Oh! there's no occasion in life," returned Shan, coldly, " it's dull work watching the dead, and, as I told you before, I'm better alone!" On the following aqd last night of the wake there was a joyful commotion, amongst the youngsters especially, early in the evening, when no less a person than old Noddy Kinshela, the beggarwoman from town, made her appearance; She had heard of poor Judy's death, she said, and thought it was the least , she coold do to come out to the wqjke, if it, was nothing only on account of the many, a "rousing cup of tea they'had taken together in their time. Noddy, as a sort ofubiquitous inhabitant of Galway, had, kept possession, ofits streets o^ many a long year, and in her, capacity f queen of the" begging ;commpnity, had had frequent, Mid constantintenwurse with the Claddagh women whp habitually "stood th^ jnarket." Has resldenoe efitted hej^mock-regal-quality, being one of those old mansions whose foreign aspect and mouldering grandeur gave so strange a character to certain localities of the City of the Tribes. It had been for centuries the abode of a thriving branch of the Lynch family, but for many, many years it had been given over to decay, and in the great., wide, old-fashioned kitchen had Noddy Kinshela pitched her tent- soon after its desertion, when the last of the family died abroad. The old tottering walls, in many places roofless, afforded but little shelter from the winter's wind or the drifting snow; to others, too, the place was perilous in the extreme, but still it had many attractions for poor Noddy, for she had passed her girlhood and womanhood in the service of the family now extinct, and every stone in the old house was dearer to her than its weight in gold. Nor was she altogether as comfortless in her strange dwelling as one might at first suppose; for some of the neighbour boys had from time to time repaired the roof just over the kitchen—that is to say, the first floor of the house, and otherwise so improved it that, without at all lessening its air of venerable antiquity, they had kept it in a condition to shelter its lonely tenant. For the rest, Noddy was a person of no small importance in the community ; from having lived so long in the Lyuch family, ehe was necessarily acquainted with the secret history of that and many other houses, and this knowledge, whether real or supposed, gave her an indescribable but most potent influence amongst a people whoare proverbially fond of tales and legends of old time. Strange rumours were afloat of high and distinguished personages visiting Noddy under cover of the night, enveloped in various disguises, and these rumours were rather encouraged than ortherwise by the stately old beggarwoman, who took pleasure in thus maintaining her former connection with "the quality." Still she was secret as the grave on all points that affected the interest or the reputation of "the ould families," as she reverentially phrased it. The reader will now understand why Noddy's appearance at the wake was hailed with such joyful acclamation, but of course it was the signal for raising " the cry,"* in which she herself heartily joined. The chorus of wailing and clapping hands was no sooner over than Maureen took possession of a seat at Noddy's side, swallowing with avidity every word that fell from her lips, and ingratiating herself into, her good graces by every little attention she could think of, such as lighting her pipe, handing the funeral snuff, and all other such acceptable services. She had always, indeed, been somewhat of a favourite with Noddy, and this night gave her a secure footing in that enviable position. It was seldom that Noddy Kinshela condescended actually to praise anyone, but on this occasion she assured "Vara, who was her supporter on the right, that Maureen was " uncommon handsome, and might pass for a rale lady any day, as] far as shapes, makes and features went. To be sure," Noddy added, drawing up her tall, emaciated figure as she sat, she hasn't the genteel manner that comes from bein' with the quality— how could she have it, poor thing." " We don't want her to have it," Vara answered, tartly ; "she's well to be seen, and Bhe's as God made her. I'd trounce the life out of her if I seen her puttin' on airs—I would !" Noddy smiled in pity, and waved her hand majestically, as much as to say: '' What better could we expectf rom you ?'' Her silence, however, disarmed Vara's anger, so that good humour was speedily restored. In compliance with the general call for a story,. Noddy, after drinking "a good strong cup of tea," looked round on her silent and attentive audience with an eye thoughtful and complacent, and then commenced her story. * The caoine or death-cry. Amongst the unmixed Celtic communities of Ireland in the remoter parts of the country, "the ory" is renewed: at a wake as often as any friend or relative of the dead la seen to. enter. Man; of oar older readers may themselves have helped to " raise the ory" on similar occasions. It is a custom whioh oame to the Celts of Ireland from their earliest progenitors,' and goes to'prove their eastern origin. {To le continued.) 1 