IRELAND. IRISH AND SCOTCH GAELIC. THE following letter lately appeared in the Irish- American:— (To the Editors of the Irish-American.) New York, 9th August, 1878. GENTLEMEN,—Please allow me to say a few words in reply to the letter from Mr. John Murdoch, that appeared in your issue of the 7th instant. First, let me say that what I have written and what I may write as to the changes made in Scotch Gaelic must not be considered as having anything to do with, or coming from, the " Society for the Preservation of the Irish Language." I am a member of that society, but my strictures on Scotch Gaelic come from myself alone. Mr. Murdoch says that I allowed myself " to become so inflamed as to seize upon the imaginary design in the last century to create a new Gaelic in the Highlands of Scotland." I beg to assure Mr. Mur doch that the thing is by no means " imaginary;" it is a real, well-substantiated fact; and it would be much more logical and just for him to disprove my accusation by facts first, and then he could justly call it "imaginary." He says it is a "fiction" and an "impossibility." If so, why not -prove that my charge is a "fiction" and an "impossibility'!" If my accusation is unjust, surely it can be proved to be so. Are there not plenty of monuments of Gaelic extant, from the Book of Dier down to Carsewell's translation of J ohn Knox's Liturgy ? Can it be possible that there are no writings, either in print or manuscript of the present spurious Gaelic of the Highlands, much over a hundred yeaTS old? If there are, why have they not been produced ? It is over thirty years since John O'Donovan exposed the matter in his Irish Grammar; and from that day to this no piece of printed matter, in modern Scotch Gaelic, over a hundred or a hundred and twenty years old, has been shown to refute the charges made by him. Happily Carse well's book has been reprinted; it was translated in 1569'. James Duncan's Hymn Book,, printed in 1378, is also in existence. Will Mr. Murdoch say that these books are in modern Scotch Gaelic or will he say that the authors of them did not write them in the current language of their day ? He cannot do so How did it happen thatalrtaost at the same time'with the appearance of Mac- Pherson's:Ossian," the Testament also appeared in a brand-new language ? All thetfe questions were asked in my letter to the Irish-American with which Mr. Murdoch,finds such;fault. I respectfully beg to say that if Mr. Murdoch could not answer, them, or give some reasonable explanation of them, the better course would have "been to .omit his comments on my accusations until he was prepared to disprove .them; It is now four or five,months since the ' Society, for the Preservation - of the Gaelic lianguage" ivrote.a letter to the Highlamder, of which paperMrl Murdoch s editor. The purport of the letter was to; bring undfir12publi<T notice'the-discrepancies ietween^Sccifch., : and ; c Irish Gaelic, and'thereby^deviSe some plan'for assimilating,. i&ssjtepJ;!^Apossifcls,; Before the letter was written, Mr. Murdoch was communicated with, and he cheerfully consented to publish it. It was reprinted in the issue of the Irish-American, of 10th, August 1878. It was not the intention of the Society, so far as I can recollect, to have the letter printed in any paper but the Highlander. When, however, the letter did appear in the Highlander, it was so incorrectly printed, that it was found necessary to have it reprinted in the Dublin weekly papers. I should rather have said it was unfairly printed, for the specimens of Gaelic given in it from James Duncan's book were evidently purposely misprinted,, and one entire paragraph, showing plainly the artific?il alterations made in the present Sotch Gaelic, was altogether omitted ! I never intended that this most discreditable affair should be made public ; but the want of straightforwardness and manliness in Mr. Murdoch's letter to the Irish-American has terribly disheartened me ; and if he represents Highlanders in such a way, I fear the idea of assimilating the orthography, &c.;, of the two dialects will have to be abandoned. The letter from the society in Dublin to the Highlander was couched in the most friendly terms. None of- the Highland Gaelic scholars have, to my knowledge, replied to it. The artificial changes made in modern Scotch Gaelic were fully shown without eliciting what was aimed at—namely, a friendly discussion. After four or five months Mr. Murdoch takes up arms in defence of a fraud without giving a single proof to refute any charges as to the changes made in the Scotch Gaelic during the last century. I freely admit that, when I consider all the " shirkiness" and unfairness with which this matter has been treated by Scotch writers for the last half century, am fairly disgusted. Every decade some writer with little brains, and leBS truth, crops up in Scotland, to prove the truth of "Ossian" and the antiquity of a language that never existed. A Mr. Hately Wad del was the last genius of this kind. The enthusiasm of this gentleman for '' Ossian " is wonderful, seeing that he doe3 not understand Gaelic. He laughs our Irish Gaelic literature to scorn, and traces with great accuracy the localities of the battle described by Mac- Pherson, Mr. Waddel wrote a series of articles in the Highlander about two years ago in which the used most unseemly language in his attacks on the Irish. version of "Ossian." Mr. W. M Hennessy, the best and most erudite of our Celtic scholars, wrote letter to the Highlander, protesting against the language used by Mr. Waddel; and as I was a contributor to that journal at the time, Mr. Hennessy gave me the letter and I sent it to Mr. Murdoch, but he refused to publish it. Mr. Waddel might blackguard everything Irish to his heart's content, but no Irishmanispermittedtoreply. Thisisthe Highlander's idea of fair play. Armstroug, in order to prove the antiquity of Scutch Gaelic, says, in his grammar, that the present tenBe is wanting in that language; while Shaw, who compiled a Gaelic dictionary only about forty years before Armstrong's time, gives the present teuse of all the verbs in the language! Even Mr. Campbell, author of many works in Gaelic, seems to have adopted the unf ortunate habit too many of his countrymen possess of misrepresenting things. In his " Leabhar na Feine" he mentions a manuscript in the Royal Irish Academy, Dublin, as Laoi nan Geann. I took the trouble of getting a member of that institution to show me the manuscript, and found it was called " Laoi na Cceann"—the changing of na to nan before words beginning with consonants being one of the artificial alterations recently made in Scotch Gaelic. Now, any person reading Mr. Campbell's book, would at once come to the conclusion that he gave the title of. -the manuscript as he found it,, whereas 2ie manufactured it into modern . and spurious Scotch Gaelic. The moral of all this is, that lieB beget lies, and fraud begets fraud. M'Pherson commenced the bad work ; [and from this day to the present, Highlanders, who, from their position, should consider themselves everlastingly disgraced by countenancing deception of any kind, have, in treating of their language and literature, shown such a disregard of- truth that arguing with them seems utterly futile, Mr. Murdoch knows, as well, as he knows "he exists, that every word of my arifciole in the lrish-Arnerican is true. If it is false, he can easily prove .it to be so; andif h& can prove it to be false, I am perfectly willing to make a jnost bumble apology both to his countrymen and to him. ; . It is worse than nonsense to 8peak ,of .bringing the .Gael? # Soptland*; fegpfterr^^ kno.w, and, piade^Tyarilsif • --'--•»-± theV" ' '" • follow from their possessing a mutually -intelligible literature, the sooner the assimilation takes place the better. A rough outline of the main points of it were given in the letter from the Dublin Society to the Highlander, of which I have already spoken, but so far no attempt has been made by Highlanders to act on its suggestions. Their silence about it must be taken as a siga that they refuse to discuss the matter in a friendly spirit. So much the worse for themselves, for their refusal can have no other effect than that of showiDg the world that they are in the wrong, and • that the Irish are in the right.—Yours truly, T. O'N. RussELii. AN HOUR ON ANCIENT TJ8NA. (From the Dublin Freeman.) - Your Irish readers have ever shown their good taste in duly appreciating the powerful descriptions of rural scene and city life that occasionally appear in the Freeman. Central Asia and Southern Europe, North America and the dark Continent, as well as the British Islands and the Colonies, have each' and all a thrilling interest to the intellectual Celt. But when an Irish scene is the subject, far deepet still must be the pleasure of the Irish heart; for every mountain and valley, city, town, and village of the land has its own Bweet story of religion, heroism, or romance. This being so, I need not offer any apology for a few words on the "ancient Hill of Usna," which, combining the dimensions of a mountain with the beauties of a hill, rises above the bosom of the highest table-land in Ireland. I have just reached its summit and am charmed with the view which it commands. Standing on St. Patrick's Bed, the greenest of the green, I behold in succession parts of the four provinces of Ireland. From the town of Bailiboro' and the hills beyond I run my eye along the horizon of dim distance over Longford's level county, and away beyond the broad Shannon far into the plains of Roscommon. In the sunny south I view the hills of Tipperary, and turning to the east I see the storied Hill of Allen peeping through a hazy sunshine. What fine rich valleys and verdant hills lie between the points I have named; but how sadly desolate do they seem without the teeming population that Heaven would have inhabit them ! Here and there is a patch of luxuriant grain or root crop; but the broad acres in. thousands are green for the herds of the grazier; and instead of the merry song of boy and girl, the loud low and the sharp bleat of bullock and lamb, heifer and hogget, sound on the fair hills and swell in the green valleys. Viewing the places in near neighbourhood, my heart glows.with sympathy and joy as the first that meets my gaze is the scene of the " Deserted Village." What English reader would not have the same fond feelings on beholding that scene of innocence and ease, the birthplace of so pure a soul as Oliver Goldsmith ? Perhaps from this same spot he oft looked down over the. plain, on whose fair boBom—the first of all in beauty—was his 'own sweet village home. Not less interesting to some are the places so beautifully referred to in " Leo's" thrilling verse. The scenes he loved— " When first in accents free and young HiB voice through wild Glencarra rung.'' stretch out before me, and, 'with a sigh for his early death, and breathing a prayer for his departed soul, I turn to a spot of older fame. Rathconrath, where the Williamit'e army, under " fierce' Ginckle" assembled and encamped, ia close at hand. Oyer twenty thousand of that hostile army passed close by this hill when proceeding to demolish Bally more Castle, whose ruins ..-J now ^behold Burke'B gallant defence of the place is told with graphic power-in Sullivan's "Story of Ireland." Here The Bruce spent, some of his hapless time in Ireland, the guest of the gallant chieftains of the place. A look to the east and the eye rests on ancient Durrow, so saintly in the days long ago. Across twelve miles its lovely little chapel, with stately tower, laughs to me, in the setting sun. Still over the spot the smile of Heaven sheds a sweetness that calls freshly to the heart the feelings •of religion and love, and still the "Dote of the Irish Church" is fondly venerated by the pure-souled people who dwell around. A little northward is Tyrrctlspass, the scene of the brightest of Irish victories over an Euglish army. Nearer in view is Kilbeggan, where the men of '98 made a strong master but a bad, fight. All who bave read "Con Cregan" should be glad to look on the '-old town, as well as on Horseleap, where £ever stopped with a relative for a time/ and where^perhaps his famous story was -commenced.• < Kve; miles over a fair : «ountt£ «nd"';we .on the blue - yol • Iftn^JSntael,' having be-i its. bosdm v '4be stately mafiuioru jrd and Belvidere. Beautiful,1 indeed, they look, their windows glancing in the glory of the setting sun. Close to the shore on the western side of the lake is the Bweet little isle of Chro- Eunis, where Malichi Mor, the winner of the collar of gold, the predecessor and successor of Brian the Brave, died in December, 1021, surrounded by the saintly monkB of Durrow Abbey. The palace of this, the last High King of Erin, stood in stately grandeur on the neighbouring hill. Mullingar, to the north-west, sits, the bright queen of her her twin lakes, Lough Ennel and Lough Owel. Between Usna and the former lake is the far-famed village of Castletown-Greoghegan, with its two great, green moatB standing side by side, and its ruined abbeys and modern mansions peeping out from among its green groves, Coming now to the stately hill on which I stand, I must apologise for not treating of its fame and beauty the first of all. Still on the green sod of Saint Patrick's Bed, I lovingly think of him whose holy head was often laid upon so rude a pillow! It is a raised oblong of about six yards by three, and I believe from no other spot in the land can the four provinces of Ireland be seen. Here might the gentle Patrick have looked over the country he was sent to save; from this point might he have gfven. the benediction of God to the island and people of his love. Before leaving so sweet a spot I kneel down, and fervently thank God that, throughout Ireland, to-day, the holy religion of Patrick flourishes vigorously amongst the sons and daughters of the Celt. A little lake, set in the summit of the hill, like a pearl in an emerald mounting, is an object of great admiration. Beside it are the ruins of what was, perhaps, a monarch's home: and on the opposite side is a rath of about two acres in extent. Perhaps no other in Ireland is of so strange a structure—half its circumference being hemmed in by stone and the other by the ordinary fence. The remains of two or three Druidic altars are within it, and a very curious cave, with beautifullyarched entrance, claims for the spot a more than ordinary interest. Altogether the remains of seven or eight Druidic altars are to be seen on the hill. Leaving the ancient rath, I meet with four little babbling rivulets, that rush from|the hill-side, and, meeting lower down, rush in one sweet stream to the valley below. The meeting of Ayoca's waters is less charming than this—and, oh, for a Moore to sing us a sweeter song! Here I am now by the Royal Rock of the Brehon Law! Standing to a height of about thirteen feet, and still surrounded by the same circular seat whereon of old sat the legislators of the land, there is nowhere to be found a grander memento of liberty and law. Here sat au assembly of free Irishmen; shall the sun of heaven ever again shine on a free-born Gael ? At the base of the hill I come to large green moat, which may be the tomb of a Tuatha de Danaan king, who was killed on Usna when its name was Tamnecht. Stretching around this is the site of the ancient city of Kildare, which name old Irishmen translate the Centre Church. The ruins of a sxnall Brigidine Convent are standing here, and a well of silvery water bursts from beneath the walls. The well is beautifully shaped like a " Sacred Heart," and is devoutly visited by invalids. Some say that this is the very convent in which St. Brigid made her vows; nor is the assertion wanting in a kind of proof which may be gathered from the following :—When the young virgin was receiving the veil from St. Maccaille, she happened to touch one of the stpps of the altar, when it instantly burst forth into green growth. Long after, when the convent was burned down, this miraculous tree proved imparishable, and to-day, where of old the altar stood, a venerable ash stands up, spreading its broad, leafy branches over the sacrea spot. It is an object of much veneration to the devout people for many miles around, owing, no doubt, to the circumstance. I have just mentioned. I now turn away with slow tread and melancholy heart from the.many beauties and storied scenes that spread around and smile, upon the glowing heart of Ireland, the grand oia Still of Usna .' THE IBISH. XiOVB OF HOME. The remains of a man, who was buried six years ago in America, passed through Ballinasloe on the 14th .October, and were interredin Kilbegley graveyard. Sixteen years ago there dwelt a family named Kilduff in the parish of Moore, convenient to that . town. The times were none of the best, and Michael Kilduff, the head of the family, thought it best to emigrate, and so parted as brat he could with the " bit of. ground," gathered the family, group around him and with them emigrated to New York. In a little time! the JOldfcffir settled down in BeooUsfo-afoiled by* and time IwL^sheny handonoldMiohael; ge wSghad dowii JOs enfwbledframe, and he had to lie on a bed of sickness. Feeling his death approaching, the old man called his son to his bedside and besought him to convey his remains to the "dear old land," and lay his bones beneath the sod in Kilbegley churchyard, the village burial-ground. The old man died, but his son thought it was mere fancy proceeding from dotage which made his father prefer the strange request; and considering the immense trouble and expense involved in complying with it, he determined not heed it, and buried the deceased in Brooklyn. After the interment the son was. deprived of his rest at night by strange, unnatural noises in the house, and his belief was, and it is still his impression, that the place was haunted by his father's ghost. Circumstances, however, prevented him from obeying his father's dying wish until a short time ago, when, fortune favouring,' he had the remains dug up, placed in an oak coffin, and the whole enclosed in a box covered with galvanized iron, and put on board a homeward bound ship. On the day named Mr. Kilduff, with his father's remains, passed through this town. The coffin was placed beneath the sod in Kilbegley, and Kilduff is narrating in his native villiage to wondering listeners the story of his father's ghost. Old Michael Kilduff was a well-known Ribbonman at the time of that "scare" in Ireland, Many of the inhabitants here could scarcely beiieve that the long box brought through Ballinasloe by the "stranger" held his father's bones till they saw it lowered into its narrow home. AN IBISH AEBIAL BRIDGE. A short distance beyond Ballycastle, in the direction of the Causeway, near the village of Ballintoy, is the island crag and swinging bridge of Carrick-a- Rede—"the rock in the road"—so called, according to some authorities, because it intercepts the passage of the salmon along the coast, or, according to others, " the rock of the bridge." The chasm separating the rock from the mainland is sixty feet wide and eightyfour feet in depth. The summit of the island is of the same elevation as the mainland, about three hundred and fifty feet above the sea- level. It is connected with the mainland by two strong ropes fastened to iron rings fixed in the rock on each side of the chasm; across the ropes some boards are placed, thus forming that " dread bridge " which— By hempen fetters bound From steep to steep at Beda's gulf profound, Light as the work of sylphs, above the seas Aerial hangs, and shivers in the breeze. Over this slight structure, which swings to and fro in the wind, men and women are constantly crossing to and from the island, sometimes carrying heavy burdens, apparently as unconcerned as if walMng on the public road. 