CHILDREN'S CORNER Why Wilster Elspeet's Ship Went into the Church. (From St. Nicholas.) (Continued from our last issue.) BY SARAH J. PRICHARD. AT noon Briel wished he had eaten more breakfast, telling the little bunch in the other end of the boat, "that the fog made a fellow very full of hunger, after rowing so." Rhena's sun-bonnet grew limp, and more limp, until it fell over her eyes, and shut oat the sea and the shrouding mist. She threw it off. Her Tery hair was wet aa she tossed back her curls and peered to the right and to the left, in her yam search for something firm to make fast to. " Couldn't we fasten the boat to a buoy and keep from drifting, if we find one," she asked. "Yes, if we oould see one." But their utmost search found only sea below and fog above. " I know now how a poor fly feels when it ia caught in a web," said Rhena, after a long pause. "It's ever so much worse, though," remarked Briel, i' when the fly sees the spider coming, and our spider, Rhe, is the Cavern Rock." " But," a*id Rhena, with a great quaver in her voice," we couldn't help hearing the roar and •wash through the caves." "Then we mustn't talk," suggested Briel, and they kept silence for a long time, until Khena grew cramped with her long- kept position, and stepped carefully down into the boat, and crept by gentle movement, dose to the oar-seai and laid her head on Briel's knee. i "Are you glad I came ?" she whispered. "The old fog is a bit lonely," confessed Briel. "Do you think we could hear (he (Sarlabab band now f" questioned Rhena. • " I wish they'd send off a gun or two from the old battery, just to tell a fellow where we are," said the young paptain. "I suppose they would, if they had missed.v« at home." "If I only did know which way home is,'! moaned Che little girl, putting her hand betwtett her cheek and Briel's rough trousers. " Don't be hard upon a,feUow now, and cry," begged the boy." " I 'won't, Briel, not«tear,; bat oh! what if we never see home again, npr mo&er; and father is w> proud of you, Brial, and to-morrow i» the Sunday, yon know, and the Governor's baby ia to be baptised in the church, What if I am n6t there to go up the aisle wilih my little mug of, water, to help fill the font! There. will be m many as a hundred, all dressed in white, to go* and mother said I might carry the aiver oup to-; morrow, for the governor's baby. If I ,tyd i<t bow, I'm afraid I shouldn't pour the water into the font, I'm tod thirsty I 0, Briel I how tong did the longest fog you ever knew, last ?" . "Summer fogs aren't muoh, and we'll get out of this pretty soon. Why, just as soon as we're missed, they'll look for us everywhere ; the coast* guard will be out, and I shouldn't wonder if they would illuminate Cavern Rook for us to -night. Wouldn't that be jolly ?'■• Rhena thought it would, but much preferred getting home before night should come. Ihe afternoon waned. Somewhere the sun went down, doubtless. All that the children knew was that the fog darkened and drifted by in leaden sheets, drifting them into colder cold. Wilster Elspeet got out his load of oysten and sailed away for home, early in the morning of Saturday, but it took him five or six hours to get slowly down the Elbe and fairly into the North Sea, so that he was just outside when the fog caught him. It was an easy matter to about sail and anchor in the river. And there he waited until midnight, when, with a swift wind, the mist fled away, leaving him the full moon overhead, and a fair breeze for Heligoland. He sped in, past the reef, and sailed into harbor before the dawn. In the pale moonlight, figures were moving up and down on the pier, at which he wondered. The coast- guard boats were gone from their moorings ; he was surprised at that, also. '• What's happened here ?" he called, from his deck. A wreck in the fog ?" "Children lost in the fog!" came back the response. " Their names f he demanded. "Wilster Elapeet's boy and girL" " How, man ? quick !" M Went to haul in for lobsters, it is supposed." " Tell Wilster Elspeet's wife he's gone to sea for them," he cried, and immediately he put out into the deep. He sailed to and fro for hours, keeping a sharp outlook across the moon-way, searching, searching on every side the league* of wave hu boat ■urged through. He stood on deck and listened, uutil it seemed to him that hia ears could hear the very breathing of bis children should their little boat pass near. He thought of his three brave boys, whose lives bad been taken by the sea; he thought of his wife on Urn island, left behind amid the waves ; of bis home and neighbors ; of the church, where he himself was baptised and married Aa he thought, his whole heart seemed to go oat and cover the whole ocean in one intense longing to gather out of it the little boat that held Briel and Rhena. Then he seemed to see again the. old church up the cliff and the little ships, under full sail, hanging from its high ceiling, and to remember that each one of them had been placed there by someone who, in the time of great peril, had vowed to God that he would do it if saved from the sea. Then Wilater Elspeet made his tow. It was that, if permitted to fold his arms about! his living children again, he would offer to the Lord the best gift he knew to give,—even a model of his bravest ship,—"The Hertha." It would awaken anew his gratitude as often ss he should see it suspended in the air, if only God would grant to him cause for gratitude. Of the two thousand inhabitants of the little island, not one had passed a oheerful night, for , might not this fate fall next on any one of them! At day-break, on Sunday morning, the long .peer was crowded with anxious souls. Thegover i nor was there with the people, for the governor, too, had children. The coast-guard boat*, out all night, came in, with no news, to breakfast their ; crews and sail again. The North Peak held its little crowd of sea-gazers. ■ Men stopped into row-boats and went to search the caves by the light of day that they had thrust torches into all night, in vain. The sun came up, and the night-eye in the lighthouue closed. The boats that were far out on the horison's edge seemed to move lazily to and fro. It was ' Sunday and the church-bell rang, because, en Sunday, it always did ring. There were flowers 'in tbe church for the coming baptism. The con gregation gathered slowly. The sad faces in the ; governor's pew looked oat through the curtained. I windows across the communion-table at the sad ' faces in the minister's curtained box opposite. j The women and little children filed in slowly, I and sat in tbe pews bearing on their doors their i family name*. The men entered the galleries, around which, very long ago, some artist painted ; scenes suggested in Bible story, their eyes wan. dering, as they always did, up to the ceiling, where hung the ships, each one of which had its own glad or sad story, well known to the islander*. As the service began, the clergyman reading from, beside the communion-table, there was unwonted movement in the church, —men went out and, 1 men came Jin and went again ; they could not i rest The two children in the open boat, drifting on the great deep, without food, were earnestly prayed for, and when of God their safe return. was asked, every lip and heart answered, "Amen I", The minister climbed into the little box abort* the communion-table, and preached his sermon. But no one seemed to hear a word of it, for, H contained 7 rib news from (he boat at sea. At its close, the doors opened, and in came ike throng of little ones, each bearing a small mug of water, which he or she poured into the curious font whose supports are so very old that nototo knows by whom, or in what age of the worftL the> Were made. The governor's baby received ©TnM^wThe'mysifc drops that sealed him* child of the Church of .Chnst, and as the solemn names of "Ffctlfcr, Sob and Holy Ghost" were spoken by the Lutheran pastor, and died away amid the sails of theahipjt j» the ceiling, a low, sweet flute-like note* seemed to come In from door Mtd window and fill all the place. < I The men in the gallery, half rose from their seats ; the women below looked around in won* dering surprise,;, ,the children ,in the aisles whjaraed together. Soon the strange sound was hejurtLagain. .. •.• • . •.> ■ - -. j The minister listened, and said.: "Friend*! ftat was Wfister Blspeet's boat-horn. You mjXk receive ,ihe benediction, and, go forth to meafe him." .:.,!, The entire congregation, white-robed ohildteßr and all, filed down the great cliff sUir-way, headed by the'governor and the miaieter, aijd; stood, a solid mass of humanity, on the pier, *» watch tbe oysterrketeh, with its message of woe, or weal, come in. . ' > On the pier's outermost edge waited the Elspeet mother, against wbose stony grief noon* dared to cast a spray of comfort. She had walked the island's shore all night and all day, and now had come to meet the end. Someone on board could be seen moving to and fro as the sail drew near and nearer. Presently the captain leaned out to look. He saw the eager crowd awaiting him. Seising his horn.,he blew from it a succession of blasts, whose lan guage, without words, was understood alike by native and by stranger. While they looked and listened, he disappeared, and roue again, a boy in one arm, a girl by hie side. The boy waved his right arm ; the father stirred the arm of the rescued girl; and up from Heligoland pier a glad shout struck against the cliff, —a shout that echoes even here. [TIIE END.] Hb had been sitting still so long that th» mother expected to find him asleep when she looked around and asked : " Well, Harry, what are you thinking of ?" " Ma, are we very rich I" he solemnly enquired. By way of reply, "In one way we are," she said; " your father says he ralues me at $3,000,000, you at $2,000,000, and the baby at $1,000,000." That closed the con venation on that subject, bat next morning m Harry was getting on bis overcoat, he examined the new patch which had been added, and coolly observed : " Well, I think father had better sell off about half of you or the whole of the baby and get the rest of us some decent duds to put on." Little Laura was tired and sleepy on New Year's night whan she prepared for bed and forgot to say her "Now I lay me." and in apology to her mother for the neglect said, as she togged away at her little stockings : " I touldn't go to Heaven to-night, mamma, aoy way in the world, toe I'm too tired." A lady taking tea at a small company, befag very food of hoi rolls, was asked to have another. " Really, 1 cannot," she modestly replied : M I don't kuow how mauy I have eaten already." " I do," unexpectedly cried a juvenile upstart, whoee mother had allowed him a s«at at table* w You've eaten eight ; I've been eountlo' I" Lrrn.l boy at th» o|*uiug ut a proposed spel« ling-match -" Let's start fair, grandmother. You Uke *NebacoadiMSttr,' and I'U Uke 'oat."* 