tymkjik SOUKOE OF PERSONAL BEA.TJTY. -GhrUtian Oloie. . A BEAUTuroi, person ia the natural form of a beautiful ao.Ql.. The mind iiuildi ita own boueo. The eoul takes preeedonoe of the body, au'd ebapei (bo body to ita own A vacant mind lakes all tlio meaning ont ol the fairest face. A : Bensual dlepoe.tlou doforms tuo . handsomest features. A oold, aolflili heart shrivel* and distort* the beat look>. A mean, grovelling spirit Ukea all tho dignity out ol the figure and all tba character out ot the oauntenanoe. A oberiah?d hatred transform* the moat beaatllul linea nionti into an image of ugliness. It ia a> impossible to preserve goodlooks with a brood ot bad paaeions leediag on the blood, a Bet ol low loret tramplnif thrbngh'the heart, and a ?elflab, disdainful spirit enthroned in the will, as to preserve the beauty of an elegapt manaion with a Utter of swine 'in the baae went M a tribe o( gipsies in the parlour and owls and vultures in the uppor part. Bsdut?S and boanly will no more keep oompa?y a great while than will oou?ort with hualtb, or aa -elegant aarv ing anrriTo the furnaoe flre. The experi ment o( putting them together hae been triod for tbouranda of jear?, but with one nnvary iog result. There ia no sculptor like the mind. There is nothing that, ao refluea, poliabea and eunoblei iaoe and mien an the constant presence of great thoughts. The man who Uvea in the region of tJeas, moon beama though they be, becomes idealised. metioi whioh can contribute a tUbe'ao muoh of the dignity, the strength, the ennobliugol a man's looka, a< a great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, an un quenchable enthusiasm. Bat more powerful mill than any of these aa a beantifler ol the person .ia the overmastering purpose and pervading diapotilion ot kindness in the heart. Afljollon is the or ganising force ia the ha man consti tution. Woman ia fairer than man beeauae ahe has more affdotlon than man. lioveli ue?a is the outaide of love. Ktndneas, aweot bms, goodwill, a prevailing desire and determination to make others liappy, make the body a temple ot tho Holy Ghost. The aoul that is lull of pure and generous llonj, faahiona the features >uto its own angelia likeness, as the lose, by inherent impulse,.grows in graoa and blossoms into lovuliuess whiah art cannot eq.nal. Tnere is nothiug on "earth irhioh so quibkty trans ugnrus a personality, refines, ozalts, ir luveliness, aa a pervading, prevailing kiudnese of heart. The angels are beautiful, because they aro good, nod Gjd is beautiful beaania Uβ i< love 