1 THE FATHER'S KISS. A SEBMON BY THE 32QV. DB. TALMAQE. <*Wien ho waa yet a great way off his father saw . .lum'aiid had compassion, and ran and foll on his neck and kissed him."-ST. LUKE XV. 20. I havo often described to you tho going away of this prodigal son from his~fnthoi-'s houso and I have showed you what a hard time ho had in tho wildoi hosB, and what a very great mistake it was for him to leavo so beautiful a homo tor such a inisorablo desert. But ho did not always ßtay in the wilderness; ho carno back aftor a while. Wo don't read that his mo *l.ai. Mino tn rrremi: Tn m. T srninnsn olin TT-OO Ann,! CU.« vrould have been the first te como out. The father would havo given tho second kies to the returning prodigal ; tho mother tho first. It may havo boon for the look of her example mid prayers that ho became a prodigal. Sometimes tho faxhor docs not know how io manage tho ohildron of tho household ; tho chief work comes upon tho mother. Indeed, no one ovor cots ovor the calamity of losing a mother in early life. Still, thiayoungman WH3 notungreotcd whonhecame back. Howovor woll appareled wo may bo in tho morning, whon wo stai't ont on a journoy, before night, what with tho dust and tho jostling, wo have lost all cleverness of appoavance. But this prodigal, when ho started from hin swine trough, was ragged and wretched, and his apçeuranco after ho had gone through days of journeying and exposure, you can more easily imagino than describe. As the pooplo seo tba -prodigal coming on homeward, they wonder who ho is. They say ! " I wonder what prison ho has broken out of. I "wonder what lazarotto ho has es caped from. I wonder with what plague ho will amito tho air." Although these peoplo might have boon ac quainted with tho family, yet they don't imagine that this is* tho vory young man who wont off only a little whiloago with quick step and ruddy oheck aud boau ?iifnl apparel. Tho young man, I think, walka very ? fast. He looks as though ho were intent upon some thing very important. Tho people stop ; they look at him ; they wondor whore ho came from j they wonder frhoro he is going. You have hoard of a sou who went .¿ff.to sea and nover returned. All the peoplo in tho neighbourhood thought that the son would never ro tara, but the parents carno to no such conclusion. 'They would go by.tho hour and day and sit upon tho beach, looking off upon tho water, expecting to soo ?tho sail that would bring homo tho long absent boy. And so, I think, thia father of my text sat under tho tine looking out towards tho road on which his son had .dopartcd; but the father has ohanged very much iinco wo saw him last. His hair has become whito, his chocks are furrowed, his heart is brokon. Y/hat . is all his beautiful table to him when his son may bo laoking bread ? What is all the splendour of the ward robe of that homestead when tho son may not have a ?decent coat ? What aro all tho sheep on tho hillsido io that father when his pet lamb is gone ? Still ho .sits and watches, looking out on tho road, and ono .day ho beholds a foot traveller. Ho seos him rise ¡above tho hills, firnt tho head, and after a whilo the .ontiro body, and as soon as ho gets a fair glanco at him he knows it is his recreant son. Ho forgets tho .crutch,an<ï tho cane and tho stiffness of tho joints, ;and bounds away. I think tho peoplo all around woro ramazed. They saids "It is only a foot-pad; it is .only an old tramp of tho road.; don't go ont to meet him." The fathor know better. Tho chango in tho son's appearance could not hido tho inarks by which íjho father know tho boy. You know that persons of a great deal of independence of character aro apt to indicate it in then- walk. Forthat reason tho sailor .-almost always has a peculiar step, not only because ho stands much on shipboard, amid tho rooking of the 'lea, and ho has to balauco himself, but ho has for tho ?most part an independent charaotor, which would show itsolf oven if ho never wont on tho sea, and wo know what transpired afterward and from what transpired before that this prodigal son was of an in dependent and frank nature, and I supposo that tho 'Characteristics of his mind and heart wore tho cha racteristics of his walk. And so the father knew him. 'flo puts out his withorodnrms toward him. Ho brings his wrinkled face against tho palo chook of his son. .HQ kisses tho wan lips. He thanks God that tho long ágony is over. " When ho was yet a groat way off his father saw him, and had compassion, and ran and .j;ell on his nock and kissed him." Oh, don't you recognise that father? Who was it? ft is God 1 Í havo no sympathy with that cast hon theology which represents God as hard,_ severo, and vindictive. God is a fathor, kind, loving, lenient, 'gontlo, long- suffering, pationt, and ho flies to our im mortal rescuo. ' Oh, that wo may realise it to-day. A yqalthy lady in ono of tho eastern countries was ..going off for some timo and she asked her daughters for some memento to carry with her. Ono of tho ?daughters brought a marblo tablet, beautifully iu .scribi'd, and another daughter a beautiful wreath of nowcrs. The third daughter came and said : "Mother, I brought no flowers or tablet, but hero is my heart. I hayo inscribed it all over with your name, and Whorover you go it will go with you." The mothor rc ?cognised it as tho best of all tho mementoes. Oh, that to-day our souls might go out towards tho Lord Jesus Christ, towards our Father-that our heart might bo ??pitton all over with tho evidences of his loving kind ness, and that wo might never again forsake him. Lord God, this day "by thy Holy Spirit move uponour affections ! In tho first placo, I notico in this text, tho father's ?eyesight; in tho Becond place, I'notico the father's ?ftasie; and in tho third placo, I notico tho father's kiss. 1 To begin : Tho father's eye-sight. " When he was jet a great way off his father saw him." Yon havo noticed how old peoplo sometimos put a book off on tho other side of the light ; they can soe at a distance «groat deal easier than they can close by. I don't know whether ho could seo woll that which is near by, but I do know that ho could see a great way off. í í*Ja father Baw him." Perhaps he had been looking for the return of that boy especially that day. I don't VA\ , tliat 110 h[ul bcon in prayer and that God aaa told him that that day tho recreant boy would ^omohome^ " Tho father saw him a great way off." { i. wondor if God's eye-sight can descry us when wo «SQ coming back to him ? Tho text pictures our con dition-wo aro a 'great way off. That young man ttas not farthor off from his father's house, sin is not tartlicr off from holiness, hell is no farther from Hea ven than wo have been by our sins, away from vioa ; aye, so far off that wo could not hear his voice Tfl V! vebemen% to has called us year after year. I?on tknowwhatbadhabits yonmay haveformed orin TmT cvll,Pl!loes have boon or what falso notions i" D}a,y haTo entertained ; but yon aro ready to ac fnowicdgo, if your heart has not boen changed by tho trracc of God, that you aro a great way off, Ayo, so far ^M'ou cannot get back of yourselves. You would Uko to comeback. Aye, this moment you wonjil start if it were not for this sin and that habit and thia^dis ! advantage. But I am to toll you of tho father's eye I sight. " Ho saw him a great way off. " Ho ho s seoir all your frailties, all your struggles, all your disad vantages. Ho has been longing for your coming. Ho has not beon looking at you with a critic's eye or a bailiff's oyo, but with a Father's oyo, and if ¡a parent ever pitiod a child, God pities you. You Bay, "Oh, I had so many evil surround [ jugs when I started in life." Your Father socs it. You say, " I have so many bad surroundings now and it is very difficult for mo to break away from ovil associations." Your Father sees it, and if this mo ment you should start heavenward, as I pray you may, your Fathor would not sit idly down and allow yon to struggle on upward toward him. Oh, no! Seeing you a great way off, ho would fly to tho roscuo. I How long does it take a fathor to leap hito thc middlo of tho highway if his child bo thoro aud a swift vehicle is coming and may destroy him. Fivo hundred>times longer than it takes our henvonly father to spring to the deliverance of a lost child. "When he was a great way off hiB father saw him." And thia brings mo to notico tho fathor's hast Tho Bible says ho ran. No wonder. He didn't kno bat tho young man would chango his mind and g back. Ho did not know hut that ho woul d drop dow from exhaustion. Ho didn't know but somethin fatal might ovortako him boforo ho got np to thc doo¡ sill, and so the fathor ran. The Bible for tho BIOE part speaks of God as walking. " In the fourth watc of tho night" it say/!, " Jesus came unto thom wal] ing on the sea." " Ho wallcelh upon tho winds." Ou first parents hoard the voice, of tho Lord, walldng i tho garden in the cool of tho day ; but when a sinne starts for God, tho father runs to moot him. Oh, if man over wants help it is when ho. tries to bocomo Christian. Tho world says to him, " back with you havo moro spirit, don't bo hampered with religion timo enough yet ; wait until yon got sick, wait unti you got old." Satan says, "back with you ; you al so bad that God will have nothing to do with yon,' or, ''you are good onough and need no Eedoemor Take thino case ; oat, drink, and bo morry." Tei thousand voices say, " back with yon. God is a har« master. Tho church is a collection of hypocrites Baok into your sins, back into your evil indulgences hack to your prayorless pillow. Tho silliest thin] that a young man ever docs is to como homo after h has been wandoriug." Oh, how much holp a man doc want when ho trios to become a Christian. Indoei tho prodigal can't find his way homo to his father' house alone. Unless somo ono comes to meet him h had hotter havo staid by tho Bwino- trongk chowiiij tho carobs of tho desert. "When tho sea comes iu a full tido you might moro easily with your broom swec] back the surgc3 than you could drivo back tho ocoai of your unforgiven transgressions. "What are wo ti do? Aro we to fight tho battlo alono and trudge 01 with no one to aid us and no rock to sheltor ns and ni word of encouragement to cheer ns. Glory bo to Go< we have in tho text tho announcement, " When h was yot a great way off his father ran." When th sinner starts for God, God starfcgfor tho sinner/ Go< does not como out with a slow and hesitating paco the infinite spacc3 Blip beneath his feet and ho take: worlds at a bound. " The father ran !" Oh, wonderful mooting when God and tho sou como togother. "Tho fathor ran !" You start fo: God and God starts for you, and thia morning and thi houso is tho time and tho place whon yon moet, am whilo tho angels rejoico over tho mooting, your lon injured father falls upon your neck with attostatioi of compassion and pardon. Your poor wandoriug sinful, polluted soul and tho loving, tho ctornc Father's have mot. I remark upon tho fathor's kiss. " Ho fell on hi neck," my text says, " and hokissed him." It is no every father that would have done that way. Ii would havo scolded him and said, "hero, you wont ol with beautiful clothes, but now yon aro all tatters you went off healthy and como back sick and wastoc with your dissipations." He didn't say that. Tho son haggard and ragged and filthy and wretched stoot beforo his father. Tho father chargod him with noni of his wanderings ; ho just received him, ho jus kissed him. His wretchedness was a recommondatioi to that fathor's love. Oh, that fathor's kis3 ! IIo^ shall I describo the love of God? The ardour witl which ho receives a sinner back again ? Give me t plummot with which I may fathom this sea ; glvo m< a ladder with which I can scalo this height ¡ gUo m< words with which I can describo this love. Tho aposth says in ono plaoé, "unsearchable;" in another "past finding ont." Height overtopping all height depth plunging beneath all depth, breadth compas sing ali immensity. Oh, this lovo. Don't you bc lievo it ? Has ho not done everything to make yoi think so? Ho has given you lifo, health, friends; home, tho uso of your hands, tho sight of your oyo! the hearing of your ear ; Ho has strewn your path with mercies, ho has fed you, clothed you, sheltered yon. defended yon, loved yon, importuned.you, all youi fifo long. Don't you believo ho loves you? Whyj this morning, if you should start up from tho wilder ness of your sin, ho would throw both arms around you. To make you believe that ho lovea yon ho stooped to manger and cross and septxlchro. With all tho passions of his holy nature roused ho stands be foro you to-day and would coax you to happiness, and Heaven. Oh, thi3 father's kiss !_ Thero is such meaning and love and compnsaion in it-so much par don in it-so much Heaven iu it. I proclaim him tho Lord God merciful and gracious, long suffering and abundant in goodness and truth. Lest you wotdd not believe him, he goes up Golgotha, and while tho rocks are rending and tho graves arc opening and tho mob3 aro howling and tho sun is hiding ho_ dies for you. Seo him. See him on tho mount of crucifixion, tho sweat on his brow tinged with tho" blood exuding from his lacerated tomples. Sec his eyes swirnniing in doath. Hear tho loud breathing of the sufferer as he pants with a world on his heart. Hark to tho fall of blood from brow and hand and foot on tho rock beneath drop, drop, drop ! Look at thc nails ! How wide tho wounds are-wider do they gap as his body comes down upon them. Oh, this crucifixion agony. Tears melting into tears ; blood flowing into blood ; dark ness dropping no Edarkncss ; hands of mon joined with tho hands of devils to tear apart tho quivering heart of tho Son of God! Oh, will ho never speak again? Will that crimson face ever light up again? Ho trill speak again, while tho blood is suffusing his brow and reddening his cheek and gathoring on nostril and lip, and you think ho ia exhausted aud cannot speak; ho cries out until all the agos hear him i " Father, forgivo thom, they kuow not what thoy do!" Is there no emphasis in such a scene a3 that to make your dry eyes weep and your hard heart break ? Will you turn your back upon it and say by your actions what tho Jews said by their words : " His blood bo on us, and on our childron?" What does it all mean, my brother, my sister ? Why, it means that for our lost race there was a Father's kiss. Love brought him down ; lovo opened tho gate; lovo led to tho sacrifice; love shattered tho gravo; lovo lifted himup in resurrec tion-sovereign lovo, omnipotent lovo, infinite lovo, blooding lovo, everlasting lovo. f ' Oh, for tlus love let rocks and rdls, J Their lastinff silenco break» And alf harmonious human tonguos, Tho Saviour's praises speak." ' Now will you accoept that Father's kiss ? Tho MOlf Spirit oaka'you to. Tho Holy Spirit comes to you this morning with his arousing, molting, alarming, inviting, vivifying jnflupnoe. Hearer, what croates iuthco that unrest? It is tho Holy Ghost. What sounds in your cars to- day, tho joys of tho saved and tho sorrows of tho condemned? It is tho Holy Ghost. What influonoo now telb theo that it is time to fly, that to-morrow may bo too lato, that thero is ono door, ono road, ono cross, ono sacrifice-one Jesus ? It is tho Holy Ghost. Don't you think ho is hero? I seo it in those solomn looks ; I seo it in these tearful eyes ; I see it in these blanched cheeks ; I soo it in tho upturned faco of childhood and tho earnest gaze of old age. I know it from this silenco liko tho grave. Tho Holy Ghost ia hore, and. while I speak tho [chains of captives aro falling, and the dungeons of sin aro opening, and tho prodigals coming and the fathers running, and angels aro shouting and devils aro trembling. Oh, it is a momentous hour. It is charged with eternal destinies. Tho shadows of tho eternal world flit over this assemblage. Hark ! I hear tho songs of tho saved I hear-tho bowlings ot tho damned. Heaven and hell this hour. Thy destiny is being decided, thy doom is being fixed. Tho door of meroy sb wido opon begins to close. It trembles on its hinges and soon will bo shut. ThoEO go into lifo and those go into death. Those have begun to march to Heaven tind those have com menced to die. Those havo begun to riso and those have begun to sink-Hallelujah ! hallelujah ! Woo ! woo ! < It scorns to mo as if tho judgment wore past. I imagino it is past. I imagine that all tba Bcntonoos have been awarded, tho'righteoua onthroned the wicked driven away in his wickedness. Shut all the gates of Heaven': thero aro no moro to como in. Bolt all the* gatos of 'darkness-HO moro to bo allowed to como out. Hark I tho eternal ages havo begun their un ending tramp ! tramp 1 tho pivot of 