OPERA BOUFFE. "LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE." The new Opera Bouffe Company will open the season to-morrow evening at the Theatre Royal with " Lea Cloches de OorneviUe." This comic opera was composed by Robert Planquette. It is in three acts; the music is light and sparkling, being divided into 22 parts, including a barcarole, several other dashing melodies, with the usually interspersed chorus, &c.; As it has never been performed in Adelaide^ we give the following outline of the work :— An old nobleman, having been proscribed, has fled his native country, leaving his property in charge of an unjust steward, and his child to be reared in ignorance of her station. Serfolette is a foundling, who has bran brought up by Father Gaspard in rustic simplicity, whilst Germaine, his niece, has been well educated. The latter he intends to marry to the Bailie of Corneville, a pompous silly old fellow, whom he is desirous of securing in furtherance of his own interests. An understood good feeling exists between Germaine and Grenicheux, a good-looking young idler about the place, because the girl is under the impression that Grenicheux rescued her from drowning. Grenicheux, however, only cares for her for her money, and really loves Serfolette. At the moment when Grenicheux is endeavouring to persuade Germaine to jilt the Bailie and marry him the Marquis de Corneville appears on the scene. He has once previously paid a visit to his ancestral place, upon which occasion he saved Germaine from a watery grave and placed her insensible in the arms of Grenicheux, who happened to be near at hand. The Marquis, who is incognito, now foils in love with Germaine and after a furious quarrel with Gaspard, she and Grenicheux enter the service of the Marquis. In the second act the Marquis makes himself known to the Bailie while making a tour ef inspection with his followers through the old chateau, which has long been reputed to be haunted. Tbe party come upon evidences'of recent occupation, and find some old papers, amongst which is a letter from the Count de Lucenay committing his infant daughter, Clement Lucienne, with money, to the care of Father Gaspard. Serfolette pieces the evidence together and declares that she must be the lady in question. As it is evident that some one has only recently been about the place the Marquis conceals his party to lie in wait for the trespasser. Old Gaspard enters exulting in being able to use the old chateau as the hidingplace for his ill - gotten riches. It is he who has personated the ghost at the 'windows and scared the villagers with mysterious noises. Whilst gloating over his money-bag the bells of Corneville chime out, and the Marquis and his followers discover themselves, which so terrifies the miser that he becomes mad, and the curtain foils on the fulfilment of the prophecy that tbe bells of Corneville shall ring out when the heir to the estate enjoys his own. In the third act Gaspard is led by artful means to the disclosure of his dishonesty with regard to the estate and the parentage of Germaine, who proves to be Clement Lucienne, Countess of Lucenay. The MariquTs marries her, and Serfolette bestows herself on Grenicheux, the miser repents, recovers his reason, and everything ends happily. With an evident desire to study the comfort of the patrons of the Theatre Royal Mr. Allison has purchased, for the better ventilation of the bouse, what he calls a-" blower,"' by means of which it will be possible to conduct cool air into any part of the house. The machinery consists of a wheel like the blower of a winnowing machine, playing in a sheet-iron " drum" about f eet high, which is turned by a crank. To the " drum" a bind of ahsail or canvas tube kept open by cane hoops is attached, which can be taken in any direction. Thus, by placing the blower at the back of the stage and carrying the windsail into the body of the theatre, cold air can be introduced, which, expelling the hot air, will render the plaice much more comfortable to visitors on warm nights, than it is at present. During the present season, too, the programmes will be of a novel and diverting character. The borders will be illustrated by figures of the principal characters in the various operas performed, while the centres of the pages will be devoted to a synopsis of the piece of the evening and interesting theatrical items. MISTAKEN IDENTITY.—A case of mistaken identity, showing how easy it is even for policemen sometimes to make mistakes came unde^ our notice on Thursday. A Port-road dr&yman;< who is carting galvanized iron from the Railway Goods-shed to a well-known firm in town attended as usual at 6 o'clock on Thursday morning with his man. Finding, however, that the firm's men were hot likely to be there for some time, he told his man he had better go to breakfast. -The man was quite agreeable, and went. In Hindley-street he aCCC"te4 a policeman and asked him if he could tell him -rib*** he could get breakfast. The answer of the g!*ardian of the peace was slightly different to what he expected, namelj—"You're just the man I want; I've been looking for you foir a month." The man under the circumstances was of course astounded, but explained who he was and that his cart was at the Railway Station. But all it/ vain. The policeman sua, " You must go with me; there's a warrant out for yon," and he took his prisoner to the station. On arriving there the man was placed in the custody of a detective, who nad instructions to take him to the Port. Arrived at the Railway Station the man pointed out the horse and cart which he should have been attending to, and desired the detective to make enquiries of his master, whom he also pointed out; but the detective said he had instructions to take him to the Port, and to the Port he must go. They accordingly went down to the Port, whera there was la slight surprise for the detective. He presented the warrant to the sergeant in charge, who, after looking at it and at the man, whom he knew as a drayman, aaid, "Here, take^him out of this. The warrant is for a Swede, and the nan taken into custody-IB an Irishman." Meanwhile the master was in a great state about his man being away at breakfast so long, and during the dinner hoar went to almost every public- house to look for him, having quite made up his mind to discharge him. In. the afternoon the man appeared' and told his story. He was told that it was a nice cock-and-bull yarn, but he asked that enquiry should be made at the Police Station. This was acted on, and the story was found to be true. The master thinks that he should not lose the services of his man for a day and keep his/horse and dray doing nothing, and says he intends to claim damages from the police. 