Stray iNTotes. [Br a Yoono MmiuuiioNriiAN.] We nro living in an ngo tlint line called fortli inucl'i witticism iind Baliro from men af cnliljro of ov-ery nation anij clime, for tlio aiuuamnont, inelruuti'on, unci reproof of the people. Perhaps a fow humourous items will not ho out of place this weok, and may be acceptable to some, of your young renders. Ho wns o. big man with a face like n full moon. ' lie boasted of a pair of legs that we'o much thicker thou many persons' bodies. -A-local ' wag. ievportine.iitly re marked that the big man would never bo brought up as a vagrant, as it would be impossible to prove thnt ho was without visible means' of support! .1 clip thu following from a nows'pn.por : —' A Postscript An Irish Indy wroto to her lover, begging him to "send her somo money; Sho wrote by wny of postscript: I 1 am so nslinmod of tho request I have 'Hindu in this letter, thnt.l seiit after tho postman to get it back, but the servnut colli.l not overtake him.' ~ This is as hnd ns tho Irishman whoml'ded, usu postscript to his letter : —'Should this letter go astray, pleuso lot mo know.' Bob, the butcher, is not a bigor a fat mnn, yet when Jio fell iv tho .Page River ho cniiio oul dripping: Snmo puople havo .bud hearing, and [ bnd uiuiiiiirins, us' tho following will show. 'A local geut,..on hearing one of Moody and Snnkey's hyiiins, ' untitled, 1 Daro to bo a Daniel,' _c., sung by some hulies, thought thoy wore singing ' Djrty -board, Daniel.' Another rosident iv try- ? ing to repeal tlio favourite hymn, ' Art ihou wehry, nrf thou sad,' rendered it thus :— .1 Art thou weary,- Art thou sad ; ? Ait thou beery— Or after the girls gone mad. It is to ho hoped thnt tho persons abovo alluded tn will keep thoir oars open in future, nnd try to improve n defective memory. Young Scribe acted n ghostly part boiiio yoara ago. lie nought" to frighten his elder nnd bigger brother; so he gut a hngo pumpkin, cut out n noso, a pair of eyes, and a capacious mouth, and set n lighted eniidle inside of it—making it look liko a ghost uf hideous nppuiiruitce. It wns dnrk, nud Young Scribo ,vns hiding close by. Ho listened, nnd heard fout- Blcps nppronchiug. 1.1 v held his sides tii keep them together, nnd stuffed a hand kerchief into his mouth to repress laughter. Instead uf hearing a scream, or footsteps (Illicitly retreating, Y ; oiing Scribo wns surprised by getting, llio full eniiteuts of a bucket of water over his head, and hearing a hunrso laugh. That wits his last ghost adventure.' i 