BANK FAILURES. Although in their annual reports the Briti&h; Banks are strong in assurance of solvency, and betray also a very natural solicitude to clear themselves From all suspicion or discreditable im putation, the public mind ia still apt to be more affected by the financial crisis of last year than by the commencement of substantial and hopeful dividends. It cannot so soon be forgotten how astound ing and calamitous were the failures, which gave banking credit the severest shock it has sustained since 1825. The straw which indicated how the wind was adversely set was seen in the stoppage of a small private Bank exactly twelve months ago ; but the occasional suspension of a concern of this kind is fortunately not usually premonitory of a collapse like that of the City of Glasgow Bank. Never theless, crash after crash happened during the closing months of the year, and were followed by another in the opening day» of 1870. We have already dealt fully in these columns with the circumstances of the Glasgow catastrophe, and need only add here that it is con sidered the greatest banking disaster ihich has ever before occurred in the tTnited Kingdom or any other country. But there is happily, ss we have learned by telegraph, & prospect of 'things turn ing out better than was anticipated ; and vhile the news will be exceedingly satis factory to the creditors of the Bank, it will tend likewise to cheer the remnant of shareholders who will not be abso lutely ruined by the liquidators' demands. The first call has realized i2,000,000, a fact in itself gratifying, and meanwhile it is officially reported that the liabilities are diminishing and the assets increasing. No doubt this intelligence materially encourages the expectation that the liabilities will be paid in full. Hence, depositors and other creditors will ulti mately lose nothing, though to satisfy their claims the wretched shareholders have to be pinched to the last extremity. Several proposals having for their object the promotion of schemes for tho relief of the distressed holders of stock have been mooted ; but, like the lottery expedient, it is probable, perhaps desirable, that they will fall through. It is to be feared that matters will only right themselves after the old rough fashion, and therefore it is as in cumbent as ever upon us to contribute to the fund for the relief of the ruined share holders. It transpired during some pro ceedings before the Court of Session that the liquidators estimate the claim per share at £5,500 — a computation which certainly renders the future dismal enough to the hapless contributories. The suffering entailed on so many Scotch people is accentuated by tho hardship inflicted on the Caledonian Bank, whose solvency is incontestable. Because it held stock to the paltry amount of £400 it has felt all the consequences of a failure, albeit the petition for its judicial winding up has been contested. The suspension of Fenton & Sons and of the 'West of England and South Wales District Banks heightened the uneasiness and widened the area of distress caused by these failures. In both instances -jross malpractices were discovered, and in the ce£e of the Messrs. Fenton, of Rochdale, one of the principals has been publicly accused of fraud. The West of England and South Wales District Bank had been growing weaker for years past, and it was found when it stopped that all its paid-up capital and reserve, as well as some £300,000, had been completely engulfed, so that for a considerable period it must hava habitually regarded bad debts as assets, aud sought to escape danger by resorting to desperate ventures which were as profitless as they were hazardous. The disclosures attending the failure of Messrs. Tweedy, Williams, & Co. 's Bank were luckily not very grave or dark. Relatively, however, the ' consternation provoked by this stoppage in January was nearly as depressing as that created by the collapse of the Glasgow Bank. T'lis Cornish institution, which had existed for over a century, had the utmost con fidence reposed in it. A rumour that things were going wrong was spread on the death of one of the partners, but this apprehension might have been allayed by the prompt assurances of the proprietors that the Bank had never been better off had not the disasters elsewhere stimulated a panic which led to a sudden and serious drain upon the resources. The Bank has, of course, been irreparably damaged by suspension ; still i» is gratifying to reflect that there is every hope of its assets more than covering the liabilities. It is notorious that credit in Britain has been greatly disorganized by these failures, which, moreover, blighted the promise of revived trade by contracting the means whereby industrial activity could be restored. Country Banks had to draw large supplies of cash from the London houses in order to strengthen their reserves, and consequently dimi nished the lending power of the metro oolitan Banks, while at the same time thev restricted the accommodation usually relied upon by their own customers. In this way, nevertheless, confidence was renewed, and the Banks were gradually enabled to lessen their stock of cash, which naturally returned to its London lodgment. We may assume, indeed, that the effects of these banking disasters have now passed their worst, and that the stringency in business transactions is disappearing. But it is to be hoped — nay, expected — that the lesson in pru dence and precaution will not be lost on banking institutions generally. The reckless traffic in acceptances will surely, at all events, be put a stop to by the disgraceful revela tions regarding it But for the dis honest floating of City of Glasgow Bank paper the swindling firms who were supported by it would have smashed long ago, and the temptation to prolonged fraudulent concealment of the Bank's i affairs would have been much feebler. There is, however, another Ie33on de ducible from the Glasgow failure which the community at large will be certain to take to heart. The Court of Session has reluctantly decided that trustees are liable, like other shareholders, to the last penny, and not merely to the extent of the trust estates. It has been truly observed that there ia no more cruel result of the disaster than the liability here referred to. Had these trustees participated in the distribution of swollen dividends they would still have deserved the sympathy vouchsafed to the other sufferers ;, but the injury to them is ex ceptionally severe, inaemuch as they have personally derived no benefit fro» their connection with the Bank, and yet are now saddled with a weight of crushing obligation. Their application to the Law Courts for relief could not have been resolved upon in any sanguine mood, for their legal advisers must have assured them that former decisions were adverse o their claim, more particularly th udgment of the House of Lords, on a ase in reference to trustees who held Vestern Bank shares, reversing a decision f the Court of Session in favour of such 'trust disponees.' This judgment was precedent too strikingly relevant to be -noredby the Scotch Judges, however luch their own opinions went against it. t is needless here to traverse the tech lical grounds of that decision, yet we say state that it was mainly based on tho rgument that to give the trustees the elief prayed for would be to set up two listinct classes of shareholders —one with bsolute liability, the other with limited lability. Still, it is evident that after this xpression of the law on the subject the ttrsonal responsibility of trustees must ►e Bomehow limited by Statute, or men rill not be found to undertake duties rhich are at best irksome enough in their tature without being rendered more epellant by attaching penal consequences o them. It is understood that y*te [iiestion will bo legislated on by the louso of Commons this session, but if tot, then it will behove Banks to alter heir legal character in respect of liability. Jut such a change cannot bo beneficially ccomplished unless the leading Banks ake joint action in the matter, and this ,s yet they aro apparently unwilling to lo. For, while the Union Bank of -ondon is ready to support a move nent in restraint of unlimited lia jility, tho Luudon and Westminster Sank is obviously not so anxious o promote the conversion of uu imited concerns into limited liability Companies, and this chiefly because its Directors fear that this departure from ;he existing system, under which the Bank is extremely prosperous, would tend to Bhake the confidence of its customers. But, notwithstanding such scruples, wo venture to think that a step in the direc tion of limitation, if insisted on by a few of the principal Banks and aided by legis lation, would probably be ultimatelyunani mously adopted. Various suggestions of remedial and specifically punitive legislation have been made since the Glasgow Bank catastrophe occurred, but now that the guilty Directors have been allowed to go almost 'scot free' (a phrase which may henceforth bear a more striking meaning) it is extremely desirable that the investing public as well as Bank depositors Bhould be more effectually safeguarded. A strin gent Government investigation has been demanded into the affairs of the Rochdale Bank because of the ugly disclosures affecting it, and it would probably bo highly beneficial were the possibility of a searching examination of tho kind kept constantly before the eyeB of Bank Directors. A rigid and indepen dent State audit of the accounts, as also some means provided by Parliament of testing the returns of coin held against note-issue, , required by the Bank Acts of 1844-45, have been suggested, and certainly these reforms would tend to prevent gross falsifications. Another reform has been mooted by Mr. Fred. Hill. This is the extension to Joint Stock Companies of a provision in the last Friendly Societies Act, under which at the joint request of a reasonable number of members a Government inves tigation into the conditions of a Society may be obtained. The applica tion of this power to Banks would however, be of doubtful value, inasmuch as the demand for such an investigation would be to the public primd faeie evidence of suspicion, if nothing worse, and might create a want of confidents exceedingly hurtful to the interests of the most solvent concern. Still, eucb a power held in reserve might operate as an efficacious deterrent to malpraotioes. An independent audit which was not set in motion by any extraordinary machi nery, but was regarded aa a matter of course, would avoid the extreme of non ?uperrision, and, on the other hand, the capricious and risky prying into banking affairs by shareholders— an interference which would indubitably sap the ground of every healthy success. As it ia, tho concensus of authoritative opinion recom mendB that secrecy in banking be done away with voluntarily by tho Banks, and, failing this, by the intervention of the law. Ths Ovkkland Liwr.— Oommunicition w^ restored on the Port Darwin line at 1-.35 p.m. on Tuesday. Thb Steimrr South Acbtiuluak.— We Jirt requested to state that the 8outh Amtraliiu will not arrive before 3 o'clock this afternoon, aa she has called at WarrnambooL Goybbmiext Tkkdkbs.— Neither of the ten ders Tor constructing au underground tiuk Jit Fort Rickaby has been accepted, both being too high. Thk CimnwAL SE8SIOHS.— The Criminal sittings for the first quarter of the year begun on Tuesday, March 11, before His Uoaor the Chief Justice, when Ernest Schilling (17) pleaded guilty to a charge of larceny as a servant and was sentenced to ooo y«'ir's im prisonment; and Frederick Leslie (24), ooii vicled of stealing in a dwelling, wa» seuteuced to one year and eight calendar months; Georgb Blake (38), convicted of shooting with intent under provocation, three years; Thorn is Uon sidine (30), convicted of rape, remanded for sentence this raorniug ; Carl Lowe (31), cnu victed of attempting to utter » valuelra* cheque, two years ; and .Tunica Join Kenihan (25) w*n acquitted of a charge vt howestealing, but wa« ordered to bo kept in custody till the pleas in of the Governor ii made known. The Chinese case- John Lee Wee— from laura wa* postponed till to-morrow, and His Honor intimated that after to-d»y he will take remaneU at 9 o'clock each morning. The Court resumes its sitting to-day at 10 o'clock. Gotkbmvbmt Laho Sale.— A sale of Crown laud*, on credit, took place at the Land (WL'A on Tuesday morning, March 11. There wff » fair attendance, but tbe bidding wm dull. Tbe highest price obtained was for Section 15--, HuBdred Monbulla, County Grey, for which £6 3«- per acre was realized. Thk Lodoi5O-hocsk Act.— In response to the representations of Mr. C. Peacock, M.P., the Attorney-General has promised to introduce daring next session of Parliament a Bill to amei.d the Lodging-house Act. Clxailikce fob Lour**.— The ship Koduey cleared at tbe Custom-House on Taesday night, Marrh 11, with thirty-seven passenger* for London, in addition to two far Cape Town. Among the names will be found that of the Korean Catholic Bishop, tbe Right Jlev. Dr. Ui-j nolda. ^ _ u Thb LiCKSscst: Behch. — The licensing B«-ch continued their sittings on Tuesday and (.'iopcsed of a large nnmber of- application* The application of Thomas Boddington for a icnewal of the licence of the Shamrock Hotel waa opposed by Mr. Smart, who represented feme residents in the neighbourhood. Foot grounds of objection were set forth, but the tench ruled that three of these were not trended for in the Act. The whole opposition therefore rested oa the charge that the applicant wss not a man of good fame. The Bench decided against a contention put forth by Mr S-tnart that the charge might be aaitained ty evidence showing the associations of the applicant and the way in which he generally eccduetetl bis house, and as Mr. Stuart had no lihect evidence to show that Eoddington was tot of good character the objectors' case Ircke tlowu, and a majority of the Magistrates sUeided in favour of the licence. Inspector Ete objected to the renewal of a licence to John Farry, for the Grapes Inn, Grenfell-3treet, on tbe srrounds of general mismanagement. Con tradictory evidence was given, and the Bench unanimously decided to refuse the application. Ttey also declined to grant a renewal to B. Hatswell for the BIythwood Inn,, as they tostilered suitable accommodation was not j;rcViHeJ for the public. During the hearing of this case it transpired that Inspector Bee had not had time to visit the premises since JJovember last,_and the members of the Bench i it tired the Chairman to make a representation [ to the proper authorities that the Inspector tfconld be afforded more assistance. The Bench ir.tet again this afternoon at 2 o'clock. Itwa itcdvtrtently ttated in the report of Monday's yiooccdicgs that the application of Mr. .Robert Iiulman, of the Prince Alfred Hotel, Port Adelaide, was withdrawn. The fact was that the application was granted. It should also have 1 ttn mentioned that Mr. Symon appeared with Mr. 'Wigley iu the application of Mr. Sucker, -ew Thebarton. TJ51VEH5HY of Adeulide.— The Matriculation Examinations of the University began on Tues day. Twenty-one candidates presented them tt-lves, all of whom are lads. The examination will not Bnish till Saturday. To-day the Sun lit unitary Ordinary Examinations commence lor such of the students as failed to pass the examination in November and have been subse quently permitted to come up. There are three of thes« students, two of whom are in their -*-:ond year and one in his third. National Mabisb Iksurasce Cojipaut.— TJie ugual calf-yearly meeting of this Company was he-Id at 'White's Arbitration Room on Tuesday, March 11, the Hon. John Col ton in the chair. The report of the Directora and a state tttnt of accounts were presented to the meeting, a cil after some discussion adopted. The subject of ilisrujsion was the London business of the Company, which has made a loss for some five jtars, but is being curtailed by the Directora. Philosophical Societt.— Dr. J. C. Yerco read an interesting paper on Tuesday evening, March 11, on the statistics of consumption in South Australia. Gleselq Skatixo Rixk.— A number of novel iVats on skates will be performed at the Glenelg Kink this evening. Among them will be the f trapleea feat, by Mr. Hanson, a gentleman lately from London. Roads Inspection. — The members of the Central Eoad Board were yesterday engaged r.,aking an inspection of the roads in the Mount Pleasant district. The Weathkr at Jambstowx. — Our corre spondent, writing on March 11 says : — K We have been fairly tantalized with promises of rain for these several Jays. During yesterday a light * prinkliug, enlivened by occasional drops which rattled like hailstones, continued for hours, but evaporated as fast as it fell. This morning the barometer reads three-tenths lower than yester i!ay, with a close sultry air and a wonderfully disturbed sky. The wind keeps flying all round the compass, and is at present blowing from torth-west, with appearances overhead which anywhere but in South Australia would justify f.Lticipations of a deluge.' Gas CourAsy's Picnic.— The town employe if the South Australian Gas Company held : heir seventh annual picnic on Friday, March 7. Tie employes and their lady friends to the number of ninety started from the Company's . ffice, Greiifell-street, at 8,30 a.m., and were ronveyed to their destination — the Highbury Hotel— in four of Messrs. R. George & Co.'g large coaches, accompanied by the Coucordia liaud. They arrived at about 10 o'clock. After ? i' gating in ih& usual outdoor amusements tiey sat down to do justice to the capital dinner jrovided; by Hast Aldridge. The chair was ictupied by Mr. G. D. Anderson, Engineer and Manager of the South Australian Gas Company, acd the vice-chair by Mr. James Evans, Secre tary to the Company. The usual loyal toasts having been honoured, and the health of the Manager and Secretary drunk with three times three, the company dispersed to enjoy them selves till tea time. Tea being finished, dancing was commenced and kept up till an early hour in the morning, when the party returned to town highly delighted with their enjoyment. Good Tbmflaht.— The Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Templars began their seventh annual session at the Flinders «treet Lecture Hall on 'Wednesday evening, March 11, at which reports were read from the various officers. Licensed Victcai t.eim' Picnic— The fifth annual picnic of the Licensed Victuallers' Asso ciation is announced to take place at the Pinery, Picnic Point, some four miles down the Port .River, on Thursday, March 13, and is likely to prove apleasing gathering, the arrangements for f ports and music having been made with every idea towards making the affair a success. The Concordia Band has been engaged. Thb Watbe Famine at Kapcnda.— The local paper says: — 'The supply of water in Kapunda is now very short. For some weeks put many families have been entirely dependent on their more fortunate neighbours for their supply, and bad it not been that several resi dents had pientiful supplies great suffering must have resulted. Many of these, however. Lave in self-preservation been compelled to refuse applications for more. Mr. Fofchering iiam, with his usual liberality, has announced that he will give water from the brewery well to any requiring it.' The Rbt. J. Jeitbbis on the Theatrb. — At a recent meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association in Sydney tbe Rev. J. Jtfferig, r.Ti.B.. formerly of this city, made the following remarks on theatres and theatrical representations : — ' He confessed he had a sympathy with the views of the Bishop of itelbonrne with regard to theatres. If such i lays as those of Sophocles and Euripides, or Micb plays as those of Sbatspeare and some of the earlier English dramatists, could be produced without the accessories there were, then we as Christians could give -u our adhesion to theatres ; but if this was the case : that the vice of our large cities gravitated towards theatre* as naturally as water seeks its level, and if icstead of the attraction of high-born thoughts and lofty genius and a truthful representation of human life on the stage they got that brought rhietty from French sources, which tended to hinder tfee religious feeling and hold the, home life up to the contempt of an audience, it was time they should lift up their protest against it. If jt were that woman's beauty and power to charm were regarded as the chief accessories to theatrical representations, then he said it was full of danger to our young men and tended to lower onr conception of the filial character, without which no life conld be honourable and rtligious.' Kitkr Distmct News.— Our Wentworth correspondent, under date March S, writes: — ' The Darling is now rising one inch in twenty. fenr hours, and i» 2 ft. 2 in. above tbe summer level. On the 4th and 5th the gauge showed 1 it- 11 in-, and as tbe Upper Darling and the Wnrray are steadily rising I believe we have already reached the minimum fall of the «*«on. There were some light showers of raiu on the morning of the 4th inst , which barely laid the dtut, and the weather is again clear, but much cooler than hitherto. Civic election* are now tbe prevailing topic, and the various aspirants to aldermanic honours were reviewed by the ratepayers at the Courthouse on Friday evening hut. On the whole the candidates expressed their views on various topics in a masterly manner, «nd if only half the measure* they intend to introduce, if elected, are carried out Wentworth bids fair to be in no distant future* town of great importance. Tra Phajc Downs Copfbr Mot.— The BritUuu 1 digraph of a recent date says:— ** Operations at the Peak Downs Copper Mine have been suspended until the special general meeting of tbe shareholders next month to decide on thu offer to work the mine on tbe tribute system.' ; DESTBTCTJON OF* TH» VoVIXhCBXIC BT FjRB. —One cf tbe most' useful 'educational institu tions in London has beenTpartly destroyed by fire- The Polytechnic wsa by no means a 1'retei.tiona building viewed from , Regent street, but it was a very large one and was admirably adapted to its purpose. It contained spacious galleries for exhibition purposes, wherein were displayed machines of aH kinds in fnll work; large lecture theatres, where learned professors descanted to interested audiences on scientific subjects, where the uses of the microscopic, of the magic lantern, and of other scientific appliances were illustrated. The Polytechnic, although an establishment of comparatively modern date, has of latter years emjoyed a world-wide reputation. In its lecture halls Professor Pepoer exhibited his marvellous ' ghost,' and Mr. S okes astonished countless numbers of people with the eztia ordinary faculty of memory displayed. by his pupils. There also the mysteries of the diving bell were explained to the people. For the small sum of one penny the cGrious in such matters could descend beneath the waters in the iron jaws of thi* machine, and ascertain for themselves the feasibility of searching by such means the ocean depths. The bell has always been the principal attrac tion in the Polytechnic. It was made of cast iron, and weighed three tons, and was 5 feet in height, the diameter being 4 feet 8 inches. Tbe cost, it is said, amounted to £400, and it is stated that the income derived from persons using it amounted in one year to as much as £1,000. Those who have visited the institu tion will remember that in the large tanks into which the bell descended a diver used to go through a variety of interesting per formances, clad in the orthodox diver's suit and helmet. The common practiee was to throw coins into the water, which the diver would seek for, and occasionally rising to the surface would rap the money oa bis helmet in token of his success. Very feir branches of practical science were neglected at the Polytechnic. At any time of the day the visitor for the small fee of one shilling could witness machines of all kinds in motion, and besides these attractions the Polytechnic boasted a valuable collection of objects interesting from a scientific and artistic point of view, in tbe inspection ef which the intervals between the lectures and plays might be passed. In order to make the institution successful from a financial point of vitw, the Company to which it belonged spared eo pains or meney in procuring the latest novelties, scientific or otherwise. In years gone by automaton figures, worked by some invisible agency, astonished a public un familiar to such sights, while the amusing and clever representations of plays in the theatres, in which the magic lantern always played the principal part, were the delight of every London schoolboy. In these performances, appealing as they did to the intellectual as well as to the aesthetic faculties of young people, instruction was unquestionably blended with amusement, and there is little doubt that the Polytechnic as an educational institution was, as we have said, highly valuable. It was built in 1S38, but for years after its establishment it was not financially snecessful, and failed to become popular. In 1848, notwithstanding, it was considerably enlarged and improved ; but matters did not mend, and in 1859 an accident happened which compelled the proprietors to close it. A staircase unfortunately fell while a large crowd of persons were going down it, one of whom was killed, and many others were injured. In 1860, however, it was re opened by a new Company. Classes were formed in connection with the insti tution, which were established by the Earl of Shaftesbury, an improved system of manage ment was introduced, and since then the insti tution has prospered. There were some years ago no less than 2,000 valuable articles in the Polytechnic collection, and since then, no doubt, this has largely increased. Our tele grams do not indicate to what extent this valuable institution has suffered by fire, but it ia to be feared that a serious loss has been oc casioned. Death of an Old Colonist. — Our obituary of yesterday included the name of Thomas Brown, of Plympton, well known at Glenelg for the last quarter of a century as a dealer in vegetables and fruit. Who does not remember him and his old white horse ? Brown bought the horse as an unbroken colt when he first commenced the sale of garden produce in the year 1653, and has used the same animal daring all these long years. In compliance with the deceased's particular desire, the old veteran followed his master's remains to their hut rest ing place in the Plympton bury ing-ground on Monday afterncon. Female Immigrants — On Tuesday the single women who came out as immigrants by the Loch Fyne were open for engagement at the Servants' Home, and as showing the great demand there is for domestic servants, within two hours and a half the whole number avail- able — forty-two — were hired. There were appli cants for about 100 more. Inqcbst at Glen Osmond. — The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Waid, J.P.) held an inquest at the Vine Inn, Glen Osmond, on Tuesday, March 11, on the body of a lad named Honest Curtis, who was killed by falling off a dray the sure day. Mr. Charles Willmott was chosen foremin of the Jury. The evidence showed that deceased was coming into market on the morning in question -with a load of vegetables at the rate of ten miles an hour, and whan opposite the Bible Christian Chapel, Glen Osmond, he was thrown on to the road. The doctor's evidence showed tint there was an abrasion on tbe rigbt side of the abdomen, that some of the lower ribs were fractured, and that in all probability the liver was torn. The cause of death was internal injuries, which might, it wan stated, have been occasioned by the wheel of a loaded cart passing over his body. The Jury returned a verdict of ' accidental death.' New School at Goolwa.— An occasional correspondent writing from Goolwa on March 10 says:— 'A new public school has been recently erected in this township, and will supply a want long felt. A few evenings ago a preliminary meeting of leading inhabitants was called by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. T. Gocde, juu.), at which he stated His Excellency bail consented to open tbe same at a convenient time. A Committee was appointed to further matters, which was adjourned until this morning, when progress reports were given in anil arrangements for carrying out were made. Quite a gala day is expected, and as far as business is concerned there will be quite a holiday. I hear that the Governor and suite are expected ; two or three Crown Ministers, the members for the district (Messrs. J. L. Parsons acd W. A. West-Erskine), the Mayor and Cor poration, the Board of Advice, and all the leadiug spirits of the day are expected to give their support and assistance. The programme will include the opening of the school by His Excellency, a luncheon to celebrate the event, a picnic and fete for the juveniles, and an enter tainment in the Institute in the evening, so that Friday, the 14tb, is to be a red-letter day in the calendar of Goolwa.' White's Rooms. — Hiscocks and Hayman's Mammoth Minstrels and Opera Burlesque Company had another splendid house on Tuesday evening, and succeeded as usual iu keeping every one convulsed with laughter Every night there is some change made in the programme, and the entertainment seem? to Improve with every change. PBmiTrrB Methodism.— The ce'ebration of the Primitive Methodist West Mitcbam Sabbath school anniversary took place on March 9, when services were preached by tie Revs. J. G. Wright and J. S. Wayland. On Monday large tea and public meetings were held, the hitter being presided over by the Hon. P. Santo. An encouraging report was read, and the Chairman then gave an apt and forcible address. There were also addresses by the Revs. J. G. Wright and R. J. Daddow, and several recita tions were given by the scholars in a creditable manner. Select pieces of music were rendered by tbe choir and children. Miss Susan Toxnsend presidios at the organ. The proceeds readied over £16. Thfatrb Rotal— The theatre was well filled in all parts of the house on Tuesday evening, when Lecocq's sparkling opera 'La Fille de Hadame Argot' was repeated. Miss Thompson and Miss Lambert were frequently apnlauded. and the 'other members of the company well sustained their parts. To-night Miss Thompson takes her benefit, and ' Maritana'1 will be pro duced. Chargb or Fobgbbt.— On Tuesday afternoon Mr. W. H. Harris, auctioneer, of Sfcrathalbyn, was arrested on the information of the Manager of the National Bank on three separate warrants for forgery to a considerable amount. Mabwe Board.— The Board will hold an enquiry this morning as to the stranding of the barque Courier on Pelorus Island, off Eao&iroo; Island. i 