The- old quotation 'respecting tlie madness : which comes -upbn' those "whom the gods intend to. destroy, miist surely find an illus tration in the < -proposals .made; by the. Treasurer in his 'financial, statement, on- Tuesday- evening ;- indeedp.it would appear that the Ministry desire to ; hasten- their de- struction by their own acts, and that they ; may. "accomplish, so satisfactory a design i before they bring down ?the best interests of ; tlie: colony in their-fall is " a consummation devoutly, bo wished." : Tliere:is, however; a " method" in their madness which is easily discernible, and- one which, if we judge the intelligence of the community rightly, will be quickly recognised by, the . people with righteous indignation . at the oppression ; which its -effects threaten to the industrial classes. The method apparently is to -placate the manufacturing classes of the. numerous : constituencies; in , the large towns by. an extension -of -the policy of protection to native industries, and.- to do- this in an effective, manner the interests of the pro- ! during classes of the country districts have been ruthlessly sacrificed. It has been evi dently .based upon a: calculation1 that - the : small- manufacturers of Melbourne and suburbs, with those of the . large towns in the country, such; as -Ballaratp Sandhurst, Cas tleinaine, etc. , ; can return so : many sup porters to a. protectionist' government that the agriculturaT and mining constituencies can be left to take their chance. The effect -of this is that in making up the deficiency ?in the finances and to provide the extra funds required by the Government, con sumers will have to pay increased prices 'for ordinary necessaries of life in order that ; manufacturers may benefit by a protective tariff. This ; will, perhaps be better under- ' stood after, a glance at the proposed new duties. 'Men's boots and shoes have to pay i a tax of 3s 2d instead of 2s Id as at present, or; an increase of Is Id per pair on first cost to the merchant, and by the time this reaches the consumer through the retailer i it will probably amount to an increase of Is 6d or 2s per pair. Youths' boots bear an .impost of 2s 3d instead of Is 3d per pair ; boys', an increase of : 5d ; girls, 5gd ; to 6d ; women's, 8d ; and children's; 2d per pair. The duty on chinaware is raised from 9d:'to 2s 6d.; on cordage,- from 8s to i 28s "per- cwt. ; woolpacks, from 3s to 7s ; corn sacks, :from Is to Is 8d ; rice, from 3s ! to: ids;- j : Miscellaneous household goods : bear- increased duties ranging from a fifth to double the former imposts ; malt, 3s in stead' of 2s per bushel ; pipes, 12s instead of 6s; meerschaum do., 25 per cent, on value; machinery, an : increase of 5 per cent., and so on, the list including also 'a long list of articles which have been hitherto admitted duty free. - This; is the way in which the Berry Government intend- to make.Victoria a " glorious country for the working man," and at a time -when- labor is so ' scarce that men ' can;- scarcely, find the. money to, purchase :the cheapcsL neces saries of life, and when, the ' toiling agri culturist - has ' been impoverished by three bad seasons. - The hardship imposed on the . industrial classes is also the more noticeable when it is observed that, except in the land tax, property remains untaxed as it was before. Mr Service pro posed to tax house property above a certain value, by whicli the princely establishments of the wealthy importers and others would have been made to contribute as much to the revenue as would have prevented the necessity of placing an extra charge on the everyday requirements of the poor; but " Liberal". Ministers think the working man is amply provided for while he can " live on spuds," and so everything else bears increased taxes and the luxuries of the rich arealmostuntouched. The land tax is the only special instance in which the wealthy have been dealt with, and that only affects a class. In itself it is a debatable point whether the increase should be approved or not. The country certainly endorsed the principle of land taxation at the last elec tion, but a tax has ". been -already .imposed, and it is not the fault of the landowners that Ministers overestimated their income from this source. In view, also, of the bad effect which the tax has already had in depreciating the, value of land- throughout the colony it certainly appears that it would have been better, to have, rectified the blun ders in the classification) and in the general administration of. the Act, than to increase .the amount of the tax. The tax has affec ted , the smallfai'mcr almost as much as the (Squatter, and many a man who . has , been obliged to sell his farm has found his pro perty almost unsaleable, and has had to sacrifice it at one-half its, value, solely owing :to the effects of the this. tax. It ; is, how ever,- chiefly on the increased Customs charges that "representatives , in- Parliament will have to show their fidelity \ to the people's interests, and if they sanction such 'oppressive charges as those we have men tioned, especially on common necessaries at this time of poverty and general depression, ; they should suffer a summary ejection from their 'seats in the legislature at the first op portunity. ; The approaching election for the South Biding promises to be of a more interesting character than usual.. Two candidates have been nominated, viz., Messrs J. F. , Paten and J ohn Kearney, and, having entered ' upon the contest, both candidates and their supporters evidently intend 'to make a struggle for the' victory.. As: however there is no particular -subject of impor tance agitating the minds ; of ratepayers at present in respect to Shire management it is probable that the question will resolve itself into one " men" more than " mea sures," and consequently the; personal fit ness of the person to be 'entrusted' with the performance. of the duties of a . .councillor will; be more considered than anything else that we ' know of at present, although of course some " cry" or " grievance" of the old-fashioned sort may be i hven ted for sen sational purposes. . We, fancy, however, that ratepayers have had enough -of this kind of thing of late, and have' found out their , value, so :it ris to. be', expected that votes will not be influenced by them to the same extent as they -were when the last con tested election took place about three or four years, ago. We-' believe that both candidates have the.best intentions; and we hope that they will be able to fight out their battle for. the electors' favor , without stirring up disagreements and bad feeling, of which the, town and district have had too much of late years. " The long-continued season of dry weather which has been experienced of late threatens most disastrous consequences to growing crops, and . it is : positively, asserted by farmers, in some portions of the district that the -crops cannot recover from the injury they have received, even if rain sets in at once. At Platte Yalloc-k, it appears, the hope of a harvest has been altogether abandoned by many of the farmers, and in other parts of tho district tho prospects are no. better. The rain which set in yesterday, however, may do good in many instances, and it will certainly help the grass, which is very backward, but a heavier downpour is much required. The half- yearly meeting of the Monte Christo Company was held at the Avoca Hotel oh Tuesday evening", and from the report of the proceedings given in another column it will be seen that tlie shareholders have no special cause to he dissatisfied with the prospects of their mine ; on the contrary, considering tlie manner in" 'which they are content to work it", or rather to lease it,unworked,:they have every reason to be satisfied with their position.- It ap pears that the tributors . and , the general public have a large quantity 'of stone ready for crushing, but owing to the dryness, of- the season the battery has been kept idlef or a long time, and in consideration of this fact the shareholders have determined to make calls in order to... undertake works which will give a better supply of -water. We would.be glad to see the company un dertake some bona fide mining operations on the claim also, as we support the be lief held by many miners that the reef will be found a payable one if properly worked. . Applications under the Land Act ap proved For the surrender of. former licenses and the issue of new licenses-under: section 8 of the Land Act 1878 — John Bird, Glenlogie ; George Fort, Amphitheatre ; Henry Croft, Tchirree ; Alexander Doug las, Glenpatrick ; Thomas Preston, J. W. Moore j. Harriet W. Moore, Arthur Pres ton, Eversley. -> , A farmers' union was established at- Maryborough on Saturday last, for the purpose of watching over and advocating the political interests of agriculturists. The meeting was attended by a large number of tlie most influential farmers of the district, and a committee was formed consisting -of- residents of most of the outlying districts. We notice that Avoca is not represented on the committee, probably because it was thought: that a local society, might :be formed, but Bung Bong, is well represented by Messrs P. Abbott, j. Gordon, D. Scott, G. Henderson,- and A. Gilsenan. It will be seen by advertisement that Mr. Paten, one of the candidates at the Shire Council election, will address the electors at Lamplough, Avoca Lead, and Avoca,' during next week. - ' 1 A concert in aid of the Mechanics In stitute will be given in tlie Shire Hall on Monday evening next, in which several well known local amateurs will take part. The object of the entertainment "should induce :a good attendance. ' - r'- '. Mr G. B. Hall, dentist, will pay his monthly visit to Avoca on Wednesday next, where he may be cousulted at: the Avoca Hotel. Mr Hall desires us to mention that he has opened an establishment :'at' 149 Collins street, Melbourne, in - addition to his house in Sandhurst, and atreither.qf these places country, patients will receive every attention. , . \- The budget speech made by Major Smith in the Assembly on Tuesday evening shows that the revenue for. last yeav did not come up to the Treasurer's estimate by £401,000, bub this deficiency is partly met by unex pended votes, amounting to £192,000 and the balance of £70,786 left from the pre vious year, The actual deficiency is stated at £137,000. To meet this and provide addi tional funds required by the Government the land-tax is to ho made to yield an amount equal to the first estimate, viz £20,000 or £201,000, by an increase on the present rate of £70,000, and by increased taxation through tlie Customs amounting to £308,194. The increased taxes are all to be levied on the protective principle, and are chiefly placing on articles of everyday consumption, The Illustrated Hews for this month is a good number and contains illustrations on. the following subjects : — The Conversazione at the Hew Congregational Hall, the-re- moval of the yacht May Queen, Professor. Pepper and his ghosts, the deciding course at the Waterloo meeting, Dugong fishing in Queensland, the proclamation of Pr'ah-. ran as a city,- the Wilson Hall at the Mel bourne University, the Dial Banges and mouth of the Leven (Tasmania), a view of Coooktown,'and' a'fancy sketch entitled;'' A' Chip of the old Block." e ,. r. People wlio have faith in - Chinese: medi cines will be interested . in the fact that centipedes are becoming scarce in China; so great is the demand for them for medicinal purgsoes, and consequently a large consign ment of them has being sent from Japan. There is a baronet in the Melbourne - po lice. He receives a handsome .monthly re mittance, and continues to be a constable apparently, from mere force of habit. . ! Private letters from England state tbafc there will be agreat rush of visitors to "tlie Sydney International Exhibition. All the berths in the Garonne were taken up long before the vesselarrived in London. : Some lunatic has invented a system of " stamp flirtation, "'by which lover's ' mes sages can be conveyed by the "manner in. i which stamps are placed on letters. '.We .withhold details because we have ho desire :to induce profanity in tho local . post ; Offices. ' . . ' ' j I The St. Arnaud papers announce, the death- of Mr C. M. Brown, Secretary of the St. Arnaud Shire. . t Tha ' Cqstlemaine Representative s totes itliat the.local bench on Friday finedjMr : Bo bert Oliver, Coliban Park, £5 and £2 ;4s. 6ck costs for illegally enclosing " a Tetter ;in'a pocket sent'throug the postv r. : A young woman named J ohanna Sullivan, has been committed, for i trial , at Adelaide' for attempted. infanticide. She left her in- :fant on the beach at Glenelg. . > Last Saturday a laborer picked up a 6oz. nugget in Ballarat. A hare was caught up Albury way last week which weighed 171b. ! A few days ago a boy at Smytbesdale, .when "carting quartz metal, picked up a 'nugget worth £11. - - : \ A Goulburn settler and a squatter's son had a"set-to for- £50 a side. Both com batants were much punished. A man at Forbes had £30 in notes burned the other .day- through putting a lighted pipe in his pocket. This 1 accident,- how ever, might not happen to everyone who is similarly careless. r ' Some red mangold wurzels - grown at Auckland weighed 651b. per root. They are to be exhibited at the? Sydney-Inter national Exhibition. Mr Woods stated in the House yester day that he did not intend to introduce his new Bail way 'Construction Bill until the present pressing-business before Parliament was disposedvof. At the Gis borne monthly produce sale on Saturday the amount of money taken was 15s. Two years ago, the auctioneer used to take as many hundreds of pounds. The pedestrian "Edwards has engaged to . walk a distance of jL20 miles in 26 hours at at'Wagga. ,,, , V, Lord Lofttis, the new Governor of Hew South Wales, is expected to arrive at Syd ney on Tuesday next. A Mrs Rae was burnt to death at Kil- more on Tuesday. The lady who was eighty- eight years of age; was left in her chair, and during the temporary absence of the rest of the inmates must have fallen into the fire, as when found life was extinct. The lease of the Academy of Music and Victoria Arcade," Melbourne, (of which about twenty-seven years have yet to run), was sold "by public acution on Monday Tor £30,400. Mr Tlios. Cooper, M.L.A., was the buyer, i ) V Tho Grey-Ministry Hew Zealand has been defeated oh a,waht of confidence motion by 57 votes to 3.; , v : : The race between Trickett and Laycock will take place either on\ the 23rd or 30th Of August h The" Bcv: J. W. Hort'on ) succeeds "; the Bevl S."Dutton Green as- incumbent "of ' St.- Jonn's Church, Colac. -.He -officiated -.for . the first time on Sunday hut; - It is reported that" Dan Sweeney, the father of-' cricket in Ballarat; has been"left a fortune of '£27,000. ' . 1- A little boy three years old, son of Mr Trebilcock, of Happy Valley, near Cres- wick, whilst playing on Saturday afternoon, accidentally fell backwards into a dishful of hot water. He died a few hours after- wards from the burns inflicted. A rather sensational incidqntioccurred at the Windsor station-on the evening of Sun- day ,. last. T Jus t' as tlie "quarter-past '"eight train was" about to start "for "Melbourne" a i ; woman' ran frantically about, the platform (crying out that, her husband 'was going to commit suicide, and3 upon examination a' man was found lying on the rails in front of the engine. The man was pulled from his dangerous position, resisting , violently, and locked up in the stationmaster's ; room. Had the woman been a minute later in giv ing the alarm, there is no doubt the man would have been killed. An Auckland telegram states that a "man in the employ of- Mr Somers at Hakururau, picked up a bottle on the beach. On open ing it he discovered that a small piece of paper/with the words " Strathnaver on fire,- off Paltry Beach, 2nd April, 1876. ""Heavy sea running. Palace, chief officer."- It will be remembered that the Strathnaver left Sydney about the date mentioned, and was never afterwards heard of. . . 'Mr. Gaunson, in the Assembly on Tues- ' day afternoon, gave notice of his intention, when the motion for (the. second reading of the Constitution Act Amendment Bill is under.. discussion, to move the following amendment " That inasmuch as it is contrary to the usages and practices of the Imperial Government (which the Parlia ment of t Victoria is found to follow) to ini tiate in the House: of Commons any bill affecting tlie constitution of the House of Lords, ' this .bill is a violation of such usage."; : ; David Henry; convicted of embracery, is not to be released from Pentridge, two medical' irien having reported that his life will not be endangered by his further in carceration.. Ireland, his accomplice in the crime, was discharged on Wednesday, hay ing paid the" fine imposed on him and hav ing- also served nine months ' imprisonment out of his sentence of two years. . ; ' In his financial statement on Tuesday night, Mr W. Collard Smith informed the House that Sir W.- F. D. Jervois, in his . amended -report, liad' advised '' the- Govern ment that it would be necessary to buy Swan Island for defence purposes. He had assured the Government that, if the island were properly utilised, Port Phillip Bay could be made impregnable. The island being the property of some absentee owner, it was obvious that circumspection iu mak ing the purchase must be observed.- If the object for which the site was required had been made known, the land would have gone up to a fabulous price. Without letting any one know for what purpose the island was required, Mr W. C. Smith effected the purchase for something under £3000. As there are over 800 acres of land on the island, the purchase is by no means a dear one ; and the House, by its applause, expressed its approval of the bargain. A good story is told by a correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser of the ideas some (people have, with respect to the benefits to be- defivecl from friendly societies. "' One of the membfers of a certain lodge had been ill" \and had' declared on the sick fund, from (which he received £1 per week. The visit ing officers, however, had an idea that; the brother was playing" 'possum," and accor dingly paid his residence a visit, "and inter viewed the member's better half, and asked :"Ts Mr in ?" " Ho, Sir, was the reply, - "he's gone to work." "Very glad to hear that, quite leeoverel I suppose?" "Hot exactly, sir, but you see he's not good on the books of the other lodge, and it doesn't pay to be sick -for a pound a week with our family." That brother's, attendance has been dispensed with at one lodge at least. ; A circular letter has been issued by the Mining department to the inspectors of mines, informing them that , in compliance with the- recommendation - of the Safety Cages Board, in three months from this date the provisions of general rule xvi. of section .6 of the regulation of Mines Statute 1877 (will be enforced, and they are directed to 'notify mine-owners aud other persons 'interested accordingly. This rule provides ;that " Every cage used in a mine shall be fitted with special and suitable appliances ,to prevent its sudden fall from a shaft, and also to prevent its coming in contact with the poppet heads." The board, however consider that mine proprietors should he permitted to use their own discertion in the selection of safety cages, but safety hooks ; and balance catches must be used inr con nection with every cage. John Winters, a blind man, aged seventy, who lived by begging, and had two dogs that guided him about, was burnt to death i on Sunday night, together with his faithful companions, in a little shanty in a lane at ;the back of St. Francis'1 Church. „ Towards ; six o'clock on Tuesday a young butcher lad saw a '"gleam of fire in Winter's place, and gave the alarm. The place burnt like tinder, and when the fire was got under, the charred.remains of the old man and the two. dogs were found among ' the' debris. He appears to have been awakened by the fire and staggered to the door, which appears to have been too strongly barricaded to allow him to open it in time. He was both blind and dumb. The Hihilists have just had a medal struck.bearing on one side the effigy of the Czar with a revolver pointed at him. and in the inscription "Death to Despotism," and on the other the statue of Liberty distritm- tingi bread and salt to the people, with- the legend "Everything for Liberty." The medal is executed with great care, and the » grodovi, or police subalterns, who for the most part do not know how to read, them selves distributed a large number to the public, believing that it was to commemo- rate the attack of April' 14, and that it was struck by order of the Government. It was not until some time had elapsed before the blunder, was discovered. . " The Boston Transcript is responsible for the following, on women shopping: — A woman will go on a shopping tour in quest of a score of dissimilar articles. . The rib- . boil must be 10J fingers long and' a half a finger, wide ; -the carpet must ' be like Mrs Sprigging's, only that she wants hers brown, while Mrs S's is green ; the first knot . of the. string she carries in her pocket is the. width of the window -curtain, the second, knot the length of Susie's skirt, third . knot of the picture cord, and the whole string the distance round the centre, table. - Be sides these, she has buttons to buy, . cotton to select, silk to match, &c.;, and she will come home at night without having made a single blunder, with a large satchel and an empty pocket book, and express packages will be arriving for a week to come. But the strangest part of this strange, eventful story is that she can also tell you off-hand the costume of every lady she saw during her tour, either in the street or. in any of the numerous shops visited. Can a man do this ?. . , 