? THEATRE ROYAL. MR. BIGNOLD'S BENEFIT. The Theatre Royal was crowded in every part on Friday evening, when Mr. George Rignold took J a benefit. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois and suite were present. The programme was a capital one. The entertainment commenced with the representation of a comedy-drama entitled " Alone." The production is a meritorious one. It contains a large fund of entertaining material, and it has the advantage of being very brief. As Colonel Challice, Mr. Rignold achieved a great success. His acting was characterized by an intensity of natural force such as theatregoers are not often privileged to witness. The transition from Henry V., both in appearance and action, was almost complete, and were it not for Mr. Rignold's peculiar intonation of voice when he is affected by the deeper emotions many might have been led to doubt that ths personation of the martial monarch was the one who appeared as the blind irritable old Colonel. -Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner acted the part of Mrs. Thornton, a sarcastic creature, and so dreadfully affected as to have imaginary ailments, the initial letters of which run the alphabet through. Her performance was a most spirited one and created a favourable impression oh the audience. Mr. Reynolds as Dr. Mickethwaite has not appeared to better advantage for a long time. Mr. Carey amused the audience by his eccentricities as Stratton Strawless, an impertinent meddler with other people's affairs. Miss Jessie Grey was fairly successful as the wrongel daughter of Colonel Challice, but would be more so if she paid some attention :to pausation and mastered an unpleasant whining propensity. On the fall of the curtain all the performers were called forward. Mr. Rignold took advantage of the opportunity then presented, and returned thanks to the audience and to the Adelaide public generally for their patronage. He believed that he had enjoyed an unprecedented run of success as far as Adelaide concerned, and he attributed this in a large degree to the co-operation he had received from Mr. Allison. He referred to the fact that Mr. Allison first brought him to Australia, and added that since he had been in Adelaide he had been in negotiations with that gentleman, which would most likely lead to their being intimately connected in the production of " Henry V." in London and Paris. It was the ambition of his life, he said, to perform Henry V. in Paris. This announcement was received with cheering. Douglas Jeirold'8 ever-acceptable nautical drama " Black-eyed Susan," was then produced. As William, the trne-hearted manly sailor, Mr. Rignold appeared in striking contrast to his previous performance. In the earlier scenes he totally spoiled any effect that might be produced by the rapidity of his utterances. He was positively unintelligible at times. This fault is hardly excusable in an actor claiming a distinction above the ordinary run of performers, and Mr. Rignold will find it to his advantage if he strives to overcome the strong tendency towards committing the mistake which he displays in all his performances. In the closing scenes he improved wonderfully, his acting being very powerful. The faithful Susan found a capable representative in Miss Watt-Tanner. All the other characters well represented. The same programme is to be repeated this evening. BATES BENEFIT ENTEBTAINMENT.—The entertainment arranged by Mr. Allison for the benefit of the widow and family ot the late Mr, F. M. Bates, the actor, takes place at the Theatre Royal this afternoon. A splendid programme has been prepared, which in itself should be sufficient to draw a crowded house. Several scenes from "Henry V."Jwill be performed and Professor Herman, a ventriloquist, will make his first appearance before an Adelaide audience. _ The full programme is published in our advertising columns. PERFORMANCES AT THE BURSA AND JAMES- TOWN.—The Lynch Family of Bellringers will appear this evening at the Institute, Burra, and on Monday and Tuesday at the Institute Hall, Jamestown. PIRIE- STREET MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIA- TION.—The conversazione and art exhibition in connection with this Association was continued in the Pirie- street Lecture Hall on Friday evening, July 25. There was another large attendance, and the Rev. T. Lloyd occupied the chair, the Rev. R. S. Casely also being on the platform. During the intervals the company again sang several glees in a very good style, and songs and recitations were given by Miss Bennett, Rev. S. S. Moncrief, and Messrs, Narroway, G. Daniel, Colton, J. W. Annells, and W. C. Crasby. A solo on the piano by one of Mr. Chinner's lady pupils was well received. Mr. Chinner acted as Musical Director. By a mistake we inserted the name of the Rev. J. Lyall, instead of the Rev. T. Lloyd, as Chairman, in yesterday's Journal. THE GEELONG FOOTBALLERS.—On Friday the Geelong team were entertained at a picnic arranged by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P. They started from the city in the morning in two of Hill & Co.'s coaches, accompanied by Messrs, E.T. Smith, M.P., and J. C. Bray, M J., and a number of Adelaide footballers. On arrival at Crafers a dinner—given by Mr. Smith—was partaken of, and after the toasts of " Mr. Smith" and "The Geelong Footballers" had been honoured the party proceeded to Mount Lofty, and after an enjoyable ride in the hills returned to town at 4 o'clock. The visitors left for Glenelg by the quarter-past 5 o'clock train and there boarded the s.s. South Australian, which then proceeded on her voyage to Melbourne. Before the team left they gave the sum of £30 to be distributed among the following benevolent institutions:—Female Refuge, Ladies'Benevolent Society, City Mission, and Children's Hospital £5 each, and the Adelaide Hospital £10. DANIEL O'CONNKIX.—An entertainment in honour of the birthday of Ireland's great agitator will be given in the Town Hall on Wednesday next. FOOTBALL.—The football matches to be played to-day are Adelaide v. Port, on the Port ground ; South Park v. South Adelaide, on the South Parkground; and Norwood v. Kensington, on the Kensington Oval. WHITE'S ROOMS.—Mr. D'Arcy Read's ghost entertainment will open to-night at White's Rooms. The show has been very well received in the other colonies. ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB.—The members of the Hunt Club will meet this afternoon by invitation at Rostrever, Magill, the residence of Mr. Rcss Reid. Sweet are the Uses of a Ministerial Supporter.—Tradesman—" Pm sorry to trouble you, but that little account is there no way of settling—" Liberal Politician—" Yes there is —RIL get the Government to make you a J J." —(Bargain struck.)-Melbourne Punch, 