\- SECOND PASTORAL LETTER. The following is a copy of the second Pastoral Letter addressed by the Archbishop of Sydney to the clerg', secular and regular, and the faithful of the diocese of Sydney : — " Roger Bedc. by the grace of God and tbe favour of tbc Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and the Faithful of the said Archdiocese. t Health and benediction in the Lord. " Reverend and dear brethren, and dear children in Jeans Christ,— " Though the Catholic Church is by far the most formidable opponent of the great apostacy, still she is not its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if they possess any sound heart of Christianity, are com pelled, in self-preservation, to set themselves .against it ; nor does it follow, from their being at one in this, that they arc mutual friends ; because two men, for their own private reasons, hate a third man, that does not even tend to prove that they love each other. Those who profess the Catholic faithand these who pro test against that faith can, for causes known to them selves, and those causes may be radically different, strike out against one and the same antagonist. Thus the Catholic Church and the English nation, whilst conflicting with each -other,- are compelled, by force of principle, to resist the advances of the great apos tacy. u The English nation, though it be not Catholic, is' still in many, ways profoundly Christian. For well- nigh 1000 years j£ugland lay steeped, as in a bath of supernatural light, iu tho strong Christianity of the Catholic Church ; and the benign influence of the Anglo- Saxon monarchy of that most touch ing period of England's history still exerts a' certain sway over the people's conscience. It took possession of and moulded the national sentiment; and at the date of King St. Edward's death, those laws, customs, and traditions which still give evidence of their influence, had stamped an especial character on the national heart. The five centuries of Norman- English rule consolidated and deepened the work of the previous period ; and the Catholic Church ex panded in power as she did in organization, and became pars and parcel, not only of. the law, but of the blood and heart of- England. Her venerable Sees, her renowned universities, her great monastic orders, her schools and munificent charities, her large pre rogatives in the temporal order, her glorious past, written in many an illuminated page, her saints and martyrs, her kings and queens, wearing the aureola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on, the popular imagination — how could England, living for well nigh 1000 years in such a thrall as this, help being per manently affected in her national character ? Down to the 16th century wc may fairly say ttyat the land had been living the life of the Catholic Church, as it has formed some of the most beautiful pages of her history. Since that date, whilst the Church's authority has been rejected, many of her broad funda mental teachings have remained. " Look at the England of to-day, and say whether or no you do not perceive in some of the main out lines of her character deep, indelible tokens of past influences? "What do we sec? First, a national Church, with the old cathedrals and old sees and the village churches, all proclaiming their origin in every stone of them ; a hierarchy of archbishops and bishops, with the prayer-book and the ritual breath ing, if they breathe any breath at all, a breath redolent of ancient days ; then there arc the old Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, seed-plots of great men in ever walk of lif$, and pregnant, in form and temper, with a spirit that took hundreds of years to bring to anything like perfection. The surface of things is changed, hut iu the depths, sleeping hut not dead, the old spirit watches and protects the Christianity of England. -There is much of tho antique spirit in tbc high nobility — the honour, self- respect, truthfulness, honest, and generosity of a chivalrous age. The people are, as a body, charitable, earnest, religious, and unconquerable in their perse verance. They love order and lav. ; they are honourable iu their commercial, transactions ; they are the most domestic jieople iu the world, and possess many beautiful natural virtues, »vhich are elevated aud refined through those traditionary principles which, as a salt, keep the nation sound at heart, and- help to maintain it vigourously Christian. Added to these virtues, there i3 their deep love and reverence for the "Word of God. By its means the idea of the supernatural is kept from dying out, and the thought of the Almighty, Hi.s Providence, Christ's Atonement, His more, love, and grace become a precious heritage amougst the people. There the great moral virtues are round illustrated and enforced ; and so deeply is the Bible treasured that it is looked upon by the masses as being as essential an element in the nation's greatness as the majesty of the throne itself to its stability. "Thus, the English people are profoundly im pressed with the conviction that the nation's great- . ness and prestige spring from this principle of Christianity ; that its soundness of heart, its enter prise and its successes on a large scale, arc due iu the ultimate amriysis to the fact that the broad founda tions of the Empire are set in the maxims of the Gospel, and the principles dictated by the Inspired Word. Almost as a consequence of this, the two lending traits of tbc national character arc honesty and thoroughness ; and what Englishmen prize most for themselves aud others is civil aud religious liberty, "Look at the condition of England at the present hour. Unity of Faith is gone. Its place is taken by 150 different sects The nation must accept this state of things. Is it according to the national spirit to invent a scheme for fusing all these religions into One ? Such an idea is abhorreut from the national feeling. It has nothing about it either of honesty or thoroughness j it is more in conformity with a masked infidelity, and with a spirit of trifling with Divine things, and with God himself, from which an earnest religious mindspoutaneously recoils. English men being thorough themselves like others to bo thorough also. They infinitely prefer an outspoken, fearless enemy to one who cringes. Though they may detest a man's creed or method, thoy still more detest, they loathe, cowardice in him who has not courago to express or to maintain what in his heart he thinks to be tbe truth. Take the case of English Catholics in English society at home. In thorough Eng lish Protestaut society the way to gain influ ence aud respect is to be thorough also. Cardinal Manning, having moved in both societies— in Catholic aud Protestaut — disable to give incontestible evidence upon this point. He, an Englishman, for half of his life an Anglican, thoroughly conversant with English ways and views, iu his 4 Miscellanies1 writes as fol lows: 'English society, with all its vices,' he says, 1 does after all represent the English character. There is something downright manly and decided in it : and it rnsnnntn tbf» R»mn. t.hnfc is. its mvn nn.alitins in others as much as it despises and ridicules all ser vile or petty eagerness to court its favour. Down right masculine and decided Catholics— more Romau than Rome, more ultramontane than the Pope him- . self — may enter English society and bo treated with, goodwill and respect everywhere, if only they will hold their own with self-respect aud a delicate con sideration of what is due to others. It is this very boldness which inspires both respect and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity, and sincerity is respected by everybody worthy o'f the name of English man. No greater blunder could ho committed than to try to propitiate Englishmen or English society by a tame, diluted, timid, or worldly Catholicism.' "New how does all this bear upon Catholic educa tion? It bears upon it iu the directest manner. For, if Englishmen love nothing better than honesty and thoroughness, even in tho holding of a creed which they think a grand mistako, they will be consistent, and will love honesty and thoroughness in education. Thoy will hold that, if there must be diversity of creed, at all events there should be thoroughness and honesty in the holding to that diversity. The national honesty and thoroughness with tucrn is a potent element in national strength. Ii a man be true to his God, there is a cliance of his being true to his country. But he who would barter avay his religion, or treat it lightly, would turn out a poor creature in the day of a nation's trial. Hcucc, though he condemns Catholicity, uu Englishman has no faith in a lukewarm Catholic, any more than he has in a timid soldier. He says, in effect, 1 Let the nation be brought up honest and thorough, aud then wc stand a chauco of holding our own, and maintaining tho prestige of the Empire. Let the young, who will take our places when we are gone, bo drilled into this great idea. Let all, of whatever creed, have equal chance in the race, and, whilst each is earnestly and thoroughly trained in his own religion, let aU be equally assisted in the fitting of the mind for life's battle when it comes.' " What is the conscqiicuce of this master-principle which energizes so strongly in a nation's lifo ? It is this : that oven that creed which the nation has re fected for 800 years receives equal treatment with ihe established creed in tho scheme of national edu cation for the people. England knows well that a bad Catholic is a danger to the State, whilst a tho roughly good one holps towards tho national glory. The, re are no pampered' Public schools, set up for the benefit of a fraction of tho people. Catholic schools and Protestants are on an equal footing with ' Public schools' in Great Britain. AU are treated exactly alike on tho principle of payment by results. Take the report of Catholic schools in England, "Wales, and Scotland for the year that has passed. " In tho year ending 81st August, 1878, there were actually inspected in England and Wales 093 Catholic institutions, containing in them 1172 departments, in which separate teachers are employed— that is 215 of boys, 191 of girls, 306 of -infants, 460 mixed. There was an average attendance in these schools of 126,305, comprising 68,255 boys, 63.050 girls, divided ns to the teaching into 27,427 boys, 'or mixed, under masters ; 63,422 girls, or mixed, under mistresses ; and 35,456 infants under mistresses. The total of children on the school register, 191,841: the number attending half-time, 15,101. " The net amount paid to the schools out of Par liamentary grant was £95,706 6s fid, giving a rate of . grant for each scholar in average attendance of 16s ld. Tho grant during the same time to the Church of England schools was 15s 0£d; to Wesleyan schools, 15s 73d; to British schools, I03 G$d to School-board schools, 15s Id a scholar. " The claim of Catholic schools on the Parliamen tary grant fell under seven heads : The first for aver age' attendance, under. which £37,901 12s fid was claimed; the second for the attendance of infants, amounting to £15,716 8s fid ; the third is for exami nation in standards, amounting to £28,915 123 fid ; the fourth for examination in classes, amounting to £12j355 7s 7d ; the fifth for examination in special subjects, amounting to £178 18s : tbe sixth comprised special grants to small schools, and amounted to £23 6s 3d ; the seventh was the grant to pupil- teachers of fiOs. to those who obtained the mark of Well, and of 40s to those who obtained the mark of Fairly. "The Government grants to Catholic , training colleges for the year ending 81st December, 1878, were as follows : — To St. Mary's, Hammersmith, £1738 12s fid, together with £26 10s, received from Science and Art Department, total £1765 2s fid, the students in residence being 39 ; to the Training Col lege of Notre Dame, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool, £2913, together with £02 from the Art Grant ; total £29G5j the studentt in residence being 114 ; to the Traiuuig College of the Sacred Heart, Wandsworth, £1607 17s 10d, the students in residence being 50. \ " Catholic night schools received a grant for tho year onding 31st August, 1878, of £1054 Is fid, beinga rate per scholar in average attendance of 8s Gd. "The whole grant for Catholic schools in England and' Wales in the year ending 31st December, 1878, was £109,495 9s 9d. " The grant to Catholic schools in Scotland for tho same period was £19,370 89 7d. The rate of grant for Scotland per scholar in average attendance was, in Catholic .schools, l is fijd ; in Church of , Scotland schools, 16s lld; in Free Church schools, 16s 5d ; in Episcopal Church schools, 14s 7d;'" iu Public schools, 16s lfi£d. "If we add together the whole grant. to Catholic elementan schools and training colleges in England and Wales, which amounts to £109.495 9s fid, and that to schools in Scotland, whicn amounts to £19,370 8s 7d, we obtain a collective grant for Great Britain, in tbe year 1378, of £128,865 18s 4d. " Was it ont of love or tenderness to Catholicity, as such, that the great statesmen of England framed such a 3ystem as this ? and was it because they loved tho Pope that the English people accepted it? All who have any knowledge of the national spirit are well aware that, had there not been some pro found reason connected with the national prosperity, the Catholic Church would have been ill-used in England, or a system would have been set on foot to weaken tho blood iu Catholic veins, and mclt.tho vigour of Catholic life out of the people. The creeds would have had to scud their children to schools without religion, or so arranged that no decent man, with self-respect, could teach religion in them. The creed schools would be treated with disfavour by the Government or their officials ; the State schools would be as palaces through the laud, with the best masters and appointments ; whilst those schools where the love and fear of God, and tbe great direc tive principles of religion, were hour by hour insisted on, would, on the principle of the decay of the weakest, dwindle gradually away, as a nation would be reared up with less and less re ligion, and more and more of that pagan spirit which is, if history ever taught a lesson, the sure presage of moral effeminacy aud uational decay. Far- seeing English statesmen, possessing the characteristic of the race, resisted this spirit of national apostacy, and respecting, as gentlemen do, the conscientious convictions of the humblest; grfYc fair play to all, and conciliated the love and affection of England's Catholic subjects. Thus the nation will continue to bold her own in tbe broad contests of international life ; her nerve and sinew will be tough, her heart sound ; and the principles of her imperial sway will still be founded in the depth of a Christian spirit. She, on broad, wide-reaching principles of states manship, maintains a system of education based on a principle that would satisfy the requirements of the Catholic Church. In resisting Secularist Education/ we are, in reality, resisting a principle of national overthrow ; and bv maintaining our rights as Catho lics we are doing untold service to the State. Here, interest.? arc identical. Here, whilst we are holding, or struggling, for our own, we are laying lines of future prosperity. Wc are the true friends of the people and of the country, for we found our own honour aud greatness on our conscientious convic tions regarding morality and faith ; aud let U3 do all that in us lies to make known to others, who know them not, these great principles of religious liberty, religious thoroughness, and religious honesty, or which imperial England'.! greatness mainly rests. " Dearly beloved, let us continue to press our claim to equality. We cannot, in conscience, send our children to 1 Public schools.1 We arc bound in duty to bring them up thorough Catholics, not thorough Protestants, however exemplary Protestants may be. This is 110 cry started for a purpose. The whole Catholic world knows, and all intelligent Protestants know, that Catholics who have any thoroughness in them cannot bring themselves to jeopardize tho future Catholicity of their children by sending them to Pub lic schools. The Anglican Bishop of Melbourne. Dr. Moorhouse, a prelate of thorough English mind, recognizes the full forco of the Church's teaching on this subject. He 'says: 'The Roman Catholics are asking from us nothing more than what the- freest Governments in the world have granted to them. Iu Prussia, in Baden, in our own colony of Canada, and wherever Roman Catholics and Pro testants are largely intermingled in the population, the Government has recognized that the peculiar opinions of Roman Catholic have made separate schools for them necessary. The concession of such schools is inevitable. If not granted by our sense of .justice, it will sooner or later be wrung from ouc political necessities. "Dearly beloved, we have the strongest faith in the sense of fair pla in tho minds of our fellow- colonists. We are convinced that, when. they really grasp our case, they will be ready to give us all we ask. Wo merely beseech those con cerned so to arrange that a large section of the community, the Roman Catholics, aomo say one- third of the population, may give their children a thorough, honest Catholic education, and receive for secular instruction, tested by Government inspectors, equal iissistauce with those who are satisfied with Public schools. " ' Therefore, my beloved brethren, be steadfast and immovable ; always abounding in tho work of the Lord, knowing tliat your labour is not vain in; the Lord.' 1 For the rest, brethren, sejoicc, be perfect, take exhortation, he of one mind, have peace ; and the God of peace and of lave shall be with you. . . . The grace of out Lord Jesus Christ, aud the charity of God, and the communiion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.' "Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches and chapels of the archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, August 24, 1879. J IVUuf.lt XJf.lJi'., Ai'chbisliop of Sydney and Metropolitan." 