Arohbishop Vaughan on the Education Bill. The following i» the greater portion of «n nrl 'resmielivered by Archbishop Vuogbun when lajinB the foundation-stone, on Sunday wfCk, of a new Roman Catholic Rcli'ol nt Dalniaiii: — And now, if they will let me, I will U-\\\ a bit of my mind In n I Ikmi'i'kI, liberal-minded men with regard to those ffKit nvonU which are ' casting their dark and gloomy shadows Iv-fore.., They 8»y in tho country that wh«n n siorin is comine of unusual vio li'iic' tin- uuiiuals become unusually quiet in the fields, and thore teems to be a hash in nature, till suddenly the cataracts uf heaven i-|-™, find lbs thunder bellows uk iho forked lightning flashes on ercry side, und shivers, and chars, and lorne into 11 bluck wreck tho noblest tree in the forest. Though things caunot well lio as bud as Ibis, I will nut conceal from yon or ffoin myself that there are signs in the Leavens of that which of all things elso in a froe country is likely to pro duce such a storm iw mi bishop or priest would be able to avert. 1 refer to the Ftiiril of tyranny and persecution that e.'giiis us if it wns ali'. nt to ba unchained. Am I unt an Englishman, 'standing here before the children of the IriBh race? .Have I not since tha very first d»y I landed lien-, well nigh six years ago, held out tl-u hand nf brotherhood to all of y»u. And did I not tell you that our sympathies were wellded together by Inmde of ancient Eilffring, and that the thought of what your people went llm-ngh on one Ride of the Channel, j. lined lo tho thought of the persecution siifferml by my own on the other— did I unt say Unit this humid ma to you with nn unconquerable sympathy strong as charily, which in uiuro powerful than di-alh. And have I not during these six yi*»r« iliat I have been your spokes man and your fiiend, proved to you that these winlfl wen1 no vain words, bnt that they wi-ro (be ixpresnion of an hidden energy that boa spent itself, and wit spout] iiBflf, to tlie fml in your uervica? And did wo mil congratulate one with niintlier that we found a home in a bright and sunny Innd, whom 'nor Bor row nor cryiui! Bhniild bo any more ;'' mid did wo not think that thongli (lie nast wag imiuful, elill we had putH3,O(IO tni'es of Bcs between ourselves and tho Fcwms of ancient Buffering and degrada tion ? Yes wu did. Bat aln», havo we mil boon too saniiiiino in our anticipa tions ? What did we suffer as slaves and helots for at hornet Bbeanse wo preferred torture and donth to nctivily agninst our ennscience, and to bo botch orod nnd disembowelled rather than allow \- tlinBo fur whom we were responsible to bo Inmpered with in their faith. Wo hoped that we had escaped from all forms ef lyrnnny and ixjreccotion by cooling so far nway— where we woniAold that all were equnl, and all were froe. 1 hoped that by my kindness to you, and by slumliug up for you, and defending you, and shoving sympathy sad low to yen, Unit it would in some wny make up lor all yon hud undergone* uL tlie hands oT my cimnlryinen ; and I did hope that they nut here would only be too glad to j,.in mo and treat you with exceptional tenderness especially with rogard to your religion and your children; with tho Mioncht in their mind— with the burn ing consciousness of all the cnn'l mon strous wrongs 'that they had inflicted on yon in til'- past. But all ill is seems lo bu n vuin illusion — a dream from which we nro lo be aroused by nuwit tho roost iiiffenitiiiflly d. -vised piece of scientific pimecntion thnt has been invented in n'odcrn times— the. end of the more bir.Ul fiinn of persecotinn, and the be ginning of the mose cnltivnled oue. It ip to dost ruy onr holy religion, 1 be lieve the scientific method is more effec tive, and I believe more odious, than the more expoditoivs way of -roaring outtho heart mid bowels nf a grown man. Her? tlie plan is to strike at little children — at the helpless lilllo children of the Culbolic poor. Do you know that in the dnys «f trial they had a special in strument for squeezing the life and blood out of those Catholics who declinod to deny their God If It was e kind of press, with ii.ecrew at the top. Tho Catholic man or woman was slioved into this press, just large enough to hold one ; the top was forced down with a screw until it touched the head and bock of tho victim. Then the real npeistion began. By a slow, almost imperceptible, process, the top wns continually pushed farther and further down till the victim first lost breath, then the framo gradually gavo way, and tho whole bod; collapsed into a mungled bleeding mass. This was called ' The Scavenger's Daughter.' Mow thn modern scavenger's daughter is of a different construction. The arch bishops nnd bishops have told yon that ' 'the secularist system and schools founded on tbat system, so far as Catholics are concerned, are ' eeedplots of future In fidelity, immorality, and lawlessness,' for they tend towards destroying the fulness of your Catholic faith, and tence of yonr Catholic morality and reverence, and I am glad to Eeo that the' news papers have been Cxing tbat condemna tion indelibly on your minds by their continued and opportune quotation of the words of the joint pastoral. Well, using my private judgment in the choice of an expression, I wonld call those schools 'Scavenger's daughters,' be cause they are most effective instruments invented by man for squeezing very gradually and almost imperceptibly true Catholic faith out of Catholic people. I have' said this before in other words ; the bishops have epoten with me ; the world knows what our teaching is ; it has been printed and reprinted in every newspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established, that Catholics cannot in conscience send their children to non-Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has been in all the news papers that we object to sending clergy men to the Public Schools, whether with claBs-rooms or without, to join the jar of tongues and the contradiction of creeds wiiich is ebhorent from all onr instincts of ruverenoe and religion. We have most carefully, and ire think we may say boldly, spoken out as wm onr bonnden duly, knowing as we did that a change vua tu be made in the Education Act unfavorable to our views. What bag been tho result ? First of all, a hurri cane of abuse and endlsta ioiult cast npon what is dearer to us than lite itself, upon onr holy religion, As to those who have abused and insulted mo personally the worst wish to harbour in their regard is that they may imve the grace to bo come Catholics before they dio. Well, during tho downpour, 1 endeavoured calmly and clearly to state onr case. Ono thing, I believe, all will admit— that our case 'ias been stntod clearly, and is perfectly intelligible. Next, Parliament meets. The outlines of the new education scheme are laid down before the colony. What are its provisions? What is its drift? Thorn is one thing in its drift which I admire, and tliul is .that it evi dently attempts to moelthe requirements of eorne largo part of the community. It not only implies a knowledge of thoir cxUtenco but it also aims at answering Home of their want«. The Church of England will hive greater facilities for religious instruction]; tho Nonconformsts will hava, it seems, all they want us fur as they aro -concerned ; Iho Leagno will have several concessions, partial compul sion, if not entire, and an approach to freedom from feos*. I admire any nt tainpt at meeting the wishes of large classes. I am only loo pleased when I sea my fellow colonists rejoicing in a method of education which gives them, as fathers and mothers, poaca and happi ness when they think of thoir children. 1 would be among the first to interfere, the first to speak onl were they tyrannixad over, or were their conscientious convic tions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. Ho far tho promise of the now hill solicits my respect. But this very quality wl.ich 1 admire as bearing upon Prnlobtnnts, heightens my sense nf grief and indignation when I reflect that Catho lics exclusively aro, in n studied manner apparently ignored, whilst iu reality they are trampled on. Working men of Hal main, I am addressing myself to you. You lore your religion batter than your life, if I may judge from tho post. Von would rather die than jeopardise tho future Catholic prospects of your children. Yonr church and your bishops proclaim what your consciences and your instincts tell vou is the simple truth — that you may not send yonr children to public schools. Ton are poor, working, honcBl luboring men, gelling your thirty-five shillings a week, trying to provide liltie homes for yonrsolvos, and to bring up your children as good and as re spectable as you are yourselves. In you I am addressing all the labouring classes in the colony. Wn Calholics represent one-third — si mo say more, some loss— of tho popnlalion. Tho now Bill treats tenderly nil the other sections. How docs it treat yon T Can you with Iho wildest stretch nf imagination, und Irish men are not deficient in that, can yon in your wildest moments imagine a siuglo point in that Bill which shows that yon bars been tlionglit of with kindness and sympathy I Have you not the painful consciousness that so far as this new scheme is concerned your caso haB boeu ignored, whilst nil others have bcon thought of? Show me one siuglo point where there is a sign, or shadow, or ghost of a shadow of a sign, that regard has 'been felt for Iho conscionlious con victions of ono-third of tho population, of tho great Catholic interest in this colony. Thnngbl of! Yos you have been thought of, yon havo nol been ignored. It would seem to some that you huvo boon unceasingly before the eyes of thoso who framed this Bill, that they might not oven by soino inadvertent blunder, throw you some, miserable Blued of justice And they havo not kept you in view in vuin. Whilst seemingly ignoring yoa, they have, knowingly or unknowingly, invented an instrument of scientific persecution exquisite in its per fection for carrying out its onda. It combines insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignore yourexisicnco tramples yonr most cherished impiralions under foot. Working m«n of Unlmain, let me explain myself. Yon have to live on hard-earned wages, and you know the value of small snmB of money, and can only with iltrifl and care keep the wolf from the door. Whit does the new Bill do for you, for the thousands of the Catholic poor? Does it sympathise with your poverty, and encourage yonr sturdy faith, and soothe yonr hard life by giving your children a chance of being instmcted in secular knowledge, and being brought up thorough Catholics 7 I will tell you in a few words what it does for yon. If it. could speak it wonld say — though its frainers may not mean it — it wonld say : — ' I am a modern monstrosity so con trived as to flatter all sections of the community except the Roman Catholic These miserable creatures munt be got rid of somehow, bnt first of all they mnst be kicked and insulted. My predecessor born in 18G6, was a fair . specimen of persecntion for tbat day; but we are older now, and have advanced further into light. That Bill forced the thousands of tbe Catholic poor, and the rich too, to pay for tbe education of other poople's children, in schools they could not ose themRclvcs. But I am an improvement on th«t. I sen going to build greet granimcr schools for boys, and the Catholics shall pay equally with those who use them for those also. Palaces for girls shall also be established, where girls shall learn to be discontented possibly with their homes and with their lot. Catholics, though .they cannot nse them, shall pay for them, too, as if they did. Then I mean, more over to multiply the schools they can not use, reduce the fees, and Catholics ?hall bear this burden here as well. To this I mean to add about, the most ex quisite insult potsible that is to have each public school, having so many children, famished with a olass-room which Catholics cannot nse. In this class-room all tbe various depojninalionR, whose very existence is a. protest against the Catholic religion, shall teach their various creeds, and as a necessary oonse qnence condemn the faith of Catholics, eo tbat. Catholics will be paying for thn very buildings in which, day alter duy, nnd bonr after bonr, their religion is, or may be, denonnced in terms wall-known to all ? To this insult perfect iu its kind, I am going to add «n injury equally per fect in iie nature. Having ignore I every ?ingle jost demand, having made the Catholics pay as has been described, I then carry tho wjr into the en-my's camp. They still have demoninalional schools, they love them, they are proud of them, they erected them ot great ex pense— theso I moan to knock on the head. For, since Catholics are tbe poor est section of the community, and since their small raeans are forced from them to pay for the edncalion of other people's children, how will they be able, pnnr as they are, to pay, as it were, out of bplh pockotn at once, to educate their own children as well as those of others? How can they keep pace with the rednc. lion of fees I Thoy may struggle for a time like fish in a not, but we will take them ont of their bath nf supernatural light, and if they do not .become infidels or ranters, they will become nondescripts .—and everything, evoti 'a blackfollow, is belter than a Papist.'' Such is the language tbat the new Dill, so far as I know anything nf it, speaks to me. I do not mean to iusiuuato tbat ail this was intended ; possibly, such a picture as I have painted did not consciously enter the indentions of legislators. I am simply speaking of facts, which are hard things. That is the language of the Bill, to any intelligent man who has ears to hear, and to every Catholic who has a soul, and a hoart beating in his body. It is a modern monstrosity of cruelty aud tyranny, so far as wo arc concerned ; and I believe every fair- minded man in the community will syuipulise with us, assist us lo preserve our froodom of conscience, nnd to obtain our just and self-evident rights. Why should wo alone be igni rod' Why should our cry not be heard? Why should Catholics, and only Calhol ice, bo trampled on and insulted in the way I have described ? We do not sUnd in the way of others ; we rejoice when thoy are happy ; when thoy can feel that their children are doing well, it is a true pleasure to use. What plea sure or happiness is there in seeing us sad and broken, life slaves and serfs, who have no Iriends, and are the outcasts of the people ? What pleasure, in this niuotoeutb. century, is there in producing so grave an irritation, so galling a wound, us will be produced il that Bill bocoincslaw? I cannot hohevo it. I will not believe that tho majority, the sound portion of the community, will stand by silently, and not support as in our just struggle for liberty and fair play. You working-men of Balmain, you Catholics of this colony to whom my roico or my words will roach, be true to yourselves in this great crisis. Your religion, tho one dearost thing in life, is at stake. If your children are not brought up in thorough Catholic schools they cannot bocome thorough Catholic mon; nnd a Catholic who is not thorough in Ins. faith is generally the fathor of a lino of indifforeutists and apostates. And you, my own English countrymen, who iovo fair play nnd a just measure, why not join mo in yonr own way in Booing justice dono? One of you has already sent his generous subscription of £5, and a most kind jotter to Father Dillon. I seem to eoo many of you around me, if I mistuko not. Let me onlist your sympathy in behalf of a rightoous cause. Your hearts are true nnd stout, I know ; and you cimnol stand by and not join the weaker sido in sup porting its just righls ngninst what will b'1, as yon know, a terrible tryranny and oppression. As for myself it IB my vecatinn, and my most solemn duty to defend and preserve the fuith of my people. In me it would be no heroism to lay down my lifo in its defonco, or to spill my blood nut of love for my flock. Tli at is my profussion, its a soldier's is to go lo war and to risk his life for his Queen and country. Let nol tho worid think that the Catholic fuith can bo blotted oul by any instrument,, however modern and subtle iu its operation. It bus lived 1600 'y&irs; nnd more, and it will abide to the very end. It is my part, duringjmy short span, to protect it; and I hope, by God's grno-, to spend my lifo and strength and as little talent as I may i-«ssess in ils defence. Remember nnion is strength, nnd persevorence alone is crowned. Lot us unite, let us perso vero, and in tho end we shall bo placed on an equality with our fullow-colouistn, and be 6uflered to bring up Catholic children thorough Catholics, without being de I privad for doing so of onr just help for srcnl&r; instruction. We aro strong in numbers, our cause is a righteous one, nnd let us use every legitimate means for bringing it to a victorious issue. 