WOMAN. Great indeed is the task assigned to woman, Who can elevate its dignity ? Not to make Jaws, not to lead armies, not to govern enter prises, but to form .those by whom laws are made, armies arc led, empires are governed. To guard against the slightest taint of bodily Infirmity, the frail yet spotless creature whose moral no less than physical being must I) a derived from her ; to inspire those prin ciples, to inculcate those doctrines, to animate those sentiments which gene rations yet unborn and nations yet uncivilised shall learn to bless; to soften firmness into mercy, and chasten honor into refinement; to exalt genero-ity intovirtue; by soothing care to allay the angirsh of the mind ; by her tenderness to disarm passion, by her purity to triumph over feme ; to cheer the rchoLr sinking under his toll ; to be compensa tion for friends that are perfidious; for hap- noes that has passed away — such is her vocation. The couch of the torturad sufferer, the prison of the deserted friend, the cross of the rejected Saviour— these are the theatres in which her greitest triumphs have been achieved. Such is her de3tiny— to visit the forsaken, to attend to the neglected. When monarcbs abandon, when counsellors betray, ' when justice persecute?, when brethren and disciples flee, to remain unshaken and unchanged ; and to exhibit in this lower world a type of that love, pure, constant and ineffa ble, which in another world we are taught to believe the text of virtue. — BlackwooiVs, Miss Celeste Winams, daughter of tha late Thomas Winam, of Baltimore, is s.dd to bo the richest heiress in America, very haudaome, and only twenty, The fortune she inherited from her father is said to be £4,000,000- At a wedding celebrated at Louisville, a short time since, between a lady of the city and a gentleman of Cincinnati, the bridal calce pre pared for the occasion was nine feet in height, and cost £50. This was flanked on either side by two lesser ones, constructed at a cost of £15 each. The other ' creature comforts" provided for the feast were in the saino proportion. Ghosts' brdls ore (says a writer in the £im- beam) tho latest novelty among American fashionables. The dancers wrup themselves in sheets, which entirely conceal the head and ball ciresses, disguise themselves further by putting on cardboard nojes, and, affecting a different voic,e then glide about saying all kinds f. of satirical things to each other, while the fun consists in endeavouring to discover who is who. Much harmless enjoyment might bo had in this way, taking care, of coulee, to avoid hurting anyone's feelings by too personal remarks. It Is a pity the season fur dances is just over, else some of our fashionables in search of novelties anight adopt these ghosts' assemblies, which have thrown calico balls quite into thc>hadc in America, 