lap® 4® Luke Mivers' Harvest. Bv N. WALTER SWAN. Tbe ' Sydney Mail' Prize Tale. Chapter XXIV. — Ma. Bryan Fitzgehald declares HIMSELF. The intercourse between Helen Mivers and Bryan Fitz gerald became insensibly closer. The Mindorf house now appeared to hold an abiding vacancy, and cover some dismal want, since Luke Mivers, jun., had left it. The father stormed at the son for a few days, but when Fitzgerald told him that he had no knowledge of his whereabouts or intentions, and when again, after inquiring, he told him that he must have left Mindorf, the old man was fully alarmed. 'When the letters came of a morning he looked at them with trembling, and then invited opinions concerning the boy's absence, which he listened to with childish interest. From out of a long silence he would pitiably say : '* TT*» tniifit nr\m(* Tian.lr ' Above hi6 wine he wondered if Luke had begun to think of home — of his home — and the sorrow he had left behind him. ?'Mr. Fitzgerald, sir,' he was wont to say, 'I feel it that the lad should leave me through a trifling misunder standing ; it makes me feel more lonely than I care to say. You know him well. You saved his life. What do you think 'i Now, come, give me a candid answer. He'll come back ? The poor boy has taken some money with him, but that need'nt frighten him ; nothing will be said. Why can't he come back to his home — to his home ! Fitzgerald, you know a good deal of him — why does he not come back r' But Fitzgerald knew nothing beyond the secret he had been told, and hopefully counselled Mr. Mivers to wait. ' I cannot wait,' said Mr. Mivers, irritated by the same unchanging advice. ' There is no waiting for a man of 65 years of age. I might be ill unto death at any time, and I want to see him. I'd give a couple of thousand to see him on that hearth now, 1 would, sir, for I don't forget that I told him if my views did not fall in with his, that this house had two sides to it ; and he rode away in the storm of that black night. If he could only be found and brought back!' One day Fitzgerald saw the name of Luke Mivers pub lished amongst a list of passengers leaving for England. The father had seen it too, and was silently looking out at the sea. 'When Bryan entered he neither looked at him nor spoke, but kept his eyes fixed on the level waters, ' You saw the Argus this' morning V' asked Mr. Mivers after a time ; ' what dD you think of my waiting now r' His voice was low and broken, and his stubborn face showed pain and doubt. 'How about waiting now, Mr. Fitzgerald 'r Goue to England, never to come back. There, that is my inter pretation of the voyage. What do you say '?' ' 1 don't think he has gone to England.' 'Have you seen the p:iper ? Look at it — second cabin, Luke Mivcrs, jun. — look.' ' I have seen it, sir.' » ' And you don't think he has gone? Why ?' ' 1 cannot explain my reasons, but still I hold the belief that he is in Australia still. He may simply have paid some other person to use his name, to 'avoid any present importunity ; it would be very simple — you under stand r' ' Mr. Fitzgerald, you saved his life ; he is more to you than a mere stranger. I need not ask you what you know or what you suspect : that has nothing 'to do with the matter at present ; but if you could add to the obligation of your services by bringing him back, look you, you would smooth the few years of life I have got to spend. ' You are young and strong, the search will be but travel for you— go at my expense. Let me see him again, and break up this loneliness. I can't bear up against it by day and by night. He is my son, sir, you will understand.' Mr. Mivers put his trembling hand upon his face for a minute, in something like a faint effort to press his mis fortune away from him, and sighed. ' I should have known his temper was like mine, and that all the Mivers's stubbornness was his. Through these hut days and dark nights I am thinking — thinking — about him. I have no right to ask you to do it, Mr. Fitzgerald — no right at all, ; but you have leisure and you are strong. If promise of reward would send you ?' ' '? Promise of reward would not send me, Mr. Mivers, nor the prospect of your fortune to back it. If I do go, sir, your money will have nothing- to do with it ; let me think the matter over for a day.' Mr. divers raised himself from his chair, and came slowly over to where Fitzgerald was. ' 1 think you'll do it, and I don't deserve it. I may not have been the best of men to give me a claim on strangers, but if you go you'll give me hope, and that will help to fill the blank that is widening. I suppose it's all selfishness oa my part, but I'm his father, and I sent him.' Then on, in a kind of garrulous thought, ' Age is very lonely. After all these years of striving not even my son near ine, and the prospect of my money does not bring him back — till I am dead. 'What is the use of my money if it won't do that? Money was made to buy. It ought to buy what I want. You think he has'nt gone to England ; it ought to bring him back, even if he had. eh ? Can't it bring him back ? If he is not mad it will. What do you think Y' The speaker had resumed his seat, and was staring up from it with a sunken look, such as a worshipper might feel who finds that the prostrations and sacrifices of a lifetime have been a mistake, and was waiting the bewailing that was surely coming. A short time afterwards Fitzgerald saw Helen down by the bay, and she told him of the atmosphere of sadness that seemed to fill the house since her cousin had gone. ' We cannot leave my uncle in his trouble, and thehouss seems as empty and quiet now as though there was a coffi a in it.' She shuddered and looked away up amongst the the gardens in that direction. ' How I wish the foolish fellow was home again. Do you know the reason of his leaving, Mr. Fitzgerald ?' ' Come down by the strand here, Miss Mivers, I have something to tell you.' She looked up inquiringly, and, without speaking, turned in the direction. ' There is only one thing that has kept me from trying to bring Luke Mivers back, and that is you.' This turned her with a sudden gesture, but it was not more sudden than the flush that rose to her face. 'Me!' ' Miss Mivers, I have been afraid, or too weak, to leave you. 1 have loved you for a long time, and I can only tell you this in plain fashion. I think I am presuming too far in saying so much, for I am not your equal, but the feeling 1 have levels all considerations before it, and I feared you might forget me if I went away. As men linger near some prize they hope to possess, and try to obtain it with every possible effort, and as they think oyer it till that one con sideration becomes their weakness or their strength, so I have thought of you.' Helen's face was against the sea, where the lights lay splashed in glitters of ruby and yellow. She looked trem bling into distant dimness. ' 1 say, I am not your equal. My birth was humble. I have not the education some have, nor can I think of any eason I might urge to make you consider what I say other than presumption. I only know I am speaking the truth, and that the whole hopes of my future are in the few words I have said.' His voice told that more convincingly than his words. ' If you had not held the place you do in the society I have but lately entered, I should not have thought the distance between us so great, but that makes it very wide, and seems to place you so far away that, even now, I wonder at myself.' Miss Mivers' proud face was very pale, but there was a soft light in her eyee, and shifting thoughts quivered her lips. ?' I do not offer you anything but my truth and my love. Many who are more favoured than I am could do as much ; but money, or birth, or high position, cannot furnish a home jvith happiness, or purchase a love that is stronger than time, and a trust that will live with life.' She looked up at his face, with its frankness and perfect truth looking down upon her. There was something like fear gathered on the repose of her wide brow and resting1 on the paleness ; but there was a brave, vast faith in her looks nevertheless. She turned again towards the music of the sea and the poetry of colour spread there before her. Spots of brightness were flung down near deep blue calm that seemed as full of peace as a gained heaven. Beside her — the strong guileless face. Her hands were trembling, but she paid no heed. ' I thought, if I might presume, to ask you. for a return of that trust and love, I would be strong enough to leave you for a time, knowing them to be mine at last. There would be my strength — so strong that the world would never shake it.' ' You would go to England, then,' she asked impul sively, with a nearness in her voice. ' If it would please you, on your uncle's behalf, to search for him in England, he having gone there, I should go. A knowledge of your love would carry me bravely anywhere, but I have reason to suppose he has not left the country. And now, Miss Mivers, I have laid before you all my hopes and fears.' She put her hand in his, with a winning trustful firmness, and smiled on him with her soul in her eyes, and she looked at his face again and again till the tears blinded her, and she told him, brokenly, that her love was his. They walked on as colours of purple and gold crept away out into the beyond after the setting sun to keep his train with shades of regal splendour. Chapteu XXV. — Mr. James Browx prevents a hush. Brown held up his jagged face in the summer heat, and looked at Fitzgerald riding towards him out of the belts of forest land that separated him from Mindorf and walled him in from it with the silence and the dowers that were around the low bush cottage, the whispering grass that covered the dead lead, upheaved and broken with the wounds of pick and spade, and sleeping finally from the din of maledictions, the calls of voices, and the noises of slushing cradles. The great face of the valley was pitted and scarred with the struggle of the past, but time had soothed it over with velvet green, and promised again those sway ing nooks and shelters that bad once before checkered and draped it with stripes and gussets of sun upon the rest that Brown had longed for so often years before. On this beat the hoofs of the 'boy's' horse, as he chose to call him; and when he pulled 'up, with his face glowing and his strong figure resting lightly on the impatient horse, the grczzied man welcomed him with his look of bulldog faith fulness. ' Well, lad. yer soon back again to the old spot. Ah, ye may talk of Mindorf as ye like, but it aint equal to this by long chalks, lhat I will say. Look over at that there.' A stream of sun, banked by coming clouds, was sweeping down the vallev in a tide of light, flooding it from side to side, and from ridge to plain, widening like risen waters down to the fur horizon. ?* This's the place for, Brown, with that there kind of thing to make one glad. Look at the garden, au the creepers, Bryan, on our mother's porch. Lord, if h^r old Avlritc cap was only yonder among the leaves. I could eta/ here always, knowin ye was right, boy. Git off the moke an take a turn, it'll stretch yer legs before supper, an we'll go to the old patch where the gold comes from, an where we got the first dividend of her blessin.' They were soon walking slowly towards the old holes, where so much of human effort had been spent in vain. Brown was leading restlessly, as if burthened with thought, till he stood beside some fresh earth that had been thrown to the surface. , „ _ ' Ye see, Bryan,' he intimated mysteriously, ' I never leaves the windlass ; I'm -workin her still, my boy. I said we'd got here the first dividend o' the mother's blessin. Lord bless ye, it's only the first, an nothin more. The patch wot we thought woiked out hes opened into a lead, an I've washed many a pound weight out of it since ye giv up work. There's twice as much money's worth buried in the old hut floor below the mother's bed than we took out together, an the lead's as rich as when we fossicked the pockets we first found. There's a dozen fortunes there good as we've got now, if there's a ounce— wot d'ye think of that ? ' he said, laughing up at Bryan. ' Did not I tell ve her blessin were a good thing ? Ye'll hev to take it to Melbourne the way ye did the first time. They'd be askin questions at Mindorf.' Bryan put his hands on the old man's shoulders and looked at him with such thankfulness and respect that he turned to busy himself with a rope. ' Look here, it's the gift of our mother, mind ye. An held in trust by me, my boy. Lord, man, when it goes on a while longer, you'll be the biggest nob on 'em all. An' we share the blessin — mind ye always tell me that, lad.' ' Always,' replied Bryan, softened beyond belief ; ' always with you, my friend. We are the only two living who knew her.' , ,., He had already told him of his saving Luke Mivers' life, to which Brown had replied he was right, and but following the mother's counsel. ' Look here,' he said, in a whisper, ' blest if I would'nt shake the old'un by the hand myself, an sometimes I think if I could do nim a good turn it would please her. She knows all that's goin on, Bryan, that's my belief ; an she comes in an out o' the old crib reg'lar, if one could only see her. Darned if I don't think she's a enjoyin of the old seat now, only she aint wisible. 'Cause, ye see, I teel her s'if she was before me.' From the f ullness of his happiness Bryan told him of his interview with Miss Mivers by the strand, to which he replied, with much indifference, that the cottenin' o' the girl to him were one of the naturalliHt things he knew. ' She took ye at yer word, did shej'' he inquired, in a state of grim humour. ' Rather think she did.' ' But she's a great lady, Jim.' ' So much the better, lad, all the greater nob you, that's wot I say, an the sooner ye'll be able to give the sujee coves fits, eh 'i Oh, we're a gettin of the mother's dividends.' ' Young Luke has left his home, and I have promised Mies Mivers to try and find him if he is in Australia. I'm going to start at once.' ' Wot land of a journey is it likely to be r ' I think of going to Melbourne first, and then tracking him, if I can, wherever else he may be.' ' Then I'm with ye, lad. I can hide my workin on the old lead here, an if we can't find him it's a caution to snakes.' ' That is just what I want to dissuade you from. The journey will be an irksome one wherever it may lead, and I feel certain I could do much better alone.' ' If ye mean by that it's a ticklish job, I'm with ye ; but if there aint no manner of dodging wanted, then I aint perticular. How long will ye be arter him ? ' ' it will be a work of some months, I should think.' ' That's a good while, Bryan, but ye know these coves best. You'll take the gold to Melbourne. An' there aint likely to be no trouble about this little game o' yours, honour bright Y' ' None indeed, Jim, that I know of. No, it's not at all likely. But I can easily send you word.' It was late when the treasure that was to be disposed of in Melbourne was unearthed and packed in Brown's deftest and most secure Btyle on the saddle-bow, and the sky was getting grey when the young man started gallantly away towards Mindorf and the low sun. But he would have pulled his horse up with no gentle rein if he had known that the long grass in the silent gully had been gently stirred by a human figure behind them, and that the glittering almond eyes of a large-framed Asiatic had been staring at them through the grass, and greedily longing to understand their conversation. He stalked them till the old hut rose in sight, and then lay quietly down waiting on the dusk. He understood that something had been said of 'gold ' and 'bed;' These words he regarded as signi ficant, and so waited with' the invincible patience of his tribes. If a strong spare form, a long reach, a hungry leather scabbarded knife, and Asiatic cunning gave the spy the advantage, then the stalwart and grizzled Brown, who placed the gold on the saddle as though it were but a change of linen, had little chance of seeing the figure of the retreating horseman any more. Through the paling of the fence, and past the climbing leaves, the stretched-out figure only knew that the horse was being saddled. 'Gold' and 'bed' were behind the silent slabs and below the slowly waving creepers rustling upon the roof. Habits had been contracted by Mr. James Brown during the many years of his hunted life which were eccentric, and to a certain extent suggestive. Mr. Brown watched the figure of the rider disappear in the misty background of trees, and then took a slow cautious sweep of the circle of country surrounding. He walked round the little garden, eying the ground beyond the enclosure with the keenness of a red Indian, and faded into the darkest shade, when he sat with the silence of a sentinel till all the groups of stars were out. Soft warm winds were amongst the grass, and the uncertain shadows grew dimmer as the hush of night fell like a coverlet on the earth. There was no sound or motion to warn hi6 quick ears. The bigshoul dered Chinaman lay as passive as the logs around him, and beyond the moving eyes in the moving grass there was nothing to show that there was any life. It was not until Brown rose and walked quietly into the cottage that a dark globe was raised above the herbage, and the prone figure dragged itself nearer to the palings. There was an hour's fire-light within where could be seen obscurely the move ments of the dweller, in a kind of regularity which showed he was engaged in a routine of the evening. Mr. Brown ate his supper in semi -darkness, and threw himself on the pallet bed undressed, in a manner that would have conveyed, by the decided stealth of movement which he had unthinkingly acquired, that he knew not when some call might be made upon his ready resources. He lay thus thinking of the hopes that had come to him, and of Bryan's prospects, when the sky with its stars beyond the window was suddenly blackened, and the broad Mongolian face and big shoulders showed against the glass. Mr. Brown's sight was of the keenest, but he never moved lest the low nickelings of the fire should betray his wakefulness. The mere outline of the shoulders in trie thickly quilted blouse and the shape of the head told him the kind of visitor that was withont, this being still further proved to his satisfaction by the profile shape as the intruder flitted back. The faint light of the fire trembled up, showing something like a grim smile on the corrugated face that was not at all assuring. . Another hour passed, and the world slept on outside. The eyes of the waiter inside did not leave the window. Again the figure looked in, but there was only to be seen a few dim sparks on the hearth, the shadowy shape of a bed, and a reclining figure. All was so dark and so quiet, and 'gold' and 'bed' so tempting, that after a sustained survey there was a soft movement of the latch, and a field of sky and stars replaced the door. Mr. Brown could see dark tree-tops out beyond, and hear the nearer croakings of the marsh frogs. A sighing breath of air fanned his face, and the form seemed to grow bigger against his eyes. In the darkest nights and in his greatest extremity the sight of the I watcher had not failed, and this incident but came to him with all the familiar excitement of some past rehearsal. His teeth pressed each other hard when he saw the door ; shut upon the sky again, but he resumed the old smile | when the figure bent over the embers and tended them j noiselessly till a thin flicker was born that threw a little ', track of light across the earthen floor and trembled upon ! the spot where the gold had lain. The Chinaman's eyes ? glittered over at the bed, and he saw the motionless man ! and heard his regular breathing. Gradually he gb'ded to the middle of the floor and took the long knife from its 1 scabbard, which caught the little flams with one or two cold gleams. Mr. Brewn did not expect this, and his puke way have beaten faster, but no motion allowed, it. He now readily appreciated the value of continuing his motionless breathing and of remaining moveless, but henceforth his eyes were fixed on the hand that held the knife. By degrees the firelight broadened, and when the thief saw the disturbed earth betraying ' gold' under ' bed ' he straightened up swiftly and stood over Mr. Brown. Brown's eyes were on the blade with immovable constancy. If it had passed upwards from the line of his sight, say above the second button of the Chinese's blouse, he should have announced himself to be awake. Abso lutely the only thing in the hut now seemed to be the breathing in the bed and the faint cracklings of the little fire. The thief stooped his head down till his breath struck Mr. Brown's face while he was making the regular respira tions with the skill of an adept. Then, on one knee, and t till watching, he pressed his thin fingers into the loosed earth. Most men have a natural dislike to commit murder if their purpose can be served without it. This is one even characteristic of every race. The Chinaman, who had seen human slaughter made a pastime of under a ferocious rule, : and had looked on scores of victims being beheaded for a whim, hesitated to secure himself by lifting the blade beyond the level which Mr. Brown had considerately allowed him. That the earth was disturbed seemed to the searcher the last convincing proof of ' gold under bed.' He instinctively clutched his weapon, still resting on his knee while considering the situation ; but the blade did not pass the level of Mr. Brown's sight, and although his broad hand dosed he made no further motion. The man crept over to the fire again, and added a few more sticks skilfully, and again turned his face at the steady breather. The movement of a little blaze rested an instant on Brown's eyes, and the Chinaman strode over like a ghost, with the point of the blade much beyond the utmoBt stretch of the indulgence granted. The breather seemed to be galvanized upright by some shock, and his heavy fist sprang out before him with the swiftness of a thought. The armed hand was caught by the wrist. There was a muffled crunching sound, and the Chinaman's arm fell dislocated as his knife flashed down across the heavy boots of the Englishman. Not a word was said, and when with a rapid movement, that was almost simultaneous with the falling of the weapon, Mr. Brown picked it up, the invader had not recovered his sur prise. A person listening outside would have heard the natural question asked, in very quiet tones — ' Wot fur ye come here ? ' The disabled thief looked wincingly at the knife his opponent held, and stood in shrinking expectancy of he knew not what. Brown put a bar across the door and struck a light. Then he repeated the question, but in a tone and with a look that perfectly conveyed the desirability of furnishing an answer — ' You tell me.' He took a faster hold of the knife-handle, when the thief fluttered down in an attitude of beseeching. ' Gold,' ' bed,' he stammered shrilly ; 'me hear you talkee 'long a lead : me poor, hungry too mush ; me bad, no more come. You good man.' There was an agony of entreaty in 1he face, and a fear in the voice, that Brown by no means approved of. ' Git up, ye infernal sniveller; so ye wanted gold under bed, did ye. There aint none about here ; wish there was. Ye try him, try him, durn ye, d'ye hear ?' The cowed Oriental crawled to the bedside like a flogged dog, and buried his clawing fingers in the soft earth again. ' Try him all, try him well, or I'll slice ye inter cat's meat.' The man scraped out the earth with his left hand as though every handful brought him salvation, and when he had returned it and sat grovelling down, Mr. Brown was tusy laying the table; next he proceeded to make the rembling wretch part ake of a repast which to his rice accustomed stomach must have carried with it its own punishment. In the grey of the morning he dismissed his prisoner, and watched him away amongst the trees with his jagged smile. ' ' There aint a goin to be a rush of Chinamen to this hero gully for a while more. Seen the time I'd a knifed him, but that'ida been fresh trouble.' Mr. Brown further addressed himself, and said approvingly, ' Ye've saved the old lead from them niggers for another spell, an knocked another rush on the head. Lord, if he'd only guessed.' t Whereupon Mr. Brown went inside to prepare his break fast, well satisfied with his night's experience. 