UNDER ONE ROOF : 1 A.N EPISODE IN A FAMILY HISTOBY. j BY JAMBS PAYN. Author of " Lost Sir Massingberd," " By Proxy," &c.; CHAPTER XVHI. TUB raw ARRIVAL. Life, even in this world, has its compensations. If a dull man bores and bores bit company like the Teredo navalie till ail hand* are ready to sink, a bright and genial fellow will irxadiate it ; if the one is u a d$ad fly in the ointment of the apothecary,theother is like the quince in the apple-pie; its savour and fragrance permeate.- the whole dish/and- rescue it from vapidity.; Of the inmate* ot Halcombe Hall, as . we haveaeen,there were several who were 3 oat now notha ving a very eheecfol time of it. Evelyn, at once .menaced and importuned, ma compelled to nurse the wrath which certainly did not nqnire to be "kept warm." George Greshamfelthia footing dangerous, and that unfathomable gulfs were being dug for him by the hand of bis enemy. And to poor little Franirfe the figure of pitiless John Groad always presented itself pointing to the gallows tree. TheBe were not festive social elements, and if a bore had been introduced into the house upon the top of it all, existence at Hal combe wonld have-been well nigh intolerable. Fortunately the new arrival. Mr. Frederic Mayne, was of quite a different species from the Teredo; instead of sinking ships he buoyed them. Even vessels of heavy harden — conversationally speaking, mere colliers—would become almost volatile when he attached himaelf to their side; his spirits woe such that they could have raised wrecks. Tbe mariner's calling has a tendency to make men doll; but though Mayne loved the sea, and almost lived upon it, it had not depressed him. If it had not been for his marine tastes his companionship, perhaps, would have been too much of a good thing; like that gay and thoughtless gentleman who had to be sandwiched between two clergymen before he was fit for general society. His life bad been remarkable. A cadet of an ancient and wealthy race, he had never envied his elder brother the fortune that was in store for him, nor indeed wasted a thought about it: and cutting short a scholarless but not unexciting school time had entered the navy under respectable auspices. His friends had consented to it, in preference to the only alternative he had proposed to himself, which was that of ruining away to sea. The inconveniences, not to say hardships, of this mode of life had not dismayed him as they dismay so many lads with similar aspirations, because all its disagreeables were mitigated by his overpowering sense of humour. Nevertheless this faculty was the cause of his abandoning a career in which, if opportunity had been granted him, he would perhaps have been another Dundonald, if not a Nelson. His captain was stingy and pnnctilious; and as the senior officer on his Btation these qualities became notorious. He was studiously careful not to be entrapped into hospitalities. On one occasion the "young gentlemen" were ordered for " signal practice," which, as every one knows, consists in combinations of flags. The first combination which occurred to Mr. Frederic Mayne was this :— w Captain Blank invites all the captains on the station to dinner." There were seven of them, and they came in full regimentals, each in his gig, at 6 o'clock, to find Captain Blank just sitting down to a small piece of pickled pork. Their host, who had no sense of humour, had a keen sense of ridicule, and he made things so anpleaaant for Mr. Mayne that he eventually had to leave the ship. Hiselder brother, however, had the good feeling to decease at this critical epoch and the midshipman became his own master, and the master of au immense income. Yielding for once to the advice of friends, he hereupon went to the University, where he fell in with George G res ham, and on obtaining his degree returned to bis first love—the sea, and bought a yacht. His native assurance (which was, however, far from impudence), joined to the confidence generally inspired by a great income, gave a rare intrepidity to the expression of his views, and, what was still rarer in so young a man. his views were mostly sound ones. Underneath his light and genial manner there was a substratum of good sense and good feelings, which made honest folks like Frederic Mayne the more, the more they knew of him. On the other hand it must be confessed that folks who did not act upon the square had reason to complain of his manners. He had a natural antipathy to a rogue such as is seldom felt in these days, and still more seldom expressed. When other people wonld cautiously hint that- Jones the duke, or Jones the dustman (for it was all one to the exmidshipman) was " shakey," Mayne would state quite plainly," Jones is a scoundrel " And all the Joneses (who are a numerous race) resented this. If the midshipman had continued in his pr»- fessios he would have found " between decks" incsnvenient as he grew up, for he was very tall. His complexion was difficult save for a metaphysican to speak of, because he had none; his face was bronzed by wind and weather, and the salt foam; but if you could have got down to it. it would probably have been a fair one. His hair was light brown, and curled over his forehead like a boy's; his eyes were blue and laughing—but with a spice of mischief in them that redeemed their expression from that of mere good nature. His meeting with his old college friend at Archester was most cordial, and he had not been fire minutes in the break before he had made friends with everybody. His manners had that charm of naturalness which dispenses with the formulas of introduction, and which if they were but general would save years of human life now wasted in the conventional waddle that is considered necessary to first acquaintanceship. Before she got home even Lady Arden had acknowledged to herself that Mr. Frederic Mayne was "an acquisition,'' a compliment she generally reserved for persons of title who came to settle in the neighbourhood. Milly was fairly enchanted with him, and would have shown her approbation openly but for the wicked raillery in which George had indulged at breakfast time. The new arrival had said something to interest or amuse every member of the party, not exelusiv&of; little Frankie, to whom he told a dreadful ghost story, of how he was visited by a short but expansive being all in white. " And what do you think it was?" he enquired, after the thrilling narrative. " Well, I dare say it was only a nightmare," said Frankie, made sceptical by the other's laughing eye. " A very good shot, my boy. It was not a nightmare, however, but something very like it; it was a clothes-horse." You would never have guessed had you seen the party drive up the avenue, laughing and chatting, that they had a stranger among them. Sir Bobert, as his custom was, stood at the door to welcome the visitor, and on him too, by a few genuine expressions of admiration of the picturesqueneas of the Hall, and its situation, tbe new arrival made a most favourable impression. A desert island—he did not add with Babelais (on account of the ladies} " with some one kicking you behind"—was said to be welcome, observed tbe guest to a storm-tossed mariner like himself, how much more then must be the fairyland of Halcombe." If his eye wandered unconsciously to Milliceat, as if to includes in his admiration the •Ives themselves, Lady Arden forgave it; for the maternal heart is placable towards young gentlemen with five thousand a year. Evelyn's calm cold looks—for he took the pain in them for coldness—surprised him even more than her beauty; be bad a vague impression that she was engaged to his friend, and therefore, perhaps, expected a somewhat warmer Mr. Ferdinand Walcot did not put in an appearance—which was no matter of disappointment. Mayne had heard all about him from Gresham, and not only quite understood that he should meet with no cordial reception from the ruling spirit of the Hall, but was quite prepared to do battle with him, if occasion offered. He was "a warm friend," and though it could not be added with justice " a bitter enemy," he was wont to take up his friends' quarrels with considerable alacrity. Under these circumstances it was rather carious that on the first occasion when Mr. Walcot and Mr. Mayne did meet—which was at the dinner-table that evening—they should find themselves on the same side in a certain argument. . Sir Bobert, for a wonder, had happened to notice the depression of Frank's spirits, and when the ladies had withdrawn, remarked upon it to his. brother-in-law. " I believe you were right in the matter of the lad's going to school, Ferdinand, after all," he said. ** Ha seems to me to want tone." u Frank's nature is peculiar," returned Walcot, who; had as we know, altered his views about Frank's going to school; his case is one, perhaps, in which the mother must be said to be the best judge, and I remember lady Arden took a decided view." " Still a public school, as everybody says, when 4 tone' in a boy seems to be wanting,' pur- «ned 8ir Bobert with hesitation—" Eh, what do jmceay.jfrlMaynef- , ... " Well, Sir, it depends npon whether the school has gat the tone to give him. All I can say is, mine had not, and it was a public one." f Yon hear that, ArcU>n," observed Mr. Waloofj "you and I are only theorising about this matter, as we were both brought op under home influences; but this gentleman speaks from penooal experience." -. " And I am sorry ts say from anything bat a pleasant one," laughed Mr. Mayne. " The public school interest is a very powerful one, and therefore many things are tolerated in it which woald otherwise be scouted, just as happens on a smaller scale in the City," " Bat the public feeling of a public school is good, Mayne," observed Gresham.- "It may be so, or not; it .depends generally npon the character of one or two leading boys, and even upon the traditions they leave behind them." . • - ^ . "The masters, however, are chosen with great care, I understand, and from the cream of - their respective Universities," remarked Sir Bobert. " Well, Sir, the cream goes mainly to anjafc?- the butter for the Professors,"answered Mayne; " the masters, however, are well enough as a general role, though I happened to fall in with a precious bad specimen. When I write my book called * Scoundrels I Have Met,* he wiii occupy a prominent place in ft," " It is not usual to find scoundrels among the scholars who form oar public schoolmasters,'' remarked Mr. Walcot, with a glance at hi.- brotht-r-iu-law. " Of course not; if it wete so very common I would cot trouble you with the details, but as it is they are curious. The man's name I have in my mind was Horner. He had his particular 'favourites' among the boys, and, what was worse, his particular ' aversions." He used to tamper with the marks in the class-book—just as the villain in ' Never Too Late to Mend." altered the figures in the cranks. I remember a sharp, bright-eyed little fellow of the name of Archer (very 'like your stepson Frank, Sir Eobert, which, perhaps, reminded me of the occurrence) being persecuted by this man in the most wicked manner. He told lie after lie to get him flogged, and used the Head Master, who was a great stickler for discipline and authority, as a catspaw to carry out his baseness generally. The boy's character was utterly warped by him. The harm that scoundrel had it in his power to do was incalculable, and he did his werst." "I suppose he was not very fond of you," suggested Mr. Walcot, drily. " Perhaps not; but he never tried his tricks on me; his mind though malevolent was judicious, t should probably have blown him up with gunpowder. As it was it was lucky for him I had no quarrel with him on my own account. I remember meeting him in a London street after I had joined the navy, and feeling the greatest inclination to pitch into him for his vile treatment of poor Archer; but be had his cheek muffled in a handkerchief and looked so seedy that I let him alone. ' Ah, Mr. Mayne,' he said, pretending to be pleased to see me, 'How are you?' Then thinking I was going to enquire after his health (which I wasn't), he continued, ' I'm unfortunately just going to the dtntists.'" « • Tm glad to bear it," said I, " and I hope it will be a double one.'" Gresham burst out laughing, and even Sir Robert smiled; but it was in a very grave voice that Mr. Walcot observed, " Such conduct in a very young man was, perhaps, excusable, but you irill surely not now contend, Mr. Mayne, that it was right or kind." " My dear Sir," answered Mayne, " I do not 'ccntend* about the matter; few actions of mine have given me more entire satisfaction than that retort. He understood by it at once all that I had in my mind. If people were always ' kind' as you term it to the cruel and unjust, those persons would have it all their own way, and would never mend. It is oar CLristian duty to mend them." " That is a new reading of the New Testament, indeed," observed Mr. Walcot. Still, my dear Ferdinand," observed Sir Bobert, "it must be remembered that Mr. Klayne was not avenging his own wrongs in «pressing that somewhat ill-natured wish." " That is true; he has indicated, however, y hat he would have done to Mr. Horner, if he ' ad given him annoyance; he would have blown l.im up with gunpowder." Logically Mr. Walcot had clearly the best of it; but other elements beside logic go to form social opinion; and this observation, apparently so conclusive of Mr. Mayne's revengeful and truculent disposition, was received with a shout of laughter, in which the accused person joined as heartily as the rest. Almost for the first time that well- tempered and incisive weapon, Mr. Ferdinand Walcot's tongue, had failed him. So far from being shocked at Mr. Frederick Mayne's opinions, it was clear that Sir Robert was rather pleased with him than otherwise. His hatred of tyranny and sympathy with t ie oppressed, though manifested only Jin a echo ilboy, had struck an answering chord within hi n. CHAPTEE XIX. IK THE ARBOUR. Reader, do you know what it is to live in th - country all the live-long year? If not, ne.'e jeer at your country cousins, for you know not what tiiey suffer. You go to the Lakes, perhaps, in the summer, or to the seaside in the autumu, and when winter comes you return to London and live snug. Yoa have no conception, perhaps, except from pictures (which always f-ill short of the reality), of the melancholy events that take place in agricultural localities after what is called the fall of the leaf. In the first place, the arrangements for lighting are very imperfect, so that you can only see your way about for a few hours; and in those, if you have no passion for destroying life with dog or gun, there is very little to be done. The great object of the simple folks one meets seems to be to keep themselves warm; and when they can do it, which is not often, they are very pleased We are quite in a glow," they say. This reminds one ef a very early age of civilization, when "Ha, ha! I have seen the fire; I am warm," would be uttered in a voice of triumph. In the country, in the winter time, It is alioays wet under foot, either with damp or with snow, and it is generally wet over head. " We are quite dry," exclaim the inhabitants in the winter, when they are fortunate enough to return so from their melancholy walks. It was not winter yet at Halcombe, but the state of things I have described was beginning. At 4 p.m. everybody was at home who could yet home, and darkness reigned for the next sixteen hours. Under such circumstances even moderately agreeable guests in a country house are invaluable. "Country hospitality" in winter is proverbial, and no wonder. You may therefore imagine what a godsend was Mr. Frederic Mayne, who had a smile, or a story, or a sea song for every one, just as they pleased. His spirits were inexhaustible, and were applied judiciously; milk (with a dash of rum in it) for babes, and milk punch (not too strong, but stiffish) for the grown males. He took Frankie nnder his special protection, perhaps because he reminded him of young Archer. "You mope," he said. "You do not enjoy life as it is your duty to do. What's the mutter ?" The tears were very near Frank's eyes; bat he only said " Nothing," with a look over his shoulder which was net lost upon his interlocutor. " Somebody has bullied this child," thought he to himself. " It must be" (I am sorry to repeat such a word, but it was not uttered aloud, remember), "it must be that brute Walcot." Mr. Mayne was apt to jump to conclusions, and occasionally, as must needs happen, found firm ground. "My dear Frank, you want bracing; you never seem to me to be doing anything." "What can a boy do said Frankie, despairinsly. " Well, that depends. I knew a boy—or, at least, I knew his son afterwards—who did this pretty thing. He was a poor boy, who worked on a pilot boat at Bambridge during our war with France. She was off the coast on the lookout for ships, when a French lugger privateer hove in sight, with twelve oars on each side. That was not the sort of ship the pilot boat was on Hie look-out for, and her crew got into their coble to row to land, bat the boy James Wallis —a name it is worth while for any boy to remember—declined to go; be said he would ' take his chance,' only he gave them his watch and lbs few shillings he had to "take to his brother. The Frenchman came np, lowered his main topsail and lag sails, and tried to grapple, but the bay put the helm down, and went about, though they fired at him with their small arms pretty handsomely. This little game compelled the Frenchman to make sail and tack, but Wallis—being very clever at it—tacked and weathered him. He was fired at continually at thirty yards' distance, but yet he contrived to . repeat the manoeuvre eighteen timet, when a fresh breeze sprang up, and be showed 'them a clean. pair of heels, and got safe to.Bambridge. That's what a boy can do, my lad." ' Frank's cheeks were crimson with excitement, and his eyes glistened with pleasure. " I wish I had been that boy, Mr. Mayne." " Quite right; so do I. He was as big a man as the other,. Wallace,, though he was but sixteen. Well, we can all do aoinethitlg; only we mus* never be afraid ; and- we never need be so unless we have done something to be ashamed of." " ! "Ah!" said Frankie,. with a sigh that was almost a groan. " Hallo! What have yoa done to be ashamed of?" On, nothing—at least ——" and driven into a corner the child told his new frfend; not about his little "attempted murder" case, but about meeting the giant. " Everybody thinks I have told a lie about it, Mr. Mayne, and yet it was all true.- • •; •; " Very good. I have seen, several giants myself, though never one with six legs. When w id it happen ?" And Frankie told him the exact date. Later in the day Mr. Mayne had a little private talk with' lAdy Arden; as it wasprivate it cannot be repeated; indeed the rapturous manner in which her ladyship- took %is hand when it was over, could, fardly be dwelt upon by a sober-writer who has always the proprieties in bis mind's eye. ' - . " You have a kind heart,. Mr. Mayne," - were the words with which that interview ended; ** and I am deeply obliged to you." fcveljn Nicoll was a puzzle to Mr. Mayne. All women were so, more or less; ha did not pretend to understand a sex which says " No," when it means " Yes," and can shed tears by a mere effort of the wilL What was unknown to him, however, this modest young fellow always respected, and when in addition we take ioto account the claim to courtesy and honour that women have on every chivalrous nature, it may be imagined wnat a fool they have made of filr. Frederick Mayne in his time. If he found a young person faithless—and it required the strongest evidence to convince him th*fc«uch a thing-couU.be—he sighed and bade her adieu by no means in anger, and at once transferred his allegiance and credulity elsewhere. He had aiwayp some divinity in earthly shape whom he worshipped till he found out that her leet were of clay; but his last ideal had just gone off (in honourable marriage be it understood. though a wholly .unworthy person) with a French Marquis, and for the moment Mr. Mays e was without a beloved object. It had struck him at first sight that if Evelyn Nicoll had not been bespoken by his friend she would have been the very one to be his own heart's queen ; and though honour erased the thought as soon as foimed, his devotion, in Platonic shape, remained. It grieved him to see one so young and beautiful so silent and depressed. And, like a doctor who loves bis calling for its own sake, despising fees and even "the etiquette of the profession," which at least requires one to be called in, he sought about for the cause of her calamity, in hojpes to cure it. The result of his investigations, which were carried on without subtlety, though with infinite precaution, was most deplorable. He was from his marine habits an early riser —for folks at sea, though there is nothing what-' ever to do npon it, rise with the albatross, or or other bird that answers to the matutinal lark on land—and let as hope are as happy as the days are long. He got np at Halcombe before the housemaids, and was wont to unfasten the front door with his own hands, and wander, about the solitary grounds like a ghost who had broken his leave of absence and despised tbe gammons of cock-crow. There was a curlew with one clspped wing in the garden whose friendship he cultivated extremely; and, after some conversation with him, he woald climb the windy down and listen to the battle of the waves on the sea-shore. Then he would come back at an hoar that, was still early, and, if possible, administer " cold pig," or some other irritant, to his friend Gresham, to persuade him to get np and be in time for breakfast. He was returning from the shore one morning, when the young lady we have spoken of, who had risen half out of her grave, attracted 1 is attention in the churchyard; and he stopped a moment, as he well might, to admire the simplicity of her demeanour. As he did so, certain sounds came to his ear, brought by the wind over the high wall, on the other side of which was the garden terrace; it was a conversation between two persons whose voices, though one of them was familiar enough to him, he did not recognise, the reason of which was that the language the speaker used was German, a tongue 'with which he himself was tolerably acquainted, thanks to repeated visits to the Continent. " No, I am not happy, dear," were the first words that reached his eer; " bat the reason is not what jou ascribe it to. I am quite content to waft for you; if I should win you after oil, I should think myself well repaid for waiting. Eat I do not like this life of duplicity. Ev ry kindness of Lady Arden's cuts me to the teart," "Tut—tut. If one must hold a candle to ihe devil sometimes, how much more necessary it is in our case to keep him in the dark. My enemy—our enemy—suspects us as it is; and as for Evelyn, yoa know as well as I do " Here Mayne, who felt that he had heard more than enough, gave a loud hem, and there was a scuttling of feet, as if he had started fifty rabbits on dry leaves. Then very slowly, to give time for the couple to escape, and also because t is thoughts were grave and serious—he moved 'owards the door in the wall and opened it. The terrace was deserted, as he had foreseen,' and showed no trace of its recent tenants; but ho had little doubt that they had been George Gresham and Miss Hurt. As to the former, indeed, he was quite sure, as soon as he heard the word "Evelyn" fall from his lips, and why should they have conversed in German had Gkesham's companion been any other than the | Gtrman governess? It was a great blow to Mayne, for he had a particular ditlike to underband tricks and ways, and he had hitherto imagined his friend to be equally frank; yet here he was making love to another woman under the very roof of his intended bride! It was no wonder that poor Evelyn was so quiet and silent; her woman's instinct had no doubt warned her that she had lost her lover's allegiance, though she might little suspect with whom he had played the traitor. For there was one thing, quite independent of the few pissages, of conversation that had met his ear, which convinced Mayne that the matter was serious; that his friend was not merely amusing himseif with a little flirtation, which, however reprehensible, might be condoned or pardoned. And this was the early hour of the morning. Mayne was quite sure from what he knew of Gresham that nothing short of the most serious eLtanglement of the affections could have persuaded his friend to get np so long before bre ikf»8t time. One half of the terrace—the more remote one from the Hall—was bordered by a tall hedge of yew; the other was open to the view, and terminated in an arbour, walled with fircones, the favourite resort just now of the unhappy Frauk, who preferred sitting there alone with a " story be ok" to running the risk of meeting his late antagonist, Jem Groad. It was obvious that the interview of the two young people had taken place in the hidden part of the terrace, and that they had " gone off B. c." (bat without the necessity of a stage direction)—that is to say, by the way that led to the stables, in order to scape observation. It was therefore without he least suspicion that he coald be Intruding 1 n any one's privacy that Frederic Mayne took his way to the arbour in order to sit down there over a pipe to meditate upon what course of action he should pursue in the circumstances which had been thus brought under his notice. From one point of view, of course, it was not his business; but, on the other hand, he felt stiongly tempted to give his friend a " piece of his mind," not so much perhaps as regarded his little indiscretion with the governess as his infidelity to Evelyn. He thought that young lady's case excessively hard. As 1M passed by the half-closed door he heard —well, it was not a sneeze such as men sneeze; a violent ebullition of frenzied sound, which shakes the sneezer all aboat him—but a delicate tishaw; a very duodecimo of a sneeze, and even that cut short as it were by a certain sharp compulsion. It was to the observing ear the sneeze of a lady who was extremely anxious not to sneeze. Perhaps it was the pungency of the fircones, perhaps it was the misty atmosphere that hangs aboat all arbours; bat whatever it was she couldn't help it. Any other soand coming from any arbour at that hour—for no one patronises these retreats till the sun has rendered them attractive—Mayne would have put down to beast or bird; bat s sneeze, and especially a tishaw (which only an Italiui greyhound can imitate, and there were none each atHoIcombe) is eminently human. Some people in Mayne's position would have passed on, and pretended not to hear it; bat we venture to think very few people. - There are doubtless some Sir Peter Teazles in the world who would have resisted the temptation to see what the pretty milHwar was like who was behind the screen; but, as the song •eys, " That's not yoa nor me." The majority even af male mortals have some cariosity, and in Mayne's case was it not his duty, if Miss Elise Bart had taken refuge in that arbour to address to her a few words of remonstrance respecting her "goings on" with Mr. George Gresham Perhaps she did not quite understand that be was an ehgsged man. At all events he felt be stitrt know who the lady was.. He was quite ceitain Out he'was not introdiog upon a loving pair—unless, indeed, there were two pairs of turtle dove* on the terrace that morning, which ms unlikely, becauw ho had heard the «aal« ^ take flight in fte opposite direction; indeed te bad thought both bad gone that-way: but it n w seemed that he wte mistaken; one had fled towards the stable*, the other into the arbour. As there was no egress from the latter place except; on to the gravel walk before MmThefelt secure of the fugitive,' and actually stopped to light his pipe. Under the veil oT tobacco fca could enter the arbour without; suggesting to tbe fair being within that he bad heard that "TiBhaw he bad tome smoke; ajuTbottling (he had made up his mind) irasinorejUkely to Astonish him than to find Miss Slide Harst there. As he poshed open the half -eloped door, be heard 80methingreti^tingbef<Hthimwith a sweeping sound, never yet mads by Then a pair of blade eyes flashed upon him in the semi-darkhess, and a gentle voice ih accents of alarm enquired,Who is it?" ! " r " It is I. Madam, Frederic Mayne." If his accents were not iihose 'of alarm, they were pregnant with surprise; he^ had.meant to imitate "astonishment atr the dlscovery of the German governess, but he was veiy gendinky astonished at discovering another young pexson altogether. She bad a diminutive put very graceful shape, a face of considerable beauty and fall of expression—justnow it wore the' timidity of bashful terror,, and a voice, as we bave hinted, exquisitely tender. There was a strange contrast, moreover, between the colour of her eyes, and of her hair, the former being blade as jet, and. the latter a light brown, which marred her beauty and produced an almost grotesque effect, and then she wore a dress of some bright green material exacerbated by cherry-coloured trimmings. It was not Cinderella in her kitchen drees, but Cinderella in her Sunday beat, when her cousin the Life Guardsman came to court her. No lady, however poor, could willingly " have put on such an attire. "Iam vecy sony,*'said she; flam afraid I bave no business here. You won't say that you found me here, will yoa, Sir f" u Well, really—no, of course I won't-, if you don't wish it. Bat who, are yoa ?" "I am ths young ladies* maid. Sir, and thinking no one belonging to tbe family would be aboat so early, I thought I woold have a walk in the garden. Andfindiug this bootifal arbour, I just sat down in it." " But it strikes me as very damp and cold," remonstrated Mr. Mayne. " Yes, Sir, bat then I doat on arbours. To have tea in an arbour; oh, Lor! " This was not an exclamation of delight; it was one of horror, which immediately communicated itself to Mr. Frederic Mayne, for it was caused by the sound of approaching footsteps. To be fonnd in the arbour with the young ladies' maid of the house where one is staying is a position from which the mind of man— even the mens ecmtcia recti— Shudders to contemplate. In one stride Mr. Mayne gained the gravel walk, and in his next, which be took mechanically, he almost fell into the arms of Mr. Ferdinand Walcot. 