: . ....HOME AND FOREIGN. lEELAND. FATHEE T. N. BUEKE ON THE MISSIONS OP THE CATHOLIC CHUECII. On tlic evening of Nov. 21st, the Very Itev. T. N. Burke delivered a lecture in the Church of St. Francis Xavier, Upper Gar diner street, Dublin, on ' The Mission of the Catholic Church.' The church was crowded, and the proceeds of the lecture are to assist Father Depelchin, S.J., to under take the great missions in Central. Africa confided to him by his Holiness, Pope Leo XIII. Father Burke said lie need not; remind them that among the evils that followed from the sin of our first parents one of the greatest was the loss of Divine light— the loss of the knowledge of God, the loss of that magnificent, not inspired, but communi cated, knowledge with which Almighty God in His first creation endowed His new coun try, so that the tin fallen man had a large and comprehensive knowledge not only of the law of nature and ol: the world around him, but a far higher and more intuitive knowledge of God. The duties to that God — man's eternal destiny and the manner in which ihat destiny was to be real ized by him -all this knowledge our first parents had: and amongst the many forms of grace which were to be transmitted by them to their posterity, if only they re main faithful to God, perhaps the highest of nil was the grace of the gift of Divine knowledge. But when Adam sinned, and his sin went down on the stream of genera tions until to all those that were born of his seed, thai sin brought with it not only the loss of the many great gifts ol' God, but the „,„«!? ~\n« n\' Divinelv revealed knowledge. Slowly, yet with fatal certainty, that know ledge died away from amongst the sons of ?men. Darkness became deeper and deeper amongst men. until at length it lapsed into a blackness of absolute idolatry, and minds that were created for God were left without the light. There was no truth, no knowledge of God, left in the land; and if that were the case with the chosen people of God, let them picture to themselves how terrible the dark ness, how black the night of. ignorance and idolatry, wmen rcu over ine xe.vs lavumtu races of mankind. Thus when our Saviour ?came in the fulness of time He found the Avholc earth in darkness and in the shadow of death. There was no ray of light, --no spiritual light at all, -and scarcely any intellectual light able to penetrate that thick cloud that hung over the intellect of men. But the Saviour came in the fulness of time ; the clouds of Heaven dropped down the holy dew of redemption ; that Divine knowledge was restored to man in the form of revealed truth, which is the subject matter of faith. The Holy Ghost tells us that without it it is impossible to please God — that without it it is impossible to live that higher and purer life ? tJiut it is the fountain of all jurisdiction and salvation. And therefore the Saviour commanded Hi* apostles and disciples that they should spread that faith from end to end of the earth, that they might make it the 'burden of their leaching, and make that teaching the very substance and occupation of their lives— that they might spread that faith over the whole earth as the husband man scatters the seed over the whole of the ploughed field prepared for it. Behold, then, the first Catholic mission. The first mission ary was the Son of Gknl, who brought the mission from Heaven — the mission of grace and salavation ; and the first missionaries that took His Word were the Apostles them selves. The Catholic missionary of to-day was doing what the Son of God did on the mnrnitnin ciilo in .Fiifip:!. or nn (he bosom of Genazereth's lake ; the Catholic, missionary of to-day was sent following in the footsteps of the twelve who went all over the world, beyond far-reaching limits of the Eoman Empire, penetrated into lands hitherto un known, spoke and preached in languages that never before fell ou the ear of civilised man, and brought nations whose very exist ence was unknown into the saving light - of Jesus Christ. And it was a remarkable fact +.lint. +1i p. Catholic missionary, from the Apos tles' time down to the present had a two fold oliice to fulfil. He had to force the_ Gos pel upon unwilling ears and on unwilling hearts — he had to preach that Gospel_ with every form of art and eloquence. This was only the beginning of his last task. God demanded another, and it was this — that He should water the plant His hand had planted by shedding upon it His heart's blood. And so when they came to consider the Catholic missionary thejr found that lie must be a man not only of word but of deed — ready for every privation, prompt to make CATery sacri fice, leaving far behind him every comfort, all the conveniences that sweeten civilized life, — leading a life of poverty, hunger, and hardship, and ready to close his life for the truth he has taught. It was through agencies like these that the Gospel was spread throughout the nations and amongst the races. The history of their glorious Church ?was filled in a large measure in its early annals with such names as Cyprian, St. Augustine, Clemen tj Anthony of Thebes. A glorious future seemed before the people of. Africa, when suddenly Egypt and all the northern civilized provinces were overrun by the Moslem, sword in hand, — the Moslem who everywhere, whether in the fair region of: European Turkey, whether in the smiling plains of Asia Minor or the fertile provinces of Northern Africa, was true to the instincts of his horrible religion, and everything that made life dear or valuable to man perished wherever the hoofs of his horse trod. From the 7th to the 15th century the whole of the interior and South of Africa remained in the black ignorance and darkness of Paganism, and under the most fearful form of supersti tion that idolatry ever adopted. In the loth century Vasqucs di Gama discovered the Capo, of Good Hope, and opened up the great const line running east and west of the mighty continent of Africa, so that it was no longer necessary to penetrate through the north. In the wake of the Portuguese and Spanish mariners came the great crowd of Christian missionaries. Franciscans and Dominicans, as of old, established themselves along the north-west and east coast — the Island of Madagascar was evange lised by the Dominicans, the Franciscans on this western side had taken possession of Angola ; — but an auxiliary came more powerful than ever the strongest voice that ever announced the Word of God, the grandest heart that ever shed its blood for God — the voice and heart of Ignatius of Loyola, resounded for the first time upon the African shore. Joining hands with the Franciscans and Dominicans, the Jesuits evangelised both, the eastern and western coasts of A.frica. li'52J-, a hundred and fifty years before Bruce made what was considered his famous discovery of the source of the .Blue Nile, in 1024 a Jesuit Father, Pays, stood upon that spot and described it. A f,r;i.v(-llcv nf nnr own dav. Livingstone, one of the greatest explorers, thought he had made a great discovery when he came upon Lake Nyassa, when suddenly he came upon the ruins of what turned out to have been a Jesuit church, the Jesuits were there 200 3fears before him. They had penetrated further than M ungo Park, Bruce, or Livingstone ; they had no object but to preach the Word, and die for it. Well and freely did they shed their blood. In 15t-2 a Jesuit Father, De Silvierra, shed his blood in Central Africa for the Church, and thirty years after a Dominican father, De Eosario, 'was slaughtered by the Kaflirs. The Portuguese, who had established their colonies on' the coast, made discoveries in the Indies and in Brazil, and began to withdraw their forces and people from Africa, and the mission began to fade and die* away. Yet would those missions have remained -—Dom- inic. Francis, and Ignatius demanded, no pro tection or help from King or Kaiser -but that in the yonv 1 755 a short-sighted states man, Pembal, of detested memory, was Prime Minister of Portugal, and the only re markable fact connected with his reprobate life was when he suppressed the Jesuits throughout the whole of the Portuguese king dom and colonies. The Jesuits now had to I shed their blood at the hands of the Portu guese Catholics and Dutch Protestants who look possession of the Cape of Good Hope. The -Jesuits expired as an order in Portugal, and with them died for ever the glory of that ancient Catholic kingdom. Far away in South America, on the plains of Paraguay, those glorious missionaries had introduced not only the Catholic Gospel, but they had also reared these simple children of the wilder ness into nations of saints — they had intro duced every useful science and art — when sud denly the fatal decree came. The Fathers were torn from the weeping Indian congre gations, and in a few years after that dread ful, unjust act of oppression this once pros perous kingdom of Paraguay had lapsed into its -nrimn.l s-i,va.m'! state : while the neirlect of ;he Catholic; Powers and the active opposi- i lion of the Dutch, the wars in Europe, and, above all, the suppression of the Jesuits, all produced not only decay, but almost a total extinction of those once flourishing missions on the east and west coasts of Africa. After some years, in the last century mainly, the English established colonies in South Africa, with all their antagonism to Catholicity ; yet, in justice to them, we must admit that they allowed a large liberty, almost completely untrammelled, to the efforts of Catholic missionaries in their outlying colonies amidst savage nations. An' opening was made once more by Catholic missionaries ; once more the sons of Ignatius, now risen from the grave in his glorious resurrection, once more these restored Jesuits invaded Africa, the vanguard of the army of God. Within the last thirty years twelve apostolic vicariates had been formed around the coast ; the ad venturous travellers had crossed the land from end to end ; thej' had discovered to their amazement that vast territories, supposed to be nothing but waste, sandy deserts, were a ?fair and beautiful country, well watered, sweet in climate, and thickly inhabited by the dusky races of the south. Livingstone and Stanley had borne their testimony, and now the great Catholic Church, which 'was a missionary from the begining, awakened to the tremendous fact that a mighty continent of a hundred million of men, all of whom God had given into her hands, lay before her, that their voices were crying out for the light, and she aloue, the might}7' mother ox all the nations, was destined to go into the midst of them to give them light, and life, and grace, through the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Accordingly, we found her various orders girding themselves for the contest. To this band Oi: Jesuit missionaries who were about to depart from the shores of Europe the Church had assigned a territory alto gether centra], extending from the 10th de gree of latitude south of the equator down to the 23rd degree — four times as large as Franco. The moment they crossed the river Limpopo that moment every man must carry to cast it clown at the hands of the his life in his hand and be prepared first savage who met him. But the angel of God will go before them, power most high will be with them, the Word of Christ will be on their lips, their passport into the heart of those savage people. It was to aid in this great work that they were called uj^on, first as Catholics, secondly as men, and thirdly as Irishmen. This great continent seemed about to be opened up, mighty resources hitherto unknown and neglected would now be developed, and riches untold would be poured forth upon the civil ized world ; but whilst this process of development would be going on perhaps some of the proudest nations of civilized Europe would be brought low. Who, there fore, could tell that those Jesuit missionaries might be to the great continent of Africa what the apostles were to the world, what Patrick was to Ireland and Augustine to it l i ii _ ? _t_ j_ 'l_ .. j.l. . l*.. j_1 . ? . . [' Juiglauu— -uiey mignt oe tne tatners oi a mighty future Catholic people. And if that glorious consummation, so likely to come, ever came to pass, great would be their reward, great would be their glory in Heaveu, in that in the day when all these things lay in the womb of the future their zeal for their fallow-creatures, their love for the poor dark children of the desert, their commiseration for those who were in the shadow of death, helped these missionaries to draw them forth, and to create a great, powerful, and Christian nation in that vast continent, whichlay hidden and dead for so many years, and add another gem to the many that shine on the brows of our native Ireland. 