A LEGEND OF ;;bt;-b*w:JHa?ts.-' I Camlft Domestic DUUokary. '' I '?ASov*'the'bones' . St. Ursula owns; And thoea of the rirfrins ?he chaperonti ; Above tho boats. And the bridgo that floats. And'tho'Rhino and tho steamer's smoky tbroats; ? Above the chimnoye and tiled: roofu, Aboro tho clattor of wheals and hoofs; Above Newmarket's open space. Above that conecrated place ;. Whoro the genuine) bones of the Magi seen art), 'And the dozen ebope of the'real Farina', Higher than eVon old JZohtttrastt, , .Whoso houses threaten the timid pas ser ; Above them all. Through scaffolds tall ? , ? And spirce like delicate limbs in splinters, The great Cologno's Cathedral stones' - , ' - Climb through tho storms of .eight hundred winters. . i i Unfinished there, ' " In high mid air I The towers halt like a brokon prayer ?; ?Through years behited, Tjneousummated,* TliO hope of its architect-quite frus trated. Its vory youth- , They say; forsooth. With a quito improper purpose mated; And .every, atono "' ' Wjth-a cu'bo of ita own Instead of that sermon Shakspeare' statod, Since, tho day its.ohoir,-' AVTiich all admire, . , i By Cologno's Archbishop woe conaeoratod. Ah ! that wits a day, ' One, well might, say. To be marked with- tho largest, whitest stone ' To bo found in tho towors of all Cologno 1 Along the Rhino, . ' ? ' From' old Rhoinstoin,' Tho pooplo flowed like their own good wino." From Rudoshoim, And Geisonhelra, ' And evory spot that ia known to rhyme; From tho famed Oat's Castlo of St. Gears lmueoru, ' To the pioturod roofs of Assinannshausen ; ' And down tho track, From quaint Schwalbach' To the clustering tiles of Baoharach ; Prom'Binpon, hence To old Coblont!! : From ovory castellated crag, Whoro tho robbor chieftains' kept, their "swng," The folk flotrod in, and Obor-cossol Shono with'tho pomp of knight and vassal; And pouring in from near and far, 1 As tho Rhino to its bosom draws the Ahr, Or takcH tho arm of tho Bobor Mosol, i So in Oologn'o, knight, squiro, ondlosel, Choked up the city's gates with men From old Ht. Stephen, to Hint Afilrjeu. What; had they coino to see ? Ah mc! I fear no glitter of pagoantry. Nor sacrud zeal For Church's weal, , Kor faith in tho virgins' bones to heal; Nor childlike trust in frank confession 1 Drew theso, who, dyed in doop trana i grousion,' Still in each nest On every Crest ' Kept stolen goods in their possession; ' But only thoir gotit For something now, Jloro rare than tho " of a wandering , Jew ; bo oxaot, To sea—in fact—- A Christian boul, in the vory act Of being dnranod, secundum artem, By tho aovil boforo a soul could patt 'em. ' For a rumour had flown Throughout Cologne, That tho Church, in foot, was tho devil's own ; That its architect (Being loni?.'.' suspect,") Hud confessed to tho bishop that ho had wrockt Not only his own soul, hut had lost The very first Christian soul that crossed The sacrod threshold ; and all, in fine, For that vory beautiful design Of tho wondorful choir They wero pleasod to admire. And really, ho must be allowed to say- To speak iv a puroly business way— That, taking the ruling market prioos Of souls and churches, in suoh a crisis It would bo shown— And his Grace must own— It was really a bargain for Cologne! Such was tho tale That turned cheoks pale AVith tho thought that tho onoray might provuil, And the ohuroh doors snap * AVith a thunder-clap On a Christian soul in that dovil's trap. Biit a wiser fow, ' Who thought that they knew Cologno's Archbishop, replied, "Pooh, pooh! Just watoh him and wait, And ac sure as fato You'll find that the Bishop will give ' oheefc mato.' " Ono hero might noto How tho popular voto, As shown in all logends aud anecdote, Doolarca that a brooch Of trust to o'erro?oh Tho devil is somothinir quito proper for eaoh ; ' Arid ronlly, if you Glvo tho devil his duo, In spite of the proverb—it's something you'll rue. But to Ho and deceive him, To use and to leave him, From Job up to Faust is tho way to receive him. Though no ono has hoard It over averred That the " Father of Lies" ever yoj broke \- Aii word, But has left this position, In ovory tradition, To bo tnkon alone by the " Truth lovina" Christian! I Bom ! from the tower ! It is the hour 1 Tho host pours in in its pomp and power Of banners and pyx, ..--,.. ! . And high oruoifix, : And crosiers and other prooessional sticks, ' ?„" ' : :. And no end of Afarys - In quaint reliqnnriee, ' : To gladdou the souls of all true antiquaries; And an Oieiilum Pacit — (A myth to tho masses Who trusted their bones more to mail and I cuirasses), AH borne by the throng Who are marching along To tho square of tho Com with prooessional song, AVith tho flaring of dips, And bending of hips, And the chanting of hundred perfunctory lips;' And Homo good little boys Who had oomo up from Noum And tho Quirintukircht to show off Iheir voice; All march to tho square Of tho great Dom, and there File right and loft, leaving alone and quite bare A ooverod sodan .Containing—no ran Tho rumour—the victim to take off the , can. They have loft it nlono, ' They havo sprinkled each stone Of tho porch with a sauaUfiod Ettu de Ceiogne, ' Guaranteed in this case To disguise every trace Of a sulphurous presence in that sacred place. Tiro Carmelite* stand ? --> , ? On the rlitht and left hand Of the covered acdau ohair, to wait the oom xnand ? Of the prelate to throw . > Up the over and ahpw The form of tho victim in terror below.' There* α-pauxo and a. prayor - Then the nignal, and there— la a unman ! —by all that ie good and is fair! '"' A woman 1 end known - ?'. l ' >.To tboaiall Oaa.muat own- Too well known to, the many, to-day to bo shown As a. martyr, or e'eu An a Christian '. ' A queon Of pleaaaunce and revel, of glitter and aheen. So bad that the wont Of. Cologne spake np first, And doolared 'twasan outrage to euOor one bunt And already a fief Of the Satanio ohief, To martyr horeolf for the Church's relief. " . But in vain foil their eneor On tho mob, who I fear Qn the whole felt a strong disposition to oheer. '' - A woman ! and there Sho stands in tho glare, ' Of'tho pillions sun and their pitying ataro. ? , A woman etill young, ? AVlth garmonts that clung To a figure, though wasted witli passion, and i ' ' wrong- ' AVith remorse and despair, Yet stlU passing fair, ?With Jewels and gold in her dark shining hair, ' And obeelcK that are faint 'Noath her dyes and her paint— A woman most snroly—but hardly a saint ! She mores.', Sbo has gone ' - From their pity and soorn ; ? ' She has mounted alone Tho first Btep of stone. Aid the high swinging doors she wido open baa thrown. Then pauses and turns ? .Aα tho altar blaze burns On tor 'cheeks, and .with' one sudden gesture site spurns Archbishop and prior, t , 'Knight, ladyo, and friar, And her voice rings out high from tho vault of tho ohoir. " Oh, men of Cologno ! AVhat I teas ye have known, What I am, as I stand hero, One knoweth If it bo but Hie will . I shall pass from' Him still Xiost, curat, and degraded, I reckon no ill If stilt by that sign Of His anger divine One soul shall bo saved-.He hath'blessed more than mino 1 Oh, man of Cologne 1 Stand forth if yo own A faith like to this, oi , moro fit to atone, ' And take ye my. place, And God givb You grace ??-..: To stand and confront Him, like mo, face to face!" Sbo paused. Tot aloof Thoy all stand. No reproof Breaks tho silence that fills the oelestialroof. One instant—no more— Sbo halts at tho door, Then ontors ! . . . ' A flood from tho roof to the floor Fills tho oh'ureh rosy rod. Sbo is gone 1 ' But instead, Who is this loaning forward 'with glorified I hoad And hands strotohod to save r ?? Snro, this is no slave Of tho Powers of Darkness, with aspect so brave f Thoy press to tho door, But too late ! All is o'or ; Nought remains but a woman's form prone t on tho floor. But thoy still Booa trace Of that glow in her face, That thoy saw in tho light of tho altar's high' blozo, On tbo image that stands i "With the Babo in its hands, Enshrined in ,the of all Christian: lands. A Te Deum HUUg, A conser high, swung, AVith pruiso, benediction, and incense wido flung. Proclaim that the curie Is removed —and no worse Iβ tho Dom for tho trial—in fact, tho reverse. For instead of their losing A soul iv abusing ' Tho Evil One's faith, thoygainod ono.of his ohoosing. Thus tho legend is told, You will find in the old Vaulted olblob of the Doin —stiff in marblo-. or cold I In iron and brass, i In gown und cuirass. I The knights, priests, and bishops who came to that Mass. ' ? ' And high o'or the rost, 1 With hor Bubo at hor breast, Tho imago of Mary Madonna—tho bloat. But you look round'in vain; On each high pictured pane, For tho woman most worthy to walk in , her; train. . . ' ? Yet, standing to-day O'er tho dust and tho clay, 'Midtit. tho ghosts of a lifo that has. long, paseod away, ! AVith the slow- sinking sun Looking softly upon That Btninod-glas's procession, I scarce miss tho oho That it docs not roveal, For I know and Tfeol That thoeo nxo biit sliadows—tho woman was real. , — Belgravia. 6k. Wjiddino KiHas.—From very early, ages a peaaliar obarm nppeurs to have been oonneoted with iherinf;. Without beginning or end, it has long been regarded >s an' emblem of eternity,' and also of the strength and perpetuity o( affeotion. The fourth finger of the left hand bu long been oon sldered laered, and henoe ha?, been oonae crated to wear the wedding ring. - The Qreeka itnd Bomsns were so fnlly convinoed of the intrinsio value attsohed to this ? Soger, that' It w?? oklled the medioal. or bea'iog flogor. Their various mediointl preparations were tillrred with it in pUoe. of ? apoon, it being supposed that shoald kny noxious ingredient be ineladod in the enp, warning of the faot would iminediatelybe given by.-a of lh? heart. In nmt remote eonnfry pUo?s in BngUud this supentilion is atill firmly believed in. The other finger* are-thopgbt to possus a certain power. of evil, bnt t a wound or sore stroked by the wedding finger is expected by. them in a nbort time to dis appear; and the wedding ring; itself is by. many snppoaed to have,the Mine tolling efleot. The rings used by the Jews at their marrUge ceremonies were aomelimea very Urge in lize, and elaborate in design; the Jewish Uw demanded, too, that they should be ol a certain value, ?nu to prove this to be the o?s?, they were -.before the ceremony submitted to an examination. It was a rule, alao that the bridegroom.should purchase the ring out of bia own private resources, and not obtain it eitber on credit or as a gift from a friend; and after the ring- had been plaoed on the bride's finger, the marriage was oonaidered then, as it is now, to be irrevocably binding. Among the fishermen on the weat coaat fo Ireland the wedding ring is kept oa an boirloom in the family, and ,1a oonaidered aa the properry of the eldest tauiied daughter. oon?equently many of the wedding rirnta .till worn by the flab wivea in tbkt diatriot are quito old and of exceedingly ancient design, being mana- Uolaied aa t&r; back aa the Eizabotban era. In the aixteenth oentury, both mairiage and betroibal rings were made with a motto or posy inscribed inside, and to these Shake peat*, in two or three 01, hla pl?j?, t?Jer?.—. 