Heroic Turf Legislation. (From the Field, July 19.) Snonï handicapa and two-year-old races are admittedly undermining tho stamina of nur race- horses, and the puny efforts of the Jockey Club to add one furlong to the stature of our two year-old races reiniud us th.it, in the words put by the authors of Rejected Addresses into the mouth of Dr. Johnson's ghost, "a swelling open- ing is too often succeeded by au insignificant conclusion, and that parturient mountains have ere now produced muscipular abortions." It may even bo doubted whether the alteration, for which we are indebted to the Biiporhuman und tardy energy of the Jockey Club, has no in it more of evil than of good. If ' it be impolitic to run a two-year-old over a four-furlong course at Lincoln Spring and at Northampton, will not his powers be subjected to au additional strain when he is asked to trnvel over ftvo furlongs ? More- over, it is not possible to contemplate the dis- appearance of the Chesterfield Stakes at New- market from the Racing Calendar without serious regret, seeing that the race haB been in existence for nearly fifty years, and that it has been won, among others, by such historical animals as Elis, Crucifix, Teddington, Saccharometer, A«UeYe< ment, Formosa, and Cremorne. The only excuse for such early spins as the Brocklesby at Lincoln, the Althorp-park at Northampton, and the Little John Stakes at Nottingham, is that the distance is only four furlongs, and that there are always some small compact animals which are at their best iu the first few months of their racing existence, and could not live when brought into competition with bigger rivals as the year advances. We cannot see that the elongation of the above- mentioned races will make them less fashionable, or be a benefit to the equine babies by which they are won. In fact, the so-called reform of the Jockey Club seems to bo mado on the principle enunicated in the well-known line: " Dut venhini corns, vcxat censura columbas." The " doves," or two year olds, have a harder task than ever imposed upon them, and the " crows," or handicaps - once designated by Admiral Rous "as "the black cloud upon our racing horizon"-aro permitted to escape without a word of censure. The Jockey Club appears to have shut its eyes to the uudeutable fact that the turf-by which wo mean not racing men, but suffering and over- worked horses-is laboriug under wTiat is called, iu the human subject, tho malady of plethora from over-feeding. Every sporting writer tells us that, judged by the multiplicity of race meet iugs, the turf never was bo prosperous ; that more than £200,000 in added money were given away in 1873 ; that the entries for some few great weigh-for-ago races show a Bteady advance ; and that Blich prices have lately been given for ¡superior horses as would astonish the last genera- tion of racing men. It seems to be forgotten that, thanks to the increase of population, and to the vnst augmentation and wider diffusion of money, every other public amusomeut shows similar indications of prosperity. There are, for instance, about forty thuuties at this moment in London, where half that number sufficed when Her Majesty ascended tho throne. Never wore packs of foxhounds so numerous,' and fields of horsemen, generally mounted on superb horses, assemble at the meets in ever-growing swarms. The Oxford and Cambridge boat race haB been elevated iuto an annual festival, and the great .cricket matches of the year invite such throngs of spectators that the bursting grounds at Lord's and the Oval are unable to contain them. Now, there is nothing to be said in deprecation of the 'popularity attained by great actors and actresses, by. famous packs of foxhounds, or by such ' cricketorê'as tho Graces and the Ly tteltous. But the popularity of the turf, as attested by the inordinate multiplication of races, involves issues fraught with mischief to that noble animal the thoroughbred. Upon ovory side of us there aro growing up gate-money meetings, to the very existence of which it is necessary that they should be able to attract a vast concourse of visitors. This can only bo done by creating au endless succession of races, contested by big fields, which provoke speculation, and necessitate the condition that the selected courses should vary between half a mile and six furlongs in length. It has been repeatedly suggested that the Jockey Club would have done infinitely more good if, instead of making a puny alteration in two-year-old courses, they had enacted that no throe year old should bo allowed under any circumstances to run over a courao less than one mile in length. This would indeed be heroic legislation, but wo dare uot flatter ourselves that tho Jockoy Club, at any momont Bince its birth in the reign of George II., would have possesBod virtue and courage enough to pass a law which at present could not fail to kuock half the race meetings in England on the head. Such an out- burst of remonstrance would in this event aBcend from trainers, jockeys, clerks of courses, and from the multitudinous leeches who hang on to the carcass of the turf for a living, that the Jockey Club would become not less unpopular than Sir Joseph Hawley when ho attempted to introduce a far less radical reform. There is but one alteration which it is possible for our turf senators to compass, and the demand for it is becoming so imperative that we do not despnir of seeing it carried without the interven- tion of tho House of Commons, " Too much racing" is the cry which greets us on every side, and tho time seems to bo at hand when, between them, Sandown-park and Kompton-park will have a race meeting every alternate fortnight throughout the racing year. The Jockey Club must interfere to prevent the birth of fresh meetings ; and, furthermore, they must enact that, with the exception of Newmarket, no place be allowed to hold more than a couple of fixtures in the course of tho year. The incessant recur- rence of meetings necessitates those short handi- caps of which the pernicious effects aro incon- testable ; and such is the growing sense of a necessity for stringent legislation in this direction that, failing the Jockey Club, other hands will sooner or later bo found to do ihe work. The crops of wheat, barley, &c;, are just now presenting (says the Warwich Examiner) a beautiful appearance. If the dreaded rust does not make havoc with them, they will be the heaviest that have been harvested in this district for many years. In Beveral places, however, it has made its appearance-only in a minute way certainly, but sufficiently bo to cause serious apprehensions as to future injury, should it spread. From a person who has travelled through the farnrng districts between Too- woomba and Warwick, we leam that the whole country looks beautiful, and that the crops are heavy, healthy, and show a douse growth such as could only be seen in a damp season like that we have passed through. Between Warwick and Upper Swan creek the same may be said, and in the Freestone creek district the crops never looked better. Sandy creek, Darkey Flat, and the country in that district is also presenting a beautiful appearance. The popular idea that universal education is a panacea for all evils is (says the News Letter) an exploded fallacy. Formerly a tolerably good education was of value to its possessor, but now the article has become so diffused, and thereby so cheapened, that it seldom benefits its pos- sessor. It is the old story of "over-production and excessive competition." Your college graduate may starve, while your able mechanic or industrious laborer continues to plod along in the good, old-fashioned way, and seldom lacks a meal or wants for silver in his purse. We have frequently had occasion to note the positive dis- taste of public school graduates for any and all of the mechanical trades, and the apparent reason is that by such occupations they lose caste. Con- sequently, the country is overrun with slipshod clerks, shyster lawyers, and quack doctors. The truth is, we have run this education business into the ground, and are burdened with yearly increasing taxation in order to supply an already overstocked world with supercilious idiots, who are of no use to themselves or to the community. The remedy is plain. Reduce the school appor- tionment, cut off all our pet hobbies, and limit the system to primary and grammar schools. Then we may hope to produce useful men, and to get our money's worth. 