THE LOUNGER. My subject ia goat?, I havo just had forby- nibe cabbage plants, two row» of pea?, and 8veral other vegetable productions of my garden oaten up by a small army of th sse pestilent anima's. And I want to know wiienier oins is a proper state ot thing to ii.ip pen to n man # who loves his garden with an abiding affection. T>iny complaints to the owner of the«e wandering goaty, I receive I In replya qutry ns to whether It would not be better ir 1 looked to tho aecuritv of my garden fence. One old pereon, of NYeleh ori gin, appealed to mo as to whether it wasn't nutund, and, therefore, juetiliable, on tho pa) t of goat-sto eat cabbages and lettuces and spring penp, if the chance should be afforded them. Another threaten me with an aetion because my dog has deprived one of hiB goat? of the beat part of its ltft car. To my retort that I ahould certainly invoke the law against him for letting these lactescent animals wnnier about the streets, he winked in an ironical manner, and said "Try it on." And, indeed, Iaee but little use in trying it on. I asked the advice of an intelligent policeman, and he frankly told me that the game wasn't worth the candle. Now, thib is too bad ; and I really think that when Mr Berry im posed a stock tax, lie ought to have placed a hoavy charge upon goat. They are a heap worae than dogs, and yet we find thcdo last taxed at a rate of five shilling? per head. A goat tax of, say, seven shillings per head per annum should produce no incousidurable revenue, and if, at the same time, a penalty not exceeding L100, nor less than L10, wer » enforced upon owners of goats found wander ing iu the atrcets the public puree would grow fnt rapidly. Seriously, however, these bc.vta are a great nuisance. A lady liv ing in iny neighborhood lately lost a collection of rare plants by the incursion of a predatory ;ba»d of Nannies nnd their off- spring; for your goat eir, is not of fastidious appetite, but will eat all and singular that Cornea bofore it in the way of greenery. I ennfeas that the only digagreaable trait in Ttobinson Crusoe's character, 8ema to me to have been bis partiality for goat?. An eccentric member of the Melbourne Municipal Council, na well known for his con vivial tastes an his peculiar practical joke?, recently "played it Hue," ns the Americans say, upon ' a number of residents here, lie obtained possession of a quantity of official forms of invitation, which he addressed to divers people in good society, asking for the pleasure of their company ot ball, lawn party, pic-nic, and every form and variety of high jink and merrymaking. These invitations purported to come from his Worship the Mayor ; and public opinion held that this worthy per«onnge, who has not been remark able for the number of his entertainments during theperiod he has held office, had de termined to give up the official ghost with mat and festivity. But no such thought had ever occurred to the worthy gentleman. He is not of the kind to care for uylng, Sardana- paluH like, on the pyre of extrava gance, He is a sensible man, and yields to the inevitable with a quiet grace and simple ecooomy which are refreshing after the gorgcoun feosta and routs which marked some previous terms of office. Tho more chagrin and annoyance, therefore, did he feel when be received heaps of notuo of accept ance of his i kind invitation from all the fashionable ahd distinguished persons in the community. 'Suspicion fell upon the real sinner. He was charged with the offence, gaily admitted it, and offered to stand cham pagne " for the crowd" In penalty. And as a learned scholar and doctor of divinity, who was onp of the victims, remarked— it would be absurd to be angry at any- thing done by. Mr Alderman Joker. And so it would. There are some people, you know, who ore held irresponsible, and who can com mit extravagances whioh would bring other people into no end of scrapes. Mr Alderman Joker is one of these. Lucky is he who c m ricto astride a saveloy machine with no further HI to his character than to be dubbed eccentric 5 happy is he who can sot all South Yarra and Toorak, agog with false invitations and escape further censure than the reproba tion of the town clerk, or a grave rebuff from a doctor of divinity. Of audi is this Merry Andrew of our city magnates. A man who was anxious to know why an elephant wears a trunk bothered round one' till ho irritated the quadruped, and then he learned that the reason an elephant wears a trunk is that he may have something to oarry his cholcr In, ; 