GENERAL EXTRACTS. A Cruel Joke.—It is curious and very sad to note (says the writer of " London Town Talk" to tho Argus) wliat a very little will ofton mako tho cop of human misery to overflow. A poor woman has lately committed suicido through a heartless practical joke. Some bruto sent lior n registered letter, unpaid, to obtain which she had to borrow 10d., and on opening it foand only a plain sheet of paper with a farthing in it. She was ill and poor and friendless before, but what seemed to prey most upon her luiud was that cruel deception, and it drove her out of the world. I pity the joker. One Hardworking Parson.—There was a great deal of interest esoited by Wordsworth's description of the good minister in the valley of the Duddon, who considered himself " passing rioh" on much less than £40 a year, and derived even thai scanty income from other sources, Buch as knitting stock ings and keeping his publichouso, beside hig cure. But tho caso of tho Rev. Mr. Walker, it seems, has a present parallel in that of a certain clergyman in the north couutry who has recently addressed the following circular to bis parishioners :—" I feel sorry for the necessity of a letter to vindicate my conduct iu rebuilding tho pariah church, which became so dan gerous that services could no longer be safely conducted under its roof. ; If I j had not taken upon myself the rebuild ing, the burden would have fallen upon the parish. You must all be aware that I have worked as few. clergymen ever yet worked to rebuild the cburcb. I worked as a bookbinder, to get money, for two years ; obtained the subscriptions, writing upwards of 2000 letters; designed the building, acted as clerk of the works and con* tractor, carried all the wood and stone, and worked with tho men employed, and I ought to be allowed to complete the work in peace, aud not be publicly I insulted for the benefit I have con- I ferred upon the parish in building a ] cbnrch, which for elegance is second to none in the locality." The parishion ers of this gentlemen seem to be looking a gift horse in the mouth with a vengeance if they have anything to say against the result of such labours. The name of so energetic and per severing. a divine ought not to be withheld j it is the Rev. Geo. Sanger, vicar of Carlton-in-Cleve\an3. Rat Pie.—Tho Rev. J. G. Wood, of j natural history celebrity, has been lecturing in England (says the Argus j correspondent) on rat pie, and making . the subject so popular that" he receives J a thousand letters a week " on that ex- | citing topic. Of courss bis correspon- I dents want the receipt of the dish, and J ho gives it them. Rat pie is made1 in precisely the same manner as rabbit pie, the only difference being that in the case of rat pie the result is far more delicious. The cook should- be careful to procuro as fine rats as pos sible, cut off their tails, skin, dress, and wash them, then cat thorn iuto four. | pieces, and add a few morsols of pork fat. When cooked and cold the pie is i "full of the most delicious. jelly, fie (Mr. W.) has often-been dining: with,i his friends when they bad tho most exquisite viands on the table untouched, | while every scrap of the rat pie had been devoured." Mr. Wood may be quite" right; but such- is tho -unselfish-, nesB of my disposition that so long as there is cold mutton to bo had I will not encroach upon his favourite dainty, I think it would have been more judi cious if be bad' begun .with a Ibsb sweeping reform, and suggested mice instead of rats. Poetry has .already lentitself :to this idea iu, that famous glee, "They all ran after the farmer's wife, wbo cut off their tails with a 'carving knife." . Why should sho have cut. ofTtheir tails if she- had not - in tended to cook them ? i A Ghost Story.—The writer :of | "Loudon-Town Talk" in the Argus I says :—The Bishop of Gloucester and I Bristol was asked tho other day to adjudicate upon a matter in dispute between a restor in his diocese aud his curate. The latter bad undertaken to occupy an old'manor house in the parish, but bad afterwards deolined to do so, and demanded lodging money instead. His defence was that tho bouse had the reputation of being haunted, and that his nerves were not strong enough for the place. The bishop wont down to investigate the circumstances, and the curate brought two witnesses, one the churchwarden and one a previous cuvate, who testified to tho existence of the ghost, and con vinced the bishop. It is not my habit to discourse upou othei' folks private affairs, and it will suffice to soy that the apparition was tbe famous blue lady of tbe Methnen family. The testi mony of the cot-ate strikes me as peculiar, from its commonplace and anything but supernatural character. "I had lived in tho house for some weeks," he says, "and never, ex perienced any annoyance, though I was well acquainted with the tra dition belonging to it. One morning, in the summer, I had to go by train to London. I bud packed my portmanteau, but wbilo at breakfast remembered that I had omitted some thing. My bedroom was rather dark, so I dragged the portmanteau out into the corridor, which was very well lit, and into which several doors opened. As I knelt down to unstrap my port manteau I became suddenly conscious of a feeling of awe and terror, to which I can give no name, except the cou ! ventional one of supernatural. I knew, though I bad my back to tbem, that some one was coming up the stairs ; there was no footfall, but wlion what waB coming drew quite close I looked up, and saw a woman dressed iu blue. She gazed upou me vacantly, but what I particularly noticed was that she made a little detour to avoid the port manteau ; then sbe walked through an open door into one of the rooms. I was not so frightened but I felt now or never was tho time to solvo tbe mys tery. I therefore followed the figure into the room, which was baro of fur niture and quite empty. Tho window, it was true, was open, but there was a Bheer descent from it of 14ft. orlSIV I have no explanation to offer; I only know that I shall never be tbo same man again." 