S THE BENEVOLENT FRAUD. , Tun thought is apt to strike one as odd, why, if Orangeism is such an immaculate embodiment oil! Christianity as its votaries ? wish us to believe it. to be, they should never be able to succeed in any of their designs without doing their fellow creatures a wrong. The great religious duty — which every Orangeman holds to be dearer than life itself — is to wrong those of his fellow- colonists who arc wicked enough to be Catholics. But we must not be misunderstood. Orangemen are a very tolerant set. of people. It is not as if they were capable of being bigots. Except where a matter of stern principle — such as hating ones fellow creatures out of pure love of God — is involved, they are lambs. But the line must be drawn somewhere. The man who once gets into the seductive habit of shrinking from insulting papists, may end, if he does not take care, in al lowing then! political justice. What logical resting-place is .there';: between letting papists alone, and- allowing them a voice in the application of their own taxes ? It is quitei right that- Papists' should be forced to pay taxes, but it is equally right that. those taxes should be used to further the ends of Orangemen.' Papists may live so long as they pay taxes and are excluded from the manage ment of them — even when they are ap plied, avowedly to their injury, and for a purpose which they conscientiously abhor. It is quite right that the Catholic taxpayers should be forced to subscribe towards the support of the Benevolent Asylum, but it is equally right that their taxes should be applied to bringing Ca tholic children up as Protestants. The last application of these divinely inspired principles is so beautifully simple that it requires only to be stated to be appreciated. 'When the Benevolent In stitution was founded it was decided that the children should be brought up in the religion in which they were born. But a difficulty arose in the case of foundlings, the religion of whose parents was neces sarily unknown. It was deemed de sirable that the poor infant should have some religion, but, as there was no Church 'by law established,' there was no constitutional reason why the child should be baptized into one religion rather than another. In order to solve the difficulty without dealing an injustice to any one, regard was had to the fact that one-third of the population, whose taxes and subscriptions supported the institution, was Catholic. Accepting this equitable basis, it was finally decided that one child in every three should bo baptized and brought up a Catholic, and that the other two should be brought up Protestants. This was fair, and gave satisfaction to all parties. But, un fortunately for the Institution, this arrangement did not suit the political programme of the Orangemen. It was quite right that the Catholics should be taxed towards the maintenance of the poor foundlings, but it was quite wrong that any of those foundlings should be baptised and brought up Catholics. By bunching and other electioneering dodges, which no man understands 'better than an Orangeman, they conspired to swamp the Board. Having at last succeeded in excluding every Catholic and large hearted Protestant from it, they have passed a resolution to the effect that all the foundlings are to be brought up Pro testants. So much was to be expected. But what we wish our readers to consider is Sir. II. Parkes's. conduct in the matter. No one knows the circumstances of the case better than he does. He knows that nearly a third of the cost of the charity is subscribed by Catholic tax payers ; he knows that the Catholic body have been entirely excluded from the management; he knows that the Catholics have a prescriptive right to see a third of the foundlings brought up in their own faith; and yet— Gallio-like — he evinces the most heart less indifference whether an injustice is done to us or not. He does nothing, ? because there is a ' difficulty' in the case. But the difficulty is one which, as the leader of the Government, lie is bound to meet. It may be very danger ous to his political position to have to give an answer one way or the other ; but that danger is the price he pays for his position, and to shirk it is to show that he is weak. The ' question is, whether the public funds are to be applied so as to work an injustice to the tax-payers or not. If he is a strong man, a leader in any sense of the term, there is but one answer that he could give — but what is the answer he has given ? ' It seems strange how anjr rational rule could be laid down to baptise one child into the Church of England and another into the Church of Home.' Very '? strange ' indeed ! and e'specialy as the rescinded 'rule' had worked har moniously for over forty years. There is one thing to be remembered, Sir Henry ? '??„- '-'?? ' ' . ? ; : ?-.'. '?-''$' '.. ? ' '.??' ?'. ? ?'?.-' ?? . ?'???.? ?':..?'.?'? ?'.' :% '!f Parkes did not find it very difficult to make a ' rule ' for the disposal of our taxes in another ' difficult question' — for example, in his proposal to misapply the moneys subscribed by the Irish- Catholic tax-payers, so as to bring out fewer Irish immigrants than they had a constitutional right to. He found no difficulty ^7/ e/i in trying to restrict the Irish immigrants ; why does he find a difficulty now ? Would Sir Henry Parkes have given the same answer if the rule had been altered so as to allow two out of three to be baptized Protestants? But the Catholic voters are in a minority, and as Sir Henry prefers a majority to a minority, an ambiguous answer will do — even when a positive injustice is being perpetrated. The offence may be for given, but our readers Avill have for gotten their faith and their country if it is so. It is true that the Catholic voters have been too forgetful of injuries and insults ; but Sir Henry Parkes has been too often forgiven. It is a dangerous thing for the man who has lived down the Kiama Ghost fraud to become the aider and abettor of a gang of conspira tors, who are bent on sectarian plunder. It is a very easy thing to pass an injus tice over with a string of oily platitudes ; but the injustice remains, and will be re membered at an inconvenient season. 