NEWS AND[?]TES. This day's e[?]:- Two days walking match at the Alfre-hall, Edwards v A[?]ley; St. Leon's circus, Hay-market reserve; meeting re formation of Corn Exchange, George hotel, 11 a.m.; meeting of Lal Lal race stewards, Hager's p.m.: public meeting at Bridge hotel, Bungaree Junction/ re sports, 8 p.m. -Cricket, ■Viotoria~v-BrooMaeM-Qally t Jjrat- elaYenfl,, » Western Oral; Bp-C. second eleven v Press', Eastern lOvrtjLMnninyoiiiguv Sebastopol, Buninyong Oral. ,Yacht avant for tha Qyte Cup, Lake Wen douree, 3.3op i m. i)or ., li , } „,,^ / ,, ~~ ; —We hold over our leaders and saveralletterato-day ; owing to pressure on our space. ' A amnmary telegraph o! the news, 'brought by . the Siam will bafouriditf another part j Several complaints having been made that the ; hoisting of the mail flag at the Town-hall upon the I arrival of the mail-steamer atrj W.A., caused 'the time to too''long'‘Balweeh’ that and the ' delivery of the letters, the City Council has directed 1 that in future the flag ahall npt be', hoisted until the I arrival steamer at'-Adelaide. It seems now that Kenealy: was not the only man who was hurt last week m th’o ro yt which, took place , at aq hotel near Ayarrenheip,- but that -,_a. man .named ; Fart-ell/to’" whose assistance Kenealy -went/ also- re ceived severe treatment, -.so, much so that medical : assistance was hastily sent for last night. Dr Niohol ' son, who was applied to,'. : daolined to go: out then, but sent Farrell some medicine, and will visit him this , morning. Kenealy’a assailant," Dwyer, has been ad mitted to bail, It is stated that there are 3000 miles of closed roads in the Western district.! r , . Thd h’yf-yeariy' meeUng of the Ballarat'Banking Company will be held on Friday, the 7th April. The balance-sheet shows it profit 0f'£8236 12s lid on the half-year, after making provision for bad and doubtful debts. The report states that deposits have increased, notwithstanding the general decline-inibankr; deposits, and the aggregate of business has reached the sum of £10,037 2s Od.'for'-'the'half-year.-'.A dividend of 10 per cent, per annum will be declared. Something like two*Hours' were taken up at the City Police Court on Friday morning in tho hearing of those, disreputable neighbors’...quarrels. in which complainants and defendants are equally culpable, and ought to;each ba ; heartilyaahamed of themselves. It was a case of alleged.,threatening, stone-throwing, and generaljblackguardumj'in which a cross, summons had to be dealt with, and matters generally assumed a very miied-fup state. 7 For on each side we .do not remember a case, affording more interest. - r Wfi^pn£vnth'e«.swore !p6MJiyejy.-and unmistakablyVndth'er as forcibly d'emed iu tpio. Qrba'a perjury was apßarept | qn‘ohe Bide,,ahd'it''wa8 > ‘pertectly aWfdl'to- listen ’to"'the-glib stylein which 'the oath's and counter baths Were*'taken‘ : by the'different wit nesses, who seemed ,to find some 1 pleasure in’giving eaohother tbe . fie. The 'bench', ' thoroughly disgusted with the conflicting statements:,made, dismissed the case,-- wisely'ordering each .party'to defcay ite own costs. - •_;>- • -■ ■ ■■ The following are the names of the eight exhibi- tioners from the State schools for this year, with the number of marks gained by each boy:- 636; JaB.-Thomaon,.636; Robert Hamilton, 633; Wm. Bayes, '609; A. V.' 572; ! ismay'Wat3on, 570; Xhoa.'HodgBon, j 69; and Wo. 'Bruce, 561. ."The exhibitions are of-;£3£ra -yeareach for six years,- and they are tenable St'the grammar schools and after wards: atthe ..University.i Parry.-and -Boyesjgrefrpm Mr Nell’s school,..at .Carlton;. Auderson and Bruce, from Mr -Templeton’s school, ;at .Prahran; - -Thomson, from Mr Walker’s, Yarra, - Park - school,; Richmond; Hamilton, from. McNichol’a school; Ballarat; Watson, from Mr Hutton’s: St. -Paul's, school,.-.Geelong; and fromrMr White’s Gautral aohool, Melbourne. A ’man named" Gasszard - was - admitted-'intb < ' the Hospital on - Friday, .suffering 'from an injury ,tp : one of' his feet, caused through', a' pick striking ' it'while be was engaged in some" mining operations at Durham Leach. : -- The first match for the Wilson ;Cup, to be fired for by the different cavalry troops in the colony, will take place oh the sth proximo ! between Ballarat and Sandhurst.;;..-.- TkOOH More orchard robbing. At the City Court on Friday'three hmce-lboking and' : apparently- well-con nected boys were brought before the bench, charged with damaging fruit trees in a garden in Skipton street. ; The lads looked, and probably felt, extremely foolish' when occupying their veiy'urieriviabW position. They were;let off, inasmuch as the. .evidence did "riot show that they had actually'committed - the damage complained of, though they were seen in the Orchard, arid the’youngest boy had told a witness that be‘ .(the little.fellow) ibad been told by the.othera to go- into the garden' and steal-some plums,-'lt-'was -not a pleasing sight to witness .well-dressed,,intelligeriti looking boys arraigned on such', a-charge in'a police court, and-it is to be hoped that Friday’s lesson -will not be thrown away upon parents and youngsters. .. Avery faithful water-color painting of the township of Learmontb, lookiug down upon it from the brow' of one of the western hills, is now on view at Bardwell and Beauchamp’s studio. The' artist, Mr Stewart, a gentleman connected .with the staff of one of the Melbourne illustrated papers, has succeeded in making a very pretty view of 'this.,pleasantly situated little township. *''• •> ' -J ■ ; The members pf the Town Council again remarked among themselves on Friday night on .the way. in which they -had been snubbed.-;byj the . Government over tha ; proposed- establishment- of a'post' and tele graph office in the town, and pending the''result" of some further communications, sent byitbe'couricil to •the -.Government -in reference ;to: the- subject,.;.Cr Scott gave notice of motion that it bemade-a matter of .consideration at the next; meeting.. ■ ‘ Mr Wm: Robertson, who formerly' represented' Pol warth and South Grenville in the Legislative As sembly, will again offer himself at the next general election,'-when Mr O'Hea' will "encounter 'aUoe'man worthy "of his-steel. ' ■ ■ : The first contest for-the Dyte Cup, presented to the Yacht Club, will take place this afternoon, starting at half-past. 3'o'clock.--- .'i jV i-A-17 We have been requested to draw attention to the very satisfactory railway arrangements, made by the Geelong Racing Club -with the'department for-the conveyance of passengers either ,_to the coarse or to Qeelong on the days of the races.; ~ Tickets .will.ba re-. burnable up to .Monday night, 3rd- February; • and visitors' to thaPivqt 1 will-also have : th'e privilege, -if they desire to exercise it, of . securing first-class'com* partmente for- parties of eight each.; r The terms of .the arrangements will’ he do’und.Vin our advertising columns,.and as, the entries .arid acceptances are ex cellent, a very large attendance may be expected. The Geelong Gold Cup is now on view in Geelong, and is Universally admired; it will be exhibited in Ballarat in a few days. '' ■ ■ j ■ On Thursday'evening the juvenile quadrille party that- assembles)every night in - the - hall of the Mechanics’ Institute, Smythesdale, through Mr Porter, presented Mr John T.Holy, their master of the ceremonies, with a purse of.sovereigns for the services ha had rendered the party during the season. ' " h On Friday Mr John Lynch, junior, .of Smythesdale, received a telegram; from Melbourne announcing that he had passed his examination as a land surveyor in connection'with the Lands Departtrieht. The Lai Ini Iron Company- have lately been en gaged in putting down-five bores to teat the extent of the ore deposit in the.immediate neighborhood of the smelting works, and though the bores' ware of no great.depth; they proved that, there, waa; plenty of, ore to operate on for a .long time to come.: The last bore, we understand, is-.likely to be put down ,Iqwer the rest to ascertain- if there : is- another bad beneath the present layer of ironstone. ", ...^ ' The arbitrators' appointed to asse'sa the compensation to be paid-by the Government to Mr-P,,C.Baker for his right to the Mount Helen wat'er raca beld their final meeting on' Friday, and agreed as to their award, the particulars of which wfil-not-be divulged until- they have sent.their report in to the.-Minister of Mines.. ' The Royal Commission on Closed Roads will re same.ita sittings next week; in order to prepare’ a final which; together with the progress rbjport;prh seated to Parliamenl laflt aeaaion, -will: ha availabla fpr the consideration of the subject by'the House) during the forthcoming session. Those, shires which have not as yet responded to the request made by the-Com missioner of Public Works for returns upon the sub ject have been desired' to send thein in-without any farther delay; . ; ':;‘V??'.4 \- The next; sitting of the-.Coanby-Coart-at Smythes dale ia.Bet dowa for Tuesday, lltb/Marph, ~ The Hibernian Society’slilo. 2' brariob" held' their fortnightly:meeting in the haUt Dawson street, on the 23rd instant;; the president (Br Wm. r Kinane) in the chair. The attendance of members was about r the average". "The,; usual contributiohs had berih sant iti previous to,the ripeiung'.df :the meathlg;. ’j Sick .allow-, arice, £6 10s, was'passed fori payment. . . 'CorreBpori-, dance.—From BrD. Brophy,-enclosing cheque for .£3 l-4a 6d, J balance of interest. This - was acknowledged' with thanks, also "his ackriowledgffierif c bf plaoing;at interest £250, as ordered, by the annual meeting.' The monthly ~ accounts,: , amonntingfl.ta .'£l3 5s 4d, were passed for ' payment, after which the following brothers were'elected a-committee to make arrangements: for the due' celebration-of;Sti Patrick’s. Day 1879, viz., the Rev.' J; R. Cleary, and Messrs D. Brophy, J, J. Fitzgerald, Wm. Kinane, Ed. Daly ? Thoms* Usher, T. Soiree,-' C. Robinson,James Noonan, J. Crowley, B. Noonan^ The Sabas to tteir secretary Br By® who vote o£ thanks for hisWßeenee. [ JfefplySM,'pM9«« d l ° Mo bis htgtfet »3make thissSiar’s Wlebwtions, it A;i,|» Jjjffiwfr-ffi&raviou;ß dynnatraMta. The first rifiSltiDg S&fatriok;’J EfipFete SMamittee was Migd foraSundia, at BtpphyS which ware ahm)uop|(t-£l7 5s 63. ’"'Jolm by being etrept down in the flood in Elizabeth street «l«.y, .MM <m-.ianraday..^tto—MAfentßft. Ho3pita],.^hithf^he f / Theihoi'deipß'of mmir’s-^Hta ? llwmses’ -in tho Rmyfchpadala division.of the Mining Board will have a plethora o£ n to select from, there being two .more aspirants'in (he field, .namely, Messrs M'Qrath,’ late .manager; ,q£ the Try, Again, Scaradale, and Mr Kewi. mining engineer of the same place,, so. that there .are mow nine .for the two/seats. '; * /,^ ',Oar!Weda6BdayV,abohference.t(wk-.plaeß:batween, representativea-from' ths~ shires of ■- Leigh, 'Hampden, and' Colao,' respecting; - , the-re-baildingj 7 of A th'e r -GreSBy' bridgejthathadbeaasweptawaybythefldods'laßt’ season, when plans prepared -by the engineer of the fbrmer’shira were’approved of,' and it was’ resolved'to ‘‘dSfiutatidnise' " thaQoyernment "for aid towards ’the construction of the wort,, which .is urgentlyjequired /; .... > We (Fkaiaht Greek informed ,ty- a ;jresi> dent of Stawell who'. lately‘visited Murtoa thatthe wheatcrop is being'dellvared at? the railway terminus in quantities that quite beggars description. ' Heeati mates that the bags now uhfirwflrded c6yer';nearly two acres of ground, at agreater rate.thantbat at-which itran be despatched. We'also hear that grain ij beihg'brbaght 'frdm aS 'far as Donald., . .This, fact prbyea that the farmers reisog'- nisa in the Stawoll* and Murtoa continuation' a better market,.prospect..than, is obtainable. byjvay. of St. Arhaud,' whichiamaby miles hearer'to "the scene ~of production. It'is needlessTfo.’ business at Murtoa is exceedingly.lively. at.present inconsequence of the glreat traffio. The proposed' line *of ‘ rail alon'g Sprihg street, to connect-tha- Exhibition-buildings directly- with the Government system of railway, is now being surveyed, and levels are bcing taken, with, a vipw of forwarding a report to the head of the department. ' This jibe (says tho Herald /is meant to connect directly with Spencer street .by. means ; of’ the.tramway along Flin derSe treat, work otrwhich has-been commenced. .The engineers state that there will be,no practical'difficulty in ; the way'6£ its bohstructiph, and it can .be laid flown easily anfl ecpnomically in-a short time.V; - r The' cropa ih the parishbf Argyle. Lintbn'. way,;are exceptionally good this season. ,‘.. Mr Morey, of Linton Park,"had a’capital yield'of * wheat and oats, bat then the land is farmefl properly.. .Mr,Ryan,.of Argyle, has had 27 bushels to"the a’dre 'from* a good paddock of oats. - Very few,.persons .have as -yet threshed their grain," so'that the returns, cannot be known. 'At Skipton, Mr Menzies and .the only two other farmers thereabouts have very" flair .crops, but then their land iafit for cultivation, and the remainder of the plain dofentry Is’only fit for;sheep;rans,// : ‘ j-’5 " It has been decided; by Mr Woods, the Minister of Railways, to’withdraw the appeals of : which, 'notice had been given, and to pay over. to. Messrs (J.'/Muhrd and'.C. A.'Scpy(h the apabnnts. fixed upon byi arbitra; tion as the value of their land taken -for, the/South Yarra to Oakleigh railway. Prior ;to arriving ;at; this decision (says the A gej-iSx Woods took legal -advice; and learned that the chance of obtaining verdicta’in favor of lower valuations'was so problematical that he would not be justified in hazarding- the payment of costs in addition.' :; u / • Y There appears to' be a very-bad state of affairs at Maryborough in regard to water-supply. The <M. and D. Advertiser says “ Owing to the dry weather in Maryborough. arid vicinity water xa'very, Bcairce : at the present time, almost all, the watcrholes and dams being dried up, but for all this one might have thought'that-people.would atill be ca'utibus'fts to the quality of the water they used -for /domestic and drinking purposes.. This is not'the case; however, for we are credibly informed that the water that runs down-the; main drain', is collected' in' i tubs :by( some persons residing in the vicinity, cleared, and used for drinking and other purposes; Now, it is well inown that this drain carries away, a large portion, of the filth and sewage of the town, and how anyone can be mad enough to use the putrid stream which” flows slowly along, and expect to retain their health, is a moat extraordinary puzzle.” ' The -AraraP Advertiser mentions that’M? Colin Campbell, one of .- the. oldest settlers, and the first white man who crossed the Beaufort ranges, has finally severed his connection with the district. The Adrertiser'.aays “For some years haYhad been thinking of taking active work in the church, and last year lie applied to the Lord Bishop :, d£ : ’Ballarat,'‘’■who gladly accepted the- services of a' gentleman of such culture and social standing. He was ordained deacon iu the Pro-Cathedral at Ballarat last Michael mas Day." Until the end of last year hs assisted the Rev. Canon Homan in the Ararat district, and proved to be.a preacher of-more than: ordinary ability,-his language being well and aptly chosen. At the,.begin: ning of the year .the bishop bestowed upon .Mr Campbell the parish of Ballan, and,,last week the family, left the old station for their new hpme.V We f Argusj regret to announce the death'of the Rev. John Eggleston, Wesleyan minister, of Brighton. This event occurred bn Thursday at 3 p.m'. The rev. gentleman was in his usual health until Wednesday morning, when .about .5 a,m. he. was. seized with con gestion of the' brain, 1 which'p’rbduced-unconsciousness, frptn which, ha neverj-allied. Mr Eggleston was one of- the oldest' miniatera 'of the Wesleyan Church-in these colonies. Mr D'ArcyEead’a-ghosts will 'positively walk on Monday. night next at the Academy of Music. The. damage done by unfortunate mishap has been repaired, and all . the mysterious arrangements have been made, and those fond of illusions are sure to be gratified, for this la . one of the best yet deviaed by philosophical ingenuity.' The forty-eight hours’ walffing match between Edwards and Abley attracted a considerable amount of. interest on Friday, particularly late in . the . day, when people were anxious to see how the two- men looked after a twenty-four hours’spin., The day being close, and at times very warm, told greatly upon' the competitors, the Alfred-hall being oven-like in tem perature 'during -the' "afternoon.The' walkere took very little'reat during Thursday or throughout Friday up to midnight, _■ and it ! Was evident that,. ,the Jong tramp, was beginning to tell in each "case.- Abley suffered considerably; from swollen and blistered'fest. last' night,’ and took some half ho'nrs’rest? prior tp : midnight, when he agkin got? to work, walking-well as Soon as the stiffness' incidental to the rest'had been- got rid of.' At a; quarter to 12 Edwards .having completed 108 miles, ’ an nounced his intention of . taking an .hour’s :rest. . At. this time Abley had completed his 105th, mile. To day.the excitement will necessarily be great, and as a close finish' is at present looked for, there should' be an immense attendance at the hall during, the evening; "; • cirous-.was; well patrohised- oii Friday- To-day there will be an afternoon performance .for the benefibof the juveniles, and the evening’s enteftain ment. will be the fareWell.one to be given In Ballarat, i 