SHAKEsi?KABE IN BEAOKFBIAR8.'; iHjimaginatibn we' seo'.th'B author -of ./faHi/eOis/-clad-»in doublot and hose',, with ajrapieVnt- his side, he- leu'ves tho' Mermaid- in Friday Streot and wftlks loUuruly to tlm theatru to lnnkii himsolf ?ft 'j motley; to the view,' in his' clmnicter of iih ucLor. A man of medium Iieiirhl. with long nubtirii hair and BliorL-pointeil bmird nnd|nioust«cli(i of theBnmo .line, light linzlooyHH, and mi iibnqrmiilly lofty foruliOHil. i HiH demeanour is 'digniDed anf^ von' grave; but tho iinimutod ex ,'pr@jnipn of his faco' lends you .to supposu thjlt he hiiH been eugngud in a ' wit oom Imt' with' nuo 'old. lien. Thoru is n something about him which iinprossan you in B|ilte of yourself, nnd many glaum buck 'at liitn as he pusxes along. He htilU for £ short time in Ituland Yard, street leading tlntiTm---.' ' ' -'' ---?*y St. Andrew',^ Hill, in tho east panij*^£, agaia the King's Majesty's wardrob^.' The distance between, it and the -theatre is'lessi than 100 yards. 'What does'he ?play this evening — the Ghost in Samlet or A*d4n-'in Ai Ton Like It ? Each of these charact6rs\is. associated 'with his name..' There is no direct evidence that any of his plays were originally produced here, though a good'iase might be made ont-in support of the^Aeory that- 'Samlet and, the. Taming of 'tm;. Shrew, to say nothing of other plays, assignable to a period- anterior to. the building of the Globe' Theatre, 'firet .saw/- thik .light in Blackfriars. But. we .have lost sight for a moment of Master'Shakespere. He is now enteringthe stage door of the Black friars Theatre. , It. is nearly .three o'clock : the first of the three trumpet blasts which, announces a performance is given,.und a. flag is run up ron.'the roof of . the - building- -While the actor is dressing Tve will take a glance at .the interior of the house. Lords and. ladies, of the Court sit in the boxes or at the side 'of the stage; cavaliers unaccom panied by ladies stretch themselves on the ground and' call to their pages for pipes; 'nnd tobacco; the playgoers who pay the lowest price for .-admission are standing ? at , the back of the house. The performance- commences, ' the scene of action, in default. of moveablo decora tion, being- written' in ' /;halk ,v on a board^onthe side i of the 'stage. There is noiroof to the house, Tmd. when the. sun goes down the candles will be lighted. Presently Master Shakespeare appears. He meets with a hearty reception, for he is immensely liked at Court, the nobles and wits and poets of the time are 'at- tached to tlio man arid proud of his. friendship, and.as an actoryin the- words of Lord Southampton, 'he is of good account, in thoconipany.'— ^Theatre. ' . 