IMAN CATHOLICS AID EDUCATION, PASTORAL LETTER. " To our dearly beloved broth ron and children in Christ, tho Clergy, Secular and Regular, ' and the Faithful under our Jurisdiction. "Health and Benediction in the Lord Jesus Christ. " Having been convinced by many Bigns from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholio . Education aro steadily increasing so as to become absoluto perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice j wo, the Archbishops and Bishops having jut is diction in Now South Wales, who uro respon- sible to God for tho souls of parents and chil- dren confided to our care, dcomed it our duty to meet and take counsel together regarding tlio presont condition of affairs, so that wo might then, by thp authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you us to your position and your duties with regard to tho education of Catholic children, " Tho erection of costly Publie Schools in every direction, which is continually going on j the steady, systematic way in which our Deno- minational Schools aro being weakened and extinguished ; tho treatment of Catholics at Randwick and tho Benovolont Asylum j tho prospect of secularist Grammar Schools spring- ing tip at the publie oxpenso in Maitland, Goul- burn, and Bathurst; of a secularist-High School for girls being established in Sydney, and partially endowed by tho Government ; of ¿1500 a year being spent for fivo years on tho educa- tion at Grammar Schools of boys exclusively from Publie Schools ; this lavish expenditure of public money on ono section of tho com- munity; to tho oxolusion of others who cannot in conscience avail themselves of it, is, in a freo community like our own, where all aro equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot bo submitted to in silence. ' " And moro tlmn this, tins oxponditnro on ? godless education, this studding tlio colony with schools which tho Church knows from experience will, in course of time, lill tho country with indifferentists, not to speak of absolute infidels ; this use of Catholic funds-of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets-for establishing a system of education throughout tho lund, which not morely Catholics cannot safoly make uso of, but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap tho foundations of Christianity, is nu net so galling to ovory feoling of fair- play, that wo do not seo how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to puss unchallenged. "Not merely ns Bishops of tho Catholic Church, butas citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, wo emphatically lay claim to our shnro of that samo even-handed justice ; and boliove it to bo tho duty of tho Catholic body not to rest until they havo been placed on an equal'footing with their fellow-colonists. Wo, Catholics, who represent one-tlmd of tho popu- lation, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle moro consideration than our fellow-taxpayors receive j and wo do not soo why wo should bo content with one jot or tittle less. " Lot it bo borne in mind that this is dis- tinctly a religious question. With politics, as audi, it was never our taste to meddle. Wo prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid tho contention of rival parties. But when not justice alone, but tho future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain position ; whon the question of education is in point of fact tho great religious question of tho day ; wo should bo prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should provo ourselves unfitted for our. trust, woro wo to hold our peace j did wo not, at tho present juncture, sot forth tho teach- ing of the Church with great distinctness, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unmis- takable clearness, your ditties as interpreted by that teaching. " Christ ciirae on earth to renow tho world by tho graces of His spirit, by His perfect law of life, and by tho supernatural revelation of Hi» will to man. What the highest paganism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that Ho did, in all its fulness und perfection. Tho lirst chapter of St. Paul's Epistlo to tho Romans gives us un outline of tho degradation to which man eau fall nuder a civilization which is based upon tho passions ; whilst tho higher philosophy of Pluto, Socrates, Cato, nnd Cicero has proved to us how impotent aro literature nnd philosophy und intellectual cultivation, when they sot them- selves to purify tho spirit of tho inner mun. The hideous blots which disfigure tho highest morality of Romo and Athens ara us so immy fingors which point to tho utter imbecility of man when ho thinks to civilise, tho heart, instruct the conscience, and direct thc will, apart from tho influences of true religion. And what tho history of tho past lins proved to bo thu enso, tho history of thc present is over moro and moro confirming. Wo (ind, on all sides, that where philanthropists havo attempted to educate tho innot' lifo of mau by philosophy, legislation, or intellectual culture, tho effect has always been tho same. Every civilization which hus not had Christianity for its basis lins been dwarfed, stunted, and doformcd ; and ovory eflbt't, from that of tho most remoto paganism to that of tho most modorn infidelity, to deal with tho coiiseionce, tho will, and the heart of man in their inner sanctuaries, has resulted in tho degradation of man, and in thc collapse of tho philosophy which corrupted him. Thu reason may havo been exercised, and tho intel- lect may havo been informed ; but, apart from Christianity, tho moral nature, on which mini's worth HO much depends, lins novcr been educated, nor his powers, passions, and motives elevated or refined. What paganism could not nud cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Christianity into tito world, What legislation cannot touch, or . -philosophy shape or sustain, that our Saviour carno to legislate for, to purify and to onuoble, . through tho gifts and guidances of tho Christian dispensation. He, and he alono, was ablo to convert and rogonornto, and deal effectually with, tho inner heart of mun, for this dimple. ronson, that ho wns man's Maker. It required tho power of holy Baptism, with its interior and supernatural effects ; tho light of faith illumin- ating tho intellect and informing the conscience ; and tho grace of tho sacraments, especially of penance and tho altar, together with a super- natural lifo of ploty and prnyor, to bring their united action to bear upon the world, heforo man could gain any adéquate notion of what Christian civilization roa I ly meant, and of tho oilactB on the entiro man of Christian education, Those things, it is plain, aro especial gifts of God to fallon nature; they aro graciously be- stowed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist him in withdrawing himself from tho tyranny of passion and tho thraldom of pridoj away from that brutality which iu producod by un enslavement to tho world, tho dovil, and tho flesh. Besides these gifts, Christianity brought knowledge of n perfect kind, compared with. tho obscurity pf the pust. It taught man that in comparison with tho next world, this world and all its wealth and knowledge aro ns dross; that heaven is bought cheaply nt tho prico of all tile present lifo can oiler ; that man is made for God, and has to save his soul, before all things olso; and whutover ho gain, if ho lose God, all is lost; and whutover he lose, if he gain God, ult is gained. Christianity brought into tho world, niso, three invaluable gifts : a truo knowledgo of God, a Divino living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of lovo towards God and man. " On theso things, all civilization and legisla- tion, all morality, public, social and private, aro founded. Without theso man falls back into pngauism and barbarism ; his moral nature corrupts, and he gravitates towards tho condi- tion of tho savago. Whilst, on tho other hand, with Christianity thus acting ns a moral force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, thc ellicacy of tho sacraments, und tho teachings of Revelation, man is lifted up : his reason ener- gizes in its fullest freedom, his conscience is trained to a sonso of highest duty, and his heart and will aro developed to a rectitndo, fulness und ripeness which aro never to bo found under less favournblo conditions. " Now wo uro bound, both by tho natural and tho revealed law, to educate childron in tho knowledge of God, in His lovo, and His com- mandments. As Christians wo aro bound to educate them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procuro for thom thoso blessings and gifts which tho Christian Church alone has tho power to bestow. By tho law of nature paronts aro bound to train their childron ; and by thc law of Christianity the Church is bound to sue that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on thc ono hand, aro obliged, under strict obligation, tints to rear theil* chil- dren from tho dawning of their reason ; tho Church ia bound, on tho other bund, to com- pleto tho work which tho purent» have ? begun. ' Go ye thoroforo and teach,' or make disciples of ' all nations, baptizing thom in thc name of tho Father, mid of tho Son, mid of tho Holy Ghost j teaching thom to observe nil things whatever I have commanded you,' is her com- mission. Hero tho duty is imposed upon her, and she receives tho necessary gifts and powers. Thus botlt parents and tito Church inculcate, tho sumo c\\.ss of teaching ; they are in perfect harmony ; tho education of tho child at its mother's kneo is not undono in tho Christian schools, but developed and completed. Through tho wholo period tho graces and influences of | Christianity aro operating on the inner lifo of tho Christian child ; the heart, tho conscience, and tho will, aro hoing moulded for lifo j ami tho entire hoing, body, soul, and sonsos, the complete personality becomes saturated by n civi'ization, of which Christianity alono can bo tho origin. " Tims it is solf-ovidont that education with- out Christianity is impossible ; yon may cull it instruction, filling tho mind with a cortain quantity of secular knowledgo, but you can- not dignify it with tho namo education ; for religion is an essential part of education ; and to divoreo religion or Christianity from Educa- tion is to return to paganism, and to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that thc Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that method of teaching in which tho religious clement is divorced from tho secular. She knows that instruction if not education, and that a system of national training, from which Christianity is banished, is tv system of practical paganism, which leads to corruption of morals and loss of faith to national ed'emiiiaoy and to national dishonour. " It is not, thoroforo, surprising that Pope Pius IX. should lmvo issued tho following weighty instruction, which our Catholic people and our Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder on. In it thoy will find no new doctrine, hut thc old teaching of tho Church, which .springs from immovable principles ol' religion. ' Tho greatest injury is inflicted on society,' says tho Supremo Pontill', ' when thu directing and salutary power of tho Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which tho happiness of tho Church and of tho commonwealth depends so much. Por thus sooiuty is little by little doprived of that truly Christian spirit which alono can pormanently securo tho foundation of pcacu and public order, and promote and direct tho true and useful progress of civilization, and givo mau those helps which uro necessary for him in order to attain after this lifo his hist end. And in truth a system of teaching which not only is limited to tho knowledge) of natural things, mid docs not pass beyond tho bounds of our lifo on earth, but also departs from tho truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guidud by the spirit of error mid untruth ; and edu- cation which, without tho aid of Christian doc- trine, und of its salutary moral precepts, in- structs tho mind and moulds tho tender heart of youth, which is so prono to ovil, must in- fallibly produce a generation which will havo no guido but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will bo a sourco of greatest misfortunes to tho commonwealth and their own families. Who docs not soo that tho samo system will givo riso to still greater evils if it bo introduced into primary schools I for it is in these schools above all that tho children of tho pcoplo ought to bo carefully taught, from their tender years, tho mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to bo trained with diligenco to piety, good morals, religion, ami civilization, lu such schools religious touching ought to havo so loading a placo in all that coiioüi'iiH education una instruction, that what- ever olso tho children may learn should appear subsidiary to it. Tho youirj, therefore, aro exposed to tho greatest perils whenever in the schools education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, sinco primary schools aro established chioily to givo tho pcoplo a religious education and to load them to pioty and Christian morality, thoy havo jus- tly attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other educational institutions nil tho caro, solicitude, and vigilance of tho Church. Tho design of withdrawing primary schools from tho control of tho Church, and tho exer- tions made to carry this design into effect aro therefore Inspired by a Rplrit of hostility to wurdi- her, and by tho dosiro of extinguishing among tho pooplo tho divine light of au:* holy faith, Thoso who pretend that tho Chu ron ought to abdicate or suspond hor control mid her salutary action upon tho primary HOIIOOIB, in reality ask her to disohoy tho commands of hor Divino Author, and to be falso to tho chargo slio has rocoived from Cod of guiding all mun to salvation ; and in whatever country this pernicious design of removing tho schools from eceloai'istical authority should ho entertained and curried into oxecution, and tho young there by exposed to tho danger of losing their faith,' there tho Church would be in duty bound not only to uso her best efforts, and to employ every means to secure for thom tho necessary Christian education und instruction, but more- over would fool herself obliged to warn all tho faithful, and to declaro that no ono can in con- science frequent such schools as being adverse to tho Catholic Church.' "Wherever tho question of Secularists' schools has arisen, tho Bishops of tho Church have preached tho same doctrine, and have urged upon tho people tho sumo truths with tho samo warnings. How tho Bishops of, Ire- land linvo spoken in Synod and out of Synod, again and again, is known to all of yon. ' Tho English hierarchy lins moro than onco con- sidered it its duty to address tho Catholic people of England to tho same effect. In one of their recent joint pastoral letters they say : ' Wo have already declared that education without Christianity is impossible ; or, to uso a modem phrase, that tho secular and religious elements of education aro inseparable ; that education is essentially religions, und thoroforo that where religion is excluded there is no educntion. Hold fast by tho old traditions and axioms of your fathers. Schools without religion may give instruction, but education they cannot givo ; thoy cannot cducnto a people. Let it he called national instruction, but, in the name of Christianity, lot it not bo called edu- cation. Not only is education without religion impossible, but instruction without religion is instruction without morality. A peoplo to whom morality is riot taught cannot be moral ; but Christian morals cannot ho taught without religion ; for what is morality but the law of duty, which arises from our personal relations towards God and our neighbour 1 And how is it possible to tench this law of duty without a knowledge of tho persons towards whom tlicso relations oxist? But to know this-un- less mon are going to reduce a Christian peoplo to tho lovel of Deists- Christianity must bo taught in our schools. Christian morality can- not ho taught without tho knowledge of Christ, and that nguiu, by necessity, involves tho know- ledge of His history, His teaching, His com- mandments, His incarnation, His divino per- sonality. Aud what is this but dogma? for religion without dogma is not Christianity, in wbatsoovor school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not taught ; and whore morality is not taught, tho heart, tho con- science, and the will of children are not educa- ted for tho duties mid conflicts of lifo. What cnn bo moro falso, what moro fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this educa- tion Y " Such, then, being the emphatic teaching of tho Catholic Church, we, tho Archbishops and Bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, condemn tho principio of Secu- larist education, and thoso schools which arc founded on that principle, Wo condemn them, first, because they contravene tho first principles of thc Christian religion ; and secondly, thoy aro seed-plots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase thc standard of human excellence, and to corrupt tho political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore wc urge our clergy to do all in their power, in tho pulpit and out of it, to instruct tho people in theso teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully rea- lizes the true position of allia rs. They should bring hofoie tho mincis of paronts tho terrible calamity to their children in exposin ; them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make thom feel that they could not do a grunter ser- vico to tho religion or to tho Stato than to up- set, by constitutional means, a system, which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promises to bo a source of incalculable evil to tho colony. Let thom, moreover, warn paronts, who through a spirit of indifl'erence or worldli- ness, arc exposing their children to proximate danger of pervision and of min, that they aro tempting tho nnger of tho Almighty God ; and that thoy aro jeopardizing the faith, tho mora- lity, tho eternal happiness of thoso who aro too young to help themselves, and those who have been confided by Nature itself to their guar- dianship and protection. Lot them ofton re- mind tho people that they aro gravely respon- sible if they gi vo encouragement to such schools, for, by so doin";, thoy uro helping to perpetuate a great ovil, and aro standing ns obstacles in tho way of Christian mon who aro bent on bringing about a chango. Let ono and all rc mumbor what fathers of old sullbred for tho faith, and let thom not show themselves un- worthy of their own flesh and blood-flesh which was freely wounded, and hlood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromiso Christian faith. " Wo are profoundly conscious that n latent souse of fair play exists in tho community nt largo. Lot all Catholics unito in bringing bo foro tho minds of their fellow-electors, and their representatives in Parliament theso two facts, first, that Catholics havo to pay for schools which thoy cannot safely ttso, and which they consider an evil to tho country ; and, secondly, that whilst they aro thus mado tb pay, no equal provision has ° been mado for them ; lot tho country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sonso of common, ovon-handod justice will assist us in working ont a remedy. Would Secularists hold their pence, if without equal provision being mudo for thom, public treasure wera lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary schools, whilst ¿£7¡i00 wero spout on tho training of joys, exclusivo from Catholic institutions! Would thoy not hold that they woro being treated with extra- ordinary injustico and unfairness 1 And would not tho whole world agrco with thuin ? "It will bo urged that tho Stnto loaves reli- gion to parents and priests, nnd lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. " True, tho Stato does not, and cannot, claim a commission to educate. It is tho houndon duty of tho Stato to protect, not to usurp, the moral duties of its members, All Christian fathers and mothers aro required by tho natural and Divino law to givo thoir children n Chris- tian education, Tho Stato has no power or com- mission to usurp tho parontul rights, and to com- pel parents to violate their conscionco by send- ing their ohildron to schools whoro un alien religion or no religion at all is taught, To do so would ho to iudulgo in tho most cruel form of religious persecution, Tho Stato lins no rights highor or moro snored than those of parents, Nor (loos tho authority of tho Church cross or thwart tho natural rights and duties of parents: its commission is to seo that those rights uro not invaded, and that thoso ditties aro performed. Tho Catholic Church condemns godless schools and Secularist education hecatiso thoy uro solvents of Christianity, and loud to- wards dopriviug Christian childron of a priceless trcttsure. And no man can bo a sound Catho lio and support that which tho Church con- demns. " Tho Stato may declare, and statesmen may toach, that tho Secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to tho Catholic religion. But, in mutters of religion, aro Catholics to ho guided by tho world or by tho Church 1 Does not tho Church know her own true interests best J Has not sha had cxperienco of centu- ries, in point of timo ; and nil over tiio world, in point of spuco 1 Aro not her professed op- ponents on tho sido of secularist education, and do not hor best friends mingo themselves.upon tho Christian sida ? And to como to facts, has tlio secularist systom, so far ns it has gone, fos- tered nnd developed-a Christian spirit? Hus not tho Catholic episcopate, in various quarters of tho world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit? What is our own experience, and that of tho Catholic clergy in tins colony ? To their shame, it must bo said, soino of our people do send their children to Public schools. What is tho deliberate conclu- sion wo havo arrivod ut with regard to such children? That there is a marked differenco between them and children who havo been edu- cated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to alindo to their morality, their manners aro rough and irroveront, they havo littlo senso of respect and gentleness, they havo no attraction for prayer or for tho Sacraments ; and promise to swell a o'ass which is nlrendy far too largo in number. Our clergy look on 1 tho future of such wild, uncurbed children with gravo misgivings. " If in any country in tlio world signs aro being hold out on ovory sido of tho necessity of an especial school of self-control, reverence, piety, purity, obudienco, faith, it is in Australia. ? If in any country Catholic children requiro a strong Catholic education, it is hero. At homo tho ancient traditions and monuments bf piety and rovorenco, iv largo staff of clergy, a Catholic public opinion, with many other external helps, assist in tho training up of tho young in a Christian spirit ; but here, where all is now, tho clergy few, tho population small and scat- tered, and tho external helps wanting, it is most difficult, with thc best efforts of tho best Catho- lic training, to rear np the children to Christian piety, and with thorough Catholic instincts. How ruinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Chris- tianity out of the schools, and to confino it to a Sunday catochism-class, , under such .circum- stances hs those. " The only fuir chunco for Catholic children turning out Catholic men nnd women in this colony is for thom to he most carefully and con- scientiously taught their religion by their parents from their earliest years ; and then for thom to bo sent to thorough Catholic schools, whore tho homo teaching is continued, and tho mind and heart and conscience and senses of tho children aro impregnated with Catholic in- stincts, and moulded upon Catholic truth. " It may bo interjected that somo Catholics do not disapprove of Public schools, for a cer- tain'number'of Catholic children aro going tb them. Wo reply, because a cortain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn whnt is wrong, and teach them what is right. Wo declaim against and condemn intempérance, and we de- claim against and condemn secularist education ; ahd'we aro led to do so all tho moro strenuously in proportion as we aro inclined to fear tho Catholics nro beginning to .feel less and less horror nt drunkenness and infidelity. Tho Church is not ruled or guided. by tho practices or corr.ipt views of bad, or indifferent, or ig- norant Catholics, but by tho successor of St. 'Put'er and tho Bishops of tho Church who ute in communion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, thoy will be safo; to liston to and follow, in such matters, any other voice, is to plungo into darkness, and, finally, tomako 'shipwreck of tho faith. , ""What, then, arc out1 practical recommenda- tion!* 1 I.-First, lot «ll parents lovo their children's souls as tho appia of thoir oyo. Let thom bear in mind their gravo responsibility in the sight of God with regard to tho Catholic education of their children. Lot paronts, from thoir children's earl ¡est years, teach them to pray ; and, until they aro lit for school, excr ciso them in Catholic practices, and fill thom with Catholic thoughts, and foster within thom Catholic instincts, and, by oxumplo ns well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, lovo, and roveronco. Lot all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in theso duties as matter for confession, and as a causo for grava spiritual alarm. " II.-Secondly, let parents send their child- ren, when of fit ago, exclusively to Catholio schools. Let them regard nil other schools as no places for thoir children, who havo to learn, hoforo everything olso, to savo thoir souls ; and who should bo sedulously prepared, by breath- ing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for encountering tho perils of tho world into which thoy will eventually bo thrown. "III.-Thirdly, lot all Catholio paronts know that thoy cannot, without serious guilt, plnco their ohildren in proximato danger of perver- sion, Lot them hoar in mind that to do so is to set nt defiance tho teachings of tho Catholio Church ; and that, unless thoro bo exceptional. reasons, and tho danger bo romoto, of which things tho Cliuroh is tho judgo, no Confessor cnn nbsolvo snob parents ns are willing to ex- posa thoir children's souls to tho blighting influence of an alion creed or a secularist system, " IV.-Fourthly, lot thoso who uro so un- happy us to bo sanding thoir children nt tho presont moment to Public schools, withdraw thom us soon ns possible. Lot thom examino thoir children's religious instincts and moral con- dition ; nnd if, us is to bo oxpected, thoy find faith nnd morals weakened, and tho germs of lawlessness apparent, then lot them, with great anxiety, clo all they can to redeem tho timo and to remedy tho ovil. Lot thom especially propnro Ruch children for tho Sacraments, lench thom to hear mass devoutly, to say thoir morning nnd night ¡iraycra punctually, to mako our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to lovo tho Holy Soe, and to bo obe- dient, docile, nnd rovornntial to all who aro placed ovor thom, " V.-Fifthly, lot tho olorgy make snob in- structions ns th ono froquent subject of thoir sermons and their private exhortations ; and lot thom not weary till godless and nou-Cutho lia schools havo been cleared of Catholic childron, und until nil tho Catholic childron in tho district aro receiving a sound Catholic education, "VI.'.-Sixthly, let bishops, priests, mid peoplo do nil that lies in thom, if necessary at potsounl sacrifice, to rondor thoir prosunt schools ns officient in overy way ns possible ; so us to bo equal in socular instruction to nou-Cntholio schools, whilst thoy surpass thom in tho genuino education of the will, tho conscience, nnd tho senses. . " VII. - Seventhly, nnd lastly, whilst strengthening what they have, let Catholics anita as ono man, and insist, by means of legi- tímalo yet persevering and curliest pressure in tho right direction, upon thoir equal rights with their follow tax-payers. " Whut is tho present position of affairs? Catholics aro paying for tho support of schools which they can neither approve of, nor muko uso of, whilst no analogous provision has boen made for thom. ". Wo may he mot with a cry of tho ' religious difficulty. ' Wo admit tho religious difficulty ; but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a largo section of tho community. " Tho ' religious diliiculty ' exists in Ireland, and still moro in England. But whilst tho Catholics of Ireland aro receivin j; a largor share of justice as days go by, tho Catholics of this colony aro receiving n less and less sharo of justice Whilst tho small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education, in evenhanded justice, wo, hera, nro retrograd- ing, mid aro aggravating that one-sidedness nnd unfairness from which tho broad spirit of a growiii" liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should tho mother country hold a monopoly of oven-handednoss? Why should not wo walk in thc broad footpath of legislation on tho question, and learn from her great statesmen how to solve 1 Hie religious difficulty* by tho British panacea of fair phiy 1 And how can this principio of fair piny ho applied! Thc answer is simple. Introduce payment by results iii place of the present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised, each section of the com- munity receives equal assistanco with the other, according to tho ascertained results (by Govern- ment inspection) of secular teaching. Thus tho common funds are made uso of for what admit to be a common good. Thus no one can com- plain. Tho secularist sect, indeed, would bo deprived of a monopoly; but, then, a wide- spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happiness and peace through- out the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protes- tant would bo cnlled vpon to support creeds which thoy condemn ; nor would largo annual grunts of molloy bo lavished upon ono section of the community to tho exclusion of another. Thora would bo ono law of fair-play and no favorving, for nil. Those who wero equally taxed would bo equally treated.-Is not this a broad, nu intelligible platform, upon which every just und honest mnn would naturally take his stand ? If thero bo a wide-spread senso of justice,in tho land, ns wo firmly beliovo .there is-Is thero not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action 1 " Wo recommend thoso interested in this sub- ject to study tlie Intermediate Education Bill for Ireland ; the Elementary Education Act for England and Wales, with tho Now Codo of Regulations ; und Sir John O'Shnnnssy's Bill to further amend the Law relating to Educa- tion. " lu mattel's of vital importance and common j us tico half measures generally turn out miser- able and cowardly failures. If it bo worth while for tho Catholic body to assert its rights at all, it is worth whilo for it to assert its full and entire rights. Let us all realizo this fact ; and then wo shall not bo content till our present humiliating position is exchanged for ono of fairness und equality. It is a groat cause which we havo in luind, nothing 1 -s than keeping alive, in its integrity, in our udopted land, the religion of Jesus Christ, and thus far securing tho salvation of souls, ns well ns tho futuro greatness of tho colony. Lot Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsibili- ties ; lot them bring legitimate pressure to bear in tho right qunrtcr; and never ceaso in thoir porsovcring, their organized importunity, until they have obtained thoso rights which no mun cnn rofttso them without self-ovidont injus ! tico. " Dearly Beloved,-' Watch yo stand fast in tho faith, do manfully, and ho strengthened.' ' Kee]) tho unity of tho Spirit in tho bond of penco ; ono body, ono Spirit, as you uro culled in ono hopo of your calling; ono Lord, ono Faith, one Baptism ; Ono God and Father of all, who is above nil, nnd through nil, and in us all. " May tho God of pcaco Himself sntictify yon in all tiling.-;; that your whole spirit, mid soul, and body, may bo preserved bhunoloHS in tho coming of our Lord Jesus Christ." "Given at our meeting, in Sydnoy, Juno, 1870, and ordered to bc read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. t Rouiin BEDE, Archbishop of Sydnoy. t MATTHEW, Bishop Bathurst, f JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. , t WILLIAM, Bishop of Goulburn. " AITESDIX. '. Decrees on education adopted by tho Arch- bishop and Bishops assembled in Provincial Council, ut Melbourne, in April, 1809. " 1. Since, tue Church cannot rightly discharge that most solemn duty entrusted to her by Christ our Lord, namely of instructing tho faithful in sound doctrino, and preserving thom from dangerous and poisonous pastures, unless silo enjoys tho fullest liberty und power of imbuing them with tho principles of Catholic faith, and of training thom to good morals, wo cnuuot approvo of any system of education which either inflicts an injury on that power of tho Church or in any way whatsoever impedes its exorcise. " 2. Honco wo condomn that education of Catholio youth which is soparated from Catholio faith, and from tho power of tho Church, and thoreforo wo shall tuko caro to romovo Catholio children from thoso schools which nie called mixed schools, sinco in thom, according to tho oivil law, the Church cnn oxorciso no authority, nor havo any power in regulating tho studios, selecting tho books, or in tho choico of tho teachers. " 3. Wo admonish all tho clorgy and faithful committed to our care, that they are bound to uso ovory oxertion to erect, whom possible, Catholio schools in whioh tho authority of tho Church will bo fully recognised, and thnt method of instruction observed which luis for ita object tho eternal wolfaro of souls, and whore tho tmo touching of religion is wisely combined with knowledge and progress in litorr uro. " For tho erecting and conducting of theso schools, wo shall assert our right to our just proportion of tho public revenues which nro yearly set apart for tho education of tho people, so that tho claims of all limy bu respected, no preludien heilig oflbrod either to thu faith of Catholics, or to tho conscience of non Catholics j and wo shall moko ovory effort to próvido Catholic : education in every district for our Catholic youth. " ö. Hut for all that which has been asserted of thu authority of thc Church in this matter of education, by no moans prevents tho different Governments from inspecting our schools, through their officials, and of making themselves acquainted with tho fitness and qualifications of tho -teacher. " 6. Sinco tho education of youth greatly depends on the c'ioico of teachers, it is right that they should bo not only adorned with purity and zen! for thc Catholic faith, and imbued with good morals, hut they ought niso to ho very well instructed in all that thoy are bound to tench in tho Schools. That teachers possessing theso qualities may bo be1 had, it is quite nocossary that train! ii"; schools bo erected, in which they shall be properly trained in the principles of tho Catholic faith, and diligently acquire a knowledge of lmmau science necessary for tho fulfilment of this office. But wo ailinn that it is only just that assistance should bo granted from tho public Troasury for the building and tho conducting of these Schools. " 7. But that tho clergy way hayo bofore thoir eyes Hound of principles eduoation, in which the faithful aro to bo continually .in- structed, the fathers desiro to insert hore throe propositions condemned by tho Sovereign Pontifl', Pius IX., happily roigning, which aro of the greatest importance : " ' 15. Tho entire government of public schools in which tho youth of any Christian stale is educated, except (to a curtain extent) in the cuso of episcopal seminaries, may and ought to appertain to tho civil poiverj and belong to it so fur that no other authority whutsoovcr shall bo recognised'us having any right to interfere in tho disciplino of tho schools,, the arrangement of the studies, the conferring of degrees, in tho choice or approval of.. tho teachers. : , , , "'47. Tho best thoory of . civil society requires that popular schools, : open to tho children of every olnss of tho people, and generally, all public institutes intended for in- struction in letters and philosophical sciences, and for carrying on the oducation of youth, should bo freed from nil ecclesiastical authority, control, and interference, and should bo fully subjected to tho civil and political power, at thu pleasure of the rulers, and according to the standard of tho provident opinions of tho ago. ' ; " ' 48. Catholics may approve of a system of educating youth unconnected with Catholic faith und tho power of'tho Church, rind which regards tho knowledge of meroly natural things, and only, at least primarily, tho onds of earthly social lifo.' " ' i ' 