Rockhampton. [from our own correspondent.] June 3. There seems to be very little demand for land iu this district just now. On Tuesday last the Gracemere homestead area, situated only a short distance from the town, was thrown open to selection, but on that day not a single appli- cation was received. This is partly to be accounted for, I understand, by the disinclina- tion of intending selectors to pay the 10s. an acre fixed by the Minister its the minimum price on selection. A petition to the Govern- ment having for its object the reduction of the price has been signed in the neighborhood, and forwarded to the bon. member for Blackall (Mr. Archer) for presentation. The building committee of the new Church of England aro not lugging in the work they have undertaken. They have been holding weekly meetings since their appointment, and at last meeting the pinn for the new building was chosen. It is the joint production of Messrs. Scarr and Voj-sey, architects, and it foreshadows a very pretty edifice. The money is coming in very satisfactorily, and tho prospects of the Bpeedy erection of the church look bright. There seems to be no lack of the medical pro- fession in the colonies if one might judge from the number of applicants for the position of surgeon to the Port Curtis Hospital. The com- mittee held a meeting yesterday afternoon to make the appointment, but as there were seven applicants, and their testimonials very volumi- nous, it was decideel to depute their consideration to a sub-committee composed of four members of tho committee and three of the visiting surgeons. All the gentlemen who apply are possessed of very high qualifications, and the difficulty will be to choose between them. The successful applicant will be declared on Thurs- day afternoon. The Kanakas aro taking full advautage of British freedom in a manner which renders them very frequently a nuisance. Last Satur- day night about a dozen of these gentlemen held the town almost in defiance of the three guardians of the pp.iue who were the only con- stables on c1 uty. The islanders aro aware that a constable must exercise considerable restraint before resorting to the use of the batun, and they take full advantage of their knowledge. One of the islanders was arrested for disorderly conduct, but the others fell on the policeman to release their countryman. The other two constables, however, having been called, succeeded in locking up the offender, but not without a struggle. On the same afternoon " Tommy" and " Charley," two other islanders, showed their warlike propensities by maltreating and wound- ing a Cbiuaraan. Enterprise in the 'bus line is suffering no di- minution, but-on the contrary- is comprising withiu its influence every outskirt of the town. Only a short time ago I reported that four omni- buses were plying; now there are more than half-a-dozen, and they all seem to do well. Contrasted with fifteen months ago, when there was not one 'bus in Rock- hampton, the change is equally surprising and gratifying. One of its efftcts is the iucreased value of suburban building allotments, and there can be little doubt that within a few years the town will have far more suburbs than at present -a change which will be advantageous both for the business and the health of the inhabitants. Another change no less gratifying is the popu- larity of the Botanical Garden, which on Satur- day and Sunday afternoons is visited by a con- siderable number of the townspeople. The gar- den has hitherto been mainly useful as a nursery, and residents in the chief agricultural districts have reason to thank Mr. J. S. Edgar, the ob- liging curator, for rare and useful plants ; but for the future the garden will enter upon the sphere of usefulness for which it was more espe- cially desigued, but which the distance from the town prevented it from attaining. We have at length seen the " Ghost "-" Carl ton's Ghost," of course, of which you know per- haps more than I do. The entertainment is likely to havo crowded houses during its stay here. Miss Stephenson^ theatrical company are doing remarkably well, notwithstanding the dull- ness of tho times. They deserve success, and they are doing their best to prolong it 