"COKNHILL" ON CHESS. We reprint the excellent article on Chess, published in the CornhiU, MegaENie in IMS, premising that time •would have modified fee author's views in one or two respeets. For instance, chess is now, as elsewhere, very popular in Britain; chess theory is also mow goaeniHy studied now than formerly. It most be'"admitted, too, that the practice of the game is not exclusively confined to the '•sterner oex/_3Ije ^ ladies now number some fine chess i teors~notably MrsTj. W. GUbert-(the Queen o? | » __ _ .. .i- Chess), Miss Budge, Mss. and the two Misses Down, Miss Bymer, Mrs. Worrell, Mrs. M. B. Favor, an* ofhors. Lastly, the late Professor Suncan Forbes proved conclusively that ehess originated in India. The game practised by the classical nations was in no way related to chess:— We have aH heard how Talleyrand predicted a mteerable old age for the youth who negleeted learning whist before the evil days had com. The mot is rather a good one for France. It has that peculiar flavouring of wicked levity whieh enables a mot to go smoothly down a Freaeh throat. But it has nothing mere. If he had said Chess, there would have been something m it; and then he might have thrown in the rest of life as weH. In epigrammatic tartness mo doabt it would have lost considerably. But it would have come reasonably near the truth, and that ought to count for something. la fact there is nothing in the way of amusement about which people throw into the sea such mines of pleasures as this game of chen. It possesses all qualities that are good, and none at all that are bad. It even combines fascinations of opposite kinds, a quality entirely special to itself; for it is peaceful, and at the same time warlike; it is light, and yet profoand; ii is manly, and yet womanly; you can play it by daylight, and you can play it by lamplight; yom can play it in Ifce hoase, you ean play it en the lawn, you can play it in a railway carriage, yea. can play it with board and men, you can play it without either. It costs nothing, it is reputable, it is dignified, and it becomes all classes, and all ages of life. And it has a wealth that no other game can even approach. Its change*, if aot literally endless, are at any rate past counting. Their beauty is like Cleopatra's :— Ags cannot wither it, nor castors stale Its infinite variety. Tet in these lands, strange to say, chess is sot popular. There are tournaments 'which make plenty of noise, and matches between clubs, and single matches, and ehess columns in weekly papers with square pictures and printed games. Bat the circle they concern is very narrow. 9?• the "general reader" they are as dark as the mysteries of Eleusis. Speaking nationally, the state of chess is simply disgraceful. Britannia knows nothing about it. and cares (ess. Tie two things, indeed, are connected together as oauao and effect; for if she knew more about it she weuld care more. Ia a certain sonte, of eoaaee, it might be said that every one plays ehess. In every gentleman's house you expect to find a board and men, just as you expect to find " Macaulay's History 5 ' in his library, or a, -sideboard in his dining-room. And every one in the house plays toe. Paterfamilias plays, so do the young gentlemen, so do the young ladies— they all play something which they call chess. Ami chess no doubt it is, so far as this—that the board is a chess-board and the men are ehessmen, and they move them about on squares. But as for the real game—what they play has about the same relation to it that the fighting at Donnybrook has to the fighting at Waterloo. Ton sit down to play with a young gentleman supposed to know Greek, or a young lady supposed to speak French and German, and haviag .got in a pawn yeu ask for a second queen. u Two queens at once !" screams out a family chorus in horror and wonder, and with great difficulty you convince them the demand is an equitable one, and no invention of your own at all. Some of these primary delusions, especially about queening and castliDg and etalematisg, seem to be, like Cassio's hurt, " past all surgery." Mr. Staunton—to judge from his "answers to correspondents"— must have long since come to the conclusion that they are in some mysterious way connected with the laws of nature and likely to hold out till the renovation of all things. f/^&g;! We shall divide chess- players into two classes: firstly, those who have an idea what the game means; secondly, those who have bo idea what the game means. An objection may be put in at the beginning against this division as being rather arbitrary. It may be said that players can be found of every shade of force from Philidor down to nothing varying by insensible -degrees like day sinking into night. And statistically and legally the objector is right. But morally and educationally our division is , right. For do we not do the same in other things? We divide men, for example, socially, into men who are not gentlemen and men who ; are. And though a mind arithmetically disposed (like the .Zulu mind), might put in dis- ! agreeably that every shade is to be seen from Lord Chesterfield down to Mr. Squeers, ... every - one knows that practically the division is useful and good. We are justified, therefore, at common law in dividing chess-players into two classes •only. The player of the first class gives the feeling of resistance to an adversary, to any adversary. Tou may overpower him with superior force, you may run into bim and tear him to pieces; but still he has given you play. He knows the lie of the ground, with its different pitfalls, quagmires, and fortresses. His troops are drawn out so that they can fight without standing in one another's way. He has an intelligible plan for the campaign, and holds the thread of it in his band to the end. If it fails, he knows where it fails. He knows where your soundingline was thrown deeper than his, and where he was out-generalled bv a combination more skilful than his own. He falls, if he falls, with his eyes open and his face to the foe; as Athenian falls before Spartan, or Spartan before Theban. Now the player of the second class falls not as Greek before Greek, but as Persian before Greek. Brave he may be, naturally, but he does not know the ground, and his forces are unwieldy. They are always getting into one another's way, and tumbling over one another, and shooting in one another's mouth. A detachment trying to advance is stopped by a detachment trying to retire; while others lose their way, or get stu rounded, or cut off at passe?, or wedged into impassable defiles. Then the fight turns to a massacre, and the killing becomes aanrder, till your hand becomes as weary ss the feand of David's mighty man, and cleaves to the sword. In any other game this would cure itself. The player who was made mince-meat of so, would know he had been made minec-me&t; of, and would improve. If Jones always gets out the first or second ball at cricket, and misses all the «atches, he can scarcely help seeiag the faet, and generally has his own measure correctly enough. But in chess events are seen as Hamlet saw his father's ghost, with the mind's eye. Here, therefore, Jones does not necessarily see them. He may think he is getting on prosperously almost to the very end, tfll the scissors are just opening to "shear his thread in twain." He keeps killing men, and discerns not that he ia •driving nails into his own coffin. That he finally loses he knows. What h« does not know is, that he never had a chanee. Therefore his knowledge oan never grow; for does not Socrates tell us, that the first bud from the tree of knowledge must be the knowledge of ignorance ? People wbo play chess in this Brummagem style get no pleasure out of it at all, not even the bliss that proverbially goes with ignorance. Ihey know nothing of the "stern joy™ which the tame chess-player feels as the tide of victory sways to and fro over a well-fought field. The haphazard scrimmage they play at soon grows monotonous and tiresome. No wonder ehess should be unpopular. Tet among these homespun warriors there is no lack of power. The raw material exists among them in abundance; material, too, as good as ever was polished bright in the TUgmrt or St. Gtoi-ge't. They are inglorious and msie only because knowl«dg£ has never unfolded to their eyes her chess-pages, rich with the spoils of time. Only that waste of power is a oad thing always, it would be amusing to watch the collision where genius is pitted against science over a chess-board. 0n this field genius is sare to get the worst of it. He struggles fiercely to escape the toils with all tie art of moi&ier-wit.; The adversary looks on calmly, grimly smiling in bis sleeve the while; for well he knows that if the fera should break loose other snares and pitfalls are awaiting bim. Science rather enjoys a wild-beast struggle like this, aad sometimes jets the animal lose on purpose to torture him jSgain, and see him plunge and tear. All this •time science may be, originally, the less noble beast of the two. But the arms, the " appliduwes and means" she has provided, more than jsmke ap the difference. Recreation though it be, chess must have a tioone of study, or something very like it. Bough chess diamonds are not to be cat into brilliants without some trouble, any more than other diamond*. But never was diamond seen that was better worth the cutting. As a genera] rote the "curriculum" must bo taken out in books. If yen hare a friend Vho kaows all about it, and ha* the patieace to teach you all tboHt it, why then yon are fortunate— ttet'fl all. And is limitm such friendship can always be had, and to any extent, provided you cfcooee to pay for it. But London, like Corinth, is not allotted to every one ; and out of London the ohanees are yoa hare not a friend who is snxMQB to ooosoerat* hit time to the suckling ©f yoar ktet powers. But lMok« ean always be had. Ob ess-book*, it is true, do not look to be the liveliest of companions. But this is only at first. Besides,_they hare other good qualities to make it up. Their patience is iaexhaastible. They never Irae their temper. iamm* They Th.. never >«7w snub mnli tm you fnr for ntnninitT. stupidity, and ana they leave von to go on at your own pace. These an good things always. Ia ohess tbey are superlatively good. 8till book-shess is anything but a favourite. Candour compels as to eonfess that few people liko it; and oat of ten that try it nine throw it ap—we grieve to say it—in disgust. The reason is, that out of tea people nine do not know how to use a book. Few people know the use of any book; still fewer of a book that teaches; and fewer still of a hook that teaches chess. Deluded people begin at the beginning and read right on, making a sort- of conscience of it. Whereas you must use the faculty of taking out just the thing yoa want and nothing more. Always turn over the leaves without apology or ceremony, till yoa find what you do want. Every book is f uH of ohtff; bat most of all a chessbook. Far chaff, be it remembered, and treasure, is aot absolute but relative. A thing good iu itsalf is staff to you if you happen not to want it. To seme one else it may be wheat of the fiaest quality. But it will choke you all the SMao, ualess yoa have cooated and fostered the kingly foculty of discerning it, and blowing it oat of your way. It is a grievous loss to literature that no reoord has come down of the author of that aaxim—so dear to British mothers— " Begia at the beginning aad read your book through." It is a deadly socrow not to have his portrait to serve as a frontispiece for all future editions ef £ha " Dunciad" till the end of the world. Of the two, it would be about as safe a rale to begia at tfce ead and go backwards, supposing we were forced to have any rule about it at all.* Now the Eritisk youth, with his chess-book, proceeds as follows:—Having first caught it, and found it probably the far-famed " Handbook," he summons his energies for the first opening, takiag it all as it comes. EaithfuIIy he goas through it, and tries to keep the variations all in raemory. As he gets on he feels, perhaps, Number T. getting mixed up a little with Naiaber III., and has to turn bask to separate them. But at loagth he thinks he has it all; and now, completely armed, he burns to revenge his past defeats on Smith, who is unsuspicious, «ad ignos&nt; of books. But, wee the while, the* anioeky igneraaes spoils everything. Smith plays a defence out of his own head; a defence not in tfie book at all, even among the bad ones. Poor Juvoaie is disgusted. He knows it must be rotten, but he dossn't know where. Deserted by his lore in the hour of need, he plays a mixed game, partly reminiscences of what he conned from the book, partly original moves forced on him by the pressure of neeessity. As usual, the two plans upset one another, and + ,he whole ediico comes dowa, After a few trials more he concludes the book must be useless, and consigns it to the shelf. But the faalt was ia Javenis himself. Instead of steppiag in warily he pluBged ,in head foremost. Therefore he was drowned. In chess the memory must not be called in. It has nothing to do with the business, absolutely nothing. The working faculty is the understanding. Tou must study an opening to see what it means, to eatch the genius of it. For in every opening there is a genius, or, to speak Platonieally, an " idea," which animates it like a soul. Transformed through different variations it still lives there; and the value of all the moves depends on their relation to it. Unless you have seized this idea you have done nothing. Once you have grasped it the working of it out becomes pleasant, even fascinating. The game begins to have a meaning, and the men feel as if they were alive. Tou try it out by yourself, experimenting on it in every possible way, and against every defence you can think of. The running down of your game, through all its doablings and twistings, soon becomes as exciting almost f.s a fox-hant. By this yoa learn, at the beginning, that important lesson, the valae of a move—of one move. You have a mark in your eye—some defile to be passed or fortress seized—and the : enemy is Pushingto prevent you! Experimentig on it, you find at once how everything turns : upon a question of " time." And therefore in a well-played game there is, strictly speaking, no "critical" move. Every move is the critical move. And this, we may observe by the way, gives one good test of the class a i layer belongs to. If you see him at some stage of bis game having "nothing particular to do," and not much earing, just there, whose move it is, write I him down at onee an outsider. He knows nothing. He has never been in the mysteries. He has never even crossed the threshold of Cuesa's temple. I In course of experimenting, you will stumble I betimes on difficulties. A defence suggests : itself that you ean make nothing of, and you j ^ to a dead lock. This is the plaoe to call in the book, with its " long results of time." Look dowa the variations till you find how the nut was craeked by mea with harder teeth, Philidor perhaps, or Desshapelles, or some king of modern days. Reading in this style you soon grow familiar with the country, not by copying the map, but, with the map in hand, walking over the ground with your owa feet, beating up all the bushes, and looking into all the holes. As for remembering, you have ne need to troable yourself; that takes ewe of itself. Once you have understood a position, fuHy thought it out and mastered it, it stays with you of its own accord, grappled to the memory with hooks of steel, and knit to it with cables of perdurable toughness. Having any philosophy, you must have observed that memory never does, in anything, put out her strength, unless you leave her to herself. She works in the dark, as bees work, and has the greatest aversion to working for show, er working by task-work. The glue she cements with always distils spontaneous from the intellect, when the intellect is in action. And with that work the cement holds. But with anything else it turns to water. And very right it should. For why should one man be allowed to transfer to himself the work of another man's brains by wholesale, without even the ceremony of digesting it? But let it be minced up, and stewed down, and oaten and digested, and then nature, as we may say, signs the deed of transfer, and allows you to keep it. So far the play is only "analysis," experiments over the board, played by yourself versus your imagination. When from this you come to aetual play, from confronting a phantom Smith to confronting Smith in the flesh, you muet expect a diff«rence. The coporeal saemy appears for awhile to avoid the steps of his representative, as perversely almost as if he was doing it on purpose, and turns up new things where yoa fondly believed you had seen all that was to be seen. But this does not throw you out. It only corrects your analysis and extends it. Theory of the right kind turns itself into practice with the greatest ease. Smith will soon feel the difference and open his eyes in astonishment to find himself nowhere. The chess faculty is not, as oommonly thought, a single faculty. It is compounded of two ingredients, which, for want of better names, we may call Depth and Breadth. The union of these two, supposing them both in perfection, would constitute a perfect chess-player. But very seldom indeed are they combined in anything approaching to perfection, although separately either may be had easily enough. They are seldom found even in equal proportions; and where they are it is accidental. For not only have they no necessary connection, but, in the bent of mind from which they spring, they are almost antagonistic!. The different proportioning of these ingredients in different players is the key to the difference in their " style." It is well for all learners to take note of these, and carefully too. For one or other of them may be signally weak by nature; and there let the owner keep guard, for there his weakness lies. The two faculties differ as the mathematician differs from the man of the world. The mathematician reasons more patiently and more profoundly. Bat he reasons along a straight line, and sometimes forgets to take in all the facts when setting up his premisses. A mathematician, therefore, is not always a safe man of business if or is the player whose special faculty is depth a safe player to venture money on. He throws his line fathoms d«ep below his adversary, and calculates out to the end a position of seme ten or twenty moves. But meantime he overlooks 8emet$ring lying at the snrface—at his very feat; overlooks it all the more from the earnestness with which he is searching in the depths. His adversary may be shallow, never sees perhaps to a depth of more than four or * Ih Berel-ruUting the interest is greatly intemsifled by reading CFab- wise. Begin in the third volume, or somewhere ia tke «so«d, at a venture. If you like the people, yoa feel atimsted to go back and catch up the missing li*k«. Aid so you n»ay ; for » that case tb« book i»ust ba geed, a^id you get additions! mystery oat of it fear nothing. Otherwise you are fi^Ted the tumble ; for ia (tat ease the book mit.^ b; h?*}. K>.<3 T«b hare res® 'W it. five movW. But then" he Sees'all roahdiiim,, looking before and behind and on both sides. Aad so, in the chapter of accidents, the " breadth" of his observation may compensate him for his want of depth. Games are sometimes lbst in this way to inferior players in the most unexpected and ludicrous manner. And for this reason, among good players, a single game, no matter how severe, is never considered a fair test, or indeed any test at all._ The number of games played nlust be sufficient to " eliminate chance." Accidents of the kind we have mentioned are very trying to the temper. But there is not the slightest use in getting angry or talking about them. The way is to laugh, and look out better the next time. It is, however, some consolation to know that such accidents do happen—very seldom indeed, but they do happen—with the finest players in the world. Even the Morphy has been known more than once, while mining furlongs down into the depths, to collapse suddenly from missing something that was just touching his nose. These faculties are taxed differently at different parts of the game. For the game itself changes its nature as it progresses, and each of its stages has a character of its own. The " openings" have a character very different from the " endings," so different indeed that a player may excel in one and fail in the other.^ And, again, both openings and endings are unlike the " middles." The openings make a special demand on faith, to begin with. The initial moves have consequences so remote, and involve variations so complicated and countless, that we must use the work of other people—more or less. Certain avenues have been cleared, certain great lines of route which long experience has proved to be safe; and on these we must set out. Otherwise we might spend all our time experimenting to find them, and probably not find them in the end. The endings do not make calls on faith in the same way. All about them you may see in the pare light of reason. In a certain sense the endings are a most important part of the game. For the checkmate ends the game, and the player who wins all the rest to lose that particular move will have very little to congratulate himself upon. Many games, however, have no endings, in the technical sense of the word. A defeat equivalent to a checkmate, or even the checkmate itself, may arrive in the middle of the game; that is to say, with the board full of men. An "ending" assumes that the main shock of battle has been indecisive. The dead men have been carried off, and the reserves—a few pawns, with perhaps a piece or two aside— are brought up for a second and final conflict. The problems that present themselves here are highly scientific. They are problems of depth, with little of the elements of chance, and meet of them are "beautiful exceedingly." Tbey differ, as we have said, from the openings, inasmuch as you may reason them all out for yourself. That is to say, it is possible in the nature of things to reason them out for yourself, though it is by no means likely that you will succeed in doing it. And for this reason, we presume, they are never held to resemble private property_ in any way, and never, like the openings, receive the names of particular men or places. The "middles" of games are very different from both. Here every man must fight for himself. Books and teachers oan do nothing for you. The positions are too various to be predicted in detail, or even classified. Tou get a fair field and no favour, ond the rest you must do for yourself. And, to our thinking, this is~ one of the greatest beauties of the game. Learning and discipline cannot carry everything. Unless you have some native pluck and muscle all foreign aid will go for nothing. Science gives you an immense advantage, and so it ought. But it does not reduce the thing to a certainty. The savage with his club still gets a chance, and so he ought. And without the smallest doubt he will knock out your brains with it, if you have nothing in them except what other people have put in. Chess-players like coals burn best together. If you separate them the fire dies out. It is a great thing to get some one to begin with you and " plough up the wars" together; better still if you can get up a chess " circle" wherever you may happen to rusticate; but wherever and whenever you meet a player stronger than yourself, be sure to play him at odds; and whereever and whenever yon meet a-player weaker than yourself, be sure to make him take odds— if you can. A marvellous and sad phase it is of human nature that people will persist in not accepting odds, and call it a disgrace. Disgrace indeed! as if the real disgrace was not in insisting you can do a thing you cannot do. Show me a man that refuses odds and I'll tell you what he is. In fact, I can tell- you without having him shown. Firstly,.he is a foolish man. Secondly, he is a vain'man. I can tell you also what he is not. He is not a chess-player, and, whit is more, he is never likely to make one. Taking odds is necessary to the very idea of chess. For is not the essence and the soul and the spirit of it that there should be a fight— rixa 2 Now this we know, on the authority of Juvenal, there cannot be, if you do all the beating—pulsar while I get it all vapulo tantum. Smith fancies he can give, you .the knight; no insult surely in that. The question is, is it true^? And the answer is to try it. If he can, then you have a fight, a real fight, with its glorious uncertainty and delicious excitement. If he cannot, beat it out of him till be finds he has had enough of it. The genius of chess, we have just laid down, is to fight. And let not any member of the Peace Society imagine this to be a disadvantage. In fact, herein is found the crowning excellenoe of chess, her principle, her moral, .her mission. Let us explain. Man is a fighting animal. The element of war is in his blood; and being there -it .must come forth'and show itself—somewhere. There are exceptions; but they are miserable ones. When a man turns up in whom no fight can- be detected, you may pronounce that he has nothing in him. Nature in framing his soul forgot the bones and muscle, and he can never come to anything worth vji-srLioning. Try it upon nations. In ancien c ; i r;u-s there were the " blameless ^Ethiopians," who didn't fight with any one that we can remember. But give me a Roman or a Greek before two blameless Ethiopians; and give me an Englishman or a Frenchman before two Hindoos or two Chinese. True, the faculty may be misapplied. As a fact, we admit that it generally is misapplied, more especially in Donnybrook. But this only proyes the great necessity that exists for applying it right. ' We must keep it in work, or, as we knowTrom Dr. Watts, it will be at mischief. To find the right work is fhe problem. We are in the same difficulty here as Michael Scott with his demon slave that couldn't stay idle. The wizard lnckily, when just at the end of his wits, thought of setting the imp to twist ropes out of seasand, and no more complaints were heard about want of work. If we could only get out of it like that! There is firstly war itself, real war with swords and cannon- balls. And this has the additional recommendation of an unlimited field for developing the heroic and romantic in fiery youth. But against it there are great drawbacks. To be knocked over with a cannonball is glorious and spirit- stirring to those whs read about it in the newspapers; but the persons knocked over dislike it, and so do their friends. To the Spartan mother it was the same thing whether her son carried back his shield, or vice •tersd. But the British mother feels differently, and prefers her son alive. On the whole, therefore, for every-dav use, war is not eligible as a safety-valve. There is also another and less fatal field, the Olympia of the British nation, well- known to the learned under the mystic symbols " P. R.,* where " diamonds"' of various colours, "chickens," " spiders," " phenomena," and other equally remarkable beings, engage in a contest, of which the most important part appears to consist in , the drawing _ and tapping _ _ _ of "ruby," "homecious liquors. The initiated, however, are aware ' brewed," *• claret," " Falernian," and other deli- that this Pan-Britannic arena, much as it has contributed to improve and adorn the English language, has contributed quite as much to disfigure the English countenance. It must, therefore, also be pronounced ineligible. We have now proved by an exhaustive argument of the most rigorous kind that there is no safety-valve for the spirit of war except in chess. This is the remedy provided by nature for that particular fever. It answers ail the requirements. There is fighting enough to satisfy the most voracious appetite, and that too without any loss of " claret" or " Falernian." And there is here a field for fame not only national, but even cosmopolite, the only field ever discovered in which the arts of peace and war coincide, and arms and the toga may be worn harmoniously together ; the only field on which you may aspire to read your history in a nation's eyes, or sway the rod of empire, without the unpleasant necessity of wading through slaughter or shutting the gates of mercy on mankind. Here also we have combined in one the charm of unity and the charm of diversity. For is there not the unity of a single combat, one man against one mac, and all depending on themselves ? And yet it also presents the variety of a battle with armies, with the interest of combinations and generalship, the steady march of infantry, the fiery sweep of cavalry, the advance and retreat, and flank movement, and ambuscade and surprise and rescue. In diverse spe-iesof battle even war itself }? eot so rich. There you are forced to go to different ages and countries to collect those imposing changes that are rung on the attitude of fight—the phalanx of Macedonia, the wedge of Leuctra, the crescsnt of Hannibal, and so on, down to the pounding of artillery from a distance, or the picking off of men one by one in an American jungle. But with the mimic warriors of the chess-board you may see all these in effigy, and more besides, in course of a single evening. Tou can choose for yourself the style of fight you prefer, close game or open game; Sicilian, or Scotch, French, Muzio, Allgaier, Ev*ns, Fianchetto, or any other of a dozen more; while each of these again, being representative of a class, breaks up into classes of its own, and each of these again into other classes of classes and variations of variations, multitudinous as the seas and changeful as the clouds of evening. The aspect of the game is always changing, changing even with a single move, shifting its hues like the neck of a bird if you shift it an inch. With so much wealth chess can never "repeat," unless by a sort of miracle. . The chances certainly are myriads of millions against it; and, passing over such things as fool's mate or scholar's mate, there has probably never once been a recurrence since the game was known. s It is a curious fact that ladies can never leara chess. But the reason is plain enongh. It is an b art of war, and nature intended them to shine in arts of peace. For this particular recreation, therefore, they are incapacitated by natural constitution. In common life instinct serves them instead of logic, and serves them exceedingly well, making, as Goldsmith expresses it— " Their conduct still right with their argument wrong." But in chess the conduct depends altogether upon the argument, so that when the argument comes to grief the campaign must come to grief along with it. On this point a remarkable convenient fiction is kept up between the tfexes. It is allowed to be supposed that ladies can learn chess, and if they don't the reason is conventionally assumed to be because they happen not to choose. They accept the fiction themselves for sober truth; and no wonder they should having heard it so often. And no wonder either they should plume themselves a little upon it where they do happen to play, for undoubtedly as a general rule they happen also to win. Men in their secret conscience know the reason; but they don't like to tell it. It would amount almost to social suicide to breathe it. Except under the seal of anonymous authorship indeed, it could not possibly be revealed. And now we have revealed it, no earthly consideration should induce us to affix our name, or even initials, to this contribution. But the good of society requires the confession. For the fiction, as we are about to show, is continually breeding mischief, and the duties of authorship are inflexible. Let it be admitted that to " green minds" the temptations to play chess with ladies is great, especially with young ladies, most 'especially with one young lady in particular. And very pleasant it would be, no doubt, but for one circumstance, namely, that young ladies happen to be ambitious as well as young gentlemen. When they play they like to win. And if they win you must lose. And if you lose you lose more than the game. By every one in the assembly you are written down a muff, and, most of all, by the adversary who has achieved glory at your expense. She is sure to despise you. Perhaps she pities you also; but we know what feeling that kind of pity is not akin to. Suppose, however, you had roused up your valour and won instead ? In that case you lose still more. The defeated lady is dissatisfied with the whole affair. She iB dissatisfied specially with herself, and feels mortified and mean. And perhaps she likes you better for 'having given her the mortification. It may be true that— " Maids are best by battle won, And wooed with shouts.of victory." But the victory in this case is supposed to be over some one else. • A victory over themselves is quite another ihing. Touthful minds, therefore, must learn to look on chess of this kind as a luxury too costly and not to be thought of. When minded to prove their prowess, let them prove it pn men : but let them leave the board at home when minded to sport with Amaryllis in the shade. Penelope's suitors knew their business too well to make a mistake about this. We find them all playing chess before the palace door in'" sunny Ithaca," reclining on the hides of the oxen they had eaten, and mixing their wine in silver goblets. Bat we never hear of them inviting'-^ "to play. Talking of Penelope reminds us of another glory of Chess, a dignity which no other game has or can now attain to. She has a history and a literature, a pedigree, a right royal pedigree that traces back to "the "very twilight of antiquity. She alone is glorified with the memory of great names, and " fights fought long ago." And this is no slight thing. War itself owes half its dignity to this. Take away its associations and history, its Thermopylae and 'Marathon, its Cannae and its Agincourt, and you spoil it of all the fire of its romance. Chess also has her victories, only less renbwried than war. She has her line of kings and her long musterroll of warriors whose " names Were'great in battle';" her Sarratt and La Bourdonnais, Legalle and Deschahelles, Philidor the Invincible, and MacdonnelL of the huttdred-fights. 'Who has not heard of that princely fiii ihe Light and Lustre of Chess, whose fame, like Bayard's and Sidney's, looms on us with dusky grandeur through mediaeval mist? or that leviathan board on which men of flesh and blood walked about and were taken? or that. wondrous wooden Turk, the left-handed warrior, who wore his chess-board on his knee and vhis "brains in his bowels, and conquered so many nations ? But she has older memories still, -We may^ pass over the stories about India and China as iomparatively modern instances, and go farther back. She was known to Cassar and Pompey, and Ovid married her to immortal hexameters. But her story is older still. It is -woven up with the tale of Troy. She was known to Helen and Hecuba and Agamemnon, king of men. It is highly probable she helped the swift-footed Achilles to pass his time when he lay idle at the ehips, although Homier does hot expressly mention it. In those days, it is true, she was far from full-grown, and her youth gave as yet small - promise of her glorious noon. Played with five pieces—or pessi—a side, the Evans and Muzio must have been very much confined. But her lineage is more ancient still. . She is higher far descended than anything that counts from -Borne or Greece. - Before Athens^had a name or Sparta had a local habitation, she was known in the land of pyramids and mummies, loved in primaeval Memphis, and honoured in the hundred-gated Thebes, first-born of earthly cities. Find me a being with such another pedigree as that. Tet misguided people are found, even in these days, to set up Whist against her as a rival. But there is no use attempting it. Whist cannot bear the comparison. On one or two points she may, perhaps, claim equality; on -the rest, she is nowhere. She has nothing like the inexhaustible resources of chess, or the chances she givos of escape by subtlety and desperate venture. She has nothing like her unmeasured depth, or the infinite variety of her combinations. She has nothing like her delicate shading off of scientific certainty into chance— for chance does enter as an element into chess, though it is not generally thought so. Then what are the "antecedents" of whist? Where is the history of her famous battles, her tournaments, her line of sovereigns or roll of warriors? Was she ever named in China, or sung by Homer, or honoured in sunny Ithaca, or painted in Egyptian tombs, or graved on eternal pyramids? We should be loth to make insinuations about character, especially having figured her, grammatically, as a lady. But her kith and kin, what can be said for them, and for her belongings generally? Does not her very name spontaneously call up visions of taverns, gaslight, swindling, suicide, vinegar-faced dowagers, and backbiting ? Is there any grave or reverend senior who would choose to be seen in her company in daylight? But Caissa, as all men know, is a spirit of another sort. Like Octavia, she is of a " holy cold and still conversation." Retirement and the mute silence are the things she loves; but she can come out in public, and not ashamed to be seen there neither; and king* are not ashamed to be seen by her side. If she does consume the midnight oil—as verily she doeB—yet her lamp is a sober lamp, a classic lamp, familiar with books, and busts, and library fires, and coffee; the sort of lamp men burn when waking to outwatch the Bear or unsphere the spirit of Plato. With chess, like other amusements, there is of course the danger of becoming engrossed and making it serious business, which is turning life ; upside down. Still, if we must have a weakness, let it be an honourable one. Now for other games a weakness is childish, contemptible. But a weakness for chess is an amiable weakness—almost a virtue. For she is of games the Queen and Empress, and the rest are scarcely fit to tie her shoe. a o f v o T o e r l t s s s a a l t o g t o a g A Justice of the Peace at Vincennes, Ind., was recently waited upon by a rural couple who : declined to give their names, but insisted upon taking oaths thit what they were about to tell each other was the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. They then whispered the matter to each other, paid the fees, and left, looking very happy. 