THE WILL OF POPE PUTS IX. The last will 'and testament of Pope Pius the Ninth commences as follows: —“ Dispositions and last will of Mastai-Ferretti, Pope Pius. IX , formerly Giovanni Maria of the Counts Mastai-Ferretti of Senigallia, son of Girelamo. Testaments. From the Vatican, March loth, 1875. Last WilL —In the name of the most Holy Trinity, I recommend my soul to Thee, most Holy Trinity—Father. Son, and Holy Ghost, three persons in one God. I implore Most Holy Maty, always immaculate, and her spouse St.Joseph, the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, St. Michael the Archangel, St. Louis Gonzaga, my holy guardian angels, and all my holy protectors and advocates to aid. me in the great passage from time to eternity, as they have aided and protected me during the course of my life: My tody, having become a corpse, shall be buried in toe church of St. Lorenzo, extra-muros -and precisely under the little arch standing against the so-called gridiron tyraticola) or stone on which may still be traced'the marks caused by the jnartydom of;toe illustrious Levite, The cost of the monument shall not exeeed 400 crowns. Upon the monument shall to sculptured a tiara with toe keys; then an epigraph conceived in toe (following terms::— ‘ OSSA ET CINERES PH P. IX. SVJL PONT. VIXITAN . . . IN PONTIFICATV. AN . . . OBATE PBO EO.' The coat of arms shall be a death’s head. Having' already by the Bull of June, 1878, provided and established the use and application to be made of my ' ■estates' and personal property acquired in Senigallia, X dispose of what property shall to found after my death. I pray God to protect and pre- those estates which are destined to pious purposes. In so far as it depends upon me, I repeat that with respect to my estates of Senigallia, of the which I have disposed for the Pious House o f Refuge and for theGinnasio of toe 6aid city through' the Bull of the 1st of September, L853,»ndthe i20th of April, 1857, as well as through the chirograph of the 24th of May of the said year, I will and intend that all that I have declared in the other Bull of the 1st o f June, 1873, shall be observed, in order to the resolutory conditions, falling in, and rights ot reversion in the cases contemplated in said Bull; the which declaration Iconfirm also with my present testament, as the expression o f my last will, ordering and enjoining upon my heir and others named in my said Bull; and in case these ' should not do it, eVen entreating whomsoever may have the ; I?‘R ld esk e jRarffi^ Ras; given me so many’proofs of kiiidliess, to .assume the, leharge of testameptaiy^- jgiying. Run all^he fqmdnes Jjecbssary : to the carrying into uffect these my last wishes ; and ! pray him likewise to accept, as a sign of|ny affection and gratitude,' a snuff-box with brilliants, of oval shape, and orpamehted with enamel. § 1:4 ; v — “P iu sT Y B zT X l .. On November 10th, 1876, toe Bppe substituted the names of Cardinals. Simeoni. Mertel, and Monaco for Cardinal Antonelli, who had died. Testaments with regard to various matters were made on November 5th, November 22nd, 1875; December 26jhn 1876; February 8th, August 2Srd, . September 4th, October 2nd, and October 13th, 1877, further additions werethade, the last being as follows - To her Highness the Princess of Thurn and Taxis the trunk of the Cross in - silver ornamented with-diainonds. withi two small angels having in their hands] symbols of the Passion, and containing! a relic of the Holy Wood. Pies P. P. IX. 