H E W S A N D K^TSS. The East Loddon Shire Council has.6tar.ted a good work fur the reservation of water,, in the construction of a weir o«er tbe Epddou near tiie hea4 of the Secpentice creek, fur which Mr- Cr Nicholi was the. successful tenderer for the sum of £494. If other councils followed suit there would be plenty oc water about the Ijpddoa. hitherto, dry districts.. L " ' A battalion, parade will take place at Sandhurst this afternoon, wheu about 40 membera of " our own"' are expected, jo be present. Should the afternoon . prove fine, it will be an enjoyable trip, and the ceturu made ia reasonable, hours. We feel, assured " our own" will be true to,their c|iara.otei: as sieiidy,.soldier-like men, A cpnjile of allotments of Ijand situated in Chapman's Gully, containing about &ur; acres, will be submitted to. public; cotmpe:i-u tion on Friday, by- Ms Davison. Oa Thursday week a team. of . tea members of the local rifle corps will fire a friendly match against the same nuu^jber ot member*, of the Ballacat Corps. The match -sill take place at the hitter place. Th& members chosen are::— Messrs Page,. Harding* Hunnay,. M'Farlane, W^ Robewsoti, T. Robertson, Pearce, So.wnsi Jjenkjos, and W. Stevenson. Emergency—Young an.4Lewis. The third competition for money prices by members ot the Maldon. Ri6iS Corps, was concluded on Saturday last with the following result:—-Stevenson 93i with handicap of Page 91;. Cooper CO, with Q.y J.enkitis with 3 ; M'Parlaae, Young 86, with 5-i Patterson 84 with Pearce 84, with 3 j Lewis 81, with 6. VV. Rohectson SIj. Down 74, i Sou'h with 5.; Button 32, with 6 ; T. Robertson 66,; Turn bull OA, with 12. The score of 90- with only 3,added is fijio shooting fer a juvenile, although it is beaten in a masterly man Be; by the score of thft " veteran of' th^- corps"—*Qjiartermaster Page with 91, shpl i.rom the " scratch." Another young member, Cooper^ made a very commendable total, which was equalled hy the " veteran, sergeaat"-™ M'Earlane. fhereare tew young members very forward, hut the " old' una" take a. lot tto beat them. A -raid has been made on a score ot unregistered dogs, and a batch ot owners have .received summonses to appear- at the Petty Session's Court to-morrow, unless the foe, together with five shilling costs, is paid to the collects before ^oing into court. Is all cases heardj by tbe bench a fineis inflicted in addition to. the municipal fee and costs, 'i'liose that ar« wise will submit te tbe first loss, and pay the collecior at once. Messrs Crops and Davison are now closely occupied audftiug our municipal accounts. To the oninit&taed;, it is a weuder how Bome people delight to wade through such aeiass of figures. Its-worth all the money. On Sundajf last the Rev. Thomas Adamson of Daylpsford, preached t^o eloquent sermons in the Eaglebawk Wesleyau Church, and addressed the children of the Sabbath school in t^e atiernopn. On each occasion the church was well filled with'eager listeners, especially at night, when Jto»ny pereons went away, aot. beibg able to find seats. On iJib Monday evening following, the church was again crowded to hear a lecture on " .Uaveluck." In describing the: life ot the vwn-ior, the circumstances of the Indian mutiny, the. seiges of. Oawnpore and Lucknow, tUe bravery ot our eoldiere, *nd jJie sufferings of the helpless women and chtlareoj the lecturer gave such clealy defined verltal pictures as will not he f«- ; if the pathetio ppMton»e'en< ' 1 " ' ears/ -^be^Hjs^, apf fauaed^duribg ?th'e one r oecudldd'ih-Jtbe delivery of ^boir i^nderfed sevetat sllec ionb v «f mhsic dMing the evening very nicely, the harmohium being played by Miss Trewren Votes of thanks to the Rev. T. Adamson and <fae «pfafk{'piiapied by- Mr f&Hardi; ,snd seconded "by Mr Thomas, 1 brought this successful -anniversea-y4o u-clo£S> - \-- Mining has been very Quiet the past week. We hearjtbe AUiauce sbares are being ja^keu up freely. .The only crushing'p of any note were 'ttaiee Snished at Pollards' aiaohine, 3U tons B-iae for 28 & Co, ok 1 Lin^oott's dwt£ Tomliuson deep> ground, & Co, shallow workings, G tons Cios-; Medlin & Co, Nelson Lease, Wilson's reef, tons 24 oz: IS djv-t j SteveDson & Ce. The "Puke" ground, 10. ten&4 oz 11 ri.wt,. and li Thomas & Co, J&. H. Onited, 2% tons lZ~6i gdwt ef gold. At the Union the rock-borer sunk the shaft 18 feet for tba tartnigbl., making a total depth of 1196: fept. At this' depth the' bluestone-is a little easier, and,, although/ very- hard it blasts better. There is still no change to. report in. the. deep, gronndi o£ tbue "Doko.' 1 . Should the weafiber>.feo)d fijne this, akernoon^ juhjB cricket- season will. conw%iinoe on Maldon under more favorable auspices; than, for manyyessB past.. - The-olabhas recently: beea>eorgauissd, and a 'good "wbrkaii^ cpm-. miitiee elpcte4 with'a. few j^Qnaiasiw^oa^' seih. At tbe meetfog held i®, the ^Temperance Hall the- other -eveningyAir J6. fault ia the chaic^ it was unanHuouely sesolved to request *h& Hon J.. Service to be presides!,. and Messrs Wells and J'. S^ Campbell vice-presidents. The following- were, appointedeoni mittee.-—=AIe^sr3 RuIe^Qamilton, Wearne, Williams and Prideaux j Mr Pttull baa, see, . The fee of m.emliersbip is modern ate—?B . 'flA for the season. Tho opening match on tbe Shir» Reserve this afternoon Weill-partake kocs- of a muffirather'iban.a sciewifis display, as several; well-inotrn townsmen. hon-^cncketer&have;, faeen. iu.ii£ed ta take pact. Notwithstanding- dull: times Miner's sweeps o& the jStelbojirne Cup fill up wonderfully fast, and it is not at all improbable, thi't number 10- will be drawn,, making a to-'al of £30,000-.in ene man's hands, ip addi'ion' to what is invested in others, which^ how^ e-7er, sink iu insigaifieeuce in comparison. Ms- - Miller- is well knovn as :he most trusty ageot- in turf matters, it is no. great wonder the mammoth business ha does ia the course of- (he season. Forewarned is to. be forearmed: Tntima-. tion was.conveyed per telegram, to the Police late on. Monday sight to be on guard against a sudden attack, and ihe- same- time the baftks. were warned ta make everything safe. We lately recorded a melancholy accident at Maryborough, which occurred to the. late Mr William. Tyler. 18 the execution of his duty on- tbe railway line, he was. run over by a<truck,, rendering- ampum'iou of bo. li le^s nrcessary^ acu under which operation be died: leavinfr a widow and family to mourn his -less. We lelegrqph are gratified to learn tliat- the- deceased was assured in.-the Colonial Mutual Lile Assurance Society in the sum ot £500, wLick. will afford; a. tuasLy provision, (or the bereaved one6. The particulars of tbe proposed' stamp duties are published'. Cheques are to bear penny stamp. Bills of exchange under £23 pay fid , undfr £50 they pay. Is., ior every succeeding* £50. the stamp is lis. A receipt stamp of id. is required upon all receipts over bur payments to. banks, to. ; charitable institutions, to building and other 1 provident societies are exemptv Deeds > transferring real property pay 6s. for each 1 £<jf) ol valuev and insunince companies pay 10s. for every £;100. of premiums rs : cewed- during the year. The Melbourne correspondent ot the Mail wri'es;—I don't think I ever sympathised more with a personal- disappointment which did ns; sfi&ct; myself than 1 didjwith that of the clever author of Branches from, the Mail Routes when he reached the Cataract of Ijipdorej, and found it only an advertising squirt, which was permanently short of water. Southey has looted us shamefully, and I hope his penalty will be that iu future his illusioaary account of its dashing, and splashing, and crashing will be banished from, the curriculum of the school elocutionist Possibly to some select spiritualistic circle he wUI protest, of course us$rammatically-~fbr authors make a poiut mi eschew,, ing'theit.'prolessional instiuots when speaking through, mediums—against the- set diet, but the omniscient Kingston can be hacked againv a dozen ghosts,, and lipdote- will in future have to be. regarded a& a dribble. Tbe case against Mr. Chasles Gambetta, mining manager o£ the Great Southern tJompwy, for neglect of daigr^ whereby two miners named Uhrbrock and Hilton,, were severely injured in. September last, was heard at the Sandhurst P-olio« Court Monday^ Mr. Strickland conducted the. prosecution^ and Mu-. Helm appeared on the defendant's • behalf. The evidence showed that the ground should have beea timbered in order to render it safejfor working, although some of the witnesses stated, tha aacident would have happened whether the ground was timbered or not. The Inspector of Mines stated he had given warning of the ground beings unsafe without timber in, May last. The bench came to the conclusion that negligence had been showai^ and inflicted a fine of £20, £15 ta be paid to. Uhrbrock, and £5 «-o Hilton. Costs, were also-givea to the amount of £4 19s. TBKEERijroB —Sfc Matthew Burnett has com" menced a fbctcight's visit to the ci y of Fitzrov For the purpose <»f giving him a hearty welcome * meeting was held on Saturday evening in th„ Kteroy Town HaU,the-major Ob J?. T. Ewns) presiding. There were about 300. persons present. A ddresses were delisnred by .the Hev.lialph Bcown (who represanted Brunswict churchVMeajre Porter, K. Bern, E. Strange, and several other gentlemen^ besides delegates lram wipns temp t- ance societies, around Melbourne, Mr Bwnett, in < rising to address the meeting, was. enthu^iastiUlly cheered for some time.. He very heartily thjsnied those gentlemen who had: received hitn, sa cerdiallv ! and stated the reasons of Us not appearing in thei city of Fitzroy before. He was Jfatened to atten-' tively throughout. During the evening temperance 1 strieeat Sandhurst. t m namber'of miu^ri Bo^. tin strike is the tetiejiae, 't»«jt,^pmvfjbe Empire ^Ughma^r iudlV^'dtiaifi^jf Amalgamated cdtDpaniea.^ Thh.^tnlie-fieems as far from being ended as e'v.er,'4)it no fresh complications have arisen. [ At the committee meeting of the associa- .tion. held on^Saturday morning a letter was received "from the men employed at tbe ;Sou tlx-Victoria.ReefAmalgaoftaied^-aaking ^ the same privileges as the other miners on strike. It appears that these tneu. to get to workw feet Claim, and thatheing stopped, they were' unable to get to their w'ork^ftMliei pastfort-, night al'Congh their notice "did not "expire until Saturday., lit was resolved- these; five menehould receive the saine allo,wance as if ordinary on strike daring \hai peried. A letter was received from the two men who had struck work in, the Empire Amalgamated shaft,, stating theu- neasoi)& for-, so doing. The-Qomnutee- taking the- circumstances, of the case. into, consideration exonerated the men. £tom. blame. Sixxeen, mine« .froni the Victoria ConsolB Gompauy will repast thea,- «elves as. being out on atrike to-da.y The number- qf .men.oa. strike .'will be- reduced to about thsee hundred to-morrow by wme oJE thft njcsn, taking; tributes, «nd conn tracts.. At the.close. of (he meeting of. the association oa Saturday evening if was reported that the men sicking the shaft i>f the Carlisle North, Garden,. Gully and Passby United, who. bad struck >on: the reduction-of their wages from, 10s. to per week, had taken the workof sinking tha shaft, on contract. 1-he company gave the- men the price they asked., and agreed to, pay "8s. per ebiffrshould thjsy require- any men on qtagea lor sinking operations. It. was also nepocteAtLat a nuaiber of the tuen ou Btrike would, resume -wock on contract and tribute, principally the latter, with the object of re-- ducing the- nombe'ii ot men on strike, so as to aelisve- the- pressure on the strike, funds. Xhene. is still no, prospect of- the strike beijDg-- ended,, and both: miners, and mine- OQtneK& are equally 6jm. in their determination noji to, give in. Eight men. reported themselves, at the of&ce; ot the association yesterday, fcoin tl^e Empire Amalgamated Ciitopanj, and twelve from the Victoria Consois.. The-other men. on strike reported themselves as. usual. At the meeting of the committee held yesterday, a. telegram was received irom the Climes. Association forwarding £513, in aid of tbe Sandhurst strike fund. The donation was received, and a letter of tbauk^ ordered to, be forwarded to the Cluces. Association, and to the secretary,. Mr Henry Taylor, for the action he had, taken in. -tbe matter. A letter was Mceiv.ed from, tbe fjiglehawk Branch. Asso-*. ciation, lorwardtng £40 towards tbe strike fund, providiag no general stcike took place at gjeseux. 