OOMPBOltlSE is said to -be the essence of good government; and a compromise is, therefore, the dnty of the Government when endeavoring to settle the reform question next session. This is the burden of the song chanted by Opposition writers aver since the recess commenced; and it ' echoed and re- echoed-os the public platform by all those speakers who address themselves to Ae same side of the subject. Has not, we are asked, the British Constitution been developed "by moderation ? Has it not been amended step by step nntil it has attained to a condition which makes it the admiration of all beholders ? Clearly, say Opposition writers and speakers, all this most be eudoraed by die student of history j and hence the wisdom of perfecting onr Constitution after the same fashion,most be readily and logically conceded. Of coarse there is no denying that the Constitution of Great Britain has been liberalised steadily and by degrees; although there have been changes wrought in this respect which were not nuatteoded with violence and commotion. Taking only comparatively late dates, tha Beform&tion;, the beheading of Chables I.,, the dethronement of JAMES II., the restrictions which were imposed npon the actions of two of the Georges, and the passing of the.Baform Bill in 1832, all of which led to those reforms whidl the British Constitution has of late years undergone, but which is by no means complete as yet, were not of the most peaceful character. On the contrary, they were very serious and alarming disturbances indeed while they lasted. and, compared to anything that has occurred here on the same subject since, were as a tornado sweeping over half the globe to a storm in a teapot. Nevertheless, we readily admit that the British Constitution has been, on the whole, gradually improved on the basis of compromise between the two or more rival parties into which the population of Great Britain is divided ; and there is no denying so clear and historical a proposition. Bat what, we ask, does this prove, or rather how does - it apply to oar case? In no particular Is it applicable to onr circumstances, as the least reflection will show. The people, as we apply the expression here, never had any electoral control over the affairs of England, and what is "more, never nntil last year aspired to this position. The straggles were all through between the patrician and middle classes; the working classes, so far as the results to themselves were concerned, having no haod or part in the contests. Whatever changes were brought about benefited the latter nothing electorally. Therefore, to all intents and purposes, the working classes, all through the efforts which have been made to liberalise the British Constitution, have been little else, practically speaking, but gazers on the strife, or mere outsiders from the canflirip. Compromise was bound to be the result of constitutional changes under such conditions as these. It has been to the interests of neither the aristocratic nor the middle dasa party to. bring about anything like an organic change in the system by which the whole community was governed. Hence the graduaJ .and slow development that has taken place in the British ConBti tution, about winch Opposition writers and is are so grandiloquent and gashing. Bat onr case is totally different to dl thie. Here the working classes are part and parcel of'the electoral power of the Commonwealth. Here we have gone to the fullest extent that ia possible in a democratic direction with the voting power of the nation. All classes stand on the same footing in this reapect—all men are electorally equal. Here, then, we have attained to a position when we can logically say that we mast have a Constitution at once that will meet the wants of the whole community, irrespective of sectional prejudices; and in •his pregnant fact Ues aU the difference there is' between onr case and that of tin British people. We have reached the goal which they are only straggling to attain. We have got the foundation on which the superstructure bas to b« rased, vhile tbey have not got anything so complete—they are noteven near it yi*; and herein lies the mighty difference there is betweep the two ;ases. Itisabsnrd, then, to .contend that because the British Constitution lias been developed by degrees,' we ocght to imitate thatexamjle. .It is absurd to talk about a compromise in thls case at all. The point ia to frame and-pass a Constitution, as speedily at possible, that will suit the requirements of the people as a whole, aa one body, laying all qaestaona of class interest! aaida. For where manhood snffrage pmraila, no class distinctions, no el ass wants, electorally ApeaMng, ehoold be thought of or recognised for. a moment. Otherwise manhood saSrage'wooId be little die than a sham, a mockery,'and a delusion. Not anything," therefore, coold be clearer, or more strongly deductive from the electoral system that we possess, than that the doty of the Government and the Legislature is to lay aside all idea of compromise, and frame each a Constitution as the majority of the community desire. Reasoning on tfess basis, it matters not whether the change devised has or has not the sympathy of the wealthy, or the approval or otherwise of the working classes, standing alone. Does it carry with it the endorsement of the majority of the community ? is the only question to be considered ; and if it does, then it ought to be adopted. This is the only correct view ior the Government and Parliament to take of this question next session, and from it we hope there will be no departure. THE Australian Insurance and Banking Becord is certainly a fur production, although it is tainted with that weakness of the Opposition, winch goeB by the name of party madness. It is, therefore, with some regret that we see this paper harshly attack Major SMITH for the remarks made e by that gentleman last Friday week on the subject of banking statistics; and the mote particularly does this feeling arise, because the Becord is all abroad with its conclusions. The statement made by Major SMITH was that the Retard of the preceding month had stated that "the advances made by the banks in 1878 were £63,000 less than in the previous jnbar; that the writer had arrived at this reault by taking the worst quarter of 1878 and com- paring it with the best quarter of 1877 ;" whereas, " had he reversed the "order by taking the best quarter of 1878 and the worst quarter of 1877, there would have been a difference in favor of last year juf £270,000; but comparing the whole of last year with the preceding year, it gave £1,000,076 increase in the amount of advances." The question arises whether, had the Board done what Major SMITH suggested, as regards the best and worst quarters, the comparison wonld not have been equally incomplete ; and there can be no doubt it would. But without stopping to discuss this point, there can be DO question, ronndly speaking, that Major SMITH was quite right in what be dwelt upon, and this is proved by the Record's own figures, as shown by the following table:— Quarters ending Quarters ending 1877. 1878. 81st March 420,010,870 _ f22,77i,651 SOth June .„.„„ 21,184,078 _ 22,475,592 30th September— 22.142,565 _ 22,377,863 list December _ 22,493,261 _ 22,430,828 It will thus be seen that when the December quarters are compared, a decrease, as against 1878, is brought oat of £6.2,938, as the Becord shows. But the true explanation of this ia the - aeal with which the banks have been drawing in their advances for the last six or nine months. and, therefore, this decrease proves nothing whatever on the political aide of the qui tion. It does not show that the " Bebby blight," on which the Becord of the previona month laid so much stress, had injured the ordinary industries of the community. It simply shows that the banks did, towards the end of last year, what they are accus tomed to da periodically, namely, draw in some of their money; and, therefore, it ia quite worthless as a point in this discussion. But taking the two years throughout, Major Smith's argument. is proved to demonstration. There was an increase in the advances during the first three months af 1878 of £3,762,281; in the next three months of £1,341,514; and in the quarter ending September of £234,279, Thetotalaum here represented is£4,338,e74. We have simply then to deduct the decrease In. tha December quarter, or £62,933, from this amount, and divide by four, to see what the average increase during the year was. Proceeding on this bans, then, we find the increase all round 'was £1,068,785, or £68,709, in excess of what Major SMITH put it down at; and these figures show at once roundly pat, the justice of the Treasurer's observations. The Btcord has consequently defeated its own case by its own figures. It has, in fact, substantiated Major Shith's contention by its own atstistics. This is the logical conclusion of what it has to say in reply to Major Shith's speech; and its figures will stand no other deduction. Major SMITH, it will be observed by the quotation given.above, took the whole year, and not a part, for his.reply; The accuracy or otherwise of his reply must, therefore, be tested on this basis, and not upon any fresh view which the Becord chooses to introduce. Ganged, then, by this standard, Major Suite is chown to have been quite right in what he said, and the Becord to be just aa hopelessly wrong in its rejoinder. The English mail steamer was sighted off Albany, Western Australia, yesterday, at noon. This is the vessel by which Mr Beny is returning to Victoria. The Hons. 3. Woods, Commissioner o[ Bailira^a, and F. Lonffmore, Commissioner of Lauds, passed' through Ballarat yesterday morning, aa route for StawelL The hoD. gentlemen will return to Ballarat this morning, and aa. the special will stop here, it is likely, that Ur Woods tht&ids; making some arrangements with regard to the locomotive sheds. . The Acting Premier sentus the following telegram last night:—"The Bon. Graham Berry telegraph! from King George's Sound that he is in much better health, and probably will arrive in Melbourne cn next Tuesday." . A meeting of (he shareholders of the Australian and European Bank,.and depositors in the local branch, was held in thd lecture- room of the Mechanics' Institute yesterday morning. About eighty persons attended, and the chair was taken by Mr Umphelby, one of the directors—Messrs W.B. Shaw, one of the committee at enquiry; Mr J. M*Cutcfaeon, tbe general manager; and Ur Honum, the local manager, alao bong present. The chairman and Messrs Shaw and M'Catcheon briefly reviewed the condiSonof the bank's affairs. The meeting was vexy unanimous in its expressions of confidence In tbe management of the tank and its desire that it should continue ia operation. Ur M-Cutcheon, in reply to a question, stated that he believed die bank woald be In a condition to resume operations on Monday morning next, and the announcement was received with applause. A vote of confidence in the manager and directors, snd approval of their action, was proposed by Mr J. M'Leod, a luge depositor In the bank, and carried unanimously. At tbe close of the meeting an agreement between the depositors and tbe management, which will be found in another column with tbe report of the meeting, was signed, with one or two exceptions, by everyone present. The bank will be at once open for the leccSptbf further signatures, and we tmderatand that fonr^flfths of .the local deposits, inauding all those of any magnitude, are already ngned for. It was announced, amongst othet signs of confidenoe, that one gentleman,-with a good credit current account haluice, evidenced his faith in the Institution by at once placing £500 on fixed deposit for twelve * . A rumor was current about sixteen days sgo. how originated we cannot say, that Simon Barker; wheelwright, of the Creswick road, had committed suicide. - An cnqniiy vaa made' at tbe time by some pressmen, bat nothing could be found to oonrm the report, nor ostduuy'newaaf Barker be obtslned. He luuTbeen dr&kinc; heavily, but aa be —— - —w. mwiict HWH uu m i uauuLS vil ot considered remarkable. HoOUng was heard of dm forsome time, and cases he had in the laaf sittings of ttie County Court were given agaiast im,a» he failed to appear. Yesterday mSning, however, two lads walking by the margin of Lake I w Wendouree, near tbe Agricultural Show-yards b pier, saw the body of a man lying in tbe water a ftg few yards out bom the edge. Assistance was procored, and on tha body being taken oat of the water it was identified as that of the missing man Barker. The remains were at once'conveyed to tbe Waterman's Arms hotel, where aa inquest was held in o the afternoon by Mr D. Ham, J.P. Fromtheevidence it wodld seem that tbe body had been akont three weeks in tbe water. Barker was last seen alive on the night of the 19th ultimo, when he called at the Princess Royal hotel, Macartbur street, and bad aome beer. He waa also, at his request, supplied with a box of sardines, opeaed, which he put in tbe pocket of his coat. When tbe remains were found the box of sardines, almost Intact, was found in tbe pocket of bis coat, from which fact it is surmised that deceased must have made bis way to the lake shortly after leaving tbe botel, and that he either fell into tbe water or purposely laid down in it, for where he was found it was little more than 2 feet deep. The medical endence stated that death bad been caused by asphyxia from drowning. Tbe verdict arrived at was that deceased was found drowned in the lake, but that these was no evidence to ehow bow be came there. Deceased leaves a widow and family, at present residing at Geelong. The case of Bebro and often v Barton and others, arising out of the Sovereign claim, has bean settled privately, to the satisfaction of both parties, and it is expected that before long everything at the claim will be in full work again. The coming election In next August for members of the Town Council is already agitating the minds of ratepayers, and several new candidates are mentioned, amongst others being Messrs Boff, W. D. M'Kee, E. Murphy. A. James, and J. P. Collins. The retiring councilors are Messrs Long, Williams, and Turpie, bat we understand the firstnamed gentleman does not Intend again to come forward. Mr Norbrun, who resides on tbe Haddon side of the Trunk lead, bad bis dwelling burglariously entered last Tuesday night, during bis absence at the Baceoonrse claim. The entrance was effected by the removal of some weatherboards, and a large box and the bedroom had evidently been •verhauled, as though someone had had a hurried search for something. It is supposed that money was tbe object sought, but there being none in the building, the visitor took a cut from a cake, and decamped by the door, which waa forced apen to effect an exit. - Mr Fiegeltanb sent us the following telegraim last sight:—"I have bought £10,000 worth of stock in the estate of J. B. Webster, for £4000. I opened yesterday. The country cannot be ao badly off, for the shop baa been mobbed since yesterday. I have had to Ret a policeman to keep customers oat, and ladies fainted from the pressure of the crowd. Have advertised for a number of assistants, snd will send a portion of tbe stock to Ballarat." A meeting of tbe Burrumbeet and Windermere, ploughing match committee was held at Comber's Two Bridges hotel, on Tuesday evening. Present —Messrs 3. Mitchell, D. Gtmn. 3. King, J. Moncrieff, B. White, S. King, J. M'Lellan, B. Comber. Mr D. Gunn waa elected chairman; Mr f. King, treasurer; and Mr 3. Moucrieff secretary. Proposed—" That a oommittee of the whole be formed, with Messrs H. C. Walker. Burrows, W. GUmore, M'Cubbin, and .Cole added." Carried. Messrs King, Mitchell, and Moncrieff were empowered, to select ground for the annual, match to be held on the 4th July. The next meeting of the committee will be held on Wednesday, the 18th iastant, when the committee will report about the ground, and all money collected will be handed in, and prize-list made out. Messrs Caselli and Gray, J.P, presided at the City Police Court yesterday, and dealt with one drunkard. The prisoner on the previous day denied the offence, and was, therefore, remanded. Yesterday tbe charge was fully proved, and she was fined 10s, or three days'imprisonment. At the Town Police Court, Mr Curtis, J .P., presided, and remanded Mary Hill and Annie Hendrickson for one day on a charge of vagrancy. Several of the ratepayers in the central ward, bang of opinion that a change of members is desirable in the City Council, bare determined to bring forward opposition at tbe next annual election, which takes place In August next, and we are informed tbat a requisition will be presented to Mr C. C. Shoppee, of Sturt street, requesting him'to become a candidate. At tbe monthly meeting of tbe Hospital committee, held last night, tbe question of the expediency of giving a ball in aid of the funds of the institution waa broached by tbe secretary. The members of the committee took the matter up in a most enthusiastic manner, and gave such promises of support to tbe movement that its suocess seems assured. A sub-committee, consisting of Messrs Goller, Clinton, Fitzgerald, Brown. Anderson, Salter, and Vr Nicholson, who have power to add to their number, was appointed to consider the wBys and means, and to report thereon to the general committee. Tbe success . which has hitherto attended the Hospital ball annually held in .tbe metropolis, gives promise that the movement here' will not be without a result gratifying in •very way to those connected nth it. They estimated each other much, very much, did two well-known gentlemen of good repute in the town, who carried on in Sturt street tbe following amorous dialogue:—No. 1—"When I'm a JJP., and you get your deserts and come before me, youli get more of your deserts." Ho. 2—" If before long you get your deserts, yon will be toiling at the lake with the broad arrow on your habili menta, and will never, never bavs an opportunity of fining me 40s and take ae away." They adore each other still with the same poetic fervor, and it is thought that if one of them was very ill, the other would send a second doctor to reduce tbe chances to a certainty—at Least, he might. On Wbit Monday a basaar waa opened at the Mechanics' Institute, Snake Valley, Carsgham, for tbe purpose of paying off the debt—a little over £100—remaining on the nfw brick church erected by the congregation of;tbe Church of England. On tbe day of opening, a large quantity of useful and fancy goods were displayed for sale. Tbe stalls were presided~aver by the following ladies:—Uesdamea Wendt, Howarth Dawson, Salt, Coulsou, Wright, Fox, Phillips Wendt CJun.), and Weitbenlt; assisted by tbe Misses Burdett, Weitherilt, Armstrong (2), Morcombe, Martin, Dooley, Last, and Walton. The refreshment stall was presided over by Meedames Whittakerand Cross. Selections of vocalandinstrumental music waa given each evening by the following ladies and gentlemenThe Misses Edwards, Halse, Davies and Armstrong; Messrs Webster, Morcombe, Fox, Moreland, Burge, Stevens, and Master -Kirkpatrick. Mrs Jones presided at the pianoforte. Tbe sale waa continued on Tuesday, tbe 3rd, and Saturday, the 7th. The stalls were nearly cleared of all the articles by half-past ten on Saturday evening, when one of the committee thanked tbe vinton for their patronage, and tbe .crowded assemblage gave three cheer* for tbe ladies, and joined heartily with the choir in singing '"God save tbe Queen." The baasar has been a great success, aa it will enable the building committee to pay off all their liabilities, except a few -POundB.. Ur Wilson, of Mount Emu, gave a donation of S3 in aid of the church building fund. An assistant teacher named Latimer, connected with the Macedon State school, bas been arrested for committing a capital offence upon one of tbe female pupils, a child only nine yean and firs months old. The secretary of the Scarsdale Public Library wishes it to be distinctly understood that it waa entirely through the exertions of Mr D. M. Davies. MX. A., that the Government was induced to preseut the library with Professor M'Coy's works, namely,, "The Geological Snrvey of Victoria," and " The Natural History of Victoria." The usual meeting of the Barkly Street Mutual Improvement Association was held on Tuesday evening last, there being a good attendance.. Mr Bell, Vice-president, occupied tbe chair. Miss Bussell reads very interesting essay on " Babyton —a very creditable production. Several memben took part in the discussion, and after a vote -et thanks toUwfalr essayist had been passed, the meeting closed with tbe benediction. A ball and snpper, in celebration of the,golden wedding of tbe Emperor William of Germany, t 0 ° p ™£ llut E 'S ht at the Phoenix hotel, Barkly street. There were about twenty couples ariaent, Hr Clotz being the M.C, and the festivities were kept up till a late hour. A spedal meeting of the United Protestant Ai- •Mtauon, at which all friends are invited, will take place tha evening, at eight o'clock, at tbe Mechanics. lecture-room, to consider business of Importance. Tbe Hibernian Society bold their cuarteriv meeting this evening, when members tf insS are requested to be present, in order that they may 7 be returned financial for quarter. . "t meeBng of the Excelsior Tent, for IOJL wffl * " ^ aZ5S®fS"" ,, ™ achof the Australian Natives' Awociation will meet at Craig's hotel this evening, at half-past; seven, for the tranaaction of o t S business and the nomination of officers. A committee meeting of tbe National Berorm League wiU be hdd at Mr JenkhrfoBtaJVafcV Comer, thia evening, at eighto'dori. Pioneer Jmeani TenVKo. 8, LOJB, wiH meet this evening far the nomination of officers. of tf^thelr fMUren a feast t * ^ f"™ • noticethat appears dse- Mr. D'Arcy Bad, of age, Accompanied by their parents, will' ho admitted &e;» to witnewL art onderful ghost entertainment This arrangement as been made by Ur Bead in order that Iitth olka may not be deprived of an opportunity to see his peculiar exhibition, as be cannot arrange to iv® an afternoon performance. The inaugural meeting of the South Ward branch f tbe National Reform League will be held in the Friendly .Societies' Hall, Skipton street, next Friday evening, at eight o'clock. The Hon. W. c Smith, Ur Fincham, Ur Bell, Mr Mirams, in j other members of Parliament, will address tha meeting. Messrs David Syme and Co., proprietors of the Age and Leader, have issned a very haHdy "work entitled "The Selector's Handbook." It contains a copy of the Land Acts of 1869 and 1878—in the latter caae witli lengthy notes added, tbe new regulations issued under both acta, the Fencing Act, Impounding Act, and other information. This is a work that every adector would do well to obtain, as it will be found most instructive and useful to that class of colonists. " The Selector's Handbook" is published at tbe moderate price of • a copy. Intending exhibitors at the Sydney^International Exhibition are requested to send their applications for space to Ur J. Webb, hon. secretary, S Sturt street, as speedily as they can find it convenient to do so. The reception of Mr Berry (says the Herald) is to -be carried out on a graad scale. . At present, no final arrangements have been made, but members of the Beform League and tbe Trades' Union are busy in preparing a good programme. The Ministers will go down to the Heads in tbe Victoria and meet Mr Berry, who will get on board that vessel with bis colleagues, and land at Williamstown, when a special train will convey Mr Berry and his friends to Spencer street Here an addreis is to be delivered, which will emanate from the Beform League and Trades' Union. A procession after this is spoken off, but it is doubtful if this suggestion will be complied with. Ministers have left the matter entirely, in the hands of the Beform Leagne and others to carry out the proposed pro. gramme, and it is anticipated that they will do credit to it The banqueting business has already been alluded to, and at tbe Parliamentary banquet given by Mr Berry's ardent supporters, tbe chief of tbe Liberal party will, no doubt, give vent to expressions, which he will reserve for such an occasion, as-well as give a full account of his mission to Downing street The Creswick Advertiser is glad to report that 'the long standing forest dispute, between Messrs Anderson Brothers and Messrs Crowley and Fits- patrick l> at an end. On Tuesday the firmreceived favorable' proposals of settlement from the Minister ef Lands, which were" accepted, so work will be at once resumed at the mills. Tbe traffic manager of the Victorian Bailways (says the, Age) is engaged preparing a scheme which will be submitted to the Minister of Bailways for consideration, f?r bringing into operation a better and more convenient system than the'one now in use for carrying passengers' luggage. One of tbe main features in the scheme will be to bava all luggage delivered at whatever address is desired, with the least possible delay and inconvenience to passengers, who art to be freed from the trouble of personally superintending the despatch of their luggage. The Telegraph regrets to learn that Lady Normanby*s health has suffered a serious relapse,and that on Tuesday her ladyship was confined to her room in a critical condition. Tbe Argus says that Dr U'Crea, tbe chief medical officer, retires from the service at the end of tbe month. In addition to his medical duties, he was president of tbe Central Board of HealS and of tbe Mprtinti Board ol Victoria, and cbair. man of the Police Superannuation Board and of the Police Medical Board. The salary attached to the office was £900 per annum, and under the Civil Service Act Dr MKTrea, being over sixty years of age. Is entitled to an allowance ef £410 per annum. He bas been rather more than twentyseven yean in the service. In dealing with this vacancy, tbe Government have the intention of dividing the duties, and effecting a aaving in the revenue. No definite arrangement, however, will be made until the return of Ur Berry. As showing the bardabips inflicted by tbe failure of the City of Glasgow Bank a correspondent of the Telegraph writing by tbe Aconcagua says:—" The liquidators have resolved to maiu a . second call upon tbe ahareholdera of £22S0 per share, payable on the 22nd May. Tbis enormous demand will Jcomplefce the ruin of the few shareholders whose means enabled them to meet the previous call of £600 per share. The liquidators state that the accounts of the bank still sbow a deficiency of £6,100,000. One of thB unfortunate shareholders of the bank is tbe Bev. J. B. Scoular, of Glasgow. His creditors have accepted ia composition of fid in tbe £. Of his liabilities £38,517 8s 8d, all bnt tbe odd £17 9s Sd, was far caiis by the liquidator!.™ Mr W. II. Smith, the well-known bookseller and First Lord ot tbe Admiralty, caricatured in H.M.S. Pinafore, though he rose (says the Herald) almost from the lotrly position attributed to him in the Admiral's song, ia now powerful and influential. He lately brought tbe mighty Times itself to his knees. That journal published an article which Mr Smith considered an unfair reflection on his Government, and he demanded a retraction of its atatements from the management, which was refused. " Very well," said tbe ex-office-boy, " the Timet is excluded from the book-stall of evesy railway station in the United Kingdom." Tha " men of tbe Times " saw that the First Lord was master of the situation, and the following morning the great organ owned- its imprudenoe in adopting the course it had. It seema there ia a son of the great German foundryman at Bendigo. The Bendigo Independent says:—"Tbe announcement made in Tueeday'e issse, relating to tbe visit of Herr Krupp and party, caused no small surprise in Sandhurst, especially amongst our German citizens. Herr Krupp arrived bere in an unassuming sort of manner, simply to travel for bis own pleasure and information. The manufactory owned by his father in Essen, Prussia, it appears, tarns out s variety of iron and steel work, besides artillery and other instruments of destruction. Henceweleam that the firm will be luge exhibitors of artillery, wire ropes, and steel ware &f; different descriptions at the forthcoming international exhibitions in Sydney and Melbourne." The Melbourne correspondent of tbe Canyxrdoion Chronicle is responsible for the following:— During the run on the City Bank, one shareholder, old Tommy Sonsghsn, came down in a cab with 40,000 sovereigns in two big canvas bags. Another shareholder, Mr W. J. Clarke, calmly informed tbe crowd that there was no danger whatsoever-to the interests of the depositors; for if £150.000 was necessary to meet aQ demands, he would deposit that amount iniash. Tbis quieted tbe crowd, and all became calm in a moment. Tbe Age understands that a gentleman has recently arrived in Melbourne who intends to claim one acre and a quarter at land in tbe vicinity of Swans ton and Little Collins streets. He bas with him papers which it Is asserted are sufficient to prove bis claim. Tbe value of the property is about £200,000. If tbe terms wbich the claimant oSera are not acceded to by the present holders ot the land in dispute, a very protracted lawsuit may be anticipated. Constable Perry, id Horsham, together with Detective Dowden, passed through Stawell (says the P. C. Newt) on Tuesday night ea route from Horsham to Melbourne, for the purpose of taldag further etepa in the caae of B. W. Bennett, who is at present under arrest by the Tasoanian police for forgery in Victoria, and is awaiting tha amvalof tbe necessary extradition warrant The warrant for Bennett's arrest bas been issned at the instigation ot' Mr Hiodisarch, a farmer of Jong - Jung, who it appears bad borrowed some JES2 from Bennett, for which two acceptances were given. These are alleged to hare baen afterwards altered to £600 and £250 respectively, but we understand that it is only upon tbe flnt-meniioned amount that the warrant in this case haa been issued. The peculiar feature in tbe case is that, although the money was borrowed to pay the selector's rent, itappears that the payment was never made, so that Hindmarch haa been got at in a double manner. It is broadly asserted that when tba tsiai comes «n - some startling revelations will be made, and that evidence will be forthcoming criminating other parties well known in the Wimmera district Up to Tuesday night (says the Argvt) over 200 depositors in the Australian and European Bank had signed -the agreement come to at the meeting on Monday, and tbe signatures represent deposits amounting in tbe aggregate to £160,000. The now generally accepted term of "larrikin" (remarks the Telegraph), as applied to idle and dissolute youths, was invented in the city police court by Sergeant Dalton, its derivation being the verb to lark. On Tuesday, in the same court, a witness in a robbery case, upon being asked by an attorney what his occupation was, replied that he was "marining," which, being interpreted, was found to mean that he was a gatherer of rags, boots, and bottles, which he disposed of to a marine store. The model of a new safety-cage, invented by Mr Joseph Williams, an old resident of Stawell, waa exhibited (aaya tbe P. C. Nan) privately on Tuesday evening to a few persons interested in mining pursuits. The invention haa tt» merit of being of aa entirely novel description. Tbe shell of the cage ia, of ceurse, similar to those nowin use, but fromtto drop- bolt is suspended a kind of balance "which, when in operation, works upon wedges. The action of the cage when in constant work would appear ta be easy and entirely free bom friction, but ahould the" rope break, or tha book become -detached, tbe arms of the balance id, and thai falling ast ao apon wedges as-to comprew tbe» mgiioit-tbe gkidi. The broad portions of the vedgee are if course downwaris, fit that the greater the weight there may be upon the cage, the gre will be the amount of resistance shown towards tage descending further. The model was fittedt with one of White's safety hooks, and the expe ments that were conducted were of a satisfacto kind. Immediately upon the hook becoming de tached, the wedges caught, and the stoppage w almost instantaneous. In one instance the rope accidentally parted, and the cage stood the tes vdL Mr Williams intends to place the mode cage under the inspection of the Acting Ministe •f Mines to-day, and it will doubtless come in'f that amount of consideration to which it would appear to be undoubtedly entitled. The appliance we understand, has no spring mechanism, and c be attached to almost any cage at a very triflin extra cost 