\ ASSAY DEPARTMENT, TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. Tin's department is opened for the "benefit of miners, prospectors-, and others interested in minerals. Replies will be made in these columns, and without charge, to questions as'to the .nature and commercial value of minerals and samples sent, ichera these can oe arrived at without, assay. Assays, determining the constituents of ores, will be made ivith tho utmost care, by a most experienced and competent assayer, at Hie folloioing rales, vis. ; Assays for gold, silver, copper, antimony, lead, tin, mercury, and zinc,or any one ? simple metal or mineral ... ? ... 10s Gd. Other and complicated determinations subject lo special agreement. Subscribers are informed that samples of mineral, weighing net over'4oz, maybe posted at a cost of 2d, from any part of the colony. A letter should in every case be posted, statina for what particular mineral the sample is to be examined, and wliether the result is to be communicated through the columns of this journal or by letter. The amount of assay should invariably accompany tho letter. Communications to be addressed, "Assay Depart- ment, TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL." W. A. N. (Stanthorpe).—The specimen has been assayed for gold and silver, and contains gold 1dwt 5gr per ton; silver, 5oz 8dwt 5gr per ton. T. M. B. (Boro)—We cannot possibly estimate the gold and silver in sample of pyrites without assay. Better send a larger sample. T. M. S.—We cannot understand your question. W. K. G. (Mogil Mogil)-John Cleeland. T. G. (Sofala)-Will appear in our " Notes and Queries " next wevk. ., W. H. (Montefiores)-It rests with the localbench of magistrates. H. S. (Peckham Rye)-No, you, cannot take up an additional purchase on the opposite side,of a creek. E. R. (Dalton)-Tlie correspondence on the subject is finished. C. O.-A wins. B's attempt to quibble is not creditable. E. Af.-Tau, must write to the Minister for Works for the information required. Myall Valley-We can hear of no collection of " Songs on Australia " in Sydney. T. D. B. (Rye Park)-The specimen, on furtlier examination, turns out to be a portion of a root. S. Y. asks what year the Wallaroo Copper Mine, in South Australia, was first opened?-1860. Ignorant-TJie " Leader." The price of advertise ment will be about 5s, according to length. J. M'X. asks-Who is the agent for immigration at Sydney ?-Mr. G. F. Wise. Nowendoc asks-Is there any reward for new gold fields at prese-nt ?-Yes. M. R. (Cooktown)-Your request has been complied icith. ^Anxious Enquirer-Seo answer to A. M. B. (Cas silis). W. C. (Wagonga)-We have posted tlie card of a land agent. R. G. (Wollar)-Consult Dr. Bowker, Charlotte place, Church-hill, Sydney. Cato asks-Can you inform mo if tho Ballarat Art Un ion lias yet been drawn, and if so did 10,G91 if iii a prize ?-The date of drawing is not yet fixed. Coal Cliff asks tvhether Auckland or Wellington is the capital of New Zealand?-Wellington ia the capital and seat of Government. J. P. (Burrawang, Cross Roads)-Yon should employ a respectable lund agent in Sydney, with the view of having the matter properly investigated. A. M. B. (Cassilis) asks-What judge was alBubbo in October in the year 1877 ; was it Judge Dowling ? No. It was Sir James Marlin. C. if. B. asks-Wliat is the charge per lino for poetry inserted in tho " Town and Country Journal " ? -5s per inch. Oalavood asks-What is the best remedy to apply to a bruise where thejlesh is discoloured, 'Jj'C, to? prevent ill effects in tho future?-Tincture of arnica. J. C. (Crown Creek) aslcs-What is the fare for a steerage passenger by one of the Melbourne Steamship Company's vessels from Sydney to Melboiirne ?-¿82. Comet-Your poetical effort is worthy of commenda tion. Endeavour to avoid such well-worn ideas; at the same time be perfectly natural. Insurance (South Brisbane)-Tlie European Insur ance Company was wound up many years ago. The final dividendwas paid about a month since. C. M. (Rocky Month)-You should communicate with the Minister for Lands regarding the case, and the information you require will be supplied. Tullah asks-Can you inform me whether there lias ever bean a fall of snow in Sydney ?-Yes, in June, 1836 ; and tn September, 1837. It was very slight. F. O'C. (Iluka)-The address of Professor Stanich is No. 6, Wynyard-squaro, Sydney. Wo cannot answer by post. J. M. (Singleton)-lb xviii only be waste of time troubling about deeds for tho allotment you won in 1819\. The lickabis now valueless. Eulah Creek-Four ticket is valueless, Do not trouble in the matter; it is rvasle of time and money. Soma of the land about Port Macquarie is valwablo. Homo asks-Is it lawful for the Lands Departmen t to cancel a reserve and proclaim it a reserve again, on the same day ?-Yes, if considered necessary, W. B. (Goonoo Goonoo)-A really good crop of opium gum on thc best land should wadi to from G0¿'¿ to 80lb. R. JJ. (Golspie)-Your land, 8kcliainsby (5J- chains (if square, which you do not say), contains 5 acres 32 perches. 1S79-(I.) No. (1.) B can obied, but if A sue« him il will be for the judge lo say whether Hie fence is a sufficient one. Oakwood asks-If my neighbours' fowls come into my yard and aro a nuisance, and my dog runs them down and injures, or xivcnkills them, is it worth while his testing the law ?-No. J. O. (Scone)-Steerage from london to Sydney, ¿eic for a man ; ¿23 /or a woman, Why not bring "àem out aa emigroniei\for: «fat* 'dNfor ¿5 f Annhi Wwe, Immigration Agent, Hyde Park; Sydney, Y. A". (Burragorang)--Tour plant is Amarantus' oleráceas.. A commmon weed, of no use.; Jiutmiaht serve as a vegetable in starvation times, as itis not in. any way deleterious. , ; , Old Hand asks the name of the first person who free- selected land in the Glen Innes or Inverell district, and the date of selection?-Octavius Arthur Henderson selected at Wellingrove 11th February, 1862. D- e-J17^,? ^a(mJ-Tou had better advertise in one of the Melbourne weekly newspapers, offcrinn n small reward to anyone giving you information of your friend's death. . A Sufferer (Green Valley)-The best advice we cari give you is to consult a doctor. Six or, sevenrooms.buti the}¡ must be satisfactory to the justices, .andi with^ their approval, a less number would pass. C. T. (Moore Parle)-Tour question has been answered nearly avery weak for the last seven weight years. Pea out the skins, and rub the flesh side witli powdered ? alum and saltpetre. ? ???? . < , r ' Kempsey Fo-nj asks-Wlien will Ihe töll or dues Jo ' chargeable again, or whenicillthepuntbeleasedaguin by the Government ?-This matter rests with the Legis- ' lative Assembly. , ', , :t My all Valley-There is no bool: of songs yet ,pub lished on Australian topics. Tliere are several separ ate compositions, by different writers; which may le:., had from the music sellers. ' ' H. 0. M. (Glebe Point) asks-If thc Executive' Council decide that the men are' to be reprieved and" the Governor dissents, and says they are to be hanged has lie tliepower to order their execution?-Yes. ', . Tr. B. (Blayney) asks-What is th e fare from Bns bann lo Sydney, and do they call at Newcastle ?-Fare : Saloon, £L 10a; steerage, £2 10s. Steamers do not1 call at Newcastle or any' other port. A. B. C. (Michelago) asks-Where can Ipurchaseá ; book or pamphlet of receipts for making cordials, such as syrup, peppermint, cloves, E. R. Cole's, George- street; price 19s, post free. Castle Hill asks-Can any sculler challenge Trickett to row for the championship alone without making any wager, and if Trickett declined to row must he for feit the championship ?-Se must row for money. The usual stake is £200. ¡ G.R. B. T. (Fiji) asks-Wliat rs the price per yard of wire netting, largest g uage, and where can I obtain , its widest recruired?-Largest guage 2 inches; price, 8dj per yard; at Lasseltcr ¿md Co.'s, George-street,' Sydney. ' ' " "? '. T. B. (Crooktvell) asieseis tliere a torvn at the Sastings, cost of a piassagc there by steamer from Syd ney, and how long would it take to go there ?-Port Macquarie is the town. A 2>a9sage may begot by pass ing steamers to Port Macquarie for 30s. X. 3f.' Z.--Defend the action under these circum stances. Tlie /oncer did not canij out his contract, and is not in our opinion entitled to recover upon a quantum meruit, ' A Novice in Poultry Breeding asks-How many hens are ge-nerally allowed for one rooster ; and how much wheatper day per head would suffice for shut-up /piuis, along with plenty of garden stuff finely choppedf -rFive to seven hens. ' About a gill. Glue asks-Would you, please inform me what is fish glue, where it canbe obtained, and at what price? -Gelat ine or isinglass made from cartilaginous fish. From SJ. io 2s per lb; or even more for highly refined, qualities. Fair Play asks-My neighbour owns land adjoining a Government reserve, wh ich lias not been fenced tins six or eight years. Is there any possible means of forcing him to fence on boundary between him and, reserve?-No. W. R. F. (Marulan) asks-Please decide the follow ing : My father died yeàrs ago, but my mother is still living. If she dies withou t a will, who succeeds to the property, there being several children and all above 21 years of age ?-Thc children equally. G. O. (Jinglo Creek) asks-Can'I by any means get two or more acres for a business site on a Government stock reserve. Who am I to apply to and how shall I go about the matter ?-Apply to the Minister for Lands for a lease. W. J. (Marulan)-Weight of brain is not neces sarily an evidence of intellectual superiority, although generally an accompaniment of it. The locality in which it was said that " Fisher's Ghost" was seen ia the Campbelltown road, about 31 miles from Sydney. ' Inquisitive aslcs-If two persons, as partners, ¡ree select GIO acres of land as a conditional purcluise, would it be legal if they resided on it week about ? No. They mvlst both reside continuously on the land for the period required by law, namely, three years. W. F. (Wingen) asks the fare from Sydney to San Fra7icisco, second class, from there by train to Phila delphia : aUo how lonq it would talce to get there ? No second class ; £2ft third class. Twenty-eight days San Francisco, six days Philadelphia. B. (Glen Innes)-Having selected two months ago next to J), who selected two years ago, and erected a fence thereon , B tuants to know ivhether he is liable to pay half of the fence, or can I) claim any compensa tion of any kind?-Yes, he is liable. J. R. (Ulamambri) aslcs-Where can I obtain the "Ladies' Journal" and "Family Herald," and at what cost?-"Ladies' Journal," 18s 6d, post free; and the "Family Herald," Hs, post free, at E. R. Cole's, George-street. P. 0. J. (Currabubula) asks-As I intend visiting the International Exhibition, b ut will only stay for a short lime, say one month, as I will only go for sight* seeing, <$-c, io Uh no business to do, what date would you recommend me to arrive in Sydney ?-About tho middle of December. Freeholder asks-I have a paddock through which a road runs, not a measured one. There is a neto ron* measured outside the paddock, and money voted for-ta repair. Can I lock my gates and_compel the Iraßia to go on this road?-No. Apiarian.-Yon cannot go wrong, for bee pastures; in any direction between G 'and20 miles from Sydney ; but northwards and southwards are better directions than westward; Lane Cove, the upper paris of Miaaf* Harbour, and Lower George's River being about tua best and equally good. Quartz (Back Creek) auks-Can the creditors .of a man who has suffered imprisonment for fraudulently solvency come oil him again, or has the insolvent to get . a cor!ideate for protect ion?-Everything he acquires unt il he gels a certificate belongs to his official assignee for his creditors. , Omega (Narrabri) asks-What'monlh and year aid lim ship named the Lady Kennoway arrive m ¿>!/«»«'J with Government emigrants. To make sure, as l oo lieve she came moro than once, the priest that came ow in charge was named Father Parker ?-Arrived oi* August 12,1833. No record of Father Parker. A. M. (Germanton) asks-Can a man hold a publi can's license who has been convicted and sentençca. iv eighteen months for fraudulent insolvency '-¿"i facts would comliiida a very good ground Jor rejitbmj io g'ràtltîti The' matter is in the discretion of the fnajistrates'' : ? . 7 N B. (Horeelah) asks-Could yaw inform me n Ju.AK vo'ur columns when the Ballarat Art Union is tl te drawn, and whether you think it is a lona fido ffitfr " It nas been postponed so often that ¿no is ZitificU in -being suspicious ?-It is a bona fide affair, M%day ofdrawingis not yet fixed. , , : Oma (Blackwall) asks whether it is thc intention ( the Council of Education to grant any holidays'to ïaàcrs during thc time of the Exh ibition opening? n%e Council has not yet decided, but we believe some Provision will bc made to give holidays to the teachers Itthattime. .,; T'O (Young) asks-I have a selection of 320 acres Hattis cut in two by a road running through it. There U also a road running on the outside of my selections in tlie same direction: Can I purchase the road that iiviSèsmy land?-Apply for. information regarding fas matter io the Minister for Lands. . E'B. (Booligal) asks-Which is the proper time to oritiio orange and loquat trees?-In your district We «LuZá »rune about Julyor not later than August, bid ?),«/. should -never bo pruned .'while suffering from ¡rovaht,orwhen groivth rs inactivo. They are then ¡east able to bear thc check. ' ^ W D. (Turee Creek) asks-I. selected 320 acres of Union July 6,187G, and il is not surveyed yet. The turreyor who measured the-land adjoining mine' told «wthathe had not the application thatI made. W1w\ ¡^oúU I apply to?-Communicate with the Minister' for Lands, and request that the survey of your pur ¿luise may-be expedited. R. L. M. (Tooma, Uuppcr Murray)' asks-(lj My son tele'ds 220 acres, he being a miner, and has left me. Çaii<I, as his father, Iran.ijer the land to one of his Irotle'rswith or without his consent?-No, the land cannot be transferred until your sort comes of age. (2) jyhérc can I procure the " Wedding Bells?"-At E. Í. Cole's, George-street. ; . ,, QÏG.M. asks-Some time ago a neighbour of mine applied for a selection; which he was informed he could not have. Another man fenced it in, believing it tole his, and the other day Hie man who first applied Íor it was informed from tho Lands Office that it was \i¡, ¡ Can he claim the fence which the other has put tip on the land?--Yes. . . . Sloucher asks-Aman sets poison within a few hun ireiyards of~niy place, and a valuable dog, my pro perty, gets poisoned,: Will you kindly inform if he is justified in so doing without first informing me ?-He can set poison on his own ground, but not in such a wy.otto attract strange dogs. His liability depends upon' whether he has acted in disregard of the above. J.'P. E. (Lawson) asks-Will you or any pf your reader* kindly inform mo where a copy of tho woolwork pattern entitled " The Kiss of Judas " is to be obtained, and what would be probable cost of same ?-27M? price of the pattern yoxi reauire is 25s, but we cannot ascer tain if it is to be had tn Syihieg. Perhaps some ofoiir readers may oblige you. Jmncß Spring-Mr. McDonnell supplies the follow ing,'to. prepare phosphorise'd oil :-Put one part of phosphorus, with six »arts of olive oil, into a Florence, fiasl, ? Let the mixture remain in a gentle sand heat for two hours. Cork it well, and keep tlie solution in a dark place. Remove the cork when illumination is required. G..B. B.'T. (Wai Balábala, Fiji) asks-Can you qm a, good cement to fix OJI fops of lieroscne lamps. I taxe tried plaster of Paris, lime, and Stockholm tar, nixed ¡ also rosin, plaster of Paris, and md ochre »»wed, but the kerosene acts on all of them ?-We have succeeded with pure unstacked stone lime, made into a pasto with kerosene. Anxious asks-I select ed 200 acres of land about- seven yearè 'hgo; I have since improved about 50 acres ad joim'itg. Could Tnow talce up the 50 acres as an addi tional, selection under the 22nd clause of the Land I Ad?-Make application to the local land agent for an additional conditional purchase under the 21st section of the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1SG1. A.Ji: C. (Frederick Valley) asks-If a notary puh licretidesin Bathurst; if not, what i's the address of <me t> Sydney ?-None in Bathurst. There are a con «dernoîfl number in Sydney : Arthur Allen, Elhabeth tírcetj Burton Bradley, Margarot-slreet ; Alfred J. Cape, Pitt-street ; John Dawson, Pitt-street; Thomas j Uarihall, Pitt-street; S. A. Stephen, Pitt-street; George J Bly, Exchange ; and others. J-J- J. (Ballina) asks-I am a selector and adjoin a tdediojv taken up by aperson somufew years ago, ioho na«made. jio imnroi'cmeiifs ivhalcver, and has never midid or slept « night on it. Be m ade a declaration cndspld or transferred the selection to a person of some Mlemftuence. Can that person legally hold it. Wliat terald be the best course for me to take ?-Represent the true facts of the case to tlie Minister for Lands. '?Amateur, Regatta asks-Would you decide as to the propriety of committeemen being competitors at a regatta ; also as to the injustice of a competitor acting "'treasiirer and secretary, who receives all entries, \mch gives to him an undue advantage, being able to flwcnmtiiaie where he has an advantage'/-Office bearers and committeemen are eligible to compete in regattas. ? . QjÀTf asks-IMiere can an unfortunate pierson suffer SJ1? aî.1 n/ec'ß^ hoad after a severe operation be faced for better security, she not being considered safe «large, and how could she gain admittance?-If tho /"«id* nra unable- to do anything with her, apply to «Í ?/? and 8,Le wiU 00 brought'before the local bmich »no will send her to' the asylum. There is a private Mimic asylum near Sydney for persons whosefrieiids Ott able to pay for them. (FijiJ requests full direct ions for making \ wmsfrom goats milk, and what substitute canbeused \ ¡»rennet?-There is no full directions possible; your °T*«n«B must direct you. Even a book expressly writ ^^hecse-making would not furnish such ciernen ar» ^orniation as your request implies. Muriatic own aiX ? emPloyed in lieu of rennet. We arc not hnr wyt-h- mg further can be said that, would i«j»i.use, to Vou- Try your hand andyou will soon M the plan thal suits best. toÜfM m'6er (Bomaderry) asks-Wh ich is thc best way tl§ Vl'?0ll?-There aremany kinds of gilding. One RsZn Probably suit your purpose 'is as follows . Sllle m.od « coat of'oilpainl; G pr 8 coals of fine nkeh, mf,ei1 with Otue, each coat, when, set, being la.t]!moo"ledwilhpumicc stone and sandpaper; and thnJiiß °f anim«l size, nicely chared. On this IrJh J1!-,18 nic^V laid by means of abroad thin ires/r"" eu l>rc8aed further by a thick sofl-haired tore« Vi!*' I nm (toing to pv t np a wire fence of »lifo Itn8' ?/ M''s'''to kiioiu thc weight and price per 8ieí,.¿; . different sixes of wire in Sydney ?-No. 4, ÄÄ'iilDciil; No. 5 dido, lñciüí; No. Gdilto, irtto " » 7,li,:i'°. Heidt; No. 8 ditto, 9cwt ; No. 0 t^iïu'^' 10 ditto> 6c";i ' No- 11 ditto, 4civt; Nos. 8, fl, awi lO'tirö most used. 2fo 19 1U rf,tto, Gcwt TwshJîf*' 8c"'í- K°s- 8. ». ' fttorff. aWlV fa Hasselter and Co. for the price, as j » torie« considerably. ! fíui'l-^.P' ('l'a*m<inia) asks when ihe new ton.mship , V<keF ?ledJ vt Darlington Point, on the Mnrrum see< «8 to be offered fór sale; and if it will bo bv 'SÖffi^ ¿re 41. t he «tfeíwenís.to ba ¡70/. yet?-Tlie dtatrí, OMc7 Th^iïl y*T*T h" ¿y»* to the Lane gftiî* <pl°tmeiite will be soft¿1,y auction.o»¿i ? «2^»ÂrtÎ^n*^-TF?ia¿constftufa» anamalen DM min Tí« &*?V*T**»r Sailing Club Rule, becomina £ £t*"r W °.r calUn? disqualify fro, joining a member of it; if so, what ?-By Rule 2 livit °ytstermflb or persons gaining the, ffLSj' ^torsofthe^colony, or any persín wh sionntZnfi ai "'TÜV consideration for his profe; sionul knowledge shall be excluded. ' 1ft i?rot!lerf. (^naiiza)-Probabhj. chüblan, th,hnï î!r 'li Wh¿ch Íorax ha« h">n dissolved. Rn the ^*V\fXli??f*.inc ointment. Do not expo* wnJïlT Ï t0 the Cold ?*p» lut keeP them covered wit ZJt1 g^i6S¡ Tvf/ U tllem te held to the fire i -SÄ^ Zfte"i:,n Sterine slightly dilute rw, ^t Ni ^r-tf I engage with a Municipc ^ounçil to doAuork atsomuch per year, wages to i paid mwry.nionthfwhat. notice should I receive bofoi fTAs"Mßs me- -If l am onemonth overtheyea wilt that make any difference ?- Sufficient notice lei mealing with the year of the hiring. A month woul ?n lins case be a sxifficient .notice, but if a. fresh yea rs commenced you cannot be discharged, accept for mit conduct, until the end of the year. (IJ'O enters, into à written áq'ret ment, with p, who engages, say, to fell 20 acres 'of tan, at so much per acre, and to have the whole done withh a given time. D finishes half his contract, upon whic, M has^receivçd part payment, and then abandons it though urged by G to complete it. Can D, under-thès circumstances, claim any unpaid balance on the wor, tione (-No. (2.) Can G bring damages against D fo loss sustained by non-fulfilment of contract ?-Yes. Pam asks-Having had two horses stray from mi place, and get into a municipal ward, and then int private properly, where the owner impounds tJiem,. released them, and on wy way home I met the sergean of police, who served me with a summons for alloioiw my' horses to run on the roads. Is this legal ?-Yes (2.) Can a pound-keeper sell an unbranded yearliiu colt the second day he, is in the pound without adver using him ?-Yes, if he gets an order from amagis trate. C. 0. (Upper Murray J mks-If a person takes uj a selection on one side of aJane, one chain wide, am fulfiU the conditions of residence,.<jc" can lie take uj another, on the opposite, side, without being compellei to reside on it?-Hoican take up an additional pur chase on the opposite side of a road not being amah road, and would -not be required to reside on it if th condition of residence with regard to the first purchas, has been fulfilled. J. P. (Burrowa) asks-I cannot go to sleep at night I am not »ick, but in my usual health, and takeplenti of. exercise. Can you tell me the reason,' or give me c remedy ?-TJie reason most probably is a diet not suiteé to your system. , Try an absolute change in both yow eating and drinking, and if you use tobacco in an\ way cease to do so. If you use tea, leave it off and ht j satisfied with milk and water or a little cocoa. A I shower-bath going io bed is often most effective. W. P. (Binnawan'g) aslcs-I want to know if a selëc tor can fence hispreemptive right; it crosses a road thai has been in use for the last five years' (the mail coach travelling over it all that time); turning tho coach ink the bush. It does not interfere with his ipurchaseà ground in any way. Wliatis the remedy to take? The selector would not be just ified in fencing in thc road. Represent tho circumstances to the Minister for Lands. E. D. (Greta) asks-r am one of three trustees for some Government money. . Tlie bank has paid ont some of tho money without getting my signature. Are they justified in doing so. They say two out of the three is only necessary ?-lt. depends on the arrange ment with the bank.' If the bank was not advised by the trustees that two signatures would be sufficient, we th ink they should have obtained the third before pay ing any clieques. J. C. (Jerries Mount) asks-(1.) Can my wife select ground while I am away 200 miles, carrying on the roads?-No.' (2.) Another person and myself have free- selections which join. I am putting up a wire fence, which comes to .£42 per mile. I notice him to fence. He pints up a sapling fence, which is not sheep proof. Can I compel him. to put his half up sheep proof ?-No. (ii.) Is there any stated value that one selector can make another fence to ?-No. Fairplay asks-I gaveup my estate two years ago lo nvy creditors. Now, I want a clearance. They will not give it. They want me to collect the debts, which I cannot do. Yon will oblige by letting me know how I am to act, as the trustees aro not willing fo give me a clearance ?-So many guest ions arise upon assignment deeds that we cannot advise without knowing a great deal moro of your position than you can furnish in an ordinary letter, so that our advice is for y ou to con sult your, solicitor. Goulburn asks-(1) Iselected2,2Qacresofland, andgot preemptive right for same. There is about two miles of very old dog-leg fence on both places. I wish to know, if the lessee does not remove tho fence after three months' notice, can he legally claim it?-Tho holder of the pro tease can use the fence on the land, bul the lessee of tho run can claim compensation for it. (2.) I cannot get to tho nearest town without trespassing on purchased ground; to whom should I apply for a road?-Ap>ply to the Minister for Lands. W. M. (Tenterfield) asks-I wish lo go through the Insolvent Court, but I cannot find money to pay the ex penses incurred in the matter. Will you please tell nie could I go through the Insolvent Court in any way without any expenses involved upon me, arid, if not, what is the cheapest and easiest way for me to act? Thc cheapest way, if you cannot do the work yourself, is to get somebody who ivill do the work for nothing. Thc Chief Commissioner has power lo-remit thc fees if satisfied of the poverty ofilia applicant. E. D'H. (Molong) asks-A person took up G40 acres of land about four years ago. Helios fulfilled residence conditions, has also improved tho selection very con siderably over the< amount required by the Land Art. Can ho now take up more land adjoining his condi tional purchase without having io fulfil a further term of residence thereon. The land to be taken up would be fenced in with his first conditional purchase ?-Ilia maximum area allowed by law having already been selected, residence will bo required on any additional land that may be selected. Maru Hodgkinson(Ballina,R. R.)aslcs-(l) JF7teí7íflr a person holding free- selected land (not yet a freehold) can lawfully prevent neighbours from shooting game of any sort upon il ?-Yes. (2) If ho can, what is the heil course for h im to pursue if, after having pul up Entices reniicsting them iwt io shoot over tho ground, then destrov the notices and still go shooting over the Sr What charge should beh-ovg il aaanistlliem ff I al eil lo court ?-lf Uw land is enclosed prosecute Ow trespassers under thc Inclosed Lands Act; if not inclosi'd, bring an action of trespass. ^ Ivnuircr (Yalwal) asks-Pleuse give me a recipe for wol& cad slcd?-lleat tho paris lo be welded caro fully in agentlefire kept free from tii'ri,' borax Í0 parts,* sal ammoniac Impart f fjriiul these roughly lonether, and fuse iii a metal pot until all spume has disappeared. When clear pour out, to. cóol and concrete. This con crete can ho ground for use as remirad, A small quan tity of this composition i s ñpriiwlad, while in,tho, fire, on the heated steel or parts pf it lo be welded, fr jisn the steel is at bright yellow heat', dip the parte 'in-the powder, and again put it to tho fire until again heated the same, then hammer'.' . , : ? ..' '. ; 1 B. (Burrowa)-Saveloys are made qf chopped-up salt pork, bread crumbs, pepper, and sage, put in shins and boiled slowly for half an hour; price in Sydney, from 4d lo Gd per lb. German sausages are made of äqual' qua?itities, finely chopped, of bacon, fal andlcan,oeef;, veal, pork, and beef suet;~- season with salt,'popper, and other, spices lo taste, sweet herbs and sage-pul verised. With this tvel.l mixed fill an intestine, pre viously well cleansed ; prick it, and boil,gently for- an hour and lay it on a sieve or hurdle to. dry. Then smofui the.same-as hams.. Price inx Sydney,.5d to ls. per lb,, according to their quality and genuineness. ¡ M. E. asks-If I catch amanpn my premises or in, my house after dark', cnn I legally'shoot him; after calling on him in the Queen's name to stand ?-You' must be quite sure ho is there with intent" to botiimit Ü' felony;'und the"shooting must' be'a':lasi resource for the purpose of apprehending him. '>Yoi( wóuld'riót^bé' justified in-sliooling at amere*ive6passcr ;' but io <pre vent a felony being commiUed^or to\rcpolan attack on< your lifo,\or as- ab.ovo mentioned, you .would be gusti-, fiad, buti/you must bo very .careful, and on this.suhject we recommend you. fo refer tos Pdunlcett's Australian Ma gi strate,title murder., ; . ?>. ? . . -Traveller (Tamworth) asks-I andflie cxeciitors are ?interested in àroill that ought-to have been- opened five years ago'. - The property'xs in another ,colony ; the executors are iii this. Can I compel thcyti io.prove'the will, aiid how am I to proceed ? What is ii likely 't'o; ?cost; and hoiv long'will it lake?-You'caiigot'pYobdte, with the will annexed if the executors failto irrove .the will offer proper'notice.- Yow will havis-toldo this in Hie colony where the properly is situated, rmd yoit will find it necessary to employ a-solicitor.-? The 'cost will depend upon thelröubte involved ;,we can giva no esti mate. \ ' ' ' .< Af, J. (Orange) asks-Would yoit, Icin&ly; triform me ?through the medium of your.¡valuable . journal ¡tvhat, subjects and examination, itr is necessary^ to pass in, order to.be articled to a soUcitor, wheti I haye passed tho junior, public cxaminàtibiï "ip English, history geograpliy, and lower màtliematicà ?-He muât produce 'lo ihoj?rothonotary of the Supreme Court u 'cértificale of- his having passed the'matriculation examinai ion in the University, or in some other University recognised by it, or. a' certificate from the Registrar ? of the Univer sity of Sydney of his having, passed some equivalent, examination before professors and examiixers.appointed by the senate thereof.','.' ? "'>.,. -j. { V ,4 Miner asks-(i.) A person left ona of my children two acres of land when he died, about seven years 'ago. Be gave me llie receipts of..tiie man from whom he bought the land. This person now puts in a-claim to tlie 'land on the ground-that the deceased owed him money. He still holds the deeds. Can that person come on my child for the debt said to be due f-r-Your daughter has'an equitable title, not a legal omi.' She epiddnot, therefore, eject thc man in possession. Slie had therefore better, if,she can arrange with the man, pay his debt, and get a conveyance and possession of the land. . She is entitled to.this iii a.Gaurt'of Equity,, but we suppose the'matter is too small for such steps, (2.) A son should be of age before His properly can be so transferred. ' . ' ' Amateur (Marsden Swamp) asks-What style of accompaniment is suitable in the perfornaiwe of quick mitsical pieces, such as hornpipes, strtdhspeys, reels, jigs, <Çr., 011 such instruments as the pianoforte or harmonium?-In most cases of the kind the tonic.ànd dominant chords in some one of their many forms are employed, but accompaniments may be_ of various, styles. We could not give instructions with respect to the style of accompaniment (tppropriate to any par-, ticular air unless we saw the air or knew it by, nanto. The harmonium is not well suited for jigs and dances, although il may be used by a good player for the per formance of them, especially if tt be a percussion instrument. ' Selector (Corowa) asks-(l.) Having selected a portion of land, and paid for improvements thereon, will I be allowed for my time or extra labour during my lime of residence ?-Your question is not very intelligible. If you have made a selection, you must improve it to the extent of Jil an acre. No special allowance will be made to you. (2.) Supposi7ig I sold to a squatter on the same run, could he debar;me from buying ont another selector, or from selecting .again? If you have transferred your sélection you, can, of course, select again. ; The squatter can purchase a selection from another person, or select again himself, provided the condition of residence with regard lo,the selections already held by him have been fulfilled. W. B. P. (Compton) asks-I have planted the large variety of maize herc'these two last years. It. was planted in September, and it grew exceedingly well someto the height of 10 feet.,' It also cobbed, wall, ¡but the extreme dry weather, three successive,months with no rain whatever, prevented it filling out. , I think if you would recommend avariety of mähe which would ripen about the end of the year, ihere'would be a fair chance of success, and where the seed may be obtained? -We would advise yon io , apply to one of the scad firms to procure the bast of tho early sorts exhibited by 'Windsor growers at the last Agricultural Exhibition ; orperhap's oneoflhcm, thc growers, on seeing this may be induced to send his address and say whether the seod could be supplied. O, H. M. S. (Brown Mountain)-Grease in tho heels arises from various causes. It ia generally diffi cult to cure, and ahorse subject to it should bc fired after the heels have been freed from it, as this will pre vent its return. Physicking and soft low feeding, with plenty of exercise, but no corn-feeding. The heels should have marsh mallow or clover poultices applied twice a day for a week, and then tho heels should be clothed in flannel. Whenever the legs have been wet they should be thoroughly dried before the animal is left, but wei flannel bandages may be kept on con stantly until a cure is effected. If tho heels have cracked badly, firing must be resorted to. A good wash to apply to llir. parts is composed of a strong solution of wattle or other tannie bark, with which mix two drachms of green vitriol, and 1 drachm of sugar of lead t o tho pint. T. I. Jj. (Gunnedah) writes-In nnsxecr tn your correspondent's inquiry respecting the timber between Tamworth and Uralla, I may state that lie will have no difficulty in procuring suitable timber on the lim indiccited- stringybark and ironbark, 20 feet al tho butt, and- many of them without a limb, abound in abundance. The quantity is almost- limitless. There ure occasional patches of box. Between Bendemeer and Carlisle's Gully tho timber is as good and as plentiful as in the best timbered land in the colony. Of course, just round about Bendemeer the trees arc not sn plentiful, becauso the people have used them vp for buildinij purposes. In ansicer lo M. Hotly, res 'peeling thc mill at Boggabri, I would advise him to be cautious, as only a small acreage on tho Nwnoi is I under cultivation, Jf he contemplated tdtlina vnlho Namoi, and establishing a mill,. Carroll would be iii . beat locality . It would be) batter for him to come uni, see for himself. v . Ä.Z. T. asks-TlierowaoaweaUhy squatting'firm,B\ Brothers; there wore five brothers, vii.,.Samuel, John* Robert, James, and Thomas^ Sam.wàs amarriod mai with family.. A girl who wasiarelativa of Mrs. Sari H, had an illegitimate son tç James B, ,who mad[ arrangements with his brother Sam tit at Miss J. ana lier child should be received into his house and trea tea as members of the family, ¿he, Miss' J., being un def engagement of marriage to James B.- Miss J. and her illegitimate son remained in this family for some 12 years, when the marriage contract weis broken off under paynient of a sum of money,,and I, the said child,who was called. James B. after my father, was seul lo board' ing school-bp him, anil was subsequently employed by tho fir pi B. Brothers as^suporintendent of some of theil .stock stations for many year's] ' and bearing Hie name Janies B; und was not known,by any\ ,olhar name. I called tlie. above 'old-. gentlohien. my \uncles and was acknowledged by them and everyone, wlio knew me. as James .B.'s son. ¡ In Ihepicdhtinie, my father married and has threeor four legitimate sons. My uncle/ John B.¡ a wealthy bachelor, died, and a clause in hts will states that all Jame¿rB.'ssQns shall receive JC2000 , .ooah.,-1.believe the moneyhas. been distributed, but I liavenot got my ph are. {My fallier and. nujf/ifr ara livin^yand'I have the coirre'spoiidchee pfniy late uncle, ' Johiy,B., and tlie others .addrcisfipg ,v\a\ .as -James B. -.. {aiid'.iwpnew.,. In short, every proof ^ca ii bé¡ produced , tliat I am James B.'s son. . (jan I appeal to the court . as James B's son and obtain niyshare, :Jt2(10Q, or nott -No. : . : ; ' ' ' . J. ,G. (Asphatc)-We copy thei foUowipg from a Melbourne contemporary :-The .tar.'jxayemcnts, of., MeUiowtie are made- as follows-t-^Bl^iestone metal is first prepared of three sizes', viz,,ilie ordinary 2i\,in. ihetál, strictly broken to gunga ¡, coiirsè.screening s, being tliátuihich has been screened out of Lfiefirsl by a screen loith bars half an inch apart; and fine screenings, tho, refuse of the . above aflerbéinq¿a3sedthroughasievé which retains everything coarser'than sand. Mix tliese iuith gas. tar (cold) ow a platform, or in some plact where the waste ,tar will,drain away ; this is imper, tant. The proportions.'. are as follows.-rSJin. metal from 7gal'.,to 8gal.per cubeyard, the quanti ty varyiiu pith the cleanness of the molal; the cleaner thc meta, thc[less- the quantity which will' be required. Tht coarser, screenings will, talcs from \A.gal. io lGgal. per .yard under , the 'same conditions, and Hie fine screen 'vngs 2&gal.; It- is better that the whole of Die meta,, should bo dry before the tar is mixed with it, but thi fine screenings miist be sq,- artificial drying being re» sorted to if.necessary. It. is better not lo lay the compo sition, in .unsettled weather.; and to. secure as far as possible a .dry bottom, the excavation should iwt be gob out far ahead of the men who are laying the first coat. The ground is. first excavated, full 2J»n. below the desired level, after which Hie space is filled (rather under than up lo the 2ii». level) with a coaling of tho metal.. This is , th en rolled -wit il it has boen consoli dated about three-quarters of Mn inch ; after which it is covered.with the coarse screenings to the depth of an inch; . the, surface .being - again rolled, a coat of the finer scree/tiings is then spread to the dept h of half an , inch, afler which Ute surface is finally rolled ymlil it finishes half ah inch above tliè permanent level, frön 'which.it will gradually sink to the Acquired height as it consólidalos under thc traffic. -After the last coat has been thoroughly rolled the surface is coaled with powdered bluestone;-or with fine sarld, in sufficient quantities lo Iceop thc feet from adhering, and as this coaling, which: is only lightly rolled, is liable to be blown away by high winds, or washed away by heavy, rains, it must, be renewed from Knie. to. lime, as.neces' sai-y. 'The roller requires lo be somewhat Iteavy; that 'used by Hie corporation of Melbourne is iibout Iff. iii " diameter, about ISin. wide, and wciglisfroni ÍScwl. lo ' 15cwt., and it is better lo ram the edges im th ah ir or: rammer having a perfectly flat 'surface in addition'y ' A canvas baq holding water, or a large swab, musk bi" attached to }he roller, thc object being to keep the »ur " face of the roller wet luhilst. tho fina coatis being rolled f as otherwise it is apt to adhere to thc roller'. ,, ' . (, .' Tho well-known immigrant ship Samuel* Plimsoll:' arrived in port oarlyon Thursday with another bato! of Government immigrants. Tho ship is still iii .< quarantine, but tho canse of lier detontion is not yo-1 . roporlcd. Tho 6hip brings'JC5 immigrants, classified as follows :-70 married couples, 89 single : mon, Si I singlo women, and 138 childrou. As tho movomont latoly initiated in Sydney for thc ; formation of a Coffeo Tavern Company on tho samt principio as thoao so successfully formed in Loudon, has boon takon np so warmly, wo givo a few in< torosting statistics fnrnishod to a Loudon paper by tho'managors of tho London Coffoo Tavern Company, which show tho progress thoy aro making:-Daring : tho'wook about 210,000 cups of tea, coffee, and cocoa aro sold, giving an ayorago of 15,000 cups to each tavern i or a daily average of 2000 onpa. Cocoa would appear, to bo tho most popular boverago, tho con sumption over coffoo being abont 85 per cent., and above tea 900 per cont. Tho nvorago weekly taking! of the company arnon nt to £500 As Mr. Forsyth romarkod, thoro is nothing of a charitable natara about tho company, which on lost yoar's oporntiona was onablcd to pay a dividond of/l' por cent. ? "Wo learn-and wo noed hardly aay with considora ble surprise-that tho Postiuiuitor-Gouoral, tho Hon. Saul Samuel, C.M:C, has suspended,: or his about to suspend, no loss than twenty-six officers in tho postal dopartmont. Most, if not all those officials aro yoong mon occupying subordinnto positions, and tho causa of their suspension is said to ho insubordination-at least that is tho technical term used to designate their offonoe. Tho " insubordination" consists, wo under stand, in this-that they scat in . a petition ogninat tho promotion ' ovor thoir hoads of a junior oflicur. This, ofcourso, could uot be toloratod br thojfonornJ of thc postal array, especially as ho has C. M. G. after his name, and is not anionable to censure through th* ballot-box. It is said that n call has boon made for a batch of assistant- postmasters from tho conntry tc fill tho placos of tho suspended. The suspension ot tho majority of " insubordinates " was to commence from Monday, as wo leam ; lint tho ringleaders I heaven savo' tho mark !-have already had tlio sus pensory cord placed round their necks. Saul, Saul, why . persenntcst, thou these young prophotst [Tho Hon. Saul Samuel, CM.G., and tho 20 Civil servants who had tho misfortune not to bo CM.G.'s, ., have, it seems, sinco mado thoir peace. As the young gentlemen who managod to quarrel with tho distin fniBhcd and decorated minister appear tobo in mortal read of thoir rulor, and ure reticent to a degree which forbids them favouring us with a copy of tho petition forming tho subject of tho dispute, wo aro unable at preseut to deal as fully with this matter as could bo wished. It is explained that tho oflicors in question wero not absolutely suspended, but morely threatened with suspension on account of tho fact that Saul, carrying out tho views of tho Executive . body, failed to reeogniso tho right of petition, and per ceived an opportunity of "suspending" .them, notât tho end of n rope, ns would havo probably boon tito cano had they boon under tho direct control of Sir Alfred or Sir Henry, but at tho end of somo red lape. Let thomin tiloso hours of suspension bo gi-atofnl for, small mer ciwul 