PASTORALe LErTTE.. THE following is a copy of thle Pastoral Letter addressed by his Grace Archbishop Vaughan and the Roman Catholic Bishops of, this' colouny to thlle ,:en~bers_ of that sectioi of the community :--. "To offr~dcarly boldved b:iothren andil cii .drn. in Christ, the Clergy,, Secular an- -Regular, an4 tle Faithful under our Jurisdictibn. "Health and Benediction in tho.Lord Jesus Clirist.' . "Having been convinced by many signs from manuhy qirt~is that oexisting daungers to Catholic Education are steadily increas ing so aik to become absolute perils to reiB gion, aud.that.unfairness to Catholics is developing.into absolute injustice; we, the Archblishobp 'and Bishops having jurisdic. tion in New South Wales, who are respon sibleto God- for the souls of parents and children.confided to our care, deemed it our.duty to meet and take conusel toge ther regarding the present condition of affairs, so :that we miglit then, .1by thei authority of our nuited voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your diuties with regard to the educa tion of.Catholic children. "The erection or costly Public Schools in Cyvry direction, which is continually going on; -the steady, systpmatic way in which o-ur Denominational schools are being weakened and extignuished;: the treitaueilt of Cathblies at Raundwick and thle -Benin:olent Asylum; the firos:?ect of scculirist Gri-hm;r Schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland,. Goul burn, and Bathurst; of a secularist High Schools for girls being established in Sydney, and partially endowed by the Government; ofl£1,500 a year been spent for five years on the .educatien at; Gram-, mar Schools of boys exclusively -from Public--Schools: this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the con-' munity,'to the exclusion of others who cannot avail themselves of it, is, in a free community liko our own, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence... : "'And more than this, this expenditure on godless education, this studding the colony with- schools which the Church kows from experience will, in course of time 'fill the country with indifferentists; not to speak of the absolute infidels; this use of Catholic funds--of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets-for estallishing a sys tem of education throughout the land, which not many Catholics cannot safely make use of, but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundation of Christianity, is an act so galling to- every feeling of fair-play, that we do not see how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to pass unchallenged':. '. Not meincrely, as Bishops df the Catholic Churchi;, bt as citizens of a free country, irhich boests that even-handed justice is dealt out 't~o all its taxpayers, weo em phiitiially lay claini to our' slihiare' of that same e?on-handedjustice.; ? iand believo it-to be the duty of the Catholic .lody not to rest until;they have been placed on;an equal footing. with their. fellow-colonists. We, Catholibs, who represent one-third of thepgjobillhtion; do not ask for or seek onis j6t or title more considerationthan our fellow taxr-payers receive; and we do not see why we shduld be content with one jot or tittle less. "Let it' be borne in mindtthat tills is distinctl3y a'0 religious 'question.; "With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle.:' Wo prefer 'to ,do our work in jpeace, and avoid "tho contdention of rival parties. But when not justiceo aloiie,'liit the future of religion -itself is essentially bound up with a' certain "position; when thd"qinestion of' education' is in point of fact the great religio~s question of the day~ve sholiuld be prevaricating agaiiist our bounden duty, and should prove our. selves unfitted for our trust,, were we to hbld our peace ; did w'e iot,' at the pre sent juncture, set forth the teaching of the Chtircwith i at t distincunls, and point out;to.you, dearly beloved, with unmistak able clearness, your duties as interpreted by that teaching. ''. Chrit 'came on earth to' renew 'the worldby thle graces of, His spiitf,,byjHis perfect law of life, and by the super natural revelation .of: His will. to mau. VWhat the highest paganism aimed at, and failed to.accomplish, that He did, in all its' fulness and perfection. Tihe first chipter of St. Paul's Epistle to the R.bmans gives us an outline of the degra dation to which man can fall under a civilisation which is based upon the pas. sions; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, Socrates, Cato, and Cicero has proved to us how impotent are literature and philosophy and intellectual cultiva tion, when they set themselves to purify the'spirit of the inner mnian. The hiddous blots which disfigure the highest morality af. Rome and .Athens ,Aie a& so .many fingers which point tothe 'utter, imbecility of mniai'wlien he thinks to civilise, the heart., instruct the conscience, and direct the. will, apart from the influences of true religion..: And what .the history of the paostlhiis prcr-e it cibe the 'case, the'history of the present. is ever more' "~d more confirming. We finid, on all sides, that where, philanthropists have attempted to educate the inner life of man by philosophy, ,legislation, or intellectual onulture, the effect hlas always been the saon.' Every civilisation which' has'not! had Christianity for its basis has been dwarfed, 'stunted, and dafdrmed; and every effort, from that of tlie most remote paganism to that of' the most modern mfidelity, t'o deal with the conscience, the will, and the heiirt"of man in their iniier': sanctaries,' ;has r`resdulted- in :''thi degradation of man,, and in the collapsib of the philosophy which corrupted Ehim. The reason mayihave ,been exercised, and the intellect may have been formed; but apart from Christianity, the moral nature, on which 'iian's worth so i"much 'depends, hbsi?inve'r boon edueated,' nor his poi~ris, passipns,;sind motives'olevated' or.refinied. "What paganism 'could not and cannot do, that our Lord did by bringing Chris tianityinto. the world. What legislation cannot touch, .or,.philpsophy:.shape or sus tain, that our Saviour came to legislate for, ;tO-nrify. aind to ennoble, ith;ou.li the giftsai ad guidancies "Qf',thie Christiria dis pensation. He,';'tTil he alono, was able to cp.nYert and .regenerate, and. dal,,efoc tHis simnple reason, th't li'' e was Pna'tn. Maker.,gt required-,thaiepovPesr?of ,holy, fiaptism, with its interior.and supernatural effetet;;theoli'ght-of faith illumiiating the intellect and informing the cohscien?ibq. auiida'he ' ra'csd"of 'the ~sdacrdi~meits, .ee-. cially, of penance and' tlh altar.tQg'thor. withta lipr]saiiituil.lifa of.upiety-aind prayer;tto, bring their .united .acction'tb isar upon'tho "world, obefofe. l'ii"'i'cdfiild':in any.adioquatd 'noriola.nof.' ?hat ''sClirasn oivilization.irc1y mcant', anld of tho.effectet on tiheeintire man:of Christian education. Those things; it is plain, are espeoioal'ft" of-God to falleon nature; 'tlthy atrb' ~.ci ously bestbved to '. glspplement' m.?,i', weakness, and to ,assist'lhim in withdraw., ing himself from tho tyranny of passion ridd ts?"l r l idosof pride a"*ay from that brutanlity..Jgh.ich is produced by ?iu enslavement to the worldl, the devil, ,nd the ilesh. Besides tjese gifts, Ghlristinity brought dkplbiildgel of~tpetrbct. Ikiedd compared with the obscurity of the ipat. It tulglit-._nat mn:that m comparison with the nest world, this world and all.its wealthi and knowlledcge,r a ris'droos i that heaven is bought cheaply at the pri'cb df all the present life can offer; thatiman is mnado for God, and has to:save Iris soul before all. thiigs else'; aul; whlatever.he gain, if hie lose God,all is lost; and what ever lhe lose. iflhe gain'O d, a llis gained. Christianity brought into the world, also, thlree invaluable gifts: a true knowledge of God, a Divine living lIdoelor Exem lplar, and a clear law.of love towards God and man. " On these teachings all civilization and legislation, all minoiality pnublic, social, and private, are founded. , "Without these, man falls back into paganism and bar barism; his moral nature corrupts, and he gravitates towards the condition of the savage. Whilst on the other hand, with Christianity thus acting as a moral force aupon mankind, through : supernatural "grace, the efficacy of the sacraments, and the teachings of Revelation, man is lifted up: his reason energizes in. its fullest freedom, his conscience is trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a rectitude, fulness, nnd ripeness which are never to be found under less favourable conditions. "Now we. are bound, both :by the natural and revealed law,, to educate chil dren in the'knowledge of God, in His love, and in His commandments. As Christians we are bound 'to educate them in the fullest revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them these, blessings and gifts whiichl -the- Christian Church alone has the power to bestow. By. the law of niature'parents are bound to train their, children; 'aiid' by tlhe' low .of Christianity tihe Cliihurch is bound to see that parents do thellir dtity. 'Aid 'whilst father and mother,, on the one hand, are poliged, under strict obligation, tllis 'to rear their childreni from the dawnings of their reason: the Chuirch is bound, on.tho. other hland, to. cmplete the work which the parents have begun. ' Go ye there: fore and teach,:.or, make disciples of.' all nations, ,baptizing' them in 'the name of the Father,- and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe all thlings' .whatever I have. commanded 'you,'• isher commission. Hero the:duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the necessary ,gifts .anid :powers.. .Thus both parents and the Church inculcate the same class of teaching i they are in perfect har nony; the education of the child' at 'its mother's knee is ndt undone in the Chris tian schools, but developed and com pleted 'Through .the whole period :,the graces and infliences of Christianity are operating on the innerlife of the Christian child; the heart, the conscience, 'and the will, are being moulded for life ;' and the entire being, body, isoul,. and. senses, the complete -personality becomes saturated by a civilization, of which 'Christianity alone can be the' origin.'~ ' : ! "Thus it is self-evident that education without Christianity is' impossible; you may call'it 'instriition; filling the mind with a certain quantity of secular. know ledge, but you cannot dignify it with the the name education;. for- religion is an essential part of education; and to divorce 'religion or Christianity from education is to return to Paganism, and to reject tlIe 'Gospel' of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools and that method of teaching in which the religious element is divorced from the. secular. She knows :that instruction is not education, arid that 'a system of inational training from which Christianity is banished is a system, of practical paganism,. which leads to cor rauption of morals and loss of faith, to national effeminacy and to national dis honour. , "It is not, therefore,: surprising that Pope Pius IX. should "have 'isuted the following weighty 'instruction, which' our Catholic people and ouir Protestant states. 'men would do well to ponder on. In it they :Twill find no new doctrine, .but the 'old'teaching of the Church, which springs from immovable principles 'of religion. ;'The greatest; injury .lis: inflicted on .society,' says the. Supreme Pontiff, ' when 'the directing and : salutary power of the :Church is wnith'driwn from public and private education on' which the happiness of the.Churchiiand. of the commonwealth ;depends" so' much - Fdr thus society is tlittle by "iittle' "dedfived of that truly lOhristian spirit which aloine cani perma 'riently secure the 'foundation of peace and ipublic 'order,0 ad "prdimte anid direct tihe true and .useful progress of civilization, and give man those helps which are necessary for himlin order to attain after this lifoe lieilasi "'eAn. And in truth a systeni of 'teaching which not only'-is limited to. the "knowledge' rof natural things, and does not.- pass beyond the bounds" of' our ; life on earth, but alse 'cparts from the truth revealed by God must necessarily be guided by tihe spirit of error anduntruth; and education which, without, the aid of Christian doe 'trine, and .of its salutary moral precepts, •instructs the minii and moulds the tender lheart of.youth, which .is so prone to evil, must infallibly produce a generation.wlich ,will have no guide but its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will ibe a source .of greiatest'.misfortune .to the ;commonwealth and..their, own families. "Who does not see that the same system 'will give riseit' still greater evils if it be in [troduced into primary schools ? for it is in Ithese sichools ab'ove all'tliat the children ,of the people ought to be carefully taught from their tndiief'yeiirs 'the mysteries and precepts2Jpf. o.urholy;..rligion, and to be i'ained withl diligence to piety, good 'morals, religion, and civilisation. In such chools' religious 'teaching ought to have so:.leading, ...place. in; all that concerns education and instruction, that whatever '1se' th~ children may learn should appear subsidary toi?'i. t The young, 'therefore, pro,e iposedi? thli greatest perils when ever ipl thli sehbol' education is not closely united,,avith'religious .teaching. Where fore, silce p.imary. schools are establishedh lchiefly to give: the people a religious edui gation and to:ledad'theom.'to'. piety"and Chrstiiian'mraility, they' have: juiatl.y 'at ractpd to ,thomsolvos in a greatoerdegree tlanother?.' du'tioniarinstitutipoi4 "it)Li care, solioitude, and vigilance . of thle Ohursicl' -Tho dbsighiof, withdrawing priL ani@':'6cdobl"s.foiom the control. 'of' "the Cliimirchmaricud tib o'Tedrtionis ia'nde to cirry this. design_ into. eoffect aro..'ierefore m' 'pired*by,;a.Bspirit of hostility towards ,her, and' by the 'desireof 'ixtirigmsliiig among heo people tlle'divino;-'light'rdf our holy frith. Those who pretendlitat the Churchl pught to'ablicate or suspend her control ld leri' lut': fi on'theprimti chliols, rn, reiy'aki,to disobeytthe ,ommands vof hr iDwne Author, ,id tp be false to the charge she' hs 'receivod from God of guiding all.men to salvation;; mnd in whatever; country. this pernicious iesiga;',.o~freomoving the schools from co-. o10siastical authority should boe entertained lad canrricdinto exepcition, and the young thoreby exposed to the.'danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound, not only to ,use her best efforts,. iand to emhloyb:every mInans to secure for them the necessary Christian education aind instruction, but·.moreover-.wouIld feel. iherself obliged to warnl all the faithful, and 'to declare thalt no one can in' con-. scielice f'tequent such schools as beiig iad verseto tlhe Catholic Church.':* . -5.. " Wherever the question of Secularists' schools has_ arisei, the :.Bishops of. the. Church have pregched the same, doctrine, 'and have urcdilupobn tlhe people the'same truths with the same.warniugs. How the JBishops of Ireland have spoken in Synod and :out. of :Synod, 'again aridl agaiiin, is known to all of you. The English heir archy has more than' once considered it its duty to address the Catholic people of rigiland-'t the saiid' effect. "In one of their recent joint pastoral letters they say : ' We have already declared that education without Christianity is iipossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that the.secular and 'religious" lements of educationi are in !seoparable; that education.is essentially religious, and 'thLat thererefo where re ligion is excluded there is no education.· Hold fast by the old traditions and axioihms of your fathers. Schools without religion mnay give instruction, bult'edfucation'lihey cannot give;. they cannot educate a people. 'Let it be called nationial instruc tion, but, in the name of; Christianity,. let it not be called education. Not only;is education without religion impossible, blt' 'instructiof "6vithout' religion is *in'srtrction without morality. A people to whom 'morality is not taught caiinot be moral; but Christian morals-cannot lie taught without religion'; for what is mirdality1 bit :the law of' duty, which' arises i from. our personal relations towards God and our neighbour ? ' 'And "how' .is" it possible to teach this law of duty without a knowledgo of the persons towards .whom these rela ,tibns exist? But to kliniw thist-'iiless men are going to reduce a Christian people to the level of Deists-Christianity must be taught' in' our schools. Christian morality cannot be 'taught' withdiut the knowledge of Christ,"and that. again, by necessity, involves the' knowiledge 'of His history, His:teaching, His commandments, His incarnation, His .id'iie; personality. And what is this but dogma ? for religion without dogma is not Christianity. In whatsoever .school, thdn,..religion is" not taught; niorality is not taught; anid where morality is not taught, the heart, the con science, and the will-.of-children are not educated for the. duties 'and conflicts of life. What can be more false, what more fatal to men, to families,'and to'States, than to call'this education ?" . ' ' Such, then, being the emphatic.teach-: ing ot the Catholic Church, we, the Archbishop add Bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, con demn the principle of Secularist education, and those schools which are founded on that principle. $ Wo condemn them, first, because they contravene the first principles of the Christian religion; and' secondly, because they are seed-pllots of future immorality, infidelity, and'lawless ness, being calculated to debase the standard of human dxcellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Wherefore we uigo our clergy to do all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian.re ligion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation filly realizes the true position of affairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children ini ex posing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service' to religion or to the State than to upset, .by. constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to them selves, promises to be a source of incalcue iable evil to the colony. Let them, moreover,' warn parents, who, through a spirit of indifference or worldliness, are exposing their children to proximate 'danger of perversion and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of the Almighty God; and that they are jeopardizing thie ifaith, the morality, .the eternal hsppiness 'of those who are too young to help them selves, and who have been confided by .Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such schools, for, by so doing, they are helping to per petuate a great evil, and are standing as 'obstacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember that their fathers of old suffured for the faith, and let them not show themselves unwqrthy of their own flesh and blood- flesh which was freely .wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than lbetray Chiistian principle.or compromise Christian faith. / . "We are profoundly conscious that a latent. sense of fair play .exists in the community at largo. Let. all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their. fellow-electors and their representatives in Parliament these two facts, first, that Catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they consider an evil to the' country; and, secondly, that whilst they are thus maito' to pay, no equal provision has.ibeenr made for them; let the country fully compre hend our grievandes, and a 'sense of common, even-handed justice will assist us in worlking out a remedy.;: Would Secularists hold their peace, if without equal provision :being made for them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary schools, whilst £7,500 were spent, on the' training of boys, exclusively from Catholic institutions ? Would they not hold that they were being treated with oxtrordinary injustice and unfairness ? And would not the whole world agree with them,?: ' .; " It will be urged that the Stite leaves religion to pairents and. piests,- aind lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. . .. ' " True, the State does not,, and cannot, claim a commission to educate. It iS the bounden. duty of the.State to protect; not to usurp, the moral 'dtieis ofits:iinebers: All' Christian Tfathers' anid' mothers 'are'! required by tlie natural and Divi'ie lawI to give, their childreh. -a ": Christiaie education. The State has lno power or. bommission to usurp the parental rights, and' tob"cdppel :pareits .'to violatd their conscience by sendiig' 'their children' 't schools. where 'an 'alien: relihgion ;or *ino; 'eligion.at. allis taught. .,Todo so'?ould -ao to indulge in the i?iost':crusel:forni'of religious persecution. "The State has no rights higher or mor-sia'cred' tlifmi' those bf»:pare'niti .' .Nor';6doees (theiauithority'ofi tho;:'Church cross or: thwart the. natural sights and- duties 'of -parents-: -its-oom mission is to see that those rights are not invaded, au'd "thlat'those duties'are per formed. The Catholic Church condemns Kqdless ischools and Secularist education; because they are solvents of Christianity;, * E e~ter nddxeared by PopoppiunxI~. .toite arch~ bishop of~Yre1'burft July 14lth, 1861·. ;r+ Givcn~ Aprirl 21. 1871. 'Signed isy the Arebblihop' ji Wet~tminrter and hls wrelvc Iluifragan., ~ r deo Appendix. mnd tend towards depriving 'Chiistian children of a priceless tra:surn. An 1 no man canbe a sound. Catholic al.d support. that,.which ..the 'Church- con-. le ,us. ... . ., . . .. " The State may declare, and statesmen nay.' teachi~:;that the": Secularist ..systein is not adverse to Christianity find to the Catholic religioid. ]3But; in maiitters of religion, aro Crt'iholics td tolie guided Ly' the world:or 'by:,the::huirch i Does 'not the Churclh know her own: true interests best ? Has.-not.-she-had. Ihe experience of cen turies, in point of time; 'and all over the ;world, in point of space ? Are not her professsedl opponents on the side of secular educatioi ' antid do hot. lior best" friends range themselves upon the Christian side ? And to come to facts, has the secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and developed a Christian spirit? Has not the Catholic. opiscopate, in various quar-. tcrs of the world, f'ound that its direct tendency is to quenchl such a spirit? What is our own experience, and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony? To their shame, it must be said, some of our people do send their children to .Public schools. What is the'dlelileorate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to such chlildren ? That there is a marked.difference between theoiiandichildren 'Whib have been. edu cated in Cathol0ic.schlools. Their fiith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their nmorality ; their nmanners are rough and irreverent, they havelittle sense of respect and.igentleness, they have.no attraction for 'pr~yer ?or'for the Sacraments; and promise to swell a class which is already far too large in number. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed chlildren witli?"igve misgivings. ' " If in any country in the world signs are being held out on every side of the necessity 'ot "an especial school of self control, reverence,-piety, purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia.' If in any country Catholic children reqtuire a strong Catholic 'education, it' ise'here. At hlome tlhe ancient traditions and monuments of piety and' rev;erence, a large stiff of clergy; a Catholic public opinion, with many other external helps, assist in the training up of the yomung in a Christian spirit; but here, where: all is. new,. the clergy few, the populatioin' small-and scattered, and tlhe Bxternil; hells wvanting, it issmost difficult, with the best.efforts of the best Catholic trainiig,'tb rear isp the children to Chris tian'uiiety"," n'd with 'thoroughs Catholic instincts., ,:Ilow rlinous, therefore, is it not, to, cast: Chliristishiity outof the schools, and to confine it. to a Sunday catechism class under such ciriumstances as these. "The only fair... chance for Catholic children turning out Catholic men and women in. this colony is for them to be mnost carefully and conscientioisly taught their religion:. by their -parents from their earliest years; and then for them . to be. sent,to thorough Catholic schools, where the 'home teaching is con tinued, and the mind and. heart and con science and senses of the children are inpregnated with Catholic instincts, and moulded upon Catliolic truth. "It may be initerjected that some Catholics do 'not disapprove of Public schobls, for a certain number of Catholic ehildren are going to them. We reply, because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is 'ino reasoh why we should not condemn wlhat is wrong, and teach them what.is.right. We declaim against and condemn. intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education; -and-we are-led 'fo do so allthe more strenuously in proportion' as we are inclined to fear the Catholics are begin ning to feel less' anil less horror at drnn keiness.and infidelity. The church is not ruleddor guided by the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indlifferent, or ignorant Catholics, but by, the successor of St. Peter and'the Bishops of the church who arein 'communnion.with him. So long as Catholics obey,-in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe; - to listen to and follow, in such'natters, irsiy otlher voice,is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make ship. -wreck of the faith. "Wha"t, tlien, are.ouir practical recom mendations? " I.-lFirst, let all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsibility in the sight of God with regard to the Catholic education of their clildseii. :Let: parents, from their children's earliest years, teach them to pray; andl, until they are 'fit for schol,; exercise them in Catholic practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and fostr witlhin them Catholicinstincts -and, by exiaiiple aswbll as wdiod, i'sste mati cally mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reverence. Let:all arents look upon carelessness .or neglect in these 'duties ad matter for confession, and as' a' cause for grave spiritual h?arn ·.. . " II.-Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them: regard all other.sch3?ls,as nq places.for their cdil dren, who have to leamrn, before every thing else, to save-their souls; and who should be sedulously.prepared, by breath. ing a. Catholic atmosphere, by' living, amildst Cath'olic tedcliers and compitnions, and by an exclusively Catlhbolic trdiining, for encountering the. perils of the world into which they will eventually be thrown.' '. "III.--Thirdly, loet all-Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind thatto do so is tb'Set" t dOefiunce tihe teachings of the Catholic Church; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the: danger be~ remote, .of which things the Church is the judge, no.Con fessor can absolve suchl .parents as are willing to expose their children's souls to the blighting influence of an alien creed or a secularist system. " IV;.-Fourthly; let those who are so unhappy as to be sending their children at the present moment to Puldic schools, withdraw them as soon as possible. Let 'themiexmiaune thir" children's religious instincts and moral condition: and if, as is to be expected, they. find faith and inorals weakened, and the germs of law lsessness apparent, then, lot them, with great anxioty, do 'all Otliey"''i-t6 ioerdeen the time and to remedy the evil. Let them especially prepIrie suchl clhildron for the Sacraments,.teach them to.ear mass devoutly, to say their morning mid night prayers punctually,.to.make our Lord their mnodel, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love6 the IHoly See,- itidi it6:d 'lIbi~nidt, ldocile, and reverential to I all. who are ' " V.-Fifthly, let the clerg myake such mstructions tesb'tl'esete'Trequent subject of their sermons and their private exhor olearoed of Catholic phildrpun, andi.until all the Catholio'child?n:in'tiol di st'ict are ecoiving a sound Catholic education. V " VI.-Sittlil$fbibishoipiletiud pcoplo ddoall that lies in them, if nocos sary at personal sacrifice, to render their prcsent schools as efllciont in every way its ~do'ibt·M ' o "~;:ito&i; 'I?jiil 'i secular instructio o-noibo:-Cathlioc solioolsi whilst' they surpass n them tti the gmnihb oeluca tion of the will, the conscience, and the senses. , '%VII.-Seveutthly,> and.?1sfly, whilst strxategtheugniwhlaji they liavo, let:Gatlto lics unite as oneo man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pressure in the, riht direction, upon their eqnual riglits ~vithl' their fellow t?.-ipayers. ..is "''What is-the present position ofafflirs ? Catholics. are paying, fr tihe supporL of: schoolbs: whi?h 'they clicin ioithler aipprdvd of, nor make use of, whiilst no,analogous prdvisiboin lhas' been hmale for tlheii:'"' "' We may be iaet ,withl, the cry pf tlq ' religious difficulty.', .We admit the re religious difliculty;. but that difficulty is aggravated, Iad solvved 'dr mitigated, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a.large section of the community. "The .'"religious difficulty' 'ixists in Ireland, anid still more in England. :But whilst the Catholics or ,Ireland are re-. ceiving a larger share of justice as days go.by, thie Catholics of this colny are re ceiving a less and less share of justice. Whilst thie small. Catholic ,minority in England is rejoicing,. with reganrd to education, in even-handed juistice, we, here, are retrograding, and are aggravating that one-sidedness and unfairness froln whvlich the broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly of even-handedness? VWhy shomlld not we walk in the broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesmen how.to solve ' the religious difliculty' by the British panacea of fair play ? And how can this principle of fair play be applied? The answer is simple. Introduce payment by results in place of the present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is sublsidisedl, each section of the community receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained roesuflts (by Government inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common flunds are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thus no one can com plain. Thie secularist sect, indeed, would be deprisied of a monopoly; but, then, a wide-spread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way. to happiness and-peace throughout the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn; nor would large annual granuts of moieyj be lavished upon ofle section of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law bf fair play. and no favouring, for 'all. Those who were equally taxed would bie equally treated.-Is .not. this a broad, an :in-: telligible platform, upon which every just and honest man 'would naturally take his stand? If there be a wide-spread sense of justice in the land, as we firmly believe there is-Is there.not some power amongst us that will rouseit into action ? 'We recommend c those interested hi this subject to study, the Intermediate Education Billfor Ireland; the Elemen tary Education Act for England and VWales, with the. Neow Code of Regula tions; and Sir John O'Shanassy's' Bill to further amend the Law relating to Education.~ "In matters of vital importance and common justice half measures generally turn out miserable and cowardly failures. If it be worth while forthe Catholic body to assert its rights at all, it is worth while foir it to assert its fill and entire rights. Let us all realize this fact; and then we shall not be content till olur present hu miliating position is exchanged for one of fairness and equality. It is a great cause which we have.in hand, nothing less than keeping alive, in its integrity, in our adopted land, the religion of Jesus Christ, and thus far.securing the salhation of souls, as wellas the future greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsibilities; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the rightquarter; and never cease in their persevering their organised importunity, until they have obtaihied those rights which no man can refuse tlihem without self-evident injustice. Dearly Beloved,-' Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, do manfully, and be strengthened.' ' Keep the umnity of the Sbiirit in the bond of peace; one body, one Spirit, as you are called in one, hope of your calling; one Lord,, one Faith, one Baptism; One God and Fatlher of all, who is above all, and thrbough all, and in us al.'+ o S'Mdy the God of Peace Himself sanctify you in all things; that your Whole spirit, and soul, and body, may be preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. " Given at our meeting, in Sydney, J~une, 1879, andordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. F RoesR IlsDE?, ;Aclibishop of Sydney. "+ MATTIE?W, Bishop of Bathurst. \+ JAms, Bishop' of Maitland. t Wmnmis, Bishop of Goulburn. 