THE TOWN HALL MEETING. The very large attendance at the Towj Hall on Thursday evening affords evidence of the interest taken by the community in the proposal now before Parliament t j open the Museums and Institutes 0:1 Sunday. It was clear, however, that the majority of the audience were disinclined to consider more than one side of tho question, and thus the opponents of Mr. Eraser's motion received anj thing bat a patient hearing. To Mr. Everard, the Rev. Mr. Elcum, and tho other gentlemen who advocated the opsning of museums and insti tutes every latitude was accorded, but the utterances of thaso who protester! against the proposal were for the most part drowned by interruptions and hisses and other discordant Bounds by which public meetings are wont to express disapproval of a speaker. To some ex tent, no doubt, this manifestation of fc sling was called forth by the irrelevancy of the remarks made. One gentleman in Scriptural language deliberately curse 1 those whose views differed from his ; another entered into a narrative of his personal experiences in America and New Zealand, in which geological specimens and the subject of boiling potatoes in hot springs played a mysterious part; and a third brandished a well-thumbed copy of the Police Act, and was proceeding 'to launch into a diatribe against that bods for the ' abuse of innocence,' when ho was cut short in the full flood of hia eloquence by the Chairman. The uproar created by the erratic pro ceedings of these orators was enhanced by personal altercations between speakers and members of the audience and tho ubiquitous Councillor Raphael. Hence, although the meeting cannot fairly be termed disorderly, it was not by any means so well conducted or so orderly as the nature of the question under discus sion merited. It is fair to add that tho exuberant spirits of those who were evidently prepared to make fun of tho proceedings were kept in check by the tact and good management displayed on tbe occasion by the Mayor. The speeches on the whole were disap pointing. Too much of the Sabbatarian ele ment was introduced, and of the speakers who opposed the proposal the greater number resorted to arguments not only weak in themselves but in very bad taste, while ona speaker approached very closely to blasphemy, and was very properly hissed down. The observations of the supporters of the movement were far more tolerant and rational — a dispo sition being shown to discuss the question fairly, which was not manifested by the opponents of the motion. Mr. Fraser 'a cause was championed chiefly by the Rev. Mr. Elcum in a lengthy and eloquent speech. While we are -at one 7 with the conclu Bion arrived at by the rev. gentleman, :we are far from endorsing sD\ his views. Jtis, in our judgment, absurd to Bpeak of the closing of museums and libraries on the Sunday as an act of religious persecution. :- It is equally illogical to describe it as constituting a form of establishment. With equal justice, might it be said that a man is entitled to consider himself the victim of religious persecution because he is not allowed to buy his tea and sugar on tho Sunday. Again, as regards the 'Continental Sabbath,' it must be borne in mind that what is meant by this phrase by Sabbatarians, aud by those who advo cate the opening of mueeums and libra ries on the Sunday, is a different thing. Mr. Elcum, for instance, when he uses the term, has doubtless in mind tho orderly throng of respectable artisans who promenade the thoroughfares of PariB— the Champs Elyseea, the boule vards, the places, and the Boia—vho take their families to listen to the bands and to see the gay sights of the city. But tbe Sabbatarians look beyond this. They object to the work which is done in most Continental towns on the Sunday, and to the amusements which are resorted to in tho largo cities on Sunday nights. In Paris the aspect of the city changes at nightfalL The re tpcctable crowds give place to irreligious pleasure-seekers flocking to the theatres, the cafes chantants, the Closerie des Lilacs, Mabille, and a hundred-and-onti places of entertainment of a by no means mox-al character which are kept open on all evenings. Henco it is scarcely fair to represent the objections made to thu Continental Sabbath by Sabbatarians as unwarranted. It would bo fairer to argue that the character of the English people and of Australians, taken as a people, will preclude tho danger of their turning liberty into licence. So far as the principle involved in the question at the meeting last ni»ht i* concerned, we are glad to find that the prevailing opiuion was in favour oi the opening of libraries and rnuseumH on Sunday. How far this expression of opinion will weigh with the House of Assembly remains to l»e suen, but ii is clear that those who have relocated the question to the public cannot claim that the verdict has been adverse to Mr. Fiiser'a motion. iJnt, however this may be, the experiment cannot be put to any eatisfactory test until there are in Ade laide public institutions of the l;:ncl re ferred to more worthy of the mum: than the city at present possesses. GoVKRjiMEUT La;«)- Sale. — A sale of town allotn-ents in Stepbut»tou, Beacbport,I/iciet.-u, and Johnburgb, «u-l imburban sections iu t'i« Hundred of liedlall was held at the Land O«» ??* ou Thursday, August 7. Tliere wan a gool attendance, and Hit- biddiug for the Jleacbport land wa« brut, e»fry lot offered l*ing diiponfrt of. The highent price obtained at tbe *»l* «?« X17 5t. for Section 1'3 iu Beacbport. Emcctttb Coracn-— His Excellency the Governor heHa Councilon Thursday, at which ioor Ministers were present. The Overlaud Tblbqrafh. — Communication was restored on the Port Darwin line at 5.20 pjn. yesterday. Thb Case op George Picmridge.— The Go vernment have appointed Messrs. H. E. Downer, S.M. (Commissioner of Insolvency), W. E. Boothby, JP. (Sheriff), and G. B. Scott, S.M., a Board to enquire into and report upon the con duct of the police with reference to the recent case of G. Plnmridge. Sjub of Oitt Peofkhtt.— On Thursday Messrs. Green & Co. sold the block of land, having a frontage of twenty feet to King William-street, on which the offices of Green and Co. stand, at £260 per foot, subject to the existing lease, which, has about ten years to ruu. Death of Fechtfb, teuj Actor.— The death Is announced in our London telegrams of the celebrated actor, Charles Fechter, one of the brightest ornaments of the modern stage, and the -founder of the new school of lational acts. We take the following notice of his career from ?? Men of the Time : '— tt He was born in Hanway Yard, Oxford-street, London, about 1823. His father was a German and his mother an English woman. He was educated in France, and for seme time applied himself to sculpture, but Laving »n inclination for the stage made his t'thiit at the Salle Molicre in ' Le Mari de la Veuve,' spent some weeks at the Conservatory, and enrolled himself in a company that made the rooiid of Italy. His first success on the French stage was as Dnval, in ' La Dame aux Camellias,' and he appeared at Berlin in 1S-16. On the English stage he became known by his imper sonation of Hamlet, in which character he first appeared at the Princess's Theatre in 1S63, and performed Othello at the same house in 1561\. At the Lyceum, opened under his .lessee ship in January, 1803, BL Fechter brought out **Ihe Duke's Motto,' 'Bel Demonio,' 'The Long Strike,' and other successful nieces, in most of which he played the principal character. At the commencement of the year 1670 he went to the United States, where he has remained, with the exception of ocsiional visits to Europe. In the early part of 1S78 he was successfully playing in New York.' Scddeh Deaths. — On 'Wednesday morning the sudden deaths of Mrs. Pascoe, of West Ade laide, and of Mrs. Prevell, of the Parade, Nor wood, were reported to Mr. T. Ward, J.P., the City Coroner. On enquiry, however, and con sultation with the medical men who had at tended the cases, the Coroner concluded that jpqnests were unnecessary. Pieanc akd 'EsxasTxusacesT. — The Flinders itreet Presbyterian Mutual Improvement Asso ciation commemorated the Eoyal Duke's Birth day by a picnic, followed by a tea and entertain irent. The spot chosen for the former was Ceromandel Valley, and as the weather was de lightful the drive and picturesque scenery were thoroughly enjoyed. On arrival at the Valley the usual games peculiar to such gatherings were heartily entered into by between seventy and eighty ladies and gentlemen. The far famed manufactory of the Messrs. Murray and Son was also visited, and the firm courteously showed the process of biscuit and jam making. The party returned to town in good time to prepare for the literary and musical portion, which, was held in the Lecture Hall of the church, the Rev. James Ly≪ occupying the chair. The programme consisted of songs, re citations, and a scene, ' Bob Sawyer's Party,' by the members. Altogether, the Association are to be congratulated on the success of the day's proceedings, thanks no doubt being due to the energy displayed by their indefatigable Secre tary, Mr. A. Walker. a A Toch of the Wohld.' — The fourth of a series of entertainments in aid of the Infant Classroom in connection with the Kent Town Wesleyan Church was held in the Lecture Hall on Thursday evening, August 7. There was a large attendance, and Mr. R. Snowies oocupied the chair. The entertainment consisted o£ tonga by lady amateurs, and a lecture by the Bev. S. Knight, the subject being ' A tour round the world.' The lecture was to have be*n a de Ecription of the trip to places made by the rev. gentleman on his late visit to Europe, but the lecturer had so much, to say about Paris and Some that there was not time to describe other places of interest, and it was decided that tbe lecture should be finished at a future time. In eloquent language, but in a manner peculiar to himself, the lecturer gave an account of tbe most important places in these great cities, besides those of minor interest. The rev. gentleman was heartily applauded during the delivery of the lecture, and at its close a vote of thanks was accorded to him. Semafhobb Lisb.— The train which nsn-'ly leaves the Port at 4.10 p.m. for the Semaphore was delayed ten minutes in St. Vincent-street on Thursday, August 7, by an accident to a coal truck which, obstructed the line. The track got off the rails, and it took some time to replace it. Beyond the detention no incon venience was experienced. Crrr Phhmaxkmt Brn.nrxf i Society. — The twenty-sixth half-yearly meeting of this Society was held at Groham Chambers on Thursday evening August 7. There was a fair attendance of shareholders, and [Mr. W. Bundey occupied the chair. The report and balance-sheet were laid on the table and adopted, and from the report we take the following extract: — 'The balance-sheet now presented compares favourably with former issues, more especially when we consider the nnusual tightness that has pre vailed in the money market during the past sis months; and the unusually small amount received for redemptions. The large sum of £20,311 has been received from all sources, and the share account maintains its position. It is, however, certain that more capital could be profitably employed, and hence new share holders are welcomed. The payments disclose that the considerable sum of £7.550 has been paid during the half-year to holders of shares worked out. This caused some what of a strain on the ordinary revenue, and necessarily limited the advances by way of mortgage ; under this head only £6,850 having been paid. A mrch larger business could have been done, bnt we consider our first duty is the prompt payment of all matured shares. The profit and lots' account yields a satisfactory result, £2,609 being tbe net surplus for the half-year, which allows for tbe same period the usual allotment of five shillings and sixpence per share.' The retiring Directors — Messrs. W. Bnndey, J. Lloyd, and W. Baker— were re elected. Satisfaction was expressed at_ the progre-s and prosperous condition of the Society, and a vote of thanks to the Directors and Secre tary closed the meeting. City Mismon Haix.— The. Black Diamond Minstrels gave a very successful entertainment in the City Mission Hill on Thursday evening, August 7. There was a crowded attendance, and a rally amusing entertainment was pro vided. The audience were evidently 'flelighted with it, and applauded accordingly. The per formers and singers were Messrs. Grutzmacher, Veysey, Stirling, Cooper, Billin, Evans, Collins, Matthews, and DeYere. - . Biflb Phactick at TiiiPLMS.— On Wednes day, August 6, a few gentlemen met at the T«tmplers rifle range for private practice with the Enfield rifles. The firing at the first three ranges was considered satisfactory, but daring the practice at the last range the wind was strong. The ammunition used was of an Inferior quality and short-weight, otherwise the shooting would have been better. This club is said to be the oldest Enfield private club in the colony. The followiug were the scores:— M. Wake, S4 ; J. Lawson, 75 ; T. Barnfield, 69 ; J. Easterbrook, 6$; T. Riches, 68; John Roberts, 65 ; J. T. Barker, M ; W. K. Jackman, 41. The distances fired were 330, 300, 400, and 500 yards. Tbeatrb Kotal— There was not nearly so good an audience at the Keyal on TbnrwUy evening as the very clever aud finish*! repre t«ntation of the play of 'Jane Shore' de n aaded. Mrs. Lewis's impersonation of the un fortunate victim of the Dnke of Glcoter'a villiny was thoroughly appreciated by the audience, and frequently greeted with applause. Mr. F. Thome appeared to advantage as the honest friend both of the dstiuled heroine of the play and her injured husband, aud Mr. Lawrence's representation of 'the uruionipulous ??loster was really an excellent performance. To-night the comedy- of ?* Masks and Fares'' is announced for production, and on Saturday the stage will be occupied with burlesque. Ast IxsrRA5CE Cask. — The Ary-n f Ang'ist 4 states that ia the Melbourne Supreme Court on Saturday la st reserved judgment was given in tie case of the National Marine Insurance Company of South Australia v. Halfey. Ti:e pUiLtiSs sued the Australian Alliance As surance Company on a policy of reinsurance on the barque Leota. The question raised in the case was whether the defendant could, a* again** tre original Company that insured, raise th-j e- me defence to an action on the policy as ths plaintiffs could have raised against the owners -i the Leota. This Court some years aso held in favour of the view taken by the defendants : that it was competent for them to show that the vesfel was not lost by the r»frs insured against ; -nt the Insurance Company wished theqnestion argued again, in consequence of a decision given fcy tbe New South Wales Supreme Court, as w»s supposed, K- the contrary effect. On Satur day the Court intimated that ft adhered to the ?vitw it had previously pronounced, and gave judgment for the defendant , Ukceiyed.— ZonJen Scatty for Jcoe. Thb Sbwag* Fahm.— In the Assembly on i rbursday the Commissioner of Public Works Boved a motion affirming the desirability of utahlishing a sewage farm at Tain O'Shanter Belt, as recommended by the Hydraulic Engineer. The hon. gentleman made an able ind comprehensive speech, which lasted about m hour and ten minutes. Ha began by tracing the history ot the drainage question in South Australia from 1S75, when Mr. Kees took action which resulted in the appointment of the Sanita tion Committee, until the present time, referring particularly to the visit of Mr. Clark, C.E., the subsequent pasting of the Adelaide Sewers Bill, ind the^ arrival of Mr. Oswald Brown (the Hydraulic Engineer). Mr. Brown, he pointed out, was a competent authority on the rewage question. He had taken a prize »t the Institute of Civil Eugineers iu 1572 for a paper on the disposal of sewage, and he had visited most of the sewage farms in England. The Engineer, when he was told the cost of the land at the proposed site at Findon, considered it exceedingly high, and after careful consideration he recommended the chcice of a site at Tarn O'Shanter Belt, where the land was equally suitable and far less costly. It should be remembered, Sir. Hawker said, that when Mr. Clark reported on the question it was only contemplated to drain the City of Adelaide, whereas it was now intended to carry out a much larger scheme. He had received a letter from the Hon. Henry Scott, who aaid Mr. Clark had told him that Fiudoa was a good site, but if the works were extended it would be better for the drainage to be taken more in the direction of the site now recommended. Mr. Clark, however, did not mention Tarn O'Shanter Belt particularly, as his attention had not been rilled to the place- The cost of taking the main sewer to Tarn O'Shanter Belt would be £43,400. If the Findon site were adopted the cost would be £52,450, to which had to be added £4,000 for an additional drain from Medindie and neigh bourhood, and £20,000 for extra cost of land, making a total of over £76,000. Then it should be remembered there were not more than 401} acres of suitable land which could be obtained at Findon, while at Tarn O'Shanter Belt a thou sand acres could be acquired if necessary. If the former site were adopted the effluent waters would have to go into the Torre us, while if the lalter were chosen they would go into the sen by way of the North Arm. The hon. gentleman announced that from returns which had been prepared it had been ascertained that in 1376 the wind blew over Adelaide from the direction of the Reedbeds (Findon) during 162 days, and from the direction of Tarn O'Shantar Belt duriug 71 days, the number of days for 1877 being 135 and 79 respectively. Making a similar com parison with regard to Port Adelaide, it was found that in 1S76 the wind blew 26 days and in 1877 44 days from the neighbourhood of the Reedbeds, the number of days on which the breezes came from the locality of the Belt being 7 in 1876 and 6 in 1877. From analyses of the soil at the rival sites Mr. Francis, the analytical chemist, had come to the conclusion that the land at Tarn O'Shanter Belt was much more free from accumulations than that at Findon, and that it was therefore in a better condition for receiving sewage. The Commis sioner quoted largely from authorities to show that sewage farms were not injurious to health, and read statistics to prove the great produc tiveness of soil enriched bv sewage. Mr. Hawker was followed by Mr. Bees in a speech of about equal length, in which he entered with precision into the whole subject, his contention being that the question was of such great im portance that it sbould be referred to a Commis sion of competent gentlemen to 'decide between the two sites. The enquiry, in his opinion, need not take more than a fortnight. The hon. gen tleman unfortunately sat down without moving the amendment he had intended, but a fellow member afterwards proposed the reference of the matter to a Commission. One or two other speeches were made, and the debate was ad journed for a week. Exphhimbiitai. Farms.— The account received from the Experimental Farm at Mannahill, North-East, for the month of July is anything hut favourable. The Overseer writes as fol lows :— '? Last month I reported that the wheat was languishing for want of rain. The weather continued dry till the 23rd of this month, during which time about one-third of the wheat (which was three inches high two months ago) perished. The shower on the 23rd had a wonderfully reviving effect on what was still alive, but the season is so far advanced, and the crop so thin and patchy, that all prospect of a really good crop has vanished. I am not able to make fast pro gress wi'h fallowing and rolling, in consequence of the scarcity of feed. I am compelled to temper the work to tbe condition of the horses, «o as not to distress them. The feed is spring ing up. Rainfall during the month, 0050 inches on eight days. Temperature— Highest, t-2°; lowest, 30°; average, 50ft3.' The Over seer of the Experimental i'arm ar Milicent, South-East, reports that he h?a 235 acres under cultivation, of which 10 acres are barley, 30 acres of oats, and 245 of wheat, and that the general state of the crop is healthy. The rain fall during the month was 2-010 inches. Tem perature—Highest, 6S° ; lowest 574 ; average, 64°. Owing to the unfavourable weather the sowing is not quite finished, but the Overseer expects to have it all completed by August S. LbCTCHB Uf THE CLARB INSTITUTE.— On Wednesday, August 6, Dr. Bain gave a lecture in the Town Hall, Clare, in aid of the Institute funds. The subject was 'The Paris Exhibi tion.' The lecturer was in Paris while the Exhibition was open, and was thus able to speak from personal knowledge. Nearly 100 illustra tions were given. They consisted of plain and coloured photographs of tbe principal objects of interest, including the Australian Courts. The views were seen by the aid of the oxydrogen limelight, under tbe management of Mr. W. Shakespeare, of Adelaide, and shown for tbe first tune ia Clare. The affair was highly successful, for the views were thrown by the powerful rays of tbe limelight ou a screen twenty-two feet in diameter. The large hall was densely crowded, and the frequent bursts of applause testified that the entertainment was thoroughly appreciated. EXHIEIT3 KOB THE SlDSBT EXHIBITION. — Messrs. J. Colton and Co. have fitted up for the Sydney Exhibition a case of saddlery and harness calculated to reflect not only great credit upon the firm, but upon the colony, for the excellence of the workmanship of the various articles. The case itself — an oblong octagon, manufactured by Messrs. Anniss and Co., of North Adelaide — is a handsome affair, 11 feet high and 12 feet long, made of ebouized wood, with plateglass front, back, and ends. It contains a fine collection of saddles, from the substantial well made stock saddle, with venti lation panel; handsome park saddle of hogskin, with doeskin seat, kneepads, and padded daps; to the toy-like racing saddle, weighing only a few pounds. One lady's saddle is elaborately quilted all over, and the saddlery generally consists of articles made in the most perfect manner of tbe best materials and finest forms. The case also contains carriage, buggy, ex press, and gig harness of splendid ma terial and admirable workmanship — some of black leather, with elegant manganese, bronze, or silver furniture, others of brown leather, tastefully put together. In addition to the; harness and saddlery are several solid Kather trunks, upon which a great amount of skill and taste has been expended ; a large travelliig trunk, with every convenient fittiug inside; a gentleman's portmanteau; and a peculiarly shaped but very handy travelling bag of patent leather, with silver-plated mount ings. The whole case contains some £400 worth of first-class colonial-made articles, worthy of a place in the Sydney Exhibition, to which it is to be forwarded in a day or two by the steamer Ridge Park. Mr. E.H. Herring, or the Way mouth-street marble works, intends sending to tbe Exhibition an arched chimney-piece in New England marble. This is of a light-drab colour, mottled with a darker shade. It is in the Italian style, and is a handsome article of its kind. Tbe other exhibit is a pretty casket carved in Carrara marble. It is supported at each corner by dragons, and the cover is sur niconted by two children playing with dowers. Adslaidh Huirr Clvb Sthhfi-bchasbs.— We hive to remind members of the Huot Club that tlie geceral meeting to consider the programme and fix the date of tbe annual steeplechases takes plaot- this afternoon at 4 30. It is desi rable that there should he a good master, in order that the past programme msy be thoroughly caiivamxl with a view to any possi ble improvement!'. Since tbe firs: steeplechases in '69. when only three events were ou the card, tie programme has from time to time been altered, and i; i* thought with advantage. An&LAiDK; Chii-DEKs's HosriTAi.. — A meeting oc tie Geutral Committee of this institution will be held -At tli« Hospital, Bro-ighaui- pla;e. this afternoon. ADsurna Hr;rr Cub.— The fcouuds are sdrertisi-J to meet at the Glynde on Saturday i next, at the usual hour. We understand that by ' the goodwill of the landowners a capital line has again been selected, and th»t no one will have cause to complain that it is deficient in length of fences. Morb Baskixu Aixomv 1UTK.5.— We are informed that tbe Bank of New South Wales pnrtose opening a branch of that institution at Port Adelaide at au e«rly date. A branch of the Xaticnal Bank has been opened at Beachport. The SEWAr.B Farm.— At a speciil meeting of the Hindmarsh Corporation, held on Tbarsilay, August 7, to consider the two sites for the Sewage Farm, it was resolved that the Council approve of Tarn O'Shanter Bolt as the better site. OFBXIHG OF I56T1TTTE8 AUD MCTTCTIS OH SrsDATS.— A public meeting of citizens was held at the Town Hall on Thursday evening for the purpose of considering the motion now before the House of Assembly for the opening of institutes and museums on Sundays. There was a large attendance, and from the commence ment it was evident that the feeling of the gathering wa3 in favour of the proposition. The tollowing resolution, proposed by Mr. W. Everard, J.P., and seconded by the Kev. C. C. Elcum, 3LA., was carried by a large majority, an amendment upon itjhaving been negatived : — u That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable to give greater facilities for the recreation of a moral and intellectual character by permitting the opening en Sunday afternoons of museums, libraries, and similar institutions receiving Government aid.' It was resolved, on the motion of Father Prendergast. seconded by Mr. John Clark, that the iLiyor sign a petition to the Assembly embodying this resolution. Kecest Fire at Port Adbiaide. — The adjourned enquiry on the fire which occurred at Mr. Jackson's shop, Commercial-road, on Monday morniDg, August -1, was resumed by the City Coroner, Mr. J. Ward, J.P., at the Exchange Hotel, Fort Adelaide, on Thursday morning, August 7- Mr. H. F. Downer appeared for Mr. Jackson ; Mr. J. T. Turnbull for the Insurance Companies generally ; Mr. T. J. King for the Imperial Insurance Company ; and Mr. Joshua Evans lor the South Amtralian Insurance Company. Councillor Hains was foreman of the Jury. Detective Hampton said he hid, with Deputy- Superintendent Sanders, examined the premises since the fire, and believed that it started in tbe south corner. Found nothing there of a suspicious nati're. The gas meter was fixed in that corner. Matches were also found there. Found some paper, but it was only partially burnt. Thought the paper fell from a shelf. By Mr. Downer — Saw no burnt matches in the corner where the fire originated. Should think the fire broke out on one of the shelves. By Mr. Turnbull — Thought it was possible for the paper found to have been wrapped round goods that were burnt or damaged. Thomas Jackson, of Cannon- street, eaid he first heard of the fire at half- past 6 o'clock on Monday msrning. He was asleep at his house in Cannon-street, Port, when a labourer called to tell him that his place was in dames. Before he had dressed a con stable came, saying the fire was out. He had a policy in the Imperial Insurance Company for £200. Was last on the premises at half-past G on Sunday night, when he called to get a paper in reference to a lawsuit. Thought that the paper was on a file hanging to the gas-pipe leading from the meter. Used the gas, but carefully extinguished the match. .Re mained in the shop half an hour, searching for the paper, which he could not frad. Did not smoke on the premises. Put the gas out at the meter and jet before leaving the shop. Had not increased or decreased his stock of late. Could not estimate the value of the stock or damage. Had occupied the shop about four years and a half. Had wax matches in the shop, placed in the centre of the premises. Had no idea of the origin of the fire. By Mr. Turnbull— The back door was left unlocked on Sunday night. By Mr. Downer — Considered the stock and fixtures to be worth from £250 to £3G0 at the time of the fire. Had been in sured in the Imperial Office from July, 1S7S. By Sergeant Sullivan — After leaving the shop on Sunday night went to the Semaphore, return ing to his residence at 11 p.m. Did not call at the Police Station oa Monday morning. Had not removed any goods from the shop during three or four days prior to the fire. By Coroner — There was £24 in notes in a small leathern box in the shop when the fire occurred. Was accustomed to keep money on the premises. By Sergeant Sullivan— Remembered the next shop being broLen into a few months ago and coins abstracted. The police then cautioned him not to leave valuables in the premises. No one knew that he had n-oney there. Detective Hampton deposed that he had carefully searched for traces of the leathern box referred to, but found none. Thomas Sanders, Deputy-Superintendent of the Fire Brigade, raid he received notice of the fire at 3 a m. on Monday morning. The reel was got to the fire in five minutes. The iron nearest the Bank of South Australia was redhot, leading him to suppose that it originated there. Burst open the door, but found it inconvenient to play there. Promptly cut away the iron at the seat of the fire, au-l got the dames under control in five minutes. Had examined t'ue premises since with Detective Hampton, bnt found nothing of a suspicious character. Detective Hampton and a constable were sent to research for traces of any leathern box, and returned, finding none. J. Counsel!, manager of the Alberion Gasworks, said he had examined the gas-meter since the fire, finding tbe gas turned on, which might possibly have been caused by debris felling upon the meter. Sergeant Sul livan asked for an adjournment. A man had been seen near the premises just before the fire, and further evideuce might be forth coming. The inouestwas accordinirl v atHourued until Tuesday. Thb Cbijhnal Sirrnrcs. — At Thursday's sittings of the Criminal Court, before His Honor the Chief Justice,. Ernest William Lockstone was found guilty of forgery and uttering a money order, and guilty on another information of uttering with a guilty knowledge, for which he was sentenced to three years; Richard Bentley Cawthorpe was convicted of uttering,- aud sentenced to two years and six months ; John Archibald McLean was acquitted of a charge of false pretences on the ground that the prcof of his identity was insufficient to satisfy the Jury ; Philip Brown Fox was con victed of forgery and uttering, and pentenced to ; two years, and also to six. months for defrauding by false pretences; Charles Andrews was also convicted of stealing from the person, and ; sentenced to three years; a -nolle prosequi was entered in the case of assault against Charles Lewis; and a conference was -allowed in the case of aggravated assaalt against .James Sibley. Robert Patrick Prentice, who at Tuesday's sittings pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing from the person, was sentenced to twelve calendar months. The cases set down for trial to-day are as follows :— Murrayon, alias Jack Baclaw, murder : Joseph. Roden, stealing from a 'dwelling; Isabella Lockley, honse ibreakicg and theft ; William Taylor/ larceny ; Peter Hansen, malicious assault: and William Pollach, stealing from the person. Ecomomic Bpodikcj Socibtt, Bowdks. — Oa Tuesday evening, August 5, a meeting of the shareholders in this Society took place. Mr. J. KMitton (one of the Directors) was, voted to the chair, and stated that the Society, after an existence of six year* and nine months, had now been brought to a close,, and he was happy to *ay successfully. The Secretary (Mr. T. W. Lawton, read tbe balance-sheet, which showed that £44,232 10s. had been received, and that a profit had been made on 723 £50 shares of £15 16s. 7d. per share. At the close of the meeting three cheers were given for the late Directors and Secretary. Semaphore Bapttst Church. — An entertain ment in aid of the library established in con nection with the Semaphore Baptist Church .- Sunday-school was given on Wednesday night, August 6, presided over by the Kev. J. Price. Mr. 6. Swann exhibited a number of dissolving vitws illustrative of the ' Pilgrim's Progress' and other subjects. The affair was a numerical and financial success, there being a large atten dance, with a net profit of over £5. Immigration axd Emtobatiox.— The num ber of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during the week ending Saturday, August .2, was 191. Of these 141 came from Melbourne and 50 from London. Tbe number of persons who left by similar means daring- the like period was &i.; Of these 62 went to Mel bourne and 2 to East London. ';[ Istehcolosiax Football. — Messrs. Heily Brothers, of Hindley-street, have presented Mr. W. l'.racken, of the Norwood Club, with a beautifully finished pair of football boots for kicking a goal against the Geelong team in the Association match. SEBiors Accident.— The Narractmle HcraU of August 5 states that Mis« Morris, third daughter of Mr. Morris, of Kalangidoo Station, met with a frightful accident while travelling in tbe mail coach between Narracoorte and Fenola ou July 30. Shortly after leaving Fenola the asle of the conveyance broke, the result being that it toppled over. Iu the cap size Miss Morris, who waa on the box neat, got her head and a portion of her body underneath the coath ami was terribly brnised and lacerated. ! It was sorce time before the other passengers recovered thtir equanimity, but a fellow I passenger — Mr. Fullartou, of this town — who 1 w»» also on the box, with mach presence of ! rciud extricated the young laiiy from her perilous I-OMtion. Her life was at first despaired of, but hopes are now entertained of her recovery. D'Aect Read's Gbojt. — There was again a ; large attendance a* White's liooms on Thursday ciglit to see D'Arcy i;ead's clever ghost enter tainment, and it was received with every mirk of appreciation. To-nijjht the exhibition is advertised to be ncdrr the patronsije of His Excellency the Governor. Strike l-f Kailtay Me-\— Our Hamley Bridge correspondent, writing on Thursday, August 7, SlIvs : — ' The platelayers on the Hsmley Bridge and Bal.iklara line struck work this morning, aud all, or nearly all of them, left here by train directly afterwards. The exact canse does not appear to be jsecerally known, bnt there is little doubt it is some -;i.«p'it« about wages. The circumstance is to be regretted, as the contractor was just beginning to make pro gress with tbe work, and tbenlatelajingseesiel to be going on fast.' 