ROCKHAMPTON. June 3. THERE seems to be very little demand for land in this-district just now. On Tuesday last the Gracemere homestead area, situated only a short distance from the town, was thrown open to selection, bat on that day not a angle apaut cation wu received. This is partly t* •*•.. •• aoeounted for, I understand, by the disinqUajK tion of intending selectors to pay th» 10*. as vn1 fixed by tfis) BMtar as the Minimum ptioe on selecti& ApiittftQSY to the Govern-,, nxnt having for jfioWeci the reduction of the price ha* been Ettlfc ♦*>• oeighborhood, «d forwarded to the hatt Member for Blackall (Mr. Archer) for presentation. The building committee of the new Church of England are not lagging in the work (hay ha** undertaken. They bare been holding weekly, meetings since their appointment, and at last x muting the plan for the new building was chosen. It is the joint production of Messrs. Searr and Voysey, architects, and it foreshadows ,'<• very'pretty edifice. The money Is coming in <*4ryi satisfactorily, and the prospects of the ' sftafiy erection 64the akiroh, WokAdsjh t There seems, to oe noßack of the medical pro*i fission ia the colonies if one might judge from, the number of applicants lor the position of surgeon to the Port Curtis Hospital. The com mittee held a meeting yesterday afternoon to make the appointment, but as there were aavea applicants, and their testimonials very volumU nous, it was decided to depute their consideration to a sub-committee composed of four members of the committee and three of the visiting surgeons. All the gentlemen who apply arc possessed of vsvj high qualifications, and the difficulty will btf.to choose between them. The successful applicant will be declared on Thurs* day afternoon. The KftT^V— are taking full advantage of British freedom in a manner which renders them very frequently a nuisance. Last Satur day night about a dozen of these gentlemen held the town, almost in defiance of the three guardians of the peace who were the only con stables on duty. The islanders are aware that a constable must exercise considerable restraint before resorting to the use of the bates, and they take full advantage of their knowledge. One of the islandero was arrested for disorderly conduct, but the others fell on the policeman to release- their countryman. The other two constables, however, having been called, succeeded in locking up the offender, but not without a struggle. On the same afternoon " Tommy" and "Charley," tWo other islanders, showed their warlike propensities by maltreating and wound ing a Chinaman. # Enterprise in the 'bus line is suffering no di minution, but—on the contrary—is comprising within its influence every outskirt of the town. Only a short time ago I reported that four omni buses were plying; now there are more than half-a-dozen, and they all seem to do welL Contrasted with fifteen months ago, when there was not one 'bus in Rock hampton, the ohange is equally surprising and gratifying. One of it* effects is the increased value of suburban building allotments, and there can be little doubt that within a few years the town will have far more suburbs than at present —a change which will be advantageous both for the business and the health of the inhabitants. Another change no less gratifying is the popu larity of the Botanical Garden, which on Satur day and Sunday afternoons is visited by a con siderable number of the townspeople. The gar den has hitherto been mainly useful as a nursery, and residents in the chief agricultural districts have reason to Mr. J. S. Edgar, the ob liging curator, for rare and useful plants ; but for the future the garden will enter upon the Bphere of usefulness for which it was more espe cially designed, but which the distance from the town prevented it from attaining. We have at length seen the "ghost"—" Carl ton's Ghost," of course, of which you know per haps more than I do. The entertainment is likely to have crowded houses during its stay here. Miss Stephenson's theatrical company are doing remarkably well, notwithstanding the dull ness of the times. They deserve success, and they are doing their beßt to prolong it. 