THE TURKISH ADMINISTRATION. Under ordinary circumstance the downfall of a TnrHsh Ministry would only excite passing attention, but re cently everything connected with the administration of the Porte has acquired special interest. In England especially such changes are regarded with serious concern. It is felt that British honour stands pledged to the execution of certain reforms, which may be greatly hastened or indefinitely retarded according to the temper and disposition of the Sultan and biB advisers. It is perceived also that there is no prospect whatever of the re habilitation of Turkey unless the Govern ment honestly sets its hand to the work. There is a natural feeling of impatience to see the proposed improvements de finitely introduced and energetically pro secuted. Hence the feeling of com parative indifference which used to prevail towards the announcement of Turkish Ministerial changes ha? given place to one of interest. So long as the affah-a of the nation were in the hands of a ring of unscrupulous Turkish Pashas such changes were rarely of a character to justify any special considera tion. They meant little more than that one set of intriguers had contrived to obtain the upper hand of another, and tho alteration did not involve any marked modification in the internal management of the country or the conduct of it3 foreign policy. Each Administration in turn professed to be actuated by patriotic feelings, and having done so proceeded diligently to look after its own interests by making the most of its opportunities. Accordingly it mattered but little to the people who held the reins of government, for by all they were oppressed, mis governed, and plundered ; or to foreign countries, for the same Oriental tune of apathy and duplicity was played, with slight variations. Now, however, that the Western nations, and espe cially Great Britain, have gained and are exercising tho right to in terfere, and that Turkish independence exists only in name, the case is altered. The character of the new Cabinet, the attitude it will assume towards other countries, and the sincerity with which it will prosecute the work of reformation all become questions of international . importance. Such a transference of power may either be a retrogade move ment or a step in advance ; but in either case it has considerable significance and must produce tangible results. ; There are several good reasons for sup posing that the appointment of tho new Ministry is a favourable indication. Its suddenness took the best- informed Con tinental journals by surprise, and is regarded as betraying the vacillating character of Abdul Hamid. Opinions of the most contradictory character are expressed as to the effect likely to be pro duced; but it seems evident that in selecting his advisers tho Sultan has dis played unwonted courage and departed from the beaten track of Turkish politics in an unexpected manner. He has not confined himself to the ordinary circle within which the highest offices of Statehavo usually been retained, and tho infusion of new blood into the Administration may inaugurate a fresh phase in the political life of the Porte. The appointments of Khair-ed-din as GrandVizer, of Caratheo dori as Minister of Foreign Affairs, and of Ghazi Osman a3 Minister of War seem designed to convince the world that the Sultan is sincere in his liberal protestations and earnestly desirous to fulfil his promises. As we have before pointed out, it is a significant fact that the two former of these high officiate are not Turks at all, and Caratheodori uot even a Mussulman. Times must be changed at Constantinople when a Circa33iau holds the office of Grand Vizier and the Foreign policy of the empire is directed by a Greek. But Khair- ed-din is not only of an alien race ; he is the chief apostle of a new Mohammedan gospel. About ton years ago he published a pamphlet in which— according to a correspondent of the Times — he 'endeavoured to prove that modern ideas of liberty and progress are not at all inconsistent with the cardinal principles of Islam as con tained in the Koran and expounded by the most learned doctors of the law, and that contrary opinions on this subject proceed from ignorance or erroneous interpretation of the sacred writings.' Whatever may be said for or against this doctrine, the work in which it was published proves Khair-ed-din to be a man of strong individuality and energy. He insists that if ever the regeneration of Turkey is to be accomplished it must be 'by Mussulmans themselves in accord and that the clergy must be enjoined to take an active part in the work.' It ia known that the Sultan has studied tho book with great care and believed that this led to the transference of Khaired din from Tunis, where he was formerly Prime Minister, to Stamboul, and thus prepared the way for his subsequent elevation. Whether he will now ener getically prosecute the reforms about which he has proved himself an able theorizer is a matter on which it is too early to pronounce an opinion. The practical difficulties in the path he has indicated are manifold and great. His policy would give increased influence to the Ulemah3 ; and, judging by the paBt history of Moslem fanaticism, the outlook in that direction for the non-Mussulman inhabitants of Turkey is anything but cheering. Nevertheless, the introduction of an active, enterprising, and vigorous mind into the Councils of State ib cal culated to be an improvement on the leaden impassiveness we have been ac customed to see. It was inevitable that the appointment of Caratheodori should be regarded at Vienna with strong distrust. His known opposition to the Bosnian Convention, his attitude at Berlin, and his presumed sympathy with his Russian co- religionists fully account for this feeling. Hence the most sinister results are apprehended from the new appointments. One journal regards them aa nuking a definitive settlement between Russia and Turkey possible ; another considers that henceforth greater watchfulness on the part of the European Powers will be necessary; and a third 'will not be astonished if before very long England, France, and Austria should be suddenly greeted with the news— Russia is occupy ing Constantinople.' These cries of alarm are evidently elicited by the novelty and suddenness of the event, and need not be regarded very seriously. That which causes them ia the one thing amid much that' is doubtful that may be re garded with unhesitating satisfaction. The Sultan has given proof that, with &Ij; his timidity, he still possesses some amount of boldness and decision. Pos- ? sessed by a chronic fear of conspiracy ho has dared to break the trammels of official cliques. The elevation of Khair-ed-din proves that the days of Ottoman exclu siveness are over, and the appointment of the Greek Christian Caratheodori is an unmistakable advance in the direction of religious equality. It is reported that already the Grand Vizier has given proofs of his philosophic spirit in his assurance to the Armenian Patriarch that all Otto man subjects will be treated as having equal rights, and further remarks, ' Wo all pray to the same God : we in tho mosque and you in the church.' Coming from the lips of the highest functionary in the realm these words have a special signifi cance. It will be remembered thai doubt; and surprise were freely expressed when the present Foreign Minister was ap pointed as one of the Turkish plenipo tentiaries at the Berlin Congress. Although tho Turks have lung been in the habit of employing Greeks and Arme nians in subordinate ollices of the State the highest positions havo been regarded as beyond their ambition. The appoint ment of Caratheodori therefore breaks down a huge and injurious barrier, and indirectly secures tho social elevation of all Turkish Christians. There is there fore good ground to anticipate salutary results from the formation of tho new Cabinet, even although its power to effect the needed internal reformation may not prove all that could be desired. Tho conclusion of the long-deferred treaty of peace between Russia and the Porte, which has recently been announced, may be regarded as one of the firstfmits o£ , this welcome change in tho Turkish rigimc. The Crafers District Coouncil. again. — Some time ago we called attention to what seemed to be not only an act of vandalism upon the part of the Crafers District Council, but a gross sacrifice of tho interests of the ratepayers. The act then complained of was the sale by private contract of a large quantity of timber standing upon one of the roads in the Mount Lofty ranges at a price absurdly below its real value. An attempt was made by the Clerk of the Council to disprove our statements, but the production of corre- spondence upon tho subject showed that the allegation to which he took exception was amply justified. It now appears from representations made to us that the publicity then given to what at the best was a most ill-advised and unwarranted transaction has been utterly without effect in convincing the Council of the error o! their ways. Quite re- cently they have entered into a private arrangement for the sale of the timber standing upon the roads between Sections 1137 and 1138, the purchaser being Mr. R. Wills, and the price realized the insignificant sum of £3 10s. Amongst this timber there are several beautiful trees, which form a leading attraction in what is a most attractive spot, and not unnaturally somes of the residents are deeply chagrined that for such a paltry consideration one of the special charms of the place should be ruth lessly given over to destruction. It appears that, not content with soiling the trees, the Council have made no provision for grubbing them up, and accordingly the purchaser is adding to the inconvenience of traffic upon what is under any circum- stances a somewhat inaccessible road, by leaving stnmps here and there above the surface of the ground. Mr. Tomkin- son, who has taken a special interest in the matter, and has written to the Council on the subject, has appealed to the Commissioner of Crown Lands to interpose his authority. This Mlr. Playiord has of course declined to do on the ground that it is a matter which rests entirely with the ratepayers. If they choose to acquiesce in the action of their representatives there is no redress, and the work of spoliation must proceed. The simplest plan under the circumstances would appear to be to call the rate payers together and submit the question to them. Even if the aesthetic argument fails to move them— and there must be a majority among them who recognise the advantage of preserving as many of the natural beauties of Mount Lofty and its surroundings as possible — they cannot overlook the importance of insisting that these sales of timber should be effected by open auction or tender, in order that the highest price obtainable should be secured. On every ground it aeems to us that the action of the Council, if it is as represented to us, is worthy of the severest condemnation. The Cable News. — The announce ment which has been mado by tho Prime Minister in the Houso of Lords that tho Government are determined to fully wipo out the disaster the British anna havo undergone in South Africa, although that intention h«w already manifested itself in. the arrangements which havo been sna-lo for reinforcing Lord Chelrasford'a troops, will he received with universal satis faction. Whatever may be the imme diate result of the unhappy miataka that has been committed, the supre macy of the British must bo re asserted at any cost. Somewhat inoppor tunely, as it strikes ua, Lord Beacons field adverted at th© same- timo to tho Afghan expedition, and that too in remark able terms. If tho 'success' of this campaign, which lias so far been almost a bloodless one, were alreixly complete it might be mentioned by way of net-off to the serious defeat of British troops in Zululand. But the expedition is not yet at an end. Tl-e troop3 in Afghanistan are now snowed up iu the mountain fastnesses of the Amir's territory, and the Bpring may bring with it disasters almost as terrible as that wHch has befallen the English in Africa. According to Lord Eeoconsfield 'tho Afghan expedition has completely achieved the objects for which it was dispatched — the protection of tho frontier and the preservation of the independence of Afghanistan.' It is really difficult to know what iho object of the campaign really is. At first it was to checkmate Russia, then to wipe out an insult offered to the BritiEh Government, next to obtain a ' scientific rectification' of tho 'haphazard north- weafc frontier,' and now it is to ' protect our frontier and maintain the independence' of Afghani stan.' What it will be to-morrow it is impossible to conjecture. Bat it would bo gratifying to learn how a frontier which has never been threatened has been, pro tected by the dispatch of a few columns of troops, which are still in a hostile country, and 'whose communications with British India are probably cut off by tho raowB, if we except the Q'aetta column, and which have still to encounter tho present Amir's forces before they can eater Kabul. It would be equally instruc tive toleam in what manner the indepen- | -lence of Afghanistan has been maintained. Its whilom ruler, Sher Ali, has fled to the confines of 'Russian territory, and for all that is known may be concerting plans with the Muscovites for the circum vention of the British. The spirit of mutiny and disaffection is abroad, and the chiefs are fighting among themselves, while the quasi-independent tribes are making raids upon the invaders. Even this state of affairs does not attain the ideal of Imperial ' independence.' When the country is overrun with the Imperial troops, when British officers are stationed in eviry to~wn and fortress, when the Amir, be he Yakub Khan or another, is brought to a condition of pure vassalage, thenfand then only, v;e tike it, should Afghanistan be truly 'independent' in the eyes of Lord Beaconsfield. Thb Exolish Mail Steahhe.1?.— Tho Post master General informs as that the incoming mail steamer Assam left Galle at 5 p.m. on the 7th inst, and the Tanjore, homL-ward-bjund steamer, arrivtd there at 5 p.m. on the 12:fc. Thb FifiE in Kiso Wizliam-stbret. — The City Coroner wiH hold an inquest this moruicuj at the Permsctnt Equitible Building Society's Boom, above Messrs. Main & Geyer'a, in Hia dley- strtet, ou the fire which occurred ia King Wil liam-street on. Wednesday night. The Liqcoh Traffic.— In accordance with « promise made by the Chief Secretary to a -!epntation who waited upon him two months ago with reference to the subject, a Commission is to be appointed to enquire into the whole mbject of the liquor traffic. 'We understand that the members will consist of the fiona. J. l-'ifher, H. Scott, and J. Ctrr, Messrs. H. Fmser. 51 P., W. J. Magurey, M.P., S. Tomkinson, J.P.', and D. Nock, J.P. The Commission to th?se gentlemen will probably be issued by Hii Kscellency the Governor in about a week's time. Lijiitatioh or IsnriCEATiorr. — On Thursday, February 13. a telegram was dispatched by the Commissioner of Crown Lands to the Emigrr. tiou Agent in London, directing him to cease sending short Immigrant ships. It is Mr. Play forti'a intention in this manner to gradually l*s«en the number of immigrants for South Australia; but as there are at nresent in the department about 4,000 names of per sens who have been nominated by their frietds here for passages, it 13 not ileemed politic to suspend immigration en tirely. A ship will leave next month, whose passengers will be all nominated immigrants. The Woodlark is now overdue with 290 immi grants ; the Loch Fynne is neirly due, with 43(i ; and the Trevelyan, with 35C_ and the Starof India, with 365, ans on the voyage. Tte Durham, with a full complement, leaves this mentb. Whecx at Port Macqxabib.— The following information, received on Friday morning from Port Macquarie, has been supplied to us by the Postmaster-General : — 'Steamer Ballina total wreck on bar here.' Nbtcitahxet Opb^iso Meeting.— The nomi nations for the Newmarket opening meeting on J'tbinary 22 at Morphettville are very satisfac tory, and with a fairly equal handicap, which we hope Mr. Barnard may be able to frame, there frbould be some good sport. The names of nominators stow that the races are being sup ported by our leading sportsmen. There arc eight entries for the Handicap Hurdle Race, eleven 'for the Morphettville Cup, six for the Handicap Steeplechase, ten for the Halfail Flutter, as well as fourteen in the Trotting Sweepstakes. Weights are to be declared ou Monday, and on Thursday tho acceptances will be due. 'We are sorry that two nomination-) for the races arrived too late. Mr. E. Swinden telegraphed about half-past 3 from Smith? eld to enter his horse SroithSeld for the Hurdle .Race and The Globe for the Cop, but as the message did not arrive till a quarter past 4 the nominations could not be received, a notice to that effect having been included in the adver tisement. Thotiiko Races.— The handicaps for these racfs, which are to take place oa February 22, will be declared at the Globe Hotel to-day. Weights fob thb Great NoaTHEits Handi caps. — These handicaps, which have been pnt together by Mr. Henry Hughes, appear in thii issue. Tub Opeea Compact.— The opening per formance of the English Opera Company will be given at the Theatre Royal this evening, when -Les Cloches de Corneville' will be presented for the first time in the colony. Considering the popularity which the principal singers, Miss Clara Thompson and Mr. Bracy, have gained in ;l.e other colonies, and the merits of some of tre other performers who are known to the Adelaide public, there is every probability of the season being a successful one, more espe cially as the company seem likely to have the business of providing amusement for the citizens limited to themselves. The Poht asd Semaphore Line.— We hear that the Traffic Manager has replied to the reqnest for the alteration of the 1.30 p.m. up train on this line to 1.45 p.m. that ic could not be done without affecting the timetable duriDg the greater part of the day. Mistakes iDBHTrrr.— We are informed that the employer of the Port- road drayman who was arrested on Thursday in mistake for another person has received £1 from the Commissioner cf Police as compensation for the loss of the roan's services, and tbat the constable who took him into custody has apologized for hi* mistake. SpiEircAxjssr Exrosm-. — We^nnderstand that Professor Baldwin and his daughter, who have been giving very clever expositions of so called spiritualist manifestations in the other colonies, will shortly appear in Adelaide. They will bi accompanied by the well-known agent, Mr. T. Kennedy. Kadina Watek Scprrr.— The Y. P. AJver tisirs&js; that very serious apprehensions exist atjKadina in reference to the supply of water. I is stated that there ia not more than a fort night's supply on hand Railway Extension.— The peopleatKoolang- (remarks the Y. F. Advertiser) are eager to get the Kailina and Barunga line extended to their townships, and have asked the inhabitants of Wallaroo and Kadina to join them in memo* realizing the Government to grant the extension. Mr. Alfred Grxss's Expedition. — We are desired by Messrs. Smith, Doswell, k Mills, licensed surveyors, to state that Mr. Alfred Giles — whose telegram to them regarding the state of the weather in the interior was pub lished by us a few days ago— was not engaged ou their account to survey and explore country, a-» reported. He merely addressed them relative to some land in which they were interested while he was passing through with stock for Dr. Browne's stations in the far interior. Special Gbickbt 'Matches.— We understand tbat arrangements have been made for two special Association matches, to take place on the Oval on February 26 and Starch 1. The first one will be an Association eleven v. twenty-two of Alma, and district, and the second will be against eighteen members of the National Asso ciation. Negotiation* have been entered into for a . match with the Adelaide and Suburbia Association, which ranks next to the senior As sociation, but they have not been successful as yet. It is expected, however, that an eighteen from the Suburban Association will meet a picked Association eleven later on in the season. Mo. Woodman's Music Warehouse.— We tod the pleasure on Friday, February 14, of lookine overs great extension of premises which Mr. Woodman, musicseller, of Bundle-street, has found necessary for the proper carrying on of his business. What used to be the billiird room of the Globe Hotel — a very commodious and lofty room— has been renovated, freshly painted, and made to communicate with Mr. Woodman's shop by a broad flight of stairs. This enables the proprietor of the establishment to adopt the practice of similar establishments ia Melbourne, of having one apartment devoted to pianos and one to organs and harmoniums, the shop being retained for music The new showroom, which has been tastefully hung round with oil paintings, contains at present & large number of pianos of various sizes and shapes, and from several of the most esteemed makers. When fitted it will contiin sixty or seventy of these instruments, while giving visitors ample room, to see and try what they are desirous of pur chasing. One or two organs and an Erard harp axe also here. With this addition Mr. Wool man will have an extensive music establishment. Thb Thocsaito-Achb Claubb.— The Oommis lioncr of drown Lands haa given instructions to the Surveyor-General tbat for the future so 3D ore . land than is sufficient .to .roako. up a thousand acres ehall be granted to any selector to be held under agreement at one time. It appears that ten celectors have since the passing jf the Land Act of last session taken up blocks which extend their area. to over 1,000 acres. Thtir names are John Kinnane, who has selected an additional 456 acres, making 1,096; S. J. Moody, 532, total 1,190; W. A. Moody, 763, total 1,224; S.B. Moody, 888, total 1.52S; Wm. Tnpper,937,totall,050; J.Ding,900. total 1,205; John Eankine, 9G1, total 1,597 ; James Bright, jun., 1,000, total 1,584; and John Miller, 645, total 1,111. Two other persons, J. H. Larwood and P. EunQeld, have made selections which would bring their farms up to an acreage of 1,023 and 1,140 respectively, but the transaction has not been completed. On February 12, the day that we called attention to the matter, W. G. Forester applied for land which would have bioaght his holding up to a total of 1,617 acres, hud K. Reid for a block which would have made his acreage 1,191, but the applications in these cases have cot of course been granted. We are glad to find tbat the Commissioner has taken the responsibility of giving effect to the intentions of Parliament rather than to what may be regarded £3 the strict literal meaning of the Act. ' Tub GeeatPykahlo.'— This most ancient and interesting cf subjects was lectured oa by the Kev. J. J. Westwood in the Stow Lecture Hall on Friday evening, February 14. There was a numerous audience, and Mr. J. E. Mouldcn was voted to the chair. An additional iegree of interest was imparted to the proceed ings by the fact that the lecturer dealt largely with the prophetic and symbolical teachings of the Great Pyramid, especially in their relation to ' the year 1S31 and the aporcaching end of the age.' But Mr. Westwood did not allow himself to be carried away too far — either into the regions of romance or imagination. The first part of his lecture consisted of a detailed description of the wonderful structure — its measurements and its history. Then he dealt with the supposed lessons in stone given by this 'silent witness to the Lord of Hosts,' and by mmy texts from Scripture he sought to show that the various pyramidal lin-?3 and measurements symbolized the chief events ia sacred and profane history leading up to the first and second advent, of Christ. Sir. Westwood said his lecture was based on Mr. Piazzi Smyth's interesting book on the subject, and though he could not agree with all the explorer's deductions he sympathized with him in regard to most. The year 1881, he explained, was not to be the end of the world, as s ime people thought. It was to be a great era, but what i-; was to be none could foretell. He said by some it was regarded as the beginning of the millennium — the seventh thousand years since the beginning of the world. In support of this theory he tnentio-.ed that some eminent American scholars had recently discovered that an omission of 100 and odd years had occurred in the sacred records io the Old Testament, thus bringing up the six thousandth year to the year aj-. 1S31. As God worked six days and then rested so might this world be going to rest for a thousand years after the sixth had passed. The lecture con tained much interesting matter, and not a little to plep.se the most credulous and faucif ul among the audience. Part of it was delivered from notes and part extemporaneously, and from this cause the narrative was not as uniformly inter esting ss it might have been. Mr. Westwood illustrated his remarks by the aid of a large diagram. Findon and Torrens Roads.— A deputation from the Woodville District Council and intro duced by Mr. W. H. Bean, MP., waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works on Friday morning, February 14, to ask that £200 might be placed on the Estimates for the purpose of repairing the Findon and Torrens roads, which had been cut up owing to the heavy traffic being diverted on to them from the Port-road, in consequence of the state of disrepair the last-mentioned road was in. It was pointed out the Council had as much as they could do to maintain their roads with the funds at their disposal. Mr. Hawker, in reply, entertained the proposal favourably, and said as similar grants had been made to the West Torrens District Council under like circumstances he would very cheerfully recommend that the request of the deputation should be acceded to. Peeskstatios to Mr. A. Fischer.— On Taes tJp.y evening, February 11, the employes of Mr. A. Fischer, of O'Connell-street, North Adelaide, incited that gentleman to a gathering com memorating the opening of his new premises. After the usual toasts Mr. Woodroffe presented to Sir. Fischer, on behalf of the employed (twenty-two in number), an emu inkstand, mounted in silver and suitably engraved, as a mark of respect to him as an employer of labour. Mr. Fischer expressed his gratification, and a pleasant evening was afterwards spent. Sudden Death at Norwood. — An aged weman named Lydia Wood died suddenly a*. Norwood on Friday. Dr. Baily wa3 called to attend her, but when he arrived life was ex tinct. The City Coroner was communicate J with. Australasian Catholic Bhsefit Society.— The annual district meeting of this Society took place in St. Francis Xavier'a Hall oa Tuesday evening, January 28. The delegates were E: J. Conlon, P.C., and James Alyeo, from St. Patrick's Branch; Samuel Cann, St. John's; Robert Upton and John McKamara, SS. Peter and Paul's; and P. Martin, St. Laurence OTool's. The balance-sheet showed receipts for the half-year of £218 18* , against £173 8s. 3d., leaving a balance of £45 9j. 9d.; £97 had been paid for funerals. The branches hive steadily increased, and the Society on the whole is doing well. It was decided to hold a monster picnic, the proceeds from which should be devoted to the Widow and Orphan Fund. After the usual routine business the following officers were elected: — Brother John Young, D.O.; Brother E. J. Conlon, D.V.C.; Brother J. W. Allison, DJ5. ; Brother John Stapleton, D. Treasurer; Brothers P. Martin and J. B. Broderick, District Auditors. Glenelo Corporation. — The Glenelg Cor poration sat as a Court of Appeal on Friday evening, February 14, when two appeals were heard, but both were dismissed. At the same meeting Councillor Stacey moved—' That the as-c8»isent rate be fixed at Is. in the pound for the ensuing year.' This proposition was not, however, seconded. Councillor Allen moved, and Councillor Nicholson seconded — 'That a public meeting be held to consider the advisa bility of increasing the rate.' Carried^ Couu cillor Lee moved, and Councillor JuchoLon seconded— 'That at the same meeting tte question of borrowing money sufficient for drainage purposes and for erecting a screen for bathers be discussed.' Carried. Glenelo Concerts. — The fifth of a series of free concerts was given by the Concordia Bind on the Glenelg Jetty on Friday evening, February 14. The weather was delightful, and a cool breeze was blowing, the consequense being that the jetty was thronged by residents of Glenelg and visitors from town. A Prescription fob Road-making.— Dr. Bollen, of the Port Town Council, has given notice of the following motion: — 'In future with any streets to be metalled a coat of con crete six inches thick, made with four bushels of lime to a cubic yard of sand, be evenly spread over the silt and either rammed or rolled; then allowed to thoroughly dry pre viously to the metal being spread, in order to prevent the metal sinking down and the silt spewing up between the metal.' The Port Town Coracix.— A lengthy meet ing of this body took place on Friday night, February 14. A vigorous programme of works for the year was sketched, and it was resolved to remetal St. Vincent-street, North-parade, Commercial-road, Timpson-street, and Lipxm street, at a cost of about £2,000. Improvements were promised in the drainage of the town, and the Town-Surveyor will be prepared with a scheme thereon in a month, but meanwhile steps will be taken to drain surface waters in South Bast and Centre Wards. The Town-Surveyor has been empowered to discharge any incom petent workmen. Work3 at thb BrBKA. — The . local Record remarks :—' The new bridge over the Burra Creek is making good progress ; the cylinders have been sunk, and the girders ate being got into position. It promises to be a fine structure — more's the pity, it is 'all askew.* The Com mercial-street: bridge is drawing towards com pletion, and the new Bank walls are fast rising into prominence, so that with these and the preparations for the new church building, things are looking pretty well for future pros perity.' PraanrrATioif to Mb. S. D. Gltdsu— The Councillors and a few of the ex- Councillors of Kensington and Norwood met at the local Town Hall on Friday evening to present Mr. S. D. Qlyde, the late Mayor, with an oil-painting of himself as a token of the esteem in which they had held him and a mark of their appreciation of the manner in which he carried out his public duties both as a Councillor and as Mayor. The picture, which was in a handsome frame, was painted at the studio of Mr. S. Solomon, of the School of Photography, and was gene rally considered a good likeness of the original. The Mayor (Jlr. Packham); in asking Mr. Glyde to accept the gift, said that is was a matter of great satisfaction to think that during that gentleman's presidency over the deliberations of the Council they had been able through his kindly consideration to do their work very harmoniously. He had found Mr. Glyde a very practical Councillor, and during his term as Mayor they had had some knotty questions to deal with, such as he hoped would not turn up in his term of office. Mr. Glyde warmly thanked the gentlemen who made the presentation, and said he would not have had much success in presiding over the Council but . for th6 kindly co-cperation[of the members of that body, whicn wes so essential to the progress of business. The work that they had done was not of a very osten tatious kind, and chiefly consisted in the repair of roads and bridges, and although that contri buttd very much to the improvement of the district it wns not of a character likely to im mortalize their names. Amongst the matters whiih he felt pleased to have seen settled during his mayoralty were -the annexa tion of Dequetteville-terrace, the tramway question, and the improvement in the light ing of the streets, which he booed to see carried out to a still greater extent. It was a *ery pleasant reflection to hixa, as it must be to ell cf them, that they were in as good a position as any Conncil in the colony, and did not par ticularly want for anything. He thanked them very warmly for the portrait, and assured tkem that the gift was duly nppreciated. Several of the gentlemen present cxpreased their approbi tion of the manner in which Mr. Glyde hid acted both as a Councillor and as Mayor, and hoped that fie would be seen again before Ions if not in the inajeral chair at least in the Council. Socth Australia:? Tobacco.— About tlirei; months ago, when the Mouse of As»eoi;-ly passed the Bill reimposiug Customs duties in the Northern Territory, Messrs. Feldheim. Jacobs, t Co , who have a large tobacco manu factory in Grenfell-street, Adelaide, shipped a quantity of their Eureka and IXL brands to Port Darwin. It will be remembered, however, that the Bill ia question was thrown oat by the Legislative Council, and the duties were, there fore, only collected for a f«w days. When the tobacco ari ived at the Northern Territory the ports were again free, and the market was open to the American tobacco, against which the local makers can only compete in South Australia proper, owing to the duty of two shillings per pound on the imported article. Messrs. Feldheim, Jacobs, & Co.'s ship ment, which was originally sent by the Atjeh, was returned by the Generaal Pel, and was received in Adelaide on the 5th of February, after bring abomt three months on the tea. It is generally acknowledged that the most severe test to which tobacco can be put is a long sea voyage, and the makers of the shipment the fate of which we have recorded decided upon opening the packages in the presence of a number of leading commercial men engaged in the tobacco trade, with a view of proving the keepicg qualities of their product. Accordingly a number of gentlemen met in the firm's office on Friday morniug, when three boxes of the brands before mentioned were opened. The tobacco was found to be in excellent condition and perfectly free from all signs of mould or heating — the frequent result of carriage by sea. After the tobacco had been duly inspected Mr. George Morgan (W. Morgan k Co.) proposed ttie health of the firm, coupled with the name of the Manager (Mr. Laurence), and in doing s o pointed out that the tobacco made in tbis colony during the last year or two had given general satisfaction, and that the imports of the American product had been matt ri illy lessened. Mr. M. Jacobs (C. Jacobs and Sons) and Mr. Ballantine (Marwood & Co.) also bore testimony to the quality of the tobacco manufactured by tho firm, and the ability shown by Mr. Laurence in his management* of the business. The health of Mr. Asprey, the fore man of the establishment — to whom ic was stated the quality of the tobacco was maii-ly due— was also honoured. The visitors then went over the factory, and witnessed the various proctsses by which the raw American leaf is torned into a marketable article. The firm have about fifty men fully employed. Punkahs for Churches. — The MethoXist Journal observes: — ''For some time past St. Luke's Church, Whitnaore-square, has indulged in the Indian luxury of punkahs, without troubling itself as to. whether such accessions to public worship were countenanced in the Rubric or mentioned in the Book of Common Prayer ; and now on the hottest Sunday the service goes forward under the soothing in fluence of gentle breezes of cool air which no Tobin's ventilator in the world could produce. No doubt our principal churches are large affairs compared with St. Luke's, and what may be an easy matter in a small place may be found very impracticable in a large one; but still the power required would not be great, and the waterworks pressure might be utilized, and so save the necessity for manual labour iu the matter. ' It seems as if in Australia we -are very slow to adapt ourselves to the require ments of the climate.' Entertainment. — An entertainment- was given in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, February 14, by members of the Adelaide Pioneer Lodge, assisted by the ' Black Diamond Minstrels.' There was a good attendance, and Mr. B. P. Cocks presided. The entertainment on the whole was fairly carried out, and the Christy Minstrel parb cansad much amusement. After an overture had been performed by the Minstrels, Mr. Collins sang 'What should make thee sad ?' Mr. S. E. -Evans then gave 'Angels called her,' and Mr. A. Billin was deservedly encored for 'Gone to yonder shore,' the first part of the programme closing with a very comical affair entitled ' Branigaa's band.' The second part opened with some selections on the piano, and was followed by the song of ' Killaruey,' by Miss Perryman, which was very pleasingly given and was redemanded. The lady also sang the ballad ' Dermot Asthore.' Mr. A. E. Shawyer gave as] a recitation ' The Ship on Fire,' and Mr. Wright was ap plauded for the manrer in which he ren dercd 'The Execution of Montrose.' The entt-rtaiumeut terminated with a laughable sketch entitled ' Joe's Ghost,' in which Messrs. A. E. Shawyer, S. E. Evans, and JR. S. C. Nairne took part. At an interval in the proceedings the Chairman mr.de a presentation of four hand somely bound volumes of the poets, on behalf of the members of the Lodge, to Mr. S. E. Evans for the active part he had tak-n in promoting the welfare of the Lodge during his three years' connection therewith. He was also presented by Mr. Eogers with a copy of the ' Ingoldsby Legends.' Mr. Evans acknow ledged the presents. During the evening a slight acc:dent occurred. Some one in the room attempted to open one of tlie window3 by means of die attached cords, when tl?e -whole airangement felL Fortunately no one was injured, although two persons clese by had a very narrow escape. Magisterial Decision at Mount Gajibibr. — Under this heading, it may be remembered, we some weeks ago published a long extract from the South-Eastem Star, severely comment ing on the decision given by Mr. T. J. S. O'Halloran, 8.M., at the hearing of two cases in the Mount Gambier Police Court, but more particularly in that of a young min (Alexander Christie) who was charged by a woman named Mary Ann Davis with breaking open the door of her house at midnight, dragging her into the yard, and violently assaulting her. Foe this alleged offence Christie was sent to gaol for six months with bard labour. Much sympathy was ex pressed for the prisoner at the time, as he was thought to have been found guilty on in sufficient evidence, and there was some talk of appealing to the Executive Council on his behalf. A few days ago the woman Davis was brought up at the same Court/charged with committing perjury at the hearing of the charge against Christie. The evidence taken oa the occasion, remarks the local pacer, showed ' that the sympathy evoked for the young man was not altogether deserved. K not guilty, as alleged, of assault ing that woman at midnight, he was at least guilty of leading a number of other youths to her house and then bursting open the door. The evidence against him when he was tried was scanty, and we were led to believe that a conviction was only secured by his aunt, through deafness, affirming what was not correct. This ground for sympathy now disappears, and Christie takes the position of one justly suffer ing for his larrikimsm.'' Mrs. Davis was com mitted for trial. Post Gawleb Swnoenia Matches.-' The matches in connection with the above port took place on Wednesday, February 12. The weather was all that could be desired, and a proof of the interest taken in the matches was shown by the crowd of people who rallied up from all parts of the district as well as from Virginia, Mallala, Alma Plaits, and other places, numbering in all between 300 and 400 persons. Mr. L. G. Browne, the promoter of the swimming match, must feel highly ccmnlimented upon its success as a whole thiongh bia exertions, combined with Messrs. McCord, Thomas Irish, and J. Thomas. The whole affair was carried through in a most satis* factory manner, as was shown by the enthu siastic way in which the spectators cheered at the conclusion when the prizes were paid by Mr. L. G. Browne, who in return expressed his pleasure in being amongst them on that occasion. He stated that the present gathering was merely a test, which he trusted would now be gone into with spirit, and become an annual sport. The following are the events : — Judges — Messrs. L. G. Brown, W. McCord, T. Irish. First event, 440 yards— 1st, Frank Moore, time, 8 min. ; 2nd, J. ?ftilaon, 8 min. 10 sec.; other entry, W. Edgoly, 8 min. 13 see. The three plunged into the water together, and it was very soon seen that Moore was toe much for his opponents, as he took the lead from the start and maintained it to the finish, winning easily; Kdgley pushed Wilson hard for second place. Second eveut, 100 yards (for boys under 15, living within fourteen miles of Two Wells)— 1st, £1 10s, Thomas Hcdgson ; 2nd, 10s. 6s, E. Eedgeway. Harry and Webb also started in this race, which was a good match between Hodgson and JRidgeway. Third event, running headers (open to all com petitors living within a radius of fourteen miles of Two V ells)— 1st, £1 Is., J. Wilson; 2nd, 10s. 0d., E. Matbesson. This caused a deal of interest, as it was thought that the Judges ?would have a difficulty in deciding, but their decision was received with universal satisfac tion. Fourth event, fifty yards, for boys under 12 years- 1st, 12s. (kL, Henry Harry. Little Harry's swimming was greatly admired, and was very deservedly applauded. Fifth event, 100 |yards, for all comers wituin a radius of fourteen miles from Two Wells— 1st, £1 10s., J. Wilson ; 2nd, J. Leech. Three others contested. Wilson and Leech kept well together for half the distance, when Wilson gradually came away and sv.am in au easy wiuner. Sixth event, diving for ?ggs, open to all corners — 1st, £lls., F. Moore; and, 10s. 6U, K. Mwhesson. This race caused a deal of excitement, as Moore and Mathesson both dived exceedingly well, having brought up a like number of eggs in thrte dives each. On diving again Moore proved the winner. Seventh event, longest dive from top of wharf, open to all comers— 1st, £1 10s., W. Edgley; 2nd, 10s. 6d., J. Wilsou. 11. Mathessou also swam. Edgley turi/rued the oulcokers by the length of time ht was under tho water and by the distance be swam before showing up — about eighty yards. Mathe^son was longer under the water than Wilson, but could not make headway, conse quently lost the second prize. Eighth event, t-basiiig the bladder — lib, £1 10s., F. Moore; 2nd, £1, W. Edgley. Six other entries. This caused the greatest amusement of the day. After the prizetakers left the water there was a general si-ramble of the remainder for the bladder, which was successfully brought above water by Thomas Hodgson. Concert. — A very enjoyable concert in aid of the H.A.C.B.S. Band was held in 3t. Francis Xavier's Hall on Friday evening, February 13, there being a large number oE persons present. After an overture from the band Miss O'Sullivan sang 'Dermot Asthore' in good style, and Miss Flaherty received a hearty round of ap plause for the way in which she gave ' Kathleen Mavourneen. Mr. J. Hall then enchanted the audience by ihe style iu which he played the violin solo ' Souvenir de Bellini (Artot.) It was undoubtedly a masterly performance, and Mr. Hall had to reappear before the audience were satisfied. The members of the bar d then plaj ed a quartette, and w ere followed bj Mr. Westrop, who sang a serio-comic song in ananaer far above the average of amateur conediaus. In the second part of the pro g-amme Miss O'Brien sang pleasantly 'My native home,' and the Missts O'Sullivan and O'Brien were well received for the way they rendered. 'Gathering flowers.' Mr. R. McSherry then played 'The last rose of summer' with variations, the entertainment concluding with an amateur Christy entertain ment, in which Messrs. W. B. Hailes, L. B. Hailes, G. Weatrop, and H. Hailes took part. Mr. B. McSherry acted as leader of the band, and Mr. W. J. McBride as director. Improvement of Taji O'Shanter Crere — As may be known, for two or three years past there have been negotiations between, the Port Corporation and Messrs. Brock & Co. for ex change of roads at Tarn O'Shanter Creek, but which, owing to the difficulty of arranging a satisfactory basis of settlement to three parties —the Government being interested in the sub ject—nothing has yet come of it. The Port Corporation, we believe, own a road on the banks of the creek, while Messrs. Brock & Co. possess adjoining land. It is reported that £10,000 will be spent in erecting wharfs if the Corporation will exchange their waterfrontage road for another, taking certain pieces of land as compensation for the difference in value. In order to act for the best interests of the municipality, the Corporation have recom mended that the matter be referred to four delegates, chosen by the interested parties and the Portland Estate District Council, to fix an equable settlement, to be remitted to the principals for adoption. That course, we under stand, has been agreed to, and we hear tbat the Surveyor-General will act for the Government, the Mayor for the Port Corporation, and Coun cillor Thompson, the Chairman of the Portland Estate District Council, for that body. FlSASCKS OF THB POET ADELAIDB COnTORA tiow. — The balance-sheet of this Corporation, showing the receipts and expenditure for the year ending December 31, 1S78, was laid upon the Council table at its meeting on Friday night, February 14. The receipts for the year were £10,090 7s. 9d? of which £2,026 15s. was on account of draining the eastern side of the Port-road, and £595 12s. Sd. Bauk overdraft. The rates brought in £3,405 15s. 4d. ; Govern ment grant in aid, less £456 9s. for police, amounted to £1,347 14s. 10d.; North-parade rents, £1,042 10s. ; fees, £164 2s. lOd. ; licences, £25O12s.; Town Hall account, £384 15s. Sd. ; private subscriptions, £296 4s.; sales of slag and ashes, £153 11s. ; cleansing private premises, £170 Us. 5d.; and Cemetery, £266 14s. Sd. The expenditure includes repayment of Bank over draft, £313 7s. Id. ; public works, £5,380 17s. 7d. ; Local Board of Health, £525 0s. 9J.; Mr. Clark's report, £345 ; surveying, printing, &c;, £156 10s.; street-watering, £177 14s. ; salaria*. £411 2a. 10d.; charges, £4S9 2s. 9d. ; Town Hall, £167 3s. Id. ; slag and ashes, £99 33. ; redemp tion two bonds of debt, £200; interest on bonded debt, £90; piano-tuning, £10 10j. ; Cemetery, £132 17s. 7d.; Corporation wha-f (new), £504 Is. ; real estate, £265 ; drainzge of eastern side of Port-road, £814 19s. 7d. ; cash in hand, £7 18s. 6d. Undalta Bridgk.— The Xorthern Argus says : — ' A splendid ' bowstring' bridge is being con structed over the Biver Wakefield at Undalya by the Midland Boad Board. The work, how ever ,has been a long time on hand, as it is over six months since operations were first com menced, and it is calculated that the structure will not be completed until some tune in April. The delay to some extent has been caused in providing new flooring material, as it was originally intended to utilize the flooring of the old bridge, but on careful inspection it was con sidered unsuitable. During the progresi of work the traffic has had to go over a district road, the deviation being about a section ia the east of the main route, and a portion of it is so steep as to render it almost impassable for heavy traffic A deal of wheat that wouU otherwise have been taken to the Bbynie mill has in consequence of the obstructioa been taken to Saddlewortb, and the trade of the former township has suffered to some extent, though only temporarily.' What 13 Wanted in Adelaide.— The Saaxita Cambrian says: — 'The severe censure passed by the Birmingham Jury on the Chief of the Police for allowing the fire escape to be- in an inefficient condition, and thus cansiag a lady and child to be burnt to death, ought to stimu late the authorities of other towns to look to the state of their life-saving appliances. Most provincial fire escapes are fitted with a canvas and netting shoot, like that oi the Birmingham escape, and. as stated by the Coroner in bis summing up, it was proved up to the nils by the evidecoe that but for the shoot catching Sre Mrs. Denison and child might have been saved. A similar catastrophe occurred in London seven years ago, whereupon Captain Shaw Mined all the escapes, 130 in number, to be fitted 'ith an incombustible shoot made and patented by E. H. Bayley & Co., and which enables women, children, and hdpless persons to descend with perfect ease and safety. It was proved by Mr. Bayley, wbc was called by the counsel for the Crown, that had one of the London escapes been used at the Birmingham fire the lady and child might have been rescued.' 