GENERAL NEWS. The half-yearly meeting of the Licensed Victuallers' Association is to be held .this even ing in the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, Bundle street. A public meeting to consider the eight, hours' system as particularly affected by the strike at Gawler is to be held this evening in the Town Hall. The immigrant ship Loch Fyne was tower into harbor on Monday morning's tide, and the single women were landed at once and taken to Adelaide by train. Two tenders have been received at the office of the Surveyor-General for the construc tion of two underground tanks at Port Rickaby. Both being too high the work has been post poned until after the rains set in. The following tenders were opened on Monday morning at the Office of the Architect in-ChiefFor repairs and time-washing to Destitute Asylum, four tenders, Nevi Tucker's lowest. For repairs to stables at Government House, two tenders. Thomas Mitchell's the lower. For repairs to Police Station, Two Well3, three tenders, John Chappell's lowest. For additions' and alterations to tbe Post-Office, ; Millicfent, two tenders, Inns & Stanway's the lower. For additions to Harbor-Master'B resi dence, Port MacDonnell, one tender, S. Milstead; and Son's considered too high. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Saturday and"'.'the same hour on Monday is registered as follows:—Powell's Greek, Q-620. The following is Monday , morning's weather report cn tne Adelaide and PorthDar win Tel6graph line:—Beltaua, S.E., light, clear, fine; Farina, calm, clear,fine, warm; Sfcratig ways Springs,: S.B., strong, clear, fine ; Peake, . S., fresh, clear, fine, warm; Charlotte Waters, S E., moderate, few clouds, fine; Alice Springs, S.E., light, few clouds, fine, warm; Harrow Creek, S.E., moderate,clear, fine, cool; Pen nant's Creek, S.W., light, cloudy, warm; Powell's Creek, calm, dull, overcast. With reference to the report as to the Gawler Strike, appearing elsewhere, the mem ber of the Port Committee wishes a correction made, as he says a person reading it would get - the impression that the deputation went to the foremen only to try and coerce them. The real fact is the deputation went to Gawler for the purpose of interviewing the members of the firm of Martin & Co., and also the foreman, with a view to a settlement of the dispute. The deputation could not see Mr. Martin, sen., he being un well. Mr. May, another partner, was absent at Malalla, and Mr. J. F. Martin could not be found. The foremen were conversed with, but in the absence of the principals nothing could be done for the purpose of bringing matters to a satisfactory issue. Communication on the Fort Darwin Telegraph line has been interrupted beyond the Daly Waters, and on the Western Australian line beyond Albany since Saturday night. The public school at Goolwa is to be opened by His Excellency Sir Wm. Jervois on Monday, March 10. The public school at Uraidla is to bo opened on March 19. During the early part of February the Minister of Education took a trip through Lyndoeh to Angaston, calling at several inter vening townships on his way. The object of his ..visit was to enquire into the educational wants of the districts, and a notice of his journey has already appeared in our columns. We are now able to give the results of his en quiries. At Lyndoeh the question of a new site for the public school was brought before him; the site has since been fixed, and tenders will shortly be called for the erection of a school house. While at Lyndoeh a deputation waited on the Minister in reference to establishing a line of telegraph from there to Williamstown. The Government have taken into consideration the representations of their colleague, and have decided to place a sum on the. Estimates for carrying out the wishes of the deputation. At .Rowland's Flat the repairs and alteration to the schoolbouse suggested by the teacher are being carried out. At Tanunda arrangements are in' progress for the purchase of a piece of land required to complete the schoolhouse pre mises, and additional accommodation will be provided. At Nuriootpa additional school ac commodation is also to be provided. The ne cessary plans for the building at the two latter places are now in the hands of the Architect-in Chief. A site for the Post and Telegraph Office has been under consideration; the price of the land has been fixed by the owner. At Greenock a little difficulty, arose as to the site for the Post and Telegraph Office, which it has been decided shall be definitely fixed by Mr. C. Todd, G.M.G. The site of the Post-Office at Angaston will be fixed at an early date. The whole of the matters brought under the notice of the Minister of Education have thus been settled or are in a fair way of arrangement. The bodies of a number of apparently stillborn children have been found buried in the footpaths and graves in the Timaru Cemetery, New Zealand, having been placed there by stealth during night time. Enquiries are being instituted into the matter. "Just before going to press last night," says the Port Pirie Gazette of March 7, "we heard a rumor to the effect that, a vessel was ashore in the Gulf, and that signals of distress were seen from the port early on Thursday morning. We.heard that the stranded vessel was the Airlie,but on enquiry.at the agents' office we could get no confirmation of the re port." Tha Border Watch of Marcb 8 says:— " From several stations we.hear reports of stock suffering severely from want of feed and water, and there is no doubt that if rain does not come soon the losses will he very heavy. Already sheep are dying in considerable numbers, and in some cases the waterholes are getting blocked up with their dead carcases. . Farmers too, are complaining of scant feed, and their big hay stacks are not likely to prove any too big by the time spring comeB." The following paragraph is taken from the Standard of March 8:—'' The Very Rev. the Dean invited the Rev- Hartley Williams to preach and assist at the celebration of the Holy Communion in St. Paul's Church on Sunday last. We understand that the Dean took this step as the most offectual means of contradict ing certain false reports respecting the standing and character of the ,Rev. Hartley Williams with which the name of the Dean as Vicar General has beenlately associated." Tbe.Typograpbical Society at Wellington, in New Zealand,recently demanded an increase of 6s. per week on the day, and Id. per thousand on the night papers, with a corresponding in crease for overtime. The masters have remon strated, and several conferences have taken place, but the Society insists upon an increase. The whole of the masters, including the Govern ment printer, have agreed not to grant the demand, and a general strike is therefore pro bable. It is stated that the Government have cabled to the Agent-General to send out a, number of compositors. Tbe latest freak of tbe notorious Edward Kelly (remarks the liiverine He-raid) fully maintains his character for impudence. In a mining centre within the boundaries of tha electorate of Rodney a grand fete is to be held on St. Patrick's Day. In Echuca resides one who is said to be acquainted with the Kelly and Quinn families, and lately he received a letter from Ned Kelly, enclosing a £5-uote towards the funds for the demonstration on St. Patrick's Day, the recipient averring that Kelly naively states that the bank-note was a portion of the plunder annexed at Jerilderie. "The Government of New Zealand," states the Sydney Morning Heraldhave re ceived further correspondence from the Agent General, enclosing correspondence from Messrs. Galbraith & Denny,the well-known shipowners, re the proposed direct steam service. They sug gest a two-monthly service as sufficient for pre sent requirements. They propose to supply three steamers of superior class, with an average speed of twelve and a quarter knots. The outward voyage, via the Cape of Good Hope, is to occupy 42 days. They want an eight yearb' contract, and ask for a subsidy of £80,000 annually. Sir Julius Vogel urges the Government to accent the service." The .Roman Catholic Bishop (Dr. Rey nolds) paid a visit to the Christian Brothers' schools, Wakefield-street, on Wednesday, March 5, prior to his departure for Rome. After he had addressed the_ boys, they wished him success in his visit aad a safe return. His Lordship, who appeared to he much moved, promised that he would speak of them to the Pope, and ask his Apostolic benediction for each of them and for their parents and teachers. He also promised the boys a silver medal for uniform good conduct and attendance at school. The Rev. Father Byrne, Y.G., stated that he would give a silver medal to the boy who proved himself most expert in arithmetic. Both these prizes will be given in December next. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Pioneers Strike Committee was held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, St. Vincent-street, on Saturday evening, March 8. Two delegates from the men on strike at Gawler attended, and handed in a report showing how the funds had been expended by the strike Committee. They also reported that all the boys out ou strike were now sent to school. The meeting expressed its satisfaction with the report of the delegates, and urged upon them to be firm and stand by their principles. The Port men would stand by them and aid them all in their power to carry out what they considered was right. The delegates were thanked for attending, and the meeting considered it would be advisable to send a further sum of £50 to Gawler this week. " There are many residents of the Mount Gambier district who," says the South- Eastern Star," will regret to learn that His Excellency the Governor has declined to interfere with the sentence of three months' imprisonment passed on the 11th January by Mr. 0'Halloran,S.M.,on John Fraser for furious riding on New Year's Day. The Governor, of course, acted upon the advice of the Executive Council, who were, no doubt, influenced by some report on the subject. FrasePs brother, who forwarded tbe requisition, signed by six Justices of the Peace and onwards of a hundred other persons, has received the following reply:—'Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, February 27,1879. Sir—I am directed byvfche Chief Secretary to iuform you that the petition forwarded with your lotter of the 27th ult; has been duly laid before His Excellency the Governor, who declines to interfere with j the sentence passed upon your brother John Fraser.—I have the honor to be. Sir, your obedient servant, Fked. J. Sandkrsox, Acting Undersecretary.'" - . ' The . following, ghost story is related by the MacDonnell Bay correspondent of . the South-Eastern Star .*—" An extraordinary super natural occurrence which is said to have taken place on the coast between here and ftivoli Bay is creating a great sensation here. Walter and William Garrison have been at work for some little time obtainingoil from the whale which was stranded on the beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity and did not return to their tent till after nightfall. Just at the twilight William Carrison was loading his gun for a last shot, when all at once he heard a hideous yell, and turning hi3 eyes in the direction from whence the sound proceeded, ho observed what appeared to | be a man of unusually tall stature making towards him. Carrison looked with a fixed gaze at the object, and it appeared so weird and un earthly that his blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. On it came, and as it approached yelled again. Carrison then put a cap on his gun, and taking aim fired at the object, which appeared to sink into the ground out of sight, and left no trace behind. • At the same instant Walter Carrison, who was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition, and having his gun loaded and capped at the time, fired. That object, too, appeared to have felt the shot, and melted into thin air. The people here be lieve the ghost or ghosts are those of some per son or persons who have been murdered near the spot where they were seen." u A case involving questions of inter national law came before the Sandridge Court yesterday," writes the Melbourne Age of March 7. " Wilson, the chief officer of the Peruvian ship Oineta Elvira, was summoned by John Colley, a seaman, and a British subject, for assault on the high seas during the voyage from New York to Melbourne, on the 1st January. It was alleged the complainant had his arms handcuffed behind his back, and was then triced up to the boat davits for an hour, with only his~toe3 touching the deck, and that his arms were greatly swollen when loosened. Mr. Bead, on behalf of defendant, put in the plea of foreign flag and no jurisdiction. Mr. Emerson, for the complainant, stated that the latter was locked-up on board, together with two witnesses, to prevent their appear ance in Court. The Bench, being without any evidence in regard to the nationality of the ship, Bent the police on board to bring up the imprisoned complainant. The latter stated that she carried the Peruvian flag, and he had shipped in New York. He confirmed, so far as the opposing counsel would allow, the al leged particulars of the assault. After a short consultation the Bench dismissed the case for want of jurisdiction. The captain then wanted to get Colley back on board, and by force, if necessary, but under the advice of his solicitor the latter refused, and it appears that on the. very plea put in to quash proceedings the com plainant is debarred from any legal means to recover any of his men. should the whole crew choose to desert, there being no Peruvian Con sul in Victoria to issue the necessary warrant." Some time ago tlie blacks near Cooktown made a wanton attack upon Messrs. Hartley and Sykes, for which prompt punishment was meted out to them. Sub- Inspector O'Connor, with six troopers, states the Rockhampton Bulletin, crossed the harbor in a boat At night, and by moonlight picked up the tracks of the blacks. The latter, however, discerned the approach of troopers, and retreated across the range to the ocean beaeh. The Inspector then divided his forces, and with one party made a detour in the direction of Cape Bedford, and hemmed the blacks within a narrow'gorge, of which bothjout lets were secured by the troopers. There weed '] 28 men and 13 gins thus enclosed; none of 1 the former escaped. Twenty-four were shot down on the beach and four swam out to sea. "I The Inspector and his men then sat down on I the beach and waited for the swimmers to re turn, but without success, and as after several hours they were lost sight of it is conjectured they were drowned. One woman also swain out from the land, and after remaining four hours in the water was captured, by a trooper who went in after her. The men hunted up the re mainder of the gins, and having found a meer-. sc'naum pipe and tomahawk in their possession belonging to Mr. Hartley, the Inspector was , satisfied he had not killed innocent people. This was explained to the lubras, and they were then permitted to go away. The foregoing facts must he of special interest to the Kelly gang just now. The intercolonial sculling match for £100 a side is thus reported in the Melbourne Age of March 6:—"The match between Kobert' Ed wards and Peter Sullivan, which has for some time past created considerable interest in row ing circles, took place yesterday afternoon on the tower Yarra, the course being from the gas works to a point two miles down stream. The condition of young Edwards was much admired, whilst the Sydney man seemed to be too fine altogether, and did not scull in anything like such good style as Edwards. The betting on leaving the wharf commenced: by offers of 2 to 1 on Edwards with no takers; at last 3 to 1 was taken to a good extent by some of. the Sydney folks. Directly.the start was given it was quite appa rent that Edwards was altogether too much for Sullivan. Edwards Btarted off at thirty-eight to the minute without making any mistake, and pulling as cleanly and well as possible instantly forged ahead, and before 200 yards was rowed bad drawn clear. Sullivan floundered away, splashing very badly and catching his left scull in the water, apparently being unable to feather it properly, and although rowing at thirty-nine to the minute he quickly lost ground. When the first wool washing sheds were reached Edwards was a clear length to th egood, and had dropped down to thirty-two to the minute; a few hundred yards further he again reduced his rate to twenty-eight or twenty-nine, and simply paddled all the rest of the way, finally passing the winning-post about a length and a half clerr ahead. Sullivan could not steer properly, for he kept on pulling over into Edwards's water." Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son's Art Exhibi tion at the Town Hall was very well attended on Saturday afternoon and evening. As this was the closing day of the Exhibition two musical performances were held, and proved a ; source of much enjoyment to those who attended. In the aftornoon Signor Giorza treated the visitors to two solos on the organ and one on the piano, and was assisted by the Misses M. E. Jones, M. C. Nash, and Mr. Knox in carrying out an attractive programme. In the evening: Signor Giorza also presided at the organ. The second open-air concert provided for the citizens by the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C., was given on the Park Lands, at the corner of East and South terraces, on Saturday evening, March 9. The weather was cool, and the full -| moon illuminated the scene, adding to the en joyment of the promenaders. There was a very good attendance, and all present seemed to thoroughly appreciate the excellent music pro duced by the military baud. The programme of the previous Saturday evening was repeated: with great success. : The military baud has now, under the care of Mr. Geo. Oughton, reached such a standard of excellence as to satisfy the most fastidious listener, and their performances on Saturday evening were very much enjoyed. The stirring music of the march from "Norma" and the overture to " Tancredi" were done full justice to. The " Fantasia on English airs," familiar to almost everybody, the "Koyal Edinburgh Quadrille," " "Rpnarni " " Prtfinnnrri Vn.lap'' Potpourri Yalae,: " Chimes Polka," and the " Pantomime Galop" were all rendered in a first-class manner and listened to attentively. Hiscocks & Hayman'a Minstrel and Bur lesque Troupe still maintain their popularity at White's Booms, the company being on Satur day night again favored with one of the largest and most appreciative of Adelaide audiences. The programme was a change from that of Friday evening, and was evidently looked for ward to with much interest. Judging from the frequent rounds of applause and imperative recalls during the evening, the minstrels were amply rewarded for their amusing efforts. The programme which was composed of songs, comic and sentimental, sketches, and choruses, was admirably gone through by the company, and the mirth-provoking witticisms of Bent and Brown fully deserved the applause with which they were greeted. Hawkins as the soprano rendered " Little sister's gone to sleep" in ex cellent style, whilst Messrs. Cheevers and Kennedy in their portrayal of the negro, Irish, and Dutch characters were most amusing, The manager of the company, Mr. F. E. His cocks, who has several times visited Adelaide, and alwas brought something worth seeing, in tends shortly to pay this city another visit with a new importation from America. Mr. J. H, Surridge, the agent for Messrs. Hiscocks, Hay man, & Co., who is now in America making arrangements for the best talent available, is ex pected to arrive by the next mail steamer from San Francisco with a large troupe of variety artists, who will fir.-t appear in Melbourne and then Adelaide. 