LATEST TELEGRAMS. [TnOU OOlt OWN COllliESPONDBNTS.] INTERCOLONIAL. \- -' Sydney, Saturday. An accident occurred on the railway lino near Miami, on Wednesday. A boy named Low -was riding along tho Iin6 whon ho ?was -struck by a coal train. His horao waa killed on ihe spot, and ho died shortly after -WWds fjoin' tlio injur'iea ho rooeire], :-, / Hoavy [floods are reported from Liamorfl. , The riTor bad risen twent/ feet and (heiaoteeet was still go5agr on. A lover piece of grbnrid at tho baok of tie- town /npidiy becamo corored with^water ; ani thoaliffinod inhabitants weie reported ns miking icnity for an inundation. The communication with tlio' lower part of tho town had been 3topped, aad1 a1 large quantity of timber waa floated down by Clio ozceMive ris6 of the wator. Twcdeatha fisin' drowning have occurred already. There ib a floud'alao at Caaino, and danger ia apprehended at oSer pl&cea.; At G/afton tho river has risen not1 less thai*- fbr-ty feet, and boasts are kept in rcadincsa in eaeo of danger to life: Sailed.: Macedon fbr- Brisbane.-. Heavy rain fell cb11- day yestardriy, accom panied by squallB. Iliere has been a severo easterly gals at tho Clarence Heads-, irith torrents of rain, ,an,d & heavy 3cuj, and- steamers havebeen unatte to pubtosea. Tho Clarence,' a., arri?ed'here te-day. ? Sir. Gregor Taylor, snporintericfont and el«o. ilndcian of the Now Zcjlimd and. Auatrii/lian oaMe, has received a telegram from, tho direc tan of tho Eastern Telegraph Extension Com paby; stating; that tho last:- portion of. the Pork Darwin, and Singapore duplicate oablo had boan shipped on board tho- cable steamer- Gity of Edinburgh, and that it'-is fullyr expected that the- ontirs cable will be completely laid apdiin working- order by the time arentionad in tiio-cootraot Mbijoubnb, Sunday. The Gooiern'or made n very c:tfecti»e 'speeoJi; at'a b»nq,u«t at GSealqng on Friday. Speakingf of political affaira, he quoted ? Lord DufferiOy lik'eraog iioself to a, man i^ifustian)' having charts of a. doHcatoly- eunBtruoted machine, oS wKichi the; bearings would occasionally geti leated) bat of which the' ro-udjuafcing ?power; waa so complete, that-- thej- soon, becamo cool again. Sir Chariee- Sladea- M. hi 0., delirered a apeeoh..oni-tha poli tical Bituatios,. his remarks being- charao- teriBedfiSy moderation. X genaral'.feeUag,jros expreeyed by t&ose; present ut tLei banquet, that any raoderate cioasura of reform, whiob. might T)a submitted to- the Counoil-weuld be-^jsaed by thofcbody..- ..- ? . -: ; s'l '/.::? '. Pffnii Dbb-jsl— At the Bitting aof ?this- Goiir*. tcy-dayla- verdieft. ior tha plaintifEifar-aaaounfc. claimel) with eosjs, iras giveil: in' eaoriiof.the lolldwing caaes- rTrWilliaa Stanley.jv. G«tyliebi Hiss, daip £S Sa. 7d.i for goods- Bupp]iedi;J G. Fletoh9-.v. 'W. 'Said win, claim -3!J»mri-tianot-, of nipnby duo ; ^.Allen v. JohniSmithv.olaimi ;£i,tQt\ timber supplied; Bnmnel. Brothtus v* H- Milfurd, clium, ^2 8a. Cd. for goods-sold; ? MreosijiANKi.— Tbe deposits in- the Ssn'tUi Briabaiie Wedriy Penny Sarinsar-Bank on. Saturday, , ansopnted to,£l lasi-.eJi — -'Hie amount deposited? at the Wharf-street Penny Saring^Bank ea:Saturday last waa £1 18sw 66V CABiroN's- Ghos-t. — ^ThiB sntorSainmentwae repeated on Saturday evening. T-h%-audianoe was a fair one, and expressed satiafantion with, the . psrformanee. The ghost effects- are -well worthy, of a ?rieit. Besides the ghost-there is a petite samedia eompany who add Tariety. to-t3e OTonins- The performance is acnoouoed for repetition to-n%ht. . Tia WBAaiaBR.— On Saturday the- weather gradually cleared up at most of those rations where the recent rains were ao heavy) and yes terduy it wa& ieautif ully fine, with a olear, eool atmoepherei The prevailing windaiwere from the west andi south-west, bo that it 'is. probable fine -weather has set in. At Stantborpo, how ever, it ooatinued raining, and Jduiingr bbo twonty- fouB hours ended at 9 o'clock- this morn ing!- 3i50!incieB df raiii fell. It was showery at Cunnamulla, Dalby, Toowoomba, Jitnbour^ and Eomu, and cloudy ut Goondiwicdi;. Nananeo, and Kive.. Along the coast and ia the southern districts ;iie weather was fine. AtTumbc-it waa foggy, and very cold. Tho sky waa over oast at AVarwiok and Blnckall. i A- moderate sea was running at the South Fnsaage. There w&b; very little alteration in the-tomperaturo. At Brisbane the greatest heat in tbo biui wus . 1*01 dega. ; in the shade, 76 ; and. tbo loweac in the shade, 58. The greatest keatiu. tha shade at TooiTOouiba waB 63 doga., and: n*t Warwick 61 degs. It wa3 .raining at Sydney^ and in llBlbouiao the sky was overcasts / MisivwiH remember a sketch which ap Ipeared in ' Punch ;' some years baolc, whoreia j two friends wero depicted meeting, agein after years oi aaparation. One of th«mt, ho- ing a well-tc-do look, asks the other, who- appears downcast, how, be has been getting; on since they kst met, ' tho reply of jtho- dejptted one beings that he has only just asccoeded ia keeping Jlis hoad .above water. ? ' Ahif Bays. tho other, ' vou- s&ould; s&ve; i followed my exanuple. Look at me ; two years ago I haia'fca- &aihing;, and now I owe thirty thousand ppundsi. An insol vent ^.tajilpria Melbourne, ,n»tuedi Nicholson, has followed' is the footsteps of this great original, ' bad bis oreditoM-.stoQpsil in before ho. llad ' Bttcueeded in reaching the amount of indebtedness attained Byi his noodol. . From .ihe» report of NicholsonJs bankruptcy, it apjears ' liat he commamxid, . busineas: in January,' 1877, with a capita!i}o- ^fifteen shil lings, and left off in Janutujr lost owing ?S3.'J00.ri'-TownTalkil.'uirjW JTtek. , ,. ;_ An ^upaMAi. Hunting Stenr-T- ThaEropresa. . of . Austria has - (says : the J£w-op*m Mail) oora aienoed her huntingtouMnlreUnd.' The first ajoot waa one of the mo&iibrillii;\Bt of tho wards, Mr. Moritogh, Itie'mus'tefjjjad oiat his full force' of dogs und attendantsv , Tho Empress rwas mouoted on a. email bb»lj,lSBr8e,Domiuo, lately, hunted by Mrs. Morrogh, and all tho mombers. of the Imperial pnrty word a'plondidly horsed. The,stut was made at SunBliiughlin workhouso; and wtioh tho word wis given Her Majesty wna. in the front rank with Captain Middletou andi Mr Morrogh.-Tho huutiuj; party wiih uoau lost to view, tho EmjwoaH riding brilliantly -in the first flight; nnd aatounding tho best of tho wardmeu. Tho Btag-sturted towards Kutoith. Wheeling towards Jiatterukuvn Her Imperial Mu jeBty showed the, wuy to tho pick oa tho Ward Union men. Her Mujosty woro n light fitting hubit of a (lark greyitih Melton ok th, th& skirt of which WHS-extremoly nurrow. The habit was fastened with bnttona of silver, ou which were the Ircperial m-ins. A otauu- up-all- rouud collar, and a, simple lie-bow of Uuuk silk completed hor nppaiel, and she rjdo in a. till silk hat. She -woro htr h«ir in rilaio pltiils behind, one encircling tho oiher. Her hniiila woio oncasidin tan-coloured glovox, oail over these Her Mujosty woro choooiato-colouredi knitted imttens« Amongst those, present whs Eurl Spencer, K. G., who durisg hia Vtco royalty in Ireluad was ono of t!te most nidonfi. dovotuea of the chase. Tba Empress of Austria hus sinoo shared ;n Slio pleu»urn.ble iufornmlitios oJabyday witi tho wurds,, tho day's ruu buiug arranged with a speeiili vio-w to tho enjoyniont of tho Eni^ro.'a. Tho meet, at once small und seloot, wus at KathmoyLan. Her Mujo3ly steered The AVidow, a true and trusty gray, who appeared wonderfully -well and fresh, and tho stag sped wildly, but for forty miunttw ho afl'ordoil tbo Iinporiul pui-ly it most enjoyable ruii. Hor Majesty oxprehaed hersolf right well plea.sekl with hoi mount, and at tho capturo she dismounted to look ovor the. veteran groy that had many times brought tho late huntsman early to tho goal. Earl Sponcor and his colleagues of Iho chueo tarried . uutil the deer cart oamo up, and almost in loss time than ib required to write tho fuot a stag was enlarRod. A nicQ run: ? of thirty -five minutes followed, tho stag btiiig cared by Earl Spencer and tho huntsman close to Galtrim, 'the pxrlrjah Yicer jy .struggling hard' to pre serve tbo doer tor a time to couiu. 