THE OHUROH OF tNQLAND, The services at StJaraes'Church yeflter day attracted large congregations both in tbe morning- and evening. Iu the morn ing the bishop of the dioeesce administered 'the rite uf confirmation to about 20 younjr women and 14 or 16 young men and lads Tun ordinary morning service, domewuni Hbbrcviated by theomissioti uf tbe Litany. whs read by ttie ltev. T. Abntliam, mid u Kliort out impressive diRcourgu was de livcred by Bislioj) HnJc to the catididatee He took as bis text the four last verses o' tlie epistle for tbe day, the 8th chapter n: Unmans, 14th and three following verse-. The words principally dwelt upon ner- ' For as many us are led by the spirit --! God they are the sons of God.' The nature of the relationship between Mm, nid God was strongly ciiip!i;isist-d, tli. nruacber pointing out that it was a ro.il connection, .is real as that existing be twetn a father and a child. The tiuu would soon comu when they would havi to appear before (jod and answec as li wlietlitT they had been kind and affection ! ate ciuWren or reckless and disobediem jirodigals. The present life was « test t-. prove which they were. They all knew what was meant by one person leading mother. They knew wheu a chilli was afraid to pass some dark m dangerous place, if he only too!: hold of his father's hand he lost .ill his fears and walked full of con fidence at his father's aide. It was tin/ 5auie tiling iu respect to their communion with (Jod. They must never lose their hold ou hu guiding hand, and never relax their faith ia bis goodness. They must watch with jealousy the smallest begin ning of anything that was calculated to lead them wrong, for those small begin i lings, often led to the saddest falls. IV sermon was concluded by a short com tnentary on the prayer that accompanies the ceremony of laying on of hands, and the candidates were charged to lay it* petitions to heart, and to endeavor U- keep them. In theevening both Bishop Hale and Bishop St&nton; were present. The ser vice was read by Mr. Abraham, &nd; Bishop Stanton preached the sermon. It being tbe first time that His Lordship has been heard by a Toowoomba ooiujrc gation, a large number of persons assem bled, and even outside the Church, groups gathered round the doors- The text was taken from the 17th chapter of St. Matthew, the 3rd and the 8th verses. 'And behold there appeared unto him Moses and Elias talking with him, and when they had lifted up their eyes they law nit man except Jesus only.' Bis licaicrs, the Bishop said, had no doultt remarked thut there was about our L-ird'.- toiicliiiifc' a wondrous many sided ness. One paruWe was made t- teach many lessons. This com pactuess was rendered necessary by the extreme brevity of His ministry „], earth. Within the short space of tlu-ei; and :i half years lie Inul to condense truths on which the church must niedit.H.: for at least 19 centuries to cuiiit. Tli ? Sosjio! uarratives were extremely sliorl, .Mid yet tUiTe were about them a new ness, he might almost say a novelty livery time they were read they seemed to shine out with fresh lustre, and, how ever, often they had been perused they seemed to be read for the fust time, aud assumed new and beautiful aspects. The scene to which his tozt alluded might bu preacuea upon twenty uiues m succession, and yet there ueed be no tautology. He would dwell upon one aspect of it , Ou earth these two men had been separated by a long distance of time, andhud never met one anutuer, but mi sooner bad they oome into the unseen world, then they became companion*. From this it might be judged that there will W :i reunion among Christ's people. In iu,uiy wuys souls left the earth, but ill! met in heaven. He did not. know whether i: bad ever struck them that u wax strange that God allowed so ui.viiy years to elapse before tbe revelation w.ii ^h-un uf tho ap pointed way toeverluEiUuff life Wliy was not that published at uncui The pride ol' men, and hi» conceit wiw so great, m- positively was it held that he jPould mid a roid to Jieavou for himself, that it was necessary that experiments Hhnuld be made, and Belf-willed man must be shown his inability to cure him self, and he must be humbled till he was willing to take Ood's lesson. If we con nected the various examples together we liould find that they all grouped them selves under two heads. The first sytitom relied upon the law. and consisted of rules and discipline. This he would call the educational method. The second one de pended upon enthusiasm; he would call it the ' Heroic method.' With these two, all modem experiments from the work shop of human endeavor .might be classi fied. Moses and Elijah might be regarded as the two leaders aud directors of those two great BOhools; and here, as it were, they were bringing up the results of their work, and placing them before the Lord Aud admitting that they had foiled, that they had been unable to graap the great deeds of humanity, they surrendered and retired. When the disciples opened their eyes neither Moses with his rules, nor Elijah with bis enthusiasm, wire there, but Christ was left as tbe supreme and comprehensive One who alone c mid deal with humanity, and heal its nu.it despe rate diseases. Moses from first to hut was a lawgiver. If it had been possible to make men religiout. fey compulsion, the Mosaic code was tlie JVbetodo it. No margin waa left for i TOedom, but rules and restrictions were Jaiddownfoi^henunnteBtdetailsof dress wild humanity was tied up by sheer ' wrce, ana me application or external tow. It was attempted to drive out the inherent badness of man's nature by restraints and limitations. How did it succeed 1 Then was one who tried it from his youtli up, namely St. Paul, and so far from religion by compulsion driving out evil from Li* heart, it only made, it worse. He said lie had not known sin but for the law, lie was alive in his own conceit, but with the law came the commandments, ami restrictions were laid upon him, and li!-i- i suppressed fever it was driven into 1, i-, vitals. It would be liard to place t»o men side by side whose characters difloii d ?nine tUau those of Moses and Elijah . Moses was tlie founder of a great system, raij.ili was the father of no system' at all Elijah depended upon entliusiism and ?mmtucd up his whole life when lie «uid ' I have been very jealous lor tlie L'j.xl of Hosts. His piety was a dwnrig.'i'. passion He took the truth to uis own heart and kindled it, ami placid it glowing before the people. Tlio effect was greit, but it was only an effect upon the surface of h;i awnity. He swayed the manners and ??pinions of people for a short time, but as soon as he was departed, and when Jjis memory began to die out, tbe hearts of the people reverted to their old at titude. So his system failed, and he with Moses came up before the Lord to ^luwun aim BiTeuu tu uim, bo go speaic, ? *e *m MU* *W- «Woof -wnibh they adbeeoaieTBadera, anFto leave the Lord Jesus alone to grapple with that which their own hands had failed to per fect- How was it then that Christ alone could succeed where they bad failed? The system of Moses failed because it only revealed sin, and made the con sciences of men weightier than before, but the Saviour preached die foi-giveiicw if sin. Moses brought sin to remem -Jrance, hat Christcame with hisredeem _:ug blood, andgavD peace and forgivenes*. .tvlicti oiicc the Savinur has visited t lie world with his redeeming grace, the ilouds of conscience are dispersed, and whether the penitent dies, or whether he 'Wes, there is joy in his soul The ex leriments of restriction and enthusiasm icted torn without, but tlie Holy Ghost iperiited from within- It became a vitu! 'jortion of the man's very being, it per neated liis entire character, aud rcsulated ill the habits of his life. He would n-/t be influenced by external circumstances -f time or place, but would aiwajv be re 'igious- There was no semblance about a nan wno li.id been burn again of tue spirit. He was not dependent u|xiu en thusiasm. The preacher concluded by recommending ail those who had tried the two systems, and failed to find cotn lort, to come to Him who had promised to give thorn reat. In the afternoon, Bishop Hale held a Confirmation Service at St. Matthews', Orayton ; eight persons were confirmed. Tbe Bishop delivered an appropriate ad dress. The Church was inconveniently crowded. 