The. IiOcked-out Miners at Bulli. I (Evening News cj Monday ) j There are no signs of the locked-out men giving way, but rather increase in strength and numbers. Three of the men who were engaged loading the company's steamers have left work, and joined the Union. These mon signed a statement that Ross's telegram to the Sydney manager was a falsehood, and that they had not been in any way intimidated. To-morrow the notice to quit given by the manager to those men who are living on the company's ground expires, and if the manager is determined to carry out his threat, about forty families will be ejected. The company allow the men to occupy the land on a nomi- nal ground rent, but they have no power to remove the buildings when leaving. There are about forty houses, and their value aver- ages from £15 to £30 each. The ground rent is stopped from the men's wages at each fort- nightly pay. A meeting of the Mount Pleas- ant miners was held on Saturday night, at which a deputation of the Bulli mon attended. It was decided by the meeting to make a levy for the support of the Bulli men. Three men having been discharged from the mine, for having taken an active part in the forma- tion of the Union, it was resolved to ask Mr. Lahiff, the manager, to allow them to return to work, failing which the matter will be brought before a special delegate meeting. A correspondent writes to say " that the state- ment made by the manager of the Bulli Com- pany, and which succeeded in luring the Premier into a second edition of the " Kiama Ghost Mystery," has given the residents here a decided turn against the company. Some of the men who were at work up to that time, on seeing the police come down in such strong force, took it as intimidation on the part of the company, and turned out in sup- port of the union." Four of the Bulli men have arrived in Sydney this morning, and will immediately commence a canvass for funds. Several small sums have come in from different places, and support is promised from Victoria and South Australia. At pre- sent the sum of £230 per week is necessary to pay the miners their sustenance money. The Echo reports : Matters at Bulli remain unchanged. The pits are still closed, and the men idle. We believe, however, that an effort will be made in a day or two towards bring- ing the lockout to an end. (By lelcgraph /rom Vie Herald's Correspondent.) "Wollongong, Monday. A meeting of the manager and miners at Mount Pleasant was intended to take place to-day, but probably lapsed owing to the rain. It is reported pretty confidently that the Mount Keira men will not take action, or im- plicate themselves in the present dispute at Bulli. 