THE NOVELIST. UNDER WHtOH LORD? liv E. LTNN LINTON. ClIAPTEH XX. At, MOST. Mother and daughter lmd stood by the drnwingroom window watching drearily, anxiously. for more than an lionr before the email side gate opened, and the weary master who was not owner passed through like one walking in a dream, and instinctively took the short wood-walk across the upper end of the park. Hermione's dark blue eyes were full of tears which every now and then fell silently on her hands, which she had clasped together against the framework of the window, as a rest for her pretty golden, self-accusing head. And Virginia's eyes, too, were full of tears : but she had comforted her self by snatches of fervent, silent prayer; and Herniione had not. It had been a day of checkered emotions for the pretty woman whom nature had made for love and submission, and whom the church was fast transforming out of all like ness of her original self-or rather, was fatally transferring the direction. At lirst she had been sorrowfully proud, mournfully elate, at the constancy with which she had borne her testimony, and the fidelity of her obedience to Mr. Lascelles. It had been hard at the moment, but when done it was well done ; and when she next saw her dear Superior, she would have a clean page to ofi'er, which he would sign, smiling with his approval. She was a little disturbed when she saw Richard dash out so heedlessly into the Bnow and wind ; and she thought that he was probably bound for the vicarage, where he would see Mr. Lascelles, and either insult him by his unblushing atheism, or quarrel with him in yet some more terrible and un godly fashion. This thought tormented her for a long while, now inclining her to anger for her husband, and corresponding sym pathy for the vicar ; now softening her to the former for fear of the hard things which the latter might say, and the telling blows that he might give. But as the day wore on and Richard did not return- when the lun cheon had been announced, kept back, eaten, and. finally dismissed, and yet he did not ap pear-then her thoughts became concen trated in one great sentiment of fear, and lier imagination ran riot over all the possibilities of tragedy that it could create. Time passed : and she grew sorry, Belf-censuring, penitent, humble. If only he would return ! She .would be so glad to see him-so glad! so re lieved ! As each successive hour struck, her load of guilt grew heavier, her apprehensions more unendurable. At last she could bear it no longer. She had become restless and fever ish, pacing from room to room, and wandering aimlessly about the house ; but this passed into the stony watching of extreme anxiety, and she stood by the window, her eyes strained on the gravel walk of the garden, up which he must come, should he ever come back at alL At last he came, rounding that clump of laurels in the midst of the drive, and which was the farthest point that could be seen in the darkening evening and through the driving snow. How drooping and how weary he looked! His head bent, and his step uncer tain, she saw him through the veil of the dusk, and under the dimming shower of driv ing flakes, almost as if he had been the ghost of himself-something like, bat not real Yet- it was he, truly enough ; and, with a little cry, she ran from the window through the room and into the hall, saying with a sob: " Richard! At last! at last!" crying out hurriedly to hecdaughter-" Quick, Virginia, come to meet dear papa!" She herself opened the hall door, and stood but under the portico, the snow blowing over her and flecking her dark-blue dress with; piomentary flakes of silver, while the wind eddied round the hall and drove in |ight drifts that soon made feathery heapB In aU the angles. She neither knew nor cared how things went. She thought only of him, the beloved of her youth, the friend of her maturity-was conscious only of her joy in his return. The sweet, fond, self-forgetting wife had come back, and the plastic creature pf a -spiritual seducer, masked as a divine guicTe, "had disappeared. " Richard, my darling! how wet and tired ybn'ibok! low cold and miserable! Yoi lobk half dead! Darling, come in and rest Why, where have you been all this dreadful day ?-; and. X go wretched, thinking, thinking of your". .. , She-spoke -with the incoherence of fear and tenderness'combined, going impulsively to meet him ashe came wearily: up the steps of the portico.. She laid her hand on his arm, andseemedto lead him into the hall, where sh'ftbok both his hands in hers, and chafed tbfejtftenderly. . . "My poor half-frozen darling!"she said, looking up into his face with her big blue eyes, soft and dark and humid;, while Vir ginia said-she, too, with all her old sweet ness-< I I . .. "Let me help you with your coat, dearest papa. It iBwet through-do let me take it off 1" Richard stood and looked from one to the other like a man rudely awakened from an bpinm dream-not seeing, not understanding, ignorant which was the truth-the dream or tJSu&.Waa he mad now, or had he been mad ? Was ail that' he had suffered the self-made arifiefyofadisorderfed brain, or was this hallu Knatfon'and the feverish fancy of a despair so. sic^ tihat it' had taken on itself the very mockery of hope and happiness?-as men djTOS of huoger in the desert see themselves set in gardens and fair places where they rest innhappinesB: and delight He passed his hand in a bewildered way over his forehead, looked round him vaguely, and then with as mneh' ^sadness as -inquiry1;- then" sighed heavily and closed his eyes, 1 - . Troly.. Oia was £ome; and there, too. were" JOB ' wife and daughter - the crea fee loved with every fibre of his being-whose soft touch he felt,.into whose fcweet«yieBii& looked, whose caressing voices he, heard. Had Jbe really been with that frreert^flrat iman who had boasted of his vic fluence. Sad they really spoken to him ttMd&yc; fiji.be ,thostght ,he remembered that they had? .Had hisjlaughter pronounced KM accfflrfiSl"? HatTCTermione taken herself 4bMi jhim ? .and were their. Uvea to be hence forth based on a 'different plan and prin what ha/1 been formerly? rjQpep,and dfefied his ef m back to their duty .them again to. his in \ ill a broken voire, drawing each to hiin lav iriRlv, mid kissing tacli ns lie need in olden timfp. Virginiafenre fell on liio pale cold face as she met his with lips almost as pale, almost n8 cold : lint llermione dungto him with her old sweet tonrh. nnd felt him once more her beloved-mid her own. Suddenly : " He is your destroyer-his love for you is your soul's dishonour- yourq. for hitn ft ctiree against God,"' rang in her enrs, ns if Mr. Lascelles had been there and was repeating this morning's denunciations, as well ns command: and "I promise to obey you'' was the echo of her own voice, sent by her wavering soul through her memory. Yes ; ahe had promised to withdraw herself, body and soul, heart and life, and to let the church divorce what the law had joined and love had hallowed; and here, not twelve hours after her vow, she was standing with her arms round the husband whose expulsion had been decreed, and her lips giving back the tender touch of his. For an instant she shrank within herself and recoiled ; then she drew him closer to her heart, saying to her self, " lie is my husband and 1 am his wife, and none shall come between us." Still trembling-for indeedthe reaction had been almost too strong for him- Bilent, for he was afraid to speak lest some new discord should break in upon this divinest harmony -bewildered, but conscious of real, of sweetest peace, Richard went slowly up the stairs, his wife with him. With her own hands she drew the easy chair before the lire in his dressing-room, and performed all sorts of pleasant caressing little oflices about him before his man was summoned. He smiled and let her do what she would. To have her thus about him rested and refreshed him more than sleep or food would have done. When she left him linally, promising to return in half-an-hour, he was calm, peace ful, soothed, and she herself was happier than she had been ever since that fatal dinner. After all, he was her husband; fine and noble, tender, just, and true ; and it was good to love him ! A note was put into her hand as she went into her own room. It was from Mr. Las celles, and contained his photograph, taken in the " sacrificial vestments," ?of which some part was her own work, accompanied by a beautifully bound manuscript in his own handwriting on the crime of disobedience to the will of the priest-representing God-and the awful authority given to him by con fession and absolution. Whether he had foreseen any strain of this preeent kind on the return of Richard, whose passage back through the village had been noticed and reported to him, and so took the only means within his power to counteract the natural intiuence of a woman's pity or a wife's only half-destroyed tenderness, who can tell ? He had a faculty of prevision which embraced all possibilities; and this might have been one of those occasions when nis knowledge of men and women made him pro phetic. With the photograph to remind, and the manuscript to recall, he thought that he had still his hand on the rudder, and that he need not fear the result of what he knew would be close sailing for the moment. Richard was the old, with the accumulated force of habit to back him ; but he was the new, with the keys of heaven and hell in his hand. As Jove held the thunderbolt, so had he the power of excommunication from the church, and consequent banishment from God; and should the pretty woman who was born to obey seek to rebel, she would have to learn that lovers can become executioners at need, and that a gentleman may court, but a priest must compel If these gifts were potent as reminders, so was the letter that accompanied them, going straight as it did to the heart of the situation. If recalled to Hermione the exact terms of the sacred promise which Bhe had made to him, the writer, her priest, her director, only ao long as this morning; and bound it on her conscience to fulfil to the letter all the con ditions which he had imposed Those con ditions were hard, and the words in which they were set forth were strong and rasping, but he clamped all together by the Divine authority of which he was the interpreter the executant-and defied a child of 'Holy Mother Church to disobey the supreme com mand. He Beemed to have had a magical in sight into her poor, weak, troubled soul ; and he came on the scene of thiB probability of i^conciliation like the spectre whidh stands by the altar, and with ita fleshless hand forbids i the marriage. He had foreseen all this hesi j tation, this wavering, this, turning back like ' Lot's wife to the home that she had aban \ doned, the life which habit and love had : endeared. But the hand which held knew ! also.tiow to keep; and Mr. Lascelles was not : the man to be discouraged by a few fruitless dtruggles in the victim which he haft cap-! (area, and now was .binding fast to the horns iof the altar. He knew that until finally , stilled the pendulum must heat , but ita swing ' is ever shorter; as the ebbing tide has waves which appear to a3vari6e,E 4)ut the tide ever ebbs, ana the deserted shore is left dry, strewn with dead things, and- the wreck of ; what was once man's finest work. On pain of her eternal perdition, Hermione was com , manded to continue steadfastly in holy oppo ! aition to this man of sin whom God had for ! taken, and to withdraw herself finally from hishateiful influence. Her love for him, she : was told, was a sin against heaven, and to be in friendship with him was to be at enmity with God. I It was as if a voice from the Ark had . spoken, calling back one wandering from the : WDpg^ip of Jehpvaji to the idolatrpqs temples ; of the groves-a voice which she dared not ; refuse to hear,'a command which she dared ! not refuse to.obey J ; When she went back to her husband, she went, back changed. She was gentle and sor rowful enough, out as if Bhe had shrunk a^ain within herself; and if not cold nor repelling, yet she was no; longer tender or expansive. Again, the moral blight which already had destroyed so much had fallen on her; and if , as Bpb$le, it pas also as irrpsis^ibl^ as the i blight which falls on the gardens ana the , cornfields. In her fear for his safety, and her unregenerate self-reproach for the pain that she nad given him, she had forgotten ! that he was an atheist, and had remembered i only that he was her husband whom she had I once adored and still loved, and, despite her : Belf, respected. Now she had to' remember 1 rather that he was excommunicate ? and that the only tje between them was nis name which ahe Dore, and the past which she could not undo,.if she ilid her beat to forget | came in. * in the i easy'ThairTB Bhe^iiad jrtaced it, weary in ! body, bjitiriththe pkHent iSalriuieaaibf ihirtL theeweet trustfulness,.*he - happy Jove (which i were' lessen tiaUyhis..iHe liadaccspted all ; that/taft tome to- Wm-in this last* ramr«B a fnU and -cotapliste rfec^aliatWnJ' He .had his wife again,-and their new life would 'date todfa- Thay w^j^wUfcft^hAr, hew^i,<»en, a*i» ? MM»d JjoaS&tt; one with the other how hart:to live in har mony and affection, even if it should still be that their spheres of thought were different, and their objects of belief opposed. Bat, at least, they had come fogollicr npuin, nn<1 no man Rtood between them. , , He etniled ivtid turned liifl lie.nl towards her as she Came through the iloni-way-nol that of communication with Imr room, but that which gave on the corridor, , , "Wife! dear wife! How pood it is to see you !" he said in n low voice, caressingly The colour had gone out of her face, and she looked as pale under tlie lamplight as if she had been Virginia herself. "I ntn glad you are safe at home. 1 was frightened about you," she said, in a con strained manner. , "1 do not like to have frightened you, sweet wife, but 1 love to hear (hat you were anxious,'' he answered, still smiling. " I hope that you have not made yourself ill; you looked so tired when you came in, and were so cold and wet," she said, in an odd, jerky way, not looking at him, pretend ing to arrange the antimacassar with her disengaged hand. He held the other in both of his. " It is all right now. I have your dear hand in mine," he said, kissing the soft pink lingers. Sue turned away in desperate trouble. It seemed so cruel to hurt liini aftesh. But her vow-Superior's letter-that manuscript of holy counsel-the divine guidance under which she lived-the commands which must be obeyed, let what human considerations there would oppose. She dared not take her husband back to her heart, nor give herself to his as in the past. She dared not disobey the priest whom she had chosen as her spiritual guide iu preference to this atheist, if once her beloved. It tore her own heart to part from him, almost as much in this moment as it would tear his to lose her; but the command was greater than the pain, and if that pain should even kill, that command must still be carried out. The thing which somewhat comforted her at this moment was the knowledge that she herself suffered as much as she made her husband euli'er. Hitherto she had yielded to the new law without much difficulty. It had even given her more than she lost, and she had often been more revolted by the atheist's infidelity than sympathetic with her husband's pain. Now 8he joined hands with him in sorrow, and regretted-how sincerely-that she could not be at one and the same time a faithful daughter of the church and a loyal and de voted wife. After a time she turned her face to him again, and looked at him softly, but not caressingly, as she had done. "I love you as much as I ever did," she said, in a low voice, believing her own words, while her tears began to flow; " but nothing has changed since this morning. You are an atheist, I am a Christian ; and until you have made your peace with God I can be nothing to you. Our thoughts and ways are separate, and so must be our lives." He raised himself in his chair and looked at her fixedly, then closed his eyes and his head sank forward on his breast. She thought he had fainted, and bent over him, breathless ; but the twitching of his mouth, the quiver of his eyelids, and a look of anguish that was more sorrowful than tears, more grievous than a cry, showed her that there was no blessed relief of insensibility. He was suffering as few men could have suffered without failing under the strain; but he had been mode strong enough by that short respite from torture to bear the rack again without giving way. Yet it was hard to have the hopes, tne assurances, only to be dashed again to the earth at the very moment when he thought himself most secure. Still, there it was, and his hope had been a fallacy. Her will-if set in motion by that other stronger, more determined, still always her will-decreed that they should be divided, and he could not help himself. And then, beside his inability, there came to his aid the man's self-respecting dignity, which is even greater than tne lover's love, and which for bade him to continue what was essentially a fruitless rivalry with another for hiB wife's devotion. "Things shall be as you will, wife," he said at last in a quiet voice, where were no suppressed tears, out only the very stillness of submission to the inevitable, the very pathoB of patience. "Some day you will come back to me of your own sweet wilL Until then I will respect yours, and wait." The extreme quietness of hiB xenunciation touched Hermione more than if he had broken out into passionate despair. It was so like death! She seemed to realise in that moment all that she had voluntarily lost-all that she had killed with, her own hands; and sinking on her knees by his aide, she buried -fcer face in the arm of the chaif and jseptin a forlorn and helpless way that, more; than anything else could have done, expressed all the weakness of her nature. He laid his hand tenderly on her head. No longer soft and feathery with its multi tudinous curls, but smooth and plainly braided, it was to him like the head of some* one else, not his wife, ' his beloved. He missed the elastic touch of those light rings and fringes whiph he had BO often caressed, and in which he took so much pleasure of admiration; and he < thought, as one thinks of unimportant things in grave moments, " Even these are changed with'the rest." He could say nothing to comfort her-J nothing to persuade her. All this misery was self-made, and as unnecessary as it was absolute. She alone could break the magic of the barrier that had been raised between them, as she alone had half consented to and half assisted in the weaving of the BpelL He stooped over her and drew ner face gently up to him, kissing her forehead as one bidding an eternal farewell, while saying tenderly ".My poor wife! What wretchedness for us both-and all for what purpose?" " It is the will of God!" said poor Her mione sobbing; and then slowly raising her self she stood by her husband's side, half lingering before leaving him-as both felt for ever. Their eyes methe raised himself slightly : and held out his arms: her fair face drooped towards his, and she laid her hand on his shoulder. " Wife! wife!" he whispered; '' my life! ; my love!" Another moment he would have clasped j her to.bis heart; but with a sudden spasm of | fear and anguish she turned abruptly away j and went back as if a blast of fire .had strucjc ! her face. .> - ? [ " No, no t yon are an atheist 1" she said. :" It iB a sin to love you!" 1 ! " So be it 1" he answered, and covered his i face in his hands. f Sobbing, not daring to trust herself at Ibis i moment; loving him with all her 4ul fervour, bu£ afraid of Godund bound by bee promise; Hermione rushed from the ro6m-again pac ing by the window, not ,through (be door of communication-and kneeling at her fald stool. said some pr&yert; before Jt& ibnicHJi which nhe tried qarg . to believe comforted her, and which ate knew didnot. Her'heart put away -from^beir Ihflr sorrow' she found faeraelf wishing that she had been left still unconverted;- and not afraid to love one who had every virtue but (bat of faith. Bat Richard passed through this Odlifrdtnnno without, even the comfort- of iirnyer-with nothing hut his own Htronu iienrt to support him, nnd his love for her who lintl left liitn, to soften liis despnir nt )iin bereavement. 