CHRISTMAS. " GLORY to God in the highest, and on earth peace, goodwill toward men." That was the announcement with which the angel-messengers heralded the advent of the Prince of Peace, and that is the Christmas carol which is re-echoed by mil- lions of tongues and hearts to-day the wide world over in celebration of the recurring anniversary. More than 1,800 years have come and gone since the echoes of the Palestinian hills were first awakened by the jubilant anthem, and looking back through the long vista there is cause enough for sorrow and even surprise that the song is still rather an anticipation of the future than a history of the past or a de- scription of the present. At the first thought it is saddening and even disap- pointing that the intervening centuries have not sufficed to sweep away national wars and social disturbances and individual animosities, which make the vaunted brotherhood of man a name rather than a reality. Without pressing the enquiry why this is so, it is enough to say that the fault lies not with the creed, but with the prevailing passions and imperfections and inconsistencies of those who profess it. South Australians, like their brethren in other lands, cannot prevent kings and princes from plotting and tyrannizing, peoples with or without just cause from rising in rebellion, the heathen from raging, or the nations from going to war ; but each according to his own abilities and oppor- tunities can work for the exposure and re- moval of social and political abuses, and can bring himself and those belonging to him within the influence of the Christmas sentiment. It is, however, impossible to exclude from prominence in our thoughts the painful spectacle which the world pre- sents in contrast with its condition as prophesied by the celestial heralds of the Messiah. Peace on earth ! Why, the gates of the temple of Janus, open always in times of war, have seldom been closed since that Augustan era when the angel anthem was first sounded in the shepherds' ears. At the present moment the air is surcharged with rumors of wars, and a slow match seems to be alight in Europe, which in any unexpected instant may be applied to one or other of the prepared magazines, and cause a universal and terrible conflagration. There is not a State of Europe which has not in this year of grace increased its estimates for naval and military expendi- ture, and no one is safe in predicting what a day may bring forth. Shaken to their inmost centre by the convulsive heavings of successive storms, the nations have not yet learned to accept the intervals of truce and hide from sight their mutual animo- sities. There are States whose lust of con- . quest leaves the world no rest, and forces nations whose wish is to make the Christ- mas carol their rule of action, to ruin themselves financially and disquiet them- selves incessantly by ever-increasing pre- cautions and preparations. Europe, Chris- tian Europe, which celebrates this natal- day of the Prince of Peace, has been transformed into a vast military camp and experimental arsenal for building warships and storing monster cannon. " The noise of battle hurtles in the air," and it has been truly stated that by more than one of the Powers " peace on earth is preserved not so much from the love of peace as from the difficulties in the way of breaking it." Good will to men ! Where among the na- tions are we to look for it ? We have ill- will between Russia and Germany, lowering looks and threatening words, and ominous castings about for alliances and helps. We have ill-will between Austria and Italy, the patriots of the latter asserting that " the carbine is the only pen that can be used to confound the arrogancy of Austrian diplo- macy," and the authorities of the former taking advantage of these high-swelling words " to increase their frontier defences on the Italian border." Good will ! During the whole period since last Christmas Britain has been engaged in small but sanguinary wars, in which the blood of her bravest sons has been shed, and even at the present moment the clouds of battle are lowering thick and heavy over our troops in Afghanistan. There is no quarter of the globe wherein a perfect composure rules. Turning from national quarrels to social disturbances and misunderstandings we find the same sad divergence between creed and practice. There is Nihilism in Russia ; there is socialism in Germany ; there are Home Rule disputes in Ireland ; there are class distinctions and jealousies and interests everywhere prevailing, all of which give evidence that the " good time coming" is still in the distance, and that much must be learned by nations and rulers before the full meaning of the Christmas carol is realised, and the people blessed with universal peace and goodwill.. While we note and deplore all this it would be a pity if we carried our unavail- ing regret so far as to mar our own full and reasonable enjoyment of the Christmas season. As a community we have great reason for thankfulness and gladness of heart. We have a plentiful harvest ; we have amicable relations with our neighbors far and near, and a singlar absence of dis- putes and burning animosities in religious and political life. Contrasting our lot in no pharisaic spirit with others, we find ground for celebrating our Christmastide with the " Gloria in excelsis," and with good will to men. Cynics may sneer at the wish which will be on a thousand tongues to-day, " A merry Christmas," and may inveigh against it as a hollow and hypocritical mockery—a stereotyped and meaningless phrase proceed- ing from the teeth outwards. But we are not all cynics, thank goodness, and we believe that there is a good deal of sincerity and good feeling bound up in the familiar greeting. Merry Christmas brings its little troubles and annoyances, indeed, in the shape of Christ- mas bills and Christmas boxes—but it has more than compensation in pleasant re- unions and reminiscences. No doubt to many of us as we grow up there is a quiet melancholy associated with the day. We think of former Christmas seasons—per- chance in other lands, it may be under happier auspices. Shadows of never-to-be- forgotten forms float before our mental vision, and echoes of loving words from lips long mouldering in the dust steal over us like the broken strains of only partially- remembered music. But these do not come like Banquo's ghost to mar the felicity of the present feast ; rather are they the dark background by which the pleasures of the present are intensified and made to stand out in more conspicuous prominence. Even those with whom there is a suspicion of silver about their locks and traces of crows'-feet about the corners of their eyes, may try to attain the mellow mildness of advancing years which takes its pleasure partially at secondhand, and finds a quiet enjoyment to-day in the frolics of the young olive branches. For Christmas is pre- eminently a children's festival, and the more we become like little children the more truly we enter into the spirit of his natal-day observances. It is a pity when rough contact with the world's biting frosts has marred the fresh- ness of youthful enjoyment, but it is worse to mar the full rush of innocent mirth and perfect contentment and loving trust of the children at this season by gloomy re- miniscences of what has been, or doleful anticipations of what yet may be. It should be remembered, too, that the cha- racteristic of Christmas Tide is charity even more than merriment. True religion fra- ternises ; it never patronises ; and the helping hand is the best bond of brother- hood between the rich and those who have need of this world's goods. In all countries, even the most favored by climate and other circumstances, is realised the truth of the saying, " The poor ye have always with you ;" and while nations in their proneness to war may discard the Christmas motto as their rule of action, and display too much of the Cain and Abel sort of brotherhood in their dealings with each other, individuals should in private life display that twice-blessed charity which " blesseth him that gives and him that takes." By opening up at this season espe- cially the fountains of a charity which is unleavened by party spirit and unlimited by sectarian exclusiveness, we make our own Christmas fare the sweeter, and act according to our ability and opportunity in the spirit of the carol " Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, good will to men." 