INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, Sydney, September 27. The weather wns fine to-day, nml as it was the first shilling day, it was estimated that about 20,000 persons visited the Exhibition. The cantata ncrformcd nt the oncnine wns repeated, and elicited hearty applause. The Queensland Court attracted great at tention. Sydney, September 29. Tbo sheep exhibition opened ' to-day. Mtulgco nnd Tasmania appear to have the strength in fine combing wools, South Australia in heavy combing wools, nud Queensland in clothing wools. The following nro tho principal awards rnndo to-day Merino flue combing wtxjl ram, any age: James Gibson, of Tasmania, 1st; Bell nnd Sons, of Queensland, 2nd. Ram, two years old : James Gibson, of -Tnsinnnia, ',1st nnd 2nd, nnd special prize for frame and quantity. Heavy combing wool morinoratn, any age : Bell nnd Sons, of Queensland, 1st; O. B. Fisher, of Queensland, 2ml ; William Allan, of Queensland, 3rd. Ram, two years old: Saunders, James, and Co., of South Australia, 2nd. No 1st or 3rd prizes wore awarded. Two ram hoggets Bell aud Sons, of Queensland, 2nd.. No 1st prize wns awarded. Merino ewes, any age : C. R. Fisher, of Queensland; 1st and 2nd ; Bell nud Sans, of Queensland, 3rd mid 4th. Prize for wool wcro awarded to the Minister for Agrionlturo nnd Monsieur Gilbert, of France. " Subscriber " (Goondhviudi). — Under n later ruling of tho Supremo Court in nu action for libel, your letter is libellous, nud cannot bo inserted. Mineral Crekk Gold-field.— In order to asccrtniii tho real merits of tho auriferous discovery at Mineral Creek, our special re porter visited tho locality on Saturday last, and this morning we publish the result of hi observations. v Railway Receipts.— The returns for tlio week ending September tbo 20th,. show a decrease on tho Southern and Western rail way of £831 5s. 10d., nnd nn increase on tho Central Railway on tho week ending Sep tember the 20th, of £57 fis. 3d. . Merinoandan Cemetery.— Tho follow ing gentlemen havo been appointed trustees of tbo Mcringnwlnn Cemetery : — Messrs. William Andrews, John Lennc, Adolph Spies, Charles Frederick Couchmnn, Frederick Lucbt, nnd Francis Folincl. The Latest of the Kelly's.— An Ade laide telegram in last night's Telegraph says : — " It is rumored thnt Ned Kelly was a saloon cabin passenger in tho last homeward trip of tbc Orient liner Chimbornzo, b., but that he left tho vessel at ono of tho siding stations on tbo Suoz Canal." The Weather.— During Friday midnight and Saturday morning n sudden and mar vellous chango took plnco in the weather. At midnight on Friday there was every appear ance of another downpour of rain, but sud denly tho clouds dispersed, and a westerly wind set in, which increased almost to a galo bv Saturday morning. Tho air was cold nnd bleak, nnd continued so throughout tho day. Since then tho wind has continued westerly, with a cloudless sky and light frosts at night. The chango to flue Weather was much needed, but severe frosts would just now do consider able injury, especially in tho vineyards. Political . Spite,— To show wlmt lengths some men will go to vent their spite nud venom against journalists who. do thoir best to perform their duties conscientiously, tho Courier of yesterday publishes the subjoined paragraph. And this is the net of ono of tho men whom tho present Government deliuhted in linnnr hv appointing him to roprcsent, or misreprent, tho colonists of Queensland nfc the Sydney International Exhibition :— " A Summons has been served on tho proprietors of this journal for nn alleged iuformality stated to bo in coutrnvGiition of tho Compnnics Act of 1803\. The following is tho text of tho in formation :— Wltcreaa n cnmplntnt ha been mailo Iteforo th® undurntgnetl, ono of her .Mnjwt.vV jastlcw or tho |>cnco. in Mitl for tlio mfil colony of Qucctnlnml, for that yon, tlio Hrblmnc Nc\v»|m|icr Comtmny, limited, unlawfully <lhl not. between tho :>1t day of March, 18.9, ami tho 30th day of September, 1879, to wit on any of tho dny between tlio until 31st, day of March. 1879, and tho20th day of September, 1879. paint or nilix or keep pointed or nlltxcd, tlio namo of tlio raid com pany on tlic outfitdo of tbo registered offlco of the raid comjtany in a consplcloun padtion In letters enMly legible, contrary to Uie raid statute, whereby nud by virtue of tbo Companies Act of 1809 the raid company hove forfeited a sum of money not avcccdhiK tivo pound for tlic raid offence, nud for every day during which tlio raid offence has been committed, to wit tlio sum of JI80A, to lie |Kild nnd nppiicd according to law. Theso nro, tlwrcforv, tocomuinnd you, in Iter Majesty's name, to bo nnd appear on tlio UHh dny of Octolior, at 10 o'clock iu tho forenoon, lit tlio rollcoOlllco, Uiidu'ic, In tlio raid colony, before Mich justices of tho (woco for the raid colony ns mny then be there, to answer tlio said charge or offence, nud bo further dealt with ac cording to law. Given under my hand nnd rant, this 'JGth dny of Sep tember in tho year of our Lord one thousand eight hun dred and sovcnty-niue,at BrlsUmo. In tlio colony afore said. (Signed) Euwahd WiexiioIiT, J.P, The Act provides that tho whole or auy part ot tho penalty mny be given to tho informer. Iu the present ease tho informer is Mr. Charles Lumlcy Hill, M.L.A. The Great Squatting Cases of Hun- oeupoud v. Davenport, and Davenport v. iiunokrfoud.— Tho motions for new trials in these ease were heard last week in Sydney anil concluded or. Friday. Mr. M." 11\. Stephen, Q.G., Mr. Davis, and I'ilchcr in structed by Messrs, Lyons, C'rcagh, and Wil liams, appeared for Mr. Davenport, and Mr. Parley, -Q.C., Sir George Inncs, ami Mr. Simpson, instructed by Messrs. Dcniie nnd Denne appeared for Mr. Htingcrlord. The judgment of tho court is to the cffccl that Mr. Ilungcrfortl holds his verdict against Messrs. Davcni>ort and Fisher for £10,000, nud Messrs. Davenport and Fisher hold their verdict aguiust Mr. liuugcrford for £600. Toowoomba School of Arts. — A special niceling of the commiltc.: of (he School of Arts was lielil last evening. Present — Mo-rs. Groom (Chairman), M' hi tyro, Hooper, Har rison, Dal by, Munro, Blimey, nud O'Reilly. Messrs. Murk, Hudson, nnd W. S. Prewett were apjioiuled to audit llie year accounts nt the remunerative of £i N, each. Tlio annual general meeting of membors wns arranged to lake place on Thursday, the 'Jth of October. The accounts to the end of tlio institutional year were passed and ordered to bo paid. An application of Mr. Dillon « for a reduction in the price of the hall for the present week was acceded to. This con cluded thebuduess of the meeting, aud tho coinmittco adjourned //»/ die. Mr, William Charles Dillon.— We have pleasure iu directing attention to the grand complimentary benefit to this eminent tragedian at the .School of Arts to-night, under the pntronngo aud presence of tho lion. James Taylor, M.L.C., his Worship the Mayor (R. Uodsall, Esq.,) W. It. Groom, Esq., M.L.A., B. Cribb, Esq., 8. Benjamin, Esq., Major lllnxlnnd, and the officer of the 2nd Quecn.slandcrs, ntid tho elite of Too woomba. Mr. Dilton and his company have been placing upon the boards in Toowoomba somo of Slmkcspearcs best plays to a very appreciative, but we fear n not payable audi- tory. We therefore trust that the public of Toowoomba will givo Mr. Dillon a bumper to-night, when he appears as Othello, which is said (to bo his bast impersonation, whilst Miss Bender take tho part of Dosdemoua in which character she i said to stauil unrival led. Lover of true dramatic talent will enjoy a treat to-night. Whose Fault is it?— The Courier of yesterday thus reports tho sale of tho gate, booths, See., for tho Brisliauo races, which nre to be held ou the third nnd fourth of October Tlic sale of tho booths, gate, \- ...v. » .nu .mi UIIU nil October, mlve.tiscd to tnkc plnco at R. Martin's bazaar on Saturday last, proved a fiasco. Tho two bars and luncheon-room iu the grand stand sold for tho small sum of £31, and a site for n booth outside for £11. The other booths were withdrawn, and will be sold privately by the cccretnry. Notwith standing that there wns a largo muster of publicans, there wn no competition' ' In this district wo do uot suppose tliorc nre a dozcu persons (except owners of horse) who know thnt races are to be held nt Brisbane on tho days nnmetl. Wo learn thnt not a single Darling Downs journal has been honored with n notification from the Bris bane Club that the Brisbane Spriug Races arc to be held on the 3rd nnd 4th of October. Tho publicans nt Brisbane may well stay their hands when the country districts nro kept in ignorance of the Club's programmo. —Ed. T. C. Closing Roads.— Applications nppcnr iu the Government Gazette, from Mr. C. B. Fisher to close tho following roads in tho parish of Clifton, Unrliug Downs :— Road separating portions 10 to 1G, 33 to 38, 01, G2, and G8 from portions 7, 8, 17, 18, 19, 20, 29, 30, 31, 32, 39, 40, 41, JSn, GUn, GO, 59, 58, 07, nnd 63, — Road separating portions 8 and 12 from portions 17 nnd 13. — ltoad separating fiortiou 10 nnd 20 from portions 29 nud 33.— toad separating portions 32 and 36 from portion 37 nml 39.— Road separating por tions H3 nud 41n from portion GUa nnd Gl.— Road separating (tortious 58 and 02 from portions G7, 63, and 09. The Sydney Exhibition.—' The following geullemeu, members of the Legislative As sembly, lmve been appointed Honorary Com. missioncrs to represent tho Colony of Queens land nt the Sydney luternntiounl Exhibition —Messrs. Gcorgo Henry Davenport, Boyd Dunlop Morclicnd, Charles Lumlcy-llill Francis Tysecn Amburst, Albert Norton, John Stevenson, nnd John Wnlsh. It will ho remembered thnt three of the above-named gentlemen denounced Mr. Lukin, the Ex ccutivo Commissioner, in most unmeasured terms, nud ns n reward for their abuse of a gentleman who hns done his duty with credit to himself and ndrautngo to the colony, his Iraducers nro appointed by the Government Honorary Commissioners to the very Exhibi tion thoy stated wo n fnrcc and wns nothing more than a huge advertising machine. It is worthy of notice also, thnt nit bough there nro five or six cx-ministcra of the Crown on tho Opposition benches, not onn of thorn 1ms been offered the position of Honorary Commis sioner to Sydney, "'ilia rowdy brigado" nre thought inoro worthy to represent Queensland tbnn nn ex-Prime Minister, or nn cx-Attorney-Gcnernl, or one who but a few dnys ngo wns offered a puisne judgeship.— Verb Sap. The New Commissioners to the Sydney Exhibition.— " Bohemian in tho Week thus trenchantly deals with the new commissioners appointed to tho Sydney Exhibition " Morclicnd, Lumley Hill, and Stevenson, the "sub-section, tho ' Minis terial sharp-shooter," tbo " rowdy brigade," nnd tho " rough nnd rendy squad,"' ns they nre variously designated, nro off to Sydney, and the Premier hns conferred upon them the title of Iiouoniry Commissioners for Queensland nt tho Sydney Exhibition. This' is perhaps only a jusl reward for the in estimable services they have rendered tho parly, during tho session, but it is "rough" on Mr. Greslcy Lukin, tho Exccutivo Com missioner down there— awfully rough. IIo has worked hnrtl nnd well for tho colony nt Sydney, nnd his efforts have bccu crowned with success. All the papers in nil the colonics nro sounding the praic3 of tlio Queensland Court and tho Queensland Exccutivo Commissioner, and now to be puL through his facings by Morchcad, Lumlcy Hill, aud Stevenson, is a very left-lmmlcd sort of a reward for nil his paiu. It is reported about town thnt Morchcad got him self appointed Quccnslnnd Commissioner for tlio express purpose of " taking it out of " Lukin nt Syduey, and tlmt he is going down vith that object. Ho intends to distinguish 'himself there in tho most umnislakcablo maimer nt Mr. Lukin's expense. I should noL bo surprised if this turn out to bo true becnuso Morchcad hns a big grudge ngniust Lukin, and is sore to tnkc tho first favorable opportunity which offers to pay it off. It will he odd if ho should not have a fnvornblo opportunity at Sydnoy during Uie Exhibition. Lumlcy- llill, too, has nn edge upon tho " editor man " of the Courier, as ho called him in tbo Assembly on a recent occusiou, mid Stevenson is strongly of opinion that " liaw— this sort of fcllnh should bo putdowu, nnd umdo to know Ids pwopnh place." It will be grand fun to the initiated when these three hunorary commissioners get to Sydney nml commence operations with the Executive Commissioner— and nobody will enjoy it more hcnrlily than our Premier and Colonial Secretary, although my old friend Lukin may fail to appreciate the joke. An editor man is fair game for legislators of the Morchcad type anywhere and everywhere. If his feelings are wounded aud he shows it— why so much the belter sport. Ye ; when you come to think of it seriously, it was a capital idea to make tho members of the "sub- section" honorary commissioners, so ns to give Ihuni the opportunity of "taking somo of the bounce out of" our Executive Com missioner over the great triumph ho has achieved with the Queensland court nt tho -j Syduey Exhibition. i. This Wi:athur and tiii: Chops at AlIjORA.— - A correspondent at Allom, writing yesterday, says : — Tlio weather Tor the last few days has hecn quite .a treat, a nice fresh breeze blowing, varying from NAV.W. and b.\v. doing ciur farmers much good. (Jar streets are now getting passable, and if this fine weather holds out, tilings will he much more plonsantcr. Tho npj»carnncc of the wheat in this neighborhood looks very proniis- ing, but a small quantity 1 may say, on the whole, has been laid down byjlhe wet weather. There is every prospect of a heavy yield if the rust will keep away. We had a rather severe frost on Inst Saturday night fortius time of the year. IIamlbt. — Tho lovers of what is known as the " legitimate drama" had a rare treat afforded them ou Friday evening last, at the V School of Arts, for the great tragedy of H Hamlot, Princo of Denmark," was the piny placed upon tho boards on that occasion. Owing, perhaps, to the dullness of tlio times, and tho fact that many of our local playgoers have been recently surfeited with amuse, meats, Mr. Dillon has not enjoyed the ex tensive patronage ho deserves ; yet the curtnin roso to a tolerably largo house on Friday night. " Ilamlct" is admitted hy tho best critiques to be, with the oxcoption of »' Macbeth " and " Othello," the finest effort of Shakespeare's genius, and there was, 110 doubt, a very prevalent desire to sec it pro- duced on the stage in its entirely. The plot is ft strange and melancholy one — perhaps tho strangest and most moluucboly in ull the tragedy. The sccno is laid iu Denmark, when Denmark was ft grctib power, and England merely a subject province. The „ king, after proving himself a wise and virtuous monarch by unking good laws and vanquishing tlio enemies of the State, is cut olf suddenly in tho midst of his triumph, leaving behind liirn a widow who appears to mourn his loss, and n son who is in every way worthy of such a father. The widow soon " throws olf her weeds, and marries Iter dead husband's brother, lint tho grief of young Hamlet is more lasting, and for a long tiuio ho is proof to all consolation. At length his father's spirit appears, and apprizes him that I10 was murdered in his sleep— his (the King's) brother, with tho connivanco of the Queen, 1 being tlio murderer. At that "witching hour of night," Ilamlct swears to avengo the crhno, and with that object in view dis sembles pretty effectually his omotions, and even pretends to be mad until the tirno for action arrives. I11 happier days he had been deeply enamoured with the lovely Ophelia, sister of Laertes, and daughter of old Polonius (tho Lord Chamberlain), but now . ... lovo is forgotten in revenge, and poor Ophelia, unable to survivo his soeming coolness and unfaithfulness, become demented and drowns s herself. At the instigation of Hamlet, a play is given at the court of Denmark in the pre sence of the King and Queen, and Hamlet provails on the actors to rchcarso the circum stances under which his father met his death. \- Tho usurper shudders at 4 tho sight, and abruptly quits tho place, being conscious of tho detection of crime. In bis deep-slung chagrin he seeks the death of Hamlet. This stratagem is successful, and Hamlet is mar itally wounded by Laertes, at the instigation of the King, who falls by Hamlet's dagger when the treachery is discovered. Tlio Queen dies through drinking a poisoned draught in mistake, which hnd bceu prepared for her son. Of course Ilamlct is tho central figure throughout, and though tho rote is one of tho most dillieult nn actor could assume, the character was sustained by Mr. Dillon in a manner well calculated lo enhance his already groat reputation as a trngedian. The various Iilmscs iu the unhappy l/amUCs character — lis deep respect for his father's memory, his tenderness for his friend Horatio, and the apparently icy indifference under which ho couccals his ardent love for Ojdielia, the mixed affection and detestntion for his mother, his undying thirst towards his i murderous uncle, his thirst for revenge, his P. dissimulation nud protended madness, his unfeigned sorrow and dauntless courage — I were all placed in tho strongest light, and | brought home to the hearts of the audience, j by tho masterly acting of Mr. Dillon. The | parts in which lie appeared to most advantage were the ghost scene, tho interview with the Quran, and the graveyard scene. The solilo- , quics, especially the famous ' to be or not to ! be." were also well rendered. Assad Ophelia, Miss Pender made wlmt Inter on, as Oslo, fiho termed a bit, "a very palpable hit ; and her personation of the simple, artless maiden, who " loved not wisely, hut too well," made a deep impressitin on tlio "audience, who, ns often as she appeared, greeted her with ap plause. She sang with marked sweetness the littlo simple ballads incidental to her part, and Miss Fonder appeared to hare fully realised tlio very Ophelia whom Shakespeare drew. Among the subordinate characters that of Folonius and the Grarediyycr — that — strange compound of wisdom and folly — ; : pleased us well, both parts being assumed by Mr, Ellis, the business manager. Miss Fanny Rogers marie ah excellent .Queen Gertrude, whose various emotions were finely delineated I by that pleasing and silvery-voiced young | actress. Though comedy is Sir. Ilcsford's | forte, ho did not disappoint his many ad- mirers by his clever rendering of the not over-interesting part of Laertes. Iu tho dual character of Ghost and Kiny Claudius Mr. | Mortync wns equally at home, and the I . . manner in which liis rapid transition from I tho " buried majesty of Denmark " revisiting | the glimpses of the moon to the cold-hearted « schoming usurper was conducted was- truly wonderful, no Intel) being discernnblc. Mr. Fattcrson appeared quite at homo as Horatio, as did Air. liexamer as Jtcrmirdo, and Mr. Lewis ns Francisco. Miss Mary Ciraingcr, 0$ who is a charming elonr-voiced young actress of great promise and pleasing apjicnrnncc, ;jj represented to much advantage QuiUhmtem, 3 nsdid Miss Amy Kelson the park of lloscn- crantz. In fact the entertainment was iu ovcry way a triumph for Mr. Dillon, who '.jg achieved marvels, considering the limited $ stage accommodation ho had at his command. '.% It may truly be said that the interest of U10 ?ji| niulicnco iu tlic piny never flagged from the v?| opening dialogue of tho two sentinels to the llnal catastrophe, ns the reiterated bursts of .applause uumihlnkeably indicated. The , weird music proper to (lie tragedy, arranged c hy Sir Michael Costa, was tastefully rendered by tho orchestra. 'This company nppcarcd again on Saturday eveniug with " Dolphcgor, or the Mountebank," in which Mr. Dillou, ns Jtclphcyor, played to j>crtcction. Ho was particularly pathetic at that stage in the first act, where his son informs him of tho flight . of Madeline with her child. JHs interpreta tion of the miserable diverted husband was given in so natural and rcnl a manner as to actively excite (he hiehrimoso tendencies of many persons present. Miss Fender, ns Made- line, 'was ns usual as pleasing in her graceful deportment as an actress could possibly be. The other members of the company nho ac quitted themselves to the entires satisfaction of Iho audience, which wo regret to say wns a disproportionate acknowledgment of the talent autl quality of the company. The chief play Just night was tho " Lady of Lyons. Of course in these liad times peoplo cannot nffonl to "stump up" every night, but we would seriously remind all lovers of real dramatic talent that the slay of Iho . Dillon Company is drawing to a close, and we readily commend so high class eutertuimucnls to the public. 