ASSEMBLY. I he House met yesterday at on; hour when, sensihlo people had not finished luncheon, and the postprandial toothpick had not dono ji's- wuuj iui Hiuaa triiti) in kmc guuti uiu'iita.uuusu English style, dine at an early hour .of the. day. In other words, Mr Speaker took the olmir at tfcn minutes post two o'clock, when, to ihy _ Hurprisp, there were several persons in the' gallery. The House will soon become a rnsnrt as popular, if not as edifying, as our Publio Library. The usual questions were asked. Mr Mason wanted to know whether the Cnief Seonetnry purposed taking early step3 to recognise in n suitable manner tho services rendered to the country by Dr. M'Douuld, J.P., of Sale, and Cohstablo Beck, of Moe, in oapturing the two men who at tempted to rob the Bank of Australusin at Moe. Mr Berry said, in effect, that C mstablo Beck hnd onlydonchisduty. Tho bank manager resisted the robbers effectually, and was en titled to as much recognition as anybody con cerned in tho matter. Mr Berry then instanced tile ease of Constable Monks, who had fought with a man and had followed him for a mile and a half, 'although wounded, as being an act of equal courage and faithful Dor- (ormanco of duty.. I infer that he considers it to bo a mistake to make those who per form courageous deeds in the cause <>' duty recipients of especial reward from tho Govern ment. So do I. It is suroly reward enough to find in the applause and respect of one's fellow citizenB a recognition of ouo's ac tions;nndI hold, that it would omisjul.ite that manliness and honorable conscientious ness which prompt a man to da his duty, were special reward mads a prece dent in such matters. Let us, if we will, thank those who serve the community by honorable deeds; but to make such matters tho subjects of especial fusi and hysterical applause is to wrong those whom we seek to reward. I can understand the Vio toria CroBS, but a apeoial grant from Parlia ment— bnh ! that is making courage and honor cupboard duty. At loost, that is iny way of thinking, and I have evor held it to he an insult him who returns you the puree ho has picked up in the street to offfir a speoial reward for his hon esty. To be sure, I_ nover yet mot a person who took such notion ns insult, and my theory, therefore, may have no force iu fact. I bog pardon for intruding it. .Laomosunceresiitig portion otcne proceedings duriug the early part of the sitting was Mr Dwyer's question of privilege. The honorable gentlemau said that in conscquonce of some observations made by him in tho House, steps had been taken by those against whom those remarks had been directed to expel him from Parliament. As the. honorahlo gentleman said this he paused and looked around. So did I, to mark how the Chamber received the information. Alas ! it is an apathetic Cham ber—impervious to emotion, incapable of generous indignation. There was no shudder, no smothered groan, no out- word and visible sign of horror, with which, one might naturally have imagined, such a statement would have been received. It was a pitinblo illustration of the ease- hardening infiuenco of political lifo ; the de moralising results of participation in a selfish and debasing pursuit. Whither Mr Dwyer's quick thought rea lised these influence0, I know not. If they did, he commanded his impressions well, ana continued his address decently, with n restrained pathos that affected mo immensely. Ho said that hs had re frained from sitting in the Houso since pro ceedings had been taken against him, but that ho now felt it to be bie duty to lav the matter before hon. members ; after doing which he intended- to leave 'the House and keep away until the affair was settled one way or the other; Then Mr Dwyer proceeded to tell the story of an acceptance 1 of his which had been discounted by tile Aus- ' trolinn and European Bank, which all who run may read in the reports of the morning journals. Mr Dwyer contended that the Commercial Bank had purchased his accept- some remarks which, upon the 1st, 16th, and 23rd October ho had made about that institu tion. Ho wished to point out that in such case a serious breach of pri vilege had been made; and that if it lay in the power of the loader of tho Opposi tion or of any bank manager to disfranchise any constituency by employing iegil ma chinery to expel its member, then there was an end to freedom of speech and independent action. After this, saying he was prepared to substantiate before a committee ot the Ho me tho statements ho had made, Mr D .vyor, with dignified mien, such as might have characterised a noble duke meeting a sentence from his peers, walked to the bar of the house. But Mr Speaker speedily dispelled the romance of the situation by stating til it, in order to establish a breach of privilege, an honorable member must show some conmo ion between his notions and tho circum stances of which he complained. To this Mr Dwyer answered that his view of the causes which had led tho bank to take action had been inferred from the re marks of the chairman of the bank in question, and some observations mado by the manager, Mr Turner, to a friend of his, to the effect that Mr Dwyer had better go to New Zealand, as he would be put out of Farliament. Here Mr Speaker said that the practice of Parliament required that tho honorable member should withdraw, and Mr Dwyer, gathering up his hat and his papers, and making his best holiday bow, took his departure. It was a touching scene. Mr Berry then said a few words. He said that they could not ask the House to take any action in tho matter, in view of the informa tion which had been placed before it. Then Pythias drew sword for Damon. In other words, Mr Mnson spoke in fayor of his friend's position. He said that he did not think Mr Service could deny that lie had waited upon him and offered a considers, tion for the judgment in possession of the bank, and that the honorahlo member had an swered, "Dwyer had better learn to pav his debts bftfnrn he attacks the Commercial Bank in Parliament," And then Mr Mason had his own personal moan, and said that his family had recently been robbed of L8000 by one of the banks, at_ which Mr Speaker remarked that this was scarcely to the point. Mr Mason aneivared that the desired to illustrate the theory that ail were liable to sudden losses, ' and that if the House allowed people ontsido to buy up judg ments, in order to have a hold over hon. mem bers inside, there would be no independence for hon mombers ntati. Then Mr Mason want on to say that from what hehad heard outside, ho waa assured Mr Dwyer was not the only honorable member who was indebted to tho Commercial Bank. I pique myself upon a certain fuculty of perception of the Lavater order, and) I peered eagerly into the several visages of honorable members ; but I own that in the stolid imperturbable countenances which mot my inquiring gaze I waa not able to read sufficiently well that Inner conscious ness of the truth of Mr Mason's remark which might have enabled me to " spot" tho honorable mom bers to whom he referred. Mr Mason concluded his fraternal address by saying that the wholo matter would, next day, be fully investigated. As it was a question that effected every member of the HouBe, he trusted that a select committee would bejappointed. This finished, Mr L, L. Smith, said that ho hoped the Houso would ignore the statements of these "Siamese twins." One of them — the hon. memherifi-r Yilliers nnd Heytesbury— had recently blackguarded agentleman whom every commercial and professional man in tho oimnuDity, who had had dealings with him res- especicaiana ceceomeu. xre uau iciu luuigimui. and ashnmod. At that time, however, owing to the fact that ho stood under cortsin obliga tions to the Commercial Bank, ho had re frained from entering npon defence of that gentleman. But now that this delicate ob- .traction no longer existed, he was free to say that a better, a more honorable, upright gen tleman did not exiet than Mr Turner. Sir Smith epolcs with that warmth with which he ever champions a causo, and I own that in this matter — having some reason to endorse his views— "my heart went out to him." -.1 . Mr Nimmo followed in tho same strain, and Mr Lalor said " stuff" in contemptuous com- mcnt, and after some remarks from iMr Orr Sir Bryan O'Loghlen took up the racket. He said that in tne old country he had seen a wounded crow abandoned by the rest of tho flockJbut he did (not think that honorable memborB should follow so base an example. Ho did not say that the hon member for "Viliiers and Haytcsbury had made out a case, but ho, thought that j there were some very siiBpioieus oircuinetances in tho matter, and he was sure if the House should find that any attompt had been made, as was asserted, it would not fail to doal with the offender, whoever ho might be. Then Sir Bryan said that ho did not wish to judge from a mero ex parte statement; aftor which ho went on to Bay that two facts were to his mind far from satisfactory, in relation to tho action of the bank in tho matter. Hore Mr CiliieH said that it was dis graceful that tlio Attorney- General should eponk ' thus on a question which wos snbjudice , and-- Sir - Bryan urged til-it he was only, commenting upon statements which had been mode in the Houso ; alt-r whioh Ma MacBain nnd Mr Lungridge hnd a say on the subject. Mr Gillies pointed out to Mr Mason that if all the debtors of tho Provincial and 'Suburban Bank hud paid up their liabilities, he would havo been saved from the loss of which he had justeomplained. And then tho curtain dropped. The Stamp Duties Bill now came on, and the amendments ' made hp committee were agreed to. There was, as usual, much talk over the schedules, dur ing which some small passaves of arms ocourred. Some strong feeli tig was shown during the discussion which fuliowed upon Sir Bryan O'Loghlon's statement that the Uovernmont had arranged to postpone the date of tho commencement of operation of the hill to the 8th December. Several honorable members on both sides of the House protested that the time was too short to enable the country to become familiarised with theprovi- it-ns of the bill. Mr L.L.Smith remarked, in true professional spirit, that it was folly to prolong the agony. He considered that the House should let tho matter go, and oome down on tho Government in one fell swoop on tbi| L5 maximum question — at which there wa« a roar of appreciative laughter. Mr Service, wno, I regrot to say, looked ex ceedingly ill, and spoko with a very weak voice, had a little altercation with Mr Berry. Mr Service said that ho preferred to throw all the responsibility of the measure upon the shoulders of the Government. The bill had beon altered nnd amended so often that hardly any one knew what was in or out of it. At this Mr Berry cried, "Whose fault is that ?" Mr Service : The faultof thoGovernm-'nt. Mr Berry ; No ! Ti's tho fault of an un scrupulous opposition. Mr Sravico (with an emphatic hitch of his shoulder): " Unscrupulous Opposition I Can the honorable member show me any member of tho Opposition who has been oharged during the session, on the floor of the House, byn pro minent member of his own party with an act of unparnUelled treachery ?" And then Mr, Berry replied, _ and was cheered, aud presently Mr Gillies had o "shy" nt, the question. Ha is a good shot, and I own that ho knocked over some of the arguments very prottily ludoed. Well, the House divided, to the profit of file Government; and thou on a motion of Mr M'Intyre'?, Mr Bent quoted from ono of Mr Berry's tpeeohs nt Geelong, with tho view of showing tlint the honorahlo gentleman did not alwoyd think as ha thinks now. But the " great majority " would not havo Mr Bent. One honorable member, with an art that should make him a valuable accession lo a " liiggtr " troupe!, performed a happy 'imitation of The blue . tailed ilv others coughed with such persistence that tho ghost of influenza looked in at the door to ere who was mocking it; while some honorable geotlomen chatterod and laughed with all tlie freedom of a well-bred audience at a concert. It was no use complaining. Mr Bent was put down ; and, soon after, Mr Gaun- son had to suffer the like "obstruction." Mr Gaunson kept up tho steam until re. freshmont hour, after having beon. signalled by Mr Speaker to bear up and act under escort. He made one of his most inconsequential speeches, which strongly reminded me of the old lady in one of Dickens's novels who is eternally ob serving, apropos of nothing, "There are mile stones on the Dover road." There were many such halting irrelevances in Mr Gannsons speech. Honorable members, having reoupora'ed, returned to the Chamber to listen to a lecture from . Mr Patterson, who told the Opposition precisely that whioh had been said before by Mr Berry, and denied by Mr Gillies, echoed by the patriarchal Andrew, and pooli-hooed by Mr Carter a short time before. Ah! dear me, 'tis Borry mohotony this eternal you're another business. I pro teat that I have come to understand honorable M.VIUlsCID ru WC'll) U3 CAlllUi VCU UUllUj lillQjtl childish differences, as to bo tolerably confident I could report their speeches out of hearing. Mr MTntyre, who, by the way, has always an explanation on hand, essayed to address the Chamber upon the interesting subject of a personal explanation. But honorable members would not have it. The patriarch roared, "Spoke;" Mr Mirains did the like ; anil the Major's sonorous voice reverbeiated liko a crash of thunder as hi cried out "Chair." "Bon," roared Mr M'Intyre at tho Major, and then he sat down and a division followed, tho Major, ns ho crossed the float' good, liumoiodly echoing ' Boo" as he passed the hnn. member for Sandhurst. Wei1, this matter having been settled, the Home went into committee of supply, and Mr Speaker wus enabled to retire from Ills throne, mid Mr James took tip his position as pro-consul. Matters had not gone far ere Mr Carter raised the question of the board npp'-intwl to report on the supply of water by the XVatts river junction. It was however, of uo interest, save that it called forth Nr Nimino, whose voice is to me even as the bulbul's notes were to Nourmnhai, the lovely. Moreover, it is good to look upon this honorable gentleman, who speaks with true platform ease, nod demo- emtio elegance ; standing composedly with one hand in hi3 pocket jingling his loose silver, and emphasing his utterance by appropriate gestures and suggeetivo move ments. Soon after, the committee got on to the question of Dookie farm. You may bo euro Mr L. L. Smith was in this sweep. He pooh- poohed this pet of Mr Lorigmore's, nnd said ' some very good tilings in support of his aver, sion to it. Mr O'llea mado a long speecil, in the course of which ho awed his extens ve knowledge _ of the productive resources of Europe, hie acquaintance with history, and several other subjects peritnenb to the ques tion. It was not amusing, however, nnd I was glad when, at 25 minutes past 11 o'clock, the House arose, and 1 was enabled to take my departure from tho GALLERY. 