DEPRESSION OF TRADE. In these colonies as well as in the old country there is much earnest discussion respecting the causes of the depression of trade, and consequent distress among the working classes of the United Kingdom, •and various reasons are assigned for the present unsatisfactory condition of affairs. .There is no doubt of the magnitude of the evil, and there is only too much reason to fear that it has not yet reached its climax. Not only have the working classes in some of the principal departments of industry lost the wnole of the advance in wages which took place during the years from 1870 to . 1873, but the reduction is to a point below what the rate of pay was before the rise 'Commenced. In 1869 the average wages of miners in Scotland were 3s. 9d. per day, Jjut now they are only 2s. 9d. Great re ductions have taken place in the cotton, iron, and shipbuilding trades, and the operatives are powerless to resist these changes, as they are getting exhausted by strikes, and employers who have been losing money will not yield any further to the demands • of the men. Not only are wages diminished ibut the hours of labor are lengthened. .The attempt to lower the pay of the poor farm laborers causes special regret, and the men have general sympathy and support an their resistance to the reduction. They justly urge that if farming is not remune rative the economy should not be in the 16s. a week so hardly earned by the ploughman, but in the rent of the farms. In fact in this struggle the land question, which will some day cause a great com motion in England, is brought to the fore. Besides the lowering of wages there are not -wanting other sign's of had times. The exports have fallen off by many millions" during the last two or three years. Thou sands of men are out of work, and thousands more are only employed a day or two per -week. Maiiy are in a starving condition, and some have died for want of sustenance. Pauperism has increased 2 percent, all over the kingdom, but in some districts it has increased 10 per cent. The Savings Banks furnish another indication of general ad versity ; the amount of deposits is stationary, or slightly declining.- Mills and factories have been stopped in all directions; work has ceased in mines; warehouses have been closed or their business reduced to a third or a fourth of what it was a year or two ago. This lamentable condition of things is due to a variety of causes. The country seems to have been in for a run of bad luck. There have been three or four bad harvests consecutively, and though last year the yield was good, the price of wheat has been lower than at any period since the aboii tion of the Corn Laws, more than thirty years ago. The Indian and Chinese famines have naturally interfered with British commerce in the East. Then came the failure of the Glasgow Bank, and the crash of Companies and firms of high standing and immense busi ness operations that it brought down in its own fall. The fear of a gigantic war had a share in producing that distrust which is too often the forerunner of dis aster. These causes of the prevailing dis tress are of temporary character, but there are not wanting people who profess to see more lasting and fundamental sources of the decline in national prosperity. Land monopoly with its concomitant of high rents is blamed for the evil times that have overtaken the country; but it should be remembered that the land system has been the same for ages; the same during the last three decades, and while England has been making such great strides in wealth, population, and power; the same during recent years, while wages were higher than they had ever been in the history of the nation. Doubtless the laud system is mis chievous enough, retards the prosperity of the country and has an oppressive effect upon tenant farmers and the peasantry, but it cannot fairly be debited with tile special distress now existing. The sad condition of the country is by a few persons attributed to free trade, and protection is proposed as a remedy. Where a malady exists there will certainLy be quacks with their nostrums, which they force upon the sufferer, regardless of whether the prescription has ever been proved to he of any benefit, or whether it has or has not been demonstrated that the specific aggravates the disease. The people of England will not have protection. E either of the great political parties that contend for power will tolerate it. The working-men of the old country scout the principle. They have worked out the pro blem to their satisfaction, and are unable to imagine how they canbe better off for having the price of the necessaries of life raised; how they are to profit by high wages, even supposing they secured them by means of protection, if the cost of living is at the same time proportionately or more than proportionately increased. They know as a fact, however, that wages were at their lowest ebb under the system of protection, and advanced during the years in which free trade prevailed. In England pro tection is especially absurd, for it is upon the exports the country relies for its prosperity. Foreigners have undersold Englishmen in their own market, but they have done so in articles that our countrymen have been accus tomed to ship to other parts of the world, as well as to use in great quantities at home. If they cannot keep the foreigner out of their own mart in fair competition they may give up all idea of continuing the export trade. Did Oalifornians place wheat in Adelaide at a cheaper rate than our farmers can produce it, clearly we should ship no more breadstuffs to England. If in the United Kingdom iron can be obtained at less cost from the Continent than from the mines and foundries of Great Britain, then other nations can surely undersell the English in this article abroad as well as in their own country. The loss of foreign custom, and the closing of mills, factories, and mines by the British trader, have been attributed to the wholesale strikes and the unyielding spirit of the Trades Unions, and beyond doubt they have caused much of the suffering and. want, the dull times and gloomy prospects, by which the mother t'Omnry is&Sicted.; We have no sympathy with persons who like to see laborers poorly remunerated. Low wages are essentially an evil; any one who doubts this should try the experiment for himself. At the same time, however, it is useless to try and force or keep wages up to a rate that the employer cannot pay without suffering heavy loss and ultimate ruin. If a par ticular industry will not afford the wages demanded, a lower rate must be submitted to, or the industry must stop. For years the profits of the Burra were "so small that a rise of a shilling, or probably sixpence, in the daily pay of the men would have had the effect of closing the mine. At last it would not afford reasonable wages at all. In England in some of the ironworks, within the last year or two, the men have been told tbat they must submit to a slight reduction in their pay, or their employers must decline large contracts that were in vited. The men refused, and the contracts were taken by Belgians. Strikes have often effected the object tbey were in tended to accomplish, and are perfectly justifiable and even praiseworthy when the men have right on their side. Trade Unions are necessary to the independence of the workmen, so that they shall not be absolutely and helplessly at the mercy of the capitalist. What working men, how ever, have to learn is not to persist in de mands that the hard facts of trade will not permit employers to comply with. " S weet are the uses of adversity," and it may he hoped that in the bitter experiences through which our countrymen are passing both employers and workmen will learn useful lessons for their future guidance. The publishers have sent us, through Mr. George Robertson, the December number of London Society. The Wheeler Family were favored with ! another good house at "White's Eooms on Wednesday evening, January 29. The pro gramme, which was of a highly amusing cha racter, was well carried out, the audience showing their appreciation by continual recalls. At the close of the entertainment several valuable articles were distributed. The U.S. Minstrels were well patronised considering the very oppressive weather at Port Adelaide on Wednesday evening. The pro gramme, which was carried out in a spirited manner, comprised some choice songs, instru mental music, Including a solo on the ocarina, and amusing sketches, the whole concluding with "The Ghost in a Pawnshop." Inconse quence of the delay in the departure of the . Melbourne steamer the U.S. Minstrels will per [ form two nights more at Port Adelaide. 