LOCAL COUKTS. Adelaide : Wkdmesdat, Jaiojaet 8. (Before Mr. H. E. Downer, SM.) T.rMTTHD JTTHIgDICnON (<m). J. Hehby v. G. Bebbimah.—£6 18s., forpad docking of a cow and calf and for money paid for transfer fees of land. Sir. Dash wood for plaintiff. Mr. Foster for defendant contended that the fees incurred were the resu'.t of an agreement between the parties to evade the pro visions of the Band Act by dummying. Judg ment for £3 158. T. Futchbb v. J. Hnx& Co.—17s. 6d., money paid for coach tickets. Mr. Smith for plaintiff. Mr. Dasbwood for defendants patina deed of assignment on the part of plaintiff. It appeared that plaintiff purchased in 1875 from- the defendants some coach tickets, bat two of tbem giving him the right to travel on the coaoh between Green's Plains and Adelaide were subsequently dishonoured by defendants, and the plaintiff sought to recover the amount of the fare. The tickets were used by members of plaintiffs family. In answer to Mr. Dashwood plaintiff said he signed the deed of assignment when compos mentis. Mr. Smith asked for an adjournment to enable him to meet the defence, as"'the point had been unexpectedly introduced. Mr. Dashwood submitted that the leed of assignment took out of plaintiffs hands ill right of action. He also urged that the tickets were to be nsed within the year. Mr. Smith contended that they could be used at any time. The Stipendiary Magistrate said it was a limple contract on the part of Hill & Co. to take plaintiff from Green's Plains to Adelaide. Mr. Dashwood asked for a nonsuit both on the ground of the deed of assignment and that the tickets were purchased by plaintiff for his own use and no one else had a tight to use them. All plaintiffs right had gone out by. the deed. Mr. Smith submitted that no particular Fotcber was specified on the ticket, which bore the surname only. Plaintiff had a business oat of Adelaide on the route of the coaches, and the tickets represented a con tract'to'cairy lumandibe "members of his Family. The inscription on the "ticket produced was amhiguons. There was a clear right to ^recover, as there was a breach on contrast. The Court considered that the Mr. Futcher In question was the plaintiff, who purchased toe ticket. Nonsuit. j i ADELAIDE: ThUBSDAV, JANUARY 9. . 1 £ [Before Messrs. H. B. Downer, S.M., T. S. Beefi, J.P., and £. G. Moore, MD., J.P.] j fuix jurisdiction. ! Stodaee & Fairclough t. Smith and Stewart.—Mr. Pater for plaintiffs; Mr. Stewart for defendants. Ninety pounds, damages for breach of contract to convey plaintiffs and the members and plant of the Ghost Illusion Combination Variety Company irom Beechport to Robe, on November 21, whereby they lost the steamer from Robe to Adelaide, and were forced to remain at Beech port ten days, and suffered great loss. Alsb slO for money due in respect of the fores fcjr the conveyance of the company from Beech port to Robe on November 21 paid by plaintiffs to defendants. The defendants were mail coach proprietors on the line from Monnt Gambier to Robe, and the plaintiffs with all their parapher nalia of the company were on their way from Millicent to Robe. At Beachport they engaged a coach to take them on to Robe, and the agent of the defendants contracted by issuing printed tickets for £10 which the plaintiffs paid to him to convey the company to Robe, .whence the steamer was to sail for Adelaide on the following day. Tet when plaintiff Stodaie had entered the coach, the driver refused to proceed nntil a sum of £3, which was owing by the plaintiffs to the defendants for carriage from Millicent to Beach port, was paid. Stodare had previously offered his cheque in payment of the.debt, hut it was not accepted. The agent at Beachport was instructed by the defendants not to convey the plaintiffs until the £3 was paid in cash. There was no telegraphic communication between Beachport and Robe, and the plaintiffs were at the mercy of the defendants. Defendants pleaded that it was a condition of the contract that the' £3 should first be paid, and that sufficient notice was to be given to enable the defendants to provide an additional coach, and that notice was not given. The Bench held that the defendants coold not go behind their contract tickets and say tbey were issned on the above mentioned condition. A verdict was given for £27, the costs to.be taxed on the higher scale by consent. T. L. Cottpkt.Ti v. R. Brownett.—Mr. Fennj for plaintiff; Mr. Wadey for defendant. £59, wrongful conversion of a buggy. Plaintiff let a new buggy to Dr. Dashwood, of Koorings, whose property it was to become if he paid in rent £100—£20 for the first three months, and £7 10s. per month afterwards. £35 was paid np when the defendant seized the buggy and sold it under an execution. Defendant pleaded that he was instructed to sell it by the doctor, to whom he handed the proceeds. Judgment for plaintiff for £35 10s. T.Wescohbb and Wife v. R. Harris and Wife.—Mr. W. V. Smith tor plaintiffs; Mr. A. G. Downer for defendants. £100, slander. The parties were market gardeners, and the female defendant .on the night of December 9 uttered a slanderous statement in the presence of other persons concerning the chastity of the female plaintiff. Verdict for £5, Poet Adelaide : Tuesday, January 7. [Before Messrs. G. B. Scott, S.M., J. Neill, J.P., and G. Shorney, J.P.] Mr. Wallace applied, under the Matrimonial Games Act of 1867, for an order to protect the earnings of Johanna Forbes, a married woman, whose husband was George Forbes, late of Port Adelaide, mariner. Petitioner, by affidavit, deposed that she was married on April 15,1866, and bad lived with Forbes until September, 1878\. Then her husband left her with four children without reasonable cause, and she asked for an order to protect the little property she had acquired by her own industry. Order granted. 