A BLOOD-STAINED BUTTON. Jane Bossy kept a small huckster stop in a narrow street in that part of Sheffield, Eng land, known as Hallamshire' In the rear of the shop was a kitchen, and a stairway led to the rooms above. The woman lived alone, and was reputed to be rich, though of a very miserly disposition. She had resided there for five years; and so reserved and unsocial had she been that no one had ever been be yond the confines of the little shop. Great, consequently, was the surprise of Jane's neighbours when they discovered that a young couple had come to reside with her' . who called her annt. These people were about twenty-five years of age, and appeared to be of the better class. Soon after their arrival new furniture was procured for the house, and the place speedily sssumed a neat and well-kept air. The narrative which fol lows begins on January 6,1834. Od the evening of that day, at about seven o'clock, Mrs. Bussy was seated in her little shop knitting, when a stranger entered. He asked for a button to match one he presented, and the woman turned aside and handed down a drawer containing buttons. " Where is die button ? " Mrs. Bussy asked. " It is here," the man replied, and laid a large metal button on the counter, such as is worn by coachmen, and on it was a crest. All the metal, except a small part of the edge, was stained and had lost its polish. As the woman gazed at the button she turned deadly pale and clutched at the counter, gasping for breath. " You are ill,3' the man said 5 " let me get you a drink of water." " Never mind,3' the woman answered. " I'm subject to spasms, and this will soon pass off. I can't matcli this button." I don't expect you to match it except in size," the man said. "I tell you I can't match it," the woman answered, almost angrily. The man looked surprised and passed out into the street. After he had gone a short way he remembered that he had left the button on the counter, and returned for it. When he entered the shop no one was there. There was a light in the rear room, and lie heard voices within. He knocked once or twice with his knuckles on the counter, but there was no response. Then he went towards the glass door and looked into the rear room. The woman whom he had before seen .and a younger woman and a man were standing by a side table passing the button from hand to hand and closely examining it, conversing the while in whispers. All of them had a hurried frightened look. The stranger was puzzled, and after a moment's hesitation he ; knocked at the door. There was a shuffling 1 of feet and the closing of a door, and the next moment the woman came from the room into the shop. " I left the button here," the stranger said. "Did you?" the woman said, and pretened to look around for it. " Oh, here it is," she ' at length said, pretending to find it, and handing it to Mm. He thanked her and tafcired. On the 29th of the same month, this man, whose name was Wade, and who was the j junior- member of the firm of Briggs, Easton, and Wade, iron-founders, of Matterhorn and Sheffield, was requested to go down to Thorn buiy, in Gloucestershire, to superintend the putting np of iron Tails and fences in the park of a wealthy landowner. This was an unusual thing for the firm to do; but the order was large, and some of the railings were of a massive character, and were to be fixed after a given model. Mr. Wade went by coach part of the way, and by post-chaise the remainder. His journey, however, has nothing to do with this story, beyond the fact that it ended at Thornbury. Mr. Wade, on "visiting Fobell Court, the place whither his business called him, was not a little surprised to find that on the livery of Mr. Fobell's ser vants was a button precisely similar to that which the reader has already seen in Mr. Wade's possession. He spoke of the circum stance, and said that one of his children picked up the button in the garden, but how it come there he could not say. The boy tied a string to the button and used it for his top, and a younger son cried to have it. The father took the button and tried to get one the same size, and that's how he came to call •a Mrs. Bussy. -Mr. Fobell expressed his surprise at the button finding its way so far north, and the conversation grew until Mr. Wade referred to the fact that the button was stained. " It was a fancy," he said—" a mere fancy —but I used to think the stain looked like blood." For the second time Mr. Wade witnessed a strange scene produced by the button—the first time by a sight of it, and the second time by a description of it. Mr. Fobell, at the mention of the stain and its resemblance to blood, turned pale as death, and uttered an exclamation of agony. " Great God!" he said, "a stain of blood!" " No, sir," Mr. Wad replied" it was only my foolish fancy, and I regret that I made such a senseless remark." " Alas! you don't know what a dreadful circumstance your remark has called to mind," Mr. Fobell said; and then he related the following harrowing narrative:— "On Christmas Eve, 1829, my youngest eon, Charles Fobell, was murdered in his bed. Owing to my frequent absences in the West Indies, where I own large estates, the boy had been suffered to run wild, and he got entangled with a girl in the village. Her friends had driven him to promise to mariy her, and he was just about to do so when I reached home. I easily induced him to re frain, and very soon managed by kind treat ment to get him under control. The friends of the girl did all in their power to decoy him from home and my influence, but they failed. He had got over his infatuation for the girl, and was glad to be freed from the enthral ment. When the girl gave birth to a child, I caused all to be done that was just; and after the death of the child placed the girl in a good situation. Her mother I took into my employ as a head domestic, and she seemed satisfied. For five years things continued thus. Charles would be of age on Christmas Day, 1849, and I had resolved to make him a handsome present. I had procured for that purpose nine thousand pounds sterling in Bank of England notes and one thousand pounds in gold. We were to have a great day on the morrow, and we induced Charley to retire early. His elder brother and I were in the library tying up the gold and notes, and planning how we should deposit it m Charles's room, where he -would find it the first tiling when lie awoke on Lis birthday. "While we were doing this the mother of the girl already spoken of was in the dining-room adjoining, arranging the apartment. We spoke of our intention, and she no doubt over heard us. There was an entrance to Charles's sleeping-apartment by a dressing- roonj, and we had procured the key of the dressing-room door, which opened on the corridor. When we had ascertained that Charles was probably asleep, we entered the dressing-room and placed the bag containing the gift on the table by the bedside, with an open note stating that it was a birthday gift from me and his elder brother. Then we quitted the chamber and locked the door of the dressing-room behind ns. I passed out first, and my son pressed on me and said, half laughingly,' If I believed in ghosts I should say that I saw one in the shadow of the dressing-room this moment.' •'' Oh, nonsense,' I said, * it must be fancy.' Nevertheless, X opened the door and looked in. Nothing was risible. I had half a mind to pass round the apartments and satisfy myself that no one was there. Would to God that X had done so! We quitted the spot and retired. Once in the night I was awakened by what seemed the clanging of a door, but after that all was still, and I fell asleep. " Next morning all assembled at breakfast except Charles. We waited but he did not come. I suggested that his brother should go and see what delayed him. "' He is counting his treasure,' said his mother; but I confess X began to feel strangely nervous. My eldest son. had gone upstairs, and I united out into the hall. Presently I heard a cry—a shriek—and the sound of rush ing footsteps. My eldest boy appeared at the head of the stairs, with horror in every feature. "' Oh, father,' he gasped,' Charles is dead —murdered!'{ " I heard no more. It was too true. There he lay on his bed, with a treacherous stab wound in his heart. The bag of money was gone, and—so was the mother of the girl whom the foolish boy had seduced. The blood had spouted from the wound and covered the table on which the money had been lying. And now you may wonder what a button had to do with this terrible crime. "' I will tell yon. When we had put the money in the bag, I proposed to seal it, and I put on the wax. My, ring, however, made too small and light an impression, and my son suggested one of our livery buttons, on which was a large. crest. He got a button, and then, in a playful humour, said— "' Father, let us stick the button on tie wax and leave it there-' "He did so, and when you spoke of a button similar to ours, bearing a stain of blood, I could not but remember the dreadful night, and the fact that more than likely my youngest child's blood had stained the button which we placed on the wax." "Was the murderer discovered?" Mr. Wade inquired. " Sever," was the reply. "Ifo one had any doubt that it was the mother of the girl who infatuated my boy that perpetrated the awful crime and stole the money; but all search for her was unavailing." When Mr. Wade returned to Sheffield he took into his confidence a Mr. Snaith, who was a lawyer and a shrewd man. Mr. Wade had bought the place in Norfolk- street, where he resided, nearly five years before, and had torn down the old building and erected a new one. It was ascertained that the red house was formerly occupied by a woman named Baker, who rented some of her rooms. Mrs. Baker was found, and visiting Mrs. Bussy's shop she identified her as a woman who lived in her house for about a month. The theory of Mr. Wade and Mr. Snaith, the lawyer, was that Mrs. Bussy was the murderer of Charles Fobell, and that the couple with her were her daughter and her daughter's husband. All the facts were now communicated to Mr. Fobell, who thereupon visited Sheffield. On going to Mrs. Bussy's shop, however, it was found that she had removed and gone none knew whither. Two Bow-street runners or detectives were procured from Ijondon, and a search was i begun. It occupied six months, and spread I over a large tract; nevertheless it was fruit less. j One day Mr. Thorne had occasion to visit Thorne, where the firm were having a small vessel constructed. On passing through a village between Doncaster and Thorne, named Whealley, a violent rain-storm came on, and Mr. Wade drew up his gig under a shady tree. Immediately afterward a phaeton was driven by- A man and woman were in front, and a woman in the rumble. The latter Mr. Wade identified as the missing Jane Bussy. He was not observed, and in spite of the storm he determined to pursue the phaeton. At the end of the village it turned up a lane, and when Mr. Wade reached the place he saw the phaeton before the gate of a cottage, about a hundred yards beyond the junction. Driving a little farther, he stopped at a roadside inn, and ascertained that the person whom he had seen in the phaeton lived at the cottage. Next day Jane Bussy and-her companions, Mary and Thomas Strang, were arrested. Jane was identified beyond question as Jemina Berty, the murderer of Charles Fobell, and the younger woman as her daughter. The elder woman was tried at Gloucester assizes for the crime and convicted. The day before her execution she made a full confession. For years after her admission into the family of Mr. Fobell she had contemplated the killing of Charles as a retributive aet for the seduc tion of her daughter. The liberality of Mr. Fobell to the girl, and his procuring her a position greatly superior to any she could otherwise have hoped for, induced the mother to forbear, in the hope that perhaps something might bring Charles and the girl together again, and marriage might yet result. When on the fatal night, she overheard the conver sation of the father and his eldest ton, and learned that a large sum of money was to be deposited in Charles's bedroom as a birthday gift, she resolved to get possession of the money at all risks, and thus avenge her wrongs. With no fixed plan in her mind, she seized a carving-knife and ran upstairs! Stationing herself in a recess of the corridor she saw Mr. Fobell and his son enter the dressing-room of Charles's apartments. They passed out of sight and left the door ajar. This seemed the very opportunitiy that she desired. She swiftly glided into the room, and had barely time to reach the shade when Mr. Fobell and his son returned from the inner room. As slie saw them she crouched to one side, and then it was, doubtless that young Fobell caught an indistinct glimpse of her form, causing the remark that, if hej be lieved in ghosts, he should feel disposed to say that he had seen one. Instantly, on the doors being locked by Mr. Fobell, she moved into the ehamber. A rushlight was burning on a low stool by the fire, and she could see all that was in the room. At the moment that Mr. Fobell again unlocked the door and glanced into the dressing-room the woman had placed her hand on the bag of moeer. The sound of the lock almost paralysed her. She replaced the money and glided behind the curtain of the bed. Listening intently, she again heard the door closed and locked. As she came forth from among the folds of the heavy curtain, her foot caught, and the curtain was drawn violently. The rattling of the rings aroused Charles, who lay on his back asleep, and he half arose on his elbow. Fear ful of discovery, the woman drove the knife into the young man's brea^. He half sprang out of bed, and the blood spouted out over the floor and the table, and stained the b ie and the button. Then the woman, feeling satisfied that the youth was now dead unlocked the door of his chamber, took ine Dag 01 money, passed oat, relocked the door on the outside, and pushed the key under the door. Then she went to her room, and put on two dresses and two shawls. Slie quitted the dwelling by a rear door, and finding the bundle heavy, dug a hole and buried all the gold except about fifty sove reigns. Then she passed out at a gate, walked by the river-side for about a mile, and afterwards sought the highway. At daylight she reached a small town and walked through it. On the other side she threw off a dress and shawl and crammed them and her bonnet into a drain. Here she tied a handkerchief round her head, and retraced her steps through the town. By this means she effectually threw her pursuers off the tract. She finally reached Shrewsbury, and jour neyed thence to Sheffield. In the meantime her daughter had married a designer in metals, and by a strange coincident he was offered employment in Sheffield, and had to pass through the very street -where Jane Bussy -worked to his employment. One evening he toot his wife to see the place where he passed his days, and in the little huckster's shop she discovered her mother. The murder was known, of course, to the daughter and her husband, but not unt il now did the latter know that the supposed murderer was his wife's mother. He was a man who had an eye to the main chance, and the price of his 6ilence and submission was a share of the money which the woman had stolen. Jane Bussy was hanged at Gloucester. Her daughter was not proceeded against, and she and her husband removed to another part or the country. —North British Adver tiser.. 