A SILEFT WITNESS. By Edmund Spates. The more Anne thought'of this projfect&he; more feasible it seemed. To be' with Grace Jtoteti secure from the pursuit of the -villain to whom (she had .Deen so strangely united, to bo shielded from any ?chance of recognition by hev father, Jwho., -without meaning her ill, might be led by ftrmety for his 'OWn SOifetV tO UlSiBt nil TlOT Tflmoinino- w4+li 'him Anne would _ have undertaken any menial -work. But the position of poor Lucy Doriaier, . as Grace had explained, was that' of compamion\ais-wellas servant, and Anne was too well aeq.naitrted with the delicacy of her. friend's nature, not to know how considerate xybuld be her treatmeu t. Her own identity she 'felt would be completely lost in ahe time during -which it would be necessary for them to stay imrfche quiet German town ;,sl le would be completely forgotten by the two men wlio alone had an interest, in her existence; and, ae^forthe future, it wordd be sufficient to detenuime what should be ./done when the time for - decision arrived. A tap, at the^door, immediately following -which Grace, entered. In her friend's BorrowiW, tear stair^d face,. Anne at once saw what l»ad'»hap .pe^ed. ' Yes, dear; the poor girl has gone,' saix£''.G-rae,e, (teplyingto the question, conveyed in AniaeVs up lifted eyebrows. 'She died almost inurwdlately .efteryouleft theroom, quitepeacefully, ruidvwitU such a sweet Binile njpon herface as I hadinot 6een-. sinoeHJie beginningjof her illness. She /had just enough strength leflj to raise my hand toc.rher.Jips, and mue to bid niava silent farewell.' ' Poor girl/ saidAjfine j hers seems a sad f ateyndying so young andln /a /foreign country, ancl:there»is-no chance even of iiertrelatioiis being abfeto pay- her the last tributes, as, of course, :icccr(Eng fco-the law in France, she; must be buried ?beforeia.nytaf them can re'ach her.' ?She hod/ no relations/ said Grace;, ''she was an' orphan, w/thout belongings of anykindi aridlhad hoped to,- stand in the place of the -sister with whom sUe had lived since her childhood, and at whose 'death she came.to mo.* ' The blackest cloud has its silver i lining,' said Ann'*. 'Had I not been overwhelmed by trouble, I sr/ould not have been here atfthis instant, and yofl would' have been left alouo ; while now, at X'jast I am' able to be a companion .-'and a. comfort ?to you.* 'Ton take up your old position- off strong-minded. girl, Anne/ said Grace, with aismile, 'forgetting that it is you who have uttered the cry of help, and I, th(3 all-powerful, have come* to your assist ance. These troubles that yon spiBak;of, darling, I am dying, to hear all about them. You are so patient and long-suffering, that they must have been serious indeed to sSect youias they have done.' 'My darling/ paid; Arine,»solemnlyi taking one of Grace's hands in' her own,«and putting ier other arm round Grace's neck, 'E have .been thinking how I could possibly tell you the ?? occurrences of determination to ask you'to trust (me wholly, un questioned and silent. Do not .thint,i dear, that any danger accruing to-myselfi alone would pre vent my sharing myconfidenoe with you, whom I regard as my second self j it/is'only the1 knowledge that my breaking silence would imperiLthose with whom I am unfortunately? connected -which seals tiny lips.' ?Danger to those/conaeoted withi-you?' mur mured Grace. ?Most closely connected/ repeated .Anne.. 'Grace, my appeal 'to ? you, made first'- in the columns of theiiewsj- ftLper.and'repeated now, is to implore you to save iieifeiom my father!' * Youv father.?'/ answered- Grace, draTring hack. : 'Donot draw a--vay'from.ihe, Grace. You im ,agine' I have 1'oBtj my senses, but I am, . unfortu aiately, sane in t7ois matter. I told you, .when we (oaed. oecasibnally.to jspeahr/of him in our school days, that, thou.gh he was my father, I had seen butlittle of hrrji, -Shaft his wdys-ond manner of life ?#ere compara-'fively strange to me. I know them now, Grace; ,to rnyi horror and Elmme — I know itennowl' ! * My poor /dsjling/ said Grace, pressing her lips upon her fvlef id's forehead; 'you heed not think any more /of' it; henceforward you will be -Bare ?with me.* '?'..... .. . . 'Thaiyis vVhat I want, Grace/ said Anne, «x citedlsi''to' be fiafe from him- to give up my identify, tc' . be utterly lost to the world, to be im-. aginedtot,e dead— -that is what I -want, Grace; that is wli at you must manage for me.' ''What/ jver you wish shall be done, dear, ., of coome/ . i said Grace, soothingly. ^Tneosis only one -way .in which it can bei manag'9 J/ said Anne, in calmer tones, and -with. Bomet'/ujig liken, return t« her old business -way; ? ?only) one inethod, Uie adoption of which Provi dence seems to favour, 'i'he death tof this pooir gizl;gives me the ripportunrfgr; Jet me fill heir w/anl place, let me'return with yon to your aunt's hoiuseiin .Germany as your maid. You can pre parfesner for my recfeptipn in a letter, telling her of pooril/ucy Dormer's death, and of your having ' founaaiperBpn in Paris— a widow, I think you had lietter'6ayH-to feujiplj- her place.' 'But, Anne, darling, how can lever think of you in such a position ?' ♦It is the only way;. Grace, depend upon it. I have thought it over carefully, and see no other. Listen dear. Tb is absolutely necessary that 1 Should be hidden, away. Were my retreat dis covered, my security, perhaps my life, would be endangered. I may seem to you to speak wild and whirling -words s.but, in -reality, I nm talking the sober language of coiniiion sense, unadorned and nrieMEgerated. In taking tiis dead jrfrl'6 place -I 'sxtinguiBh my own identity, and -all trace ,p'f Anhe^tudleyisjostiorever.' Grace was silent for a moment Then she said: '?You vflVabt Imagine my hEsitation arose from «iy lack of will to serve you, darling; simply I have a horror of having to speak to you in the. *pesetace of others in. any othBr way than if you^ '1 ? were my Bister; but I can think of no other ex pedient, and so we will carry out what you pro pose. During the time we remain in Germany w^ shall always bo together in my rooms ; end at the ?e»d of the twelvemonth, when I come of age, per haps the necessity for your disguise will have, passed away, and we can travel together in security and comfort.* Then Grace embraced lier friend warmly once more, and went away to eive directions for poor Lucv Dormer's funeral, and to write a letter to Madame Sturm, in which she ex plained that not merely had her visit to Paris been fruitless, as she had not been able to find the friend whom she came to seek, but that poor Lucy had died, and that she had supplied her place witii a young Englishwoman, a widow, of whom she had received the highest recommendations. That night, when Grace, upon whomthe long endured fatigue of nursing was beginning to tell, lay in a heavy slumber, Anne seated herself at the bureau and wrote to her father the following letter:— ' I write these few lines in lieu of any spoken farewell, which circumstances rendered impossible. It is the last time you will ever hear of or from me, the burden of life is too heavy for me to bear any longer, alone and friendless as I am. I do not doubt your desire to serve me as far as possible, but I know you to bfi in the power of a merciless wretch, and wholly incapable of defending either mo or yourself. I have therefore resolved upon releasing myself from life, and I send you these ae my hist words of adieu. Accept them as such, a.nd make no further inquiry about me ; it will be useless, as I have taken measures for finding a place among the nameless dead. 'A. S.' This letter was sealed, and directed to the hotel in London at which she had been in the habit of seeing her father, and where the captain's letters were invariably addressed. CHAPTER XVI. PEACE. On the day after Lucy Dormer's funeral, Grace proposed that they should start for Germany. ' Tou recollect/ ehe said to her companion with a faint smile, ' all the plans we used to make about visiting Paris together, and the hours we passed in discussing them, long after the other girls were asleep; what visionary milliner's bills we ran up ; what theatres and operas we went to ; and what wholesale . destruction we caused amongst the hearts o£ the young marquises and counts of whom our society was to be composed. And now what has been the reaJity? My experience of Paris is confined to a sick room overlooking the courtyard ol* an hotel and to a certain portion of theTuileries Garden, where, like the prisoner of Chilian, I should think my constantly pacing feet must have worn a path; I a-u wearingthe mourn ing which was made for me at poor uncle's death, and have not crossed the threshold of a single milliner's shop ; the young counts and marquises ?are represented by Baptisto, the waiter, and Etienne, who brings up the wood; and the whole thing has turned out a mockery and a delusion.' ?There's a cliance for. you now, dear,' said Anne. ' Your self -sacrifice is over so far as poor Lucy is concerned, and there is no reason why you should not see as much of Paris as you may wish. Madame Bavarde, the landlady, would act as your chaperon.' ? And what would you do?' asked Grace. ' I would remain here/ said Aune, * making preparations for our departure.' 'You would not come with me to join in all the festivities f ' asked Giuce. ' Oh no/ replied Anne, quickly, with a look of terror ui ner laL-e; a jiiu&l; iiui do seen nere or anywhere in public. Of course, in the quietude of Bonu it would not matter, but here in Paris, there miglit be ? some people who would recognise me, and that would be destruction.' Grace looked curiously at her friend. This was not the first time slie had seen her entirely lose her self-possession at the idea of being seen and recognised by some persons, whose names she had never mentioned, to whose actions she hud never alluded. It was very strange, Grace thought, but if Anne did not volunteer hur confidences, it was ?not for her to seek them. Moreover, her pallor and tremulousness left no doubt of the reality of her hesitation, and so Grace said, consolingly: ' There shall be no question of your being scon, dear, and I myself have not the spirits to attempt to enter into any gaiefy. ? We will leave our ex plorations of Paris and our fascinations of its in habitants for some happier days. You shake your head, Aune, as though you did not believe that such times were iu store for us ; the tact being you are horribly upset and entirely out of sorts, your nerves ore unstrung, and you sere labouring under mental depression, which I tscfte to be the reaction from severe excitement. I tisn sure that the best cure for that wiU be peace, and quiet, such as you will find in my aunfs house. Not with her, perhaps, because she is fidgety \ftJid hypochondriacal ; but I shall take care to interpose between you, and shall hand you over to be dealt with by the professor, who is the deavestcld creature in the world, and whose very asDOctis suggestive of a bonign calm. You still shake your head ?' , ?I am something of a fatalist, I am afraid/ said Anne, with a dreary smile; 'ami although I love to hear you talk of the peace that awaits us in your German home, I cannot get rid of the presentiment that, so far as I am concerned, it will not be of long duration. I only hope that the trouble which I cannot explain, but with which I fancy myself threatened, may not be reflected on you.' ?I would willingly take my share of it, dear,' said Grace, embracing her affectionately, ' if by doing so I could relievo you; but it will bo time we will leave this place and commence our journey, but my idea is to travel very leisurely— we are not pressed for tiuw — and I think tiiat your strength will not be equal to much fatigue.' Grace had gauged her friend's condition with tolerable accuracy. Although her desire to get away from Paris — where, had she ventured into the Btreets 6he would have run the chance of being encountered by her father, or, worse still, by the man who had a legal right to call himself her husband — had given to Anne Studley a laud of fictitious stamina, they had. made but little pro gress on their journey before this utterly gave way, and Grace, whose intellect of power and will had been much strengthened suite Bhe had been vcompelled to depend upon herself, saw that all her fears -were about to be realised. At first Anne would not hear of any delay, but when Grace pro mised to avoid the great towns, and declared, what certainly had some foundation of truth, that she herself was anxious to take the opportunity of visiting the quaint old Belgian cities which lay almost in their road, Anne could not make objection. She knew, too, that there was no danger in the proposal. Brussels she had heard her father speak of as one of his haunts. There were gaiety, luxury, and society, all of which he loved; and, in a town of clubs and coteries, Captain Studley would find little difficulty in combming profitable business with his pleasure. But cathedral and mediicvai town hall, belfries, and watoh towers ; the master pieceB of Bubens and Van Syck; the memorials of Alva and Von Artevelde, were not likely to rouse the faintest interest in his breast. So the two friends passed several days in exploring Ghent akid Bruges, and Grace noticed with de light that Anne, freed from the influence of terror* was dailv regaining health and spirits. ? Journeying toub by slow degrees, and stopping on'rfheir route wherever they thought amusement or distraction was to be found, they arrived one bright\ afternoon at the little German town which was for 6ome time to be their home. Anne was delighted -with the first glimpse which she caught of its first appearance. Nestling in the valley, the dork towers of its ancient buildingsand the green doors of it6 modern houses standing out in sharp relief against the snow, with which tile streets wore rendered dumb; the ladies, with their attendant cavaliers, -well wrapped in furs, driving in elegant sleighs, the horses attached to which made music with their tinkling bells; the peasants in jackets and kirtles of their own knitting} the dreamy-looking students, scorning ally in crease of clothing, and braving the rigours of the frosts with open neeks and uncovered hands — these sights were new and strange to Anne Studley, and aroused in her a pleasant interest isuch as she had not felt for many a long day. Their arrival had been expected; and Franz Eckhardt and Paul Fischer, two of the most studious and best-regulated young men of the professor's flock, liad been sent to meet them. ?ully appreciative wore the two students of the_ lonour thus conferred upon them, and before the lain had come to a standstill they were at the loor of the damencoupe, caps in hand, full of con gratulations to Grace on her happy return, and of almost openly-expressed admiration of the friend ivho accompanied her. Selected Eor their staid bearing, and their 3choListic acquirements, the natural taste of these youths impelled them to give the preference to a calmer style of beauty, and to uiauneri less capricious and exacting than those of Miss Middle ham ; as they walked off from the station, after having seen the ladies safely despatched in a sleigh, it was evident, from the consequences ex changed between them, that both Franz and Paul hod been struck by Anne Studley's saddened countenance and tranquil demeanour. 'The little Englanderin is well enough, s^est thou '{' said Franz, the elder of the two, as he stopped to light his pipe. ' There is much pret tiness in her fair hair and blue eyes, but she is light and frivolous, and hicks the repose which her friend suggests.' ? The newly-arnvea one/ said Paul, who had endeavoured by hard study to rid himself of a temperament which by nature was intensely romantic, and had not quite suceeded, ' the newly-arrived one 1 should judge by her counten ance to have undergone much suffering, and thus to liave accomplished that self- purification which is only taught by sorrow. The other is conceited and satirical — more of the character usually ascribed by English romoncists to their heroines; the newly-arrived one has a soul which one can see shining through the depths of her eyes.' 'Thou spoakest like the Ghost of Uhland/ said Franz.' All the overpiling of mathematics and metaphysics which thou hast laid over the lire of romance within tuee has been insufficient to ex tinguish it. It is a dangerous spark for thy peace of mind ; so before again encountering the young ladies let us try to quench it with a glass or beer at the verein hard by. A proposal of this kind is never unacceptable to a German Bursch, however romantically he may be inclined, and with a nod of acquiescence Paul accompanied his friend into the tavern. There, in a large room on the ground- floor, they fouud some dozen young lellows assembled. On tlie bare table stood many huge beor-glasses, the atmosphere was thick with tobacco smoks ; while the walls of the room were covered in every direction with excellent caricatures in crayon, many of them lifo-sized, of the members of the club. Both of our friends were represented, of course, but, oddly enough, both in one character — that of Faust. In the face of the old man, bent and grizzled, listening with uplifted hand to the roaring chorus of the students beneath his window, were to be found the bold and some what heavy features of Franz Eckhordt; in the delicate lineaments of the youth who web kneeling to an unseen Gretchen, was to be found an un mistakable resemblance to Paul Fischer. A shout of welcome greeted them as they entered, and before they were seated they received a dozen challenges to drink. ' We were talking of thee, Paul,' said a tall fellow, whose somewhat sodden face was adorned with a couple of recent scars, and who, from hie position at the end of the table, seemed to bo re garded as the president of the society; 'we were saying that since the day when thou wert pre vented from throwing thyself mto the river, on account of the rejection of thy suit by the daughter of Jacob Groll, the glover, it would seem as though thou hast been cured of thy love mania.' * Philemasium, in Aristcenetus, told Emuiusus that there was no cure for love melancholy to be compared with hard aud constant study/ said another sententiously. ' That is the advice which our Paul is following. He sits at' the feet of the ancient Sturni instead of at those of a formosa puella, and, swearing by Minerva, has abandoned Venus.' ' We will get Arnst to change the faces of the Faust/ said a. tliivd. ' Paul Fischer has lost his youth, and henceforth should bo represented as the philosopher, while as for Franz ? ' ' Not so fast, not so fast/ said Eckhardt, with a laugh, '1 am here to answer for myself; but before you obliterate Arnst's rendering of Paul, in which character and features are alike, accurately deline ated, you must hear me. What should you say, brothers Burschen and Eenowners, if I wore to tell you that our Paul is still true to -that character— that within the last half -hour ho has lost his heart, and is ready to commit #ny folly to prove his admiration 1' The statement was met ^rith. loud shouts of ' bravo !' mingied with cries of ' her name !' Paul Fischer rose in protest, but his rising -was the signal for indiscriminate yelling, some calling upon him to speak, others to sit down. ? Sileniium !' roared the president, bringing Ms glass with great effect down upon the table. * Mb one should expect the young one to give the name of the lady with whom, according to Franz, he is so suddenly and so desperately smitten; never theless, that will not prevent us from drinking prosperity to the newly-born attachment. Paul, my son — prosit !' Ho rose to his feet, and, as he spoke, lifted the glass to his lips, and swallowed tile contents. All the others did tka same, litter ing the same woi'd. Moonwliile, all unconscious of the honour thus done to them, the two English ladies had driven to flic house in the Poppelsdorfer Alloe, on the steps of which the worthy professor, divested of his favourite schlaf-rock, and chid in a wondrous blue coat, which was only broughtouton occasions of the highest festivity, stood bare-headed to receive them. His eyes glistened with delight behind his spectacles as the sleigh drove up, and as soon a? Grace alighted he took both her hands mto cus tody with his plump little hngers, and kissed her on each che4k with frank heartiness; he then turned to her companion, and was evidently quite taken aback* by Annies appearance. The letter which Grace had written from Paris to the Frau Pro fessorin had prepared the little German household for the advent of a person in a professedly supe rior position to that which poor Lucy Dormer had occupied; but, although Anno was dressed with particular plainness, the quality of her clothes being such as would be scorned by many a young lady's maid, there was a high-bred look about her which could not be hidden, and an air of quiet suffering which could not fail to awake interest hi a kindly sympathetic soul, such as tenanted the quaint and homely body of Pro fessor Sturm. It woe not possible that anyone with such an expression, the professor thought, could be employed in a menial occupation; and even if she were the servant of his young English ward, from him, whose sympathies were radical and expansive, she would be entitled to respect ful recognition; so the prof essor offered bis arm to assist Anne to alight from the sleigh, and conrteously motioned her to precede him upstairs to the room where Madame Sturm was waiting to receive them. Speculation as to the manner in which the Frau Professorin would receive her friend, had occu pied Grace's thoughts a groat deal during the onrney, and occasioned net no small mental trouble. She knew her aunt ip be narrow-minded ind obstinate, a groat stickler for caste, and reso ufcely opposed to favourable first impressions. Poor Lucy Dormer had been decidedly superior to the generality of her class ; but that fact had had ao weight on the Frau Professorin, who treated ier with marked disdain, and hadbeen accustomed o speak of her as 'that young person.' Grace fchew Anne's sensitive spirit would recoil at any thing like the sound of haxsahess,- aud she -was more than anxious to discover the effect which the manners and appearance of the new inmate of their household would have upon her aunt. This information came speedily and satisfactorily. When Anne had been half -presented, half poinbod out to the Frau Prof essorih as Mrs. Waller, by Grace, had answered a few questions, in her own quiet way had relieved Grace of her wraps, and arranged Mrs. Sturm's ?medicine bottle and glass, which were in a dangerous position on the table, and had retired to unpack the boxes, the old lady took advantage of the opportunity to delivpr her opinion about the new comer. ?I like that Waller of yours/ she said, with an emphatic sniff of approval, as soon as the door had closed behind Anne. ' I am very quick at ob serving, and the way in which she saved tbat bottle and glass from falling, showed that she has her head screwed on in the light place — a woman who, I Bhould think, knew all about medicines and tha£ k*11^ °* t*'11!?' nil-l wutl Tr^ b° a romfort to have in the house, and able to look after herself ; not like that poor girl you took away with you, who was always ailing and moping, as though one invalid in the place wae not enough at a time. Quite a superior kind of person too ; and ? that makes one difficulty of knowing what we Bhall do with her. We could never expect her to sit down in the kitchen and eat her meals with Lisbeth. No, as you say, my dear, of course not; especially as Lisbeth has a taBte for blut- wurst, black-pudding, and onions, which Waller pro bably would not share ; so I fancy it will be best for her to have her dinner in that littfe room which you make a sitting-room, next to the professor's study, and I will have the sewing-machine moved up there, bo -that she can take a turn at it when she is not particularly engaged for you; for when people have been in trouble they are opt to be idle and mournful, and there is nothing to niulre them forget their miseries like giving them plenty of work. By the way, you never found your friend, Tonics, who advertised for you to come to her ?' ? No/ said Grace, with a blush ; ' I imagine I was too late.' ? Ah ! I wish you had met Tonics, for I had a kind of feeling that she knew something about medicine, and that some good would come to me, after you had seen her. Fancy that Dormer giri dying though .'' ' Yes, poor creature/ said Grace, ' she sickened soon after we started, and never had strength to make head against her illness.' ; She was a weak thing at best/ said the Frau Professorin, ' and Lisbeth told me, after you had gone, that she never could get her to eat butter milk sou}), and that she always left the cranberry eauce wili her roast veal. Now Waller is a woman of a very different kind, and, if my judg ment is right, will prove a treasure to you. Where did you pick her up 't' ' The landlady at the Hotel do Lille, in Paris, recommended her/ said Grace, speaking very quickly. ' Her husband was known to them, and she had very stood recommendations.' ' I should think she would be a very great com fort, indeed, to mo, when you are not requiring her services/ said Madame Sturm. 'She seems a sensible person, that I could trust to bring me my medicines at the proper hour, and be sure that she would never overdo the dose; iind the truth ie, my dear Grace, I begin to feel oven more dependent on my medicines than I -was before' The truth was that Grace had noticed a con siderable change in hur uuiit BUice sbe made her hurried departure from Bonn. The tricks which she was constantly playing upon herself by eagerly swallowing every new nostrum of wliith she heard, and the disinclination to take exercise, which had now grown into a positive inability, had told severely upon the old lady's constitution. In tlie course of a few days she had become thoroughly accustomed to, and dependent upon, Anne's kindly ministrations; and knoiviug how far the conduct of her friend was dependent upon the goodwill felt towards her by the Frau Professoriu, Grace waived her claim as much as possible to Anne's society, and allowed her aunt to benefit by it. The conversations between the old invalid and the young girl, whose hopes had been wrecked so early in life, would have been curious and instructive, had there been any by stauder to listen to them. The past was rarely touched upon. At the outset of their acquaintance Madame Sturm, urged, not more by feminine curiosity, than by a real interest which Anne's kindness to her impelled her to fepl in the fortunes of her new acquaintance, would ask her now and then about her family, the circumstances under which she had married, and tho cause iind manner of her husband's death. Anne replied to thesa ? inquiries cabuly and iu a general way, describing herself as an orphan who had married to secure a home, and who, upon the loss of her. husband, was again cast upon her resources. The old lady accepted this story in good faith, and only occasionally recurred to it, her favourite topic of conversation being her nieco's future. Grace would be of age in a, twelvemonth, and, as a great heiress, would naturally be called upon to quit the shelter of their humble roof, and take up her position in the world of London.- Who was to undertake tlie duties of advisor and chaperon to the young heiress, sorely puzzled the worthy Frau Professorin. Her -weak state of health rendered it impossiftlo that she should uudei'take the posi tion, and as to giving it up to some one to be nomi nated by those lawyer -men, from whom Grace was in the habit of receiving periodical reports of what was happening to the property, the old lady de clared it unlikely that a pair of musty old attorneys could have any knowledge of what wa3 proper in such a matter. She did not hesitate 'to declare her own wish that Anne should have a voice in tlie affair, nud having olitrined fi-oin hor favourite a declaration of her readiness to under take tho charge, professed her intention of seeing the notion carried through. The relations between Grace Middleham and the friend of her school days, notwithstanding that fio mucliof Anne's time was taken up in at tending to the Frau Professorin, remained as affectionate and. as intimate as ever. The promise which Grace had given to trust her friend wholly aud unreservedly, and never to question her as to any of the occurrences which haxi happened during the time they were parted, she had faitlifully kept, and Anne Studley's life from the time she quitted Chapone House, to t!he day when she entered poor Liicy Dormer's bedroom at the Hotel de Lille, was a sealed book to her frieud. Mare than this, so particular was Grace to avoid even the slightest a-ppeai- anco of curiosity, that, finding as she did that Anne showed a strong disinclination to bo told anything concerning tie bank and its affairs -lopics which, of course, formed the staple of the jonlmunications mode from time to time to tho young heiress by Messrs. Hillman and Hicks — she -was quite satisfied to keup her confidences to liereelf. She could not tell Anne anything about the bank and its affairs without alludiug to Mr. Heath, and Mr. Heath was, as she instino tivoly felt, connected in some -way or other with Anne's unhappy remembrances of home. This much Grace had learned, and Mr. Heath, and any matter in which his name must necessarily bo involved, were henceforth tabooed subjects. What tho mystery was, Grace, of course, knew not; but she could not believe that there could be anything in it personal to Mr. Heath, whom she knew her uncle had always highly valued, and of whom, for her uncle's sake, she entertained the highest opinion ; but out of kindly feeling for her friend she was content that there should be absolute silence on the point. The constant attendance upon the Frau Pro feBsorin, whose desire for Anno's presence and ministrations became greater as her infirmities increased, ahd Grace's constantly-sought oppor tunities for her friend's society, absorbed so much of Anne's time as to give her but little chance for self-communing. The little German town stood out to her as a green spot, an oasis in the desert of life. Besting in it, she had gradually been enabled to overcome tho dread of detection, the terror of pursuit, which had beset her immediately after her flight. Constantly occupied by her domestic duties, she had lost the habit of recalling those frightful scenes through which she had passed as in a dream, and a dull and confused memory of which still occasionally haunted her sleep. And upon Anne Studley, as upon so many other afflicted ones, tha power of music exercised a blessed influence. Within a very short time after her arrival at Madame Sturm's, the question of her position in the house hold was satisfactorily settled. The old lady her self would not hear of her favourite being shut out from their better society ; sho was introduced to their guests as Miss Middleham'B friend and companion, arid when company was proseuf^-or better still, during the long evenings when they were alone — Anne would sit silcnt-and motionless, rapt and entranced at the weird and mystic music which flowed out from the piano under the quiet touch of tho professor's melody- compelling fingers. All throughout the house was harmoni ous and tranquil, tho Frau Professorin's querul ous complaints were no longer heard, and under the shelter of her roof Anne Studloy found a haven and passed a year of peace. ? Bather Confused.' — Mr. Noaoblossom drank rather more than his usual alliwunce of hot rum and sugar one uold night this winter, in conscqiience of Vrhich he gave his wife the following caufttsed account of his conduct, on his return home : — ''Blue Lion invited me to drink Consul Sam — «,ud, yon see, tho weather was dry, and I was very sloppy— so I said I didn't nfind punching one drnnk-rand it's queer how my head wont into the punch, though ! The way home was so dizay that 1 slipped upon a little dog— the corner of the street bit me — and an old gentleman with cropped oars and a brass collar on his neck, ho Baid ho boldngcd to the dog — and 1 was — you nnder derstapd — hie— that is, I don't know nothing more about it.' ^'i wife was eplightoiied. 