Humour. RUBENSTBIN'S PIANO PLATING. JUD BROWIN'S DESCRIPTION THEREOF. " Jud they say yon heard Rubenstein play when you were in New York. Well, tell us about it." " What, me? I might's well tell you about the creation of the world." " Come, now ; no mock modesty. Go ahead." " Well, sir, he had the blamedest, biggest, cattycorneredest pianner you ever laid eyes on. Somethin' like a dis- tracted billiard table on three legs. The, lid was h'isted, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been, he'd a-torn the intire inside clean out, and scattered 'em to the four winds of heaven." " Played well, did he ?" " You bet he did ; but don't interrup' me. When he first set down he 'peared to keer mighty little 'bout play, and wisht he hadn't come. He tweedle-leedle'd a little on the treble, and twoodle-oodle le- oodle'd some on the bass ; just foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way. And I says to a man sittin' next to me, s' I, what sort of a fool playin' is that? And he says ' Hee'sh !' But presently his hands commenced chasin' one 'nother up and down the keys, like a passel of rats scamperin' through a garret very swift. Parts of it was sweet, though, and reminded one of a sugar squirrel turning the wheel of a candy cage. " 'Now,' I says to my neighbour, ' he's showin' off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idee, no plan of nothin'. If he'd play me up a tune of some kind or other, I'd—' " But my neighbour says ' Hee'sh !' very impertinent.' " I was just about to git up and go home, bein' tired of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and calling, sleepy-like to his mate, and I looked up and I see Ruben was be- ginnin' to take some interest in his busi- ness, and I set down again. It was the peep o' day. The light come faint from the east. The breeze blowed gentle and fresh ; some more birds waked up in the orohard, then some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. People begun to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms, a little more and it techt the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day ; the sun fairly blazed, the birds sang like they'd split their little throats ; all the leaves was movin' and flashin' diamons of dew, and the whole wide world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was a breakfast in every house in the land, and not a sick child or a woman anywhere. It was a fine mornin'. And I says to my neighbour, ' that's music, that is.' " But he glar'd at me like he'd like to cut my throat.' " Presently the wind turned ; it begun to thicken up, and a kind of grey mist come over things ; I got low-spirited d'rectly. Then a silver rain began to foil. I could see the drops touch the ground ; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away like round rubies. It was pretty, but melancholy. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then they melted into thin silver streams running between golden gravels, and then the streams joined each other at the bottom, and made a brook that flowed silent except that you could kinder see the music, 'specially when the music went along down the valley. I could smell the flowers in the meadow. But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sing ; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The most curious thing was the little white angel boy, like you see in pictures, that ran ahead of the music brook, and led it on, away out of the world, where no man ever was—I never was, certain ; I could see that just as plain as I see you. Then the moonlight came, without any sunset, and shone on the grave- yards, where some few ghosts lifted their hands and went over the wall, and between the black sharp-top trees splendid marble houses rose up, with fine ladies in the lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but could never get anigh 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made me that miserable I could a-cried, because I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with the guitars did. Then the sun went down, it got dark. The wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mother, and I could a-got up then and there and preached a better sermon than any I ever listened to. There wasn't a thing in the world left to Iive for; not a blame thing, and yet I didn't want the music to stop one bit. It was happier to be miserable than to be happy without being miserable, I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and pulled out my hand- kerchief and blowed my nose loud to keep from cryin'. My eyes is weak anyway. I didn't want anybody to be a-gazin' at me a-snivilin', and it's nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me, mad as Tucker. Then, all of a-sudden, old Reuben changed his tune. He ripped and he rar'd, he tipped and ta'rd, he pranced and he charged like the grand entry at a circus. Peered to me that all the gas in the house was turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look any man in the face, and not afeared of nothin'. It was a circus and a brass band, and a big ball, all goin' on at the same time. He lit into them keys like a thousand of brick ; he giv 'em no rest day or night ; he set every liven joint in me agoin', and not bein' able to stand it no longer, I jumpt, sprang onto my seat, and just hollered, ' Go it, my Rube ! ' " Every blamed man, woman and child in the house stared at me, and shouted, ' Put him out ! put him out ! ' 'Put your great-grand-mother's grizzly, grey, green- ish cat into the middle of next month ! ' I says, 'Tetch me if you dare ! I paid my money, and you just come a-nigh me.' " With that some several policemen run up, and I had to simmer down. But I would a fit any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to hear Ruby out or die. He had changed his tone agin. He hopt, like ladies, and tip-toed fine from eend to eend of the key board. He played soft and low and solemn. I heard the church bells over the hills. The candles in heaven was lit one by one ; I saw the stars rise ; the greater organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to the world's end, and all the angels went to prayers. Then the music changed to water, full of feelin' that couldn't be thought, and began to drop, drip, drop, drip, drop, clear and sweet like tears of joy fallin' into a lake of glory. It was sweeter than that, it was as sweet as a sweetheart sweetenin' sweetness with white sugar, mixt with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell you the audience cheered. Ruben he kinder bowed, like he wanted to say, ' Much obleeged, but I'd rather you wouldn't interrupt me.' He stopped a minute or two to fetch breath. Then he got mad ; he run his fingers through his hair, he shoved up his sleeves, he opened his coat-tails a leetle further, he drug up his stool, he leaned over, and, sir, he just went for that old pianner. He slapped her face, he boxed her jaws, he pulled her nose, he pinched her ears and scratched her cheeks' till she fairly yelled. He knocked her down and stamped on her shameful. She bellowod like a bull she bleated like a calf, she howled like a hound, she squealed like a pig, she shrieked like a rat, and then he wouldn't let her up. He run a quarter down the low grounds of the bass, till he got clean into the bowels of the earth, and you heard thunder gallopin' after thunder through the holios and caves of perdition ; and then he fox- chased his right hand with his left, till he got wayout of the treble into the clouds, whar the notes were finer than the points of cambric needles, and you couldn't hear nothin' but the shadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't let the old pianner go. He for'ard-twod, he cros't over first gentleman, cros't over first lady ; he balanced to pards ; heobaiMaeright-leK, baoVto plwxi; ??WM&& all hanas'd aroun' ; ladiei lo the liaJblj'.'M^^ promenade all, In »nd out, here and .then, m!®$0 i«ok and forth, up and- down, ^rMhiii ?; :: m ft? motion double »nd twisted /»nd «ed down, # 5? -5 and turned and twked and twgled into forty, /f.;^ ?leven . thou«»nd mixtery;^, And Xhtn h»,; :*«?.? wonld'ntletlhe old pUnner go. Hehtoht ? £?$!£ up his right wing j he f etoht np big left wing 5 ; . $:w he tetohtnp W« centres ; beietohUp hit w.;.pfitf. g«vesVJ He fl'd by'mei,* he fired by pl,w H ; ; oons, by oompwyr by regiment!; and,:bv f:^ brindei' He opened hii oannon; »l«ge gnnr m' down thw-Nepoleoni'here,-twelTe- pouhdHii -: v: JondeSB'gn'. little 8uni,imWdle-.|,rt; £?;?*. guns, round/shot,, ?helln, gr»pneii,,gr»m, ? oaniiWi noitin, mine* :wd m»g»i.i8M^ ?{ flvarvUvWbrttery t,nd;?bomb agoMrttJa^: ; slmT time. TneLtur trembled, the^ ! C ; danoed, fhe/ir.lls ?hnk':^^^S»#:^ tbs cellin' eome down, the Bky,:spUt,jlu ; ^nd ^ooM, she»Y.ni^Wi:e.rtn,,;erat, ; glory, tenpenny nails, my Mary^ :i v hallelujah, Samson; in a, 'simmons tree JerooBaVmi Tramp Thompson in a tumble- out ioodle.ooaie^)bdle-oodle.oodle.ruddle- ud«e-«ddle,uddlerjraddte,addle:addle*t. .- } ^ Saddle- riddle- iddle riddle- reeUeieetle-^Vv eetle-eetle-eetle-eetle-p-r-r-wr-lang I '. p** r-r-lang I perlan'i ! per lang I p-r-r-r-r-r-r-r- k°^K£t \banfti he 'lifted himieU bodily into the air, and 'he opme down wift hia kneea, his ten nngeri^iB ten. toes; his , elbows, and his nose, striking every single , solitary do? on that planner at the same ttoe^hT thing busted and went off into seventeen hundred and fifty-seven, five hundred and; forty.two .hemi-demi-Bem- r quavers, and I know no mo*. Whenil come two I were under ground about . twenty foot, in a place they call Oyster Bay, treating » Yankee that. I .never laU eyea' on before, and never expeot to agio) Day was a-breakin' by, the time I got to the Sfc Nioh'los Hotel, and. I pledge you my word I didn't know my name. The man asked me the number of my room. I told - him. - ' Hot :mwie on-iite nal/.iMtt, for Moll*-'? pointedly 'did.-Detroit JFrw PripS.' '?'?-'-'? ??'? -?'?} ' '; 'u: '^ '?'? 'Klk Thkbb lives in — -, Kentuoky, a olevor gentleman and an excellent lawyer as well, Judge D — r.,- «This gentleman was intimate with an' old. 'gentleman, Governor R ? , living in an; adjacent county. ?. Governor R_l was and is (for I believe he is still living) what we are in the habit of calling a* old-time Virginia ? gentleman of stately dignity. Well, the judge was on a visit at- the old governor's house, and it happened that the governor took him out riding in hi* buggy, and that in pausing along the turn;i pike they -approaohed a toll-gate, whon the Judge, taking out his purse as if to pay tho, toll, the governor said, in his statelv way, ' I've been a long time trying to make yon a gentleman, to Uttle purpose, I boo. You must know, sir, that when a gentleman takn a gentleman out riding, he doe* not expect Mm to pay hit pauage.' The judge pat up his, pooket-bo\\)k and said nothing. After a.| while they oame to a gate on the governor1*,, plaoe, when tho governor stopped the buggy for, the young 'judge to get .out and open the gate ; but the judge sat still, and wa, silent. After a while, Btill waiting, tha, governor said, ',Ahem! ahem I' waitwft for the judge to move, and then again(! 'Ahem ijahem 1' After agood long pauie, the judge said, 'Governor K- — , you nuytj know, sirj that when a gentleman taktt a gentleman out to ride, he doesn't expect Aim.te work hi) pauage;' | and there the judge had him sure— don't you think bo.-. — Barpers, irii HERE are two matters of a theological nature, one from Texas, the other fro» Jreland, whioh illustrate )phases of bohof u? to the ultimate destination of the partioa tot tho dialogues. The first is of two old Texas rangers who had just helped bury a neigh- bour, and were talking about religion, and one asked the other how pious he thought it was possible for a man to get in this world, if he were in real earnest. " Wa'al," said the other, reflectively, "I think ef a man gets so 't he can swop steers or trade hosaos without lyin', 'at he'd better pull out for the better land afore he has a relapse." The nezt is of an Irish labourer who was lying in a ditch, very much the worse for liquor. He was encountered by the priest of his parish. Very much shocked, his reverence turned the drunkard over, who muttered, 'Where am I ?" " On the road to hell," replied the priest, sternly. " I thought so," said Pat, " when I heard Father Murtagh's voice on the road too." 