TELEGRAMS. fFBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENTS. 1 ApBitATOE) June 16.-' Hie shArehmkers strongly protest against the Shareholders' Licensing Bill mfroduced in thp ConnciL ^ The Chief Secretary j (Hon. • W." Morgsin) had as interview with thaHon. Graham Beny, whowaaa nltuagigar -bj^ tbe RiM-S.-Tanjore, I resqieeting rhe Bah'ndary ahd postal contract. Mr. Berry promised thatboth should have the immediate attention of the Victoriah.'"Gbvernment. ■ The "Ghimtrarazo, whiohleft Adelaidebn the 19th May, arrived at Suez on the 15tb June, and caught the mail for BrindisL Letters will be de'L-ered In London on the 23rd June, 35 days from the time of hex departure from Ade* iailier The ~P- A'rQrsteamer, ^which~leff Adelaide on the 17th May, will not deliver letters in London till the 30th inst. The fount^n'jp commemorajfcion nf Dr. B^n8on was formally handed over on Saturd&y; to the Norwood and Kensington Corporation. The Cornwall [Relief Committee sent home "by 'the outgoing mail for England on Saturday a draft for £450. The Wesleyan Church also sent £275. £■■--* r - ' , The oeremppy of laying the foundation atone of the new Tnstifute has " Been postporied" indefinitely, as the foundations which, were lfiid some time ago a^g not safe. _ . „ A verdictof manslaughter B®T>een*eb^rnied .agakgt a/nid^e^a^uied^E»^fi^drJ$r her treatment of Mrs. Bam, who died dunag her confinement. \- Rowland Nufct and son, who were/chaiged jat the Supreme Quirt with sttaimg'jieOO sheep, have been discharged: ~ j i Melbouene, June 16.1 £ . The Board of Land" and Works have cancelled Wright and Wiggins' contract for the Oakleigh'Railway.'- They are ^ea^Ty involved in thePfovineial and Suburban A \- Mft-Mason-, M:P;; BquMatdrTjHtie^Brovincial and Suburban Bank, applied to-be allowed" to nominate another firm to carry on the woirk so as to protect tire interests of the Bank, whijch had advanced large sums to contractors. The' application was. refused. ^ ! A telegram from Mansfield states that Inspector Toohey andA party of police,have ie> turned sifter a fortnight's unsuccessful search for the Kellys. They "were misled by false m-* formation. There is a little excitement amongst the pohceowing to the rumour that Kate Kelly had visited town. Detectives were told off,to watch the movements of the female supposed to be Kate, She was followed through the streets and down to Sandridge, from which place it was supposed she intended to leave the colony. So far, nothing has arisen out of the affair. Over 250 persons have entered their names as. unemployed at the Registry Office at the ves-_ tibule of the Theatre RoyaL Mr. RounseveU's greyhound Rondelitia, the first favourite for the Waterloo Cup, has been, matched against Mr. John Wagnpr's Joan of Arc for £100 aside for three courses,, to. take place in August.- The awnerof Rondelitia offered to increase the wager to. £1,900. Final arrangements for the reception of Mr. Berry have been made. He is to land at Wdliamstown on Tuesday afternoon, whereaddresses will be presented-to iiun A special train will convey him to Melbourne. At the j Spencer-street Railway Station Mr. Berry will h® met by delegates _ of the Reform League. The Trades. Unions intend, in the evening to have a torchlight procession, with bands playing.. They will proceed to the Treasury, where more, addresses of congratulation will be presented^. The electric light will be used to illuminate the proceedings. Lady Normanby's health is extremely precarious. Sir F. F. Mueller was eutertained' at a complimentary banquet on Friday evening, in celebration of the dignity of knighthood recently conferred upon him The Germans, at. Sandhurst celebrated on Friday night the Emperor of Gennany's.golden. wedding, Mr. Kjrapp was present. Professor Pepper, of the ghost illusion celebrity, is shorteiy expected in Melbourne. Mr. Zox, the member for East. Melbourne, has sent in his resignation to the Speaker. His mercantile affairs have bear satisfactorily settled, and he has taken this. step, as a matter of. honor. He^ seeks re-election by hi« constituents. It is understood that he is retiring frombusiness. Wiberg and Fearce, charged with the Avoca gold robbery, were brought before the Police Magistrate on Friday. - The Crown Prosecutorapplied for a remand, urging, that important, witnesses were coming from Ceylon, Mr. Fisher,, on behalf of the accused, protested' against the adjournment as. being contrary to British law. The remand wasgranted,, and the prisoners were sent back to gaoL The affairs of the Australian and "Enwynqn Bank are progressing satisfactorily. The men who have reported themselves at the vestibule of the Theatre Royal as unemployed purpose presenting the list to Mr. Berry on his return, Mr. Fairhurst, on behalf of the working men "wanting' employment, has sought an interview with Sir B, O'Loghlen with a deputation respecting the present grievances, - but he was emphatically denied an audience. The Mayor of Melbourne has- asked the Acting Chief Secretary to builda house inside of Pentridge for the accommodation of Gately, the hangman, who is considered to be unfit to be allowed at large, owing to his drunken and infuriate habits. He was told that the matter' would be referred to Mr. Berry. By private advices it appears that Mr. ■Berry's health was.; precarious, and on leaving, home he was suffering severely from rheumatic gout. The voyage has, however, almost completely restored hint to health. Mr. Hayter has been obliged to return with him owing to the state of his health. A mendicant supposed to be suffering from crippled joints in several of hla limbs haa been arrested. He offered such a stubborn resistr anee that it required, two policemen to- effect his capture. It was evident that he had been shamming, and he was sent to gaoL ' ' Doubts are entertamed of Lady Normanby's recovery. The climate disagrees with her. Breadstuffs are firm. Flour, £1115s. to £12 ; wheat, 5s. 9d.; oatsA 3s. Id. to 3s. 2d.j The Victorian Cricketing Association is to be dissolved, and a new Association will be fonned under amended rales. At tfaemeetingon Friday night a letter was-received -from the Secretary of the Melbourne Gricket Club, .declining to furnish the accounts of the match played betr ween the Australian Eleven and. the English -Amateur Eleven, of to. pay any.percentage on the receipts of the match, as it was- not under the management or patronage of the Associa* feon. _ After a long discussion it was resolved to insist that the Melbourne Club should furnish a statement of accounts and pay a percentage. The brig Alexandra, which cleared for Newcastle on the 6th, was found to have four men aboard more than was declared, and a suspicion haa arisen that they are theKellya . The police have telegraphed to board the vessel on her arrival at Newcastle. _ A good prospect of gold has been obtained' from a quartz reef at Preston, about nine miles from Mansfield. i It is understood that the Hon. W. Bath will contest the_ representation of Fitzroy in the Opposition interest.. Mr. Vale will also* probably come forward. .'■ | Stonst, June 36. The return of receipts for the carriage of wool since railway .extension to. the Riverina indicates a wonderful increase in' trade.The receipts for the year ended December show' double as. compared with 1376, and 13,000 bales more -than 1877i The total receipts for last year was 40,000 bales.' Districts never y ^presenter-skit 2,000 and 3,000 It is stated that memberaiof the Kelly hang sailed for Newcastle in the brig Alexandria A whole family, consisting of father, mother, and four children^ has been .arrested Aw com-: nutting depredations. An immense quantity of stolen goods was found-in their possession. lire news of the commutation of the sentence of death passed .-on Metcalfe and Wilkinson-was received in every tiwiiivitji unbounded ioy &nd; satisfaction, particularly in the vicinity where the prisoners resided. -The substitution of life- \ long imprisonment iagenerallyheld to be rath*.too severe. A disturbance baa occurred at the Infirmary. The resident medical, officers have been Siipended. _ 31evelations are ejected. '-It is rumoured that- scqrvy exists among the1 ['.patients.:. • . ~p ■. ■ ^ At the Grocers' Picnic, an influential affair,' the health .of the Acting- Governor: was pro-' posed. OMy three persons stood up; the others : were pulled down by their wives and daugHteis1 -<w aefusM to honorthe toast, v. The tune " For J'f 81 jW; " fdliiw" ,^as:drowQed amid i hisses and groans, and cries of *'No Toast,*'and i " Hanging Governor." ! —-The laxhibits" a«quickly;arriving] ':"??*'* r*'i ' _ K &'irewM^ lMt' ah officer pf tfie tiaSla ^^hhhj^3ail«^, Beanaan -iritt amhrlin^spike. The officerhaa-be^Ariestfea. .. '■ ; ; ' palaces -are popular.' A ' project aortoew eatablishmentwas floated in an hour. ^The -*deatii sentences passed on Metcalf and Wilkinson have been commuted by the Execu- : tive Council The decision has been received i with .universal satisfaction, and has greatly relieved the public mind. The condemned boys during the last fortnight manifested a becoming sense of their awful position and were utterly penitent. The youngest was almost paralysed by fear of his threatened dreadful fate.'. . The Exhibition Commissioners ha vb received: tenders from the principal caterers inthe pty for supplying refreshments within the building. A tender for £1,300 has beenaocepfced, 'with'the right of the sale.of liqixoMbv rj. At the meetingdf the Exegitivp to consider the case of tbe prisoners condemned to death for rape, a telegram wag read from the Rev. Canon Smith, of Bathurst, stating that the prisoners duringthe last fortnight tfad-fully recognised the awful sense of their position, and were peip-^ tent and desirous of vindicating the honour pf I the girl, at tbe same time'entreating for mem-r fal consideration.. .. _ - -- ■ . . • , " In the'Assembly Sir"!SeiuxParkfia--atated thai the. Executive hafifteen induced ^$xftend ineroy.tbthe condemned crimmale oarthe^Smad that they had earnestly desired.±Q,establiBh the siitue andfaouour*>fthegirl- -1 1 ■ / f. j A petition signed by SlQO jmirried wamemWns'! presented to the Acting Governor in favprf of , the Commutation', bf the aStftence.'sou the condemned prisoners. • _ _ June 16.{ i A large -Quantity-' ef ^land^^has been thrown: "open lor selection immediately near AramsicJ, j Blackall, and Tsuhl^Jand'along the CentijaT Railway.. • • f, --- . -r } 'r The new Land Bill increased homestead areas <to.l6fi;acnes.-,:' » v..i_ | • The Courier, puUisbeB;at. .^eatLlength aignjpients in favor of a. transcontinental railway.: The Ellen Gowapbas BaSlpd for paw Guine^ with she Em&J;&dTariaue;^iDhalmers, mid Bgawick, ! - 'A "——^TTgS A 