ROMAN PICTURES.— No. V. IBy the Bev. W. K-. Feetcheb, M.A..1 TUB CATACOMBS— ST. SEBASTIAN. In case some of the readers of these sketches should charge me with not being original, I at once acknowledge that I am guilty of not trying to be original in manufacturing the facts of history. If my readers wish to find the sources of my papers they may consult Gibbon and Milman, and Neander and Elliott, and ISforthcote and Mailland, and Mrs. Jameson, and Merivale and others, which are all easily ac cessible; but if they wish to carry their re searches lurcner tney muse study Tacitus ana other classic historians, . and consult the nume* Tons writings of the anti-Nicene Fathers. I wish to remind my readers that these sketches ot Borne are not disconnected frag ments, but are meant to be illustrative of one central thought. 1 -wish to awaken an interest in tbe greatest ievolution that has ever come over the life of this world, and the struggle, vast though silent, which it involved. In my first two sketches I drew a picture of the theatre of this revolution, and in my account of the Palace of the Caesars I depicted a state of society which, however splendid, was nevertheless so morally degraded that ii» permanency was impossible. In my next two papera I tracked the fc3v3tep9 of St. Paul in Rome, and showed how the reli gious and Christian influences which were at work before his visit to Home received a sudden and a lasting impetus. Though no one thoughts it, that blameless prisoner was doing more to overthrow the throne of the Caasars than even the Goths in Germany or the Parthians in the far East. In this sketch I wish to show you the great revolution at work. Our previous datea were in the fir6t century of our era; lee us now pass down the stream of time and take our stand towards the end of the third century. Two hundred years have rolled by, and meanwhile the unweildy empire has been holding together if not growing. The Caesars of the first century were mostly bad men, but the Oae3ars of the second were of a different order. Home was favored by having a succession of rulers whose names add lustre to the roll of potentates. Trajan and Hadrian and the twoAntonines were men of whom Home may well be proud, and for a time by 'their military skill and their wise administration they did much to postpone the day of ruin that was coming. I say they were wise men, but wise men are sometimes the most blind, and these wise men did not under stand, the danger which beset them. It is a curious fact that the very worst emperors let the Christians alone, while the best of tbem were among the most bitter persecuters of the church. Trajan, Marcus Aurelius, Aureliau, and Dioclefcianall lifted up their hands to smite the Christians, while Commedus and Caracalla gave them liberty, yet the former were among Home's ablest governors, while the latter were monsters of iniquity. The truth is, that such men as Trajan and Diocletian dimly felttliat Christianity was the implacable foe to the whole Roman system of politics and morals; so they tried to crush it out, while the others were too openly wicked and profane to trouble tliemselves about it. Two hundred years have rolled on, and there is a great change in Borne. Borne is as gay as ever, as splendid as ever, and as cruel ao ever. Yast public buildings have been erected to gratify the luxurious habits of the people. The baths of Titus, the baths of Caracalla, and other similar establishments have been put up to please the Roman mob. The Colosseum has' been raised, and its arena has run rivers of blood to amuse the jaded roue's of the city. These things are as popular as ever, nay more so, and yet there is a change. There are by this time 10,COO Christians in the city, and every part of the empire is filled with them. Home is per vaded with Christianity, yet where is it to be found ? No churches are visible anywhere to vie with the temples of the gods. Where, then, are the Christian meeting-places ? Theee people seem to be every where, yet nowhere. In times of toleration they may be seen gathering, per haps, at the houses of some of the more wealthy of the sect, but as soon as an edict of persecu tion is sent forth they are gone, and only a few stray members of the flock can be found. Just rs a swarm of. rabbits will vanish at the sound of a gun into their numerous burrows, so did the Christians disappear down into the endless, dark, and tortuous underground regions, whicti we call the catacombs, there to hide themselvei, and ttere to worship God. This refuge of the persecuted church at Rome was used not from mere policy, but as the result, of a new principle, and a new faith, anct a hew method of dispo3ing of the dead. What a strange weird eloquence would be felt if we could gather together illustrative specimens of the various sepulchral monuments whioh have been in fashion in various parts of the world. The grandest and: most enduring of all the remains of antiquity are' tombs. The. Pyramids of Egypt are but the chief tombstones in the old graveyard of Memphis. The' city has vanished but its tombstones remain. The rock chambers of Beni Hassan and the vast de corated cliambers oi. the Pharaohs at Thebes; remain to tell how the living thought! of the dead, and how the living were wont to make ready their death -home with as much, care as they woald build; their palaces. The Grecian cities of the heroic age have been deemed almost mythical, but the discovery of the tombs of some of the Homeric heroes has given new life to .the stories of pri mitive Greece. The oldest remains in Italy are Etruscan tombs, and continual discovery keeps bringing to light fresh objects of art and beauty which have been buried in the graves of that1 clever but mysterious people. The intensest curiosity concerning Palestine gathers aroand its sepulchres. Abraham's grave is still locked from the profane inquisition of Christians, and awaits exploration. The tomb of David is said to exist, but is* not yet found. .The central church of the city of Jerusalem is the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, and, the dome of the great mosque overarches an unknown grave. Rome, of which we are more- especially speaking, is full of tombs. They exist in hundreds along the Appian Way. The frown ing castle of St. Angelo was the mauso leum of Hadrian. A low theatre in th« heart of the modern city is the altered tomb of Augustus, illustrating to what base use an em peror's dust may come at last. In a deserted vineyard at the other end of the city may be found the costly sepulchre of the Scipios, and near by are the Columbaria, where thousands of the citizens were economically disposed of in death, while beyond the walls no fewer than sixty separate cemeteries are to bo found, where the ashes of the Christian dead were laid during three hundred years of the history of the church. Our object is to visit this city of the dead I do not promise to give you any gorgeous de scription^, of palaces and temples, theatres and Bhows, but to tell you something about thme strange regions of underground Rome which are the most fascinating objects of search for antiquarians of every school. I hope I shall interest you, in spite of the mouldy character of my theme ; for if Rome be a ' nasty musty old city,' underground Home is still nastier and mustier. I remember in one of my visits to the catacombs being in company with a few intelli friends, among whom was a young English lady who loved Rome as only an artist can, and as we threaded our way iu the dark through the first gallery of the catacombs of St. Agneae and taw the lows of crumbling bodies on either hand, lying where their friends had put them 1,500 years ago, she exclaimed,' You may say what you will, I do not like this, and the sooner we geb out of this the better. Is there much more of it ?' To understand the peculiar influence which the catacombs had upon the hidden history of Rome at this time, we must carefully note what heathen Borne thought of death, and how the Romans were accustomed to dispose of their dead. The value of human life was not an idea that took hold o! the Roman mind. A Roman gentleman or even a Roman lady could sit all day in the circus critically watching the trained gladiators murder each other for sport, and when the dead bodies were dragged away with grappling-hcoks, and the blood-pools covered with sand, could see the same horrid spectacle repeated with some new adjunct of spicy cruelty, and all the live-long day very rarely exercise their privilege of msrey to the van quished. When anything went wrong in the househould the master could punish his slaves with torture or death, justasheliked,andthe life of a slave was deemed of no more value than the life of a dog. In war we rarely find a Roman express any very great concern at the idea of being killed, and in peace suicide was deemed not only no crime, but even a virtuous ast of bravery. A Roman did not place a very high value on any human life, whether anybody else's or his own. He had no hope beyond the grave, but his outlook on the future was not so much fraught with terror as it was absolutely shrouded in gloom. Death was black ; the ESlysian fields were only dreams of poets and children ; whether men did or did not live in Hades Was not known and was net much enquired about. The one great object for a man to live for was to enjoy himself and never think of the future. Yery different from this was the creed that was quietly spreading among the people under the nance of Christianity. You know what that is. I need not do more than remind you of it, for it is our creed to-day. Death to the Christian is his birthday into life— his summons to inherit his anticipated destiny— his hour of freedom from the chains and slavery of the present narrow and restricted life. -( Of gold wrought up in richest lace, Its thread is all that fire can burn ; In this so slight an ill we trace, Twere folly such a loss to mourn. ' The soul's imperishable gold, The body but'its mortal thread ; In fire we death's sole power behold : Why then should we lament the dead ?' The Romans were accustomed to dispose of their dead in two methods. One was the old fashioned way of burial; the other was the method of burning. The former meshed was gi actually supplanted by the latter. Burial was the more romantic, the more ideal plan, but cremation was the more economical of space, the more cleanly, and the more healthy for the living. As Rome got more civilised, and lost her faith in her old poetic creeds, she adopted the iunereal pyre almost entirely. The fashion changed, not from; any motive of funeral reform, but by its own innate spirit of caprice, and the bodies of emperors and slaves, instead of being left to the worms to dispose of, were dissipated in smoke and carbonic acid, and reduced to a few ounces of duat. I remember well how I was struck with the scientific economy of cremation as against burial in my first visit to one of the Colum baria or heathen sepulchres. I knocked at a doorway in a vineyard on the Appian Way, and after waiting for an inter minable time the door was opened by au ugly old woman. She divined what I wanted, end in silence led me up through the v;ies for some two hundred yards. Every part of that garden was strewn with antiques. Tumbled in a heap I saw a number of exquisite pieces of smallstatues, enough to make the fortune of an Australian museum. I looked upon the head* less body of a boy carved in white marble, and I remember how I broke the tenth command' meat. The old crone opened a door in a low modern shed of brick and galvanized iron, motioned to me to enter, and stood to watch. I went in and found myself peering down into the most curious chamber I ever beheld. This room was about 20 feet square and 30 deep. A narrow, steep, and ancient flight of steps led down to the floor. I went down and looked around on a most extraordinary sight. Every wall is pierced with pigeon-holes in rows one above another. These holes are about a foot deep, straight below, and semicircular above. In eome of these recesse3 were vases or urns containing the ashes of the dead, but most of them had two small holes in them which would hold a quart jar, each of which was enough for one grave, and a small loose earthenware lid lav on the hole. The old woman left me to myself in that curious dungeon of the dead. If I had bean nervous I might have speculated on what would have been tbe effect if she had locked the door, ac cording to some of the stories I have heard, but I was too inquisitive to be nervous. I read some of the inscriptions which are cut into email marble «lab3 placed over each reces3. I liftjed up one or two of the lids for curiosity's sake, and took up a handful of the dust of some old Roman or other, but Boon put it back, I looked into others, and they were empty, though I could not think what motive for theft could operate in such a cemetery where the haunting ghosts may truly say— u Don't go to weep upoi my grave, And think that there I be ; They haven't left an atom there Of my anatomic.' I noticed one whole row devoted to a company ©f musicians, the ' Philharmonic Society' of a foregone day, or the ' Koman Musical Union.' There was nothing then to distinguish bass from tenor or to mark the position of the prima donna over her sisterhood; but the leader or conductor had a place all to himself, as though he would fain carry his baton with him to the next world and teach the resurgent choir to awaken the sleepy ghosts of Hades with the renewal: of earthly melody. Human nature I observed to have been somewhat like what it is to-day. As witness two monuments—one to a Roman lady, an old maid of course, or a young girl of five-and-fifty; and one to her pet lap dog. She had actually gone to the expense of burning her poodle when he died of mange or overieeding, and putting his ashes in a' jar, and getting an inscription carved over the niche, in which she callsber dog her delirium— her darling. I became arithmetical, and began to count these graves. I made a rough calculation, and found that there were eleven rows on each wall, nine : niches in each row, each niche containing two jars, and two rows arranged as a skirting, and the re sult came out 908, or subtracting two for the little dog, for he had a niche all to himself, 906 more or less. If economy of space were to decide the matter, I thought as I came out, be tween the undertakers and the cremationists of our day, there is no doubt how the matter would end. All London might be buried in a fair acres on this plan, and all Adelaide in half a dozen large cellars. But whether rightly or no the Christians did not like this mode of disposing of the dei i and kept to the old method of burial. In doing this they were not transgressing either law or precedent or custom, but simply the city fashion among the better classes; and their habit of interment might mark them off as old fashioned and vulgar. I speak of fashion as the motive which prompted to this novel custom, and that it was nothing else is proved by tb.9 existence in the near 'neighborhood of these colnmbaiiae of vast pits where the bodies of slaves used to be thrown in pell-mell, and salted with lime to assist decay. One other matter we must note before we visit tbe Catacombs themselves, and that is the peculiar geological formation of the country around Rome. The city lies in the centre of a wide plain of volcanic rock and sand. The sand is famous all over the world, because it makes the best building cement that exists. It lies nearest the surface, and though I call it sand it is really a soft porous rock, with harder rock beneath it. Numerous quarries and sand-pits are to be found all around the city, and these sand-pits are often found running into twisted paseages^as the excavators followed the softer veins of pozzularia. It is sometimes said titat the Catacombs are nothing but deserted sandpits used ever again as bury ing- places and lurking dens, but no one visiting tbem can for a moment confound them. Tue catacombs often open out of sandpits, which helped greatly to conceal their entrances, but in size, style, method, and arrange ment they are peculiar to themselves. They were commenced as underground Christian cemeteries and nothing else. They are the ex preBsion of the Christian mind against the Pagan ideas of death, and the Epicurean doa trine of annihilation. Of these curious cemeteries there are no fewer than sixty within three miles of the city, and I purpose to take you to one or two of them, and in so doing to make our visit as interesting as.possible; and first let us go to the catacomb of St. Sebastian. Oar road lies along the Appian Way, and as we are in Rome we must not mind having to walk or drive through six inches of dust. We do cot ?top to note anything on the way till at last we come after about two miles to a plaia modern ised church, with no pretension? either to size or splendor. We enter sjA look around. The chief altar of the church is a small chapel on the left, and that at once attracis us, for beneath the altar is a statue, which when once seen is not easily forgotten. It represents a noble young man lying on his side exhausted yet still living, pierced through and through with nume rous arrows. That statue told minutely a tale of heroism and martyrdom, and our guide-books informed us that the actual remains of the youth are in an urn under the altar, and that in the catacombs below he was, once interred. When I visited this church my companions were a learned Scotch minister of intensely Pro testant sympathies, and two young men with whom he was travelling as a guardian. I re member how he looked at the statue and taid to me—' Who is this St. Sebastian ? I seo kis pictures everywhere in Italy. In every gallery, in every city, there are two or three of them with every variety of treatment ; there he ia before us, a strong young man, graceful as Apollo, seraphic as Stephen, with those barbarous arrows sticking in his arms and legs. They are among the most repulsive yet tbe most attractive of all the favorite pictures of Italy.' My friend was more learned in the stories of the Scotch Covenanters than in the legends ©f Some, but when he learned the story he was deeply interested. I ani afraid to tell you more than the barest outline, but while the monk has gone away to get some caudles I will ask your attention. Sebastian Was a noble Roman who flourished at the end of the third century. He was a captain in the Praetorian guard, and was con verted in early life to Christianity. He has left a name for that happy union of bravery with gentleness which marks the true hero. He rose high in Imperial favor, fo? everybody admired him. He was a ' saint in Caesar's household/' and as such was ready to use his sword in the service of his country and to work for his heavenly Master as vrell. At last, in the final and terrible perse cution under Diocletian, he was arrested, and was sentenced to die. * The co-Emperor, the ferocious Maximin, was sorry to lose snch an officer, and sent for him to remonstrate with him privately about what he was pleased to call his treachery. ** Have I not honored tbee above all my officers? Why hast thou dis obeyed my commandments and insulted my Gods?' Sebastian, unabashed, replied with more boldness than prudence, **O, Caesar, I have ever prayed in the name of Jesus Christ for thy prosperity. I have been true' to thy service. But as for the gods which thou wouldst have me worship they are but demons or at best but idols of wood and stone.' This reply made the Emperor furious. All his favor turned into gall. He raged and swore and called for a certain heathen African ramed Hylas, who had command of a band of Mauritanian archers. This man is reported to .have been a monster of cruelty, a man who had not religion enough to worship the gods of Rome. To him the Emperor caid, ' Seest thou the captain Sebastian? Thou mayst have some sport to-morrow. Take him and bind feim, and at early dawn lead him out and shoot at him with arrows, and let thy fellows show thy skill by putting as many arrows into him as can be without killing him. See that thon have nobunglet-or no man of mercy among thy bowman, who by chance or design should send a shot into his heart or into his brain. Since he wishes it let him taste death.' And so Sebastian was taken away, and tbe next day at duek, with no friend near him, with, no Christian brother to note his behavior and to cheer him, he was led from the cell of the barracks in which he had lived as captain into a grove, just under the palace of the Csesars, called the Garden of Adonis, and there, lashed to a tree, was made a target for the Numidian archers. Fer long they plied their fieadish sport, but with such skill that not one arrow pierced his body so as to give .him the liberty of dying. Some of the legends tell us that there was a com pany of angels hovering about, and that they came near and plucked with gentle hands the cruel arrows out of his quivering frame and healed his wounds, and then touched him and laid him to sleep ; and the archers thought him dead and left him. k Whereupon a noble Christian lady, named Irene, who had been near with some attendants, came and took the body away that they might bury it with saintly honor in the Catacombs. To her surprise and joy, it was found he did but swoon. She nursed him like a little child day and night. They prayed together, aad many of the people came and saw him that like another Lazarus had been raised from the dead. Then, said his friends, ' Holy Sebastian, fly from Rome like the blessed virgin fled from Herod.' But Sebastian said, 'No; this is no time to hide myself. I have been too near my crown to be afraid any more. I will stand forth more baldly for the faith I profess.' And as soon as he was strong enough he went forth toward the palace and stocd before the gate near by where he was shot at, and where he knew the Emperor would come out on his way to the capital. And when he saw the emperor he called to him in the name of Jesus. The emperor started/, he shook with fear, for he deemed Sebastian dead, and this vision of the hero was pale and thin, and not at all like the form of the strong young soldier. ' Art thou even Sebastian?' said he. 'I am Sebastian, whom the Lord hath delivered out of thy hands that I might again testify before thee to the faith of Jesus and plead for his servants.' The Emperor lost his fear and his curiosity in his rage. He was astonished at the boldness of this man. He ordered his guards there and then to seize him, take him away, lead him to the Colosseum, and [there beat him to death with clubs, and throw his body into the Cloaca Maxima. Thus he died doubly a martyr, and when his body was recovered, for it was re covered, it was buried in the Catacombs in the Appian Way, and gave his name to the church i which was built there and to that entire ceme t try. I Li any one wishes for further information, j whether genuine or romantic concerning Sebas tian, he may find it in Cardinal Wiseman's story of Fabiola, to which I am indebted foe maey of the particulars I have narrated. \ \ This story, which is one of many of tBa beautiful legends of suffering heroism which; have come down to us from those terrible times, may serve to illustrate at once the spirit which, actuated the Christians, the care they took of their dead, and how around one famous grave othetB clustered in time, until there was forznect an underground city of the dead. 