HOSTAGES TO FORTUNE. • CHAPTER XXVII—(Continued.) BY THE ATJTHOB OF " LADY •UDUEY'S BEOBET," "AURORA FLOYD," &0. Baby comee home at (his juncture, fresh and blooming after a long morning out of doors, and Ediths has to assist at the young gentleman's dinner. He has lately been promoted to the dignity of a mutton-chop, instead of the beef-teas and panadas of infancy, and to out up this chop into minutest portions, to watch the child dispose of the same, and to amuse him while he dines, have been hitherto Mis. Weetray's most agreeable occupations. To-day the wounded heart refuses to be comforted even by baby. The nurse is dismissed to her leisurely dinner in the kitchen, the mother performs her customary duties; but the task is done mechanically. The child looks up at her with vague wonder in his large round eyes. He misses the tender voice that has been wont to discourse sweet nonsense to him. He stares at his mother fixedly for a few moments, and then, scared by her rigid countenance, bursts into a dismal howl. That ory recalls Editba to her duty. She clasps the little fellow to her breast, and hot tears rain down upon him. " My darling, my precious one, my fatheiless baby!"she sobs. And then composing herself, sets to work to console and reassure the little one, and anon woos him to the discussion and enjoyment of his mutton-chop. The baby's love is sweot to this young mother even in her despair, but not a helping balm for thoBe aching wounds of hem. He loves her, this little one, she thinks, almost wonderingly; for it seems somewhat strange to her that she should inspire love in any one, having foiled to keep Herman's affection—foiled though she has given all things, failed though she has wellnigh fallen into the sin of idolatry. She has her father's calm easy-going affection still, and Ruth's deep love. Are not these things something f Alas, her home life, all tip , oy and peaoeofher days before she knew Herman, seem to her for away—almost too remote for memory, as if they had belonged to her in a different state of bong i She can draw no comfort from the thought of home and homelove to-day. Will Ruth and the Squire oome to know of Herman's folsehoodt That question presents itself to Editha's mind as a new horror, How long shall she be able to hide his degradation —to keep the secret of his guilt f Not long, she fears. Those who lovo her so well will be curious about her fote. They will discover her husband's desertion, and she will have to ondm$ their, anger against him their scornM wonder at his baseness, Surety day will add to her burden. For suoh agtitif 4a bets there is no comforter but Death. Even this afternoon oome fresh wottusj small annoyances, like the carrion flies that sting some maimed wretch broken on the wheel The neighbouring traders have found out somehow that the storm has burst on BridgeW House. They send in their little aooounte. and wait for answers to- their applications. Tbey are insolent and importunate. Summonses come fluttering down, like the big drops that fall before a tefflpest^wateivrates, poor-rates, gas-accounts. Though Mr. and lies, Westray have spent so much ready money, they seem in debt for everything. Editha's horror of the house grows upon her as these assaults become more numerous, and she finally determines on flight She will take nurse and baby with her, and retire to some quiet little lodging up at Wimbledon, where they may live at least unaasatled by insolent creditors, where she will feel liefself secure from the possibility of any farther intrusion oU the part of Mr. Lyndhurst. No one but Selina shall know the secret of her retreat. She consults that faithful girl as to the step, and Selina concurs in its advisability. " Anything will be better for you than being worretted to death here, mum," says Selina. «I can have the charwoman to keep me company. Her husband's out of work, and she'll come for the sake of a good meal of victuals/ and glad. And I can bring you up any letters as may come, of an evening. It will be a walk for me." Mis. Westray has a few pounds of her own, and an unbroken ten-pound note, part of the sum sent her by Mrs. Brandreth'a treasurer last Saturday. The ten pounds she will leave with Selina. Her own slender purse will serve for maintenance at Wimbledom The first thing to be done is to find a comfortable lodging, snd she determines upon driving up to the village on the hill to-morrow. She can leave the carnage at some way-side inn and go on foot to hunt for her lodging, so that her coachman may not be able to inform any one of her whereabouts by-and-by. How hateful—how dear—the house that has been the scene of her brief wedded life seems to her 1 Hateful from the horror that has fallen upon it—dear for its memories of happy days. She takes up Herman's scattered books one by one and kisses them. " Ah, dearost, I have loved you too fondly," she says, "and you have grown tired of my love. It has seemed so common a thing—given unasked, given without measure." She remembers a passage in Deverttue which she and Herman discussed one happy evening by the study- fire. " The deadliest foe to love is not change, nor misfortune, nor jealousy, nor wrath, nor anything that flows from passion, or emanates from fortune. The deadliest foe to love is cuttorn." CHAPTER XXVHL "I know I shall die as my fathers died, and sleep as they sleep i even so. For the glass of the years is brittle wherein we gate for a span i A little soul for a little bears up this oorpae which Is man. So long I endure, no longer i and laugh not again, neither weep. For there Is no God found stronger than death i and death is a sleep." It is the last night of the season at the Frivolity Theatre. All the best people, and a good many insignificant people, nay perhaps, not a few of the worst people, have left London on their autumnal migrations, and it would be quite absurd for Mis. Brandreth to waste her sweetness on an unfashionable town. The house is crowded on this last night, though the recess is to be only of about six weeks duration. Wonders are promised for next season—a new actor, a new actress, a new play by that eminently successful author Herman Westray; renovation, decoration. People who have been intending to see Herman's comedy ever since its production flock to the little theatre to-night, to snatch their last chance of seeing it at ul The house looks brilliant though the best people am all gone. Between nine and ten o,clock Hamilton Lyndhurst strolls into Lord Earlswood'a box. His lordship has gone to Norway for a month's fishing. Mr. Lyndhumt is pale and weary looking. He is recognised by some of the mpn in the stalls, who begin to talk about him mysteriously. " How ill Lyndhunt looks!" remarks one. " I hope there e nothing amiss with that Bolivian loan." "Don't think it would make any difterenoe to him if there was/' answen his neighbour, "He never gets hit. " Yes; but they say he's dipped deeply In this Bolivian business, and that it'sasafo thing." " Depend upon it, if it's hazardous, he has dipped in and come out egata." The first speaker looks gloomy. Bolivians weigh heavy upon his soul! and vislons of prolonged contango vex his spirit, t Mr. Lyndhurst waits for the end of the iece, looking at the stage, but seeing very ittle that goes on there, though Miss Belormond is using those fine eyes of hers for his especial advantage. When the curtain falls he goes through Lord Earlswood's privileged door to the stage, and makes his way to Myra's dressing-room. " May I come in for a few minutes before you change your dress," he asks. " Yes, if you will promise to stay no more than a few minutes. Badgewick, you can get me a cup of coffee," adds Myra to her attendant, who vanishes at this command. Mrs. Brandreth is seated before her dressingtable, with its litter of lace-bordered handkerchiefs, fans, sandal- wood glove-boxes, and diamond-cut scent-bottles. There is no vulgar untidiness, only a picturesque confusion of elegant objects. " You arc looking tired," 6ays Mr. Lyndhurst, dropping into one of the luxurious chairs. " I suppose you are rather glad your triumphs are suspended for a time." " I am more than glad. I don't think I could have endured another night of this millwheel work." " And yet the play is Westray's. I thought to act in a play of his was unqualified delight." The dark hazel eyes grow hard and cold; the flexible lips tighten. " Yes, I am pleased to act in his pieces," she answers. " We owe each other success." " On one side, at least, the debt is large. What would he be as a dramatist if you had never given life and meaning to his work 1 I believe he is grateful, poor fellow 1 O, by the way, I saw his wife to- day." "Indeed!" "Yes; I called on her this morning: found her in sad trouble, poor thing! That bill of sale has been enforced; there is a bailiff in the house." Not for her very life could Myra Brandreth, BO clever in the management of her countenance on ordinary occasions, repress the gratified smile which curves her lip for an instant at this intelligence. " So ends Westray's domestic bliss," continues Lyndhuret. " When thu bailiff sneaks in at the door, Eros makes off by the window. When a man gives a bill of sale on his household goods, depend upon it domestic love, though not a recognised item, is included in the inventory." "Is not Mrs. Westray's devotion proof against calamity t I thought her a model of conjugal fidelity—the kind of wife one reads of in old stories; a species that is almost obsolete nowadays." "Mrs. Westray is foolishly faithful to a husband who has grown weary of her. But I think I have given her a proof of his falsehood which will weaken her faith in him, if it does not destroy her affection for him." " You have shown her—" "The letter picked up in your drawingroom." "And she believes—" "Exactly what you and I intended," remonstrates Myra. " It was your idea, remember." " Perhaps, in its ultimate development. But I know whose suggestion gave birth to the idea. Don't let us dispute the honour of originating the notion. It was a stroke of genius in any case, and the kind of idea that is more likely to spring from a woman's brain than from a man's." Myra laughs uneasily, opening and closing a large white fan with a somewhat nervous movement. Lyndhurst rises from his low chair and walks up and down the room thoughtfully. " I suppose it is what your strictly honourable people would call an ugly business," he says, after a pause; " and the worst of it is that it does not seem likely to succeed." " How so ? We have made that poor creature supremely miserable, without opening the door for her release. She is not a bird to be snared so easily as you seemed to think." "Would you have me think well of her f" asks Myra, with lowering brow and angry eyes. " I hate her too muoh for that. Yes, I hate her. It sounds horrible, does it not 1 Bhe has never injured me, you say. Has she not f She robbed me of the only heart I over cared to win, and should have won but for her. What does it matter to me that she was unconsoious of that wrong? Her ignorance does not lessen my loss. I have never hidden my feelings from you. You are just the one man I trust, because you have never pretended to be in love with me, because you have never affected to be better than you are, or to believe in oreods you secretly despise. When Lord Earlswood brought me the news of Herman's marriage, I went down on my knees and swore that if it was in human power to compass the breaking of that boild, it should be broken j that if any act of mine could sever man and wife, they should be parted. Am I likely to be scrupulous after such an oath as that V "Well, no, decidedly not. That is what I most admire in you, Mrs. Brandreth. You are thorough. You have trusted me and I will oonfide in you. You compliment me upon being what I have always acknowledged myself—an unscrupulous man, oounting the creeds .and codes for which other men profess reverence, by which they pretend to rule their lives, as the convenient formulae of judicious hypocrites. The Stock Exchange has shown me no difference between the religious man and the infidel Each is alike eager to enrich himself at the cost of his neighbor. Perhaps I should have been a bettor man than I am if I had found humanity in general better j if flatterers and parasites had not hung about me like the ivy that enfolds and strangles a tree, choking every good impulse ; if women had been true to me, and not to my purse; if one holy or genuine feeling had come in my way. It never did. I have found friends false to the core; women mere money-worshippers, ready to sell their souls for a diamond parure or a pair of high-stepping horses. Never till I saw Mrs. Westray did I learn to admire virtue; never till that hour did I know the meaning of love—love which hopes one day and despairs the next; love which takes the taste out of life's common pleasures, and makes existence a slow fever of alternate elation and despondency. Should I refrain from following her because she has a husband she loves—a neglectful husband at best, who gives his brightest hours to the world, and favors her with the mere refuse of his days f No t I saw her unappreciated, al most forsaken, and I swore to win her. ] have bided my time, patiently enough so far, but I am growing tired of delay. It has been the study of my life to get happiness out of the present. I have no future." " Your future is just as secure as other people's, I imagine." " Not quite. For all men life is an uncertain quantity. Preachers enlarge upon that text ad nauseam. But for me the uncertainty is tenfold, and a sudden ending, come when it will, inevitable. Three years ago I had to consult a physician about cortain uncomfortable symptoms in the region of the heart— premonitory spasms suggestive of mischief. I had not been alarmed without cause. The oracle informed me that then was organic disease. I might live five years, or even ten; but I was a doomed man. Some day, without warning, suddenly as if struck by a shell, I should drop down, and the comedy or tragedy of life would be over for Hamilton Lyndhurst I went to another oracle, only to hear the same sentence. This knowledge hds not been without its influence on my life. If I am more reckless than other men, remember that I stake less. No long future stretches out before me, no sluggish old age awaits me. I have tried to crowd a century of pleasure into a few years of dissipation; but pleasure after a little while becomes no more than a word, and, for any delight it affords, might as well be called pain. I should like to taste some purer joy before the fiat is issued. I should like to win wife and home—to die at the feet of the woman I love." " I suppose yon expect me to pity you," says Myra, half in scorn. " I think you are a man to be envied." "Why envied!" " Because you stand a chance of escaping old age—the after-taste of all life's sweetness, which, to my mind is more bitter than death —wrinkles, gray hairs, dull eyes, neglect, the sense that one is but a ghost among the living —dead long ago, though one does not care to tell the world so. Your tree will fall in the green, you will be spared the sere and yellow leaf." " Perhaps you are right, but autobiography shows us that men with sound constitutions and long purses have made rather a good thing of old age, and have left the scene regretfully at the last. It is hardly a pleasant thing to sit under the Damoclesian sword, or to have the skeleton at life's feast such a prominent figuro in the foreground. My lite is too uncertain even for the plans that give form and purpose to the lives of other rich men. Why should I build houses or picture galleries, plant gardens or buy doer-parka ? Beforo the mortar is dry I may need that narrower house we are all travelling towards. No, from the timo I hoard the doctor's decree I have lived as much as possible in the present. The only hope I have permitted myself is the hope of winning a wife I can love and revere." "Marry Miss Belormond. She admires you immensely, and is really one of the handsomest women in London." A shudder is Mr. Lyndhurst's sole reply to this suggestion. " Well, come to me to-morrow morning, and we'll talk over this infatuation of yours. Hamilton Lyndhurst accepts this invitation for to-morrow as his dismissal for to-night, and takes his leave immediately. Miss Belormond is standing at the wing as he passes out, gorgeously arrayed as Hypolita, queen of the Amaeons, in gold tissue, with a considerable display of pink silk logs and jewelled buskins, and a oataraot of somebody else's hair failing over her like a mantle, the whole crowned with a glittering helmet. She smiles benignly upon Mr. Lyndhurst as he goes by, and wonders that he does not linger for a few minutes' flirtation. She has been told that he is one of the richest men in London, and a bachelor, and she feels that for such a man she could forego her chances of dramatic renown, and content herself with the quiet simplicity of domestic life, embellished with servants in livery and a three- hundredguinea barouche. CHAPTER XXIX. "Lo now, what hearts hare men ! they never mount As high as woman in her Felfless mood." Editha succeeds in finding a charming lodging—not at Wimbledon, but at Roehampton —a rustic-looking cottage with irreproachable geraniums in all the windows, and a goodnatured maiden lady as proprietress. Here Mrs. Westray brings nurse and baby next day, carrying away from Bridge-end House only one portmanteau containing her plainest dresses, and a box for baby. She allows Selina to show the custodian box and portmanteau open, that he may see she is taking nothing that belongs to the house—no bronze, or china, or plate. Alas, the fine old massive silver from the Priory plate-chests, and all Herman's pretty gifts collected in the two years of their married life are included in the inventory which gives a strauger dominion over Mr. Westray's household goods! But even this fact hardly pains Editha now. What matters the shattered homo now that love has deserted its empty hearth t Let all things go—memorials of happiness departed! After the revelation of that fatal letter, Mrs. Westray has no expectation of her husband's return in answer to her summons. His going to the scene of war has doubtless been a deeplyplanned business from first to last. He knew the wreck of his home to be inevitable, and cared nothing for it, having new hopes and schemes for the future—a home in exile with his first love. The letter to Mrs. Brandreth tells that plainly enough. When he wrote that letter—on the eve of his departure most likely—he had no intention of coming back to England. With the same pen he wrote to his wife, touching lightly on his difficulties, talking hopefully of retrenchment in the future Specious and cruel letter, meant to lull sus picion, full of promises never intended to be fulfilled. Broken-hearted, desolate beyond all measure, Editha retires to the peaceful shelter of the Boehampton lodging, feeling even in her misery that there is an infinite relief in getting quite away from that dreadful bailiff. Baby, with infinite love of novelty, is pleased with the change in his surroundings, and takes kindly to the solitary maiden of the cottage. The rooms are airy and exquisitely clean, with that absolute purity which is oftenest to be found in a very small house, where the searching eye of the mistress espies every grain of dust or lurking cobweb, every cloud upon the window-panes or infinitesimal morsel of flue hovering in the folds of the drapery. Jane the nursemaid, a girl of less philosophic temper than Selina, is glad to escape from Bridge-end House. " It seemed as if there was a cloud hanging over the house after that man come in, mem," she remarks, as she attends upon her mistress and Master George at tea; " master away and all, too. It's all very well for Selina to take it so easy; but I never lived where there was anything of that kind, and I found it prey upon my spirits. I'm sure tho way that old gentleman used his knife was enough to spoil any one's appetite for their dinner. Such a greedy way with him, too. He told us he was a pig for Irish stew, and I'm sure he carried out the observation." Editha has been three days in this new abode—very quiet days. She has written home telling Ruth that she has taken a lodging at Roehampton for a week or two, because the air is better for baby. Not a word has she said about the bill of sale or Herman's perfidy. Let the tragedy of her life play itself to the end. Her lips and her pen will bo slow to tell her husband's dishonour. There has been no letter from Herman to his wife during this time. The Day Star gives a long letter daily. Bright, graphic as over is tho betrayer's pen. The fetal second of September has come and gone. The battle of Sedan has been fought, and Napoleon has laid down his sword. Herman is at tne scene of action, and his pen depicts that disastrous conflict, the bloody field, the gloomy resignation of the fallen emperor—the stamp of death already on that thoughtful brow—the awM despair of tho fatalist whom Fate has beaten. Editha reads those animated descriptions with a feeling of horror. He can write so vividly, he can be so Mly master of his intellect at the very moment his heart is full of treachery, his mind plotting deceit I Is this the man she has loved ana thought noblest among mankind—brave, frank, honourable, true? The Day Star gives a few lines to the closing of the Frivolity Theatre : " Mrs. Brandreth's bijou house will re-open in October, with a new comedy from the pen of Mr. Westray, whose genius is allied with the fortunes of this charming theatre." " She is free now," thinks Editha, " free to follow her old lover. I ought to have understood the story of Herman's life when I saw Kismet." About five o'clock on the third afternoon of Mrs. Westray's residence at Roehampton Selina arrives, flushed and warm, after her walk up tho hilly lane which leads from the Richmond road to this secluded village on the edge of the heath. Selina wears her Sunday clothes, the last fashionable thing in black silk jackets, a good deal of hay-coloured horsehair at tho back of her head, and a Parisian bonnet at half a guinea from the Bromptonroad. " 0, if you please, mum," she begins, " I thought I'd better step up with it, as it might be of consequence. It came when I was a- cleaning of myself, and I didn't lose a hinstant putting on my out-door things before I started to bring it." Mysterious address, in which the all-important noun is represented by an unidead pronoun. " Bring what, Selina ?" asks Editha, while the girl searches in a pocket, which is a whole breadth behind the convenient position for pockets, and obliges Selina to twist her fingers round in an uncomfortable way and make an animated corkscrew of herself as she dives into it. "Is it a letter t" "No, mum, a telegraph from foreign parts." " From my husband !" cries Editha. Her face flushes, her heart beats. He has not forgotten her altogether, even yet He has something important to tell. Is it the bold revealment of his guilt, or is he repentant f Is the telegram to announce his return to home and loyalty 1 " O, do be quick, Selina," she cries piteously, and at last Selina extracts the document from a pocket which is absolutely choked with a handkerchief, a pair of gloves—which Selina, finding the atmosphere oppressive, has taken off during her walk,—a couple of green apples, a memorandum-book, a slate-pencil, the door key, a needle-case, and her mother's last letter. The telegram is from Ostend. " Come at once. I have taken seriously ill on my way home, and am laid up at the Hotel des Ambassadeurs. The boat leaves Dover for Ostend at ten P.M. DO not delay." " Delay!" exclaims Editha; " as if I should waste an instant. My dearest one ill ftnd among strangers. Thank God that his first impulse was to send for me." Forgotten for the moment his treachery, his guilt. Her only thought is how she can fly fastest to his side. Unhappily there is but one pace for the careless traveller indifferent as to waste of time, and the eager lover flying to his mistress, or the fraudulent bankrupt flying from his creditors. The Dover mail leaves at a given hour, the night has but one boat for Ostend. Editha hurrios a few things into her portmanteau; divides her small stock of money with the nurse; gives a hundred instructions about baby's welfare during her absence; kisses and cries over that young gentleman for five minutes or so; spends another five minutes on her knees in the little white-curtained bedchamber, imploring Heaven's protection for the child, and then drives away in a fly, with the faithful Selina for an escort as far as the railwaystation. Ill, seriously ill says the telegram. Dying, perhaps. The wife's lips move in silent prayer as the fly jolts and jingles onward upon its journey from suburb to city. Ill, in danger, perhaps! But surely Death will spare him. Heaven will give him back to her, made whole in mind and in body, repentant of intended falsehood, snatched back from sin's fatal gulf by kindly sickness. What better school for self-examination and repentance than the quiet of a sick-bed ? She hastens to him—thankful for the summons which calls her to his side— fearful but not hopeless. CHAPTER XXX. lachimo. With fivetimes so much conversation, I should get ground of your fair mistress, make her go back, even to the yielding, had I admittance and opportunity to friend. Potthumut. No, no. lachimo. I dare thereupon pawn the moiety of my estate of your ring i which, in my opinion, overvalues it something: but I make my wager rather against your confidence than her reputation: and, to bar your offence herein too, I durst attempt It against any lady in the world. Potthumut. You are a great deal abused In too bold a persuasion s and I doubt not you sustain what you're worthyof by your attempt. lachimo. What's that ? Potthumut. A repulse: though your attempt, as you call It, deserve more | a punishment too. Big raindrops begin to fall as the Dover mail leaves murky London behind and pierces into the heart of the fair Kentish landscapepast homely farmhouses, and orchards where the branches of (he apple-trees aw bending luiddr theii bdried o£ fruit, crimson and «imb6ry gteitt and meet; past Gothic villas, With their trim new gardens, geometrical flower-beds, year-old gooseberry-bushes, and peach-trees stretched upon the new red walllike the fingers of a skeleton hand; past hopfields, where the vines are climbing to the tops of the poles, and stretching out gr6e& tendrils to their neighbours as in fiiendly greeting; past broad fields of tawny wheat still waiting the stakfe) and vast plains of stubble whence the barley has been carried; and so to the chalky cliffs, and the old Soman stronghold standing darkly out against a stormy sky where a young moon rides like a labouring vessel in a sea of clouds. The night is rainy and blusterous; and l&itha;, travelling for the first time alone, follows the railway porter along the slippery pier, and knows not into what bottomless pit ehe may be descending, as she gropes her way down to the Ostend boat. Travellers dash ftbOftt wildly ih the darkness; every one acts tos if his Voyage were a matter of life and death, lit*portmanteau stuffed with specicor uucut diamonds, so fearful dose he seem lest that treasure should berefitfromhim. Pushedaud buffeted by her neighbors, Editha reaches the wet deck somehow, and pauses there bewildered by the ferocious snorting of the engine, which seems to be remonstrating savagely against enforced inaction. The rain drives her down to the ladies' cabin. Who knows not that awful scene, that modern embodiment of the Black Hole at Calcutta ?— an airless clipboard, with cushioned shelves, on Which bundles of limp humanity lie helpless, motionless, their heads tied up in pockct- handkerchiefc, perhaps, like victims about to be offered on the altar of ttaeidon, who is already flapping against the sides of the vessel with prophetic threaten ings. One prostrate female lies on the floor. The steward—a permitted intruder like the dusky guardian of a seraglio—distributes basins me" thodically and unblushingly, cheerfully even, as if they were some crockery pools dealt out to the players in some round game. From this hideous scene Mrs. Westray te «ofls hotMMtricken, and reascends to the •deck. The steamer is plunging in a wretchedly head-foremost fashion through the waves. Cover's lamptit crescent recedes, the castle bobs up and down among the clouds aboVe the hilL The steamer gives a lurch, and makes as tt ft would turn head over heels, then reels frantically sideways like a shying horse. Shiny men in oilskin coats and sou'-westers stagger op and down the deck. No woman's form teliefflss the dismal scene, and Editha feds that (conventionality compels her to return to that hideous den below. She goes down again, finds a cornet to sit in—toom to lie down there is none-—and tries to lose her sense of DM surrounding hoUrar in sleep. Sleep whilo ttcrman awaits her—ill, perhaps dying! That were indeed impossible. She «lmts her eyes and thinks of him, prays for him, prays for her darling boy at Eoehamptbn separated for the first time from his mother. She prays while her fellow-pas- •angers groan and perform a conceited piece upon the theme of sea-sickness. Dawn, bleak, gray, and ghastly, a dismal struggle betwixt light and darkness, and the vessel, rolling pitching, creaking, grumbling, blundering, grinds against the landing-stage at Ostend. Every one rushes frantically to the gangway or struggles vindictively for luggage; fonts, porters, and custom house officials clamour hoarsely in the dim light. A dreary stretch of quay; white houses glimmering faintly in the distance, dingier buildings looming dark in the foreground; a slate-colored sea heaving and surging in the back-ground; of these things Editha is dimly conscious, as she contrivos to distinguish her portmanteau from the mass of luggage, and to get it conveyed to the cvstom- house. Hero a weary interval: portmanteus laid out on a long counter like bodies awaiting dissection; travellers delivering up their keys; hotel-touts lauding their several establishments on every side; Flemish, indifferent Frenb, broken English—Babel on a small scale. " Hotel des Embassadeurs, family hotel— baths—table-d'-hote—English spoken—all that there is of most comfortable," says a man at His. Westrav's side, trying to possess himself of her travelung-bag. M Yes; that is the hotel I want to go to," she replies eagorly. " Is it near 1" " But yes, madame, it is all near. But you will have a carriage for the luggage," he adds persuasively, the hotel in question being nearly a mile off. " Will madame have the goodness to indicate to me her packets V Editha points out her solitary portmanteau, and gives the man the key thereof. By the exercise of some occult influence upon the custom-house officer he gets the portmanteau opened, glanced into, looked, and handed over to him with expedition, and leads the way out f n % quay, where he hands Mrs. Westray into t dilapidated vehicle drawn by two gray horses about tbe sUe of one English hone cut in too, and of loss than one-horse-power. The commissionaire mounts the box, the starveling horses shamble away from the custom-house over the stoniest road Editha has ever travelled, the stunted coach jingles through the sleeping town of Ostend—not the gayest of towns even in it* diking hours, and by this half light a street of tombs, yawning portecochercs leading to family vaults, a shabby church or two, and o noble expanse of pavwgstones. t „ On goes the joggling equipage, the small grey horses tugging desperately as if they were dragging Cleopatra's Needle, past the town and to the more aristocratic portion of Ostend facing the digue, itcre the vehicle shoots off &t; a tangent, the driver screaming vociferously and houpla-ing to an alarming extent; and suddenly tttUts. Idto tiie court- yard of a big White liotfei. Jtuge black letters along the facade of the mansion proclaim it to be l'flotel des Ambassadeurs. A half-awakened-waiter stands in the door way, waiting for any victims from the Dover boat, and plucks up a little auimation on see ing Editha alight from her coach-and-pair. Night is still at odds with morning f everything has a dim aud dismal look. The hall and windows of the hotel are dark and hadowy, redolent of yesterday's table-d'hote. "Is Mr. Westray here?" Editha ask " An English monsieur t W ' n Is he better 1" she asks. And as the man Stares at her stupidly and is dumb, she adds impatiently, "Take me to his room this moment, please. You can pay the coachman afterwards. I am Mrs. Westray." " But certainly, madame. It is on the second floor. This way, madame; take the trouble to ascend that step." The man leads the way Up a broad shallow staircase, shining and slippery, among a corridor ott which innumerable doors open-, up another flight of stairs, past a landing whefce two plaster nymphs admire themselves in a large mirror, into another eorridor where he selects a door at whieh to knock. Entrez," says a voice within. Not Herman's voice assuredly. . No a tick man's voice was ever so deep and full The doctor's perhaps. Westray enters, and the waiter runs down-stairs to pay the driver of that nondescript vehicle with the ragged gray horses (To b* continued). 