WENIOTJS MACHINERY, ETC., AT " E PARIS EXPOSITION. St. John. Hat year special esrrespo. position has, at various its general interesting <umty of the sfcruc- for me to travel Be it my duty ' fellow cold- ntions dia- made the uular as it is iety par- \oi \- j, i, in., ii world. They exhibited their patent "fixeff" portable ©oemc — m engine which shcnld cra mend itself most heartily t v 11 mining com panies. J . is ftoi on wheels, hat- is the ordmary ) ju-i.able engine , on sai iron bed -plate ; ' eng-Ke it-vrv't is placed on the berf- plate -unae- the boiler, instead .of .afcovr ' ft, so ihst '' working parts are easily accessible for omag. These engines are made up to any number of horse-power, and are readily fitted with winding gear. To progressive mines they are of utmost importance. No moretali, expensive chimney- stacks, or boiler fixed in expensive bri-kwork, all more or less useless In case the claim turns out a " duffer j but in iieu thereof s "fixed portable" engine, which oan be readily mounted on wheels, and ready in a few hours' notice " te seek fresh fields and pastures new," Messrs. Robey and Co. also exhibit the ordi nary portable, with their patent governor attached. These machines — for their general excellence, the beauty of design, the many little "points," all ®f which means a saving of power, or expense, or fuel — gained the appro bation of all who inspected them, and many severe critics were there. I did not wonder to hear before I left the exhibition that Messrs. Robey and Company were awarded the gold medal for their exhibits, which award was the highest honour possible to obtain or for the judges to give. I see I have forgotten to mention another ex hibit of theirs, which merits Special, attention, viz., a threshing-machine, with angle iron frame. Nearly every farmer knows that the first part of a thresher to give trouble is the frame, for on it is attached all the driving gear. ; Wood shrinks and warps. Climatic ionaencejA effect wood in various ways, but not so iron. So think" Messrs, Robey and the judges, for, in their opinion, " there is nothing like iron." Leaving the engines, and passing ploughs (the exhibitors of which are well-known names, snch as Sellars, Ransomes, Howards, etc.) I come I to the exhibit of chaff -cotters. Here seems all the world and his wile — Bentall, Richmond and Chandler, Picksiey .and Sims, and ghosts ofrothers fronS -bait; west; fnortb, Jahdj SOutfifrdm even the nttermost partebf the earth — because' I noted amongst this great and glorious company of the apostles in agriculture the well-known and respected same of "John Bancle, Parkside Ironworks, North Melbourne," who exhibited one cutter only; and, perhaps, for this reason alone, did not receive from the judges that amount of consideration which the undoubted excellence of his machine merited. The other exhibitors had machines of - every grade, and a variety, of each grade. The finest display was that of Messrs. John Crowley and Sons, of Sheffield, whose machines by their simple excellence of design and finish oombined, eclipsed completely such well- known makers as Richmond and Chandler and Bentall, These last named manufacturers have for many years had the monopoly of the Australian markets, bat will now, I fancy, have to give way to the "coming men." Messrs. Crowley and Son obtained the gold medal, which, as in Messrs. Robeys' case, is the highest honour awarded. One special feature I noticed was an improvement effected in con nection with the feeding the cutters, by which an accident, such as a man getting his hand drawn in between the cogs, was rendered im possible. The mere fact of. a man getting his hand between the rollers stopped the machine. In winnowers, that of Messrs. Corbett and Peel seemed to me the most useful and most in genious. It is worked by hand, and the same motion that does the winnowing likewise lifts the grain about 5ft, high, and pears it into a sack, suspended on hooks at the top of the ele vator. By a very ingenions arrangement also, a weighing-machine is attached which weighs the sack, so that when the quantity it is desirable to pat into the sack is there, the ponring out of grain is stopped, then another sack fixed, and so on ad. I The general display of winnowing machines, on the whole, was very satisfactory, bnt the machines of each maker are so very like in general features that they oali for no special mention. Before leaving the English machinery hall, I wish to bring under the notice of all those inter ested a remarkable fact in connection with iron-work generally, and of the manufacture of English boilers in particular, and that is, that in England at least, the day of, or age of iron has passed, and the era of steel com menced. In proof of this I ma y men tion that the larger or better classes of boilers are now not made of best Staffordshire or Lowmoor plates, bnt of steel plates ; and to such perfection has the manufacture of steel been brought, that bars and plates of it are mannfaotnred of snch a quality as to excel in tensile strength and malleability the famed Lowmeor brand. The boilers of all locomotives, and of most war ships, are all made from steel plates. All the pistons and working parte of better quality engines are of steel also. No firm in England has helped forward the - dawn of this new day more than Messrs. Brown, Bailey, and Dixon, of Sheffield. They stand far and away ahead of any other firm in the manufacture of Bessimer steel in its various grades. Their advanced position is no doubt owing to the scientific acquirements, deter mined perseverance, and ability of their manager, Mr. Holland. I noted that a paper he read before the Royal Society of England, caused Mr. Bessimer (the author or inventor of the wonderful process for making steel which bears bis name) to remark that Mr. Holland had developed results which in his wildest dreams he never anticipated. Messrs. Brown, Bailey, and Dixon's works in feJSheffleld cover over fourteen acres of land. Iff 'heir steel rails are well known in England, 1 all ovc-r Europe, to have a property I "ifrly their own, owing, possibly, to some i manufacturing. Any way, their make S tU5, steel plates, and steel forginge— |f wmotiva tyres, wheels, and axles — M «K:iaed preference over others. It || tr readers some idea of the magni- Ii rorks when I: tell them Mossrsi If 'ud Dixon turn out 2,800 tous t| v. - . . I "'to the American hall of i? ftops. Here ! note a I machines and | " "% of Rutland, I over older I in chaff- ! teiles— - d, as the I ey rc- s 1 j placCd on Abeiptetform tfffl make, beam | rise, Onepfccntur feature « exceenct-, apd of j oonsideib):-- impel tjoaca to faron-rs And scorer I- keepers. «are the'piroteoted bearings of each machine. rfeijderiuf„y" it 4ti>.poSric-lG for the Ma' | chin k g#?t G:?. so < \- ugh usage doss 5 not aff-'.e its" »ocureey< Trda is .effected by means oi cups &ad; placed fefc the corner ot each jond of fchs platform, whereby tho latter is prevented from coming int© contact with the angle bearing underneath, until the actual moment of weighing. This improvement, and its general excellence of design finish, and work manship, gives this makeof scales in my opinion » decided ; advantage' 'ever Fairbank's, whose . brand up to the present time has had the call of the market. It was en these points, doubt less, that the jury awarded to Messrs. Howe | and Company the gold medal. I Another good thing, and of infinite import- Iance to squatters, free selectors, and all who are oat of range of the Yan Yean water supply, is a pump worked by a little windmill — a pump on qnite a different design or principle to any-' thing I have seen acted on before. Tbg modus, operandi is this, Oa an elevated station, such as the top of a hill, or the trunk of a tree with its branches lopped off, is placed the windmill j, which, acted upon .by the wind, works an air pump, The air from the pump can be forced through ordinary gas pipe, say of lin. bore, a quarter or half a. mile to where the actual water pump is. This water pump consists of two backets, with valves at the bottom. These bnokets are joined together like the Siamese twins, and through the connecting link work on a fulcrum, so that they look like two. boys on a rail, playing at see-saw, and it is . that motion exactly which takes place when the air from the windmill air-pump is forced to them. These backets, see-sawing on .the iron fulcrum, and the fulcrnm, connected yratfa a compact iron frame, are sunk in the creek, river, lagoon, -or well, and as the air from the air-pump is forced into one bucket that partioularbuckefc goes up, shuts a-vaive, and its »i8-a-.m gG8s,dowii ; fche false bottom lets the1 water, in, hn&.brings the bnoket into7 ouch a position that a valve opens, and admits the stream of air in, which forces the water through an outlet pipe, say a mile long, and up a height of cay 150ft; When the water is being forced out of one backet, sndifc is filling with air, it rises and depresses the other, which receives water through its falsa bottom, and the same process is repeated ad infinitum. The pump, once set, requires no more attention. Silently, hat effectively, the windmill catches the gentle breezes, and day and night into the squatter's tanks the "water is poured. This is one of the most ingenious things in the exhi bition, and will be exhibited at both the Sydney and Victorian Interaationial Exhibitions. A good deal of interest centred round the binding and reaping machines — some of which used wire, some string, in binding. The general opinion expressed by those who ought: to know was that the " real " binder was yet to come, and that next year we shonld see a decided improvement in this class of machines. To bind with string was confessedly an improvement on wire, bnt the object to be aimed at is to bind with straw, and this will be eventually dene. Next to a good binder, a good reaping- machine — one capable cf catting wet or dry, thick or thin, high or low, or all combined — is what is required, and this requirement has been filled by Johnston's Harvester, an Ameriean machine, which has beaten all England. At the Paris trial, cn a crop which had all the cha racteristics of that set forth above, it, in opes competition, with all the world, took the gold medal. It is, without doubt, the finest piece of mechanism poesible to conceive. It is a Bide delivery ; the sizo of the sheaf is at the will of the driver. The machine works almost noise lessly, is of all wrought- iron, and very light. (to be continued. ) 