Vixen. Chapter XX. THE VOW IS VOWED. ONLY a chosen few had been bidden to Mrs. Tempest's wedding. She had told all her friends that she meant everything to bo done very quietly. " There is so much that is saddening in my position," she said pensively. But she was re solved that those guests who were asked to lend their countenance to her espousals should be the very best people. Lord and Lady Ellangowan had been asked and had accepted, and their presence alone would lend dignity to the occasion. Colonel and Mrs. Carteret, from Copse Hall ; the Chopnells, of Chopnell Park ; and about half-a-dozen other re- presentative landowners and commoners made up the list. " There is such a satisfaction in knowing they are all the best people," Mrs. Tempest said to Captain Winstanley, when they went over the list together. His own friends were but two, Major Pontor son, his best man, and a clerical cousin, with a portly figure and a port-winey nose, who was to assist Mr. Scobel in the marriage service. It was a very pretty wedding, the neighbor- hood declared unanimously ; despite the absence of that most attractive feature in more youthful bridals-a string of girlish bridesmaids. The little church at Beechdale was a bower of summer flowers. The Abbey House conservatories had been emptied-the Ellangowans had sent a waggon-load of ferns and exotics. The atmos- phere was heavy with the scent of yellow roses and stephanotis. Violet stood among the guests, pale as marble; no gleam of color on her cheeks except the wavering hues reflected from the painted win- dows in the low gothic chancel-the ruddy gold of her hair shining under the vandyke hat with ita sweeping feather. She was the loveliest thing in that crowded church, whither people had come from ten miles off to see Squire Tempest's widow married ; but she had a spectral look in the faint light of the chancel, and seemed as strange an image at this wedding as the ghost of Don Ramiro at Donna Clara's bridal dance. Violet did not look like the malevolent fairy in the old story, but bIio had a look and air which told-everyone that this marriage was dis- tasteful to tier. When all was over and the register had been signed in the vestry, Captain Winstanley carno up to her, with both hands extended, before all the company. ** My dear Violet, I am your father now," he Baid. " You shall not find me wanting in my duty." She drew back involuntarily ; and then, seeing herself the focus of so many eyes, suffered him to touch the tips of her fingers. "You are very kind," she said. "A daughter can have but one father, and mine is dead. I hope you will be a good husband to my mother. That is all I can desire of you." All the best people heard this Bpeech, which was Bpoken deliberately, in a low clear voice, and they decided inwardly that, whatever kind of wife Captain Winstanley might have won for himself, be had found his match in his step- daughter. Now came the drive to the Abbey Houso, which had put on a festive air, and where smartly dressed servants were lending their smiles to a day which they felt to be tho end of a peaceful and comfortable era, and the beginning of an ago of uncertainty. It was like that day at Versailles when the Third Estate adjourned to the tennis court, and the French Revolution began. People -smiled, and were pleased at the new movement and expectancy in their lives, knowing not what was coming. " We are bound to bo livelier, anyhow, with a military master," said Pauline. " A little more company in the houBe wouldn't come amiss, certainly," Baid Miss Trimmer. " I should like to see our champagne cellar better stocked," remarked Forbes, the butler. " We're behind the times in onr sparkling wines." Captain Winstanley entered the old oak-pauol« led hall with his wife on his arm, and felt him- self master of such a house as a man might dream of all his life and never attain. Money could not have bought it. Taste could not have created it. The mellowing hand of time, the birth and death of many generations, had made it beautiful. The wedding-breakfast was as other wedding feasts. People ate and drank and made believo to be intensely glad, and drank moro sparkling wine than was good for them at that abnormal hour, and begf>n to feel sleepy before the speechos, brief as they were, had como to an end. The August sun shone in upon the banquet, the creams and jellies languished and collapsed iu the sultry air, The wedding cake was felt to be a nuisance. The cracker bonbons exploded faintly in the languid hands of the younger guests, and those ridiculous mottoes, which could hardly amuse anyone out of Earlswood Asylum, were looked at a shade more contemptuously than usual The weather was too warm for enthusiasm. And Violet's pale set face was almost as disheartening as the skeleton at an Egyptian banquet. When Mrs. Tempest retired to put on her travelling dress Violet went with her, a filial attention the mother had in no wise expected. "Dear girl," she said, squeezing her daughter's hand, " to-day is not to make the slighest dif- ference." " I hope not, mamma," answered Violot gravely ¡ "but on? can never tell what is ia the future, aod grant you may he happy I" " I'm Bure it will bo my own fault if I am not happy with Conrad," said tho wife of an hour, " and, oh, Violet I my constant prayer will be to see you more attached to him." Violet made no reply, and here happily Pauline brought the fawn-colored traveUing-dress, em broided with poppies and cornflowers in their natural colors, after the style of South Kensing- ton, a dress so distractingly lovely that it natur- ally put an end to serious conversation. The whole costume had been carefully thought out, a fawn-colored parasol, edged with ostrich feathers, a fawn-colored bonnet, fawn-colored hessian boots, fawn-colored Swedish glovea with ten buttons - all prepared for the edification of railway guards and porters, and Scotch innkeepers and their valetaille. Verily there are some games which seem hardly worth the candle that lights the players. And there was once upon a time an eccentric nobleman who was accounted maddest in that he made his wife dress herself from head to foot in one color. Other times other manners. Violet Btayed with her mother to the last, received the laßt embrace-a fond and tearful one-and watched the carriage drive away from the porch amidst a shower of rice. And then all was over. The best people were bidding her a kindly good-bye. Carriages drove up quickly, and in a quarter of an hour everyone was gono except the vicar and his wife. Vixen found her- self standing between Mr, and Mrs. Scobel, look ing blankly at the old hearth, where an artistic group_ of ferns and scarlet geraniums îeplaced the friendly winter fire, " Come and spend the evening with us, dear," said Mrs. Scobel kindly ; " it will be so lonely for you here." But Violet pleaded a headache, a plea which was confirmed by her pale cheeks and the dark rings round her eyes. ' I Bhall be better at home," she said. " 111 come and see you in a day or two, if I may." Come whenever you like, dear ; I wish you would come and stay with us altogether. Ignatius and I have been so pleased with your conduct to-day, and we have felt for you deeply, knowing what a conqueat you have made over yourself." The Reverend Ignatius murmured his acquies- cence. /'Poor mamma !" sighed Violet, " I am afraid I have been very unkind." Api then she looked absently round the old familiar hall, and her eye lighted on the squire's favorite chair, which still stood in its place by the hearth. Her eyes filled with sudden tears, bhe fancied she could see a shadowy figure sitting there. The squire in his red coat, his long hunt- ing whip across his knee, his honest lovinc face smihng at her. She squeezed Mrs. Scobel's friendly hand, toade her and the vicar a hurried good-bye, and ran out of the room, leaviDg them lookinK after her pityingly. "Poor girl," said the vicar's wife, " how keenly she feels it I" . Ah !" Bighed the vicar, " I have never been Mi favor of second marriages. The widow is hasbïniA0' ,r«P»i»li6l"ns "Visen" in Queensland happier if sha so afcide, after my judgment, as St. Paul says.1' Vixen sailed Argr.s and went up to her room, followed by that faithful companion. When she had shut and locked her door, she flung herself on the ground, regardless of Madame Theodore's masterpiece, and clasped her arms round the dog's thick neck, and buried her face iu his soft hide. " Oh, Argus, I have not a friend in the world but you 5" she-sobbed. Chaptbii XXI. HTO.R TO T1IK KNIFE. A stranee stillness came upon the Abbey House after Mrs. TempeBt's wedding. Violet received a few 'invitations and morning calls from friends who pitied her solitude ; but the best peoplo were for the mo3t part away from home in August and September ; tome no farther than BoKrnomouth or Weymouth ; others roam- ing the mountainous districts of Europe in search of the picturesque or the fashionable. Violet did not want society. S"e made ex- cuses for refusing all invitations. The solitude of her life did not afflict her. If it could have continued for ever, if Captain Winstanley and her mother could havo wandered about the earth, and left her in peaceful possession of the Abbey HouBe, with the old servants, old horses, old dogs, all things undisturbed as iu her father's time, she would lhave been happy. It was the idea of change, a new and upstart master in her father's place, -which tortured her. Any delay which kept off rthat evil hour was a blessed relief ; but, alas'! the «vii hour was coming, it was close at hand, inevitable. That autumn proved ex- ceptionally fine. Scotland cast aside her mantle of miat and cloud, and dressed herself in sun- shine. The Trossachs blossomed as the rose. Gloomy gray glens and mountains put on an apparel of light. Mrs. Tempest wrote her daughter rapturous letters about the tour. "We move about very alowly," Bho said, "bo as not to fatigue nee. Conrad's attention is more than words can describe. I can Bee that eveu the waiters are touched by it. He telegraphs beforehand to all the bótelo, so that we have always the best rooms. He thinks nothing too good for me. It is çuita saddening to see n herd of travellers sent away, houseless, every evening. The fine weather is bringing crowds to the High- lands. We could not have travelled at a more favorable time. We have had only a few showers, but in one, on Loch Katrine, my poor fawn colored dress suffered. The scarlet of the poppies ran into the blue of the cornflowers. Is it not a pity ? I was quite unconscious of what was going on at the time ; and afterwards, when I discovered it, I could have shed tears. " I hope when you marry, darling, you will come to Scotland for your honeymoon. The mountains seem to appeal to one's highest feel- ings. There are ponies, too, for the ascent : which is a great comfort if one is wearing pretty boots. And you know, Violet, my idea that a woman Bhould be essentially feminine in every detail. I nevor could bring myself to wear the horrid clump- solea which Borne women delight in. They seem to me to indicate that strong- minded and masculine character which I detest. Such women would want the suffrage, and to have the learned professions thrown open to thom. I meet ladies-or, at last, persons calling them selves such-in horrid waterproof- costumes and with coarse cloth hats. Hidoousness could go no farther. And, though I regret the loss of my fawn-color, I can but remember with satisfaction what Theodore always says to me when sho shows me one of her chef d'oeuvres : ' Mrs. Tem- pest, it is a dress fit for a lady.' There are scandalous wretches who declare that Theodore bogan life as a kitcbenmaid in an Irish inn, but I, for one, will never believe it. Such taste as hers indicates a refined progéniture." With such letters as these did Mrs. Winstanley comfort her absent daughter. Vixen replied as best she might, with scraps of news about the neighbors, rich and poor, the dogs, horses, and garden. It was hateful to her to have to direct her letters to Mrs. Winstanley. The days went on. Vixen rode from early morning till noon, and rambled in the forest for the best part of the afternoon. She used to take her bookB there, and sit for hours reading on a mossy bank under one of the boughy beeches, with ArguB at her feet. The dog was company enough for her. She wanted no one bettor. At home tho old servants were more or less friends -their faces always pleasant to Bee. Some of them had lived with her grandfather ; most of them had served her father from the time he in herited his estate. The squire had been the most conservative and indulgent of masters ; always liking to Bee the old faces. Tho butlor was old, and even on his underling's bullet-head the gray hairs were beginning to show. Mrs. Trimmer was at least sixty, and had been got ting annually bulkier for the last twenty years. The kitcbenmaid was a comfortable-looking per Bon of forty. There was an atmosphere of do- mestic peace in the offices of the Abbey House which made everybody fat. It was only by watchfulnoss and tight lacing that Pauline pre- served to herself that grace of outline which she spoke of in a general way as " figure." " And what a mite of a waist 1 had when I first went out to service !" sho would say pathe- tically. But Paulino was now in Scotland, harassed by unceasing cares about travelling- bags, bonnet boxes, and extra wraps, and uuder-valuiag Ben Nevis as not worth half tho trouble that was taken to go and look at him. The gardeners were gray headed, and remem- bered potting the first fuchsia- slip3 that ever came to the Forest. They had no gusto for new fangled ideas about cordon fruit trees or root pruning. They liked to go their own way, as their fathers and grandfathers had done before them ; and, with unlimited supplies of manure, they were able to produce excellent cucumbere by the 1st of May, ora fair dish of asparagus by about the Bame time. If their produce was late it was because nature went against them, They could not command the winds, or tell the sun that he muBt shine. The gardens at the Abbey House were beautiful, but nature had done more for them than the squire's old gardeners. The same rose-trees budded and bloomed year after year ; the Bame rhododendrons and azaleas opened their big bunches of bloom. Eden could havo hardly owed less to culture, The noble old cedars, the méditerai yews, needed no gardener's hand. There was a good deal of weeding, and mowing, and rolling done from week's end to week's end : and the borders were beautified by banks of geranium and golden calceolaria, and a few other old-fashioned flowers ; but scientific horticulture there was none. A few alterations had been begun under Captain Winstanley's direc- tions ; but the work languished in his absence. It was the beginning of September, and the travellers were expected to return within a few days-the exact date of their arrival not being announced. The weather was glorious, warmer than it had been all through the Bummer ; and Vixen spent her life out of doors. Sad thoughts haunted her less cruelly in the great wood. There was a brightness and Ufe in the forest which cheered her. It was pleasant to see Argus' enjoyment of the fair weather ; his wild rushes in among the underwood ; his pursuit of invisible vermin under the thick holly-bushes, the brambles and bracken ; his rapturous rolling in the dewy grass where he flung himself at full length and rolled over and over, and leaped a3 if he had been revelling in a bath of freshest water; pleasant to see him race up to a serious-minded pig, and scrutinise that stolid animal closely, and then leave him to his sordid researches after edible root3, with open contempt, as who should say : " Can the Bame scheme of creation include me and that vulgar brute ?" All things had been set in order for the return of the newly married couple. Mrs. Trimmer had her dinner ready to be put in hand at a moment's notice. Violet felt that the end of her peaceful Ufe was very near. How would she bear the change ? How would she be able to behave herself decently? Well she would try her best, Heaven giving her strength. That was her last resolve. She would not make the poor frivolous mother unhappy. " Forgive me, beloved father, if I am civil to the usurper," Bhe Baid. "It will be for my mother's Eake. You were always tender and in- dulgent to her ; you would not like to see her unhappy." These were Vixen's thoughts one bright Sep- tember morning, as Bhe sat at her lonely little breakfast-table in the sunny window of her den, with Argus by her side, intensely watchful of every morsel of bread-and-butter she ate, though he had already been accommodated with half the loaf. She was more amiably disposed than usual this morning. She Had made up her mind to mike the best of a painful position. " E e&all; always hate him," she told herself, meaniog Captain Winstanley ; " but I will begin a careor of Christian-like hypocrisy, and try to make other people believe that I like him. No, Argus,'" as the big paw tugged her arm pleadingly, " no 5 now really this is sheor greediness. You can't bo hungry." A piteous whino, as of a dog on the brink of starvation, aeemed to gainBay her. Just then, the door opened, and the middle-aged footman entered. " Oh, if you please, miss, Bates says would yon like to see Bullfinch ?" " To see Bullfinch ?" echoed Vixen. " What's the matter ? Is he ill ? Is he hurt ?" ?" No, miss ; but Bates thought as how may be you'd like to seo 'un before he goes away. He's sold." Vixen turned very pale. She started up, and stood for a few moments silent, with her strong young bands clenched, just as she gripped them on the reins sometimes when Arion was running «way with her aud there were bogs iu front. ?"I'll como," she said, in a half-suffocated voice. " He baa sold my father's horse after all," she said to herself, as she went towards the stables. " Then I shall hate him openly all my life. Yes, everybody shall know that I hate him." She found the stables in some commotion. There were two strangers, gloomy-lookiug men, standing in front of Bullfinch's loose-box, and all the Btablemeu had como out of their various holes, and were standing about. Bates looked grave aud indignant. ?" There isn't a ûuer horse in tho county," he nauttered ; " it's a shame to send him out of it" Visen walked straight up to the strauge mou, who touched their caps, and looked at her ad- miringly ; her dark blue cloth dress fitted her like a riding-habit, her long white throat wa« bare, her linen collar tied loosely with a black ribbon, her chestnut hair wound into a crown of plaits at the top of her head. The severe simpli- city <?f her dress set off her fresh young beauty. " She's the prettiest chestnut filly I've seen for a long time," one of the grooms said of her after- wards. " Thoroughbrod to tho tips of her ears." "Who has bought the horse ?" she asked authoritatively. "My master, Lord Mallow, miss," answered the superior of the men. "You needn't bo anxious about him ; be'U have a rare good home." " Will you let me seo tho order for taking him away !" " Your groom has got it, miss." Bates showed her a sheet of paper on which Captain Winstanley had written : Trossnc'e Hotel, September 1,1870. Tile bay horw, llullilndi, is to bu deinem!, with clothing, Aw., ia lion! Mallow's groom. C WlNSTANLlY. Vixen perused this paper with a countenance full of suppressed rage. " Does your master give much money for this horse ?" she asked, turning to the groom. " I haven't heard how much, mies." Of course the man knew the sum to a penny. "But I beliove it's a tidyish lot." " I don't BuppoBe I have as much monoy in the world," Baid Vixen, " or I'd buy my father's horse of Captain Winstanley, since he is so badly in want of money, and keep him at a farm." " I beg your pardon, miss," said tho groom, " but the boas is sold. My master has paid his money. He's a friend of Captain Winstauloy's. They met somewhere in Scotland the other day, and my lord bought the horse on hearsay ; and I must say I don't think he'll be disappointed in him." " Where aro you going to take him." " WeU, it's rather an awkward journey acroa« country. We're going to Melton. My lord is going to hunt tho boss in October, if ho turns out to my lord's satisfaction." " You aro going to tako him by rail ?" " Yes, misB." " Ho has never been by rail in his life. It will kill him !" cried Vixou alarmed. " Oh, no, it won't, miss. Don't bo frightoued about bim. We shall havo a padded box and everything tip-top. Ho'U bo as snug and as tight as a sardine in its case. We'll got him to Leicestershire as fresh as paint." Vixen went into the loose-box, where Bull- finch, all uuconscious of his fato, wsb idly munching a mouthful of upland meadow hay. She pulled down his noble head, and laid her cheek against his broad forehead, and lot her tears rain on him unheeded. There was no one to see her in that dusky lose-box. Tho grooms wero clustered at the stable-door, talking to- gether. She was free to lingor over hor parting with the horse that her father had loved. Sho wound her arms about his arched neck, and let him lick her hand. " Oh, Bullfinch, havo you a memory ? Will you be Borry to find yourBolf in a strango stable?" she asked, looking into the animal's full soft eyes with a pathotic earnestness in her own. She dried her tears presently ; bIio was not going to make herself a spectacle for the scornful pity of stablemen. She carno out of the looso box with a serene countenance, and went up to Lord Mallow's groom. " Please be kind to him," she said, dropping a sovereign into the man's ready hand. " No fear of that, miss," ho said ; " thoro are very few Christians that havo as good a time of it as our 'osseB." That sovereign, taken in conjunction with tho donor's beauty, quite vanquished Lord Mallow's groom and very nearly bought Violet Tempest a coronet. Bullfinch was led out presently, looking Uke a king ; but Violet did not stop to seo him go away. Sho could hardly havo borne that. Sho ran back to the house, put on her hat and jacket, called Argus, and set out for a long ramble to walk down, if possible, the angry devil within her. No ; this she would never forgive-this sale of her father's favorite horse. It waB as if some creature of her own flesh and blood had been sold into slavery. Her mother was rich, would squander hundreds on fine dresBes, and would aUow her dead husband's horse to be sold. "Is Captain Winstanley Buch a tyrant that mamma cannot proveut this shameful thing ?" she asked herself. " She talks about his atten- tion, his devotion, as if ho were at her feet : and yet she suffers him to disgrace her by this un- paralleled meanness !" [to de continued.] A PHYSICAX, finding a lady reading "Twelfth Night," said, " When Shakespeare wrote about patience on a monument, did he mean doctors' patients?" "No," she answered ; "you don't find them on monuments, but under them." The Origin op Surnames.-The law of sur- names may be concisely stated ; there is none at alL But neveitheless, though there is no positive law on the subject, it may not bo uninteresting to enquire into the usages which have arisen during the course of time, and which stand in the place of legal enactment. The use of sur- names is an institution which has grown up so gradually, and has fulfilled its purpose so un- obtrusively and well, that it has entirely escaped the attention of the legislature. There íb one positive enactment only concerning the assump- tion of surnames, and it refers to a very limited district. In the fourth year of Edward IV. an Act waa passed compelling every Irishman that lived within the English palo to " go like an Englishman in apparel and shaving of his beard above his mouth ;" to " be within one year sworn liegeman of the King ;" and " to tako to him an English surname of a town, as Sutton, Chester, Trim, Skyrne, Corke, Kinsale ; or color, as White, Blacke, Browne ; or art or sciences, as Smith, Carpenter ; or office, as Cooke, Butler ; and that he and his issue shall use this name under pain of forfeiting his goods yearly till the premises be done." With this exception, surnames originally were assumed by, or became attached to, in- dividuals at their own pleasure, as soon as the insufficiency of the christian name to mark a person's identity became recognised. In olden times the christian name was all-important ; sur- names did not not come into general use until the middle of the fourteenth century. In Wales, indeed, even until the seventeenth century many of the highest families retained a system of patronymics which formed a complete genealogy without containing any surname at alL The in- dexes to our old historical books, such as the Chronicles and Dugdale's " Monasticon," are by christian names. This importance probably arose from the fact that it was the name conferred at the reügiouB rite of baptism, while the surname was a chance designation which might be given on account of a great variety of reasons, and which might or might not prove permanent, and be handed down to a man's family. "Special heed," says Coke, " is to be taken to the name of baptism, as a man cannot have two, though he may have divers surnames,"-Gentleman's Maga- zine, 