V HOBBIES. ? ? ' Of all the various hobbies in,;which . . men of mark have- interested themselves, perhaps no one has been so common as gardening;' f Even monarohd, from Diocletian to thn present Sul. tan of Turkey: or the King of Bavaria, seem to have found greater pleasure in cultivating fruits and flowers than in tho exorcise of regal power. Every ? sohoolboy has heard of those famous oabbages, the sight of whioh Dioolotian firmly believed would reconcile his old colleagues to nis mas or .umpire ; anu future readers of European history will probably be duly im proaaed with the faot that while the Rus sian» were thundering almost at the very gates of Constantinople, tho Father of tho Faithful was placidly engaged in the formation of a new orangery. Pope used to say he was prouder of his garden than of his poemu, and a similar pride is said to possesa'the most popular of transatlantic preachers and locturors, who apparently spends no inoonsid erablo portion of the inoomo derived 'from his oratorical efforio in making good the ios8»s en tailed by his amateur gardening and farming. It was to the hobhy of -i Scotch duke princi pally that we owe tho richness of .colouring so peculiar to our modern landscape in autumn, he having' taken very inuob the same interest in the introduction and acclimatisation of foreign trees and shrubs that Dr. Compton, a former Bishop of London, displayed in the. im- portation of the choicest exotic plants and flowers. The ' father of exotic planting in England' is the title whioh tho' bishop's nobby was the means of conferring on him, and the va6t collections at Kew and the splendid shows of the Horticultural Society maybe re garded as the latest reBults of this venerable Churchman's pastime. When monarchs nave taken to gardening it has aomelimea been car ried on in truly regal fashion. Cyrua- is said to have planted all Asia Minor, and he had' a. Bplendid estate more particularly under hia own supervision. ' Never when my health per inita,' wrote that princej 'do I dine until I h»re laboured two hours in my garden.' Not a few men who have acquired a taste for gar dening have become so enamoured of their hobby that they have cau' ed themselveB to be buried in the spots on which they spent so manyploaB.nt hours. Sir William Temple, though anticipating that his body would find a retting place in Westminster Abbey, ordered rjis heurt to be enoloBed iu a silver casket and ; buried io hia garden. 1 iJioat men who have commanded sufficient energy of character to attain pominonco in the vorld htT9 OHKiTftted some eorf pf recreative taate. Milton and Lutner practised inusid in tho intervals of their turbulent publio lives. Charles V., in his seclusion at Yusti loved nothing better than to spend an afternoon with the mechanical inventions of Torricelli. Of GustavuB Vasa it was said that a better labourer never struck steel ; and Mahomed rather prided himself on hia dexterity in mend ing his o*n shoes and making his own pan taloons. Charles IX. was enthusiastically fond of a blacksmith's occupation, and was something of a poet too. Domitian gave especial atten tion to all matters pertaining to the hair, upon which he ultimately wrote a volume. Conatantine, whoae main function in life may be supposed to be kingcraft, had a remarkable number of hobbies- so, remarkable, indeed, that it may be doubtful whether in a meaner man his versatility would not have been con eidored fatal to any considerable success in any one of his many lines. Besides being an au thor, he was a painter of very respectable ability— so, at least, the great 'man's critics affirmed— an excellent architect, a nerfrwmnr and composer of sacred music, and, besidoi all this, was a skilful metallurgist and a first-rate ship-builder. Louis XIII. was ^othor Royal rider of hobbies, though his hobbies could hardly be said to hear on them the stamp of Royalty. Indeod, hia epitaph itself declarea that — . . II elt cent vertns rle vulot ' ; ' -,.-. Et pas une do maiti'o. ? ? It is true that he painted a little, arid was said to be no indifferent composor, but then lie found a peculiar gratification in emulating his own oooks and gardohera. He could force greeu poan and lard joints of moat with any of them, and no doubt his courtiers took care to bestow the proper applause on such glorious' achievements. Stimulated to still further enterprise, Louis noxt turned hia attention to the barber's art, and one day took it into Mb head to shuve all the officers about him. 'This ho did, leaving only a small tuft of hair on each man'a chin. Whether the Court ap plauded tl.ia now phase of the Royal ver satility, unfortunately, history has not recorded, oo far »3 wo know. Of versatile monarchs per hap« Maximilian I. was the most remarkublo specimen. Ho was no mere dabbler in many subjects, but an able writer on military mutters, on heraldry, on horticulture, on horses, archi-. teoture, oooking, morala, falconry, and fishing. Fishing has been tho hobby of many a notable man. Paley waB so enthusiastically fond of the pastime that he refused to have his portrait painted in any oharaotor but that of tho fisher, man. The gentle George Herbert was another eager fisherman, and so wore Wottoh and Ory den. Mr. John Bright's pixoatorial achieve ments have become almoat as familiar to the publio as Mr. Gladstone's tree-foiling hobby, or Mr. Lowe's bioyolo- riding'. ' PEilip, Duke of Burgundy, found hia recreation in the oontrivanoe of such -whimsical - sur prises aa were to be found in. the country houae of Mr. 'Winstanley, the unlucky pro jector and builder of a lighthouse on the Eddy atone rook. This house must have been a charming place for a . nervous and uninitiated guest to stay in for a night, 'you phoed your foot in a slipper iu your bedroom, and a ghost started up on the hearthrug; you sat down in an eagy-ohair, and. were mads prisoner in its arms; you sought the shado of an arbour, and wero set afloat on a canal.' Many ingenious individuals have indulged in .^va garies of this Bort. The father of the famous Mian Edgeworth waB ono of ' thorn, through most of his mechanical con trivances seem to have had a more sensible pur poBS thun Winstanley'a. They were planned mainly lor the purpose of making the ordinary urts of life sub.iorvo other and unforeseen uses, saya Sir Henry Holland.' Tho mere opening und shutting certain doors, for instance, set in motion machinery for winding-up clocks, or raising weights, in distant parta of tho honso. Many mnn have been proud-ir of thoir hubbies than of their regular avooatioriB in life, us wo hnvo Rcen that Popo was. It was bo, ns doubt, in tho «»8G of Winutanloy, who was a silk mer chant on Ludgate Hill. What sort of a busi ness man he considered himself we do not know, but that ho had unbounded faith in his me chanical genius the story of his lighthouse abundantly proves. While it was cer tainly a marvellous display of ingenuity, full of all ?; sorts of quosr contrivan ces for doing thingB of minor importance, it wan in its main features just about all that a lighthouse should not be, presenting innu merable angles and projections that might have been designed for catching the full power of the hurricane and breasting tho unbroken might of the billows. Yet its urohitoot had unbounded confidence in its stability, and hoped that he might be in it when the fiercest of storms beat about it. An it happened, Bingularly enough, he hud his wish, und, as everybody has heard, his mochuuical hobby oost him hia life.— Globe. Fuom tho Tenlerfield Star of Juno 7 wo gather the following :— ' yn Thursday morning last information was brought into town that a lar^o shed ut Clifton Btaliou, the property of Mr.-R. Lawsou, had been burnt to tho ground on Wed nesday night. Wo underatund that the shed in quoation contained about four tons of, hay, whioh was all destroyed. A hut near tho plauo was also robbed of some rations. It ia not known how the fire occurred, but wo under stand there are some reasona for supposing it to be tho dftBtiirdly act of nn incondiary.' 