THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. ..." " (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR IU01iT£, AND OUR. 21K30UR0E8. SANDHURST. THURSDAY, MAR. 20, 1S79. THE BOEDER POLICE. Our readers are" aware that a prize fight lias been arranged between Hicken and Foley, ancl that within the past week or two the police have: been very actively engaged in endeavoring to prevent the contemplated " bruising match." The Aldinga, it will be remembered, had been chartered to convey these men, with their backers and a numerous company, to King's Island, where the fight was to have taken place. As the vessel was only licensed to ply within the Bay, however, the authori ties were enabled to prevent her from pro ceeding on her intended trip. Thus the intentions of the P.R. were for the time frustrated. The next thing we hear is that the principals in this affair, with a num ber of their friends, have arrived at Echuca witli the undisguised purpose of crossing the frontier,.in order to elnde the police of this colony. Whilst we disclaim any sympathy whatever with proceedings of this descrip tion, and most earnestly wish to see the brutality of prize fighting put down, still, as it is evident that a number of determined men have resolved that the fight shall take place, somewhere or other, we think tlie border police of both colonies would be better employed in solving tlie great Gunbower problem as to whether the Kelly's really are in the reed beds in that locality or not. It is several weeks now since it was reported that four men, believed to be identical with the Ivollys, with horses answering the description of those ridden by them at Jerilderie, had been seen on that small slip of land in mid Murray known as Gunbower meats,' have been employed in hunting these men up without any results whatever except'Causing a stupid hoax to be played off on the public. Telegrams were pub lished yesterday stating that Foley and Hicken, with their seconds, principal backers, and others interested, had 011 Tuesday night arrived in Echuca with the presumed intention of cross ing into New South Wales to bring oft' I the fight, and that the Echuca and Moama police were on the alert, all the crossing places, trains leaving, etc., being closely watched. ' Iii the very same issue in which these telegrams are published, appear others, stating that there are strong reasons for believing' that the Kellys are still about Gunbower. ' Telegrams' of the IStli instant inform us that four horses have been found turned adrift on this now famous island of Gun bower in a fatigued state from over riding. Further, that four armed mounted men, answering the description of the outlaws, were lurking about in tho neighborhood of Kerang, which is only some few miles dis tant ' from Gunbower. Our correspondent relates circumstantially how several horses in an exhausted state, had been found abandoned tliero, and presenting everv appearanco of having just come oil a long and fatiguing journey. It is added confidently that there . is overy reason to believe this statement, and the sar castic remark is appended, that this " will tend to show that the bushrangers can balile the police as well on the flat country as on the Strathbogie ranges." We aro almost in clined to hold tlie same opinion if the state ments referred to are correct; for who are these people, these Kelly-like men and horses, wlio have been roaming round the district during the past eight or ton weeks I How is it that tliey have been able to elude the vigilance of the police, even though the ■latter tell us that they havo searched tlie island and tho district from end to end ? Where there is so much smoke tile to must surely bo some fire. Have the police been withdrawn from the search of that part of the country I There is a very general belief, with really reasonable grounds for if, that ' the Kellys arc making down tho Murray, as opportunity niters. fur South Australia! If the mou who at'e Continually show ing themselves in that, quarter. and aro said to be well mounted ami fully armed, are not the veritable Strathbogie ruffians, win is some account not given of them by the police ? If the Kellys aro too clever for tlie members of the force, surely it does not require the loan of a lot of black trackers from Queensland to hunt down three or four ordinary swajmon. It seems to us to be of infinitely greater importance that tiie border police should be employed in looking for these men at Gunbower than ill vainly en deavoriug to stop the inevitable brutality of two men who sooner or later will, no doubt, find au opportunity of battering one another's countenances out of sliape. If the scandalous affair could be prevented we should be only too glad to find the police directing their energies to this end, but we fear it cannot, and consequently the work that should bo duiio on the Lower Murray should be considered paramount at the present moment. Lei it be fully understood that no one can more strongly deprecate aiij-thing in the way of prize lighting than do we, and that we are not at all upholding the proceedings of Hielcen, Foley, and their friends. What we insist on is that it is of far more import ance fo the community that the Gunbower mystery should be cleared up than that ihc time of the police should be vainly wasted in limiting these "bruisers" from one end of the colony to the other. We are glad to see them exerting themselves in tie cause >>f morality, but at the present moment wo understand the members of what is called the " *»irtin£ party" are parading the streets < \- l Eehuca, and arc talking of chartering a steamer and pi-cecding down the river, posssibly with \ the intention of joining the iSellys at Gun bower, to whom the "sport" would, no doubt, bo exceedingly congenial. Wo should not be at all surprised to ho.iv that, in spite of all the vigilance of l-Ua police on both fiides of the river, the match had not only come oil', but that the "Mansfield murderers had been amongst Hie spectators and backer.-!. Seriously speaking, it must be admitted on all hands that the energy seemingly shown in watching- tlie.se people might be more profitably directed in prosecuting the search for tho bushrangers, It must bo understood that our remarks aro intended to apply to the Border police alone, who ought to be (lie pick of the police forces of tho two colonies for tracing bush criminals. We do not wish to suggest or imply that all lawlessness and crime are to bo disregarded until tho capture of tho Kelly gang has been ell'ected, but we do say that those men who are stationed on the frontier, to whom it is an Utter disgrace that the fellows appearing every now and again at Gunbower have not been found by them, should bo kept at their work until it is accom plished. Any members of the general force, from Melbourne or elsewhere, can watch a party of men whom they have at present in sight, and with whom there is not the smallest fear of any fatal encounter. Tin; Bank I!atk.—The Aye of yesterday tii13 the following:—"It is rumored on good autho rity that the associated banks' have come to a secret but bona jiik agreement., which i.s to be adhered to under penalties, that after the 1st of next June 110 fresh deposits are to he taken at a higher rate of interest than -1 per cent. This is a Wise determination 011 their part, as the large balauco of the loiui, sitter paying for the Hobson's 13;iy Hue, anil the ±'480,000 advanced to the Government, will amount to about £1,700,000, and will then be lying in their hands at i per cent, interest." The Herald, of last night, referring to the paragraph, says that it has inquired into the matter, and has ascer tained that there is no foundation for the state ment of the Age. " No arrangement of the kind has. been spoken of or even contemplated by the associated banks." Tub Diamond Drill.—There was no further boring operations carried 011 at the diamond drill at the Great Southern lease yesterday as it was found 011 withdrawing the rods 011 Tuesday evening,"that some of the old diamonds lost some time back had again made their presence unpleasantly apparent.'" It will be re membered that on Monday four or five of the diamonds were recovered and. some pieces of those which had been crushed were washeil np with the saud, but as there were, some .dozen or so lost out of the "bits" at various times, there still remaiued a few in the hole, which it is thought had got washed into the crevices of the bore. Apparently two of these found their way back into the bore hole 011 Tuesday, and left their marks on the end of the rods at the junction of the " bit " with the core barrel. Mr, Newman imme diately suspended boring operations, aud en deavored to get the diamonds up, but had not succeeded yesterday evening. He, however, expects to be successful in recovering them to day, and resume boring operations. The " bit" used on Tuesday, which bored, 19 feet, was not injured, and is still available for boring, besides which other "bits!' are on hand, so that no stoppage on that score need bo anticipated. The Industrial Exhibition.—From a visit paid to the IndustriaVJSxhibition yesterday, we were glad to;see.that good progress has been made in arranging the exhibits, during the last few days, i: The' Town Hall- is: asjumiug the aspect of a vast picture gallery, and when all the pictures are hung,' the models of the: Parlia mentary buildings, fixed, the large fountain'in the centre of tile hall now being erected, ' and the hall.lighted up with gas, it will present; a very handsome appearance. The exhibition building proper also looks well, the gas pipes ■have been gilded, the tables which are fixed nearly the whole length of the building are well covered with exhibits of all descriptions, almost from a needle to an anchor. Several of our local merchants are busy arranging their show cases, many at them being very haudsome ones, especially Mr. Henry Jackson's, in which there will be a fine display of plated and cutlery ware, etc. Messrs. \Y. H. Kocke aud Co., of Mel bourne, . have assistants here, arranging au elegant selection of choice furniture, etc. The >e a sepa l-ate stand containing wine exhibits from Mr. A. Bruhn, together with the medals and cups won by that geutlemau in competition. The stand, the framework of which was placed in the building yesterday, will have six glass sides, aud it will doubtless present a very attractive appearance. The pyramid has been fixed in its place at the Williamson-street entrance. All thiugs considered good progress has been made during the last,few days, and if the remaining exhibits are sent forward at once, 110 doubt everything will be properly arranged by the opening day 011 Wednesday next, as all hauds are now working until ton p.m. The Public Health.—The vital statistics for the month of February show that the public health is in a fairly satisfactory condition, the number of deaths registered having been GO, or 11 less than those of the preceding month. The births during the month numbered 10S, the deaths being thus exceeded by 4S. Of the births six ivere illegitimate. Of the deaths 13 occurred in the hospital, and two in the Bene volent Asylum. We observe that though the deaths from all causes showed a general decrease in February, the deaths from typhoid fever in creased from three to six, and those from cancer from one to five. A Lunatic.—A man of herculean proportions created some alarm in M'lvor street yesterday by his peculiar behavior in the Bricklayers' Arms Hotel, and as his actions pointed to the suppo sition that ho was suffering from an aberration of intellect, he was given into the custody of Constable Cullen ou a charge of insanity. Ou bringing him to the lockup no particulars as to his name or antecedents could be clicited from him, and Senior-constable Balfour came to the conclusion, from his appearance aud other sig nificant signs, that he had not long been dis charged from one of Her Majesty's gaols. The lockup-keeper sent Constable Cullen to make inquiries of Mr, Gale, and found, rtfter furnishing a description of the man, that he had been discharged from the gaol that morning. His name is Murdoch M'Leod, and some suspicions of his insanity were entertained by the gaol authorities, but the symptoms were not sufficiently pronounced to warrant any steps bsing taken to have him restrained. His recent conduct, it is con sidered, leaves 110 room for doubting that he is out of his miud. He will be brought before the city bench this morning, charged as a lunatic. In connection with the affair, it may be mentioned that the otl'ence for which M'Leod was incarcerated in the Sandhurst Gaol was for a simple larceny, he having been sentenced to two months' imprisonment for stealing a blanket and other articles from the lockup at Swan Hill, The brneh of magistrates before whom the case was tried at Swan Hill had some suspicions regarding the man's mental condition at the time, and were divided in opinion m to what should b'.' done with him, but eventually sent him (0 gar V.\LEl>irroi;Y Tka A social tea meeting was held last evening ill the Calvin street United Methodist I'tee Church lor the purpose of bidding farewell to the Uev. A. T. Glasson, who has been pastor of the church during the paat three years, and who takes his departure for Ballarat at the end of the month. The proceedings weie of a private iwlure. About 100 persons sat down to a nicely laid out tea in the church, and after the viands had been discussed, a meeting of members of the congregation was held. .Mr. Henry Lee occu pied the elixir, aud in his opening address paid a high tribute to the universal love and respect in which Mr. Glasson was held by his flock, aud said that he was sure that he ex pressed, the opinion of the entire con gregation wheu lie stated that Mr. Glas son's departure was regarded with universal regret. The Itev. Mr. Carlton, of Toolleen, the llev. Mr. Uglow, and Mr. W. Seecombe, ad dressed the meeting shortly, and bore testimony to the high estimation in which Mr. Gla-sson was held. The chairman then made a presen tation of a very handsome writing desk, the gift of the ladies of the .congregation, to remind -\lr. Glasson of the esteem in which he was held as pastor of the church. The rev. gentleman thanked the ladies for the Mattering mark of their esteem, and said he would ever remember the members of his con gregation with kindly feeling. During his pastorship he was pleased to say that the debt on the church had not been increased one shilling, while great improvements had been made to the building. He took no credit fortius, how ever, as it was maiuly due to the strenuous en deavors of the ladies of the congregation who hail worked iudefatigably to raise means to make the church more comfortable. The usual votes of thanks terminated the proeeediugs. D'Akcv Head's Gnosr.—There was again a large attendance at the Masonic Hall last night, when another of Mr. D'Arcy Head's exceed ingly amusing ghost entertainments was given. Tin: audience, by their repeated applause, evinced a warm appreciation of the performance. To-night there will be another change of pro gramme, wheu "Temptation," "The Chinese Dancer-,'' and "The Haunted House" will be presented. The contractors for the Warrenheip and Gordon railway expect io have the line ready or traffic by the 7th of usxt month. Tiiu Eciiuca Races).—The annual meeting of the ICchnca Kaces takes plaUa to-nloiTow (Vn dayh A capital programme his been provided, which will doubtless attract large iields of horses and a large contingent of sporting gentle men from here. Huntly Shire Water Supply.—Through the United efforts of the farmers and others be tween Matchctt's, at Ilunt'.y, where the branch eluinnel from the Spring Gully reservoir ends, and Sandy Creek, an extension of the water supply lias been secured. A water race has been cut from Matohett'a through Duffy's farm, around the hill over which the main road goes to O'li'arrell's, a distance of one mile and a halt, where it connects with the main Murray road, down tile table drains of which tlie water of the Coliban was flowing 011 Tuesday to Sandy Creek. One million gal lons of water was supplied to the farmers, which was au inestimable boon as the supply for cattle was running very short. By constructing a short /lume across Sandy Creek, water can be supplied to the farmers in the northern and eastern parts of tile shire even to Uoovnoiig, as it will in most eases ilow along tlio table drains of the roads without any cheek for a long distance; so the farmers will have themselves to blame if they neglect obtaining a copious supply, which can be done at so little cost. F01 irrigation purposes the opportunity now available is one which should be eagerly seized upon by those interested. City Police Court.—Messrs. Holdsworth and Anderson, Js.P., presided at this court yes terday, but the business brought before them was of a very unimportant character. A man named John lvitching was charged witli having' been drunk and disorderly at Kangaroo Flat 011 the previous evening, and also with having made use of indecent language in a public street. For tlio iirst offence he was find 10s., with 3s. coats, or soven days' imprisonment, and for the second offence £1 or one month's imprisonment. Angelina .Emperor was charged with being a disorderly person and having behaved in a riotous manner 011 the ltith just. The evidence showed that the woman 011 the evening inquest-ion had been avi'ustea in ai/ivov street, ami that she was very drunk and dis orderly. Mr. Motteram, who appeared for the defendant, cl.iiniod jier discharge, as it had uofc been proved that aho was a dis orderly character within the meaning of tile Act, or that she had behaved in a riotous manner. The bench said there certainly was a doubt about the case, and the prisoner would got the benetit of it, but they cautioned her not to be brought up again, or she would be severely punished. In the debt case J. I\ Lewis v, II. Davies, for goods, .work and J.ibor done and material provided, £7 7s., a verdict was given for the amount claimed with as. costs, and the court adjourned. Judge Bisuox.—Our Melbourne correspon dent writes:—" I regret to learn that his Honor Judge Bindon's state of health is still so unsatis factory that his medical advisers have absolutely forbidden him to resume his official duties for some considerable time to come. Under these circumstances the Government has decided to continue to make use of the services of Mr. Lcech as acting judge in Mr. Bindon's place for the next three mouths, and to extend the sick leave of Judge Bindon for that time." SUDDEN DEATH OF AN INFANT - On Tuesday, whilst at Dunolly, it was reported to Mr. Strickland, by Mounted-constable Timothy, that the infant child of Mrs. Miller, of the Serpentine, had died suddenly. Mr. Strickland directed a magisterial inquiry to be held, and returned to Sandhurst on Tuesday evening. The constable, however, was unable to obtain the services of a magistrate to hold the inquiry, and he accordingly telegraphed to that effect to Mr. Strickland, who left yesterday morning for the Serpentine to hold an inquest in the afternoon, and he will return to Sandhurst this morning. The Funeral oe the Late Mr. Barnett. —Yesterday afternoon the remains of the late Sir. ,W.-F. Barnett were conveyed to their last resting place at the Back Creek Cemetery. The ifuneral corldje left his late residence, the Crown .Hotel, Havgreaves-street, about three o'clock, 'aiid comprised several old residents, friends fot the deceased gentleman. The burial service at the grave was performed by the lie v. Canon MacCwllagh in a most impressive manner. \- i Tenders.—Last evening a special meeting of the' hospital committee of management was held for the purpose of accepting tenders for annual supplies. The following were accepted:— Groceries, A. Bush, as per schedule; wine, beer, and spirits, P. Hayea, as per sche dule; bread, H. Loveland, 4Jd. per 41b. loaf; straw, A. Bush, 2s. per hundred weight; delf, A. Bush, as per schedule; plumber's work, referred to visiting committee; funerals, W. Farmer, 33s. Gd. per funeral; aj.,! (lo.. as per schedule; 9d., us, 6d., and 6s. Id. per ton; milk, F. Flanagan, -Utl. per quart; meat, D. O'Keefe—beef Ud. per lb., mutton l}d. per lb., oxiiead 4d. The tenders tor drugs were referred to Messrs. Trumble and Hotrmeyer for report to general committee. It was agreed that Mr. O'Brien should draft an address, which is to be presented to the Marquis of Normanby in the event of his visit ing the hospital. \ o I.U NT!":'u Inspection.—-This eveniug at seven o'clock the Bendigo Volunteer Ritle Corps will he odicially inspected. ^ esterday Captain Blackhan) received a notification that Colonel Anderson would be the inspecting oliiccr, and it is therefore to be hoped that the'eorps will turn (tut in full force, with arms and accoutrements iu first-class order, to receive the Colonel-Com mandant. Shakoes are to be woru, and the full band is to be in attendance. Wesi.kyan Ciiur.cn, Eaulehawk, —Special services were hold at the Eaglehawk Wesleyau Church on Sunday last iu celebration of the anniversary. The Rev. \V. Pitcher preached in the morning and evening, and the Rev. E. S. Uiektord iu the afternoon. The cou"rei'ation was large on each occasion. A tea meeting was held in the school-room on Monday evenin", at which there was ail attendance of about" 170 persons. At the conclusion of the tea, a public meeting was held in the church; Mr. H. R. Williams, M.L.A., in the "hair. Mr. Jillis, the church treasurer, read a statement of the receipts and expenditure for the past year, from which it appeareil that the receipts had been £321} Ss. Sd., and the expendi ture i'3S3 Os. Gd., leaving a debtor balance of £G lis. 10.1. The total debt on the church property was £1,007 10s., and there was also about £G0 owing for the new organ. The pro sent anniversary had been a success, over £40 having been realised by it. The Rev. \V. H. Fitchett delivered his farewell address, ami speeches were also delivered by the Revs. \V. Fitcher, IS. S. Bickford (who has lately been ap pointed to the circuit), and Mr. Low. St. Pauj/3 Su-ndai- School Picnic. The annual picnic of the Sunday school in connec tion with St. Paul's Church was held yesterday at the Grassy Flat reservoirs, and was in evei}' respect successful. The weather was delightful, and an the situation selected was between the two reservoirs, a spoi most suitable for picnic purposes, the youngsters enjoyed themselves to their hearts' content. Provisions were abundantly provided, and of a sort to please the tastes of the children, by various members of the congregation. A monster plum cake was given by Mr. It. Uaisman. Vehicles of all sorts and sizes were provided for the con veyance of the children to tile picnic gronnd by the following:—Messrs. M'CuUoch and Co., Kenwick and Co., Permcwau and Co., Buckley, Uaisman, Moore ami Co., Webb and Co., Steam:, Bush, IWclJ, Eastwood, .'ackson, llorivood, Loridan, and M'Devitt. Jn these conveyance the children and their friends, to the number of about 700, were placed, and formed into a procession, which, with banners and .Hags living, and the smiling faccs and joyous shouts c;f the children, made up a happy scene. On reaching the picnic ground swings were put tip and a variety of amusements extemporise,.;, and the fau was' kept up with unflagging in terest till it was time to return. Messrs. East wood and Haisman having interested themselves in the matter of getting a number of prizes for the boys to compete for iu athletic sports, had obtained from various members of the congrega tion and others a Jitimber of articles, such as knives, pencil cases, ate., which were competed for br the boys, who were kept L'l'sy in running, leaning, and other sports during tlio whole oi the day. Between fire and six o'clock the cn.O" dreu were convened back to town thoroughly well pleased with their day's outing, Iyyneton Races.—The first day's racing proved a great success so far as attendance was concerned, but the second day's racing was poorly attended. It is very doubtful if the club will continue two days' racing next year. The various events on the second day were generally well contested. The Selliug Hurdle Race was won by Tippcrary Boy (walkover), the Flying Handicap by Palmcrston, the Welter Handicap by Wantage, the Boothbolders' Purse Handicap by Palmeraton, and the Selling Hack Race by Doubtful. Palmerston, the winner of the three big races, was sold to Mr. Weeks, for India, for £300. Mr. Alfred Joseph desires us to state he will be pleased to pay over ■ Kyuctou races to- day, I Donations.—The hon. treasurer of the Bene digo Benevolent Asylum (Mr. M. Tolmie, National Bank) with thanks, acknowledges receipt of £2 2s. from Great Extended Hust ler's Conipauy and Tribute's Accident Society, per Mr. .Robert Carr; and £2 2s. from .North Johnson's Company, in aid of the funds of the institute. Elocution Cla.ss.—Mr. Geo. Lupton, pro fessor ot elocution, Melbourne, intends opening a class for instruction in elocution at t/12 Mechanics' Institute, Sandhurst. 'Hie iirst meetiug of the class will be held te-mor-.-ow evening at a quarter-past ei;;ht o'clock, and the dais wil! assemble on every Friday evening sub sequentiy. UxvrKft Meotinc;.—The united prayer meeting will be held this cvouing its usual at the Masoiiic Hall. TiIk J'\muim,n Opkni.nu ok the Muiu'.av Bridge.—'i'Jie Government Ji.-iVd abandoned their intention to prosecute the rioters who broke open the gates of the Echuca bridge, a3 the evidence, w.ts' not df such, a nature as to enable the charge of riot to be legally estab lished. The conclusion arrived at has been communicated to Sir Henry Partes at Sydney. The Eaolehawk Accident.—The friends of Mr. and Mrs. Ellis, who met with an accident on the 10th instant, whilst returning to their residence at Hmitly from Haglehawk, will be glad to learn that they havo so far recovered as to be able to be removed to their own house. -Mr. 1'jllis was driven over at a slow pace yesterday, and stood the journey well, but still complains, as also does Mrs. Uliis, of severe pain over the body. They are, however, progressing favor ably, and are now nut of all danger. The Lui'ic-ur K 1:1: pick. — Senior-constable Balfour, who has had charge of the City Lock up fur a number of years, and been very bard worked, h iving always to be in attendance at the lock-up, has lately applied for an assistant. This lias been granted, and Constable .M 'Nab, of Swan Hill, lias been appointed to the posi tion. 'I'llv. Weather.—Yesterday was a perfect specimen of an Australian antumn day—a bright, clear sky, with a warm sun and a cool southerly breeze to temper the heat, while at night the air was cold mvl bracing, without beiny; unpleasantly chilly. Should such weather prevail during the coining festivities, Sandhurst will be presented to visitors under most attrac tive features, and will leave the impression 011 their minds that it has, what really is a fact, the finest climate in Victoria. Sr. James's Hall.—A grand variety troupe aro to open at St. James's Hall on Monday evening, and will give a series of entertainments during tho exhibition week. The performances will be of a miscellaneous character, and tho company include tho following clever miistes :— Mdlle. Gracie, Miss Kate Kamsden (tho great skipping-rope dancer), Miss L. Collins, Mr. T. Holland, Nlr. Patsy Gill, Mr. James Watt, and Mr. Frank Summers. Miss l\amsden's per formanccs are stvui to lie _clever character, ami Iiave been highly spoken of by the newspapers in the towns where she has appeared. The other artists arc also noted in their respective lines, and the company, taken altogether, should, without doubt, be able to provide a very vnjoyable and excellent eveuing's entertainment. The Loan. — The special telegram from t .nmi.»n tmldished bv the A on Wednesday mentions that the average price at- which the^4i per cent, loan was taken np was £9\\) Is. 7d. X'ilia makes the net average—deducting accrued interest—to be £'.)7 17s. 8d. The accrued in terest was .CI os. 1 hi. Tm: Ni:w Railway Bill.—At the meeting ot the Cabinet on Wednesday thu Aiyit* says, instructions were given, consequent upon the lloating of the loan,"with regard to a new rail way bill, which will be submitted to Parliament instead of the tentative measure of last session, and which will include only the lines to ho con structed out of the £3,003,000 now raised and the additional .C'2,000,000 which are to be asked for at the end of next year. Di.n'nki:.—The following telegram, addressed to Air. Knevett, the agent of the Cable Com pany in Adelaide, has been forwarded for publi cation :—'■ London, loth March, 1S79. Mr. Teuder, chairman of the Eastern and the Eastern Extension Telegraph companies, enter tained at a dinner, on the l*lth instant, the Hon. Graham Berry, of Victoria, and the Victorian delegates. Amongst the guests were the Earl of Derby, Karl Grailviile, the Earl of .Shaftes bury, the Lord Chief Justice of Eugland, the Right Hon. C. P. Villiers, M.P.; the Right Hon. W. (Iladstone, AI. P.; the Right Hon. Robert Lowe, AI.P.; the Right Hon. YV. V. Massey, ALL'.; the Right Hon. John Bright, AI.P.; the Right Hon. Hugh C. E. Childers, M.P.; the Right Hon. W. P. Adams, AI.P.; Johu Holms, E-q., M.P.; Sir Sydney Water low, Bart., AI.P.; Professor Pearson, A. Maea lister, Esq., C.M.G., agent-general for Queens laud ; H. IT. Hayter, Esq.; \Y. Forster, Esq., agent-geueral for New South Wales. Later in the evening many members of Parliament and other distinguished gentlemen joined tho party to meet the Premier of Victoria." An Explanation.—Tho Anjus publishes the following:—The last " oflicial telegram" pub lished contained a list of the guests invited to meet Mr. Berry at the official dinner given by Sir Michacl Hicks-Beach. As the list included such names as the Right Hon. AY. E. Glad stone, Robert Lowe, John Bright, etc., who are members of the Opposition, an error was obvious. It is now discovered that the banquet referred to was the dinner given by the chair man of the Eastern Telegraph Company, noticed in tho special telegram of the Argiix of Monday last. This is the ilinner at which Mr. Berry Granville—rather a hopeless business, we should think, in such company. Ax Autol'katio Pai:lia.mk>t.—In order to beguile away the time on such evenings as no other entertainment was provided, the Odd fellows who visited Hamilton last week held autocratic parliaments. At least this is the name given to these assemblies, and any person attending one of these will quickly admit that no better title could be found than " autocratic." No brother or other visitor is allowed to enter the room until he has distinctly pledged himself to obey every word of command of the chair man, and the gentleman chosen for this last mentioned position is usually a Past Grand Master of the Order, possessed of ready wit and more than the usual share of geniality. The Hamil ton parliaments were presided over by P.G. M. Clarke, of Eryerstowu, and a more autocratic president could not well have been selected. Olirer Cromwell could not hold a candle to him, and the Emperor of all tho Russias was quite put into the shade by the worthy brother who is of Falstallian laugh and proportions. The man that could not sin<; had to pay for it, the slightest breach of etiquette was promptly punished, and the best part of the joke was that, none knew what was etiquette or what was not. One member was fined for speaking, another for holding I-is tongue, and the chairman was not slow to fine himself directly a charge of being unjust was properly proved against him, although he never forgot to make his accusers pay. All the fines, which ranged up from (jd. to os., were cheerfully paid, and some of those present who had qmte unintentionally, been overlooked, insisted upon contributing their share to the fund. This may appear .strange, but the explanation is simple—all monies so gathered, were, after payment of tome trilling expenses, to be handed over to the Mayor for presentation to the Ladies' Benevolent Societv, P.G.M. Clarke justly remarking that Odd fellows could not advance their cause more than by leaving a favorable impression among the ladies of every town they visited. The total proceeds of two nights' sittings amounted to £f> ISs. (id., which amount was passed over to the Mayor. Thus that worthy institution the Benevolent Society, will be advantaged to the extent of nearly £1(5, by the A.M.C. holding their meeting here, independent of the increased grant-in-aid they will be entitled to reccivc from the Government. Fecuniuty of Snakk.—Oa Monday (says tiic JltmtiUuii S/icdator) a bottle was brought to our office containing 32 young tiger snakes, each about six inches in length, the progeny of a female snake, captured bj' Air. Edward Gresswcll and Mr. Patrick M'Uimiikin, near the lioimd waterhole at M'Lellan's sheepwash, on the Mount. Napier road. The little reptiles were uucommonly lively, and every time the outside of the bottle was touched by a linger, they made a dart at the object, and protruded their fangs. It appears there were 36 of the family originally, but- three of them were killed bj' the axe which caused the parent to shulile off her mortal coil. The young snakes were inside the body of the large one, and mauy of them were sucking at small teats or nipples, which lined the receptacle in which they were found. Wo are not awaro whether naturalists have discovered that any members of the snaks species are so far marsupial that a pouch for the safety of their young, forms a portion of their internal anatomy, the. only access to which is by way of the mouth; but we believe it is not disputed that snakes are in tlie habit of swallowing their young for safety when pursued, and allowing them to crawl out of their jaws when the danger is over. We are quite satislied with the veracity of our infor mants, ami however improbable the story may ;i->uear that tiger snakes suckle their young in the peculiar way we have mentioned, there are many thiugs in the Book of Nature more improbable. A Ghost Story.—following strange affair is reported from MacDonndi Bay in the South Eastern Star of 7th March " An extraordinary supernatural occurrence which is said to have taken place on the coast between here and iiivoli Bay is creating a great sensation here. Walter and William Garrison have been at work for some little time obtaining oil from the whale which was stranded on the beach. The other day they were out shooting in the vicinity, and did not return to their tent till after nightfall. Just at the twilight William Garrison was load ing his gun for a last shot, when all at once lie hoard a hideous yell, and turning his eye3 in the directiou from whence the sound proceeded, he observed what appeared to be a mail of unusuaOy tall stature making towards him. Garrison looked with a fixed L'.i/.e at the object, and it appeared so weird and unearthly that Jlis blood began to chill and his hair to bristle. On it came, aud as it approached yelled again. Garrison then put a cap on his "un, and, taking aim, tired at the object-, which appeared to sink iutu the ground out of sight .<:d left no trace behind. At the same instant Walter Garrison, wiio was about a mile from his brother, saw a similar apparition, and, having liirf gun loaded and capped at the time, firoil. That ol>jcct, too, appeared to fcav-j felt the shot aud r.iukei into thin air. The people here believe the ghost or ghosts are tho?e of Fo:no person or persons who have been murdered uear the spot v/nere they were sesa, BASQUKt TO Jilt. It. IIaci-ki:.—This evening the Newham electors entertain Mr. Hubert Haryefj ftt dinner. Mr. Francis, Mr. Murray Smith, and other influential gentlemen intend being present, as a mark of respect to both hosts and guest. SutB School SavIMM Banks.— the .Secre tary I'm- Education rmil ilie Deputy Postmaster (ieueral are preparing the necessary regulations for the establishment of penny savings banks in connexion with the state schools. It is intended that the system shall be grafted on to the present I'ost-oftiee Savings Banks system. Bvass, the Defai'i.teh. —There appears to bo a disposition amongst a section of the lYotrstanr Alliance I'Yieinlly Society members to condone the defalcations of the late secretary, l'yass, now awaiting his trial in Melbourne. A subscription list has bat,'!! handed round here lor the purpose of raising a siifiieient sum to meet his de ficiency, and thus, if possible, slay further proceedings. Tiik New PiiosrKcrr.N'c; Dcii.l.—Tiic diamond drill recently got out from America has been found unsuitable for the purpose of prospecting in Victoria. The cost of the machine was £1,200. Its weight when set up is 3,0001bs., and it is capable of boring l,f>!)0 feet. Messrs. ff. C. Bates and C. Uriscom, who have been commissioned to examine the drill, and state their opinion of it to the Minister of .Mines, ' have reported that it is not the kind of machine ordered, and that it is much too large and too heavy for the purpose for which it is required. On taking the dimensions of tho machiuc Messrs.Bates and Griseom found it to be of such a size as to rei.der it impossible to take it down the shafts of most mines in Yictopa. After giving the matter duo consideration, the Minister of Mines (the Age says) has determined to return the large drill and obtain two aniall ones, each capable of boring to a depth of "i00 feet. The cost of the two smaller drills will be about equal to that of the larger one. A Curious Citicu^rsTANCh*.—A correspondent of an up-country paper describes tho following strange sight as having been shown to him by a friend, while travelling between' Jiylstone and Bylone :—" My friend took me to tlie iooc 01 a huge rock, ami there, on the face, about litteen feet from the ground, were mostly distinctly imprinted human hands and feet; the repre sentations were perfect in size and shape, some were smaller, evidently of females, some with fingers cut oft', and otherwise mutilated. The marks were of a dark grey color. My com panion, a resident of long standing in this district, informed me he had often looked and wondered at the prints, but never could arrive at a conclusion as to how tlicy Came there.'' A CoIjuaoeous Lad.—One of the pluckiest acts we {Horthum Times) have heard of for some time was performed on Saturday by a little buy twelve years of age, eon of Mr. Charles Smith, of Horsham. The youngster was out rabbiting, and having run, as he thought, a rabbit to earth', put his hand in the hole in which he supposed the animal to be, ami imme diately received a severe bite from a snake nn the forefinger of the left hand. Having satisfied himself that the bite was from a snake, the youngster, who had a small and by no moans sharp tomahawk with him, deliberately placed his finger an the saud and hacked it off, after (several strokes, by the first joint. He then tore a piece oil'his shirt, and bound up bis hand in professional style, using a bit of stick by way of tourniquet, and being some three miles from Horsham, made the best of liis way into town, when, without tailing upon his parents, he sought the services of l.)r. Davidson, who speedily improved upon the amateur surgery he was called upon to inspect. During the second operation the little fellfliv never flinched, and is, we are happy to say, progressing very well. It seems lie learnt tha trick of bandaging in such cases from lessons given by Mr. Trevan at the State school, but it may be considered doubtful whether such rough and ready surgery was inculcated at the same establishment. At anyratc, whatever harm aiul inconvenience the youngster has sustained from the loss of his finger, it is gratifying to know that the snake-bite produced 110 ill effects. Proposed New Statu Schools.—In conse quence of only a portion of the loa;: authorised by Parliament haviig been tloated, the Education department is now revising the list of proposed new schools which were to be constructed out of the money raised, with the view of selecting the most urgent cases. The sum of £200,000, would have been set apart for sehool-building purposes, if the £f>,000,000 had been raised; but now only £120,000 will be available for such purposes.—Art/itx. A Perilous Mishap.—A Brisbane telegram in yesterday's Anjus states:—A coal truck at tached to a train from Ipswich on Tuesday, in crossing the long trestle bridge, 100 feet high, left the rails, ami went along on the sleepers, dragging two passengers' carriages after it. By . to.ii „VBr the side. A gentleman, in attempting to escape irom a carriage, had the calf of his leg crushed. A Powkui'L'i, Blast.—"A striking example of the power and utility of lithotraeteur," writes a correspondent of the Arifus, was witnessed on Tuesday at the railway quarries at Pakenham. The. quarries are at present rented by Messrs. Higgins and Wright, the contractors for the South Yarra and Oakleigh Railway, and it is from these the necessary supply of ballast for the new railway is drawn. The object of the contractors was to move at once a large mass of stone by one discharge, instead of by the numer ous small shots used by the quarrvmeu. Ac cordingly, some weeks ago a tunnel was driven into the face of the quarry some 35 feet in a straight line, and thence at right angles a fur ther distance of 25 feet, in the form of the capi tal letter L. At the further end of this drive was sunk a hole for the reception of the explo sive, and into this was deposited, well rammed and tamped, the charge, which consisted of 000 lbs. of Hthofractenr. A gentleman from the otliee of Jones, Seott, and Co., the agents and manufacturers of the Australian Hthofractenr under Kreb's patent, attended to direct opera tions, and at two o'clock the enormous charge was fired by electricity. The result was wonder ful. With but little noise comparatively, a vast mass of rock and rubbish was upheaved, whole trees were shot straight up, ami 20,000 yards were quarried in an instant. Messrs. Higgins and Wright speak of the affair as an unqualified success." Keplicvv.—The talented Mr. Levy, whoso escapades in this colony will bo fresh iu the memories of our readers, has not yet learned to pay his debts. An American exchange savs:— Giimore's Baud, with Levy, the cornet player, gave a concert last night. The performance was delayed hair" an hour hj' a constable seizing Levy's coruet on an attachment for a debt con tracted by the musician when he gave a concert here some two years ago. When tho constable tried to serve the process at Troy House, Levy ran away, leaping into a sleigh containing Mine. De Murska, making frantic but ineli'ectual efforts to conceal the cornet about bis person. The constable, nothing daunted, followed, ami landed on Mine. De Murska's lap. Tiie slei"h was driven to the Music Hall, where Lew jumped out, and ran upstairs, blowing and. shouting to the members of (he band, "Throw him down stairs ! Kill him After the con stable seized the cornet, Levy denied the owner ship, but as Mr. Gilmore agreed to pay the bill, the waiting audience was enabled to hear the dulcet tones of the much-seized instrument. It is asserted that the cornet did not in fact belong to .Levy, but was the property of the maker, whose lien upon it had never been discharged. Mukt.m, Auitiimetiu.—According to the Unhnraity Haijazine, some years a German, of the name of Dase, exhibited his wonderful powers of calculation and memory before the Quoen. I once met him at the house of a friend, but uiifortunatidy arrived too late to wit ness more than a few of Ins feats. Sixty-four figures were chalked upon board at which Mr. Dase gave what I thought a cursory glance, aud immediately turning his back uponthem, he stated the order in which they were placed, and he re peated tbem backward. He was then, without altering his position, dodged by one o£ the com pany, who asked, " What is the twenty-thirl figure?1' He answered at once and correctly. Again, a vast amount of dominoes—I wondered where they got so many—were distributed on the table among several ladies, who arranged them iu squares of various dimensions, while Mr. Dase stood with his back to the table. He was then requested to turn round, and in an in credibly short space of time he told us the num ber, not of the do-ninoes, but of the spots. Thuti far for the evidence of my own eyes and ear--. For the rest, I was told that lie nan multiply in his mind 100 given figures in 52 minutes. Newspaper Estkrpp.isk.—The Standard, which has outstripped its penny contemporaries ill the length and excellence of its telegrams from Afghanistan, has accompli died this creditable feat at an outlay almost un precedented in the annals of English journalism. A single telegram cost upwards of .CI5U0, an amouut in excess of that charged for all the press telegrams from India put together 011 cer tain days. VicroniAX IIailway Employe.-;' JU.socia'itok. —A meeting of railway t■mjiluy-y' was held on Monday evening at the Temperance - hall, Hotham, aud notwithstanding the unfavorable time chosen (St. Patrick's Day) there was a very large attendance. The object of the meeting was (the Argun says) to establish au association of the whole of the employes not at present 011 the staff, to protect their interests, and to use their influence to securc a better status iu the service than they at present hold, which, as one of the gentlemen said, was none at all, more particularly with regard to support iu case of sickness, or accident iu performance of duty, and superannuation, when length of servitude uutits for further duties. It was decided to establish the society, to be called "The Victorian liailway Employes' Association. A committee was appointed to conduct its affairs; a nioathlv contribution was fixe J, to defray cost of oari-via* on the movement, and it was announced "that betwocu -100 aud oOO members had been on rolled and fec3 paid. The meeting then ad journed. 