ROMAN. CATHOLIC l'ASTOlt AL. ? .No¡-¡ni.U'- aux Bogar Bailo, by tho Graco of God and tho favou ,».ttió Apostoho Soo, ; Archbishop of. Sydney¡ Metrópoli tau, to tho -Clergy, Seoular and lb lar, and tho Faithful of the said Archdiocese. Thoso and only thoso who have upon them burden of tho Episcopal, ofllco can adoqua: comprohond tho responsibilities that press upon conscience at tho present hour. Placed as we li boen by tho command of tho Sovereign Pontill charge of this archdiocese^ wo .booomo rosponsibli God for tho souls of our people. Tho thought of groat Accounting-day, when wa shall havo to ans for thom, as wallas for ourselves, randers us aim donf to tliocontontionof tongues, whilst wo aro absor by tho overwhelming anxiety of how wo may fi our duties, and bo faithful to our charge. motives of foar or of dospondonoy which weigh w uieu who do not realize this thought producá lil effect upon n bishop's imagination. Ills great nhl to save as ninny souls as possiblo ; to instil faith, lin and, abovo al), lovo, into ninny hearts ; mid to ¡ toot, instruct, nnd warn, in season and out of sons< tho Hock coulldod to his care, M lo is tho biabe says tho 3Stb Apostolic Canon, ' to whoso fuith i pooplo aro confided, thu account of whoso souls will oxaotod from him.' To tho bishop, capooinlly, belongs tho supra duty of preserving tho faith in hi» people. Ho di not prosuino to teach thom any other creed than tl which is professed by thu Iloiuan Church ; and in actions nod instructions hu conforms himself, ns um as possible, to tho light that ho receives from tl Mother of all tho Churches, whoso faith has HOI failed, His voice if he speaks aright, is not tho t poneut of thu subjective views of au individu however gifted, but of tho douttineB of that socle which is spread throughout tho world. Whoo condemns, bia condemnation ia tho anathema of til teaching body which, from tho day of Pentecost t now*, has buen ns harmonious in its condemnation error ns persistent in its enunciation of truth. ' preach himaulf would bo to preach folly ; to tench 1 own privato views would bo impertinence ¡ and tho who would liston to and pin their faith upon hi might well bo called priest ridden mid miserab enslaved. Tho vory reverse of this ia his glory it ia his vocation. To sink self, to grasp in till i fulncsa tho Church's mind, and clearly, fonrlcsal and calmly to expound it to tho people, is thu obje of his life. Thus, in giving ear to him bis people n listening to tho Church of God, not to a mero mai in following bis voico with docility, they aro (loci! not bocimso a fallible eroiituro is instructing thor but because thay believe that thoy aro subiiu'ttit their reason to tho obedience of faith and ure beb guidud hy a power thnt cannot, in matters of dogu and morality, lend astray. Both tho bishop mid h people aro under tho samo authority-if thoy subm to his teaching, ho equally submits to thu san touching ; for both must submit to truth, and tint undcllled mid infallible is to be found, they bold wit a vital tenacity, in tho living voice of tito Catho) Churoh. Thus it is that Catholics nra amused nt tho odor of their opponents to dissever them from thu Arel bishop mid bishops of thu hierarchy. Catholics knov whon tho bishops mcot and issue a joint instructloi based upon tho uuivorsal teaching of tho dithol Church, thnt that instruction comes to thom with n authority whioh thoy cannot hut reapect. Could tl world wedge in botweon tho hierarchy and tho pcopb tho world would then provo itself stj- ongor than til Church. Tho exporitnent has repeatedly boon nindi especially when tito doctrines preached promised t entail tomporary suffering and persecution ; and th experiment hos just tis often failed. The faith lie latent in tho ninsBcs of our people throughout th world, and quick as electricity tho voico of the liishnj when ho speaks in downrigliteaiiiost, finds a rospona in cvory heart. Obodienco mid submission, on th one hand, imply authority and jurisdiction on tb other. Tho words, 'Toko hoed to yourselves, anti t tho whola (look,- whoroin tho Holy Ghost has plncci you bishops to mia tho Church of God,'express th Episcopal duty and authority. Tho words, 'Ohe; your prelates, and bo aubjoot to thom } for they wnteli as having to givo au account of your souls, that tho; moy do this with joy and not with grieving ; for titi" is prolltnblu for you,' express tho temper mid duty o tho people ; nuil thus thu Church of God, being i Divino institution, tho crontiun of tho Holy Ghost mid not tho creation nf politicians, holds her own,con solidatcs her strength, expands her poworfrom ugo ti ago ! hoing fashioned not moroly for fnir weather, bli to outlivo any storm whioh tho world is captiblo o stirring np. From limo to timo tho bishops, who 'watch,' nro ii duty hound to lay down principles and rocommonda tions which cross n strong, passing populnr current Though they merely address their own people, those outside sro moved by their words. Tho ancient elli, gios which did good service 'IO or 50 years ago aro rc. clothed, mid sot on their lugs unca more, and tho same class of Christians employ themselves in deinolièliing thom who, in clays gone hy, had found relief in a simi- lar occupation. Grndiiully arms tiro mid énergies tl '; mid, meanwhile, 'mon of goodwill,' having ted fur tho (hist tn settle down, begin to consider tt.w rani question-which had boon bidden in a tem- porary cloud-namely, how cnn Catholics givo their cliildron a thoroughly sound Cntholio education, and still not tn ho deprived, because thoy perform that solemn duty, nf equal assistance with o thors for secu- lar results ? Thus tho publie mind linds ita equili- brium, and gradually regaiua ita normal tona of calm- ness, fairness, mid good fooling. Finding that the bishops, nrficd by tho fenr of God before their eyes, have too solemn n duty to perform to bo silenced by clamour, mon begin to liston to thom ; and tinnily, to their surpriso, maka tho disouvcry, ns wns dona nfter tho English 1 Pnpnl nggrossion,' thnt thoy woiild havo occupied a somewhat moro dignified pince in history had they exercised a little moro self- restraint. Ciitholies, linwovor, hnvo hoon trained to moko til largest nllowaucca for othorn. They lt noir whot carl nssocintinna nnd ingrained prejudice cnn do ; nu though n littla moro culturo would ho plciumntcr, uti thoy cnn hoar with equanimity Horco nnd conreo villi poratinn if it ho, aa it often is, accompanied wit sincerity. Snino of thu most earnest of our convert woro nt «mo timo ns violent against tho Church as th most rabid of antagonista ¡ and ninny Protestant lay mon havo boen induced to study Catholic theology and eventually to join tho Church, on account of thci curioaity having been aroused by violent denuncia tiona of lier in tho pulpit. It is tho duty of Catholics to exercise tho greates charity towards their opponents. On such occasion ns those tho training given hy tho Catholic religion ha nu opportunity nf itinntfcsting itself. Tonrgtiucnhnlj and without bitterness, to rceuivo roproncli with gnni humour, tn defond and display tho truth with uncoil quornhlo charity, and to attribute good motives nm honest purposos wherever it is possible-thoso un somo nf tho consequences following from thu ohnrit* of tho Gospel, from thnt now doctrinu of lovu or whicl Christ was so iiiimitnhlo an example, lt is vain ti expect any power but Christianity to teach orcnioici such clinnty ns this, lt springs from a divino foun tain, mid is only tnugbt in its thoroughness in Hu Christian .Schools. Tho poaco which proceeds fruin torpor ia iou nd in tiger and pnuthun-it is not Chris, timi ponco. Christian peaeu ia that which main- tains n 111,111 in perfect uhtuily whüMsju the midst ol intellectual cnnllict : and so possesses bim that in all "ij'B nnd daua there is a sweetness which ia iiuiuis I1 v.tbie, linwovor vigorously ho may wield tho sword ot truth with its sharp point mid glittering edge. Pearly beloved, exorcise yourselves continually in this Christian and mnsculinu charity ; do not dis- honour the religion of confessors nnd martyrs ; manifest in your lives mid iii your relations with your nnu-CatholIc neighbours, tho spirit nf thu Cnliioliu Church, In her calm utterance of truth, «nd her great goutlonoss towards those who diner from lier ; and if it bo your duty to say disagree-hie things, say them ns Bwcotly amt kindly ns you cnn. It ia in thia spirit thnt wo ever hopo to net. Wo insist on Catholics giving their children a thorough Catholic education, because it ia our houndou duty to do BO. Wo point out tho ilangoi H to Catholics of Public schools, hecnuso wo should lia piovnricating against our solemn obligations wcro wo any longer lo hold our ponce. Hore,' possibly, wo may give pain to somo ; but it is tho pain intllulod by tho good physician, whoso ono desire ia to heal tho wound, Bcgnrdlng tlio offootB of Public aehmihi tin Protestant children it was not our place to apeak ; indeed, had it boen our plano to do BO, it would have hoon suiiorlbiotiB, lifter tho trenchant fashion in whioh Br. Moorhouse, tho Protoatnnt Bishop of Melbourne, bail already spoken. Illa lnnguago la many dogroea atrongor rognrding Pro- testant ohlldron going to Publia schools in Viotorln, than tho Catholic Bishop's regarding Catholic ohildrcu going to Public schools in Now South Wnlos. And atti ha and thoy, ns all must wall know, wcro ani- mated, ia so spcakiug, hy au earnest desire to servo tho community at largo. To repay snob disinterested kindness by orlos of 'libel' on Protestant children seems ns disingenuous ns It is unmanly. Mon with a spark .( honest fooling would thank tho bishops fur ! having boon nt.so muob pains to spunk out 6u n matter of such vital national importance.- - - - Having, in tho joint Pastoral Lottor, given you the reasons why secularist education is productivo of notional decay, wo shall now procood to show you by an oxamplo iu tho "concreto that tho nnivorsal toaching bf tho Church is borhooufc hy hard foots and ilguroB. You will then seo eloaror than over that tho Bishops woro Booking your dearest intorcsts in speaking nB they did of Catholio children. lt seomB to bo generally admitted at tho prosont day that ignorance and crime go hand in hand ; and that ono of tho most elVootnal ways of making a people moral, and of advancing them in lifo, is to let them havo tho benolit of tho schoolmaster. Thora is no doubt that ono of tho groutoat blossings which could bo bostowod on human boiugs is to inform thom with useful knowlodgo ; and no greater misery well could bo imagined than to noglcct a nation's education. Thoro is, liowovor, ono grouter ourso in tho world than ignorance, and that is instruction apart from religious and moral training. To instruct tho masses in read, ing, writing, and arithmetic, and to leave ont religion and morality, is to arin thom with instruments for comniit^ing crime. An ignorant eriininnl is lind enough ; but ho is harmluss compared with an edu. enteil eriininnl. A grcnt deal lins hoon snid in tho colony about tho crlnio that proceeds from want of. schools ; very littlo about tho still grouter amount of orimo which ia produced by training tho intellectual faoultius whilst tho will and tho animal passions ara I permitted to run wild. Wo liavu seen lion' Grunt JJrltuin luis lian tlio wis- dom tu onconmgo various Christina ChurchoB to uduunto tho young ia tho faith of their fathers. Lot us «ow turn to another great country which lins mndo tho experiment of l'ulilic schools. Wo refer to America. This study will bo nit tho moro interesting, hocauso our Public schools in Now South Wal os aro formed much after tho Bamo model ; ono of tho dif- ferences being that in tho American system tho Bchools aro absolutely scoularist, whilst hero an hour is gruntod for religious instruction. So fur ns Catholics ure concerned our Public schools aro secularist schools ; tho archbishop and bishops of this province having too great a respect for their clergy, and ton deep a royereuco for tho Catholic faith, to encourage any priest under their jurisdiction to swell the discord of opposing miuisturs touching tho jarring doctrines of contradictory sects. Comparative ignornuco is a misfortune, and leads to crime ; but instruction, without n thorough religious mal moral education, is a calamity, und tends directly to produce criminals of tho worst description. Tube the six New England Stntos, on tho ono bund, namely, Massachusetts, Aluino, Now Hampshire, Vermont,. Conuoctient, nnd llbodo Island ; and on tho other, tako tho six States of Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, ticorgm, North Carolina, nnd South Carolinn, Tho inhabitants of these States came from tho same Eng- lish rnco, held tho samo Protestant religion (except the little Stato of Maryland), used tho samo Protes- tant ISiblc, spoke the samo language, and had, in tba main, tho samo manners and customs. Hore, thou, wo hnvo twclvo States stnmling toge- ther in tho raco of progress and civilization. They scum to ngreo in everything except one thing, and dint ono thing is their system of education. Tho six New England States, over two hundred yonrs ago, following thu lend of Massachusetts, introduced the system of ' Public Schools. 'lu Now England,'says Kent, 'it lins been n stonily nnd governing principio from tho very foundation of tho colonies, that it was tho right and duty of tho Government to provide, by menus of fair mid just taxation, for tho instruction of nil tho youth in tho clements nf learning.' 'Tho common schools of Massachusetts, ' says Lippincott, ' have been kopt up to this day by diroct tax und individual sub- scription, mid nowhere in a population nf ccpi.il extent lins n common clcmontnry education been moro uni- versally diffused.' Now- whilst tlio six Now England States woro limit- ing an experiment of tho Publia school system, tho six other States refused persistently to do so. Whilst the Hist six wcro highly instructed in secular knowledge, according to tho Public school system, tho second six were less favoured in this respect, rejecting as they did tho system of Public school, J'or clearness sake lot us call tho six New England States tho Public school Stntcs ; and tho other six tho private school States. In tho year ISO'O, tho United States decennial census was taken. Tho Public school Stntcs nnd tho private school Stntcs lind been follow- ing oach its own system of education fut- two hundred years. What light docs tho census throw upon tho Public school States ns compared with tho private school States V It shows, iirst, that tho Publie school Stntcs were fm-in advance in secular instruction nf thu private school Stntcs. The former numbered 2,(itíñ,!llñ lintive-borii white inhabitants ; of theso only 85-13 adults could neither read nor write. Tho latter num- bered ,'I, lSI.'.ll!!) native-born whites, of whom 2(12,802 adults could neither read nor write. So that while in tho Public school States tho proportion of illiterate nativo whites was ono to every .'112, in tho private school States it was onoto every twelve. Hero you will poreoivo nt once tho triumph of knowledge over ignorance, nnd tho light that tho Public school system brings to tho intelligence, lt would naturally bo thought that thu private Behool States were plunged in darkness and decay, as compared with their moro enlightened sisters, tho Public school States. lint turn to statistics of another kind. On tho Iii st of .lune, ISb'O, tlio Public school States, with n nativo white population of 2,(ili5,04ö, hud 2-lñí) criminals in prison ; whilu tho private school Statos, with a nativo white population of ¡1,181,OG'.), bad only -171 criminals in prison. Thus thu Public school Stntcs had ono na- tive-born whito criminal to every 108-1 nativo white inhabitants, whilst tho privato'school Statos had ono to every GOTO, being six eriminnls in tho Public school States to one in the private school States. Thu Public school States had one suicide to every 111,285 of tlio entire population ; tho privuto Behool States ono to oveiy ñli.ñSl. Of thoso who died of criminal lust tho Publie school States had ono to every St5,7.'17, tho pri- vate school States ono to overy 128,721). According to thu Census Marshal of 1870 thu Public school States produced ono insano person to every SOO nativo.horn inhabitants, whilst tlio private schools States ono to every 10'S2. lt is ti remarkable fnct thnt Massachusetts, which is the mother of tho Public school system in tho States, oilers n striking example of tho truth of our thesis. Whilst thnt Stnto was tba most successful of nil in educating thu masses, it, nt tho very samo timo, pro- duced by far tito largest proportion of criinirmls-ono to every Ol!) nativo whito inhabitants. 'J'nko all tito States together and not ono amongst them approached Massachusetts ns a breeder of n criminal class. Since lS(it) California has surpassed .Massachusetts itt this respect, having in 1870 ono criminal to every fil2 nu tivo-bnru whites, Reviewing thin system of l'ubüu schools, which havo proved themselves seed- plots of so immy sorrows ami misfortunes ami of so much crime, a lending American journal, tho Alla, declares that if wo are to ' judgo this system hy its nppntent fruitHWOshnll havo to pronounce it not only a melancholy, but a most disastrous failure, nnd that it will bo idle to look for tho causo of thc general rowdyism, idleness, nnd viciousness of the rising generation nnywdiero but in tho training it hus boen"receiving.' Thu boston correspondent of tho Sun r'tnucitcn Mmniinj Call writes (Nov, lö, 1H77) to this cll'cct : 1 Tho rnpiil progress) of knowledgo peculiar to tho educational system of this State has lcd to the erection of two moro State prisons, one of which, for women, was successfully opened n few days ugo, tho number of wicked fournies who kuoukud for admission being forty-four. T'resont indications point towal ils tho rapid Ulling up of this new institution in n few months.' Thu report of Jin Cttlifo.nia State prison anil Statu prisoners for tho two years ending .lune¡lt), 1S77I stntcs that 'in fact muong the younger convicts they cnn all rend mid writu.' !)r. Moorhouse knew what hu was talking about when ho said to the people of Victoria, that without a religious education 'religion will narrow down into a woaUBupotstttiutt, nut! morality into u mero calculation of consequences. Your boys will sink into lucre ani- mals, admiring vice for its courage or its «uiartuuss. They will become not good, wise, self-denying men, but larrikins, or sympathisera with miliaris liku thu Kellys. Choose, my Iriunds, which you w ill have, a religions or secular education 1 *i nu cannot havo both. If you bring up your children without tho moral and religious clement in their character, yeti cannot add it afterwards. It is n whole without thnt element, nnd ynu cnn no moro afterwards change it than you can add sumo coloured thread that has benn left out in tho weaving nf n fino Indian fabric, with- out pulling tho rubric to pieces. Yon may chnnso your courso, hut you cannot chnnso tho consequence of thnt entuso. If yon sow Bcciilnrism you will renp irrovoroneo nnd immorality ; if you sow fully, you will reap misery.' Dearly bolovotl, whothor tho grent apostasy will* havo its way or no in thia colony remains to bu soon. Ono thing, any how, is corttiiu, that tho archbishop mid bishops exorcising jurisdiction in New South Wales will resist it to tho lost, and with all their might. And whothor they succeed or fail in their onuonvonr to avert a groat national calamity, they will be conscious that, heedless of clamour, they 'apollo boldly out, and ^warned their peppier witu the viao'.:r bf an unmistakeable sincerity, against a aystom which,ia ealoulated to dochristiamzo aocioty, nnd to rob a groat nation of the hlghcstolcmcnts of manhood. His- tory will record, for tho inatruotion of futuro gonora tiona, that tho archbishop and bishops in this colony, following tho guidanco of tho universal Chureh. woro true to their great trust ; and embodying, in a formal dooumont, tho trna principle of national prosperity, condcmnod with emphatic anathema, prinoiplos of na- tional corruption, tu theso our days we aro oroating tho history of tho future. On thoso who rule now, or exoroiso moral inllnence, depend the future proBpority mid greatness of thu nation. Yv'o mean to do our humble part, acting' on principio,'.and'.noting with vigour. Our poople, if wo can prevent it, aimil not be carried oil' by tho curiont. lt all the moro behoves Catholics to fortify thoinsolves in Christianity, in pro poi timi as the world is gradually rejecting it ; and, whilst othors are hurried away by tho gulf-stream of inlidulity, we shall stand firm on the adamantine rock of tho Catholic Faith. At all hazards,' thou, dearest poople, bring tip your children thorough Catholics. Stoop them during childhood, and youth if possible, docp in tho Catholic faith. Make them conscious nf tho burden thoy will havo to huar ; and tench them to feel prido in the thought that they aro destined to do thoir part in keeping nlive thnt glorious religion which drew Europe out of barbarism and darkness into light, mid which, if God so pienso, will yet help to render this Australia of oura ono of tho greatest nations of tho earth. Dourly beloved: 'Iteuicmbor your prelates who havo spoken tho word of God to you ; whoso faith follow. 'UoBobcr and watch : because your adver; amy tho dovil, ns n roaring lion, gooth about Booking whom ha may dovour ; whom resist yo strong in faith. And may tho bord mako you abound in charity to- wards ono another, and towards nil mon, ns wc do also towards you ; to confirm your heurta without blame, in holiness, boforo God and our Father, at the coming af our Lard Jesus Christ witli all bis saints. Amen. Given nt Sydney, mid appointed to bo rondin nil thc churches nnd chapels of tho archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, September 7, 1870. 1Î011 El! 1ÍKDE, Archbishop of Syilnoy and Metropolitan. 