LATEST METOPOLITAN NEWS. (FaOo OVE SYDNSY CORREScPONDENT.) IN spite of the heat that has prevailed all day, there has been a good attendance of visitors at the Exhibition. especia'ly at the agricultural hall, where the flower and fruit. and poultry and canary shows, were held the former at the southern, and the latter at the northern end. The chow of flowers is the finest yet witnessed in this city-one of the chief exhibitors being Mr. J. Eales, of Duckenfield Pak, Hunter River. who has contributed some hundred varieties; but as my horticultural education has been some what neglected, I shall refrain from par ticularizing, especially as I observed several professed experts apparently at a Ices to which exhibit to award the prize. of merit. The poultry and dog shows have also excited great interest among fanciers, and from the cursory survey I took of them, they.appear to be of a very high class. It seems beyond a doubt that the expected collision between the Transit Commissioners and the Cabmen's Union will take place, the former Leing resolved to carry out their pro gramme, and the latter just as determined on resistance. The obnoxious tickets are readsy for issue at the Commissioners' office, but not a single Jehu has applied for them yet, and they are all, therefore, liable tod be summoned at any moment by any passenger cantankcr. ous enough to do so. At a meeting of the Cricketing Associa tion held last night, the secretary was re quested to communicate with the. Bendigo C. C., regretting that the Associatian could not undertake to play a Bendigo team in De cember, after the intercolonial match with. the Victorian eleven in Melbourne. It was, however, agreed. in answer to a letter from the Albion C. O. in Maitland, to play a one day's match on the 15th prox. with thatclub. a deputation waited on the Mayor yester day with reference to the proposed Friendly Socielies' Demonstration on the Prince of Weles' Birthday, when special traffic regu lations were suggested, in the interest of the procession, and application made for the use of Prince Alfred Park. A favourable answer was returned by his worship, which Isuppose was what might reasonably have been ex pected; but it strikes me as something odd that people can't enjoy themselves without putting others to inconvenience, which must be the case if the streets and Park are to be monopolized by the processioniste. Archbishop Vaughan's pastorals are set ting everyone by the ears, and discussions on education are engaging the attention even of those who, one would think, were' quite un interested in the article. It is the topic of the day, surpassing eve.n the Exhibition in in terest, and scarcely an evening passes with out its corresponding lecture being delivered, some orators going into a "series," finding a certain degree of incompatibility existing between their eloquence and their audience's patience. Before the matter is ended; I ex pect we shall be as sick of education as ever was the best-whipped pupil at any Dothe boys Hall in existence. A fire occurred last evening, caused by a child upsetting a candle against some cur tains, the flames speedily spreading through out the room. The screams of the unfortunate cause of the disaster brought assistance in time to save it from sharing the fate of the curtains, but too late to prevent considerable damage. Indeed, but for the most strenuous exertions, the whole house would have been destroyed; as it was. two rooms were com pletely gutted. The Congregational Union of New South Wales commenced its annual session last evening, at which the Rev. J. Jefferis pre sided, and delivered an address, which was much applauded by the large audience assembled. His concluding remarks were as follows:-"There is something for all of Us to do. We have to wage war to the death against the meanness, the hypocrisy, the falsehood in the lifo of men. In the name and by the Spirit of our Master, we have to fight against corruption in society, dis honesty in trade, lying .habits in individual life; and last, but not least, against untruth insreligion. The trumpet of our life must give forth no uncertain sound. It must be a charge for the battle, ringing high and clear among the hos's of the Lrd." It was resolved, at a spcial meeting of tile D)istrict Grand Lodge of Freemasonus, held last night, that a scholarship be founded at the Sydney University, for tihe sons of brethren of the Eunlish Constitution in this colocy, towards which object the sum of £500 was voted. In the course of the even ing, tihe D.D.G.M. observed, .in. correction' of th~e idea which he said prevailed that Masonic charities had been neglected,that the Orphan Fund amounted t £5d,000, andd the' Benevo lent Fund to £1000 . -.n: The testimonial and becofit to the popular actress,.Miss Dargnu,.promises.to be.a great. success. At a meeting of,the committee held last night, the form of an address was adopted,! aud it.was annoiihced thalt a nieck lot and locket,. set .with,.di'monds' and emeralds, had blen pirrblhaeld fbr 100 guineas. While on theatrical matters, L .may observe that Professor Peppei, at.the,Sochool of Arts, has been curdling people'sbloodi in the.most approved style by some novelh dffects :in. his celebrated ghost" invention. The subject is the mu:der of Fisher, and is a familiar one Ito old colonists.-Sydneoy, Tuesday. 