3L Cerriblc Cimc. A New Zealand Stoby. BY ROBERT P. WHITWOBTH. We live this life, travelling over a broader or narrower ledge, between two vast abysses — the past and the future. Of the past abyss we know something, what we are taught, not of our own knowledge or experience; of the future abyss, nothing. Is the present life the be all and the end all? Is it. as religion teaches us, a mere precursor, a state of probation to another and a never ending life ? Or is it, as the ancients taught, one step in the never ending staircase of time, one rung in the ladder reaching to eternity ? Who knows ? Let schoolmen argue as they may, they are [still no nearer the great truth. And yet, for the better comprehension of the somewhat mar vellous story I am about to tell, it is necessary to raise the question. Was it a dream ? Neither at the time when the incidents I shall relate took place, nor now, do I know. I never could remember dreaming such a dream. Or was it one of those dim perceptions of a past state of being which sometimes, rarely though, occur to us, when we see a place for the first tim% and yet which seems strangely familiar when we perform an act which recalls a mysterious and imperfect memory of having done the same thing before? Spiritism, and other similar supernatural mountebankery, I ignore; witchcraft, and its attendant diablerie, I despise. I would account for the phenomena by natural laws alone. Ani yet I cannot. Nor is this a ghost story, or a record of the wild imaginings of a fevered or diseased mini. It is the truth, strange and weird as may seem some of its sur roundings, the simple truth. It was in the early part of December, 1864, that I, Philip Massey, started from our camp on the Shotover river for the Molyneux township, or, as it is now called, Cromwell, in order to sell some gold, and to bring back some stores, of which we should soon be in need. I was one of a party of four, who had worked together at many of the diggings in New South Wales and Victoria, and who had been about a year in New Zealand, located on Carmicoael's Creek, near the head of the Shotover, and under the lofty Mount Hyde, a spur of the Harris mountains. We were much further up the river than most of, the diggers, and were located in one of the wildest spots in that wild and almost inaccessible region. Our workings were on the side of a not very large terrace, on the creek, shut in nearly all round by precipitous cliffs and mountains, covered with huge timber. Wild as was the landscape, there was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, when the rata flower blazed in its crimson glory on the hill-sides ; and in the winter, when the snow-fields glistened in the sunshine, or the black birch forest wept in the rain storms of that gloomy and inhospitable region. It was a wild free life, an era in a man's existence, which, once experienced, can never be forgotten — a life, the memory of which comes back with a strange yearning years after ; and when a man may have settled down into a staid, mechanical rate-paying merchant, law yer, doctor, or what not — a life withal, of nnfiftrf.a-itify, of har*^Bnij-, of constant peril — peril of waters, when the raging floods came boiling and screaming down the gorges, bearing huge trees, boulders, ay, and too often, human beings, onward in their resistless force. Who has for gotten the time when tile whole of the lower part of the Molyneux valley was submerged, when fifteen men were drowned, amongst them the three brothers Lynch. Perils of land, as when the entire side of a hill tumbled bodily into the Shotover, bury ing I know not, nor was it ever known, how many unfortunate diggers in one gigantic tomb. Perils of starvation of being shut up by the snow as in a huge prison. Perils from the knife and pistol shot of the skulking thiuf and assassin, or the ruthless hushrauger. A wild, free, daring, Bohoiuian life— to-day poor, to-morrow rich, and yet, with all its hardships, its cold, its wet, its toil, so often fruitless toil, who, having once lived it, would not gladly live it again ?' ' As, I said, I (started from my camp for Cromwell to sell our gold and get supplies. We were on a good spot, and had got over a hundred ounces, and were of course in high spirits at our luck. Passing1 our camp, at a distance of a quarter of a mile, was the regular packers' track down the Shotover by the Arrow and Lake Hayes, and so down the Kaw-arau gorge, but tLis, the regular roa '., I Lud Jctoriain^a not tc take, partly because the wwsthsr was fine and promised to bold «p, «sd tats snow bad not yet began to mettasd ss) flood the creeks, said partly »»— ~nt there were some susptaous rlmsntw lower down the river whom it would bs as well to avoid, and who, bad ffcey sssa, me going, would, perhaps, have enessed my errand. There was a bland fasok leading over a fadd*ft in the Harris range, round the bend of the Arrow, across the Mbtatapu and the Contains* over the shoulders of Mount Pisa and ia into Hie Molyn enx valley and on to Crom well, a track which two of my tnatea had. _ been over, although I had not, and whin they pronounced quite qafe and easr to . find sad keep. Tie distance was some fifty miles, and although the way wag rough I might easily do it in two days. ^We had sat up rather late tibe night previous to my starting, arranging what stores I was to purchase, what money to deposit in the bank, and so on, and when I and my tent-mate, George Mbseley, rose to turn in it was nearly ten o'clock* It was half -moon, and a cold, clear, calm, cloudless night. Not a sound was to be heard except the hoarse bat not unmelodious hum of the creek over its shingle bed. We were both struck witfa. the beauty of the scene, and George, who was somewhat poetical, was jnst remark ing on the almost unearthly loveliness of the glistening glacier-clad double peak of Mount Aurum, which soars aloft in dM west, when I suddenly interrupted Jam with ' Hush ! what was t&atf; ' We stopped and listened. Not a sound save the mnrmuringetreamand the queru lous piping of the distant kiwi.* And yet 1 could nave sworn 1 neard the crackling of twigs, as if a footstep bad trodden on them at the rear of the tent. I darted quickly round, but no, nnfhiwg, I went a few steps into the bush, but still nothing, either to see or hear, and I returned, fancying I must have been mistaken. George, laughingly, said he supposed it was a kakapot, or a.]ca ka, feeding on the tutut berries, and we turned into our bunks, thinking no more of the matter. Next morninglwasupatdaybreak,nad breakfast, humped my swag, and was away before the bell birds had ceased their morning hymn. The gold I bad safely secured in my belt, my compass was in my pocket, and my faithful Der ringer hung at my hip. ' It was a glorious morning. Nothing I have ever seen can compare, - for gorgeous colouring, for bright yet solemn beauty, with a summer sunrise in the mountain district of New Zealand. Far above the «iim blue gray haze ffi«& envelopes Hie earth, shoot into theuppsr air the pure white scalps of the glacier topped peaks, which stand in confused profusion on every hand. Then slowly the dull sky is striped with flakes of purple turning to red and amber, and then to floods as of molten gold. The white ice peaks and snow fields are tinted with a delicate pink — the pink ? of the nautilus, which creeps apace down the slope, glinting brightly on the sharp prominences, and turning the dark shadows into rich purple. Then up springs the sun from his vast bath inline far away east, and peak overlapping peak, glittering like scattered masses of diamond, spring into huge tongues of prismatic fire. Such a scene as this I saw on ti£J&tm; early December morning, as I skt!r*'^i Mount Hyde, with the giant Motatapu on my left shoulder, forcing my way through the tangle of supple-jack, fern, and flax, of the low-lying bush, and then up, up through the thick red blos somed ratu, the dark birch and margin, and the bright-leaved veronica, and stall -up, over the beds of moss, box scrub and ~~~ snow grass, to the bare summit of the saddle, 6000 feet high. Then, what a view ! Far away in the north-west the dazzling glaciers of Mounts Eamslaa, 9000ft., and Aspiring, 10,000ft. in alti tude, and around on every hand a vast seaof mountains, of every possible variety of shape and ruggedness, the clouds and mist floated far beneath me. The prospect was most bewildering, and even, to my practised eye the possibility of recognising any particular mountain, except those with which I was famili^ seemed almost nopeless. Up to within a few hundred feet of the summit tiiere had been a clearly defined and well blazed track, for it was one frequently used by travellers between the Shotover and the Upper Arrow and Cardrowa diggings, - but at the point where I stood tiiere was nothing but bare rock, and therefore nougbt to guide me to the next timber. Still I knew that my course was nearly due east, and I could see the Motatapu river rushing north ward at the foot of the mountain ' a couple of thousand feet below me. With out a moment's hesitation, therefore, I descended, after consulting my compass, making m the direction of a distant lofty mountain, which, from its rounded top, I took to be Mount Pisa. I soon reached the timber, but was quite unable to find any sign of the track, although I must have lost many miles by travelling in a zig-zag direction in order to recover the blazed line. Clearly I was off my course, but that caused me no un easiness, &3 thecountry, although rugged, was open, and I was travelling eastward. By noon I had left the last timber behind me, had crossed the Mbtatapu and several other smaller streams, and hoped to cross the Cardrowa ere night fall. But as I advanced further into the solitudes the country grew more and more rugged, and more than once I had to retrace my steps. At last, after climbing the shoulder of a lofty hill, which I afterwards learnt was called Middle Peak, I was brought tn « tltwd — sfcuubtai fep-arxiring-ax the edge of a precipice, overlooking a deep, rocky ravine, surrounded, so far as I could see, by inaccessible cliffs. However unpleasant, there was nothing for it but to turn back and try another route. Sometimes eliding, sometimes scrambling, I arrived at the foot of tibe range, and skirting it, found myself at the entrance of a wide gorge or defile, between two lofty walls of precipitous rock. As I entered the gloomy portals a singular feeling of apprehension stole over me, a vague sensation of dread of something, I knew not what. Besides, the place seemed strangely familiar. I had certainly never been there before, and yet I found myself uncon sciously recognising the various features of the scene, the cleavage in the rock, the position of a huge boulder, tLj direc tion of a dry watercourse, and other circumstances, even to matters of jfctaiL The further t advanced the more tomiUar did the place become, and I found myself intuitively following what seemed to be a practicable route amongst the huge and piled up masses of * fallen, rock. Where, or how, or when, could X have seen this place before? or even. ? KUei.—The Apteryx, a. wingless bird of Mew Zealand. BBS \+ Kahipo, Ka- Ka.— New Zealand psrrots. i 7tuu. — A. poisonous plant, fatal to cattle. The Micros esp?c£; aa iuU&U;*iUn£ li-nwi fwa 0» varies. \--«mr::ifiiw:''i0nB rftf ''I carried my «£noryb*ckto the pUow I had been in. To tlHulwrois end gullies of New Sceth WsJm and GfegsUnd, the ravmes «# JBhoalhaven and ttt Blue Mountains, «pd the Murray Gates. Farther back tQ&eaanoasandquebradu; of Mexico, fiffflfarther, to the mountain puses in TfrlfSjiI** »t-^ Wales. Kb, nothing ^O^yT^ftvs dreamt it? It seemed jgpjMipJlMfi. 49ms I dreaming now P No, .1 was j»ide-a\vak«, and every sense on the tt'jVlIf'' 'f glamour? Pshaw, non tisnte; besides, the holders and masses / of broken rock were real, as I could feel. F I Mused irresolute for a moment, bat, although my heart was knocking at my xjtff and my whole frame shivering with m nameless terror, something seemed to impel me onward, as if I were seeking fjffflHafring, bnt knew not what. Yet there appeared to be something lacking, de place was the same as I seemed to have seen before and yet different. I soon knew how. Even as I thought, a gentle sough of wind sighed down the ravine, the sky darkened, a light rain began to fall, and, as is frequently the ease in these mountain districts, a thunder storm came on, peal on peal reverberating amidst the solitudes with a hideous «Lang. That was it. If I knew the place before, how much better did I know it now, for every flash of lightning, every bunt of thunder, seemed to be merely the reflex of what had been scared into- my brain at some remote period, ages ago, perhaps. And with all, and through all, came a vague consciousness, an idea which I could not form into shape, of crime, a dim foreshadowing of terrible ev£L Still, and although I would fain have retraced my path, an invisible power forced me forward in my search for the mysterious something of which I knew nothing, but which X bad a pre sentiment I should find. At last it came. The gorge or chasm down which I was proceeding grew narrower and still more narrow, more gloomy and savage, until it opened out into a nearly circular pit, perhaps a hundred yards across. Yes, there was what I sought, and my heart gave a bound of terror as I recognised it. To my left, and not twenty yards from me, yawned the mouth of a wide cavern in the rocky wall. Gladly would I have fled from the spot, but my trembling limbs still bore me onward. I was fasci nated, and passed within. Yes, exactly the same. In the dim half light I could, distinguish the charred embers in the tpAnnhift fireplace, the huge block of stone that served for a table, the smaller boulders that had been placed as seats. The floor was covered with a kind of fine ahingle of disintegrated granite and quartz, but here and there were patches and splashes of black, which I felt were the Btains left by human blood. Had this then been one of the sacred caverns of an extinct tribe of Maories, and these stones their sacrificial altars ? No, no, a thousand times no. I knew, I had the conviction, burning in my very soul, that those stains were the signs of a still more terrible crime. But what crime ? I seemed to have a consciousness, a dim, faded out, and yet ghastly recollection of one — whether as & spectator, or as one concerned, I could -not telL Whether, as I have said, it was merely the indistinct remembrance of a dream, I did not know, but that there was more beyond I felt assared. I looked round the cavern fearfully, as if I expected my ' eyes to be blasted with a new gorgon,' The thunder rolled sullenly without, the wind screamed down the gorge in fitful gusts, and the tain fell with a constant and dismal jjash, but all within was as still as the grave. The cavern narrowed off at its extremity into a kind of natural gallery, which again shot off into two openings, or inner caves, and into the left hand one of these I felt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, unwillingly, Btep after unwilling step, over that rocky floor, until I entered. Then my dream, or foreboding, or foreknowledge — call it what you will— was out. There, prone on the ground, lay the skeletons of two men. The bones and some vestiges of f»1n«iing were there ; the rats had done thereat. With a wild scream of horror I turned and fled, the outer cave seemed to spin round me in a mad whirl, and I must have fainted. When I recovered consciousness, the storm was over, bnt it was growing dark. I sat up on the floor and tried to collect my thoughts. Suddenly I remembered where I was — what I had seen — and I sprung to my feet in order to rush from \- the accursed spot. I had almost reached the entrance, when I was suddenly Startled and stopped by hearing the voices as of men in loud dispute coming down the gorge. My first impulse was to hail them, but it as suddenly flashed across my mind that I was alone, and that I had a valuable lot of gold in my belt, and what could honest men be doing in an out-of-the-way place like this P True, they might, lifce myself, have lost their way ; still it was better to be safe. I was armed, and if — great heavens ! I all at once remembered I had, a week before, taken my revolver to pieces for the purpose of cleaning it, had found the centre pin somewhat worn, and had put it on one side, intend ing to have sent it down to Dunedin to be repaired, and had put the imperfect, and consequently useless instrument back into the case and forgotten all about it. I was unarmed. What was to be done? Shuddering as I passed the left hand cavity, I darted into the right hand one. I found myself in what seemed to be a narrow passage or gullet jr, eloping up. ward, so far as I could distinguish in the semi-darkness, into the rocky heart of the mountain. Stumbling over the un even floor, I proceeded about a dozen yards forward, when further ingress was blocked up by a huge mass of granite, which seemed to have been rent from the roof by some convulsion of nature. Crouching behind a large fragment of stone, I stopped and listened. Presently, I heard the tramp of footsteps entering the outer cave, and the voices of men load in dispute. The dome-like roof caused the voices to have a singular dis sonant sound, and yet, in common with ?whit I have seen of the gorge and the ? cavern, they appeared to be, in some remote ''''^ familiar, not only the voices themselves, but the conversation, winch I seemed to have heard before. It was not quite dark yet, and, as I peered downward from behind my hiding-place, I saw four truculentlook ing ruffians ; three of them seated on the boulders I have mentioned, and the fourth lighting a fire with a heap of ** Wild Irishman.* Two of them I know; they belonged to the party camped loww down the Shotover than we were ; the other two were strangers. They were at high words, and the oaths and blasphemy with which their ? ''WTM. Kshmsoi,' a pricWy plant groxvin^ in the frnffiea of this tredess region It is ustd -u fuel by digg-ers and others in ttnae dialricia. language was interlarded were terrible to hear. At first I could not catch their conversation, but, as they calmed down somewhat, I soon found that I was the subject of it. The one who spoke most bad a slight impediment in his speech, and him I recognised as a suspicious character, known as Stnttering Harry, a recent importation from Victoria, who, if report spoke truth, was not entirely unacquainted with the interior arrange ments of Pentridge. ' I tell you I heer'd 'im plain enough arrange to start this mornin', an' to go by the Mount Harris track. Very well, that's the Mount Harris track, ain't it ? and there ain't no other.' ? 'Maybe he might have passed us,' suggested another of the ruffians. 'Patsy Carroll, you always was a fool,' was the savage retort. ' How could he pass us ? Didn't we wait for him at the South Branch ford since mornin', and he couldn't git acrost any where else, could he P' 'Maybe he wint tfa' other way, or maybe he didn't start at all,' persisted the one addressed as Patsy Carroll. 'Maybe this, maybe that,' was the reply. ' I tell you I was list'nin' out side the tent for half-an-hour, and heard it all. A hundred ounces he was to take, to come this way and no other, and to start at eunrise.' This then accounted for the footfall I had heard behind the tent the previous night. From their further conversation, I found that they had started from their camp at midnight, andhad waylaid me at a narrow passnear the ford of theMotatapu ; their object being not only robbery, bat mnrder. They had waited for me all day, and had come for shelter to the cave at night, believing that I had got bushed and had camped, and knowing that Imust pass that way next day. I learnt, too, that this place, which was a quarter of a mile or so off the track, was a haunt of theirs, and that the remains I had seen in the other chamber were those of two of their victims, their rule being to spare no one whom they robbed, but to take both gold and life. What an escape I had had, or, rather, had I escaped at all? No doubt they would leave early in the morning, so a$ to be ready for me, as they thought, a the ford, but how was I to pass the night * I did not dare move, and my constrained' position began to weary me. Had I not better make a dash for it. Nonsense ; they were all armed to the teeth, and I was defenceless. As I thought, my eyes had become a little more accustomed to the darkness, and I saw on my left hand what seemed to be a narrow opening in the rocky walL As I strained my eyes to pear into the gloom, I slightly altered my position, and, in doing so, moved a stone, which rolled noisily down the passage into the main cave. In an instant every man was on his feet. They stood for a second, and then with* wild yell, rushed for the gallery where I was. Unhesi tatingly, and without a thought of con sequences, I darted into the opening' on my left, and plunged madly forward into the thick darkness, regardless of falls over the rough footway, or bruises against the jagged walls. One, two, three pistol shots were sent after me, and I heard the flullets flatten against the rock, but I -was not hit. Deeper, and etQl deeper into the unutter able blackness I fled, along a tortuous path, sometimes to my right, then to my left, feeling my way with bleeding hands and arms. At last, completely fagged with my exertions, I stopped to rest and to listen. Wr.f.a sminri. T had rughofl rnndly nn I knew not how far, into the bowels of the mountain. It was enough tkat Iwas for the present beyond pursuit. But would the sleuth hounds abandon the chase ? Would they not follow me, were they not then warily but surely track ing me to the death? Or, still more probable, would they not wait for me at the entrance, whither starvation must sooner or later drive me. I had provisions which, taken spar ingly, would last me four or five days, but what then? Besides, I had no water, and I knew by bitter experience the pangs of thirst. Again I listened, laying my ear to the ground to catch the slightest distant footfall. The darkness and the silence were profound — a darkness that could be felt, a silence that seemed to render audible the voiceless stream of time. Strange to relate, but I suppose my worn-out physical endurance could stand no more, in the midst of my dismal re flections I fell asleep, at first into a broken and troubled doze, but afterwards into a sound, refreshing slumber. I have no idea how long I slept. It might have been minutes or hours. I had no means of judging. There was no day; no night. The same dense, impenetrable blackness ; the same insupportable silence. It was as if I had been hurled into oblivion; been precipated into an eternity where there was no life save in myself ; no time save that which fleeted past me. As I awoke I started up, the whole incident flashing across my brain — the start, the lost track, the double memory of the cave, the bushrangers, and the flight. What was to be done ? Should I go on still further along this fearsome path, or should I return and brave my fate ? But stop ! Which was forward, which was backward ? My heart gave a sadden bound as I remembered that I had turned round more than once in the dark, and had nothing to guide me as to which way I had come or was going. For the first time I struck a match, and looked about me. I was in a narrow, but rather lofty, and apparently very toifeiouo (for T could oaly oee a few feet beyond me on either side) gallery or fissure in a dark, purplish, granite rock. I consulted my compass, and saw that from the spot where I stood the cave ran north-west and south-east, but that told me nothing. At a venture I took the former course. But ere I had gone many yards I per ceived a new and undreamt of peril. The gallery branched off nearly at right angles into two arms; and, as I still proceeded, I found that the whole inte rior of the mountain was a network of subterranean chambers and corridors, leading from and to one another, like the meshes in, but without the regularity of, a spider's web. This, then, accounted for the robbers not having followed me. They knew that to have ventured into the intricacies of this network of caverns was to be lost, and I— why, then, and I— I was lost. As the truth flashed across my brain, I almost staggered with terror. I was lost, buried alive in the heart of this labyrinth. I hurried on in the dark, recklessly and at random, sometimes striking a match to see if I could identify a path by which I had come. No ; the same grim and gloomy rock on either hand, the same* nnonding darkness be fore and behind me. Oh, but this is too terrible ; and I felt my heart knock at my ribs, and the cold perspiration start from every pore as I tfosteiaplate/] the future. To L'ngrr in this dismal prison-house, to wander through these endless oells, ' for per chanoe two or three daye, and then, when nature can bear no farther, to lie down on the stony floor, and wait ior the cud. Would it not be better to finish it at .once tfimi endure this living death, this torture of suspense ? NojUfe was still sweet, and there was at least the chance of escape from this awful doom. But no time must be lost. Like the accursed Hebrew, I must go on, on, on ; no rest, no pause. Hour after weary hour I pressed forward, taking a snatch of food as I wandered. Hour after weary hour in the darkness, for I had expended my last match, and still no sign of deliver ance. Was it day or night? I knew not. Was the sun shining brightly over head outside, while I here? Oh, horrible ! And in a day or two would my mates be expecting me, looking anxiously for the one who would never, wver, never come — who would be lying, fetrioken to death perhaps 'u this dreadful place. The thought was madness, and I felt my brain reel under it. Still I went on. I screamed, I shouted, I bang, I prayed, I blasphemed by turns, yet kept ever on, walking, and frequently stumbling and falling, in my short snatches of sleep, but I seemed no nearer to the end of this interminable maze. A faint, dreamy kind of feeling of progression came over me. I felt no hunger, no thirst ; I experienced no fear, no anxiety, no fatigue. In the darkness 'I saw visions of houses, castles, green fields, wide forests, noble rivers ; and yet through all was the never-ceasing feeling that I must go on. Was I then going mad, or was this indeed madness ? Waking, as from a deep sleep, I looked round me ; for a time unconcernedly, as if it were too much trouble even to think. Then I began to muse wonderingly on what I saw. A nicely furnished room, with a clock ticking cheerily on the mantel-shelf, and a row of medicine bottles on each side of it. A bed, with hangings of mosquito net, and myself lying in it, and disinclined to move. Who, then, was ill ? Was it I ? It must be so, and if so, what was the matter with me ? Let me try to think. No, I give it up ; I cannot remember. Three days later dear old George Mosely is seated by my bedside. He has told me all he knows. I was in the Bridge Hotel, Cromwell, where I had been for over a week, and Jack Marsh had taken all sorts of care of me. It had been a near squeak, though. A party of diggers prospecting on the Lower Card rowa, near Mount Alpha, had come across me mad with brain fever, but still nn airing onward, shouting and singing as I went. How I had got there they could not imagine, for I appeared to have come from the direction of the ranges, where there was neither track, nor, as they said, the possibility of finding one. They had taken me to their camp, and had kindly enough, and at no little trouble and. expense, brought me down to Crom well for medical attendance. I had been talking the most outrageous nonsense ever was heard about caves, and murders, and bushrangers, and — but there, what was the use of talking — it was all happily over now, and ia a day or so I should be able to be up. When I grew stronger, and as the dread incidents I have related became more and more clearly imprinted on my memory, I called George and the doctor together, and, as connectedly as I could, told them my story. They humoured me by pretending to believe it, but I could see that they put it down as the mere sick fancies of a fevered brain. I gas still too weak to argue, so I let them nave their way, determining soaw usyro convince them.. But I never have. I have sought in vain for the gorge and cave (for my mates have even humoured me so far as to go with me in search), and sometimes am inclined to believe with them' that it is a fevered dream. Still it is singular that the party lower down the river should have suddenly disappeared when it was rumoured that I had been found, and that Stuttering Harry and Patsy Carroll were never again heard of in those parts. That is my story, and that is how I am grey, nay, white, at forty. 