..■■.in. —... LIZZIE WARD HOPE'S PUCK. [Concluded.] A VERY different scene from our last. We j- are in Cape Town, South Africa. A strong e sun is sending its afternoon radiance straight s up one of the streets running at right angles 3 to the quay. As two men, seeming by their e dress to belong to the merchant service, walk r up the street, the flashing waters of the bay , are at their back, and before them the Tabic i Mountain heaves its broad shoulders high • in the air. They enter a house of entertain ' ment much affected by seafaring men, and are soon busy supplying the wants of nature. One of the men is weather-beaten, clad in rough bine, and, altogeter smacks more of salt water than his companion, who has more the appearance of a young gentleman rigged for a 3‘achting excursion. They were not very talkative. They had finished their meal, lighted a cigar each, and turned to the window, when the younger and least sailor looking, who had picked a limes from a pile of old papers, and was glancing down the columns, exclaimed— “ By Jove 1 the old hoy is gone ! ” “ What old boy 2 and where gone, if you please, Medway 2" “ Old Sir Thomas, captain—the old cur mudgeon 1 You have heard me speak of him.” “ Who should have stumped up or come down, hut who never either stumped up or came down, eh 2 ” “ By Jove 1 he must have left mo some thing. I know I was in his will, but Mallet, tho old sneak, will have cut me out if he could, I must go back with you after all, captain.” “ All right; you don't think of making your fortune amongst the Kaffirs this bout ? ” 111 must look after this, you know ; there may be as much as enable me to settle down to something.” Settling down’s not in your line, I doubt ? ” “ Well, but look here, captain, I must do it; when I shipped with you at Glasgow I i had fixed to cut the scene- painting; it didn’t do ; and I thought I might go in for 1 the steward or purser sort of thing ; and ■> then, you know, it struck me I might get into something good here ; but this, you see, might be a shorter road than either to what i “ That depends on nhat you want.” s “ What I want is a settled and comfortable s crib, to take the prettiest and nicest girl to i in all Scotland; or England, either, for that s matter.” i “ Ah 1 a girl is at tho bottom of it.” i “ You want to get married 2 ” 1 “ I am married already.” ( “ Ho ho, that’s it is it; and where may the ] nicest, &c.;, girl, or wife, be awaiting your ] lordship’s convenience ?" 1 t “She is staying with her. rather and s mother, who don’t kr.ow that she is married. 1 I didn't want our folks to know of it either, 1 and had neither home nor settled income.” i Would you not have been better to let r the marrying as well as the housekeeping c stand by a little 2" i “ Look here captain, were you ever in 1 “ Well, I suppose so,” - c “You will understand, then, how, nfter 1 having been kicked out by her father, with whom 1 was lodging ivhen we fell in love— 1 the old Covenanting beggar would have none c of me—and meeting her by accident when t she wgs making a prolonged' visit to a rela- t live all present considerations wen\ tg \\]\<i £ “ You must have beqr\ lad)- • “ Dear little Crisis > - , ^ ?» “Vhi isab *- A must go back at qpe#— ■ uer Up . i am really getting .j aoout her.” “ Itcally,” interjected his companion. “ My last letters were never answered ; but I have been running about so much. Old Sir Thomas must have left me something handsome, When do you sail, captain 2 In three days 1 Good.” A flourish of our harlequin blade, and we are back again in the old country. A lawyer’s office in thq country town of a northern English shire, and the lawyer himself sitting nibbling his pen and thinking, behind an old time-worn desk. The lawyer looks eld and time-worn too, but his eye is still bright and keen, and a humorous curl of the upper lip indicates the sarcastic jocularity for which Lawyer Snell is famous. He hears some one enter the outer office and inquire for him. He lays down his pen, and fixes his eyes expectantly on the door. When the door opens and his visitor be comes distinctly visible, he jumps from his seat, stares for a moment in the face of the new comer, utters the exclamation, “ Good God ! ” and sinks back in his seat again. “ Anything wrong, old Snell ? ” “Good God!” exclaimed Lawyer Snell again, still continuing to stare helplessly at his visitor, and then added, “ can it be pos sible ? Arthur Medway I ” “ Well, I think you should know me when you see me ; it’s not so seldom I’ve come through your hands, lawyer. What are you staring at ? Do you take me for a ghost 2” " I really think you must be—and yet, no ; for I understood you had given up the ghost,” and the lnwycr could no more help chuckling in the midst of his excitement at his joke than he could help cracking it when it was between his teeth. “Look here, lawyer, some one else has given up the ghost, hasn’t he 2 I saw it in the papers—the old gent has kicked the bncket 2” “ If you mean your uncle, Sir Thomas .Medway, that is beyond a doubt—but stop. What do mean by dying and getting buried in Glasgow, and then coming alive and dart ing in on people this way, nearly frightening them out of their senses 2” “ I don’t know what yon mean.” “ When Sir Thomas was ill he wanted, of course, to see you—we discovered your nom de-brush—” “ Sorley ?’’ “ Yes, Sorley, and hunted about till we ran you to earth at Glasgow, in a hole called the Royal Infirmary, anil found by an entry in the books there that Arthur Sorley had died at such a date, and at such another date been buried—friends unknown.” “ The confounded blockheads ; I lay there for some time after an accident, but I got better.” “ Well, it would seem so.” “ I see it—I see it; look here, there were two of us hurt, Jem l’urdie, the scene-shifter, and I. We were carried off together, but poor Jem breathed his last just as I got on my pins and cut. They must have trarts posed the names ” “ Not a bad guess, Arthur, not a bad guess ; your travels have brightened you up. If you hadn’t come in for something better, I would almost have taken you hack and tried to make something of you and this seemed to be some kind of a joke, for the lawyer chuckled again. <• But if you were not buried, where were you hiding 2" “ There was no hiding about it. I went a voyage with an-old friend of mine and a distant relation of your own, Captain Job son. I met him in Glasgow the first day I was able to use my legs. He was sailing for the Cape the next day, and so I shipped with him as purser.” “Aspurser ! ha 1 ha I” “Yes, I must do something yon know. But cerne—how much is it?—I was in his will, wasn't 12 " “ His will—why—good heavens 1 is it possible you don’t know ? ” “ Know what 2 what have I done now 2” “ Well, this is the most extraordinary ”— “ Look here, lawyer, if there is anything, I want it at once—to stock a farm or some thing. I must settle down." “ I say again is it possible you.do not know that you come in, not for something, but for everything—that you are Sir Thomas's heir— that, in short, you are now Sir Arthur Med way—and here am I Arthuring yo’u—God bless me 1" “ Come now, lawyer, I know you are fond of a joke—but, look here, I am serious.” “ It’s as true as that—you are not dead and buried.” “ John Medway is the heir, you know—has always been it—I am only a grand- nephew.” “ He does not know that either I John Medway broke his neck at a bad ditch two weeks before Sir Thomas breathed his last-” ' “ Has he no children 2" | “ Not a soul alive.” It was now the young man’s turn to stare. , “ How Mallet will swear 1" . - “ What about Mallet 2” “ Mallet, you know, came after you, and ’ ho has taken possession. He and Kate are at ’ the Hall now. You will haTe to take Kat« I after all; the estntes lie nicely together.” " Is Kate not spliced yet ? The old beg . gar, had he not enough already J" “ I have never yet seen the man,” said the lawyer, dryly, “ who objected to a little more. But we must lose no time in advising 1 him that he is a usurper. You must come, s with me to the Hall. He will, no more than e Saint Thomas would have done, believe in your ressurrection till he has pinched your J arm, or perhaps till you have punched his [ Hr.s Wardrope was startled one afternoon by the sudden entrance of her lodger of 18 months back. He found her alone; and after u short greeting, of rather an uncertain and tremulous kind on the part of the good woman, he inquired for Lizzie. “ Wbaur’s Lizzie, say ye I Whaur say ye she is ? She left this aicht months sin’.” “ Left! ” “ The truth is, her faither put her oot, or at least tell't her tae gang aboot her busi ness. She saiil she was merrit tae you ; they didna believe her, but still I thocht she wad be wi’ you.” “ But her out! What did you put her out for ? ” " Jacob and Grizzel couldna bide the shame in a respectable faimily.” 11 What shame ?” “ She was in the faimily wcy.” Good God I And you don’t know where " Nae mair than the man i’ the mune.” Arthur, or, as we should now say, Sir Ar thur, swore that he would murder old Jacob behind his counter if anything had gone wrong with Lizzie. The first thing, however, was to find her; and where to seek ? Beyond doubt she would go to some of the places from which his rare letters had been dated. He rushed out at the door, but when in the street had to pause and think what should be done first. He must endeavour to discover the whereabouts of the dramatic company he had been connected with. There was no re gular theatre in Kippleton, but at one of his : old haunts he learned that the company had bean broken up and scattered. He succeeded after two or three days of rushing hither and thither in discovering the fprmer manager, who thought he recollected a young woman l such as was described inquiring for Mr Sorley i at Kilmarnock, or some other place in the west, I think,” added his informant, “ it 1 was shortly after you were laid up by the ac cident which made an end of poor Jem Purdie, and she would probably be sent to 1 Glasgow.” To Kilmarnock Sir Arthur went t first, but no one he spoke to there remem- t bered anything about Lizzie. He went on l with a heavy heart to Glasgow. Chapter IV. f At this time there was in the Trongate near the foot of the High Street of Glasgow’ a not very showy, v,.ut apparently well stocked, double shop, where miscellaneous v soft goads were disposed of to customers V 9B05(ly of the middle class, who liked an’ J article both good and cheap. One window was devoted to the display of fancy articles which we do not undertake to name or- ue- b aciibe, adapted to feminine requirements* h the other was filled witft gloves, ties, ami ether wares suitable for' gentlemen! ’ The “ presiding genius of this emporium was Mrs h iJtWiiapple, a widow lady of goodly propor- b tions, sharp eye, and nimble tongue. Toller lid she lias called two or three assistants of a tier own sex, chief over whom was Miss a Nippet, or the ‘* Vinegar Bottle ” as she was h irreverently tended by the two younger J members of the establishment, who had to P sbey her behests. As Mrs M'Whapple did v not appear in the shop any day till after '0 breakfast, and as she was often up. stairs tl luring the day “ oomfqrting ”• herself, a good « Jeal of the manage ment devolved on Miss '1 Niopst. . >■ With neither Miss Nippet pqy Jr Whapple have we very ^nu;ds 4- *' * .rs Mc jertain day in the ^eW***~ ^ no, oil ^ < aver whi9h t.bey. ^ _u of 18—the shop 1 die • ...gneil was destined to be - f1'"- - or one of the scenes of our little 1 -ma—a scene which Miss Nippet declares “she will ne’er forget till her dyin’ day.” 1 She called it a “ denouement," for, strange to : say, vinegar-tempered and steeiy hard as she was in her dealings with real men and women —particularly tha latter—she read novels in secret, and sniffed over the woes of imaginary heroes and heroines. “ Is that woark com’t in yet, Miss Nippet?” inquired Mrs M'Whapple on that particular forenoon, immediately after she had assumed the sceptre of command. It may be re marked that Mrs M'Whapple, and Miss Nip pet too, aimed at speaking “ proper,” and considered they achieved their aim. “No, Mem,” said Miss Nippet, “it have “ Noan of it ?” “ No wan stock of it." Mrs M'Whapple manufactured some of her goods as well as retailed them. One of Miss Nippet’s duties was to give out needlework to be done at home, to receive it, and pay for it, which business she transacted at a corner in the back end of the shop. “ Mrs Jamieson will be wile ; she was promised her things on Tuesday. Who was it you sade had it out?” “ Lizzie Wardrope.” “ She’s a ynisless, careless crectur, that. She’s avc late.” “ She'll get nothing for’t this time, and no another steek from me. She says her nee bor’s not well, and her bairn to min’, A fine excuse.” “ Bairn 1 has yon thing a bairn ?” “ Deed has she ; a weedow, she says, but,” Miss Nippet left the conclusion of her re mark to the imagination of her hearer. “That’ll no do, Miss Nippett.” At this moment a gentleman entered the shop. Mrs M'Whapple when present always served the gentlemen herself, so, clearing her brow, and assuming the smile she re served for such occasions, she went round to the “ gentlemen’s Eide.” “ How do you do, Mrs M'Whapple ? I was passing through, and just called in to dis charge a small account you have against me. Perhaps yon don’t remember me ?” “ Perfectly well, sir, Mr -,” turning over the leaves of her day-book, for she re membered the debt better than the name. ‘■Mr-Sorley, can I show you anything while making out the account ?” “ I want some gloves.” We need not say that this is onr friend Arthur Sorley, alias Sir Arthur Medway, who, after an unsuccessful endeavour to get on the trace of Lizzie, was faking the opportunity which time and changed circumstances af forded of squaring a few matters which stood against him in certain books. He had not failed to call atthe Infirmary, found the mis take as to the transposition of names had ac tually occurred, and called up a dim recol lection in the mind of one of the officials that a young woman had once inquired about him, and received the erroneous information. This did not help him to find Lizzie, but added immensely to his anxiety about her. Sir Arthur was examining the gloves, and Mis M'Whapple was busy with her pen, when the former became aware of a dialogue going on at the inner end of the counter behind him. The hardly audible tones of a soft pleading voice alternated with the rasping accents of Miss Nippet. “ I tell you I can give you nothing for’t. And I’ve no more woark for you.” “ I really could not help it. My friend has been ill, and my baby was troublesome. W ill you not pay me, and give me a little more l I will get on bettor now.” Sir Arthur's heart bounded at the sound of the voice, and, turning, he found it belonged to a little woman poorly but neatly clad in dark diapery, whose back was towards him. “ I tell you no; singel women that hiv The pleader here suddenly turned to leave the shop, and Sir Arthur saw the face, which, though pale and worn, was still his own Lizzie’s. She started and looked up at the speaker, but not till she was half past him, and the light of the doorway shone on his face did she recognise him. Then with a screm, which souuded something like his name, she sprang into his open arms and fainted. He held her reclining in his arms, and both Mrs M'Whapple and Miss Nippet came hurrying to the rescue. '" We never thought she was quite the thing,” said the former, " we will hev to get her out.” “ Sich a like thing ! " chimed in Miss Nippet. “ Sich a piece of impidence 1 If you please, sir, let me by till I gee one of the poleese to take her home." “ What! who ? ” roared Sir Arthur. Do you know whom you are speaking of ?—she is my wife—she is Lady Medway 1—call a cab, this instant,” and he bore her nearer the air. She opened her eyes just as he uttered the last words, and wasable to stand and lean upon him while one of the younger girls brought the vehicle. “ Don’t speak a word just now. You are safe now, my darling. Wait till I get you out of this.” As for Mrs M'Whapple and Miss Nippet, their mouths opened with one consent;. but they could not get a word out suitable to the oc casion—they were frozen up with astonish ment—till Lizzie ’ was being carried to the cab in the loving arms of her husband ; then Mrs M'Whapple so far regained the power of motion and of speech as to drop a curt sey, and “ Hope she would hev their custom.” After they were seated in the cab, “ Now, Lizzie, where will I take you l You must be staying somewhere.” “Oh yes j you must coma..with me and see’’—'' '■ “Where? where?” Lizzie gave the street and number, alu cabby drove on. “ But Arthur, I thought—they told me yot were dead !" and a burst of tears relieved hci exceedingly. “ Yes, yes, my girl—a stupid, mistake,’ And as the cab rolled oil, question and an swer, interrupted occasionally by certain de monstrations with which we have nothing to do—followed each other very rapidly. “ Hut Arthur,” said Lizzie, after much had been told on both sides, “who was that! heard you speak of just as I was getting better ? You said, 1 This is Lady Medway*’— where was she V' “ Why, Lizzie, you goose that is you 1 Along with the fortune 1 told you I had come in for, there is what is called a title, and 1 am now,” straightening himself up with an as sumption of pride, “ Sir Arthur Medway, and my little Lizzie”—a demonstration here— “ is JLndi/ Medway ?” I " Oh, Arthur, I could never be it.” “ But you must be it, except you divorce Here t he cab stopped at the “ close mouth’’ through which Lizzie’s poor dwelling was ap proached. Sir Arthur after telling the cab man to wait, followed Lizzie through the pas sage with many expressions of disgust. 'When he entered the cellar, dimly lighted by asmall back window, Lizzie was lifting something from a drawer which stood support, d Dy a couple of ricketty stools. Turning, she put the something into Sir ArthurVarms. - “ Look here. Lizzie I why did you not teli me about this?” “ I didn’t want to write. X wanted to” “ To tell me yourself, you little minx 1 Well, well—come along out of this.” Sir Arthur wus now aware of a woman sit ting by the unkindled lire, wrapped in a “ This is Janet that I told you had been so kind to me.” Sir Arthur at once took her by the hand. “ I wonner wha’s been kindest,” said Janet, II Ye’ve had aneuch a-dae vyi’ me for twa or three | weeks. But X’ny strong noo, an’ gattn oot tae luck aifter wark the morn. Hae ye broebt sonje for yersel’? ” “ Janet I oh Janet! She would not pay me for the last—but—oil Janet! this is Arthur!” “ Leevin’ aifter a’.” “ Come alive 1 It was all a mistake.” . “ And this, Janet, is my wife, Lady Med •vay, who instead of forking for Mrs Mc iVbapple may now when she likes get Mrs UeWhapple to work for her.” “ Led dy Maid way 1” b But come, come out of this, and you will tear all about it. Get yourself dressed up a ittle.” “ I’ve nae dress tae dress wi’,” said Janet; ‘an’ what for wad I gang oot o’ my ain louse ? Ng, na ; tak’ Leezie wi’ ye if ye be icr man, but me—na, na.” Sir Arthur and Lady Medway had already irranged that Janet was to go with them in lome capacity or another, and be made eom ortable. fio, after a good deal of talk—for ianetwasiaolinedto.be “ thrawn,” pa (ho joint—-it was arranged that she was to - ■ide herself next day with sQRroJi1' f,10" Sir Arthur provfd.aj fto ■•oer c'°J;lies hem at the Lftl'a1 -•vans) and call on vkere Siv 'X*rh • motel, George Square, yq§ j--' „ur was staying, and where he ** ' ..erntined to take Lizzie that very ..ight in the best dress she had. “ And now, Lizzie,” said Sir Arthur, some days afterwards, “ since you and Janet are rigged out, we must away home to Medway Hall. I hear it is cleared and quite ready for “ V> nereverand whenever you like Arthur, said Lizzie, “ hut-1 would like to see my mother first.” “And your father and Giizzel too, I sup P°“Vell—yes." “ Confound them 1 ” « They will he friends with us now I think, Arthur; and you knotv we should forgive our enemies, let-a-be” (Lizzie had got a little Scotch, but the year’s private educa tion which is proposed for her before she makes a very public entrance into high life, will put her all right) “ let-a-be our friends. “Queer friends. But look here, Lizzfe; I’m not going to mount any high horse about your friends ; they are quite respectable, and if they change their tune I’ll not stand be tween you.” She had her way, and w« may imagine the Mutter which took place in No. 13 Main-street, Kippleton, when Sir Arthur and Lady Med way were announced by Janet—from want of any resident ofiicml to perform the ceremony —and the “ scape-grace” and despised Lizzie (“ dressed tae the nines 1" Grizzel afterwards said), with a beautiful child in her arms, stepped into the sitting-room where the family was assembled at the midday meal. Grizzel’s “ e’en nearly bin’d in her heed ” again ; Jacob rose and looked quite disres pectable with amazement ; Mrs Wardrope rushed at Lizzie, seized the baby, and clasped it to her maternal, or rather grand-maternal, bosom. Sir Arthur made an explanatory speech, during the course of which the company was solicited more than once to “ look here.” Jacob followed with some apologetic gasps, Grizzel’s face fixed itself into a gtastly grin, and Mrs Wardrope took refuge in tears. “ Father, we must be friends,” said Lizzie, “aud Grizzel, too. Mother and me (mind your grammar, Lady Medway 1) were aye friends.” And friendliness was the order of the day. Before leaving, Grizzel was invited to pay a month’s visit at once to Medway Hall, Jacob was commissioned to foiward a regular supply of his finest fish (for which he ar ranged in his own mind he would only charge a fair price), and Mrs Wardtope was presented with a beautiful shawl, so that eryone was left happy and contented. Jacob was heard to remark as he returned from seeing them to the carriage, that “ it was very respectable—very—to hae a knicht for your gudeson, and a leddy for your dochter.” 