?The Prince of Wales 'lifts, to the great satisfaction of the, British.,, community, taken up, an importunt public position of late., ?? His chairmanship of the English Commission appointed for the purposes of , the Paris' Eshibitioin was eminently grntifving j and, considering the really valuable1 services he rendered on that occasion, the promise of .hie presence at the Melbourne Exhibition will be generally , welcome. ^Recently ho has shown himself irorthy of the po sition of sovereign. Practically, indeed, lie is such. He represents his mother in most public matters ; nnd consider ing the age to which Queen 'Victobia has arrived, it is not likely that she1 will again tako a part in national affairs, except such as, may arisq between her self and her Cabinet. The iPrince of 'Wales is now paBt youth, and is, in fact, reaching the meridian of middle age ; yet, tliough 'he' may idisap pear from the scene .before he can be actually , crowned, he is already enjoying the' ? position of a monarch. ' It is riot'to be diifjuisejd that up to the year 1S71 the British nation regarded^l)is assumption; of (:h.e sovereign nower with . a cood deal of susoicion. ? Articles 'About his! d6bt8 and (we are sorry to sny) bis amoUrs'freely appeared in newspapers ofjSfandiijg, and carica tures representing hiiii as following that polishedgentleMan— Q-EORGEtheIpui:th; — in the same way that Hamlet fol lowed the ghost of his father, iwere commonly depicted in the comic prints. The severe illness which assailed him about the end of 1871 resulted Jn an entire change in, his character and con duct. He now possesses the confidence of the nation, and for. the. last 'eight' years, he has . done . much to deserve general esteem. We are moved to these remarks by the two announcements in our ; tele graphic columns that the Prince of 'Wales has determined to visit Australia on the occasion of the Melbourne Exhi bition, and that he has recently made, a speech in the House of Lords on the second reading of that old attempt at legislation— the Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister. Bill. It is not advisable for an heir apparent to pub licly express opinions about politics, but everybody will welcome the utterances of so illustrious a personage on a social matter. Tlie Prince of 'Wales spoke in favour of tlie measure, but it WHS never theless rejected — as it always has jbeeu by the Upper House at Westminster. The bench ?; of bishops has invariably offered tlie most persistent opposition to this Bill,' atid ' in matters which in volve religious considerations, the bisliODs.have alwavs a verv laree fol lowing in the. House of Peers. And in truth,' there is only one argument in favour of such a measure, which is worthy of the smallest consideration. The colonies have generally adopted it, and it would lie a compliment to the colonies if the law were universally laid down that a man can marry the sister of his deceased , wife. A woman , who marries in a- colony and finds herself without legal protection aB soon as she gets to the 'old country is obviously exposed 'to disadvantages. \ But, as far; as England is concerned, the measure is objectionable. It can'' do no good, and it may do harm. The agitation has throughout been main tained by a few rich men in the Ilouse of CoirimoiiB. These have brought to bear importunity and influence on party managers, who never cared a straw whether: a,, man vras able to. mnrry the sister. of[H.is'aeaj wifeiqr'not. The|gain' of half-a-dozen- votes was cheaplvjpur -chased 'atithe/exfjense of truckling to an uniinp'o'rtant''(itl6tchet.i ? Thus we pave, agpin and agaip, the- preBeptationi of a question of the. most worthless Jdnd, simply -?- because-^ -statfesmeai |have considered' ..it ;eqiially ;:und68ferving of' either' ' support''' 'or opposition.' (The '. principal argupenl;.,. against; the measure has' always been that a sister should remain as. such, no matter from which side of the family slie may come. The progpect.; of a sister converting herself into- a wife completely alters her status. She becomes an object of sus picion, and in many cases is regarded as a schemer. According io thp English law, she- is the natural guardian of the ? children ; but under different cir cumstances she might come under the category of.- rival Buifccir. Ifotwith standing, the only rule of government in communities of this type is the will of the 'majority ; 1 and as far as the { colonies are' concerned,, the .mnjbrity have given 'their voices in favour of this change. Probably the Prince' of 'Whales, in view of his visit to tlio, colonies, had an eye to this aspect of the subject. As long as the . British Empire holds together, the law. for one ought to bo the law for all in matters of' such sanctity as marriage. At any; irate, as the Prince ; is practically deprived of the chance., of marrying any .of his wife's sisters he must be given credit for disinterested motives. He evidently argued the question on public grounds. The majority in the colonieB have re solved that marriages of this kind should be lawful, and it -is aB weli that they should be lawful in all civilised British communities, since the preservation of the sanctity of the marriage state ranks amongst the first duties of a cultivated nation, We are of opinion that.,the mistake of these mar riages should never have been com mitted ; but aB they have been,! the support of a legalising Bill is not with out reason. In any case, the Prince of Wales has established his claim to the, iSi^isideraitiijii of ^ tile cbtonies, japd we'-dSjibt not''ttat he willj receive! a hearty vwelcome. -. He deserve^ it. ? TnE weather reminds us of some of .the. .pasaag68.-in..l'-Kiug- Lear.' . . It .is '?trouiendous.' ? The ; details^ which will be'found in ;anothdr- column, must bring-our-aldermen-'to a -consideration of theif posilion as regards the question of drainage. The coffer dam i at : the, dry dock lias been broken down* and the dock itself is flooded. All the low lying Ijiuds on bpth, sides of thp river are covered with! watpr, in gome cases ,!to the depth' of. eight feet. ?; In; SbUth' Brisbane, ' tor ? eixamplej / the ground around the functions ; of; . Stan-, ley, ?? Hope, artd ' O-rey 'streets )is,' sithply impassable ; and if the present downfall goes oj^.tblp, only rouipdabout ?way,in,which ony egress can be secured to the. bridge will be ;cut-ofF. The in habitants of that important part of the town 'will have to' recard. their dwellincB as islands in ^hat.^Ir,, PisitAELi; called 11 the, midst of a melancholy, ocean.' The clerk of the weather has plainly behaved without due' discretion, j He ib sendiiig down a large amount of( cold waiter whiqh might have been re markably acceptable a few months ago, but.which is totally uncalled for- at the' present moment. The aldermen are not responsible for the. actions of this , eccentric personage, '.',.npr can they help the inroads of the,, river upon the dry dock. But the, immense accumulation of water upon low- lying grounds fur-, nishes an additiotidl'reaiion in favour of. removing it— j-wi^h;or without the sew-' erage. Ifl.B season, like this the city becolnes unworkable.' - i ? 