Br 43 to 38, the thin] leading pf % JBeform Bill has been agreed to. Whether tiiis is wifficient to eecare ita entrance iato the Upper House remains to be proved. Bat there is plenty of room for a difference of opinion on this head; and reference to the 60th daoae of the Constitution Ad -will show the point there is in thi* statement. That clause reads, in the Only part germaDe to the matter, as follows:—No bill shall be signed by the Governor for an alteration of the Constitution " unless the second and third readings of such Mil shall have Seen passed with the concurrence of an absolute majority of the whole members of the Legislative Council and of the Legislative. Assembly- -respectively." The question arises,..does..this language mean an absolute majority of the whole number of members, namely, 86," of winch -the Legislative Assembly is. .composed, or does it only mean a» absolute majority of the number of members which there are at die time the second and third readings of the bill are taken ? If it meaas the former, then the Kll is lost, 'tepatiBe 43 Is only the half of 86, and, therefore, would not constitute the absolute majority which, in this view of the case, would be necessary. On the other hand, if the provision only means the namber of members who are actually in existence when the readings come oS, then the Government has secured an absolate" majority of the Assembly for the third reading of tbe^bill, because, owing to the vacancy for Villisrs and fleytesbury, only 85 members exist; and 43 is, of C0UT86, an absolute majority ; of that number.^ We shall : not attempt to give a definite opinion upou . this knotty point.' It is a matter for the lawyers to deal* with, In conjunction'with the Bomewhat modified wording of the last Electoral Act; and .-we venture .to .sBy. there will be a great 'deal of wrangling amongst them before. the point is finally decided. - Setting Aside this question, however, for the present, what & sony spectacle doaa the .vote of .Friday morning present: When the second reading of the bill was taken on tiie 25th of last/September, 50 voted for it, and 28 against it. By that time its provisions had been thoroughly ventilated, apd every kno wn HvsS scheme- had been trotted oat against it. It cannot be said, then, that any member gave his vote in ignorance of the provisions ofthe bill. Hetmewwell what he was doing at the time; he knew the.whole' thing dtapter and verse; and it is to be presamed, therefore,- that -the members who voted with the Government on the second. reading were satisfied at the time that tbe bill aa it stood was the right thing to be carried. Certainly 1 wo of those who-voted: for the second reading declared they would vote against the third reading if some of the provisions were not amended. Bnt all tie rest gave it .their unqualified support; and it was reasonably enough thought, therefore, that by that vote die bill was placed beyond the reach of danger. What caused, then, eo great a change to occur to jeopardise ' the chance of the bill finding Its way to the Council? The reply is a display of ratting that IB aa onexplainable, on anything like reasonable grounds, as it is disgraceful in its manifestation. One sample. of this phenomenon may be given here; and it as striking an in- •tanceof how little aomepublic men care about the views, which they have expressed in the immediate past, as any person could desire to learn on such a subject. Speaking to the second reading of the bill, Mr MUKEO delivered himself as follows :—" There is, however, a~ ; jpHiM5ple in the bill which, if properly applied, I would approve of. I allude to the proposal to - appoint nominee members of the Upper Chamber. Carefully guarded and put in force, as it ought to he, the nominee system womd be found to be vety useful in the constitution of a good Upper, Chamber." Now Mr MUHBO sees everything- that is - bad in a nominee Upper House, and is at a loss to understand hDw the Ministry can radbere to snch a proposali This Bort of thing is only equalled by the attitnde which the Age has lately taken-ap towards ihe Mlnistiy, and which, there can be no doubt, has had everything to do with the change which has taken place in the views of the rats between the second and third readings. Writing onihe l6th September last, the Age said:—" The section of Mr BEBBY'S dealing wfth the relative powerti pf the House in . regard' "to money wis, and the'wction making, the Upper Ponse a nominee, - instead -of ran elective onB, together have a tendency to |diminish the tem|Aation to quarrel; and on that^ocount we plwil be -very glad to pee theai becatoe law." "Now, Msa Age isees .everything thajTis bad .in the ^th. clanse and. nomineeism i. «nd cootem^' has done all it -can to get both . :. and out , Uie Hoose,: that lias flown the - majority which the try secured on the third reading to bat occurred last Friday morning; and is falling-off has thrown the whole quesion of reform Into almost inextricable ion. The . ostensible reason pat ar3 iiuaae jbe 'Hoose "jfw.'ciwifine'i " difficulties' IsLOwt tile ' other, •••dtemevw&idd; dbe^ pgionly.: tato-r^m'Witb ope of these alternatives, there will be no difficulty in securing the Council's auction to it. Bat everybody knows the buncombe that is mixed up with this kind of pleading. Mr BEBEY has offered more than opoa to adopt any scheme which the Gdimdl will agree ' to that will attain the" he desires to secure. Bat the Council has refused to make any sign of giving way ; And the bill it has framed is siniiply calculated to make the difference tietween tbe two Houses only wider than jever. When Mr EEID proposed die Norwegian scheme in the Coancil, only a few weeks ago, he was sat upon right off, and told to takB back his proposal in a manner the intent of which there was : no possibility of "aiisundeistanding. . . In the face of these facts, then, the statement that the Council will -accept -the Norwegian scheme,-or any other Bcheme, that will put a stop to deadlocks, and make the will .of the majority of the electors supreme, is simply so mach rubbish, which, wten used, may serve a political purpose in the House, but which, will certainly not impose upon people outside of the most ordinary understanding. \- They Can see through subterfuges of this kind clearly enongh; and the people would certainly be -blind indeed if they were imposed upon , by such double-dealing. The action of tha Ministry -will be regarded with no little interest during the next few days, aa,it is for the Government, to decide what coarse is to be punraed in view of the difficalties into which, the..^orin"; question has dropped.. But one thing iajpretty sort.' No matter what -scheme of reform the Minis try brought down the -result wOold have -been the same.' No end -of faults would „have been found in it, to farther tin objects, of thc»e who loqg for pace and pay; and it will be just the same with any reftittn' Sfcheine "th» » introduced, if the present Ministry staonld, on appeal fo the'eountry, be unsucceasfuTln getting their policy accepted. . It.js.to.be hoped, however, that the conntry frtand by the Ministry, when .the appeal |a|toss plac8--which will ao /doqbt be eoopr-ar all chance of getting. coostitiitioBa! reform may as well be abandoned for ever. This is really how the case BtandsVand it is well deserving of the poblic attention at tbis critical juncture. , . ... -. . - t^V As. some vety stepid. mmors haye.-been spread abread with reference te the votfng on the third reading cf the Beform Bill, It Is as well tb Etate at once that not-one Taking the Oonstitation Act. and tha latest amending: Electoral Act togethrr, it is a debatable soiat whether the Enmber oT votes reoarded for'tbe Befaim >BQ1 does. not oonstite^an absolute majority «*4ha. Houses as the total nnmber of .members. at ntBSBBt. elected is only' €5. It Is this Imprasslon Attemey-Quneral is, thai .the vote -can he -regarded in this favotable light,-t>nt it has been detonnined.t» remit the qneBtlon to setae of the leading barristers cl; Melbourne: namely. Ateesre George ;Eb3nbl>ttiikn, Smyth, wailams, Webb^ and Worthington, and to be. guided by the opinions which theygivMn the matteii In the meantime, thernmor of a ICtnistcaa] orldB isoon^ plate fd the statwnwnts made In thtr quarter which has pot this, catdipenny canard in circalatlon. The Ministry hay* no idea of resigning, nor is there tha slightest reason^ why they ehoald doe®. . -..ujl ! The Hon. Qraham Berry addressad a largetneetizig at the town iudl.-Creswlck, last nljfht—rwJastniog.fc so dciog, a promise he made to the Jbeal Beform leagne some time ago. Tbe hon/geittlenHai, aooompanied«y the hon. t ajor Bmith, left Hcttxnirne by speaial train at about two. oVslock ln Hhe 'afteniaon, arriving in Ballarat at a quarter past five. He left Ballarat about seven o'clock, arririni; at Ores wick ib abont half an hour. An enthueiutlc rnceation was. accorded, him.-by -the .Jaige -atsnl. anbled at Oie railway ,4taUon, and the Iccalorm League'preEeiited.hjm with a oongratalatory address, whioh he shortly and snitibly responded to, The hon. gentleman then visited a bazaar heldai the. Primitive Methodist 'Bchoolncom tit North Owe wick, ; and arrived at the town hall shortly after eight o'clock, where_a dapse'iy-yecked meetings! abont TOO pers.ns was -addressed by him £» cordially ' received, ' and moke at sqma " length,* and* his remaits will be fonna ta another colnmn. BesMea the aha&man-; <»r 'J. Orr), there were present on the platform the hon Mtfor fmith, I and Messrs- "Belt and HIchaasonV-M.L.A., and^a mimber of thoinemben of th» 4ocal Keforta Leigne. Majft- fimitt, W*. Rirhardnnn hr^pfly Td^rffrsrdthn A f. the Bloso.of the meetiijg, A yole was asked. by Mr tachardson npontho Beform fiill^ tmt so great was the uproar that enco&eded;, on an- attempt mad« by Mr Cooper, in response to repeated calls, to address -the meeting, that-the rvsnlt of tbe voting c >nld cot be ascertataed, acd tfler tkee cheers far Ur Beriy,the iceetingbrokBup la disorder. Mr Berry.wiLh Ilajor Bmith and *Sr rBelI. was entertained after the meeting at th« American hotel by the members of the BeWrm League, and returned to Ballarat abont twelve o'olook by special train. Daring his ehcrt stay hen he was the goest of Major tmith, and he leaves this mondng by special train at aineo'dcolt '• A dreadful eocnnence, pointing strongly to tcioide, took place on Thursday night, on the Stawell railway line. The driver of tbe 6.45 train from fitawell yesterday morning nottoed somethlog lying on the line, and on palling 'np diroovered the tody bf a yonng man lying along the 5-foot, the head having been severed by one of the trains from Ballarat cd ihe preceding night. Deceased was lying on hi- Btomach, and his''.arms folded, while the h<=ad *»s hardly moved away. from the body. In one cf his pockets Mas- foimd a pipe, bearing the.name "B.'CavIdsan," and farther erqniries elicited tes !»ct le jrw iht eoa of the Malioaittasterst Deep Lea^l, and was nineteen JTetMof age. Be was worklog »t -M-Ilwiaith'e tfsd works. Melbourne, and was -of. very uteady habits. He lflft his employment snddenly, without, as far as is yetknown, any cause, and thls.ooupled with certain other facts, leads 4o the snppositlMi. that. be has committed suicide. Our Beanfort- correspondent states that.*ilheyoung man Davidson had been loitering abont the township anting ite laEftwo days. and oa Thorsday he went to a hcrase on tbe line oocn^ded by Mr M'SIsh, a line-rvpairer, and asked «iss M'Nish for a drink of water. HeaLo told Miss M'BIah that hislather was (he statfocmaster at Deep toad, ntar Stawell, and that his gun and thMetX Ms mates were lnthe bssh wait^ ing for him. Be was very-nsnectably dressed, and appeared to be In good heali. Uttier fin goods train (whioh arrives here at hall-past eleven) or the mail express through to Stawell (whtoh pisses here at midnight) most have frone over the unfortunate' yonth, bat neither of the drivecs coold have noticed him on the Une, or they would have reported It." . We are informed by an eyewitness' that eh Thursday evening the lobbies and rooms of Parlismeat House were almost crowded by visitors anxious ta learn, as .soon as peisible, the late of the Beform BUI on the third reading. It was observed by ,our informant that whenever a member, sitting cm tbe tluisteriai tide, who wasaapposed to waver the least bit in bis support oi the bill, nude hifi Appearance outride the Assembly, ha was bntton-bolefsffld offered the Catholio vote at the next «leotlon If . he would to^b againet the measure. A number cf these tontera nmatned about the lobbies and xoewt up to the very Sme the vote was taken.. : ' A young _man .named Thomas OahaUn,.who6a parents a-e said to reside in Ballarat, jumped out of the up train from-Bot^ham yestarday afternoon when She train was about a mile from Deep Lead. Cahalah appeared while In the tnln to be in a very excited csniiUon, and sprang oat-of-the window before be oouM ihe istoppea.' The polios at SUweU were Ini form«d of the oocorrence, and a .party went out and found Hm walkteg on Hie -Jine.- A - e&algtit; 'fa<4irt waapnton hi®, and b»: «u taken to tbe Plaas.nt Creek Hoepitalfwitere. itjwas .fo^nd that bia akull '— J The BaHirat Turf Qub Spring Meeting oirne tt> a cocolutlon yesterday, when t«>e'attendance was men satlefactdry was all that endd be desired, and the ttttoi 1 fcelhng Hurdle iBace, ttl WMSold icr X7Q^by which the club profits £20. For-tbe Karmanby Stakes WMfirat^and^Lagt IiIght«e«»d., Theriet«ry of Terriio intie Handloap was very p»nIat,jEvB^. Kght and Wletaiy muring a Ueforeeoond plaoa. Thp steeplechase was a gift to ftaetboy. «hp t>eat ;£ine Jacket and the meeting wound up Wie the Free Handicap, which wait won~l^' lii«SHma:~l . Last Wednesday. atths'TruntI,Tad CMOL Haddon,- Slipped, causing him to -Ml with fab legs across tha tails of a Iramway, atnd the prop citne down on h!e right ankle, causing so mnoh lijory that he will be fawflned to^l^OT^some weda. Ho bonee krtre broken. . ! The matrioolatlon examination for the October torn was continued yesterday. subjects te srnlnaUon wefee—HUoty' totilid, attd Oreek. i Tmt, > first ediject then were wventeen^sadidataa, tat-, > seecod lfli, and" for the third/inly •hie. The** » wm ^ bonUraed.adis; wniwrf will be takoa7^»ihfratt^«tS»e awl itTstr mnrllilstna i were oommenotd on .^Ehtuwday at tbe Victoria werajgoUtoggh )Bepr»eaU^yel In'tMOiofwliUttiie'I were n%>4slc£n In' . . . »n.AfjM«Me VftttMC'OKWnl •BJtS' -v.;«.T-jjt j['S»iS..: <* tert::- I'KSOTtjr I «««VS? f--;."- T-3S.1T-1 -.-sc '-tomta-i U JS. _aIao of the Ballarat troop. Private Olarfe obtained £2, <3orporal Bennett fl, and Busier Monsborongh £1 in the aame match. A Urge number cf promenaders assembled in Start street Ust evening to listen to the strains of tbe Bailarat brass baud, which wu stuloned on Mr Harriaon s balcony, and played Uu following programme of mscfe to the delight of hundreds of listeners:—i march, •> The jrimrose path,"* by B. Smith'** * ^yiw.J.^B, fcmlthi i»Ite.'<'Day- Iqr S. Bnddtj TqaawlHa, f Utuan,* • „ v&k;, jnanoh, "ism o nqneror/^y Bi; tta^y mo? menaiee at stated Intervals. The Ballarat Gun Club having decided on an interim meeting daring the races for the pmpose of eiiwrtatniiie .their brotlier epartazaen on « vlsft to Bap«rat. a fli'ure was made for yesterday at the clnb ipaMo^(a«?ibnrn , e) ohfthB e»"ee_"Bby introduction" by members, and nearly lsOgwitlmBiii |f ut in an «ppeiaraiice from Qeelong, Jdetbouroa, SUpton, and other parts of &e; «aony, while "there were also i>»santcns 'or"twoYlsItorB from England how doing a tour of Australia. A couple of hours were very ple»e»ntly,«jxmt, andfat -the: conclusion there Wine general: expressions df ; thagks io th» clnb by the viators for the courtesy displayed and for the amusement provWea." '^rhe sparrow match was won oy Mr P. B. Anderson, Bkfpton. The>e were twenty entriu for the first sweepstakes, which was won by Mr SardiQ (aasnmed name), With Mr Anrtls eeoonl and Dr Pinnook third I he final sweepstakes wafe also won by Mr BarddL Mr \- • and Mr Whitpafns third. _ W^regret fa nee by tha number jnstrecdved that Sam SlickiB compelled to give up tbe ghost. Thlfi weekly has not been Je&ciBnt; in ability, both plotorial andDteraiy; and it is to be regretted, then>-. fo™. that it has had to .succumb to. that neoessity which Boottenluierfsrra with' tha well-doing of pub- Bcatiocs—namely, want of means. Sam Slid hit onf mknf nlly 3or -raontbs, and lt ~~career did sot last longer. < A tea meeting'and nbnoart In aldof On funds ibok placelasHitghtat-tit. Patil'eOhBndi ( Mr M <»tfrti in a very satisfactory mannar for tha tea; whioh Was partaEsn bf by about 260 persons, the fol^ lowing ladies pretiding at the tables:—Mis*s Vrood. HKnik, Smith, £ XUis^ :<%»iiiberiafn, Wanftr~iv Wattis, Ohancoy, EBdahl, E. Veep. Gough, Wight? wis±, t3ow*ra p).. Anderson, Emery, •BStctole Jt& Bob son, Atkinson, K. Keep, U Hepburn, Bartlett,' ^Cpurril After tea. Hie.abairwaetaton-bythe different pa i hesrandthe Mev C'Kbeoper,whose' mbjedt stt Sunday Hhool work., An«xoellaijt ooc-" osrt was given during Ihe evening; the following, ladies and gentlemen kindly«inng their services for vc«al or inBtrumental mnaio BBveriook, Wooloock, Allen, and Power; ahso. the sohocd choir. Mr Bsfley acoompuiist, and Mr A.' ()iI4w«>n3not6r.- Tne ooncert pahted- iifffita ' a ver^ iirsdltaUe toamier, and wu altogether" a" moat snooeufd^aSdr. The programme' wae as follows:—Overture, " Ohllperlo," Miss f. EHverlock and Mr I. Bailey; glee, '< Swiftly from- the—Bjonntafc'e brow. J choir-; sonir, ** Who walkBth uprightly" (Molique), Mr V. Wotdoodr; dnet, u A voiee bom the waves," Misses 6ilveriock and GrevDtasaomr, *J*|a me dt£Bpnr»* '(Biihop\ Hiss BaUiOon; glee, " Th»' irinds' -iriilsUe: oold," school choir; eong, Mrs Carter; eong, Mr Allen; dnet," The FislnhnanfHHMsrs'WocdodScand Power; s6!o (pianoforte). Lea Hlrondel^eB " (Benri Btreicb), Miss' ti. Marttn j eong,' Miss GfevHie;' eong, " The beating of my «xir* haart.' MiFS Morgan; sing. 'Mn Carter^ dOet,»liarty Gieville and Mr Wooloock; song.*! TiujAart^oiteit/ and jet so far." Mies Grannage ; eong; '"The Trishing gate," Miss sWIghtwfckj aong. Miss 'K Xaiis ;-gloe; "-In SDmnwrV^oot shaded choir. ' - - 1 We havBTeerfved therdaa'c^ tte fiaUuat Bicyijle aiifVj from wWoh It appears that, the members, In pimulng their 'vigorous and liealthy *mode of locom'otion. a» fn ewy Way aestrpns that the rule of the road shaU be followed WUkntttaB; r imd Vmy member disobeying orders, whllstHtadisr the oontrol of the captain. shaH ie liable teSnmBlaibiL^Igrflma glanoe at tbe rules, it i* appaaent t|*t tha.^dtib t>*B takBn •Very means to preveat danger, either by day or Light. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Smythssdals "Volonteer Hre BriKada was l»ld cm Thursday even- * — Oapiain Bhspherd presiding. The esrnsppn- ' "oded u invitation fram^the.City .Pits . ithmnks. ripJrted iSt TAnutwiant jj^'^L.iyn^gil.JlhP annual fete of the BalU&na;"Itre Biigitde _l$th ultimo, and mre .^ieanily.; weloomad by the members er , of , that brigade. Some routine business was dlspofed <4, and ,U: was JecMed to .sp^tooa, te £ report from the ball ocmmlttee to that day week, alter "which the meeting adjourned The-ascretary «hthe 8carsc •ga to ackftowiMge with thavks the reiaipt of 10a.' Jam Mr F. J. M. Syer, of Ondewis, near Qeelong. , We are requested.,by jlr Xbamas .Dickinson to a«- knowledge the prempi paynfent of ^Hs cl«m Tor loss by tbe late fire at Oobblers by the National Insurance Company, per the secretary, W J." W. KaiL Street Uu^taLImproyement Aeeaoiatlon Trill b&heldj; (n the We«leyan whoolroom on Tuesday next. Mr I. Butson wfll preside, and addteans will be deHrered by a number pf gentlemen interested in thoeauaa. Thine will also be nrnsio, dlalogner, and recitations. Noaharge arlll -te^ Jnade iOT admittance. anA aUara Invited to attend. J The pristHrararded attherlaet ehow el tte Hardlo'd HlU-fcc- .KgrisnUural and .Paatqnl Snjety, wfll be paidet tbeofBoe.GienvOle.nextThnredaf.' ' 1 The' annual Ecensing meetings for Bnngareeshire will be held fcs followf:—Hungariee, Thursday, tlfli Deoember; Ballarat East, ^Thursday, the lBth; and Ballarat West, Friday. ths l9th. The nsual annmd gathering of tbe BigUand Bbcieir ot ^the Horth-^WeStern Kovinca will be hUd pi the frimcs's Park, Mary bonngh. on New Teo^Bay Nominations for the events,particulars of whioh appear in our advertising columns, will ba received by the hon. oearela^^up tothe IBffiInstant' .' 7'Jrs' We see by the fferaZd 'that the afflliatisa oaae of Marquand v Ix»ddas, arising opt' of the Se Lacy Bvana case, came before the Sandhurst bench yesterday, and resulted in a dismissal; the defendant d«nyfng -tli9 allegation-that be was 1he fathorof the We have received copies of the annual report of the ObunoO of the national JSeform and ProteoUoi teagne, Melbourne, which was read- And adopted at the annual meeting of the league,-%eld' on 31st Ootober. We have also reorived a oopy of the Tetuperasee Year Book, almanac an d directory ,Xor £B80. This wvrk-aootains a great deal of nutter fa' terestisg te teetotallens. : Messrs Oldham and M'Keal. of WilHamstowTi, wfll eprhibit one of theb patent safety-cages at the Garner tb-day. The jiricoiple of this lnveuDoD consists of a link motion and balance-t.prfngs, and it~|s tha*, while combining utility with simplicity, many of tee complications of other patents are avoided. Mining men would "therefore 4o weU to Inspec& iha triest invenfionJorfavor. -. • >• - ..••.. • ; Tbe Bev. GewgeQrey. of -Talbot, wm preaoh the SBrmana la ^e^n^b^t^liafUve Met^edlst 'foldingweek, par«ooIara of which' will be jpublished ! Mr M'Kay, of Market aguaae, has ijust oomp^eted some of his patent safety-cages for tbe Winter's Freehold Oompany, which are perhaps the largest in the cioony, bring 4 feet between the skids, l ton In Wright, and arranged for ou-rying doubJe trade". Those Interested in mining may see the cages at .work to-day at Mr M'Kay's e-tabllsliment, ^iddil. having 'been erected for the purpose. ' ; A summoned meeting of Ooart Ijittle John, 8326. A.O.F., will be held atths Brittbh Qneen hotel next Tuesday evening,*t -eight o'clock, far the &omination; di officers. ; The annlvenary of Un Wedeyan Church, Fellmongers (Oong Oohg). when the Bev. W. A-.Quick jriXl- preach In the morning, tho Bev A-Pewiffllnlhe afternoon. and'Mr J; Busaell in tbe evening. A tea meeting will be held on Tuesday evening, when the Town Mission choir will sing; Mr W. LtttLsoondu^icg, and Mr Field pre- ^ding at the harmonium. ! We have. hssn - aaked to »w»iKm «« xha lounge: made' in ttw hoar of .the Snnday evening" service at StJofaals ftnebytraian Ohursk,' Whiohlg : from half-past aiz joldorfclo eevMii ' -. - .--.,.,-.-.:. ! nii'Mrrff.- K«6o»fiMriB {inaahat ABSdnteV Church to-mopow. aad trja iMyatt AmvUI t*«j ! Tiw-nnaben OUb wIB meet' to^ytoprooeedfe Bufinytu^, wealher peRnKUng^, I Th» WMalttlsI'MiiilMiefi^^Ltt^.lMg jottMcdtheshaftccthe-Orpwn reef,adf^thof260 at.ii^-ij.i'. rtqf ; The Qovarcmtat (cays ihe lAtyta) have not oom^. I) any decUoD as yet aa -regards the VOliers and Heywtf>uryette3o*.,Tbey " t is poHlcde that Mr f iaher, one of the yioer j iaaddutts-sf itfieiBelana iieagoe wfli bo jaeked to A report gnii^ flattniCT: C. ftwS M'llr 8.- 6.*,B(W!sy> |*iiglpal of s>Colkfl^ifit.aK3Ua,aBai(Caasrii«dnaQ>al of Stawell grammar school,^ likely to oooteet the \- - tlfetAMU wiQi tlM UcB.Jelu> Wooda: found on _ 1W jjmdtihe £d< ^heuaaeaf the Iw iatMld have n- par "f it.'-"-;-^'. tB- WiB-im .-cijjgjc-3 has brought forward the evidence. We would respectfully suggest that fa fatnre tbe Government place all Inquests in the hands of property-qualified gentlemen appointed coroners; and, considering the large extant of country around £shom and the tfrire of Bodney, that a l< cal gentleman should be appointed «oroner«. also, that a public l*iivue,Jt»»;eBtabli8hed , «Bmed«eiy." M rs Lucas was j»simlt»fettie Eand- :iursts^aol, to await her trial jathen^rt^^tSBee MrSJoaeph Jones addreseed tlta eleciers of THliert and Heytetbrny at Soroit on Thursdi^ eveniog, and r fluringUie oonree of his speetii he played thus fast and loose with ihe ednc£tion ,qnestton. We quote from U»7dcgtaph: - ' Be denied the Statement that ho had a seems nnderatawiing with the Catholics to voto'for a separate grant. Be wm»boit In fanor cf a separate grant. He believed it possible to satisfy the just claims of everyone without it." The State should not give money in favor of any religious teaching, ifie -believed it was possible to eatfsfy all parties by adopting a system of payment by results, payment being given by the 6tate for secular teaching only." It is rather (iarprising after . this to find that Mr Jones' candidature was agreed to unanimously by the meeting. . - * : The select committee (says the Age) appointed by tiie Legisl»tive Ooun-.il for the purpose of considering and reportiog en the form of , the Stamp lJutiee Bill, sat on Wednesday acd Tliursday^ and was engaged in the erMnlnation of papers and preoedento conBseted with Constitutional practice In i£ngland "and In this ecl rcy. The conclusion arrived u eo far by the committee is that the bill, as it stands, includes a number of clauses of general legislation, Instead of its provisions being restricted to machinery necessary for thB colteetion arid Management of the revenue to be derived from the measure. • The report of the committee witl probably 1M prepared *y Dt Hoarn, but It Is not likely that it will go to the extreme step of reoommendtngthe rejection of the UU. It Is Ho be presented to tin Council on Tuesday. The following mysterious affair is reported by the Benalla Standard-.—"Some little excitement was created in the town on Thursday by a search being made for a young lady named Margaret Lee, who is missing. It appears the young lady left Melbourne on Wednesday by train to return to her parents at Chiltern, where she was expected to arrive by the evening train. Not putting in an appearance, a telegram was cent to Melbourne, informing her aunt, where she had been staying, and she replied to the effect that they young lady went by train as arranged. The father arrived in Benalla on Thursday, and with the assistance of the police has been making a search as it was supposed the young lady might visit some friends in Benalla, but no trace has been found so far." Ellen Tremayne, alisa De Lacy Evans, finally left the lunacy ward in the Bendigo Hospital on Thursday (says the Argus) and is at present residing with "her friends at Quarry Hill. She Is snbpanaed to give .evtdence in a maintenance case, brought by tha -irotautn who passed as her .wife against Ixuidan. She has not decided on her Tuture oourae, bnt wBl leave Eaodhhrstaseoon as posable. '' " : 