A Haunted Actress. In 1711s soon after her debut in Paris, Hippolyte Clarion made tile acquaintance of M- de S-, a merchant's son. He was about thirty years of age, of good appearance, and clever at penning sonnets to her eyebrows. Before long he becamo desperately enamoured of her, and was supposed by the gossips of the foyer to have inspired her with a warmer feeling than friendship. But as time went on the actress found it necessary to stop -the acquaintance. Her lover was of a gloomy and misanthropic turn, and wished her to fly with him from the world to some wild and deserted spot. This interesting Ïroject was not destined to be realised, iarion loved her art, revelled in the applause she drew down, and bad too large anti varied an experience of life to be very romantic. In the end she refused to receive letters from or to see him. M. de S- pined away, and one evening in the summer of 17'IG was told that his hours were numbered, ne then sent a message to the actress, pathe- tically entreating her to see him once more. Clairon, who at that time was entertaining an Intendant des Finances and other friends at supper, was advised not to go, as tier presence would embitter rather than solace his last moments. This advice she took, and soon after ho had received hor apparently harsh reply the unfortunate man, died. For the next eighteen months or two years, according to her own account, the actress was subjected to a supernatural persecution. M. de S died as the clocks were striking eleven, and as Boon as the sound had ceased a long un- earthly cry rang through the room in which Clairon was entertaining lier friends. The guests wore lost in astonishment and terror ; the actress recognising in ?the cry the voice of her lover, very naturally fainted. " Really Mdlle," said the intendant with ghastly humour as she lecovered, "The gentleman who has the honour to possess your affections should be told tlint his signals are much too loud." But, as events soon proved, this was no matter for jesting. The cry was frequently repeatedat the actress' windows at the same hour. The police kept watch both outside and inside, but could discover nothing. Nor was the power of the perturbed spirit confined to the actress'house. One night as she was taking leave at her door of a President who had escorted hor home, the frightful cry rang out between them. At another time while riding with her in a coach from the Rue Saint Honore, Pierre Roselli-a handsome high-spirited young actor, who could " rage like Cethegus, or like Cassius die," declared that unless she invoked the ghost and received a reply there and then, he would not believe a word of her story. The actress did as she was asked, the cry was again heard, and when the coach arrived at its destination the two players were found in a swoon ! The form of the persecution was then slightly varied. Instead of a cry she leard the report of a gun at her window. The houses in the street were placed under surveillance, but to no purpose. On one ocension she was invited to a little nocturnal fete at Mdlle. Dumesnil's, and at eleven o'clock left the Rue do Bussy in a fiacre with her fern me de chambre. Her way was through the boule- vards, then but slightly garnished with houses. "Did not M de S-die there?"asked the tiring woman pointing to the two houses which stood out iu sharp relief against a moonlit. " From what I have heard, I think he did," was the answer. The gun report was again heard! Tho coachman, not doubting that thieves were at hand, lashed his horse into a gallop, and Clairon and her servant arrived at her destination more dead than alive. Therewith the persecution may be said to have ended. The unearthly cry and the scarcely less torriblo gun report were not again heard. The ghost, indeed, gave token ol' its presence by a clapping of hands, which, as reminding the actress of the applause of the playgoers, had, if anything, a consoling effect. By_ and by this was changed to soft and melodious music, as though the ghost were lapsing into an amiable and forgiving mood. At this -time, anxious for tranquility, Clarion removed from the Ruo de* Bussy to the Ruo de Marais, to the house in which Racine had written his greatest tragedies and died, and in which Voltaire had closed the eyes of Adricimo Lecouvreur. The latter had embellished it in many ways, but in Clarion's eyes the bare walls would have been sufficient attraction. She had not been there long when a strange old lady desired to see her, and the request was at once granted. For some time they gazed at each other in silence, and with instinctive interest. The stranger at length found her tonguo, and, after a good deal of circumlocution, carno to the object of her visit. The friend of M de S-, she had been with him during his last mo- ments, and now sought out the actress to ask why she had made him so unhappy. Clairon in reply, related the story, premising that the heart was not subservient to the will. " I cannot blame you, Mdlle.," said the old lady, "though you may bo said to have killed him. Moro especially were his last moments em- bittered by your refusal to como to his bed- side, no kept his eyes intently fixed upon -the clock until his servant returned with your message. ' "Wretch !' ho vehemently exrVumed ! < T]1G unfeeling wretch ! But she will gain nothing by it ; I will follow her after my death as persistently as I have followed her in mylifo!' Ho died with those terrible -words on his lips."- The Theatre. M. Debelle, a young doctor living at St. Denis, in France, has just died under singularly painful circum- stances. Ho was in tíio vory act of being' married, when he wai suddenly taken ill and fell senseless befofo tho alter. Ho was conveyed home, when he expired in a couple of hours. It is supposed the joyful emotion of bite wedding, combined with heart j disoase, was the cause of death. ' 