THE UEXDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) puoo&Essioy;, orr. iugiits, and our nEsouncxa. SAXDIfUXST, THTJliSDAY, APL. IS; Crowded Out.—Iu order to allow space for letters, and some important items of information, we are compelled to hold over our leading matter. We have several letters still in hand also. Cablegrams.—The news we publish this morning concerning the Zulu war is of a very satisfactory nature. Oil the 3rd instant a force ui 11,000 Zulus attacked Lord Chelmsford's camp at Gingholora, but they were repulsed with heavy loss, and on tiie following night Lord Chelmsford succeedcd in relieving Colonel Pearson's party at Ekowe, which place has now heeu abandoned by the British as a military post. Later advices from the Transvaal indi cate that serious difficulties are likely to ariss in that quarter. Iu consequence cf the hostile feeling manifested towards the British, Sir Bart'e Frere, the High Commissioner, proceeded to Pretoria with the object of restoring quiet, but the Boers intimate their intention of holding his Excellency as a hostage until their demands are acceded to. Special Melting of the Stock Exchange. —A special meeting o{ the Bendigo Stock Ex change has been called for this afternoon, at half-past thu-e o'clock, to take into considera tion the action now being taken in the matter of winding- up defunct mining companies. Members are particularly requested to attend, as the subject which will be brought on for dis cussion is of vital importance, not only to single individuals, but to the whole mining com munity. Carpenters' Strike.—Another strike has occurred in Sydney. Oar telegrams state that the carpenters employed on the Exhibition Building, to the number of over a hundred, have demanded that their wages be increased from 10.-. to 12-. per day of eight hours. The contractors having refused to comply with the demand, the men have declined to wcrk. Bobbery. — Our Iuglewood correspondent says :—At the 1'. iice Court yesterday, a jockey d Wiliiam M .'.iry Barber, was committed for trial at S istdhurAt, for stealing a deposit receipt fur iu'J, and a goid watyll from Mr. Samers, of Bridgwater, Swax Rill Shire £ c y i: i : a >" c: ~ — On r travel' line: reporter savs :—A scrio\\*? o-ni^nky u; tb\j T.vav of the- prouAsca vcrau-'ic from t*u; ^wan HLi shire is ssul to have aT'tson* It appears that the. haulers cC 5;uro debentures for the .iWOOi) cif.vk.it:calSy object to any sever ance piice. Kkltoiovs Service at StiUthfifxdsaye.— The BUhop of Melbourne, Dr. Moorhousv, proached a sermon las: overtiiil: in tlie Council Chambers. Srrathnelo.saye, whor? th~ members of the Church of En:_r*AYA.i arrcmble aim ir.rec to gether for public worship. 'litore was a lar^e C' riureg.itivM.s Archdeacon Crawford rrad the prayers, ana otuciatod at the preliminary sor vicr. The Bishop gave an able aha eloquent discourse. which was most. attentively listened to. After the sjrmm he d:?lriou:od the prises to the Suuday Sche-c: children who had distin guished themselves by cood ana meritorious conduct. His L.-rdrdhp spoke in kiud a::a An couraging words *.• the recipients of the rri'.A-s. and to the eViilarcn v:eneri-Uy. r.nd h-U departure for S a'cdhr. to K pr-senr :.l the concert and readii^ at the >:'a*omc Hall. Chisbsk I>tx?*.—Tru bits to restrict Chinese Knffiisrstion, which was passed by the IS c by the Council. A monster meeting of the resi dents is to !v iid.i t.> protest s>£r.Uis: the action of the Upper House. Di'.VKonvj: Ltuunso.—We would call the City i V".'.r.cii s attention to the exceedingly bad ;u which the road to the White Kills is lighted. Tr.e lamp; arc so ;.-.r nnsrt V..at nearly the whole of the road is in utter darkness, and its uneven oon jitir-ll renders locomotion ex tremely di'*'- tilt and dangerous. More espe cially ;s this she case on that portion of the road whore a robber}- under arms took place s me time and certainly some effort.shea!J be ma ic to have lite preseu; state if "irfatrs iti this respect altered. Fir.E.- -The hay .vad c/ra store belonging Mr. M'Pestc, in ?>I 'Ivor-street, narrowly escsr?ed destruction by lire last night. Shortly .-.Iter eight o'clock Mr. M 'Her.se closed the :Voni of the store, bit: left one-hair of tiir side-door open, and then went ty his house to tvr>. Shortly aftonvsi'ds a woman. rr»idir.j in the iieighboi'ho'id of the store, r.V tiocd s.j.ue danits from t!:? sivb'.-door, and she imme diately rxte---'A an alarm. A numbc? ••{ persoftS Were attracted by her cries to tne attO't. and it was found that a quantity ut straw had bv some means become ignited. The straw, « nick made sneli a tremendous blaze i that persons a little distance oil supposed that au exteusn-e ffe iiad broken ctst. Vras promptly dragged iuto the yard, raid as soon as possible the dames wev:; sab-ltted. Some delay occurred in ringing the tire bell, and the lire was eon- I se^ucntiy almost quenched by the weli-tinied exertions of those who were close at hand before the brigades arrived, although the latter re sponded very promptly to the alarm. The City Brigade were rirst on the ground* i he damage done was very slight. and Mr. M'Deass esti mates that a fiiw shillings wiii cover it, though the c.iso might have been s.-:iiewh:it different if the impetuous enthusiasm of s->me of the lire men, which apparently erea^-d it* them a desire to drench the *vholo e in water, had liot hecu retrain*!. A l>lsriNGr55irED Visitor.—Y^tei.iay mora iiiLT Prince Ambrose*. of arrived in Sand ! burst by tho riv.4* train from Melbourne, lie was a'eeompJ.~u-d by Mr. W. Jackson, who :s : cscot'lin? h:s Highness through tiie provinces, and they wi-ro met at the station by Mr. Ro-ary Jackson and Mr. Karl Yau Darani". who was formerly German consul at Fiji. His Iloyal Highness is the guest of Mr. Jackson, and after luncheon he was driven to th* Garden Gully United Com pany's mine. a-;d introduced u« the manager, .Mr. iveam. by vriiom he was .-h>wn the mys [ teries of mining underground. Oa returning to ihe surface the crushing battery was visited, and the process of extracting the gold from the iiuartz fully explained to him. ami he cxpre sed himself much pleased what he had seen. From the Garden Guu}r the visitor was driven to Mr. George L:uiselrs, win-re he was hospitably received and entertained. In the evening Prince Ambrose paid a visit to the Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition. He will leave I'rro this m.irning for Bdlarp.t, CabAviTit«»CT Lnutrs.—ThS practice of driv ing Vehicles • tijt tiiu streets at night without lights, which, notwithstanding the penalty at tached 10 it, obtains to a very large extent in Sandhurst, should receive some attention at tiie hands of the proper authorities. Amongst tiie drivers of cab.-, the bye- law which require; lights to beusedaEter dark is frequently disregarded. and ;he lives Cf limbs of pedestrians placed in imminent danger. A at the corner <■! Mundy-strect and Lyttleton terrace, narrowly escaped severe injury through a horse attached to a cab which had no lights, running against him. The unfortunate victim was sent reeling for several yards by the force of the collision, and the cabman proceeded unconcernedly on his way. At the time of tiie lire last night another cab, also with out lights, and drawing a hose- reel, was driven at a breakneck speed along the streets to the scene o: the couilagration, and the numerous pedestrians who were hurrviug along the road to' the same destination were in great danger of being run over and perhaps seriously hurt, for although the vehicle could be heard ap proaching distinctly enough, it could not be seen unless at a short distance, and nobody knew which side to take to avoid accidents. Annivkiisaky Meeting.—The annual meet ing was held Inst evening at the White Hills ill connection with the Yvesleyan Church in that ! locality. Tin; tables were tastefully laid out ami decorated, and were presideJ over by Mes dames Dawes. Oates, and Wyman, assisted by the Misses Dawes, Thomas, ami Cairnes. A public meeting wan held subsequently in the church, Mr. Dower occupying the chair. The Revs. Ric&frrd; and Xve were present, and ad dressed the meeting during the even ing. Mr. Fizelie, the treasurer, read the iiuaueia! statement, which showed that the church was in a flourishing and prosperous condition. The receipts during the year had been £3(5 lis. and the expenditure £'2'2 3s. The Kev Mr. Bickford, in the course of his remarks, complimented those present on the success which had attended their efforts iu the cause of religion during the past, year, and hoped the church M ould have even better suc cess in the forthcoming year. The success of their anniversary that evening gave evidence of the progress of Christianity, and they were not ouly rejoicing for the temporary welfare but also for the spiritual prosperity of the church. The meeting was interspersed with anthems rendered by the choir, and votes of thanks were passed to those taking active part in the anni versary and the chairman at the conclusion. Cixb.—A meeting of gentlemen favorable to tiie formation ot a handball clab took place at Mr. M'Grath's Hotel at eiiht o'clock last night. Tea gcntlemeu attended, and various resolutions were carried lor the purpose of giving efi'eot to the object for which the meeting was convened. Numerous promises of support were received from players who were unavoidably absent. There is no doubt tins is a step in the right direction, as there is now every prospect of witnessing some really good play, as it is the intention of the club to in augurate a series of matches with the chief players of Melbourne, and other cities both in Victoria and the neighboring colonies. The Late Ghost Entertainment.—Mr. D'Arcv Head, proprietor uf the ghost show, which has recently been exhibiting at the Masonic Hall, has been placed iu a very awkward predicament by the sudden disap pearance of his business manager, Mr. \V. S. Mtdeaife. The ghost performances had had a long and fairly prosperous run in this city, and :is a consequence of the prolonged stay a good deal of expense had been incurred in the way of rent for the Masonic Hall, printing, etc. An agreement had been entered into between Mr. liead and Mr. Medealfe to the effect that the latter should have charge over all the proceeds of the entertainments, and after paying all inci dental expenses, such as advertising, printing, bill posting, ate., was to hand over two-thirds of the profits to Mr. D'Arcy Read. All appears to have gone smoothly until the final perform ance on Saturday evening last, when con trary to custom, .Mr. Medcalfe did not put in .in appear.mce. At the close of the performance Mr. Read took no notice of the matter at'first, thinking Medcalfe would turn up on Suuday. This expectation was not fulfilled, however, and on Monday Mr. Read was served with several bills, attached to which were summonses, for various amounts. Some of these debt cases were heard in the Police Court yesterday, Mr. Broivn appearing for the defence in each case. It was attempted to be shown that Read was not responsible for the amounts, having left all his business transactions to Med calfe, and the defendant swore that he had not known anything about the accounts unpaid, until served with the summonses 011 Monday. Verdicts against him were, however, returned in each case, the justices presiding being Messrs. Holmes ami Holdsworth. The Singing Evangelist.—The Rev. "VV. R. Hiddlestone, well known as the Singing Evangelist-, is at present on a visit to Eagle iuuvk and on Monday evening commenced a series of evangelistic services at the Baptist Chapel, which aro being well attended. Yes terday afternoon a bible reading was given, and in the evening the rev. gentleman continued the revival services. The church was well filled, and a number of sacred melodies were rendered by Mr, Hiddlestone, assisted by the choir. Ixdhcest Language.—A couple of young girls of immoral character, named Ellen Filben and Ellen O'Brien, were amusing themselves in the Mall last evening by n-:ing most indecent and disgusting language. On seeing Senior constable Gleeson :;pproacbing they bolted, but he gave chase ami succeeded in capturing both of them. They were lodged in the lockup, and will be brought up at the City Police Court this morning to answer the charge. . llrcovrnr or Cali—The indignation aroused en lite subject of the numerous winding-up sum* mouses lately issued, for amounts which, it is contended, are excessive, was a> strong yester day as on the preerain^ day under the \ eran dah, and active stops arc spohen of to bring I pressure to boar. >vith tht view of cheeking the system which has been introduced. One of the projects mooted is thai an association bo formed to test the. legality of the proceeding. A meet ing of the Bendigo Stock Exchange is to be held this evening to discuss tt5e subject. and to adopt suggestions for rrorsctiua: those on whom writs have be*n 5":rvcd from what is deemed to bo an unfair and unjust-demand. We are informei that the accounts of several mining companies have boen withdrawn from the- bans at whose suit the proceedings have been taken, and that a similar course \viH be pursued by others-. M :-♦» ' Garden GuHy United Comnany, v e art1 toiu, < have a sum at £1,00^ placed in their hands on j fixed oeV.-It. xnis, it is stated, will be drawn i our, and it is contemplated by the of { the \ e rand a:: to refuse ail ciuOjues and nctus o: j the institution in question. Lues. —A p^eulu-.r instance of the chance? o: luck o-.vt:rreu in connection with the St. Peter's «Vt union. It appears that Mr. VY. R. Par it or. of Kangaroo Fiat, who has some extensive eon tracts for tank sinking in the Kiverina district, took a book of t\n?nLy tickuts io dispose of while up country, He onlv succeeded in selling nine teen- the cue remaining he brought home and gave to his wife. This ticket took the lifst prise, value at the reduced rate ot drawing i-'-O'J. Mr. Parker only heard of h'.s good luck ' on his return from New South \Y?.Us osi Satur day iast^ He preferred cisft to pictures, and on drawing tha r.mouh^, less 5 per cent., yesterday, lie ^-ery generously handed to the secretary a cheque for £5 for the benefit of the church. \Ye are sorry to hear that this affair ia likely to be anything but profitable to tha church funds, and that it has been rendered still worse Kv the ■ conduct of same agents, who have so:d tickets (one of them to a very !arg\i aiVic-uut) and failed to settle up for them. There is a very hard name tot robbing a church, and the difference between robbing it direct and selling something for it and failing to account for the proceeds 13 very small. Application for Admission' To the voleST Asylum.—Ail Application v.-ai nuuic to the !.>.«neh at the. Randy .Police Court yester day by George Ltarris.ip. for an order for the admission of iris brother, a lad apparently of .vveak intellect, to tlie Reuevoletit Asylum. Ac cording to the statement of the applicant, the lad is constitutionally unable to work, but will drink as much liquor as he can procure. For smile time past lie lias been in the habit of sleep ing out. and when brought to his home periodi cally his clothes have been found to be so in fested with Tc-rmiu that they have had to be taken off him and burnt. The bench were not quite clear as the best course for them to pur sue in the case, and the application was con sequent postponed, the lad being placed mean time under tile charge of the police. Volunteer, IliFi.t Parade.—l ast evening the usual weekly parade of the Riiles was wei! attended, some seventy members being pre sent. The usual preliminary drill in the Or derly-room having been gone through, and the arms examined, companies were formed under the charges of Captain Anderson and Sergeant major Martin. The column was inarched to Charing-cross, where they were drilled by Cap tain Blackburn for above an hour in battalion evolutions, the men generally working steadily ana well. Pasvoi: Ciiiniqut.—It was stated in our yes terday's issue that the meeting held 011 Tuesday eveuing with reference to Pastor Chiniqny's proposed visit to Sandhurst was held in the Congregational Church. We have been re quested by the secretary of the church com mittee to state that, although advertised to take place in tin' church named, the meeting was nnt hold there. It took place in the Weslcyau soiloohv.am. Forest-street. Insolvent Estate Meeting.—A meeting was held yesterday in the insolvent estate of William A. Wilson, publican, of Bridgewatcr on-Loddon. Xo creditors were present, and only two debts were proved. The meeting then Huntly Police Court.—At the Huutly Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Tooteil and Clay. Js.P., several persons were fined Is., and 2s. t5d. costs, for removing timber off Crown lauds. A case against another person simi larly ciiarg'd was adjourned for a week, in order that he might procure evidence in sub stantiation of an allegation iie made that the timber was nnt taken off Crown lauds. The debt case of Maltby v. Biinnev, for £3 10s., goods sold, was dismissed, the bench having no jurisdiction. An application was made by Geo. Harrison for an order for the admission of his brother into the Benevolent Asylum, but as the bench wcro doubtful as to how the case could be dealt with, the person for whose admission into the institution the order was sought was temporarily handed over to tile charge of Con stable Sutherland, the local police officer. Police Court Delay.— inere was a great delay again yesterday in connection with the opening of the Huntly Police Court, it being within a few momenta of twelve o'clock, or nearly an hour after the proper time, before a second justice to sit with Mr. Tootell, who was early in attendance, could be procured. About, twenty persons, some of whom came from the Campaspe and other distant localities, were kept dawdling around the court-house, and wasting valuable time, until the court was opened. Surely some arrangement can be made whereby the business of the court may not have to be delayed at each consecutive sitting in this manner, or failing this, the time for opening might be iixed at a later hour which would better suit the convenience of the honorary magistrates. Change of Bigamy.—At the police court yesterday, Mary Ann Womack was arraigned on a charge of bigamy. Mr. Motteram ap peared to prosecute, and Mr. Wrixon to defend. From the evidence given by Mrs. Snelling, of California Gully, it appeared that she was pre sent at the defendant's marriage to Charles Rosewarme at Cornwall, England, in 1860 After coming to this colony she was married again to W. E. Womack at Eaglehawk in 1877. The certificate of the latter marriage waspro duced. and upon this document and Mrs. Snellings evidence the prosecution solely relied. The bench after taking evidence committed Mrs. Womack for trial at the Court of Assize to be held in Sandhurst on the l5th May next. It was decided to accept bail of £50 from the defendant, and one surety of £50 or two sureties Bendigo Besetolent Asvlcm.—In conse quence of the paucity of tenders for the re quirements related in the advertisement of yesterday morning, namely, bread, butcher's meat, and mattrasses and pillows, the com mittee, at their sitting yesterday, decided to roadvertise for Friday next, at three p.m. The clothing contract is further held over for consideration 011 the same day. Contracts ac ceutcd :—Groceries, Moore Bros.; milk, W. Flanigair, boots and shoes, \Y. Cape-well; priuting and stationery, W. A. J. Wenborn; iron bedsteads, J. Jenkins; interments, \Y. Farmer. Winter Drapery.—Messrs. Dilion and Fick, of View Point, advertise a largo shipment of blankets, slightly soiled, at very low prices; also, a quantity of winter necessaries in ladies and gentlemen's clothing, etc., bought from a retiring firm at great reductions. These goods are now showing. M Ein'ixr, This Day.—Noll Gwynne, F. Scwell, 4.o0. Te.v Meetixo.—This evening a tea meeting will be held in St. Paul's Church. The Bishop of Melbourne, Archdeacon Crawford, of Castle maine, and the clcrgymcn of the district are announced to address tne meeting. Tea will be on the tables at six o'clock, aiul the public meeting will take place at its conclusion. United Pkayep. Meeting —This evening the usual wi-ekly united prayer meeting will be held in the Masonic Hall at a quarter to eight o'clock. Strangers are earnestly invited. Sale of Tim:ikr, etc.—This afternoon, at two o'clock, the timber and iron used in the construction o£ the buildings at the late Easter ; Fair will be offered for sale by public auction, Traffic Ketup.>s.—The Victorian Railways traffic returns, for the week ended 17th April, show the following results, the number of miles open being 1,076, as against 967 in the corres ponding period of 1S7S:—No. of passengers— 1S7S, 7S, 17S; 1S79, 120,292. Total returns fur week ended 17th April, £20,376 14s. 3d.; for corresponding period, 1S78, £25,729 12s. 104. Aggregate to date from 1st July, £1,006,243 12s. 7d.; for corresponding week in 187S, £979.297 5s. oil. Weekly average (42 weeks)—1S79, £23,95S3s. 7d.; 1S7S, £23,316 12s. Football Accident.—The young man David titration, who was so seriously injured oil Satur day last at Ballarat, during a football match, has improved slightly, and some hopes are entertained of his recovery. The fiiverine Herald states that the sufferer is the eldest sou of Mr. David Stratton, of the Enterprise Flour Mills, Echuca. Australian Mutual Provident Society.— We have received the annual report and balance sheet of the above society, which was presented at the meeting held yesterday in Melbourne. The business of the past year has been very satisfactory. During the twelve months 6,209 proposals were accepted aud completed, repre senting assurance to the amount of £"2,175,9-12. The accumulated fund now stands at £2,613,1ST 17s. 9d., showing an increase of £349,295 15s. 9d., the balance of receipts over expenditure during the year. The AVeiberg Inquiry.—It i3 understood (the Arjui says) that no action will be taken upon the report of the Weiberg Board, though the information it gathered may be used s«!:io future day ia dealing with an entire reorgani sation of the police force. The Government has decided not to make any recommendation to Ilis Excellency the Governor to interfere with the sentences either of M. B. Carroll or of David Heniy. lly the English mail which lias iuat arrived, tile Maquis of Xormanb- received his fuil com mission as Governor in and over the colony of Victoria. Tiio ceremony of swearing-in will take place at the next meeting of the Executive Council, and will be purely formal. Post asd TELEiir.-um Kl^ulaho';.—A new set of regulations providing for the proper carrvin.j i>n of the business of the Post and 'Telegraph offices, the arrangement of the sai-.r.es and the system of promotion of the and iixing the terms of probation as well aj the time for and mode of holding examinations, has (we learn from the Aj:) jast been completed and will shortly be put into oper;'.tit.. Mr. Clement Uodrhiuson has been ;'r^o:i:tc i to fill the vacanev in the Harbor Trust occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Andrew. The Embassy.—The states that on Frbtay last Mr Berry ''had an interview -vi-.h the 1':.:'". of lv.v.coitsiield u■ i :'-v Uemocrs of tue Cabinet, \yhcr. the question of constitutional i "\ ictoria was brought by him under mtion. lie was courteously received, and a favorable result from this interview is anticipated. Tho remedy likely to bo. ! u£s;ested by the Secretary of State for the Colonies is, wo mv informed, t'uo substitution of a nominee for .til elective Council; and it is further stated that Mr. lurry has received an assurance that the Homo Government will bring before the Im perial Parliament a Reform Sill approved nt a «cni>ral election, even thensh r.-Je'ciVd by the Legislative Counci'." LtcirysB* Ti-U.liElt?. —Weilnesday's Herald .say; :—'l'he Minister of Education has been taking active steps to remove all those teachers who tailed to pass the examination for licence to teach last December. Notices have been sent to the unsuccessful candidates thai their services will no longer be required, an'd, in many in stances their place? have been supplied by Others. Nearly otie hundred of both sexes of teachers failed in the examination, and will have to leave. A shoemaker residing at Majorca, named Charles Grace, has been missing for several days. Tyi'Hoit> L'Vvnn asd Milk.—Five or sis ad ditional cases of . iyphold fever in as many diA'ertr.t Iv.MueUbUis came under,the notice of ih't authorities 011 Tuesday (says the A fjus) and several, i; not all, el the families were being supplied with milk by tin- dairyman M'AuIey. These families live in Jolimont and East Mel bourne. M'Auley's child died on the 7th of April, and that, we are glad to say, is as yet the oniv death from the fever in the di-triet. That M'Anley's milk has been a means of dissemi nating the contagion is inferred from the fact that at least "20 of the sufferers were consumers, and they were uot all living in cue iieiehbor hood. As additional testimony that milk is a gentleman was residing recently with his family at borrento, ana was there supplied with m;In by a man who had -.yphoil fever in his family. Immediately on learning that fact the gentleman stopped his supply, and prepared for returning children was attacked with the malady, and another fell ill oil the way home. Another gentleman states that two of his children who used M'Anlev's milk in its normal srate were attacked by the disease, whilst the other mem bers of his household, who only took the milk after it had been boiled, escaped. It is stated on behalf of M 'Auley tliat his milk came from Xorthcote, and that it was never taken into his dwelling-house, but was conveyed direct to his customers. Oil the oilier hand, it is alleged that the milk was partly manipulated in M 'Auley's house at Jolimont. It is said that, halt-empty pails were taken there to be tilled up, and that the empty cans were washed there; and, further, that il'Auley, who nursed the deceased child, took part in the distribution of the milk. It will be the duty of the authorities to inquire fully into these statements, as the matter is of great and urgent importance. There seems to be no doubt about milk being a disseminating medium for typhoid fever, and the only question in dispute is as to how the Tuf. Latk Mr. Wii.i.t.\m Howitt.—Referring to the late Mr. William Howitt, who died at Rome 011 March 3, aged S4, the Home. Xtit\\* observes :—" Deceased was one of a large family, and was born at Heanor in the year 1793, so that lie was an octogenarian and something more. He married a Quaker lady, Miss Mary Butham, who being of a literary turn of mind materially assisted her husband in his literary pursuits, la 1 So-, Mr. Howitt, accompanied by his two sons and .1 few friends, made a vovago to Aus tralia, where lie remained for upwards of two years, visited Sydney, Melbourne (where he had a brother settled as a physician), and several of the 'diggings,' and undergoing many hardships, gleaning some practical experience as a digger, and also in journeys through the wilds of the interior. After their return to England the Howitts settled at Highgate, where they con tinued their indefatigable literary labors. About six or seven years ago the Howitts quitted Highgate, and took up their residence abroad. How Fihes may Or.l-:iN-ATE.—IIow easily a fire may break out without any apparent origin was shown at the residence of Mr. J. Fergusson, M.L.A., at Toorak, the other day. Early in the morning one of the family had occasion to enter the drawing-room, and discovered a number of photographs burning on a table. It was found upon inspection that tiie burnt photographs were lying just in the focus of a lens of a stereoscope, and the rays of the morning sun had sutEced to make the apparatus act as a. burning glass. But for the timely discovery (remarks tho A;y) there would probably have been great damage done in a short; time, and the origin g[ the fire would not have been found out. Congregational Union" and Mission of Victoria.—The annual sittings of this body are being held at Ballaraf. On Tuesday a large amount of business was transacted, the Rev. J. King (the chairman in the absence of tne Itcv. Ihoaias Jones. With regard to the state of tiie mission, it was men tioned that the depression caused by the failure of crops was said to have seriously affected many missiou stations. The erection of a church at Yarrawonga had been prevented; and the mission at Gunbower had been greatly mili tated against. With reference to the request from the Anglican Bishop of .Melbourne to the executive committee to appoint representatives to assist in the compilation of a series of Biblical lessons, with a view of inducing the Go vernment to introduce them into the State schools, a resolution was passed to the effect that the committee does not see its way clear to comply with the Bishop's request, but will willingly co-operate with any effort which has for its object the imparting of voluntary re ligious instruction in the state schools of the colony. Amongst the grants-in-aid passed were one of £S0 for Yarrawonga, and another of £90 for Gunbower. The Horson's Bat Railway.—The Govern ment payment to the Hobson's Bay Railway Company on Friday, for the shareholders resi dent in the colony, amounted to £301,353 7s. 7d. The lion. W. J. Clarke's cheque was for £02,0S0, and that of the Hon W. Campbell for £01,7-0, two of liia sons taking also a cheque for £S,000, and a third son one for £7,000. The Hon. W. Highett drew £21,000. A gentle man i:i Queensland received £$,000; there were several cheques from £1,G00 to £2,000, and the rest were from £S0 to £2,000. Tiie University " Commencement."—With reference to the disturbance referred to by our .Melbourne correspondent of the annual com mencement or the University on Saturday, the Arjus says:—We regret to say that the under graduates—or rather a number of them—again misbehaved themselves, as at last year's com mencement and that of 1S76. Owing to the in terruptions last year a'.. the reading of the essay which gained the vice-chancellor's prize, "Dr. Brownless this year withdrew the prize, so that no essay was sought to be read. The noisy cle ment among the students, however, appeared determined not to be baulked of its annual enjoyment, and the Chancellor, while con ferring the degrees was frequently inter rupted in the rudest manner. The dis order reached its highest when Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was presented to take his degree, the Acting Chief Secretary being greeted with a chorus of groans from the students., On another occasion the undergraduates, to show their good will towards Dr. Allen, broke into a drinking song, and at length the interruptions became so offensive that the Chancellor, Sir lledmond Barry, informed the students that if they could not behave themselves as gentlemen the meeting would be dissolred and resumed on their exit from the chamber. This warning, however, had little effect, and though the interruption con tinued the threat was liot carried out. After the proceedings had closed the members of the coun cil present held an informal meeting, during which it was suggested that next year only those undergraduates who are candidates fordegreo3 or certificates shall be admitted to the commence ment. The suggestion was generally approved of, and will probably be carried out, unless tlurc. is strong evidence forthcoming tliat the students will conduct themselves properly durii!" next year's ceremony. In the evening the University dinner (which has for some years been allowed to lapse) was held at the Melbourne Athenaeum. About 50 members were present, His Excellency the Governor, as visitor of the University, being among the guests. Several interestiug speeches were made, and His Excellency in the course oi his re marks spoke of the, desirability of students amoDfj their other requirements learning to be " gentlemen." The medical repeats received by the Minister of Justice in the case of David Henry are not considered to be of such a character as to warrant the release of the prisoner, who is said to be siightlv improving in health. The residents of "Rutherglea havs decided to call a monster meeting of the-, residents on the border with reference to the border duties. The aid of the members of Parliament whoss cou I stifcaent-s are interested is to be sought. 