"THOMAS INGOLDSBY." On Tuesday evening Mr. Henry Lubeck delivered a lecture, in the Mechanics' Insti tute, East Maitland, bearing the above title. There was a very large attendance, including ] a large number of ladies, and the lecturer was j well received, and he was frequently ap- plauded Mr. Lübeck introduced the lecture hy de- scribing a Quaker's meeting ; every one wah BÜenfc, a'.id all dressed alike. Two boys en- tered, one of them being Di.-k Barham, and the other a comical lad, who afterwaid-- be- came a distinguished Major. One of I bom held up a penny tart in his hand, and r-allrd out "Whoever speaks first will have this pie." " Go thy way, boy ; go thy way," «pul one of them, dressed in a dr.ib-c.ilourcd 'im't ; when Dick Barham immediately rejoined "The pie's yours;" it was thrown down, and the pair made off. Riehjxd Harri i Barham, who wrote under the name of "Thomas In- goldsby," was bora at Canterbury, on the Oth of December, 1788. His father died when the subject of the lecturo was only if" en years old. In 1802, when travelling to school, he met with an accident, Ihioiiyh the coach capsizing, by which hi« right arm was mutilated, and it wa« thought his death would have resulted Though this was desired and expected by nome, who would have liked to succeed to the ct.ito, and although he was a sickly child, he rapidly recovered, and grew strong. He remained at school till he was nineteen years old, when ho entered Brasenose College at Oxford. He was speedily elecied a fellow of the Phoenix College Room, afc that time the crack Uni- versity Club. To one with such spirits as Dick Barham, it could easily be expected what would be "the result among such companions. The early part of the evening was spent in fun, frolic and games, and young Barham was frequently up till four o'clock in the morning with, a wet towel, ro'ind his head studying. As might be expected he could not attend the seven o'clock chapel, and when he was spoken to he Teplied, " The fact is you are too late for me ; unless I get to bed at four o'clock, I would be of no use." The lecturer read some impromptu verses by Barham on Theodore Hook, composed on the occasion of him- self and his father passing Hook's resi- dence. It was something, the lecturer said, to know sueh men. Thackeray once said, " Oh, that I had been Shakespeare's shoe black." Happy were those who lived with such men as Barham, Hook, and others. After being three years at Oxford Barham took the degree of Bachelor of Arts with second honors; and choosing to enter into Holy Orders, he was appointed^ toa curacy in Kent. Now occurred a period in Barham's life which, when occurring in any person's, influenced them for better or worse. Barham married Caroline, daughter of Cap- tain Smart of the Royal Engineers. In his case the course of true love ran smooth, thus differing from that of bis friend Theodore Hook. Shortly after his marriage Mr Bar- ham was presented by the Archbishop with the Rectory of Snargate, and also with the living of Wareham. He removed there, and while there he met with an accident, break- ing one leg and spraining the other. He afterwards was appointed a minor Canon of St. Paul's, London. In the pulpit he was not remarkable, less from a want of power, than from a rooted disapproval of anything like oratorical display in such a place, and an an- tipathy to convert the house of prayer into a mere theatre forintellectual exhibition. It was therefore not as a popular preacher, still less as a party one, that he won the admiration of the people. He wrote no pamphlets, drew up no petition, and was not a speaker at Exeter Hall. It was among the people, the poor especially, that his zeal was shown. He would bestow as much time in the cause of one of the meanest of his people, as if it was his dearest friend. His zeal was not confined to his own parishes, and the piles of letters he left behind him amply testified to the wide influence he exerted. He waa never so happy as when he was engaged in promoting the happiness of others. His love for his cat ."Jerry" and his dog "Tray" was noticed, and when the latter died he wrote an epitaph on him, which the lecturer read. He could also write a comical letter : one was read to one of his old schoolmates describing his experiences on a holiday trip. In London Mr. Barham lived a quiet life, writ- ing to magazines under the name of " Thomas Ingoldsby," and his letters were well known in which he used to sign himself, " Tours as much as my own," or " Yours to the crack of doom." It was there he became acquainted with Hook. The lee-*-, turer here digressed from the subject of the lecture to relate a number of the jokes, «Sec, ac- complishments, and incidents in the life of Theodore Hook, who was a great friend of Ingoldsby, including the famous " Berners street hoax," which made a great sensation at the time. At the age of 56 Barham died, full of honors and regretted by the nation. His spirit sparkled with a freshness and buoyancy, and his humour never ran beyond mirth. His experience of life was of the best kind, he ga- thered friends around him and never lost one. He never met with coldness and regret. Though he had claims to be remembered by those who knew him as a faithful pastor and friend, especially among the few who knew him a social friend, it was as an author that he would never be forgotten. Whatever ble- mishes his writings contained-and whoso were without blemishes-they would occupy the place in the literature of the country that he had caryed out for them. " The lecturer then commented on the writ- ings of Ingoldsby, and recited or road the following pieces :-" My Lord Tom Noddy," a uniting of the serious with the ludicrour- ; touching verses on the death of his daughter ; " Too late," written on a dear friend who had boen kept in reduced circumstances till after the death of his wife, wheu he received pro- motion and wealth at a time when thoy had lost their charms to him ; " Reverie in West- minster Abbey ;" parodies on " The Babes of the Wood," and on " The Burial of Sir John Moore ;" " Barney Maguire's Ghost ;" " The Lady Rohesia;" "The monster balloon," given as an example of Ingoldsby's power of rhyming, which if it could not be done in one language he would do it in another, or use a part of one word or a part of two. The lec- turer was frequently applauded when recit- ing _ the above pieces. ne thanked the audience for the large attendance, and the patient hearing they had given him, and stated that it was possible he might give another lecture, when he hoped the'attend- ance would be as largo. He then concluded by Teciting " Mp. Simpkinson's adventures at Margate with the little vulgar boy," dressing in character for thô purpose. 