SPORTING NOTES, B? "The Wizard." Notwithstanding the counter attractions of the Melbourne regatta and the foot- race on the East Melbourne ground between Dean and Hewitt, Mr. Cox's meeting at Kensing- ton Park on Saturday was very fairly at tended, and a really good afternoon's sport ensued. Dutchman, whose running at the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting had not been lost sight of, was made a very hot favourite for the Hurdle Race, and he justified the confi dence reposed in him by winning easily, after Speculation had made the pace very strong for the first time round. Speculation was ridden to orders ; but had his rider adopted different tactics, he would have been very troublesome at the finish. The fol lowers of Griffin's stable thought they had a real good, thing in Lottery for the Handicap Flat Race, but a number of others preferred the chance of Lexicon, so that a deal of wagering took place upon the result. It, however, virtually proved to be a match be tween the grey horse Glengarry and Lexi con ; and the latter, who was rather on the big side, won somewhat comfortably at the finish, Lottery running into third place, and Benham (who seems to have lost his ancient pace) any distance away. The betting on the Pony Race was a little " mixed" at first ; but when the five competitors showed out on Hie running ground, Noma was made a very W>t favourite, Mill May, being almost as Sarmly aoppOTted. The .pot, hoover, was upset, as i-Nbrna was tefii|t along with Bellona and;Flirt, too much foot at the finish for Mill May. Be venuehad aneasy victory m the Connttiian Handicap, and, after some finessing,- Sagy was installed a very hot i favourite for the Trotting Race, nothing else being backed to any extent. As might be expected, bally won with indifferent ease ; but the public were so much dissatisfied with the manner in which Mr. T. Amott rode his horse Bones, that they groaned and hooted at him very, persistently as he passed the stand and en- tered the weighmg-yard. The stewards, with commendable promptitude, at _ once investigated the matter, and after looking ax the horse and taking some evidence, arn\ ed. at the opinion that the horse was beaten on his merits. Mr. Amott, who is a well-known Hotham resident, has always borne a very high character; and after viewing Bones, and taking the surroundings of the case into con sideration, I think there is no doubt but that the best horse won. Fleetwing for once was in the humour for racing, and never gave her field the ghost of a chance in the Kensington Handicap, which wound up the afternoon's amusement. The late Kyneton meeting quite kept up its character on Monday and Tuesday last, as being one of the most enjoyable meetings out of Melbourne ; and although the small number of acceptances and meagre list of entries did not hold out much promise of first-class sport, I am glad to say that the attendance fipm Melbourne, as well as from the district was extremely large. The excellent management of the stewards and other officials has had a great deal to do with popularising the meeting, which, I am pleased to be able to say, passed off, as usual, with out a single hitch occurring. The Hurdle Race undoubtedly looked like a " moral " for old Welshman, and he apparently had the race in hand until the last hurdle was reached, when, amidst the deafening yells and screams of the local public, Tipperary Boy, with the "green" colours up, caught Vnm3 and eventually won rather easily. Not withstanding that he had the steadier of 8st 12lb, Sussex's chance for the Kyneton Han dicap was thought to be a really good one, but he woefully disappointed the expecta tions of his friends, and was never dangerous, the winner turning up in the unthought-of Mountaineer, who ran in something like his true form. Cowarie and Roland ran extremely well, and were second and third, but Sussex's running was very indifferent, and quite disappointed those who had pinned theirfaith on him. As soon as it became known that A.T. was "wanted" for the Novel Selling Race, he was installed a very hot favourite, and the public opinion was, for the first time that day, correct, as he wTon m a very hollow manner, but Mr. Sevior had to pay Lfio for him — Loo over the price at which he was to be sold, so that the win was not a very pro fitable one. As Revenue and The Fraud baulked and fell at the first fence of the Steeplechase, and Rosebank was troubled with the slows, the Steeplechase was virtually a match between Himalaya and the constant Selector. The latter ran a great race, con sidering his condition, but Himalaya, who was ridden by the "lucky" Corrigan, beat him very cleverly at the end of the journey, Rosebank coming to grief at the last fence. Hotspur was made first favourite for the Lauriston Handicap, but was never dangerous in any part of the race, which won Id lead one to suppose that he lias gone off since the autumn meeting. Bar One and Palmerston ran a capital race all the way, especially the former, who was in splendid condition, but the son of Panic had too much foot for him at the finish, and beat him very cleverly at the end, Hotspur, who ran last nearly all the way, coming in a bad third. Wantage won the District Race as he liked, and this brought a really interesting day's sport to a termination. It was not to be expected that there would be such a large attendance on the second day, the principal features in connection with which was the fact that Palmerston carried off both the Flying Handicap and Booth-holders' Purse, Sussex being the actual last in the latter race. The meeting all through was one of the most successful that has ever taken place on the banks of the Campaspe, and I was glad to hear that it was also a financial success. ; The acceptances for the Caalfield Cup were declared on Wednesday, but the handicapper seems to have been rather unfortunate as re gards pleasing the owners of horses, as, of Hie original fifty-three nominations, only twenty two have paid up. Tom Kirk now heads the list with 9st, and the weights run down to Eudocia, with 5st 121b, which margin amply allows of the field being brought together. The a."Tinal meeting of the Eddington Racing Club was decided on St. Patrick's Day, when the principal event, the Handi cap, was won easily by Gratis, carrying 9st, Beeswing second, and Ladybird third. The annual meeting of the Warrnambool Racing Club takes place on Wednesday and Thursday next, ana although none of the metropolitan horses have accepted for the handicaps, there is sine to be a large attend ance from town, the trip to the Western District being one of the most popular of the season. The Deniliquin meeting is also announced for Thursday and Friday next, and as a large number of horses have accepted for the principal handicaps, there will be a large muster of sporting men from Mel bourne. The trip to Deniliquin is an exceed ingly pleasant one, and I shall be very much disappointed it the coming meeting will not prove to be the most successful ever held under the auspices of the Deniliquin Jockey Club. Mr. Wilson's horses, viz., Savanaka, Tocal, Avernus, Petrea, and South Hamilton, left Melbourne on Tuesday by the steamship Barabool for Sydney, and will have arrived at their destination by the time this is read. The weights for the Heidelberg meeting, which is arranged to take place on Hie 29 Ui inst., appeared on Wednesday, and Mr. Bond has succeeded in bringing the various horses very well together. The acceptances are due on the 25th inst. The Corop races, on St. Patrick's Day, were very poorly attended, owing to the unfa vourable weather, Hie racing was of a somewhat indifferent character. Keepsake won the Maiden Plate, with Emerald second knd Sir Bryin O'Loghlen third ; and Bondo (5 yrs, 9st 71b) came in first for the Hurdle Race, The Nut (aged, 9at 41b) second, and Pirate (4 yrs, lQst) third. The latter, how. ever, fell, and was never in the race. Tbe Cofop Handicap was appropriated by Kit k of the Woods (aged, 93t), Leader (5 yrs, 7at 51b) second, and Black Ella (5 yrs, Sst Vlb) third ; andNickof the Woods (9st) also landed the District Race, with Leader (7st 51b) second, and Dark Alice (4 yrs, 7st 101b) third. Owners -of horses will do well to bear in mind that the general entries and accept ances for the Warnambool Races are to be made on Monday next, the 24th inst. Entries and acceptances for the Lancefield and Deni. liquin meetings are also to be made ou Wed nesday next, the 2fith inst. The Marong Jockey Club had a very sue- cessful meeting on St. Patrick's Day, and the racing is said to have been of a superior character. Micky Free late Joe (150 yds) won the Handicap Trotting Race, two miles Rattler (100 yds) second, and Bob (150 yds) third ; and then came the Pony Race, which fell to Mignonette, Tommy second, and another " Tommy " third. The Selling Hack Race was won by Leeds, the Cavalry Race by Trooper Goodison, and the Farmers' Race by Sundown, which terminated what appears to have been an interesting day's sport. At the annual Yandoit and Franklin races, on the l?th March, the principal event was the Handicap, two miles, which, was won by Belle Brandon (6 yrs, 7st), Tom Thumb (aged, Sst) second, andPappeltuna(6 yrs, Sst 71b) third. The Mount Prospect races also came off on the same day, and Mr. Clarke's bl h Larri kin won the Prospect Handicap, Maid of the ? Mount a good second. The Flinders races, on Monday last, re« suited as follow : — Maiden Plate — Ammett, 1 ; Maggie May, 2 ; Fingal, 3. Flinders Handicap, two miles — Miss Jane, 1 ; Ranger, 2 ; Minerva, 3. A good race. Hurdle Race- Ranger, 1 ; Canary, 2 ; Star, 3. Free Gift Handicap — Miss Jane, 1 ; Mornington, 2 ; Sir Charles, 3. Hack Race — Canary, 1 ; . Little Nell, 2. The weights for the Brisbane Cup and Moreton Handicap were telegraphed to Mel bourne on Tuesday, and will be found else where. Melbourne, the recognised champion of the Queensland turf, has top weight in both handicaps, and must be very hard to beat, notwithstanding that he has the steadiers of 9st 51b and 9st Sib to carry. I hear that the well-known racehorse?, Palmerston and A.T., were purchased at the late Kyneton meeting by Air. E. Werkes, Both horses will leave for India by the next mail steamer. The Bacchus Marsh annual meeting takes place to-day, and as a very good programme has been announced, there ought to be a satisfactory attendance of the local people, Unfortunately, the Echuca and Sale meet ings will somewhat interfere with the attend anee from the metropolis, but those who intend to be present are reminded that a coach will meet the morning train at the Keilor road. The weights for the South Australian Jockey Club Autumn Meeting, and accept ances for the Great Northern races, will be found elsewhere ; and as some well -known horses will take part at both meetings, the proceedings "will be watched with more than ordinary interest. Entries for the Casterton Handicap of ISO, Hurdle Race of L75, and Steeplechase of LI 10, close on Wednesday next, the 26th inst. In the country edition of the Austral sian I observe that "H£gles," in his "Talk on 'Change," makes some uncalled-for remarks with reference to the jockey Piitchard, who died a few days ago from the effects of in juries he received in & hurdle race at Ken sington Park about six months ago. After erroneously stating that no compensation had been made to the boy during his illness, 1 " Hilgles" winds up with remarking — "Now (1), should there not be some kind of an in surance fund to which jockeys might sub scribe, and upon which a claim could be made in such cases ? and (2) is nothing to be done amongst racing men in aid of poor Pritchard's helpless relatives?" With re ference to the first question, the writer is evidently unaware of the fact that two years ago Mr. \V .J. Clarke handed Hie committee of Tattersall's Association the sum of L100 as the nucleus of a fund for the relief of dis tressed or injured jockeys, but, strange to say, the very class for whose benefit it was initiated have totally neglected it, under ! which circumstances Hie sporting com- i mumty cannot be blamed if they are also r indifferent in the matter. " riSgles" is also unaware of the fact that Mr. groan. of Adelaide, and other gentlemen, collected upwards of L100 for poor Piitchard imme diately it became known that he was seriously injured, so that bis comments in connection with the affair are upon an erroneous impression. The following is condensed from the Syd ney Town and Country Journal : — " Various i improvements are in course of completion on the Randwick course, notably amongst which abe the following Along the back and ex tending the whole length of the stand, a con crete walk is being formed about 12ft. wide, ft and which will be similar to that in- front cf ( the stand. Then there are to be seats placed around the trees planted in the saddling pad ? dock ; and if we may express an opinion, we | think it will supply a want that has been | long felt. Also in the training at the | back, twelve large mid commodious scraping- 1 boxes willbe erected, which will prove a great 1 boon to trainers, whe oftentimes have had to 1 take turn about to be enabled to dress their 1 horses. Mr. Harry Payton has resigned the 1 starter's flag for the A J.C., and Mr. James I Herald has followed in the same groove as 1 clerk of the course, and will no more don | those boots and coat for the A. J.C. These | are two things that we regret very much, for as a starter Mr. Payton was second to no one, Hie A. J.C. was ever able to boast of, and while he wielded Hie flag, which is a vary responsible position, success was always his. Mr. James Herald, too, is also a great loss, and having been associated with the club a number of years, he will be greatly missed- No one was better qualified to fill the posi- t Hon Hum he, and' when in the pigskin, be f t looked to tlie manfierborn. A fresh starter has not yet beenappointed, but Jemmy Ash-j wotth, who has so often carried the ' yelloW and black honourably for Mr. John Taitj has been.- ajbjwintejl clerk of the course — -q position that, although new to , him, .we feel sure will be weh filled, leaving he committer of the A.J.C. no cause to regret the -appoint inent. We understand that the number o| applications was legion, and Ashworth. must feel proud of the appointment, as no doubt he does." 1 The much talked-of figbt between Foley (of Sydney) and Abe Sicken (of Melbourne) took place on Thursday on the New South Wales side of the Murray. The police were put off the scent by a large party starting np the river in the contrary direction, .and the fight then came off in the presence of about 150 spectators The men fought six teen rounds, lasting ope hour and .twenty 4 three minutes, whenHicken was unable to come up to. time.- Foley had the best of the fight ffom the commencement, and although' Hicken fought gamely, he was evidently! over-matched. 