CHURCH OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Session of the Diocesan Synod of Tasmania commenced on March 11. The Holy Communion was celebrated at the Cathedral at 11 a.m. The Right Rev. Bishop Bromby was celebrant, assisted by Dean Bromby, the Revs. Canons Davenport, Bailey, and the Archdeacon of Launceston (Ven. F. Hales). There was a numerous attendance of members of the Synod. The Synod met at the Town Hall, at 2.30 p.m. The Bishop presided. The Roll of members was called by the Secretary to Synod (Rev. Canon Davenport). Among those present were Archdeacon Davies, Dean Bromby, Revs. A. R. A. Beresford, G. Gruncell, G. W. Shoobridge, G. B. Smith, J. B. H. Bailey, C. Bromby, J. Chambers, F. B, Sharland, R. Wilson, E. Thompson, W. W. F. Murray, T. Garrard, A. N. Mason, J. Gray, H. J. Edwards, S. B. Fookes, C. J. Brammall, Archdeacon Hales, C. Vaughan, A. Cass, J. Evans, W. F. Mitchell, J. Mace ; Messrs. J. Barnard, J. Hamilton, W. Lovett, C. Butler, W, Belbin, A. Dobson, A. Reid, C. F. Collier, F. M. Innes, W. Bedford, W. O. Sharland, E. C. Nowell, C. Hazell, R. P. Adams, R. W. Butler, G. P. Adams, J. Whitehead, B. T. Solly, etc., etc. The BISHOP laid upon tho tablo certificates of the election of representatives for Fingal, Orielton, Hamil. ton, Pontvjllo, and other cures, and at this and sub. sequent sittings, .the new lay members signed the usual declaration of communicants. Mr, LOVETT presented a return of debentures be- longing to the Synod, and of money paid by the Government under the State Aid Commutation Act and some other returns. Archdeacon HALES laid on tho table the account of tho Ripon Fund, which was ordered to be printed, Also tho report of the Northern Financo Committee, Tho report of tho Southern Finance Commiteo waa also tabled. Tho SECRETARY presented the accounts of the Trial Fund, which wore ordered ta bo printed with the re- cords of tho Synod. Also the following --Return of the Parochial Endowment Fund, monies received from tho Colonial Treasurer durine the past year, account o| exponsea of Synod, and the report of the select com-, inittee appointed last session to enquire into the opera-i tion of tho Act for establishing a widow and orphan fund. Tho PRESIDENT delivered his opening address, which we abridge, giving some of toa more salient parts. Ho commenced aB follows:-I havo, by God's mercy, to mako on tho wholo a favour» ablo report of tho progross of Church work during tho past year, The many vacant cures have been gradually and satisfactorily filled np. Tho Rev. J, Chambers has been transferred from Bothwell to Evandale, and tho Rev. H, J. Edwards from Oat- lands to Westbury, which had become vacant by the retirement of tho Rev, M. Williams. Bothwell ¡a supplied temporarily by the Rev. A. Beresford, and Oatlands by tho Rev. J. Bach, from tho diocese of Adelaide, Tho Rev. J. H. Wills has been transferred from Green Ponds to tho Forth and Lovan, and bia placo has been supplied by tho Rev. J, K. Willmer, from tho diocese of Christchurch, Now Zealand. T>B cure of Buckland, vacant by tho retirement bf the Rev. C. Dobson, has bean filled by the Rev. 0. Power from England, The Rev. J. A. Fawns has accepted a license for genoral Church work. The Huon cure, which is an unusually extensivo and difficult QUO, baa been satisfactorily occupied by two clergymen workm» together, the Reva. E. Thompson and H, Hugill. The euro of the D'Entrecasteaux Channel alone remains unoccupied. I havo received applications for work in Tasmania from England during tho year, but In the absence of any fund devoted to the ilefrayin,cat of the cost of tho voyago, and having, in most instances, ri0 control over '"? appointment to vacant cures, I îe»r that I may havo bçen unable to offer tho applicant« buftieiont inducement to leave their present posts, A new church is iu progress of erection Ia Victoria on the Huon. The largo church at Perth. at a cost o' £1,400. has been consecrated, and preliminary steps havo been taken to build another ai Spring Bay and Orford, in the parish of Buck- land. Tho ohurch at Deloraine has been completed by tho addition of the chancel anda trausopt. The note chinch has also boon oonaecrated at Northdown on the North West Coast, »ad tho still larger QUO at Torquay m the sumo parish will be ready, for consecration noxt month. At the close of ¿ho present year» 30 new churches will havo been erected since my first entering upon tho work of my Episcopate, which gives nu average rata at: two, m oach year. We are greatly indebted to tho SWety for tho Promotion of Chris» tian Knowledge, for its grants for this object Ihe number of candidates preaonted to mo for cíi#í¡nnatwn durhig tho year 1878 was 408, which is an increase of 33 over the previous year. As to the newly formod Church Society, the President described its object, which he oomparod with the old system. Tho results would not be simply financial. "It is true that ata avorago payment of six shilling« a year, or ii*, penco a month on tho part of all nominal church. pauplo, would secure no loss a total than £15,000 a year, but a still happier ooiwequenco would bo the awakening of a personal interest in Church work, whioli always aooompnuies personal effort. The h'atvuy of tho Church Society in New South Wales, and of tho Episcopal Church of Scotland, affords con- vincing proofs that suoh diffusion of effort, besides securing tho ministering clergyman from the dread of iiisolvonoy, has tho still greater advantage of blndisg tho peonlo to their church, and increasing their own personal interest in the moons of grace and the minis- trations of religion." His Lordship referring to the Cathedral and the desirableness of completing the design, mentioned the foot. that one churchman ia Victoria had offered £10,000 towards the erection of a cathedral in Melbourne, and that a sum of £2,000 from an anonymous benefactor had been made toward« a similar object In Western Australia, and proceeded i " I will not believe funds will be wanting amongst our. selves towards tho completion of a work, which so far is a standing credit to Tasmanian liberality. A few genorouB subscriptions to set the project in motloss would Boon effect the object In view. I am willing to contribute £100 a year for five years, or BO long «el retain my present office, on condition that nine others follow the twwple j or faittog this, I prépose tait» duce it to £50 for tha same term, and on the some condition. I should be Borry to see this work done .by what I have called the exercise of .a judicious economy to any great extent, but what appears to me a question- able appropriation of its resources by which the cathedral may be said lo bo building itself. When the work ia completed, thoso resources should, then at lenat, I think be wholly devoted to their more legitimate purposes, the extension of spiritual work in the city and in the Diocese." Ilis Lordship then referred to Christ's College, the Church of England Temperance Society, scriptural instruction in public schools, the necessity of the lay members of the church promoting tho offen by their sons for tho work of the sanctuary in the Diocese, and the Lambeth Conference, and went on to Bpcak of the lamentable ignorance among churchmen as to tho history of thoir church, and the ground upon which t»he took her Btand at the Reforma- tion. Ho said tho great principio that guided tho reformera was to regard as essential, whether in faith, or discipline, nothing that was not sanctioned by tho writings of the New Testament, and the distinct witness of tho apnatolicnge. " It was not," he said, "creditable to ourselves OB teachers, nor just to our people, that, for 'want of botter instruction, we should allow them to accept popular tradi- tions at the hands of ' teachers, - who vat their private intorpretationa to the' sacred writings, and disparage tho authoritative teaching of the Church, as it is expressed in her 'creeds and formularies. The popular belief is, that the Now Testament was a " gift" placed in the hands of tho world, from which each individual that obtains a copy was left to work out a system of doctrine and Church organisation for himaelf. Wo forget the fact, to which the Now Testa- ment itself bears witness, that Our Lord, before His ascension, founded His church, and gave it all its com- mission and powers, promising to it tho indwolling of the Holy Spirit to the end of tho world. From this we aro led to infer that, if any writings, claiming tobe written by inspiration, were afterwards preserved, both inspiration and preservation were due to this promise ; that what was written hy apostolic men waa inspired in the sense that their words, aa well as acts, wore directed by tho Holy Ghost ; that whatever of reverence ia duo to Holy Scripture isa priori duo to fhat Christian Institution by whoso Divinely-guided «aro, and indwolling Spirit those writings, afterwards collected into ono volume, but originally spread over a series of years, and addressed to far-Beparated branches of the Church of Christ, wero selected, pronounced authentic, and placed in the sacred canon. Such an institution,so constituted, wits the Divine instrumental- ity, which for moro than a century had boen carrying out Christ's commission to "baptise all nations, and to teach whatever He had commanded." .... Havinç established the basis upon which the authority of the writings of the Now Testament dependa, our own reformed branch of tho Church Catholic proceeded to make thoso writings ita grand standard and criterion. Silo rightly argued that, if there be any feature of tho Church in any age, wlietbor in its pracMee, or its constitution, or its teaching, distinctly opposed to ita witness, the inferenco is irresistible, that such feature could have had no place ¡hi the primitive Church at the time when any one of fhe-rarioiiä" books which compose tho New Testament ' ?was in circulation. And as the writings of the New Testament support tho witness of the primitive Church, BO does the Primitive Church support the authority of the New Testament. For no ono can read the works of the earliest ngo that have como down to us, snob as those of Clement and Barnabas, Polycarp and Ignatius, Papias and Justin Martyr, without being convinced that the arguments f«f infidels, like Strauss, who ¡regard the miraculous Incarnation, tho Resurrection and Ascension of Christ as myths of a later growth in She second century, are contradicted by these earlier writera who, without any direct reference lo the New Testament, assume the truth of, and continually dwell upon all the grand facts of the Gospel History, It is tho forgclfulness of the great historic fact that Äie New Testament was evolved bv .the Holy Spirit f wa>i the Church, already ornanised by Christ and His Apostles, that has Ud to much of the sad disintegration of modern times. The Church of England justifies her rejection, at the Reformation, of all those doctrines which bad no foundation in the written Scriptmes on which the light of primitive witness has been thrown ; and for the kains reason she protests against tho inno- vations 'and presumptions of some mistaken peoplo «idled "Brethren" mid others who defy the teachings iof history, and by defying cannot fail in the end to promote by re-action the claims of the Church of Rome. TL'O any thoughtful mind it must lie clear that tho ¡truths which were Jearnt by men of the post apostolic ¡age, which peicolalod through that aga from tho apostles themselves with whom thoy had convorsod, must throw moro light upon the sacred writings which tiley collected," than' do the, opinions and tho private inteSjwet.atioiiRi of a few peoplo who meet together in' thia 'l'Jth century, aud it is to tliia J ignorance of history and the startling as- sumption that the Holy Spirit is more likely to guide tftjom than the Primitiva and undivided Church, that wo ¿\tt the present unsottloment of many yotithf ul.oarnest, Ihut -undisciplined minda. Tha Creeds are at least authoritative expositions (whether infallible or- not, fa.another question) of the written Soriptures. Jf not filis," then each mau is Lound lo make hi» own creod. There is no alternative. Truth ceases to have ai)y objective reality. If ia a thing of cliamcloon colour, «changing with changes of human fancy. It is our duty, sand I would appeal to other ohurches as well, lo abide hy the old paths, to baptize mon into tho name of tho I'avher, and of the Son J and of flip Holy Ghost, " called to be Bons," and to jvarn our peoplo against all limiting views, and the blasphemy of re-baptizing them into narrow Communities,- alienating from Himself, and .from each other those whom God has unitfxl. J hfve made these remarks in reference to persons wj» are unsettling other foodiea as well as ourselves nndetr the Bolf-assumed title cf "Evangelists." They product no credentials of their calling, except their own inner witness. This may indeod fully satisfy themselves, but no sonsiblo men can aecei>t it on their ¿>wn account, unless it bo supported by external warrant. Before men are naked to desert thoir Church, und to break every link that hinds them to the past, and to obey the .vole« of strangers who bid them rnveallo themselves their innermost experiences under tho pain ot auathemu, Rurelv they have a light to ask ."what sign »newest thou J" in thus assuming a .spiritual superiority ovor -us. If snob men como among na boldly to rebute vico ; if thoy lift up their voioOj aed repeat the witness for God written i;i men's «onsciences before tho foundations of Christianity and the Mosaic law ; if thoy can gather, though only from curloHÍty, into our town halls the thoughtless yojuijj of both sexes who throng our streets ; who, amidst the nboundings of Iniquity, would tiaro to forbid them? Bnt when I seo them defying e*cry principle of order iaid down in tho New Testament, soiningitho keys of Christ's kingdom, opening and shutting its gateB, .hy a self-assumed infallibility, then do I recognise the çefurn _ of a most dangerous fanaticism. ïiis Lordship concluded tis follows :-lu Bpeakiug of Ájiostoíi« order, I am not now insisting upon the (mostfon whether tho voice of antinuity s?amp* with its seal Episcopal,, Presbyterian, OF Congregational .order, or whether the Church was left in it* wisdom to adapt such order to altered cirenrn Rtavccs of î'w« end place, but whether Christ did not fully organisa Ti'« Church, and givo it its commission, and eufa-qst to it the" deposit of tua faith, even " all things that He commasdud," and then ¡womiso to it n Paraclete, whom He wonfj Bond to guide ii into nil necessary truth. I inn insisting «lion a duly oiric tp all others, that of faithfulness to the facts and lessons of history. This ia our special duty as English Churchmen, to reject all doctrines as necessary to salvation which do not find their warrant in Holy Scripture, as well as all thoso private iutei-protationa -pinch aro not supported by the witness and uroeds of primitivo Christianity. And they are simple enough, TOO later symbols, like the " Atlmnasian Oieed"and the " Thirty-nine Articles of Religion," aro valuable to Theologians, as the records ot ancient confiiott with heresy, conflicts that may return ; but what the masa of our people want is not scientific Theology. They pood guidance and help in tho great battlo of Ufa, . comfort for ita Borrows, motlvo3 for porsonal holiness. ¡So long aa wo bring our appeal« to the hearta and i-ons/iiencea of our people, from the Cross of Christ "evidently set forth" to their cara iu our proaching, and befoio their eyes in the Sacrament, tho Holy Spirit will proportíonably bless our labours, and ouablo na to present thora " perfect in Him." Our object is to .make our peoplo »noro loving, moro pure, moro oboAieat itt .Divino law in displaying tho love, tho purity, the obernoo of Jes'is Christ by whieh wo rocoivo the atononwjit, tho blotting o,ut of transgressions, and jhe harmony between Hie «oui and God. To *nablp us to uVi this, was tho object of tho commission ¿ylilcll we 'boar from Christ. While »Co Bays to tho fioofc '"Obey -them that have the rule ovc you, as thoso tha * Wist^iyo account for your souls ; " and yet, "provo'nll ¿»»(»»s." ffo sava to the pastors, "Bo yo examples to the «!*&" '''fur V15 ?o'i ?f. Man is as 1 man taking a far /"«Wey, who loft bia house, and gave authority to bia servante, and to ovciy niau his JIN»*, and commanded tho porter to Witch. ' i^et us exorcise that authority with siniplioily, perform that work with diligonce, and watch with our loins girded, and our lainp.s burning. (His Lordship rosuwod, his seat amid applause.) Tho other business of the firat day ombracod tho jo^ptioii of a report of n «elect committee to con Bidoril'0 position of assistant curates in tho Diocese ; tho con^'d°ration of another report, namoly, on the rcpresentàù'T1 °f parishes in the Synod, and a resolu- tion for ¡nsut.inß tho Bishop'» house. Tho .Synod ¡Mt on tho three following days; among the business transacted wero tho recopilo« of the 1 ¡«pt.i fc flf the Church Society ; tho passing of tho estimates, for the Southern Archdeaconry ¡ a debato on tho motion of Archdeacon Knles, to tho offeot that tho Northern Archdeaconry sliould not bo rogulatod by the ruleB of tho Church Society, when aftor an effective apooch by Dean Bromby, aud further disouBsion. tho Archdeacon's resolution was -withdiawn. Dean JJromby afterwards brought forwaul somo resolutions în the spirit of compromise, to nmoiul Uio rulea of the Church Society, so a», in a great lnoasuvs, to .secure the objecta of Archdeacon Halea and the "Northern members of Iho Syuoil, which wore agreed Xo with alterations. The election of members of the .?Northern and Southern Finance Committco of tho iChurch Society also took placo. On tho fourth day ¡the Synod adjourned till the following Tuesday. 