SERMON-RECITAL AND PREACHING. Our remarks on sermon-recital and preaohing have called forth replies from the Argus in an able and temperate leader, and from the Rev. G-. W. Torrance and ''W. A. B.' in the correspondence columns of this paper. The Argus confesses that it fails to see the force of our reasoning, and we are hardly surprised at the admission. We assumed a spiritual gut on the part or the preacher, and a special grace ministered by him to the congregation ? through its exercise. The Argus looks upon the idea of ' a peculiar efficacy attaching to the words of men who by virtue of some eminently human machinery are appointed to cures, as an ecclesiastical figment which is flatly contra dicted by daily experience.' It is true that the Argus, in these words and throughout its article, has confounded the claim which, we made for the preacher with a claim for the minister of the parish — a confusion against which wp thought we had effectually guarded ; but this mis take is of little importance, since it is plain that njo belief in any special grace inhering in the preacher's office is compatible with the theory which the Argus maintainsf that his ministrations are only effectual when he brings io his task those natural and acquired powers which enable men to influence their fellows in other walks of life ; and that then only, like other good men, may he expect a blessing from Providence upon his labours. This is a view of the Christian ministry that, if admitted, un doubtedly carries with it all the consequences which are sunnosed to flow from it. Tf a nrfiaehfir has. indeed, onlv his natural gifts and acquired powers to depend on for the value of his utterances, the conclusions arrived at by the Argus are undeniable. But if the faith of the Church in all ages, that behind the words of the humblest preacher, standing faith fully in his appointed office, there lies the whole omnipotence of the Triune Godhead, be the truer account, no argument for the improvement of the pulpit that does not recognise tliis truth can carry any real weight. ; Mi. ^orrance is very far from intending to deny the Divine ordinance of preaching, and yields to no one in his ; estimate of the preacher's office as one of Divine appointment. His con tention is that the preacher may on occasion exercise his gift m well, or better, by reading another man's sermon, as by preach ing his own. 'None, I am sure, will venture,' he says, '1;o assert that, since the firstrecorded sermon of our Lord Himself, when He began to preach in the very words of the Forerunner, the promised blessing which flows from the relation rightly fulfilled between the preacher and his congregation has bee:a restricted to the so-called original utterances of the man actually present, and denied to the words of one who, being dead, yet speaketh.' Now, setting aside the allusion to our Lord, which is perfectly unintelligible except on the supposition that it is meant to be implied that He borrowed His discourse from John the Baptist, we venture distinctly to assert that whatever blessings may have flowed to the congregation whenever a preacher has . suppressed his own word to let a dead man speak instead of a living one, the blessing of a relation rightly fulfilled has not oeen one. in or ao we, m saymg so, in any way ??? exciuae all direct use and application of the accumulated wisdom and piety of former ages.' We only exclude that particular use of them which would substitute them for an ordinance of God. So far from our argument tending to the suppression of human helps, and the discouragement of study and preparation on the part of the minister, the knowledge on the part of the preacher that he himself has* a gift from God for his office, the responsi bility of which he can by no means put away or evade, is t,Tifi vpiw st.rrmo-fist. reason, in' this and everv ap*e. for his striving to increase by all means his own powers and resources, that by no deficiency of the natural man may the grace given to him be hindered. Mr. Torrance will, we hope, see reason to modify his somewhat unguarded statement that ' every sermon to be really effectual must not only draw power and illumina tion from the holy Spirit of God, but must also draw largely upon the resources of human instrumentality.' But we are entirely of his mind, that no amount: of reading and preparation can be too great for the man who is set of God to teach and to preach in the congregation. But this concession brings us no nearer to the point for which Mr. Torrance contends. He asserts, indeed, that the difference between a sermon prepared after stud}r of other men's writings, and a sermon borrowed, is only one of degree \ and from the merely literary point of view this may be true : but the difference 'between the honest effort to fulfil one's .office as of the:ability that God gives, ;and the falling back upon the ability that God gave some one else, is not a difference in degree, but in kind. , Even the fact that many ' so-called original' sermons are to all intents and purposes as much borrowed as if they had been taken directly out of a book, while it may convict the disingenuous writers of ifailure of their duty, cannot prove the avowed borrower ifco be fulfilling his. Still less can we admit that the objec tion to the 'constant reiteration of our own thoughts' ihas the force ? or application which Mr. Torrance gives itt. It has either much greater force, or it -has none. j'Cfc either precludes our preaching any but borrowed sermons — indeed, any sermons atall — or itis irrelevant to the discussion. ][f every time a man preaches one of his own sermons he ijiece'ssarily preaches his own thoughts — meaning his private ?fdews or speculations — then he ought never to preach one; ;t'rat he has no more right to preach a borrowed sermon, which, ijn that case, contains the views and speculations of its pai* ?fejicular writer. If, however, by 'his own thoughts' is meant 'tjhe Word of God as he himself has received and apprehended ii; in his mind and spirit, then it is precisely that he may plreach and teach that and nothing else that God has put him ! Our whole protest against Mr. Torrance's proposal; briefly sijimmed up, is this— The preacher is sent to preach; and sermon-recital is not preaching* Mr. Torrance contends tliat ' if judiciously employed in the manner proposed, it is,' We are at a loss to understand the force of the qualifi ca tion. Surely, if sermon-recital is not preaching in itself, no wixy of using it, however judicious, can make it other than wlfciat it is. But if it is, then, the frequency, of its use is' a mere question of expediency and judgment. A man may always find better utterances and better thoughts than his own, and is not to be blamed if, in the end, the better to fulfil his ministry, he abandon altogether, the original sermon for the borrowed one. Such a man, accord ing to Mr. Torrance, will be really discharging his office and exercising- his gift as a preacher in the best and highest way, without ever preaching a sermon or line of his own. But ?wjhat, then, is the gift that such a preacher exercises, unless, indeed, the gift of reading another man's words ? \- j ' W. A. B.'s' arguments, though clearly and pointedly put, need not detain us long. The first is that the Churoh of c England, in directing the use of the homilies in public ?vvrorship, witnesses that the practice of sermon-recital is n.ot inconsistent with faith in preaching as aDiyine ordinance. Does, then, the Church of England in any of her formularies cleclarebr imply that a preacher is exercising his gift or (lischar'ging his office by reading a homily ? The ' homilies ' .are to !be read upon any Sunday or holy day when there is no sermon. Deacons, though not allowed to preach, may read homilies. The occasion for composing the homilies was, we are told, that at the beginning of the Reformation a competent number of ministers of sufficient ability to preach in a public congregation was not to be found. Plainly, the homily was provided, not for the preacher's ; use, but to meet the case of his absence. Equally plainly, no . minister holding authority to preach can plead the direction of the Church for his substitution for his authoritative utterance of any homily, whether of his own choosing or the Church's. ' W. A. B.'s' other argument, that in conceding that the borrowed sermon might possibly be profitable to those who heard it, we practically conceded the whole ques tion, since the only end of a sermon is the profit of the con gregation, is singularly inconclusive. The preacher is the possessor of a spiritual gift to profit the congregation withal. He may profit them in a variety of ways — intellectually, morally, even religiously ; but unless he profit them directly through the exercise of his gift, he has failed in his proper office and ministry to the people. Mr. Torrance only does us justice in assuming that in all that we have said we have spoken without any personal reference. For himself and for his work in Balaclava we have the highest esteem and sympathy. Had the proposal we have discussed been confined to his own parish, we should have had neither right nor desire to make it the subject of our animadversion. But when publicity and praise were given to it in many quarters, and the clergy were being encouraged to seek relief from the burden of sermon-writing in the easier practice which, following the mediaeval phrase, we have 1 termed sermon- recital, it became our* duty to point out that, I irrespective of natural abilities, the preacher has a gift of the I Holy Ghost for the discharge of his ministry, and that if he I hides his own talent in a napkin he will not be excused 1 because lie has traded with that of his neighbours. I 