At the College for Men and W omen, Queen- square, a " Women's Ambulance Class" lias been formed, and is meeting witlr great success. A writer in Blackwood says : — The English nAtnft in ifo nimn nntlinuo i a n mnocitiA TAflTPBfl ili wuuin«,Oj io » J,iUOU' w which? its occupiers defend against all comers; the German home is a woman's labouring place which offers weak attraction to men ; and the French home is a common ground of union, where all the members of a family, and each of their friends, find a seat awaiting them. . Tliere are exceptions everywhere in quantities ; but who that knows and can compare the daily life of the English, the Germans, and the French, will deny the general accuracy of these rough, definitions. Her Majesty the Queen has, according to the Montrose Standard, very narrowly escaped being made a contributory to tlie Glasgow City- Bank. - A lady possessed of some wealth, a portion of it invested in Glasgow City Bank shares, died a few weeks ago. It has. been discovered that she left no natural heirs, and the Crown succeeds as legal heir to all her property, real and personal. Of course the Crown will now disclaim and will not accept the assets, hut" had the event occurred a few weeks sooner — that is to say, before the \- bank was known to be in difficulties — the herit age would, like many others, have been accepted, and the head of the list of shareholders to-day would figure the name of our sovereign lady the . Quean. Interesting and successful experiments have been made at Havre with a dress designed by M. Selingue for saving life at sea. The trials took place in one of the large docks of the town. One of the harbour pilots and a boatman, wear ing ordinary clothes and heavy sea-boots, put on the life-saving dress and plunged into the basin. It was found that they floated in- the water without making the slightest movements ; after- wards the men swam for some time about the dock. The inventor next proceeded to cut the suit all ovei, in order to show that a person wearing the life-saving clothes would still float, even though they should be torn by coming into contact with floating wreckage, rocks, &c.; Al together thirty two cuts and rents were made in the dress, leaving the body of the wearer in many places exposed to view. One of the men then divested himself of his clothing, and, pi ung- . ing into the water, feigned to be drowning. His companion, still wearing the cut and mutilated dress, entered the basin and easily brought the other to the shore. The dress consists of a pale tot and trousers, forming a single garment, in order that a man wearing the suit may not be wet by rain or. spray, -'and- is rendered insubmer- gible by being, divided . into twenty- eight com partments, each of which contains a .float, com posed. of : twenty' small cylindrical and articu lated floats. The system may be applied to any clothing. How to Tell the Age of Sheep. — In buying or selecting sheep for keeping or fattening, it is important to know their ages ; this can be easily and quite accurately determined by examination of the teeth, and there is no other way of getting at the asre with any degree of certainty. Sheep, like cattle, have no upper front teeth, but The gum is hardened into a tough pad. The lamb, at birth, shows but two incisor teeth, often none ; t)u e in Aoout aO ciftys tiiG xull sot ox eight milk teeth" has .appeared, and at three months the " dental arch"(the-ffont teeth) is full and round. Between a year and 18 months the middle milk teeth are replaced by broad. prominent ones. Towards the age of two years, the teeth next on each 6ide of the middle drop out and their place is taken by broad teeth. At this stage the jaw shows four broad teeth in the middle and two narrow ones on each side. The last remaining milk teeth are so small as to be hidden behind the broad oneB, and scarcely visible, when look ing at them on a level and in front. At 4 to 44 years these last milk nippers are replaced by the permanent ones ; but not until 5 years or after do they attain full size." After this age the teeth gradually wear away, and at nine years are much worn. There is considerable varia tion, however, in the teeth, according to breed of the sheep and_fhe way in which they are kept, but a little practice will enable one to es- timate their ages quite accurately.— A merican Agriculturist. The Pastoral Times suggests that tenders should be called for the capture of the Kelly gang. The idea, at first sight, does not appear a bad one ; but a little consideration serves to show that it would prove altogether too hazard ous. As the honorarium for catching the gang . would no doubt be payable, whether the mis creants were taken alive or dead, a number of innocent people would most likely lose their lives through the eagerness, of the amateur bloodhounds. Moreover, as the plan would in volve the erection of numerous bands of ten derers, there would be frequent cases of one band sticking-up another band, and shooting each other in the interests of justice and good order. W E have been shown (Says the Toioers Herald ) a spear head about four inches long, which with the application of a strong pair of pincers, had just been extracted from the middle of a black- fellow's back. It had evidently been broken off by a violent collision with the spine. The wretched creature was almost covered with ter rible tomahawk wounds on the back and shoul ders, and although he was lying apparently in a dying condition near the rear of Mr. Fitz's. premises, in a few minutes he had mysteriously vanished. We were told that he killed another blackfellow on the other side of the town, and that he had received the pointed, sharp,' and striking visitation Tiy way of avengement. The CooJctown Herald reports renewed acti vity on the part of its " sable brethren." The telegraph line is down between the Laura and Palmerville. " The dark gentlemen have taken a loan of about five hundred yards of wire, and will probably put it back when they have done with it. Seriously speaking, however, some thing must he done either to run the blacks in or wipe them out." The. London Daily Telegraph relates that what is truly called " a distressing story" was lately unfolded in a most painful detail before a coroner's jury at Westminster Session. House. It concerned the death of a child just two months old, James Matthews by name, whose father, an artisan out of work, had parted with one little chattel and fragment of property after another rather than go to the workhouse, but, although 6ober and steady, had been unable to get employment. His wife and he, with an in dependence of spirit which, all must respect, would not " come on the parish," but preferred " to fight on as best they coiild in the hope of something turning up." We know how this generally ends at a. time of dull trade and en forced idleness. Mr. Mieawber's good fortune turned up in Australia, but the English working man's future, if he be unfriended, burdened, and out of employment, is destitution and semi- starvation, deepening gradually in suffering un til he has his choice between the pauper's home and the pauper's grave, As a last resource, it seems, the wife of the unfortunate Matthews took her child in her arms and went out singing in the streets. Crippled, feeble, starved, half- clad,, and sick with, the heart-ache which only such pnfortuhates can realise, she, for three days in succession, wandered about ; but her poor efforts did not attract pence enough to keep body and soul together. The baby was scantily clad, and the mother worse ; and on the third day of. this desperate attempt to win com passion by the help of street ballads, the child, wrapped up in a shawl so thin that its wan, pinched face could be seen through the folds, died in her arms. Such a tragedy is absolutely shocking, and in a city like London should be impossible. Claibourxe F. Jackson, who was once Gover nor, of Mississippi, married five sisters in suc- cession, in a wealthy and distinguished family. When he went to ask for the last one, his vener able father-in-law replied, " Yes, Claib, you can have her. You have had them all. For good- , riess sake don't ask rae for the old woman ?" Dr. Hutchison, of Ipswich, is either a very obstinate or a very conscientious man. This gentleman' is at the present time required as a witness in the case of a person charged with manslaughter. The case has now been called on at the Police Court three times, each time with out any progress being made, as the doctor, whose evidence is of prime importance, refuses to impart what he knows. Naturally the Bench regards this obstruction of justice unfavourably, and commit the unwilling witness to gaol for a week each time, for contempt of Court, and the ' doctor has now been relegated to confinement three weeks in succession. As for the individual charged with manslaughter, he seems doomed to pass his existence in lieb doinadal appearances at the bar until the principal witness either gives up the ghost or comes to the conclusion that he is paying too dearly for his obstinacy, or con scientiousness, or by whatever title he recognises his contempt of Court. The Murrurundi Bench sentenced Bernard Fox to twelve months' imprisonment with hard labour in Tamworth gaol, for taking eleven bulls out of the paddock of Mr. Smart's drover at Qnipolly, putting them in the pound, and plac ing £55 damages on them. The bulls belonged to Mr. Smart, of Singleton, and were going to. his stations, when Fox impounded them to get money out of the owners. Dr. W. Tyrrell, the Bishop of Newcastle, New South Wales, who was consecrated in 1847, and has never left New South Wales, according to the Times of December 13, proposes shortly to resign his see. His successor will be. tlie Rev. Robert Hodgson, vicar of Christ Chinch, West Bromwich, who will be consecrated in the early part of the year, and probably act at first as coadjutor. He was a scholar and exhibitioner of OrierCollege, Oxford, and took a thud-class in Lit Ham. in 1866. After serving for four years as curate of. Sloke-npon-Trent, he was ap pointed to the vicarage lie now holds: by the Earl of Dartmouth, and; he was recommended for the colonial Episcapate by the late Bishop Selwyn. ' Between 8 and 9 o'clock on Monday week (says the Daily Telegraph) a terrible fatal acci dent occurred at the Footscray railway station, on the Williamstowh line. A widow, named Cecilia Britt. aged 61 years, residing in White- hail-street, Footscray, who was going to the railway station for the purpose of proceeding to Melbourne, was about to cross the line at the crossing-place, some 20 or 30 yards above the station, when she noticed that the train to Wil liamstown was leaving the Footscray station. Being afraid to cross the line until the train had moved, she stepped aside in order to allow it to pass. In the meantime the 8.26 train from Wil li amstown had reached the top of the hill, some distance above the station. Mrs. Britt, seeing that the train was some distance off, evidently thought she would be able to cross the line in time, and as soon as the train to Williamstown had passed her, she stepped on to the line. The opposite train came rushing down the hill at full speed. The engine-driver did not see the woman soon enough to stop the train ; but when he did see her, he at once sounded the alarm and put the break on. Before the woman had time to sret clear the buffer of the enerine struck her on the shoulder and threw her across the rails. She was then caught by the rail guard, which continued rolling her over for some thirty feet, when the engine and eight carriages passed over Iter body, crushing her into pieces. Death must have been instantaneous. At the time of the accident the deceased was going to see her daughter at Northcote. She has left a large family, who are, fortunately, all grown up and able to provide for themselves. " Will Honeycomb," of the Dubbo Dispatch, writes : — It's not often that I take any notice of Yankee notions, but the other evening, while looking around my attention was drawn at Coen and Dunn's to a sort of Windmill with two arms which went round at the rate of knots an hour. Naturally I enquired its character, and found it was a patent mosquito and fly exterminator. Not a fly or any other insect will come within a rod of you while this thing is playing about. Placed on a dining table, it wards off blow-flies and all other creeping insects. It does all is said of it, and as I have given the thing a trial, I look upon the maker aft a public benefactor. If ever lie knocks about up this way, lie can in dulge in a. long sleever at my expense. — Host M'Gregor, of Coonamble, has been suffering a vexation of spirit. Some party or parties' have been stripping his clothes-line, and here is a generous offer he makes .them, directing it to " Snowdroppers" : — " If the member of the fra ternity who stole my baby's napkins and dresses from a clothes-line, at the Overland Hotel, will call upon me lie can have the baby to nurse if he likes" Whatever chance he might have other wise of recovering the clothes, it strikes me the offer to let them have the baby will not be ap preciated. A superb steamer 450 feet long is being built in England for trading with this little island. The saloon will be forward, and the dining sa loon will be 44 feet square. This steamer will have a garden, a newspaper, a barber, a band, and a bar on board. The Mudgee Independent describes that a severely moral old bachelor in Forbes had a dead fat porker, fully 120 lbs., ready for the shop, placed in his bed as a joke. His nerves were shaken a little when first lie saw the rounded form in his single bed. But he took heart, and sold the porker, and, curious to say, nobody ever claimed it. By the Californian mail steamer Mr. Allan, the member of the Australian cricket team, who had his watch 6tolen. while playing a match at Philadelphia, has had it returned to him by the police authorities, but without any explanatory letter. The other members of the team who lost their watches have not yet heard of their being found. The Parliament. of Victoria has challenged the New South Wales Parliament to a game at cricket, and proposes the first match to be played in Sydney. The body of Captain Frazer, burnt in the brig Iserbrook six weeks ago, has been recovered, and an inquest was held ; verdict accidental death. Pleuro pneumonia has appeared amongst the stock at Narrabri. At Wilcannia fourteen deaths have occurred in ten days, mainly owing to the excessive heat. An important discovery (says the Bega Stand ard) was made at Nelson ranges on Thursday. Robert Wilson who had been for the last fort night prospecting, felt sure that he was on the right thing, and at 11 o'clock on Thursday he turned up an interesting stranger in the shape of a nugget weighing 5 oz. 17 dvvts. of pure gold The Crown Princess of -Denmark is very handsome, she is 6 feet 2 inches in height, very fond of dancing, but dances little, owing to a strong objection to dance with diminutive partners. . Mr. A. F. J. Hirst died at Brisbane on Wednesday last, from lockjaw,, which was brought on through his being cut on the eye by a whip when riding in an omnibus. The Duke of Devonshire has one hundred and two acres of flower garden at Chatsforth (his chief residence), in England, and sixty gardeners are constantly employed keeping it in order. . King Solomon had. 700 wives and 300 concu bines, 40,000 horses and 14,000 chariots, was de cidedly handsome, and had a high reputation for wisdom. His temple cost one hundred millions to build. An intelligent Sandhurst jury has been dis tinguishing itself. At an inquest held upon a young woman named Julia Jane Emery, who hanged herself, the jury returned a verdict of felg de se, and added a rider that there was no evidence to show the state of the deceased's mind when she committed the rash act. It ap- . pears that the coroner accepted this rather pecu-. liar finding. The Melbourne Age of Monday says — It is certain that the Kellys'gang are in the vicinity of their outrages, and that the police have. hem med them in. Apparently the arrest and safe keeping of their chief and most active sympa thisers has placed them in sore straits and they will be compelled to make an attempt to break through the cordon. Possibly the interruption of communication between Beechworth and Wan- garrata may have been caused by them in the prosecution of that purpose. Mr. Watterson, who has gone to England as the Melbonrue Argus representative in connec tion with the misson of Professor Pearson and Mr. Berry, to London, was at one time an office boy in the Queensland Times office, Ipswich..;. A country correspondent of the-".- Courier writes: — " Having nothing much to note of this place, permit me to remark that the white wo man running with the blacks up North is most probably an Albino. Tlie peculiarities of an Al bino are white skin, red eyes, and white hair. The Right hon. Bob Lowe is a specimen, though not a very marked one. I have somewhere read that these colorless beings are very common among West Indian negroes. Some sixteen years ago a little Albino girl was offered for sale to me for 4s; in an out.of-the-way part of India, where Europeans were so seldom seen that the people used to flock together to watch me eating 1113' dinner in front of my tent. I was very bus' at the time, and did not go near the child, although I noticed at the first'glance that it was an Albino from its impatience of the light of the retting sun. My companion, how ever,, who had served in a sepoy regiment, elicited that the mother was dead, and he in formed me' that she had most probablys-been murdered. Subsequently I regretted that I had not bought the child and placed it in an orphan age. But on enquiring for the girl next ear I was told that she too was dead. I would sug gest to a novelist that the wide conquering Nor man-English race has sprung from a converse action of the human mind which might be sup posed to have deemed these mysterious white visitors sacred. Just as the King of Siam lias raised a race of bearded women, so the super stition of some tribemay have reared a breed of white ; men and women, to become, firstly, a priestly caste, as the Levites among the Jews, the Brahmins among the Hindoos, or the high priests among the Parasees. And ultimately (as the high castes in India have come) to mo nopolise the soldiering and farming business. What a subject for Walker— the man who, un like Balaam the son of , Beor, had his eyes shut? A . French savant insists that Albinism is a proof that the human race was originally white ; on the principle of avatisin or. reversion. \But then A French Colonel once insisted that a bullet1 from a soldier's rifle took its course according to the will of the soldier without any reference to the mechanism of the weapon or to the man ner of the aim. A fact." , The Sydney correspondent of the Western In dependent writes: — Trickett say's that Rush will beat Laycock in the coming match. Mr. Lynch, formerly of the Melbourne Tele graph is bringing a plant for a morning daily paper. It will commence in about two months' time. 