THE IRISH WIDOW. k tale of ctrcrmstantial evidence. ik four chapters. Chapter I. — antecedents. A Ehort time after one of those unhappy, outbreaks which seem .periodically to take ' plate in Ireland, two members of the police - force were sent down "from the depot in Dublin to be stationed at the small village ox , Mullaghboy, near Dundalk in the county of Louth. One of them was the man who records his history ; the other, his constant friend sub-coustable Michael O'Dowd. Hav ing but recently joined'ihe ranks of the Dish constabulary, promotion was the ardent desire' of us both ; it occupied our thoughts the livelong day, and got mixed up with our dreams at night; But Mullaghiboy was a very unsuitable district for such two enter/ prising members of the force. The oppor tunities it afforded for crime were ridiculously rare —one public-house, a market every. Tuesday, and a fur four times in the year. Against such disadvantages we struggled' untiringly during the space of two years, without gaining A " single smile frum hard hearted bortune. On one occasion it was ; announced Drat the magistrate's greatcoat had been stolen out of bia hall, and I was the man who spent a whole 'fortnight in a pa;r,gt?n'hir investigation of the theft. It was, I confess,' (an unsatisfactory termination of mv search to flnd that the greatcoat had < in point of fact never left the magisterial residence at all, but had through mistake | been put away in a wardrobe by one -of the servants, who had left a short time before the hue-and-cry was However, the process by which I led up to thai discovery was quite beautiful, as all the barracks allowed. I bitterly felt the disappointment \- consequent of my fai1iw£ to establish a case of burglary, which would certainly have, iusureu tor ine the long- wuhed-f or stripe. Since that time 1 was familiarly known as , . Detective Dick. I gloried on the title, and was determined bo establish hay claim to it on a still more secure basis. A fire broke out in a farm-house: "'O'Dowd and myself . were the first on. the spot?„and strained every ' effort io establishout of iinicaseof maliciouB burning, and get the damages charged on'the adjacent townlands ; but the old couple who lived on the premises obstiuatety persis ted in alleging it to be their own fault. Once too a wedding took place in the village, herein the bride and bridegroom repre sented the two factions of importance. IVhea the bride's treat came off at the public- nou£e9 there were reasonable hopes of a row ; bnt iliuugli we kept out of the way most carefully, nothing came of it, and the party hroke up in quite an amicable fashion. e had come down to Mullaghboy at a Tery bad juncture. As often happens in Ire'ond. a profound had succeeded a stormy season of political agitation. The people seemed bcut on giving us no trouble. 15 h through spite. And yet we were in tbe vfrT district Where two murders of a dreadful character had been committed, . jEor which Qxteen men were committed and one hanged. But through the general gloom shone one ray ®f hope. Jemmy Lawless was a man whose vagaries pleasingly contrasted with Die all- pervading quiet. He and his wife repre sented the lowest stratum of society in tthe place. They kept np no style, and lived a sort of Bohemian existence. O'Dowd and I had our oyes on them ever since we came down to that unfortunate neighbourhood. They were wily ; so much so, that the only chances they ever gave us were when they came back tipsy from neighbouring fairs, or of a Saturday night, when they went down as a matter of course to the public-house. On such occasions we would descend with dignity andhauloffbotb of themto the barracks. Their mode of making a livelihood was precarious. A stranger, judging from the variety of trade in which they embarked, wm1/ uclude that they were folks. But we knew thw 06 notorious thieves, and tht +LeU- various trades were only a make- Deheve to bhnd the country-people. Lawless himmlf bought up decrepit old horses, whose hides and bones he used to sell to the dealers. He caught and trained singing-birds in the season. He made baskets, besoms, and bees caps. He sold greyhounds and terriers ; in fact any kind of dog you might want, even though he should have to go ten miles off to steal it for you. His wife dealt in knitted socks, dandelion, apples, sweet stuff, and the like necessaries and luxuries of life. In fact they were employed in anything or every thing except honest industry, and were designated as regular " characters," though character they had none. But as I said before, O'Dowd and I had our eye ou them, and they could hardly turn for us. They lived a considerable distance out of the village, but were nearly always in it. hankering after a rich old relative of theirs named Peggy hlalone. Peggy was a widow without any children, and pursued the lawful calling of a pedler. She was reputed to be very rich. Report said she had a stocking full of sovereigns hid in the thatch of her lonely cottage. In business she was quite indefatigable, despite her years ; she had every A ay of the week except Sunday, occupied. Thus of a Monday she would go to Dundalk market, a distance of eight miles ; having to rise for that purpose before the break of day. Of a Tuesday it would be her native Mullaghboy j of a Wednesday, Carrickmore ; and so on to the end of the week. She used to carry about with her the money, oftentimes a respectable sum , which she realised at these markets. She was always averse to the advances of the Lawless family, and had come to an open rupture with them a short time before the deed of blood which I am about to record, toot place. Chapter JX— Circumstantial Evidence. One -Monday evening late in December, O'Dowd and I were seated at opposite sides of the kitchen- fire in MuHagfcboy barracks, waiting for the hour of ten, when we-ahould go out and patrol along the Dundalk Road, treated on a chair between us, an old dissi- pated tinker named Walsh, whom we, had picked up in the afternoon out of a ditch; wals sleeping away his debauch. We found the poor soul in a drenched and helpless condition, and not' havingthe heart to put him in the lock-up atonce, allowed him to stay at the irnrt kitchen-fire. Soon the heat and thirst roused him from his torpor. Addressing me by the name of Lawless, he asked for a' glass ot something. I told him that he was in the barracks— a fact .indeed which "He ought to have known, for it was hot his -first appear ance there — and threatened to lock him up if he were not quiet. He calmed.- -down con siderably. and asked me if Lawless bid been arrested too. On receiving an answer in the negative, he muttered his annoyance, and in-" frtfmAA us that lawless was a rascal well worth watching,' always up to some black guard game or another&c.; - 0 Dowd winked at me across the hearth to draw out Walsh more fully on this topic. As I considered myself pretty skilful at a cross- examination— I used to watch Mr. . Mac- wheedler the attorney at petty -sessions— I proceeded at once to business. " How did it come about at .all, man, that we found you lying in that shocking puddle ?, I asked. ' Begorra sir, I'll tell you that same, said he. 11 You see I done a good sthroke of work all through the counthry last week an made a pot of money. On Saturday evenin' I got into this town artd kem across Lawless down at the public-house — worse luck 1 We fell to the drinkin' from that on, an' sorra a wan of us starred till the last copper was spurt." " Is Lawless so strong in cash as all that ?" Lawless sthrong in cash, did you say sir ? Why, that fellow Haan't a luass farden to bless himself wid I It was me own money he was drinkin'." i But is not Mrs. Malone doing something forhim?" « Och sir, shure you must have neera now she chased him an' the wife last week ; an' j-ou know that them as waits for dead men's shoes must go a long while barefutted. An' be the same token, I wouldn't like to be in ould Peggy Malone's shces this minil ; for Lawless is very hard on her. He tells me that if he cant get a share of the stockhf be fair manes, some other folks 'ill be takxn1 it from her be foul ; an' 1 know what he manes be that. Be me faith, I wouldn't put it past the same bhoy to give her an' her cart a cowp overset some one of these fine nijrhfcs". — Take care of what you are about," I in terrupted, " for what you have just said might be twisted into fibeL" : " A lie, did you say? I'd take me davy that he'd do it if he got the chance. An', tbe blaggard rascal was wantin' money tins mornin' from me to do a sthroke of bissuess, be your lave. Well, thin, to .make. a.' long story short, I was laviri him a bit of the road home this evenin', an' the thirst came < on us Tery bad,' en' I tnk a boifcUeut .of we pocket, an we sat down on the mortial spot and finished it. And there 1 suppose I fell asleep an7 he hook edit awsyyau7 you found mo ijin1 in the ditch an' liere 1 am wid SDri as much as would jingle on a tombstone.' As he spoke, he pulled, out .the lining of his pockets and displayed emptiness. Ten o'clock struck, and ' -at ' the " same moment the sergeant of the barracks entering' ordered us out for patroL . Having equipped ourselves with our accoutrements, we went out togethertliroughthe deserted streets of the village and along the Dundalk Road. Peggy Malone's house was the last we had to pass in mftlrfng cur exit, and the recent conversa tion directed my attention towards it. I .could jsee that she had not yet returned from . Dundalk market ; there was no hht in the i window, nor was her cart in its usual placei in front of- the rioor. , Idineeted 0'Dowd.'s- attention |P the fact, . He thought it vejm; strange indeed, 'as she' had -'never/ to k&» knowledge, been out so date before ; and j6>- morrow would ,be ;the market-day in villager-Be. thought -it probable oweye that we would meet her somewhere on the. road. Thenight was fine; , though rain had< fallftn during -the day, -and the full moon shone at intervals through riftsin the clouds. We advanced at a leisurely pace,", discussing i»ftnaf«Kda)iy . matters in general and the freaks of Lawless in particular. At length we found ourselves at the end of our beat without observing any trace of Peggy or her cart. A simultaneous impulse urged us to continue our walk about half beyond oar accustomed This brought us to a sequestered part of the road, where it ran through a deep glen for some distance,. ctase£,inonhoth sides, and overarched by dense frees ; a hannt' vocal with crows in the daytime, bit terrible in its iBtOlnessonopj night <caine.cn. The associations connected with the spot were none "of the -pleasantest, for a Tand-agcnt and ' iris -bailiff- -had been, murderal: there three years before. Alto gether it was a very . undesirable spot at about eleven o'clock of a daxknightin the month of December.- When we reached the entrance of "The" rieu, wc paused to listen for the wheels of Peggy's vehicle, and thought at first wct could discern the rambling of a cart on the ' hill at the other side of the valley ; but it was apparently going in the opposite direc tion, as the sound became fainter and fainter by degrees, and at length ceased altogether However, we resolved to go to the end of the glen at least, to see if all was right, and then turn homewards. We had'pro;!- ceeded a few pacea further alongside the wood, keeping eyes and ears on .the alert, when . suddenly I heard O'Dowd utter an exclamation. Just then the moon came out from behind a dark cloud. Turning round, s I observed O'Dowd, who had halted, stooping down in an attitude of horror towards some _dark object on the roadside. I ran over, and in the clear moonlight 1 could see that it was a pool of blood 1 It was evident, from the disturbed condition of the mud and stones, that a considerable struggle must have taken place there. Tbe body whose life blood had been drained away was not to be found ; but there were the tracks of a horse, of a cart, and of a human being. Those of the horse were very irregular, facing every direction, and tearing up the ground, just as if the animal had been turned round ehatply or made to back against his will. Those left by the cart-wheels pointed to the former supposition, indicating as they did that the vehicle had come up to the spot from the direction of Dundalk, wheeled right about and gone back bv th " It neen Peggy alone s cart ! c&ciauned; O'Dowd excitedly. I made him no answer, for I was now pro ceeding to examine the human foot-prints. In my eagerness I knelt down on the wet road and with the aid of a lighted match scrutinised thepi closely. I could see that they had been left by a man wearing hob nailed shoes, and also that each right foot print had a deep indentation in the centre, from which I concluded — rightly as it turned out — that, the wearer must have had a frost- nail in the centre of his right shoe. Conntry folks about used such nails to prevent them selves from slipping in frosty weather. \VhHe I was making these important and interesting observations, O'Dowd had been searching the low hedges that bordered the road on both sides for traces of the victim. In this however, he failed ; but nearly opposite to where the occurrence took place, he came upon an old clay-pipe lying on the grass beside the ditch. It bore a strong resemblance to the dJtvdeen which Lawless used to smoke, being short in tbe stem and begrimed with constant use. We failed to discover anything else in the vicinity cal culated to throw light on the mysterious business, though we continued our investi gations for a considerable time longer. The conclusions at which we arrived accorded in almost every respect. Lawless had parted from the tinker that evening, after having primed himself for the deed with liquor at the tinker's expense. He had come down to this lowly spot, thinking that it was most suitable for his villainous purpose, both from its seclusion and from the fact that our patrol never by any chance extended to within half a xrnle of it. Most probably he had been smoking his pipe at the adjacent hedge to while away the time until the. unsuspicious Peggy should make her appear - an ce. Thed'on paring her approach down the hill at the other end of the valley, he had forgotten r in his excitement to put the pipe into his pocketi When the cart came up to his place of concealment, he had started out. surprised the defenceless woman, and-theeed-wasdone, He musthave come upon bt unawares -before. -she oould leave her cart. The absent of foot-prints other than those of the assassin, pointed to that conclusion. The :: distant lumbering' of wheels which we had heard on entering the grove must have been1 none other than "the noise of the cart containing the murderer, his unfortunate victim, and the wealth that had instigated him to-the dastardly crime. ' <5hpter llL— OorroborattveEvidence. We saw- that. no time was to be lost, as everything depended on our promptness. Thus. the chanoes of -the assassin's .escape would he lessened ; besides, who knew but that some luckier member of the force might cross the scent ahead of us ana' succeed in bagging our own lawful game I We held a counsel of -war on. the" spot and concluded to return with all speed to the village, report progress at the bariacks/and obtain a search fin-ant to Overhaul Lawless' s quarters. We soon got back to the village, where, after a little delay, ifej succeeded; in obtaining tbe. warrant, and also the one available man left mv4he barracks as 'a reinforcement; the rest having been ordered away the day previous aito- wsotberpart of the country on some rioting business. With great promptness we ordered out the pnlyw>n tbevilbge jumped on it, and in quick time'reached the entrance to the lane that led up to Lawless hovel. This lane left the Dundalk Road on the right- hand "ridfe at a short' distance beyond' the scene described, and was extremely narrow and dangerous. Farther advance on the vehicle was not to be thought of ; so we counselled the driver to wait where he was, at the entrance of the lane, till wc came back ; "a thhig_ which he was exceedingly loth to do. Then we pressed forward on foot. We soon found ourselves floundering through a marshy moor, where at every step vns stumbled against some projecting stone or clump of heather or plunged into a pool of bog-water. To add to ourmisery, a dense drizzling raiu began to fall, and the darkness hardly allowed us to see objects five yards ahead. In the pursuit of fame other men have been known to wade through fire ; we were wading through hog-holes. It was a tiresome business, yet we held on gallantly till we arrived within a short distance of the place where the house should be. Here we halted and divided our forces. We knew the Lawless family residence of old ; how well it was provided against such sudden invasions. It was a mere cabin, with a cthAH door and window in front, while in the rear..another. door opened out upon a rnoor- laudbcGstricti Mkny a time had the wily Lawless given the Royal lris"h the slip ; for whilst they were haughtily demanding entrance in the name of tne law at the front door, Lawless would be making his exit .through tbe door at the back, and get dear T»ff into the mountains. Thus his arrest or the detection of stolen goods was rendered Very difficult indeed. Now however, under my directions, O'Dowd, our reinforcement, and myself arrived simultaneously at the frout door, back door, and window. I knew Lawless to.be a powerful determined fellow, not likely to surrender his liberty without an effort ; so I screwed up the courage in my heart and the bayonet on my gun. resolved to "feecure my man or die in the attempt. -All., £he dispositions having been satisfactorily made, 1 knocked, '-and demanded entrance in the usual form. At first, no response. All was as silent as the grave. During the few brief moments that ensued, I could "aliuqst hear my heart heat with nervous th robbings ; for we policemen are only men after aD. Then 1 knocked again ; and this time heaxd a slight bustling noise, inside. A low voice, that of Lawless's wife, asked who was them I told her my name and mission, and that all resistance was useless, as we should have to break the door open in case she refused to admit us. The bar was immediately-drawn hack. I gave instruc tions to the reinforcement to follow me up dosely/andtcred boldly. The old woman atjny direction struck a light, and revealed herself in — well, undress. I undid the bolt dFTlie back door and admitted the dauntless CDnwd. Then I searched the place from top to bottom, O'Dowd and the reinforcement keeping guard meanwhile at each door, to prevent an attempt at escape. But such "precautions were useless i for after half -Un hourspenfria a most painstaking investiga- tiofirt failed to discover any trace of Lawless, orwnything' which would lead us to believe that he had been in. the house recently. During my search, the wpman looked ou in sullen silence/ si At Rfe-conclusion I put -the question to her point blank: "Where is your husband to- night, Mrs. Lawless?". '' Well thin," she answered in a tone of vexation,' " I'm thmkin' it's meself ought to be tt-n'n' yon that jsame, seem7 as how you karii a' closer eye upon him than anyone I know of/- r « At anyrate, 'Mrs.' Lawless, you know thktfre' poUcdboen- must do our duty; and by ..all .accounts he's not giving yourself the 'fesibE fair play-7 - . . ®TWeU, suppose that's a matther betune ,mfe"an,'him// An' if he does go about the 3ajunthry <q,it"ipt'n' and batthenn', it's not at your expinse anyhow." j- ff Surely,", said I, pretending to be in noway anxious ; ' hut we want him down at the barracks about a little bit of business he a. hand in. But never mind blaming us, who wouldn't allow a hair of your head to be touched. And this I will say, that its the wonder of the whole country how you hear up with him, driving himself and your own respectable family to ruin." "In truth, sir, that's fchrue for you," she replied, somewhat softened. tl An' it was an onlucky day, whin I, a daycent Malone, tuk the notion of comin' in among the dhirfcy .Lawtesses, the thievin, pack ! But shore, I jras young an' innocent thin," she added after a pause. <( There's no use in telling us what we know, Mrs. Lawless, and that can't be helped now.. - It's time for us to be bidding you, good . night ma'am ; and sorry we are for having had to disturbyou. — By the way, "here's a pipe that I" think belongs to -you : we found it outside." -'No sir; it's not mine; it's Jack's; for it was him put that mark on the bowl wid his knife." " Well, in that case ma'am," said I, smiling, " I bad better keep it till I see himself to morrow. But if he ever gives you any trouble, just slip down to Mr. O'Dowd and me, and I'll engage that you won't have to complain a second time." " Thank ye kindly for that same," she replied ; " and 1 wish ye good-night an' safe home." "Talking about getting safe home, Mrs. Lawless," said O'Dowd; "yon haven't got the best avenue in the world for visitors on a dark night ; and the rain has not improved it. I was hoping that tbe weather was beginning to harden when I saw last Ihurs- dayjs frost." " Frost never lasts no time in December," replied the unsuspecting lady. "When I saw tbe people bringing their horses to the forge to get them shaipened," said I, the idea struck me that they were only throwing away their time and money." 4 Well, jist think o' that now !" she broke in with admiration. I med the identical same remark to lawless on Thursday, as he was sittin in that comer there hammerin' a frost nail into his brogue. Bat what I sayB is, Live an' learn." We failed to get anything farther of importance out of the old dame, though she seemed to be in a vety good frame of mind for affording information ; so we took our leave with expressions of good will on both sides. The rain was still falling when we quitted the hovel. Our passage back was if possible fraught with increased discomfort and diffi culty, owing to the completely saturated state of the ground. At length we emerged upon, the high-road, dripping from head to foot, hut still not disheartened. During our absence the carman had had his own share of vexation. It had rained on him continuously ever since ; and the care of his horse had prevented him from seeking a moreadequateshelterthanthataffordedbytbe neighbouring thorn hedge. At the sound of our footsteps he came out of his retreat, and glad he was to see us hack again. "Tare an' ounds, min," said he, "but I was jist thinkin Pd never clap eyes on you agin, a scourin' the whole blissid country of a night like this. Faix, an' it's meself that's - well plaised that yon haven't come into any harum ; for atune ouirsels, X would't just like to be turnin' my dacent car into a hearse.1' He was was quite reeking with, wet, much worse than any one of ourselves, and shook all over as if in an ague fit. Whilst O'Dowd and I were resolving on the next move, our companion constable went np to him in a sympathising way. "Is your coat very wet, Lany ?" said he. " Be the tariins; sir, the coat surrindhered to the rain ages ago ; but the shirt is houldin out grand. It's caulkin7 up tbe pores in my skin so diver, that divil resavc tbe dbrop of rain 'ud reach me bones till the morrow mornin'." - . Before the constable had time £6 reply, I turned round to the carman and asked : " Did you see any person or persons pass by from the Dundalk direction, while you were waiting for us V ' M Not a. livin sowl, barrin' Pat Murphy, that's sarvint-bhoy to Mr. O'Connor down at the Glen Mills there. An' savin' yer presence, I wish I was as near the kiln fire as I expect he is this minit." O'Dowd here remarked to me: "The night is young stilL 1 think the best course we can take is to drop down to the mills and. see if tbe people there know anything, or if Murphy met any one to-night on his. road home from Dundalk." I jumped at the suggestion, and reminded O'Dowd of the fact that the Glen Mills were tbe nearest human habitation to the scene of the catastrophe. The rain was now falling in torrents- ; the state of our clothes — it could not be worse. Our reinforcement, . who was a raw recruit, and who donbtless was wishing himself back again in his native dep6t, here feebly suggested the advisability of returning home. 41 For," said he, "we will be able to see things better after day break." " A policeman must be a policeman when duty calls," I replied haughtily ; "and Sub- constable Green ought to be more fully alive to the responsibilities of his position. — Drive on !" said 1 to the carman. He obeyed promptly, looking forward with pleasure to an opportunity of drying his clothes at the kiln fire. In a few minutes we had reached the mills. At the sound of the wheels, O'Connor came out of the kitchen, where his servant-man Murphy was seated at his supper. He was surprised to see us stop before his door, and accorded to us an Irish welcome to step in out of the rain. We did so nothing loth, as may be imagined, and proceeded to dry ourselves at the kitchen fire standing, for we were too wet to tit down. O'Connor and his man were the only persons in the house still up ; all the rest had gone to bed, as .we could judge from the tell-tale snoring from an adjacent room. I told O'Connor our business ; how that old Peggy Malone had been murdered down in the glen that night in a most 'shocking manner, - and that we had dropped down to his place, hoping that he might be able to throw some light on the affair, as he lived so near the spot. He was quite horrified at the news, as also was his .servant, who, from the moment he heard it, suspended his supper operations, listening with eyes and. mouth wide open to the conversation. O'Connor told me that he bad been engaged about the mill all the evening until a late hour. Returning from the kiln at ten o'clock or thereabouts, he had heard noises of a confused nature down the road, hut had not paid much attention to them, thinking that they . proceeded from some drunken party getting home from the market. He had heard tue wheels of a cart too coming down the glen road from Dundalk direction ; he was was quite certain about that ; and after a little time another cart, as he imagined, had passed, going in the opposite direction. Tbe scuffling noises took place some time between the passage of the two carts. A fter that he had gone into liis house, and heard no more. When he had concluded his story, he asked me if I had any reasons for suspecting any one in particular as the assassin. I told frim we strongly suspected Lawless, and mentioned at the same time the several particulars by which we were led to conclude that lie was the man. At the mention or Lawless's name, the countenance of Murphy, which had all along been quite a study, . assumed a frightful .aspect; and he blurted out in a gasping tone : ' Why ? why ! I met Lawless on a cart jist as I was lavin' Dundalk.. Presarve us from harum ! but I was jist goin'to spake to the vflltini" whin he turned away his head .to the wan side. Murdher alive! jist to. think 0f ft j" After this fashion he continued to express his horror of the deed and the perpetrator' of it. But tbe hearts of O'Dowd, myself, and'possibly the recruit, rejoiced at the disclosure. Here was a fresh reliable clue, not only connecting Lawless with the act, but also affording most valuable infor mation to his whereabouts. . We hastened to express our thanks to master and man for their timely assistance in the matter, bade them a warm good night, and hurried out of the house. We roused our /tarman from the kiln fire where _be was drying himself, and told him to drive straight into Dundalk. He was disagreeably surprised at the order, but promptly obeyed ; ana sopn again we were'plungmg on at a rapid pace through the darkness. On, -on we sped. The driver was careful not to draw rein up hill or down brae. He knew now that we were after Lawless, became excited in consequence, and was in momen tary fear of an attack being made upon us. I saw him anxiously scan the hedges as we scurried past them, and at intervals grasp his whip in a. determined fashion. VI hen, we were in auy particularly suspicious spot I could hear him repeat his prayers in a hurried tone ; and once he leant down from his seat to inform me that if he fell, the horse and car to go to his brother Mick, and the house and garden av coorse to the ould woman. Still onward we sped, every moment bringing us nearer tbe grand climax o our hopes. The links in the chain of evidence were fitting in beautifully, and we were in high expectations of soon laying our hands upon the perpetrator of the horrid deed. Chapter IV. — The Missikg . Likes. Tt struck one o'clock as we entered the deserted streets of Dundalk. The morning boat for Liverpool would start at eight, It was probable that Lawless would take advantage of that menus of escape. But might he not have some other tactics in view? Perhaps at that moment he was trying to dispose of his victim and of his plunder in some, fashion that would baffle detection, and destroy irrecoverably the missing links of the hstin of evidence. So, dismissing our carman with an injunction to hold himself in readiness at his usual baiting house, ve proceeded to knock up the inmates of all the third-rate lodging-houses and places of low resort where it was likely Lawless might have secreted himmflf. Into all of these we effected an entrance. In some cases we experienced undue opposition, which the dire threats of the law alone overcame. We ransacked each with care, but failed to discover any traces of our About three o'clock we found ourselves in a completely exhausted state at the last house of the series. In tbe kitchen of this house a fire was provided for us, around which we sat, drying our clothes and. wishing for the day. The recruit soon fell into a sleep and talked incoherently at intervals. O'Dowd dozed off and on ; but I did not once close my eyes. What man worth his salt could give way to slumber at such a critical juncture I When day hroke about seven o'clock, we squared ourselves anew and inarched down to the docks for the purpose of reconnoitring the passengers who were to start by the eight o'clock steamer. We went down, a little lane at the end of which we debouched on the quay, and in the grey morning light discerned the boat at some distance on the right, getting up steam for her departure. Half way was a tan -yard, with its gate lying wide open. From that gate we observed emerging none other than the object of our search — Lawless ! He did not observe us, as he was going in the opposite direction. We doubled rapidly till we came up to him. Just as I was about to lay my hand on his shoulder, he turned round sharply and confronted me. Never shall I forget his appearance. His face was of mi ashy paleness and terror-struck at the sight of us. There were on his trousers and vest the unmis takable marks of blood. On his shoes there was none, or their muddy condition obliterated it. He trembled like an infant when we grasped him, and in an agony of excitement cried ; " I did not do it ! I swear by all the saints that I am innocent of it !" His shouts could be heard over the whole quays,'and were already attracting to the spot a considerable number of the steamer folk.' So, fearing a scene, and a possible attempt at a rescue, I grasped my musket resolutely and told him to be silent ou. the instant, or I would not answer for the consequences. I then stated the chaige which was laid against frin>t giving at tne same time the usual caution not to say anything that might compromise his case. Once more I saw him open his mouth, as if to renew his expos tulations ; but the words died on his lips as 1 gave him one of my fiercest looks (I am a terrible fellow when roused), and he subsided into a state of dogged indifference to his -situation. O'Dowd produced the handcuffs ; whereupon we wheeled about and marched our prisoner in triumph up through the town. I felt that the eye of the of the nation was upon us as we escorted him along in that triumphal progress. If he had stirred an inch I would have baynoted him on the spot, I do believe. When we reached the place where our car had put up for the night, O'Dowd and myself hastened to get our prisoner under- weigh with all speed possible. We left the recruit behind, to prosecute a search for the cart and the missing body, promising that he should be relieved in a short time. He - started off with suspicious alacrity ; -and I . am still of opinion that he went in pursuit of his breakfast, contrary to orders. The car was got round, and our prisoner seated between us. Crack went the whip. Dundalk was soon far behind us, and we were speeding towards Mullaghboy. But what with the excitement and necessity of being constantly on the watch against any sudden dash of our wily prisoner, I felt every . minute an age. He still retained that silent passive expression of indifference into which my threats had terrified him, or whereby he strove to cloak his real emotion. I anxiously awaited the moment when we should- reach the glen, the scene of his so recent misdeeds. I felt that unless he had a heart of steel he could not, under the circumstances, resist some expression of his feelings. Entering the glen, he appeared somewhat' fidgety ; and as we passed the actual spot, I could observe an almost imperceptible tremor run over his face, just as if the of the morning air had penetrated through him. I scanned him closely ; and he knew it. He appeared determined to brave it out however ; for we had not yet emerged from the glen, when he requested permission to light his pipe. He was lost for a smoke, and the morning was so cold, he said. Although I was sure that this was only by way of bravado, I consented ; whereupon he directed me to pull the pipe out of his pocket, as his hands were confined. This 1 did, and found the said pipe to be almost new. This fact appeared very significant to O'Dowd and myself, as we expressed by nods over the stooping form of Lawless now enveloped iu a cloud of tobacco smoke. Ah I how little he knew that the very acts by which he calculated to evade suspicion, was striking as it were an additional nail into his coffin ! From this reflection I fell into musing on the different circumstances, trivial enough in themselves, which had led us on step by step to the grand result. The statements of the drunken tinker, let fall bv chance in our hearing — Peggy Malone out later than usual— our beat prolonged up the glen in consequence of an inference drawn from the two preceding facts — the pool of blood discovered — the marks of a struggle — the Erints of the frost nail — the tracks of a eavily laden cart — the old pipe of Lawless — the noises heard during the night by O'Connor — Lawless observed entering Dun dalk with a cart — his detection on the quay at that early hour of the morning — the blood on his clothes— bis frightened looks— his unguarded denial of a crime not yet alleged against him — in fine, every little circum stance which had occurred from the time when we were first put upon the scent up to the present moment. Such were the thoughts that coursed through, my busy brain as the vehicle brought us every moment nearer to our destination. And now with a mind more at ease, I secretly chuckled at the vista of fromotion I saw opening out before me. saw myself a dignified head-constable in the village, ordering my men about in splendid style, and in a friendly fashion patronising a certain Sergeant O'Dowd of the same barracks. I also saw a certain rich widow of the neighbourhood eagerly closing in with a matrimonial proposal, of her own . making ; a retiring pension, Ac. From these delicious reveries I was roused by the gleeful shouts of Lawless, who was pointing excitedly ahead of us at au old lady seated comfortably on the top of a well- packed cart, which was jogging along the road before ns. Could my eyes deceive me? Or was it really Peggy Malone come back from the dead ? There she was however, to all appearance alive and well, and belabour ing the old pony with all her accustomed vigour. In a few seconds more we were at hand We pulled up as a matter of course, to obtain an explanation of the mystery. Lawless at once appealed to her in an affec tionate tone: ' AiTah, Peggy dear, is it yerself I see at all at all, or on'y yer ghost, that's dhrivin " the murdhered corp back to bercil? For if it's a berril, we'll push on ahead to get the bell rung an' the praste ready." " Go along, ye blaggard? " was the Burly reproof made by Peggy to the foregoing eloquent appeal. But Lawless, mentally transferring that reproof, to her old nag, which just then exhibited an extra amount of laziness, pro ceeded to question the old lady still further : u So ye woren't kilt aftlier all, as these gintlemin let on to me ye wor." \- Give me no more o' yer lip, Lawless," she replied curtly ; " bekase I don't want to have no dailins wid ye, good or had." ( These gentlerniu," said the rascal, looking at the rueiul countenances of O'Dowd ana myself, " aren't lialf-plaised that you woren't murdhered out an out. An' hedad," he added in an under-tone to me, ' it's jist me self that wouldn't say wan word agin that same, seein' the fine bit o' money I'd be comin' in fur." I paid no attention to his remarks, which seemed extremely commonplace at the time, not to speak of their very bad taste ; hut whispering over to O'Dowd, I olwcrved : " As we have notliing farther against Lawless, it's only fair to let him go home to his "wife. We can alight from the car and send it on into the village before us. I would prefer to walk in, as I feel rather stiff ahoutthe joints. What do you say ? " O'Dowd closed at once with the proposal, adding: " I'm rather stiff myself, now I come to think of it ; and would be glad of an opportunity to stretch xny legs." I turned round to Lawless, and remarked in a grand patronising fashion : " Well, Law less, you have given us the most satisfactory proof possible that you are innocent of the business. We will let you go home now, if yon promise to do so quietly ; and indeed it is only right and proper for you to do so at once, for your wife was very uneasy about you last night. By the way, take this pipe, that I found last night on the road ; it belongs to you." But Lawless strongly objected to this way of settling the business. Said he : "Ay, ay gintlemin, I'll not stir an inch of this blissed car till we git into town ; for go before the madjisthrate I mast, to clear meself an' re move all stains from me characther. —Sore, Peggy darlint, they wor wantin' to make me out a murdherer, an' of your own swate self, be yer lave. Ay ! but 111 take an ax shun agin the whole brigade o7 thim for illaygal 1 seizure an7 defamathnn of characther, the characther that I wouldn't let a stain on for all they're worth. — Dhiive on, Lany avick said he to the carman, who wis enjoying the joke as only an Irishman can when the dignity of the Force is assailed. We saw that there was no help for it; so in a state of despairing acquiescence, we allowed the carman to drive on ahead. The carman, alas ! seemed to have lost all that admirable spirit of obedience which distinguished him throughout the campaign. He was dilatory in setting off, probably from a desire to hear more. lawless kept up a galling fire of -11 directed straight at us. " The name of Lawless," he continued, "has got a slight put on it be this thransaxshun ! FU never be able to hold up my head agin. The was never heerd tell of in this counthry before. But I'll spare no expinse ; Til sell me property out— lock, stock, and banil— to send the mane scoundrels across the say for raisin' sich a scandalous report. An7 J wouldn't mind so much about myself; but it's bringin' yer name, Peggy into the i affair that kills me out an7 out. But good moniin', aroon. They'll hardly git the ; stnphes they're hurt tin7 for this time at any rate. — Dhrive on, Larry, to the madjistrate. I want me character to be cleared." It was horrible to listen to him, and to think of eventualities. As we approached the village, Lawless continued to soliloquise audibly in a most uncomplimentary manner with regard to us ; whilst the driver, before so respectful, now ignored us entirely, and actually dared to open a conversation with the wretched murd So we reached the magistrate's house. After a short investigation, the whole mystery was successfully cleared np. It ap peared that Lawless, on Monday evening, had in his capacity as knacker purchased a broken-down old mule, the price of which he most probably had extracted from the pockets of the inebriated tinker a few hours previously. He was faiking it away to Dundalk, to a dealer in hides and manufac turer of bone-manure. The animal however, exhausted by age and starvation, was incap able of the long journey, and had sunk down in the glen, positively refuting, and being in fact unable to advance one step farther. On this the resolute Lawless took out his knife and put and end to the wretched animal's sufferings by the simple process of opening an arteiy. The mule had thus bled to death. This successfully done, he proceeded at once into Dondalk, procured a cart at the slaughter-house, and brought it up to the place where the mule's carcase Jay. Having successfully hoisted his cargo on the vehicle, he returned to the slaughter-house, and slept there that night. About daybreak, feeling very thirsty after his late debauch, he re solved to go out to town in search of a glass of something before his breakfast. On this quest he was jost emerging from the tan-yard gate when we made the arrest. At this point of his statement I proposed to him the question : " Why he had been so prompt in his declaration of innocence, before any offence was alleged against him?" He re plied that at the moment when we laid hands on him the idea in his mind was that we suspected him of having stolen Walsh's money, and he could not restrain hi feelings at the thought of that. He was poor, but he hoped that he was honest. This concluded his explanation. Tiwg before he had doDe, the real state of the case flashed across my mind like lightning across the heavens. I was morally certain that Lawless had robbed Walsh of the money with which he subsequently bought the old mule. But as in the case of the sapposed murder, the less said about it the better. So Lawless was dismissed by the old magis trate — who I am sorry to say treated the whole affair as an excellent joke — and dis missed too, as he had desired, without a stain on his character. He once more holds his head aloft among the neighbours, and still remains as great a thief as ever, I do be lieve. As for Peggy Malone's mysterious disap pearance, we ascertained subsequently that she had turned aside from her road to make a friendly call at the house of a distant relative who was unwell. Yielding to a pressing invitation, she had stopped there that night ; and when we overtook her in the morning, was calmly returning to Mullagh boy with all her stock-in-trade. Of course it's all as plain as a pikestaff to the reader now : hut O'Dowd and I dare console ourselves with, the hope that his first impressions differed not from our own as regards tli e supposed murder. If haply, such he the case, our injured vanity will be satis fied, and the object of this narrative amply realised. By a tyrannical hand, for reasons not alleged, we have been transferred from the scene of our late exertions, and are at present stationed in County Tipperary, where there is every year a very satisfactory calendar of crime, what with landlord-shooting, threaten ing letters, arson, and all that. It is evident that we can't muck longer be kept out of our promotion, unless indeed it fall to our lot to investigate such another deed of blood. 