MISCELLANEOUS. In the year 1668, the island on which now stands the City of New York was sold by the Indians to the Dutch for 10 shirts, 80 pairs of stockings, 10 muskets, 30 bullets, 30 pounds of gunpowder, 30 hatchets, 30 kettles, and 1 copper stew-pan. Both parties congratulated themselves on having made a good bargain. There was a great scene in the Queens land Assembly a few days aeo between Mr. Perkins, the Minister of Lands, and Mr. Groom. The former referred to the latter's antecedents, to which Mr. Groom replied that he had condoned the offences of his youth, and that Mr. Perkins was a coward and dared not to repeat the words outside of the House. Mr. Perkins said he would do so when and where he liked, and pro ceeded to use more mrong language againet Mr. Groom. There has been a gallant rescue of one of two drowning men, named Herse and Brown, on Lake Macquarie. The boat they were in capsized in a heavy squall, and they were two hours in the water before they were noticed. Five fishermen ventured out to them in despite of the warnings of those assembled on the shore, by whom they were watched with great anxiety. They suc ceeded in saving Herse. A New South Wales telegram states that Trickett and Rush had a trial over the Champion Course on August 23. The latter led all through. It is believed that Trickett was ' foxing,' though the time was very fast. Trickett is very anxious and care worn, and probably will be defeated. Lay cock's condition is superb. He is in capital spirits and very confident, and although Trickett is still the hot favorite, I predict that Laycock will be the winner. Green, a former champion, backs up this opinion. He says — ' If Laycock rows with judgment, he can defeat the champion. The interest is hourly increasing, and probably 60,000 persons will visit the river on the occasion* of the contest.' We observe a statement to the effect that the General Omnibus Company of Paris have tried electricity on restive and vicious horses, the wire of a battery communicating with the bit by means of the reins. And this calls to mind an American suggestion by which this system might be improved upon by making the communication with the crupper instead of the bit, by which means the motion of a dull horse might be accelerated, or a shock sent along the spine of a runaway of sufficient power to bring him to a standstill instantly. The American idea commends itself to us as being the better of tbe two. Perhaps Borne one who has a particularly strong kicking-strap handy will give it a triaL — Mark Lane Express. * It ie stated that the number of persons to the square mile in New Zealand, when the last census was taken, was 3*05 ; tbe num ber of persons to the inhabited dwellings, 5-02 ; the number of inhabited dwellings to the square mile, -737; the area of New Zealand being estimated at 104,900 square miles. As English county court judge has given a decision which involves the declaration that a Cape diamond is not a diamond. A lady who had bought from a jeweller a diamond ring commenced an action for the return of the money she bad paid for it on her making the discovery that the diamond had come from the Cape. No scientific evidence was adduced, but an expert gave bis opinion that African diamonds were in ferior to Brazilian. The judge had evidently rather peculiar ideas on the matter, because even if the evidence of the expert was in expugnable, it did not follow that a ring set with African diamonds might not be of more value than one set with Brazilian. The value of a diamond is intrinsic, and cannot be determined by averages or general ities. It the jeweller had palmed off bis Cape diamond as a Brazilian he would have been guilty of fraud, but nothing of the kind was alleged. The question is a scientific one, for if Cape diamonds are not diamonds what can they be? The decision calls to mind the famous Torbone Hill mineral case. when the question ' what is coal ?' was raised. In that case, however, there was almost a superfluity of scientific evidence, and in so far as the investigation on the diamond question differs from it, the result is unsatisfactory. The truth of the story has been called in question, so far at least as relates to the locality of the court, Croydon. Xlut the scientific interest of the question is not affected by the consideration that the case may have been a moot one instead of one actually tried. — ' CEdipus.' Many attempts to fix the native hues of objects by photography have been made hitherto, but all have failed. It is an etching, or a light and shade, rather than a painting which the sun gives. Neverthe less, the climax to which all photographers are working is a means of producing sun pictures which shall faithfully represent nature in all her varied livery of color. To wards this goal an important step has re cently been made by M. Cres, who, by com bining three separate negatives of the same object, taken with different components of the solar light, has managed to produce a resultant portrait having all the tints of the original. One negative is taken with the light reflected from the object deprived of its green rays by being filtered through a solution cf nitrate of nickel, the second is taken with tbe light deprived of its orange rays through being filtered through a mixture of chloride of cobalt, and the third is taken with the light deprived of its violet light by being filtered through a solution of bichromate of potash. The first negative is, therefore, not impressed by the green rays coming from the object, the second is nol impressed by the orange rays, and the third is unaffected by the violet rays. If, then, each of these negatives be illuminated by the Mnd of light which -5t has been de prived of, the lacking colors will be restored to each, and if the three images so obtained be blended together, by means of total re flecting prisms of glass, a resultant image of the object in its natural colors will be ob tained. The correspondent of the Times from Charleville (les Ardennes), reports that an important trial of ploughing by electricity was accomplished at Semiaize les Bains (Marne), in presence of various officials be longing to the department, viz., General Clinchant, theJPrefect, the Sous Prefect, M. Henry (chief engineer), a delegation from the Institute, M. Dureleste (Inspector General of Bridges), a deputation from the National Society of Agriculture, &c.; The trial resulted in a complete success. One of Howard's double-furrow ploughs was used, and it worked steadily and completely to the satisfaction of all present. ' A gentle man,' he states, ' whom I have known for many years, M. Gourguillon, of Vitryle Franccis, who saw the experiment, speaks of it in the most assuring terms. He says the moiion is conveyed to a drum from the electric-machine and thence by a coil of wire to the plough. There was no stonnao-e of any kind, but the plough did its work steadily, about eight inches deep. The in ventor is a M. Felix, owner of a large sugar manufactory at Sermaize- les-Bains.' Apples, in addition to being a delicious fruit, make a pleasant medicine. A raw mellow apple is digested in an hour and a half, while boiled cabbage requires fire hours. The most healthy dessert that can be put on the table is a baked apple. If eaten frequently at breakfast with coarse bread and butter, without meat or flesh of any kind, it has an admirable effect on the general system, often removing constipation, correcting acidities, and cooling off febrile conditions more effectively than the most approved medicine. The Queensland Legislative Assembly have passed a vote of £100,000 for im migration purposes. A curious discussion between M. Renan and M. Me'zie'res concerning the personal ap pearance of St. Paul has followed the public reception of M. Renan into the French Academy. M. Renan has described St. Paul as a bald man, of short stature, aquiline nose, meeting eyebrows, pale face, small head, piercing eyes, thick beard, prominent shoulders, and bow legs. Challenged to ex plain whence he derives all these remarkable details of St. Paul's personal appearance, he has cited the 'Acts of Thekla' as his authority for the aquiline nose, the baldness, the meeting eyebrows, the small stature, and the bow legs — and the ecclesiastical history of Kicephrus for the small head, the piercing eyes, the pale face, the thick beard, and the prominent shoulders. As M. Renan would certainly not accept either of these very unhistorical authorities as bis warrant for any statement intrinsically improbable, ?we wonder why he so eagerly appeals to them for matters not intrinsically impro bable. An apocryphal writer who will freely invent portents, will be quite as ready to invent their circumstantial framework. Would anyone in his senses go to Defoe's ' Apparition of Mrs. Veale' with the view of discovering not what Mrs. Veale's ghost was like — being rationalistic enough to re ject the ghost as a fib of Defoe — but what Mrs. Veale herself was like, where she had lived, and what where her circumstances ? The ways of imaginative rationalists ate certainly wonderful, and their affirmations often stranger than the denials. — The Specta tor. The clemency which urged the Czar to protect the Bulgarian Christian against the iron rule of the Turk has been further developed in relation to his own subjects. Wholesale executions are likely to become the fashion in RuBeia, but hitherto capital punishment has been carried out in a very bungling manner. To obviate any undue inconvenience to criminals doomed to suffer death, the Emperor has authorised the establishment in St. Petersburg of a school for hangmen. The pupils for the schools are to be selected from the ranks of ' in telligent and deserving men' in the army, and for the present the number is npt to ex ceed a dozen.— 'Atticue.j Dr. B. W, Richardson, of London, says that delirium tremena is always produced by fusel oil, and never by pure ethylic alcohol ; also, that all persons who have been long addicted to the use of wine or spirits, even in slight excess, suffer habitually from dyspepsia. Next after organic disease of the stomach cirrhosis of the liver is the most common consequence of hard drinking. A distinct form of consumption, nonhere ditary, is also a frequentresult. Dr. Richard son thinks there would be no more Bright's disease if the use of alcohol was abolished. A calculation has been made that a pair 'of sparrows destroy nearly 4,000 caterpillars per week, besides other insects, when rear ing their young. The quantity of tweeds and broadcloth manufactured by the Victorian Woollen Mill Company of Geelong during the past half-year amounted to 129,925 yards, and the sales effected amounted to £22,937 3s lOd. A locomotive operated by compressed air is in use in the Pensher colliery, near Dur ham, England. It weighs 14 cwt., cost between £250 and £300, and draws from two to three tons of coal along a level road at a speed of from six to eight miles an hour. It works on roads risiug one in 15, which is about as steep a grade as it should be tried ou. A man named Henry Kuring was tied to a tree and robbed of £50 on the road be tween Maryborough and Carisbrook early one morning last week. He arrived' at Maryborough from Ballarat by train, and started to walk to Carisbrook. He met two men, who pounced upon him, and threw him to the ground, gagged him with his own handkerchief, tied his hands behind him, and took him to a tree, where they rifled his pockets, which contained eight £5-notes and one £10-note. They then went away, leaving him tied to the tree, ?where he was discovered by a miner named Whitely between 6 and 7 o'clock. The robbers had veils over their faces, and did not speak a single word while effecting the robbery. When released Kuring went home to Carisbrook, and did not give notice to tbe police until nearly 12 o'clock, which gave the robbers a start of 10 hours from the time the offence was committed. Kuring was not personally injured. He is not able to give any description of the men. A few weeks ago he was assaulted and knocked down by a blow on the head with a heavy stick. The police (says an £rgn& telegram) have been very active since they recelvetr1 iutelligence of the robbery, but at present no clue to the men has been found. The Register correspondent writing from Umberumberka on August 22 says : — ' The weather is getting warmer, and there has been no rain since I wrote last. Shearing operations are in full swing, which accounts no doubt for the decrease in the number of travellers. Messrs. W. L. and R. T. Reid's 1,100 fat ewes from their Tolarno Station, River Darling, Mr. Battersby in charge, passed here on the 9th; Messrs. Sullivan's 300 head of cattle from the Warrego, Mr. C. Chalker in charge, passed on the 13th; and Mr. Bonney's 270 head of cattle from his Momba Station passed on the 20th, Mr. James McIntyre in charge.' it is currently stated in Rome that grave differences have arisen between the Marquis of Bute and Monsignor Capel j and it *is not improbable that the noble Marquis will leave the Romaa Catholic Church. The step, it is said, is Mt likely te surprise the dignitaries of the' PajjaTChurch, as serious doubts have been lately expressed concern ing the orthodoxy of Lord Bute, A publican named Bogan, who has already applied 13 times for a license in Sydney, applied again and refused. Dr. M'Gibbon again opposed it. There were no fewer than 32 magistrates on the Bench. The challenge made by Mr. W. M'Indoe, the champion swimmer of Victoria, to swim against Mr. F. Moore, the champion swimmer in South Australia, has been ac cepted, and the contest has been fixed for the first week in November. The com petitors are to swim over three distances, and the stakes have been fixed at £25 a side. The match will take place at Ade laide. 