THE UNPROTECTED FEMALE. The attention of the Unprotected Female having been called to the pictorial representation in Sydney Punch of her doings at the Garden Palace, her anger is aroused at what she considers a wanton abuse of the privileges of journalism and a libellous attack on herself. With the impulsiveness of woman she determined to act at once, on her own responsibility, and see the editor, and demand an apology ; and with this intention she proceeded to Castlereagh Street and entered Punch office. The attendant sprites, who were busy despatching the morning's issue to delight every household in the land, looked curiously at her, then at one another, and then burst out laughing. " You young imps," she said angrily, " where's your master ?" " Never mind the boss," said one of them, " we can do all you want. Come, now, how many copies ?" " My eye," said the other, looking at her intently, " our artist has got you splendid. You must be the Unprotected Female." " She ain't always unprotected ; I saw her myself the other day walking with old Father Christmas." " You're a pair of impudent boys," said she, poking at them with her parachute ; " tell me at once where's your master ?" " My master ?" said the younger one. " Yes, sir, your master," said she. " Well, then, he's my master," at the same time pointing to the elder ; " he was here a long time before me." " Where's your master, then," said she, addressing the elder one. " Well, ma'am, the editor's out." " When will he be in ?" " You won't see him here this week at any rate ; he's with Lord Loftus this afternoon, on board the Rhin to-morrow, and the printer's devil knows where the next day. Why, ma'am there's no one more sought after than our Editor — even you seem anxious to see him ; but there's Mr. Korff in — the publisher — perhaps he will do as well." "Mr. Coffin!" she exclaimed ; "I know there was a Mrs. Ghost once in this colony, but I never before heard of a man of the name of Coffin." Both boys laughed uproariously, and the Unprotected Female caught the infection and could not restrain herself. " It is such a funny name," said she. The elder boy was the first to recover his gravity, and his centre of gravity, too, for he was nearly falling off the chair, and said, in an apologetic manner, " His name isn't Coffin, it's Korff-k-o-r-f-f !" " Oh, is it ?" said she, "that's the young man that got married the other day ; well, I should like to see him, if it's only to ask him his opinion upon matrimony." The Unprotected was at once shewn into the editor's sanctum, where the publisher was seated. " Good morning," said he, with one of those sweet smiles with which he habitually greets subscribers or advertisers when he thinks they come to pay their accounts ; " what can I do for you ma'am ?" "Not ma'am yet; Miss, if you please," said the Unprotected reprovingly. " Then Miss, if you like it better," said the publisher gruffly, when he saw no signs of forthcoming money. " You men are such deceivers," said she, " now, you artful fellow, you've persuaded a young lady to alter her position from Miss to Ma'am." "What the Devil's that to you?" retorted the publisher, angry at this impertinent allusion to his private affairs by a perfect stranger. " If you mean business, say so ; but you're not coming here to chaff me ; I get enough of that from the contributors, so you had better clear out at once." " I shall do so immediately, young man ; and you may tell your editor from me that he shall hear from my solicitor" said she, leaving the office. As there seemed to the Unprotected Female very little chance of seeing the editor, much less of getting any satisfaction for her wrongs, without invoking the aid of the law, she went to Temple Court to consult Mr. Frederick Gannon as to her prospect of succeeding in an action for libel against Sydney Punch. The lawyer, as was his wont, heard his prospective client with great patience, and, after having asked her a few questions, gave her his advice. " I think," said he, oracularly, " that your chance of success against Sydney Punch is infinitesimally small. I certainly can act as your attorney, but you would have to act as your own Counsel. I have no status in the Supreme Court, and the damages you wish to sue for would force me to bring the action there." " Could you not retain Counsel, " said she anxiously; "if it's the money you're in doubt about, I can let you have £20 on account." " Oh, no," said he, laughing ; " from clients of your apparently high respectability I never ask for fees in advance. The fact is, the whole of the Bar, from the senior Q.C. to the last wigged barrister, consider themselves retained, honoris causd, and as amici litterarum , on behalf of Punch. The fact is," he added confidentially, " most of them write for it. But really, as far as I can see, there is no malice in Punch's account of your mishaps ; and it is evidently written in the interests of the public good — a warning to the large class of unmarried spinsters not to wander about without proper male escort." " That reminds me," said she, " there is another and very delicate matter that I wish to ask your advice about." " I am at your service," said he. ' ' Can any of your clerks hear us in this room ?!' " Madam," said that lawyer proudly and independently, " my clerks have no ears, and my breast is a tomb in which you can bury the outpourings of your soul." " Oh !" said she, and she told him of her first interview with the Ancient Bachelor, how he had won her heart by his conspicuous gal lantry, and her hand by his entreaties. When the lawyer heard the name of the Ancient Bachelor he smiled, saying, " You are another added to the long list of victims offered up at the altar of the antique Cupid. You have but followed the customs and been won ; but, however much I may pity you, and how ever strong are your grounds of action — and I must confess they are strong — still I would not advise you to commence an action for damages for breach of promise — for he hasn't a shot in his locker — for you know you can't draw blood from a stone ; and, indeed, I don't see how a lady of your charms ('that'll fetch her' thought Fred to himself) can need a solatium for having escaped an alliance with the venerable and blanched, but superannuated cavalier of ancient days." The Unprotected Female thanked the diplomatic attorney for his advice, and left him. She then made her way to the Exhibition grounds, and went straight to the Cattle Show to find the gentleman who had saved her from the infuriated bull. There was a sale of cattle going on, and the Unprotected carefully examined the bulls as they were paraded, hoping to recognise the animal which had attacked her on her previous visit. A fine bull was led forward, and there was great excitement as Mr. Want cried " A hundred — two hundred — three hundred — three-fifty for a Theodore," when the Un protected, fancying she perceives her enemy, nods vigorously, saying, " That's him, I'm sure." Mr. Want, catching sight of the gesture, cries immediately, " Three-sixty — a plucky bid," and after a short delay, knocks the bull down metaphorically to the Unprotected Female. "What name ?" said he, addressing her. " What's that to you, Mr. Impudence ?" she said. " That was your bid — you nodded twice. I appeal to you, gentle men," said Mr. Want. "Yes, yes," replied those appealed to, in chorus. " I did no such thing," said she, angrily ; " what do I want with a bull ?" and she walked away, and being very tired, seated herself in the railway carriage exhibited by the Adelaide Government between the Machinery Hall, near Cotton's Refreshment Pavilion. Here she fell asleep, and remained so till long after the gates were closed, when she was rudely aroused from her slumbers by the watchman on duty, who was examining various places suitable for the concealment of stowaways and persons criminally inclined, and discovered her. On her explaining the circumstances, and there being, in the watch man's eyes, nothing felonious about her appearance, he kindly con ducted her to the gate, and allowed her to leave the grounds. 