GENERAL EPITOME. BLOCK on THE RAILWAY.-Traffic ou tlio Southern ,und iWostern Kail way was blocked for bome,hours; yesterday near Moggill, in couso ; queaco of damage done to tho line by the heavy Tuint?. ; . X . .. . CONFISCATION*.--Too rite of confirmation was administered by tHe ttishop of tho Diocese to twenty-two young people ou Sunday at St. -Mary's Church,kangaroo Point. ; . Tub Toowooxsi IUgbs.-Tho Tooicoomba CAro»icf< say?-.thai.HwExtteUency the Governor bus announced his intention of being preseutat ^the Toowooraba laco. meeting,, which takes ,plrfcb on th^ lotK and I6th ihdunt. .1 TuK' Coxiko- .*v8siox AND THE Govrrxmbnt. ~\V«j understand that Ministers at Tuesday's Cabinet.CounciV were principally occupied over tho Government'rbusitio'is to: bo brought Tor 'W.»rd.during:the forthcoming: session of Parlia ment. Jt jincetinir of the supporter# of the .Government .will, we learn, be held on Monday. / Thb i that 102 of tho workmen employed at tho rail way work.sliops at Ipswich, and thirty-one of those in5 the' Kockhaiupton Government work 'shops/ have'received "notice that tlnir service wtlf be dispensed with at the end of a fort night. ; KscAr>:D fuom.WOOOAKOO.-Oa Tuesday an .iu mate of Wuogaioo, named Jumts -Yule, matlo his escapo, and has not yet been found. . lie is au.KugU ou years of ;lo°« ^ ft. 0 in.-high, of medium build, with grey eyes, and light brown hair, He was drc»-:cd in clothes beariug the asylum brand. ..... ' On Tuesday afternoon tin? poliiv ie«(-iveiLi»tellip,nce th:it »>n .Saturday a }if.t**» child rif.mcti JCare iinissoh,- ayed fourteen month*,- v.T.t5.*u oigenially drowned in a watH holo neac the residence ot Air. Georpre Mawkin>, .which h .tdmutfd on the Upper Logan lioad Mr.,lames lavage, J. P., who went to the place where the accident occurred, held a magisterial inquiry touching the cause of death. ^ VICB-ADHIUALTY COUUT.-A pro formd sit ting of this Court took place on Tuesday, bat 1.0 business was offered, and the Court ad journed till the 1st of Julj. WOOGAUOO.-The report of the Woogaroo Asylum, for the week ended May 4, shows that . no change took.place in the number or status . of the ininiitcs during the period; TUB VOLVNTKERS.-The members of A, >B, ; 0, and D Companies of Volunteers went through an instruction drill; by Captain M'Culliim, oh Saturday, at South Brisbane. DETECTIVE TraaaNS.-Mr. Francis Timmins has resigned the position 'he has . held: in the ?? Detective Police force during the past seven * years. .' BISTHDAT BALL.-'The Volunteer Battalion^, Band intend, to give a ball on. May, 26, at'' the Town. Hall, in honour , of the Queen's' Birthday. '/"* TUB ENOQGBUA RBBF8.--It was rumoured ia town oa Wednesday tbat payable'gold'had just been found in the neighbourhood;of Knoggora.'4 We have made enquiries and cannot, trace Ifie.'.i rumour to any foundation. i>:'\ BIRTHDAY LBTKE.-It is announced in. the -; Government Qaztlte of Saturday last that; His : Excellency the Governor will hold a levee in;.', honour of her Mujcsty'B Birthday on the 24th instaut, at 10 a.m. . . Trie TOOWOOMDA RAILWAY REFBRSHXRNT Room.-The tender of Mr. R. Silsou to'rent 11 the Refreshment Rooms at the Toowoomba'* Kailway Station, for £2G0 per annum, was ac- ' cepted by the Government on-Tuesday.*.. ; : THE Q. T. C. AUTUICJT RACE MEBTINO.--*t The stewards, of the Queensland Turf dub' have decided that, in conscquence of the wet " state'of tho racecourse, no more'gallops of>: howes in training for the Autumn race meeting*' ahall.take place there at present! v .».** , SINGAPORE MAIL SEUVICK.-At the Cabinet Council held on Tuesday it was resolved to tele- - graph at once to the Agent-General, in lion- / don, instructing him to advertise for alterna tive ponders for .a; monthly or fortnightly,mail service between Briebano and Singapore. \ , Dus-wicu.-The report of the Benevolent Asylum for ths week ending April 26 Bhows that on that day there were 166 males and 21 females in the institution. Thero were two admissions, three discbarges, and. one death duriag.the week. . CLAHKK'S ANNUAL.-A copy of this useful work has been received. It embraces 130 - quarto page*, and is admirably printed on ex cellent paper. Tho information furnished is calculated to prove of considerable advantage' to farmers, atatiou-holdere, and cultivators generally. > v T^UDERS.-Tenders were opened on Friday."! w«»;k at tho Works Department for the bnild ing of boatmeu's. cottages for the Custom liouse'at Vort Douglas: Messrs. Daniels and Bar, four months, £300; Thomas Watson, five months, £390 ; and A. Dooroy and Son, four ' months, £400.' 'ATTEMPTED SUICIDE OF XS EX-POLICBMAOIS TiiATE.-A telegram was received on Friday week from Taiubo stating that Mr. T. J. Sad. lier, formerly Police Magistrate at that town,, attempted to commit suicide. on Friday, the .25th April, while on his way to answer a charge ' of embezzliug moneys belonging'to the Govern*, ment Savings Bank at Tambo, to which place* ho was remanded from Brisbane on April 9. " Fou D.-The body of the man named John ? Smith> otherwise known as Jemmy the ftnnK ; who threw himself into the river from the-pant:'; Eik early on Wednesday week was found en . Friday week floating in the stream near-the Victoria Bridge. The police took charge of the body and removed it to the morgue An in- * quiry touching the cause of death will be held in due course. NEW INSOLVENTS. - The following persons have been declared insolvent since our last:- . Joseph Gillespie, storekeeper, Nanango, and . . George Powers Remfrey, farmer, Ashgrove, upon their own petitions. The 19th instant was fixed for the first meeting of the creditors in each estate.-Win. Hampton, of Cattle Creek, selector, on the application of Mr. Mac* . phutsan. The first |moeiing was fixed for the 14th instant.-Robert Jenningn, a confinee in Her Majesty's gaol, on his own petition. The; iirst meeting of creditors was appointed for tte loth of May. CARLTON'S GHOST.-This entertainment was . given on Tuesday night at the old -cho-jl of Arta in the presence of a moderately good audience. - it consisted of a series of scenes in which Pepper's -host effects are used to the be--. wilderment of the audience. Owing to the .. short time for preparation the changes worb * not always satisfactorily effected, but this is a .' defect which will doubtUss be remedied.- When in full workiug order the entertaininentshoald be a very attractive one . ; SAVINGS HANKS.-The deposits in the South Brisbane Weekly Penny Savings Bank on 6atuiday amounted to £4 0s. 4d.-A penny bunk wu» opeued on' Saturday evening in con nection wiih the Rising Star Band of Hope, Fortitude Valley,- under the management of; Mr. G. Toyne; Mr. Wm. Brown beiug the.: treasurer. Tho number o? depositors''was verV .. encouraging It is intended to open tho bank on every alternate Saturday night, ht Brown's . etore, Ann-street, Fortitude Valley. BHU-MANK MAI»E HATS.-It is not generally known that f«r some time past Sir. F. Beatiie hatter, c: Queen-street, has been manufactur- ' ing a considerable proportion of tho fine collec tion of hats he exposes in his shop window. A genUenmn from this ufRce recently inspected Mr. Heiittie'c stock, and al?o the work-rooms. Tbo hats are of thy various fatdiiooablr. shapes, ana are vi gc;d material, and well finished!' The pnVes are, if anything,;lower than the . ordinary ss-Hiiig raits for similar goods of:: English manufacture. Mr. Beanie is enabled' ro ki.'ep two uie:i and a wuman in coustant em ployment, and no doubt the industrvwiU surely and steadily increase, ns it is "not estab lished upou any of those adventitious : 1 conditions which our friends tbo protectionists are 60 anxious to have brought into force. Mr. Beattie has nothing in his favour savo that M natural piotcction" which every country en joys. The freight on hats is considerably more than the freight on the material* required to be Imported for their manufacture, and in the difference lies Mr. Beattie's profit. . Wo hope tho : protectionists will be in the ran of his patrons.-: THE Wip; tv SOUTH AruicA.-With their usual promptitude, Messrs. Watson, Ferguson, and Co., have obtained from. England a very good. map. of South Africa, by Philips. This work is very, well executed, and shows the ; various places and their relations very clearly. Zululand is not very conspicuous, but this troublesome country is in reality a very small onci and very little is known about it. The map embodies all; the latest information, and we can commend it. Exus AT THE EIGHT Mn/B Pr-uxs.-Mr. Henry Harrop, of the Eight Mile Plains, caught a splendid specimen of tho emu on Mon day forenoon. While riding through the bush at the back of his paddock, near Native Dog Gully, he saw two tine bird?, and immediately gave chase. The dog he had with him, one of Mr. Hill's breed of greyhounds, and a very fast animal, soon caught one of the birds, but was knocked down several times before he could fairly keep his hold. Mr. Hatrop coming up, soon despatched the emu and succeeded in taking him home. The bird weighed 123 lbs., and measured 6 feet 2 inches. Txb LATE Mit. Eovijtain.-The numerous friends of Mr. Stephen Fouutaiu will regret to ,hear that he died at his residence, Break fist Creek, on Thursday week. The deceased gentleman came to Queensland under the auspices of Messrs. Pato, Brassy, and Belts in the earlvdayofourrailwayconstruction,and, as a sub- contractor, built a large proportion of tho line over the Main Range. He lately finished the fourth section of the Western Railway. A few months ago his health began to fail, yet he continued to t«ke an active part in his busi ness although it was plain to his friends that he required rest. Tho funeral took place on Friday morning week at half-past teu o'clock. . A corbbspoxdent writes:-"Allow me to suggest, through tho medium of your journal, to the authorities who rule the _ Volunteer Force, the advisability of arranging for the loan of a few police great coats on such occasions as require our lo al military force to turn out in bad weather. The various shades and patterns "risible on the firing party on Thursday did not lend to the solemnity of the occasion. In Eng land, I believe, the militia great-coats are re quisitioned under similar circumstances; here, of course, we could only fall back on the police, who, X ftm sure, would gladiy so assist when required, and so enable uniformity to be Beetled.*' . Cooupakoo STATE SCHOOL.-The first of a series of musical and elocutionary entertain ments to be given in connection with the .above school took place on Tuesday evening in tho school building, which is Biiuated on the old Cleveland road, about three miles from town. There was a large attendance, and Mr. N. Lade presided. An attractive programme was very creditably carried out, and the audience, judging from their hearty reception of the per formers, were well satisfied with the evening* j> amusement. The singing of the school chil dren, who had been trained by Mr. Arthy, was a pleasing feature in the entertainment. The promoters, whose object is to raise a fund for additions to the school buildings, may congra tulate themselves on the Buccessof their fir&t; effort, i Melboihikb Juyestle I.NnrSTTtiAL EXIIIRI IIOK.-His Ercellericy the governor has courteT ouwlrhanded us'a copy of the schedule of the prizes to lie a warded at the Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition. The exhibition is to be he*d in'Melbourne about October 23.- : The total value of the prizes is £1,185. The exhibits will' be divided into 34 dies*.*. It is notified - that exhibits intended f«>r this exhibition will bt* carried free on the Victorian, New South *Wu]e#,and New Zealand Kiiilways, and by steamers from Sydney. Adelaide, New Zealand, Tasinanian," Western Austml an, and Gippsland ports, and from the western ports of Victoria. Exhibits will be received up to October 8, and applications for space must bo made before, August 30. THE Jmpkhial Goyeexmext axd THE AXIS TP^.rtvMatta-The Colonial >*e-.retary re ceived a telegram on Monday from the Agent General .in London, which confirms a Mel bourne telegram which appeared in our. last issue, and: which. w;is to the effect that the Imperial Government had decided under the new postal. arrangement with the Australian Governments, which com?s into force on February 1, 1S8Q, to accept two pence per letter for Australian letters instead of four pence as oriuinally intended. The charge ; under the exiting agreement is a penny per letter. Mr. Macali&'^r's telegram states that the Imperial Government will, in consideration of the increased postages retained, undertake a fortnightly service to and from Singapore. Thb SvnxRT . l?xntBJTioy. - The Queens land : CommiUee of the Sydney Inter, national Exhibition met on Tuesday, at tho National Association Oiambeis, when there were present-Mr. Greeley Lukin (in the chair), Messrs. J. Fenwick, W. Hill, G. L. Lqkin, P. Gordon, and K. T. Staiger. A number of letters were read relative to the fining, agricultural, and other interests of the coiony. Mr. A. Mackay, M. L. A., re«d a psjiar on the work done by the fcub-committce, of which he is a member. It was agreed to solicit the co-operation of those who possessed arms, ornaments, skulls, or skele tons of aboriginals; and it w;is decided to make an effort to secure representative ex hibits of wool from every district in the colony. It was reported to the meeting that all exhibits obtained up the present time would, by the desire of their owners, be shown at the exhibi tion^.be heldjn Bowen Park on July 29. ThU concluded tho buflineee. NEW YACHT.-A new yacht, built by Mr. S. Hamilton, of the Hamilton Hotel, was launched from his boatshed last week, and is BOW awaiting her masts and rigging. She waa baptised the " Ariel/' and is a very comfort able cm ft of about 9 tone measurement, length 29 feet, beam S.feet, and draught of water 2 feet or an inch more. She is well adapted for Bay work, and her arrangements below are a-great improvement on anything heretofore launched in Brisbane. There are four banks so arranged as to bo completely out of the way, and yet perfectly serviceable, in the main hold, if «uch a term may bo used to express tho space, which is devoted in larger boats to tho purposes of a saloon amidships. The after part of the vessel is fitted with roomy lockers, gun racks, and in short everything which Mr. Hamil ton's experience of a sporting trip to the Bay could suggest. She will be schooner rigged, aud it is anticipated that her trial trip in bluo water will tike place in about a fortnight. FIKE AT SANDOATS.-About midnight on Saturday, a fire occurred at bandgate, on the premises occuped by Mr. A. Bloomfield, a coach driver in the employ of Cobb and Co. The glare of the fire, which broke out in tho rear of the cottage, wus observed by Mr. Glen Cameron, of the Mines Office, and he immediately pro ceeded to the place, and roused Mrs. Bloom iield, who, with her iufant child, was sleeping soundly. Mr. Cameron gave the alarm to several of the neighbours, who were soon on the spot and rendered what assistance they could. In the meantime the fire, fanned by a strong westerly wind, was spreading rapidly. Mrs. Bloomfield, who had & very narrow escape from being burnt, was rescued, and a quantity of furniture removed before the flames reached the front part of the building. The house was soon completely destroyed, and it WQS with grent difficulty that further losses were pre vented, as sparks from the fire were blown about in all directions. Mr. Bloomficld's loss is a heavy one. 