A STEP ON THE STAIR. i. A step on tho stair — I know it well — A rustle by Bilkon garments mado, A sound like that of a human hand ' Nervously clutohing tho balustrade. Those I havo heard for many a yoar In the silent nausea of evorv nicrht : I have wntohed, but never would aught appeai Confirming tho ghostly sound with sight, At tho midnight hour 'tis always there — Tho trailing silk — tho stop on the stair. ii. 'Tis a quaint old mansion where I stay, Tho bedroom ancient whero I sloep, With curiouB carven furniture. And curtnins dusk o'er windows deep. The oaken floor- is dry with years, And creaks to overy footstep there ; But tho room is silent when I hear Tho trailing silk — tho step on the stair. Sometimes it pauses beside my door, Then paces again tho hollow floor. m. ' What bodes tho visitor hero ?' I Baid, And trimmed my lamp and watohed again, Cautiously opened the paneled door And searched the quivering dark in vain. Outsido the landing space was wide, The polished floors woro always baro. I heard the garments brushing aside And going down — the Btep on the stair ; Aye, going down till it seemed to fall Aid rest on the lowest stop of all. IV. I spoko, and the hand on the rail slid down, And a sound as a ring on carven wood ; In the hail below a sigh so deep Came audibly awful where I stood. I entered the room with trembling haste And barred the door with a oumbrous chair, And then again — the trailing of silk — Ascending, I heard the step on tho stair — Ascending and slowly pacing by, With the rustling silk and deep- drawn sigh. v. Women are brave in the parlour light, And men will joke at the tales of ghosts ; But he who sleeps in that silent room Never again of his valour boasts. The timid domestics_ whisper fears And shun tho stairs when tho dark comos on. This was the dread for tho many yearsj While I have slopt in tho room alone : No night can pass but the listener there May hear the measured step on the stair. VI. With throbs at my heart that broke all rest, That sleepless night I sat in my ohair ; I heard the sigh of the wind outside And tho sigh more awful on the stair ; All that old memories stored away I searched in vain ; the problem sought Lay buried deep in the af ter-life That awakens fear and vexes thought ; While ever the step and sigh the same I heard till the gray of the morning came. vn. Outside, by the stairs, in a mouldered frame, Is a picture of one in silk and litce — A stately dame of the olden time, With curled grey hair and a haughty face. I said to the servitor : 'Who is this f And he, with a harrowing look, roplied : ' You have heard it, then — the step on the stair? It is years, ayo, fifty, since she died ! And ever sinco then — sho was mistress here — The guests of that room her footstops hear. vm.* ' This, my lady, was proud and high, And her son as proud and high as she ; But he was fierce and given to feud — Bad blood ran thick in the family. One night tho father and son, in wino, Brawled at a kinsman's and fought with swordB, And late, in the midnight, covered with blood, Their dead, dead bodies came homo on hoards — Laid down there, at tho foot of the stair — Oh ! the blood was running everywhere 1 IX. 'My lady heard — yes, that was her room — ' 0, she was white ! but her stop was staid — You would never have known Bhe cared at all But by her clutch at the balustrade. And then her ring, as it smote the oak, Wounded her hand till it bled like theirs ; But she saw naught but tho two, nor spoke ; Sudden sat down on the' dabbled stairs, She cried nor spake, but rigid as stone, Only stared down at father and son. x. ' The women oried — but she sat still, And never a sign of word or tear ; Her face was blanched as any snow, But her eyes were awful— so blaok and clear ! Her maid in her frenzy took her hand, But shrieked as it fell from her grasp like lead. ' There sat my lady — still high and grand, But meroy, 0 save us ! she was dead ! Now, every night since she sat down there Her step is heard on the oaken stair.' XI. I pondered— there is no grace in this — 'Tis a somewhat dreadful tale of blood ; But ho whit wiser, in thatl seek . That whioh has never been understood. Resolve and courage should furnish me This ohamber till I had conquered fear And measured the moral power of ghosts. This is why I'm domiciled here ; And the love I have for the antique grace That stays with spirits in suoh a place. xrr. I like tho ohamber quiet and. dim Beoause of its quaint upholstery, With its upright bedstead, carved and tall, Its purple curtains and canopy) Its high- backed chairs of twisted oak, , Its mighty fire-placo graved in stone, Fire-dogs grinning asleep on the hearth And the blinking griffins wrought thereon, And cabinets old, where sculptured Fates Are holding tho titles to-Tast estates. xm. I liko its groining and tapestry Arid its mullioned windows, whero I see The first red rays of the sun illume Th6 walls, with their sculptured blazonry ; Where tho curtains flamo with flowors of gold And tho grotesque figures laugh and climb With many a medireval trick In curious Gothic pantomimo, And broken lights on tho statuos fall In shaded niohes set in the wall. xrv. Ah ! all these things have a charm for mo And hold me yet a tenant at will. Though tho brooding darkness wakes with sighs . And the stop on the stair comos nightly still, I fear no ill of the viewless soul That, troubled, visits the patient gloom ; And only a prayer of pity greots Tho reatloss ghost of this haunted room. I should something lose did it come not there, This sighing Bhado— tho step on the stair ! ? w ? REronTiNd Machine. — Among apparatus whioh may be oalled literary aids — writing, calculating, and other niuohines — seen at the Paris Exhibition, was one whioh attracted much attention, and which has not yet boon introduced into this country. It is known as ' La Machine StGnographiquo Miehela,' the name of its inventor. Tho claims made respecting it are very broad. In the first place, it is declared that after a fortnight's' praotice, any porson of ordinary ability can take down in shorthand ohar 'aoters' any speech, however rapidly delivered. It ia a small ?instrument, piano-like in form, with twenty- two ' lteya,1 white and blaok, and the ?stenographic oharaoters ate small and impressed on slips of paper.' Sipor ? Michola claims to have classi fied ''all? tho sounds which ?' the. 'human organs of speedi arDj;ctipal)l|»6f;.pjeodii5ihg. 