Echoes from Home. By Major Veritas. It is long since in the old country there was other than a green Christmas, Satirical writers had got quite into the habit of railing against the fraud of muggy wet weather whilst the bazaars and the Christmas annuals always made believe with abundance of frost and According to recent telegrams, the old fashioned Christmas-tide snow and frost which seemed to have deserted the United Kingdom had come back again. The fact that such a thing as a downfall of snow was considered worth telegraphing to the antipodes, coupled with the further announcement that the storm was general throughout the country, would lead us to imagine that the old woman was picking her geese to some purpose. For a long time the exhibition of skates in the shop windows had been a mockery, and the familiar pictures of Father Christmas with icicles beard, and snow-covered wrappers, a delusion. It may be our of friends at home are now having a taste of the real hard weather that some of us can remember in our childhood. It is just forty-one years ago that the frost set in which froze the ThnmeB so that people could cross on the ice from shore to shore below bridge. The coldest night and day experienced in England and Scotland for the past sixty years was on the Christmas Eve and Christmas Day of 1866\. It was a fearful winter, as I can well recollect, and, from the traditional point of view, a glorious Christmas. On the grass the temperature showed 458 of frost, and in Staffordshire one thermometer registered 152 below zero. My original paragraph announcing the failure of a well-known publishing firm, was, after all, correct, and the second paragraph, throwing doubt upon that particular echo therefore unnecessary. Three different correspondents, each connected with the profession of literature, write me by the last Torres Straits mail that impression in the publishing world increases rather than diminishes, and that unless such a change as can scarcely be expected intervenes there will be more crashes. Books that had been ordered of well- known authors whose name is marketable are withheld from publication, and second-rate and unknown writers have not the ghost of a chance. The literary journals by the same post confirm these gloomy tidings. One looks in vain for the pages of advertisements of new books and new editions common to the season and every publisher's circular tells in indirect ways, of retrenchment and caution. The public may possibly gain by the non-publication of the hundred or so of books that in ordinary times would have been circulated, but the fraternity of Bohemia, I fear, will suffer. At all times somewhat of a hand- to-mouth race, a prolonged period of depression amongst book printers and booksellers will put them terribly out at elbows. All hope is now fixed upon the chance of a revival during the spring and summer of 1879, but the cloud hanging at present over the old country's trade and commerce, though perhaps it is but temporary, as terribly gloomy. Everything appears to be paralysed, and there is no immediate prospect of a change for the better. The Literary Review mentions the house of Nimmo as an addition to those which have been prostrated by the hard times. There is not much possible or necessary to add to the article published in these columns respect iugMr.Pope Hennessy, therutnorcdiiow Governor of New South Wales, but I may, perhaps, be allowed a few personal reminiscences. As you may imagine, this must be a very far away echo It goes back to the year 1861, a year full of stirring deeds, one of those years which, with their startling events, cling tenaciously to the memory. In that year the Confederate rebellion broke out, the Emperor of the French announced that he had abandoned the miserable King of Naples to his fate, the Trent affair happened, and the Prince Consort died. Lord John Russell was Foreign Secretary, Palmerston was First Lord of the Treasury, and Gladstone at the Exchequer, and they had enough to do in the House of Commons in supporting their Italian policy. It was during the discussions on Piedmontese affairs that the member for King's County, Mr. Hennessy, became a notable if not eminent man. He and Sir George Bowyer were the leading members of what Punch, the only comic paper in those days, was wont to term the Pope's brass band. Mr. Hennessy, it must be admitted, was very well known in the House at this period, but it was chiefly as an ir- repressible, as an adventurer, as a glib- Bpokon fellow, as the possessor of unbounded impudence, as a man who could not and would not be put down. It used to be said out of doors and in the papers that his principles were those which would best and soonest advance his interests, but this estimate was not a fair one. For example, the same conscientious adherence to the Roman Catholic religion which used to urge him on in his gadfly attacks upon Lord Palmerston and the Government foreign policy led him when he went to Hongkong to assume the Governorship, in succession to Sir Arthur Kennedy, to pay his allegiance to the representative of the Pope first and to the representative of the Queen next. I have never been able to see why he should be blamed for this. Any blame that accrued should fall upon the people who appointed him. He was but loyal to his faith, and acting in the spirit of the Earl of Denbigh, who, speaking for all English Catholics at a great meeting in London, created a sensation by declaring that he was a Catholic first and an Englishman next. I cannot remember that the young member for King's County did any good for his Italian friends by the course adopted at the exciting period to which I refer, but I do remember that the Liberal Government had their way, and that the King of Naples was consigned to the oblivion he well merited. I remember, too, the jack-in-the-box manner in which Pope Hennessy day after day interrogated and lectured the Government, and the cool self-assurance with which, folding his arms and speaking with unbroken fluency, he would denounce the efforts of those who were seeking to bring about, as they termed it, the consolidation of Italy and her restoration to national life. The affairs of Poland, a session or two later than this, found the member for King's County again in the same manner to the fore. For many years Pope Hennessy was a hardwork- ing understrapper of the Conservative party, but at length he took up the role of candid friend. It was commonly understood that Disraeli never liked him, and eventually made him Governor of Labuan for the sole purpose of getting him out of the way. I can scarcely even now believe that he is to be Governor of a colony like New South Wales, when there are so many abler and more experienced men who are his seniors. Still that is no business of mine, and if the New South Welshmen are satisfied I promise to raise no objection. Turning over a file of old papers the other day, I was struck with some remarks made at a public meeting nearly twenty years ago by John Bright on the subject of strikes. I think they are worth reproducing for Brisbane readers just at the present crisis in one of our local industries. " It has never yet been proved, he said, "that Trades Unions or that strikes are always bad. I dare say that in nine cases out of ten it may be, for aught I know, in ninety nine cases out of a hundred-a strike had been better avoided. But the strike is the reserved power and if I were a working man I should never Bay I would surrender my right, in combination with others, to take such steps as are legal and moral for the advancement of my interests and the interests of those who worked with me." These, it should not be forgotten, were the opinions of a carpet manufacturer who employed a large number of hands, and who neither then nor subsequently was a warm friend of Trades Unions. Some of the home papers I notice are report- ing the unprecedented hauls of sardines on the French coast, and suggesting that the dainty little fish must have changed their quarters. This is altogether a mistake. True, the chief supply once came from the coast of Sardinia ; hence the name. But to my knowledge for years the best fisheries have been off the Brittany coast, and the picturesque Bretagne fishing folk so favored by wandering artists are of the sardine catching community. This is a subject which should be interesting to us in the colonies, where in town or in the bush we have every reason for appreciating those toothsome products of the Brittany fishermen, An explorer told me the other day that in the Never-never country, far from home or friend, the sight of an empty sardine tin under a tree almost brought tears to his eyes tears of sentiment as well as appetite. The fish, let me add, for the benefit of the unlearned, are attracted around the boats by ground best perhaps seven or eight miles from land, are then taken in gill nets, are carefully cleaned and salted, dipped in the best olive oil (boiling), cured, and then packed in tin boxes, which, when soldered, are kept in boiling water for an hour or more. Two or three of these Bretagne fisher families have built up handsome fortunes out of sardines. Where will the rage for clubs end ! The latest proposition is the establishment of a club for boys. It is to be called the Working Boys'' Club, and the subscription is to be 2d. per week, There is no entrance-fee. By-and-bye the shoe- blacks at the street corners will decline to black your boots yer 'oner," on the ground that they have an engagement at their club, The difficulty now will be to find a rank, class, profession, or trade that has not its "club" and journalistic organ as well. "The Working Boys' Club " is in Soho. The mixed clubs for ladies and gentlemen, as was generally predicted, have been productive of plenty of scandals, of some mischief, and of financial failure. There is being formed in connection with the Women's Provident and Protective League, whose rooms are in Little Queen street, Holborn, a Women's Political Club. Yet they tell us that in England women have no rights, and are not allowed to be self-assertive, If the lords of creation do not take care England in this particular will before long outstrip the Yankees. There is sure to be much heart-burning over the appointment of a new President of the Royal Academy. It is high time that institution turned over a new loaf, Gradually during the last decade public sympathy, and, more deplorable still, the confidence of the art world, have been weaned from it. Its government has been a clique, its rule of judgment has become corrupted, and its verdicts have lost weight everywhere. The young school of painters, stung by the notorious injustice which overlooked their merits, have learnt to deride and defy it, and the yearly exhibitions of pictures rejected by the Hanging Committee, wondered at last absolutely necessary by the impossibility of getting fair play at the Academy, have been a powerful indictment against the Burlington House set. The election of a new president will give an excellent opportunity for beginning an era of reform. The late Sir Francis Grant was a good portrait painter, and also a good courtier, but his influence upon the Academy was the reverse of good. There was, in consequence, too much truth in the accusation that the Academy Exhibitions had degenerated into more likeness shops, Meritorious works of art-of imagination-wore rejected that portraits of simpering children, the wives and daughters of the vulgar rich, and wealthy nobodies who were willing to pay £1000 for the distinction, might be hung in places of honor. These pictures, whoever the artists might be, were as much "parboiled" as the ten shilling daubs which seedy sunken artists furtively hawk at night at the London bars and refreshment counter s. Public opinion strongly condemns this blot upon the Academy Exhibition. The successor to Sir Francis Grant is supposed to be Mr. Leighton, who as, if not the greatest, one of the three greatest artists of the day, But Mr. Leighton, so it is reported, is to have another painting of notorious everlasting Mrs. Langtry in the next exhibition. Judging from the last received papers, the people are getting sick of Mrs. Langtry and the other "professional" beauties, and the papers are publishing comments upon them which must be the reverse of pleasing to their families. Waterloo Bridge the last London highway for which passengers of all kinds had to pay toll has been declared free the turnpike gates have been at length removed. Two days later one of the metropolitan dailies had a paragraph headed, "First Suicide from Free Waterloo Bridge." There is a fine wholesale flavor about this that betrays a refreshing innocence on the part of the paragraphs of the difference between the sub- lime and the ridiculous, He must have been the man who once described the collision of a river steamer with a tugboat as " Dastardly conduct of a steamtug." 