THE WOOD-CDTTER'fi WIEE. , By the Author of " TheGharooal- , Bubbke." : Chapter XM She had a. child in her arms, a -little creature, a yearbld; wfcoteioijy" face'" nestled on her Blroulder,Ohyly:Mdinat the sight of a stranger. "WhaFcanl do for yon, Ernestine?" I " Oh, if monsieur would he so good as to come and see Louihebha had a Bad accident. This morning, cutting wood in the dawn, with scarcely light enough to see hy, he ran a splinter into his hand, and now it is swelled, terribly." , I saw by her face that the accident was worse than her words seemed to make it, so, 1 bidding her sit dowml wrote a. .line to the good doctor of Saint jEglise, and sent a boy with it on my pony. - Then' I took a bottle of soothing liniment from my medicine-chest, . and started with Ernestine for her husband's cottage. It wash good half league from the village ; it lay just within the .fringe of <b_ great wood, which covered the hill beyond it, clothing the height to its summit in gold, and brown, and crimson. To the left were a few patches of cultivated ground, -but away to the right stretched the hare bleak steppes of the Ardennes, covered only with a shaggy, heath, that looked dark and murky in the. antnmnair. . The'eye roamed over the bare, brown hills, catching ho glimpse of these narrow and verdahtwales,r which, like deep, gorges, or chasms cut in the rock, lie hidden between the steppes. Thus the prospect all around the cotttige, save where the -many- tinted wood gleamed ""A glistened in the son, was bleak and sombre beyond descrip- taon. "'A cold spot, Ernestine," said L 'Ah, monsieur should see it in winter, when the snow is on the ground, and every hill is white for leagues and leagues about us. Then, bnt for the wood behind, which gives some shelter, I think we should die of cold." - Louis, the wood-butter, was a young man of thirty, handsOine as health could make him, and bearing on his sunbnrt face an ex pression. of intelligence and refinement not often sefen in the peasants of the Ardennes. One little chi d sat on his knee, another, knelt before thfe fire, blowing the embersinto a flame. On a small table stood a brown loaf and a pot of chicory water, which the Ardennais drink for coffee. Like a picture, Isaw the scanty .breakfast and the wistfnl face of the wounded man, gazing into, the fire gloomily. Then our presence' startled him, and he turned towards his wife with a cheer ful look. " I am glad thou art come back, Ernestine. : I cannot cut bread for the little ones with my left hand, and they are hungry ; monsieur is welcome." .And, putting down the child, he gave me a chair by the tire. A slice of dark bread and a cnp of chicory water, without milk orBgyj this .wast the poor repast" on -which the poor children feasted ; and I waited till the meal -was over before I unbound the man's hknd. I, perceived at once that only the most skilful surgery could save the hand from amputa tion, or even render it a useful member again. As I looked up I caught the man's sad and earnest gaze riveted on my face. - Then his eyes turned slowly on his wife and. children. . " Winter is coming on, monsieur," he ' said wearily. " Will my hand he long in getting! well?' " I hope not, Louis," I answered, "but the doctor will be here soon ; he. will be able to tell yon better than L" -Then, as Ernestine 'went into thelittle court to fetch- wood, ! leant forward and whispered to him, " Louis, I tear your hand; will be disabled a long .while. I fear you wfll be able to work no more this -winter. He glanced at me in a frightened way, arid then dropped forward wearily, with his head resting on hiB left hand. "God help me," he, said, in a despairing feme. "What. will become of my wife mid children if I cant work?" . ' ' Tour neighbours will help you, Louis," I replied, cheerfully " do not deqiair.i'; The woodcutter's face flushed painfully. " Beggary !" he -murmured ; " have I brought' her to beggary ?" . "Louis,'.' I said, earnestly, "-when they bear yon are laid up, Ernestine's parents will surely relent." He shook his head sadly. "I cannot think so, monsieur, and . of my own will, I will never let her go; to them again. No, -not eyenifwe are starving." \- Ernestine came back 'now with the wood, and as she laid it on the fire her anxious glance frill first on her husband, then on me. Seeing our grave faces, her eyes filled- with tears.' ' - " " ' '' Ml methe truth, monsieur," she .said, pleadingly. "Is the hurl serious ?" T was saved 'the pain of replying by the arrival of the doctor, whoset abont his work instantly, with all care and tenderness. -Poor Lonis hunted ere Hie work was done. - His yonng wife stood -by, -aiding him with calm courage, till she saw liim sink and fall, then her tears burst forth, and a sharp cry of agony was wrong from her lips. - Send her to your house for wine,'.' ., said the doctor to me, in English. " She is better away." Seeing it was for Lonis,. she accepted the task gladly, departing "KTfh a swift 'strip on her errand. - The doctor looked after her graceful figure in some surprise, as though, wondering 'why -one-eoyoung-and fair -should be -visited with so much sorrow, but bis patient requiring all his attention, he. asked jm> questions then. Bnt two hours later, when seated by my fire side, he took his pipe from his month, and said abruptly,: .. \r. - -1 j; wt f" " She has the air of a Iady.dhat fori— hbw is that ?" """ ' "<SL'-«i>= "The wood-cutter's wife?" said L "Well, the reason is a love-story, which Ell tell, if you like -to hear it.""' " /-, The doctor nodded and refilled ids :pipe. '. - 1 " She is very young,", he said. reflectively. " She does not look more, than' twenty: and' she is very pretty," he added,- as "he put Ha pipe between Mb lips. -,y. "Ernestine is twraty-thll'Trephed. "She has been married five years, -and she has, as you saw, three little children -and; a husband whom she loves dearly. . Tell ne what you think of him." ' "I think that, the. poor felloW-Will kaVB- lockjaw, ""I-" his symptoms greatly change betwetoTMsferdtoaromrw.9' ZTAf "It is too horrible," I answered, shudder-. " 1 will try my ntmosl',;bripaia,;jgra.yely. " When I asked yon what yon thought of Lonis," I resumed, "I meant did ySS tijSdt him a man for whom' a woman might compjit a romantic foUyjwitoimt renting?" W- " Bepentenoe always comes after foUy,". said The doctor. - ... - " At eE'rivekte," "I returned, "ifErotiriri repents, she does raft tnaa- fbayri known her for four years," arid T nave never"once -heard hercomplain, oreeenier moody." 4 Whbisdhe?" asked the doctor.1 - - "Ton will be surprised when I tell -yon: She is the daughter of Monsieur Sari&m;, the rich old notary of Treves." ,, .c:,ifcsa;-.'. ' " Why, he is worth a minion, liyres," ex-= claimed the doctor, in astonishment. had haardhis daughter had made.a estrange matehHratl HidftknOwshehadd&eiidea; so tow as this." EC "Not so low sb yon think,. IgOTOfledS' Lome's birth is quite as good as Ernestine's, bnt his father becamn bnkrurtj sard toe young msn,asso(h as hhcalrieofe, harmed over to the creditors the smaUfortuhB which he had inherited-froqihiE mptiier.? /; -r ; ; j.r " Bomantie hiimbgTSSrvedriiri dSbforl — "the -sortrof filing -that teffls -on -fbentage; or in a etory, bnt in-realife fiuls ritegeiheRf " In Louis's faaajt o«iaiiily."Aaed,".ta ' .answered,, "inasmuch as it paid .nobody in, -foHahdfa'toff fmh' phiks8:---By Ins mad act Lonis has -made himself the;:- deepest : sufferer qf afl. Hisfetharaw this, nndi crumby and Ids 6cm's'rtin>heliteWirihehaai'; fBSe ' " Miedjr ffirrfrgrvifmfl Iiiflgnnrry wereflonrmtihfcMontienrEarraam hsdbeengUdto talk iff a marrialri hetoteen bisiSimlbtrir jBtestirieriad rimyoaftlLWia Dartot. Both were only chfldrmii arflSiiTS afavonrite scheme iff .rgectiveparpnte; .was burnt down, and followed, sad Monsieur Samoa that Loins Dartot from Mpffiolise. "Lonis, now utterly pennileea, accepted a mtnatiori as !rilerk to a brewer, a rich maaq bnt jcoaree arad nnfeelingto astrange degree. The" cluef in 'the eftablishment, to whom Louis <amp for orders, apd who might be looked uoonka a maateE was the brewer's eUestjBon— a feUow-Krinahom there lnrked all the extravagant vices of a great city, mingled -with the meanness and cruelty in- herrot inhis Mood. Lonis was alow to dis cover that the man. -silently hated him ; wevedhelesS, G"» discovery was forced on hkn at last, .through countless -petty slights, sheering weirds, and, in the end, outspoken insults. But beborekh em patiently, for his father, paralytic and feeble before his time, was dependent, on his exertions for daily bread'and comforts ; so Louis worked on, in enduring silence, aad -Henri Mathiste revel- led hofiriyin. cruel aneert and cowardly fault- finding. -"All this while Lonis had caught no glimpse of. Ernestine, , except at church, and each Sunday or saint-day, he fancied she looked pal er «nd ' tbihnet_i- but ahe turned away her face when he regarded her, and clung closer to her keeri-eyedfather. Thns things 'went orrfor mr-months, and then Iotus, returaing one night over-worked and weary to his poor lodging, found his father lifeless in his chair. Sinoehisroin aiHl his wife's death, the poor old man oorild scarcdy have been said to live, and now that the feeMe spark of lite was really gone, bis poor, pinched face wiaB So little, chafed fiqm the aspect it had wom-for many weary. mimics, that Ms son ke twice to him, and waited for an answer, "not believing be wa£ dead. ""It was hard to go -to work mart "day, carrying that heavy grief .with-, him cold at bis heart, and harder still to bear Henri Mathiste's insolence, -feeling, as be- did, that at such a time gentleness waE his due, even from an enemy.,. But to-day, young Mathiste was in brutal spirits, and in. the exuberance pf hU cruel gaiety he cast off all' reticence, -flinging his sneers and insults - on Louis's grief with a sort of reckless pleasure. " 'So the old bankrupt is dead,' he saidi aloud in Louis's hearing. Weltj 'he fiis pud his debt there, at all events ; he might cheat everyone rise, bnt death he could not cheat.' , . '"Monsieur, he is a creditor from whom there is ho discharge, ' ibthfned the old clerk to wiom he spoke, bowing with a troubled air. . , _ " Loins ' wrote on in his ledger, silently, although- the indignation swelling in his heart half stifled him. " 'Here, you T Dartot !' cried the young -brewer,-'' I suppose -you'll be wanting a. holiday to-morrow, wont yon, to bnry the old ffiBQ?' " ' I bufy my " father at six to-morrow morning, '.returned Louis, without looking up. I want no holiday, thank yon.' " ' Whew I" whistled Mathiste, ' we bnry him at six in the morning, like a beggar, -do ire!1 . " ' Sir 1' cried Louis, starting up in fury. " But the old clerk pressed him down with one hand. " ' Is it worth your while to beAngry T he whiqiered. " ' No, -indeed,' returned Lonis ; such a nature as Ms-is worthy only ©f-pity und contempt.9 "Seated,. is -he; was, in .an inner office, young Mathiste could only guess at these words, instead of distinctly hearing them. His free flashed with Buy ; tins bankrupt's Bon. tiwm. desmsed . " But hh.wonld scarcely do that when he struck hislast blow. J .- '"Yon can do as you ljke about' taking a holiday, Dartot,9 he said, in a sneering Tone,' butT intend to -give all the other employes one,.mnoe to-morrow I sign; my mariiage- oontract with Mademoiselle Sarrasin.' . " < It isialse,' returned Louis, as, pale as death, he tose and eonfronted the tormentor. "' You are polite, sir,' returned Mathiste, with great coolness, ' bnt I excuse you ; your misfortunes 'earn my pardon. 1 believe yon had pretentions to. the lady yourself onoe, but of -coarse she declined the , honour of -an alliance with the. son of a swindler,'9 "As the -wnftfis'left Ms throat, Lonis sprang at him and knocked him down. Per haps he would have pommelled him heartily, but for the old clerk, who in breathless horror dragged him from- the body of the fallen bully and led him away. " 'Now, in Belgium an assault is a serious offence, pumshed by imprisonment, , not by fine only ; luckily for Louis, the law requires boo witnesses, and '.his enemy bad but one, and be an unwilling one... For that same day Pierre Festin 'and Louis "Dartot both sent their resignations to Monsieur Mathiste , the rider.- - The younger man, therefore, seeing where the old derk's sympathies lay, thought it wisest to hold Mb peaoe concern ing the blow that his rivalbad dealt Mm, . " In Pierre Festin's room, Louis clutched him by tbe arm, gasping breathlessly, «'fs this trofe vniat the coward says— does ph» marry.him ?' ; " 'It is trae,'-Lour; -we have known it tins -month past, only no one has dared to ' tell you.9 . : i . ' Women are always cruel to the unfor- : tunate ; they fly to riches, as the vulture to carrion,' said Lonis, bitterly, as be sank into a chair. ' Well, she has chosen a happy time in.wMch to strike the blow. She signs her marriage contract on the day that ! I lay my father in the earth. ' "A sob burst from him, and he covered Ms face with his hands, ' Pierre Festin looked at Mm pityingly. 'I- believe Mademoiselle Ssnasin -has been coerced into this..9 he saicL ' I know she has been made to think strange things conreroing you. trrill undertake to carry a letter to heir, if yoti will write it." ' " iEILsend her myjoongratulations on her mariiage, 'returned Louis,' saprafully; 'I'll ilrtdWrikhOW what I think of her bride- grpom.'., ,. , ' " He seired peh and paper, -and poured forth Itfome- -uf -the-gaB- -and despair and wounded lore. .rankling .in Ms heart. .The letterpinat-have been a strange mingling of reproach,' eoirow, and pastion ; it most have been wntten M'1 words that burn, since it so TwrougbtrinasivtheMnind-of the gki who loved him that, .falling uponber knees as -. she . read it, shethankedneiveii she was not yet Henri Mathiste's wife, -J CHAMEE IL / f liaie tiiat iiigbt;. u Louis DarfeA' aat alone, cowering over his Email fire, the door "of Tiis pbofgarret was opened ' softly, and there stood, framed by the diugyareh around her, a pal shrinking fignre, npon Whom Ms eyes fell woiidmnriy. jSloWdy they gathered -in the trothiaridMs lipe,' in pain arad- ssfem- jshmro|vtereAher name. come,9 said the girl, falteringly, JJut -overtome with terror at the step she badtakenahe stopped anduank to thegronnd, trembling and weeph.' 7- "'Why pre you here, mademoiselle V asired Louis Dartet, boldly. ' " -Yon would be ruineS rnthe estimation of your fiance if be became Wware bf-tinaftrtnge visit to me.9 — " 'You are cruel,9 cried Ernestine, as she hft-JT Wteikfnl faoh from her hands. : - jr, — "'Pardon me, mademoiselle, it is yon who are cruel <>n-the eve of- your marriage with another/you 'come to. the man yon have for- eak te madden Mm-withu sight' of your facel Y6n come to see Ms abject poverty, to see bis misery, Ms criel Yonder, in that dimroruer, lieslmyjmdie p knah whom you gnowrrido vrimn he was rich. As for me, manpmoiBrtle, you do right to despise nit behkuse fota whole year X have borne The taunts ehdinsnltsff that reptile -whom tbmhrriiw youfekeffor your husband. Bnt frdoe «ara Met as I lay my father in ihe grave your bridai finery, _ HJcabmsy.bumrth Jibe a fire,9 and in ite ; hcorriiiugpani j ©uissppke madly and grnelly. p WhamMs-ioirait of -worda ceased, no sound broke The tilence save the' idw nobbbf-Eroestme. - Tbeh khfewiilEm' a jbtiiucaf voice, You wrong me, lcnis. I wasbold you had forgotten me ; they said you'- lived' there i"with— vrath-tin 'a- - word, fhey tiandrted ytnfevilely; and I, seeing yon SnLjaftny dnty to my parents. To fulfil .thriuto Arrange tMs terriMe marriage with HenriMijMTO.JJfirt yhn little know how \- - Tbosj thenj is ihe tecretiff hate to me,9 eaidlcins: .'And do yon mean to many him, Mademoiselle V : ".'No, never,' answered- Ernestine. 'It was to tell you so that I have dared to come here to-night. When I read your -tetter, I thongfatthat purely you still h>ve£L'mk: tiad I felt wat neither poverty, sickness, nor death, could separate yon from my love. . But now —now that 1 hear your bitter words and Bee that I am unwelcome, I am eoriy that i- have troubled you. "" i "She rose, Minded by teare,.»nd"pwt outj her bands, gropingly ,-towards the "door. At that instant Louis sprang td her side'and seized her. . . ' . ..-cos \ " Ernestine,' he said, imploringly,.',forgivB me I Much sorro w hasinade me mad,'. . .! "Her head dropped npon' Ms shoulder as he spoke, and they wqrfc together.. - < " ' Ma tendre amic- jnurmnred Louis, . as, he held her in his arms, ' Von ' have roaked: your name for me,' and what can I do-for you' m return? Can" I ask:' yon- to share this: miseiy ? No ; I cannotbeeo selfirii, so cruel., We mnst say farewell, Erhfttine, and for, ever. You will marry some_guod 'man, and; foiget me.' . ,-i j '- No, no,' ahe cried, ' we. will-waitj will hope. Here, in the presence of your, dear father who plighted ns to each other, I swearl will never be any manb .wife but; year's. Yon wfll win success in time," and my parents will consent to our marriage.' " There was no hope id Louis's heart as he listened to her words \ to him ail was blank poverty and despair ; and herfelt no w he had been impulsive and selfish in disturbing her1 peace. Both knew tint her rash deed, if not' kept a sfeict eecret, would brii% on her rom' and disgiau?6--' .-i ' V .-"t > " Be drew hermear that silent presence - that bad Witnessed this -interview,- and -Un covered the calm, wMte face. Unabtejto bear the sight witiiaut e burrt of gfief, he! leant over the bed -iu tearlesB agony, while Ernestine's eyes overflowed, "'and, -seeking to | comfort him,,she pressed her. lips upon his cheek. . ' _ .. j " ' My only fridsd,' he said gently, ' surdy, , knowing Bach a witness "as this was here, the i crudest tongue would not dare to slander: thee." ;; - ' " As . he uttered the -mods there was a sudden noise upon the stairs ; tbe door was flniig ' oped and there .entered, white . with fury, Ernestine's father, and the elder Mon sieur Mathiste, : followed :by an excited., crowd. - . - ..' 7 ' \- " ' Infamous' girl,' cried MontieurEarrasin, as, with clenched handa, he advanced towards i her, ' I did not believe you were so lost.' j , "I told you she was here,1" exclaimed 1 Monsieur Mathiste, eagerly.," Mademoiselle, I you will consider your marriage with my son! broken off, if you please."., . _ I have- written to km to say ; so," returned. Ernestitae,' coldly. "Father,; listen to me 1" \- " listeh'itb "jrpu I I see you liere, is not' that enough ?".-TOared Monsieur" Sarrasin, ih an agony of fiuy ahddistress.. : . "Monsieur," saidLouis, quietly, as helaidt his hand npon-his fatheris.oold brow, "Hert is: the witness of'our mterriew- Your .daughter; has not been alone .with mein this chamber your dead friend %asbedh'Wilh-n«j'':i - jl but Monsifur Samiain was w , minnr,:aiid si lover of 'money; 60 heTariied awayjdraggiiig: his dnughter'wift iim-blf ThB hancL ' It wast Monsieur Mathiste who answered Louis's "Myfriend,"he smd to Monsieur Sarrasin, | " I am willing to bdieve tire-young ; Let .us endeavour to hush up the matter. ; For my part, if Mademoiselle will explain) wherefore she came hither, and' if she will: promise never to speak to this /crson agiid, J X will tign the contract tomorrow with; pleasure. I know my son has net bis heart: on it" ! "Speak Ernestine,9' cried her father.; "What madness' made you' come to' this place?" ' : "I came,9' she said, " to tell Louis that I would not marry Monsieur Henri Mathiste, and that I , had been deceived with ! false reports .regarding him, else I - would never have given my consent to such a ma risge." 1 ".MijhSieurfste c&tfoc-aaddresmigii;»? self to Henri's father, " 1 cannot give you tire premise you desire, for I have just sworn, in this sacred presence, never to forsake Lonis Dartdt while 1 have life." " The effect of her bold words is past telling. Most of the bystanders, judging according to their own measures, immediately set her down as ntteriy lost. Such a defiance of all propriety, could only mean that she had already forfeited honour and duty. "Monsieur Mathiste' bowed to her, mid departed without a word. " You have rained my daughter's pros pects," cried- Monsieur Ssnasin;. -"there is no refuge for her now but a -convent .7, If I were a younger manlshould Mow yoni- brains out.9' So saying, be dragged- away ' bis weeping daughter, 'piping no hired- to "her pnyteaandexposbulatians. . ' , " It is impossible to describe the hubbub this affiiir made. Enough, that the poor girl was shunned, and" bier - character was ' irre trievably ruined. She bowed before the storm without a murmur, as' she knew that in breaking through, the rules of etiquette to visit her lover in his dire affliction, she had tinned beyond forgiveness in the e; of the world. " Hearing these danders, Loins presented himself at her father's house, and formally demanded her band' without a dot. His proposal waB refused. " Do yon want to beg together?" asked Montieur Sarrasin. 4 ' Arid now the poor girl began to die slowly. She had fancied she had courage to bear -the -tide- of -slander and shame, this terrible isolation and hissing of tongues ; but her health and spirits sankbjefore.it, and she presented to the unpitying worid a white, woeful face, bearing The seal' of death on its youthful brow. ; ; "The sight maddened. Louis Dartot, but: it did not enable him" to coin mfiney. At length a homed line' reached him sayfogjuet thiB c— ' "Henri Mathiste has' demanded niy hand again. My fathergives me two alternatiyhs —to accept Mm or to enter a convent. .After, all that has been said it would be a shame, a dishonour in'rire/tb'marty any man but you. If you will not take - me, I choose The convent." l:- . That night Lonis Dartot and Ernestine) Sarratin created thatworet ofFrenchscandals —an elopement. ... ' , 7 " It . was a ..poor . wan. shadow thrt ' Lotus took into' Ms arms as she crqit oht guiltily from her jMMxfs'jtaqf ; and Icrpmny days she lay 'on tire nialtet bed in Ms bare lodging, hanging between -life aiM -death, prhaiiiited with The patiBnne of sorrow. . _ - \- "Then followed her parents' enforced consent-to her marriage, together wttb-the settlement <ff rtfae wretched pittance of four, hundred francs a-yearon her and her childiien. After this the young couple escaped from the scorn iff. tire world mid srttjed in tire solitude of the Ardennes. Hera Louis has cultivated a little land, rend eked-ont a living by wood cutting and other labours. He finds it re haio-,' freer life, be says, tiun toiling in an office. A nd, above all, what renders it dearer to Mm, is tire faet'that-tirereisire cheating, no chicanery in it. There is nofa liein all the woods, he says ; and; in digging up the earth, his spade never shows Mm tire meanness, the insolence, ; fire trictay that manfluiigbefore his eyes vriien'hejrtroveto earohisbreadjikeapotilentanintirecapsvided city. : -:c. l , -. \- "Thai's the love etQry,adoctor." - ; - j . \- " Obakteb. UL '/ u ; "My friend knocked out the asheSfrom his pipe, teHk# it, 'MM jfiac it hrtwean Mi Bpa j then, with the first alow pi.ffW«tT.uhiAd therefrom, he jmnarkedsajrcastScallyl—"; And a veiy pretty Jketile of fitii it is. .Is there no rccnnriBnf-thninH "They have tried-it at tho birth of each cbfld' Bald '-t, but-relwajs vaiidy.' There -wotddbehiqre for anyoine elsebtitfemiser: ,bnt you 'see, tiieilfts of his child- is the sSvmghf money to Mm, whaeTeiohciliitipn will mean pending it" , . 4 ' - '''Hell" have' to expend some an- swered the doctor, prlet Ms child die "That man wjll be bidplcss jill tire winter." i"-Wril, Ivreht to Treves,ahd)tried to soften Ihe eld miser, andtireidoctor Tried also, and' bur prayrtsbeatagsinst a-roclc- ; :' -= "tike -has deserted dhe'rehd berrholher ih ourold age," be ssid; ' ahd; hiowtifedfints- ,my mqney. ,1 tell yoU The ahan't huve it- to be seen; the wholeearihworeaTuantleof snow, white, isterui®, and durable. Aa the weeks went on - the .eye achfed with the constant whiteness,: aim. tire. . ear longed for some 8oand-teome mte of bird or cry of beast to break- the dead stillness id the winter. The cry came at lash.- Drawing' nearer and neater through the great woods, towards the borders where cottages and homesteads lay," it came — the cry' of tire : famished wolf. Sometimes in pairs, sometimes in packs of three or four, r these hungry 'prowlers came cringing round, lonely dwellings, seeking what.they.Ysoulddevour. Inthestifl, frosty, nttilight'-mghts, tire sudden sight of their dky forms passing swiftly, stealthily, over Jim' snow, ktertiedthe solitary wayfarer from his security with a strange shudder of fear. "Through all This hard and bitter weather Louis Dartot Jay iil in his bed, or satby the iwood-fire, : weak and helplesa. He had escaped the horrors-'of lockjaw, but suffering and anxipty prooghl on . fever, and, prostrate : with this, be seemed a dying "man. The anguish of bis mind and the miseries of: poverty kept the fever in Ms veins, which: (riches mid ease might have driven away. In vain neighbours helped and friends sent wine and nourishment : such aids could not make head against the strong tide of misfor tune rolling over the hapless family. It was a painful task to go totiie cottage mid witness 1 the sorrows of that bitter Winter. The sick , man in his bed, the two tiny cMldren shiver- ; ing-fever the fire, The little baby in'rits mother's aims, with pinched face and listless eyes full of pain, and,- worst of all, the hMjpudwesryhwkSoftheyoungwtfe herself, who, worn with woe'abd -watching and over iVerii, went about a vagi ghost. T. had not'tpldTher of zny vain attempt to tiStonfrhr fatherT beart. . I thought it best ty ate her Jbadpiin. " Perhaps this secrecy was uiiwise. ' T Thought so when one day 1 -found. Duuia'-sitting up m bed, with flushed face and eager ey es > reading a letter. ' ""She is gobe' !" he said, falling back on his pillow.; "They :wfll nevEl let her return to this miseiy they will keep her with them, id I shafi die herB aloDfe, Take the children to her when I am gone. ' They -will not be so hard as to shht'theirdoor against thelittle ones." .. Frpmthewildness of his eyes I thought him wandering in his mind, till he placed the letter in my hahd; and I read a few dry lines from. Monsieur Sarrasin'; coldly proposing to receive his daughter again in his home,' on the condition that She came with only her young est child, leaving her husband and the others to their fate. " " She cannot have accepted this inhuman proposal ?" I exclaimed. -The nnhtepy invalid made no answerj.but (aisaw- his rare change "to the -hue of death, res heTuriiedit on tire pillowtoMde his tears. pressing hishand, :"I wfil se<S«infe)-Ly,'"hha if yon will.let me I will take the two children tc&ny; house. I' i . U- - i'-:. " No, no," he -retained, hurriedly. " I should go mad without them ; the loneliness would be terrible.'' .. Ftelt tfiutii' %Viak%n 311 inind asTwtiked homewards; fimbstine'e departure seemed so cruel, so unlike herBelf. " She cannot mean to forsake them;" I said to myBelf , constantly. But when tire whole day and the night went by, bringingno tidings, I was forced to confoss that the iron of poverty had entered her soul, and the' thought, of ease and comfort in her father's house had been too great a temptation for her weakness, ; 1 Madame Rodiere eat up with Louis Dartot tiiat night, rend in the monung she came forth from the. cottage door to inert me. "Hie has gaved aU the night," she said. Through all the slow hours he has cried ' Ernestine i' ffll The sound rang through my heart- She is a Cruel woman to. desert her dying -husband ©nd her children like this." ".Hush!" I answered. "Do not let na jndi her; we know nothing." :f . ' ' Louis was, sleeping but be awoke suddenly, and With a smile on his.face, " Is" the snow still on the ground!" he raid: dreamed I was walking in green fields" with Ernestine, and the " sunshine was .whrtfi aboat us, -rend there was ire sorrow-, neither.' was' there tey more_pain. . Is the snow gone?" - ,""'7" : " No," I answered, ;,'itisas deep and as hard at it wasa month ago ; it looks asif it wopld hide the green grass from us forever." "Forever!" rahoed Lotus. '"No, I saw fields -and flowers in iny sleep" Then suddenly he caught my hand, reiid said, eagfsiiy - - ' " "Is she oome.hack? No? Well, I am not socruti, wheir ih'my senses, - as to wish ber back.-: Tell her.su, if you see her again when 1 bin detdl 'TdUber J-never reproached her. She Eas -alvrays ;dene. well, shall I 'not trust The' cold biours of the short bright day "went on; brinMhi no' tidings to the desotete man of the wife .who had .teftbim alone'to die. Towards night he raved again, and'the sharp cry of "EroeStinel Ernestine !" rang intoTlieoold, dapk air. . , Isat by his bed that night, and sometimes, when the fever laUOd 'suddciily; bis restless cries ceased, and looking at me with a wistful air he would murmur : " It is but delirium; I am well nursed hy your kindness, mon ami 1 do not really need ier. Do hot tell her I called for her. She is hotter, happier at home!" 1 . And in renotherraoment, -back came the old cry, ringing her name Through the night \- . At length he slept, and rising softly I laid logs upon" the' fire, and rat down by it, with wistful thoughts for company. A hurried footstep without and a sharp tap upon the door roused me, and I opened it swiftly lest-the sleeper should bedisturbed. Upon the snow Blood a stalwart peasant, with a face so white with ghastly fear that I starteivteck; -remaned- at him. : He dashed within the door as I opened it, and stood by me, trembling. : " " The wuTee are out," he raid, in a whisper. Then I understood Ms fear, andlookfogacross the snow, :T saw four or five black, forms creeping cowardly away. ' 1 closed , the door safeljv smd ted the man,by the fire. . " " Thedftaste followed me acroas the hill," he said, " walking on either side, waiting for me to trip:ur'fa!l. X had this stout stick with raft-: so; Thhy .dated not spring. The .cowards rarely Attack re man. But Jt was ; warm work walking a league with those black ; devils .omeilfaer side bf 'me. . 1 .However, here's - the letter. - :Itimight have cost me inylife to . bring it, but a promise, fo a promise, and she seemed re temblym' earnest' over it." . . . 1 ' I Beized' impatiently: the tetter which Kis slow fingfts had drawn from his vest, and. placed it'- in 'Lotus's hands. Tt was frttn Ernestine.' "". "My love,'" tire wrote, I dared not toll; you I was going; because I feared you would, not let me undertakeTp terrible a foiqney bp. foot. :Bdt I have noh vralked "a&tire; way, le bon .Dien bas sait nre many helps, I thought 1 wouMshow my little baby to my mother -and soften her hhart. I thought I would throw myself atony father's feet, rend tell him how ill you were, and that I — his only child— lived on tire -charity of strangers. Dh, fj6ms,' T hoped to.move hinn ty ay implored in vain. He would onlyropeat tire cruel offer he .made in Ms letter — as if I would ever lrave thee, dearest, till Goa-psrts -ns.'7Eo. rem" .homing: home -again, .darling, and this Uttie sura' vnfl greatly aid ns." I trust ,to - find-tireeietter an d'jiiorecheerfuL Take'heartr Louitiiii money wfllAelp ns through the wipter, rendwben spring comes thou wflt rtFork ugain. To-reeturn to thee quicker! fotiid ten' frahes'!f6rre-eeat in the diligence, wb&h; will -eet - do down ' oulya league from home -Adieu till to-morrow, iny love, wben'T'shaH fa« thee and the little linSr tibiat she was jtee ahfljaitidbl," said Lirais,:lag tiown The 'letter with a ftookit np endloplred aitiie date: Why, it wrea tius . Slight— this vmy night she was iave hadtire letteryestor- day,";I sardtohs cquhtryman..; ,. ! , ; "Yes, butmyortwri bewe gotinto a : bankoffeiowvWl than but." Tlrepojir.ifeasfeWtehLW I had to lea ve '.Mm ateBastofoiie, and walk tiie rert of tire way.1" .l -iv ; ! :- An be spoke a. 'sadden thqught chiUedmy .-4ai%s3Bi4' to lose. 1 WolvSi )are twh iaids 'tiretif ) WvynlynettjflrejrwA1 flee at tiie first inghMf our comiqg.-? J "I am_not'gomgt returned thepearant, sturdily: " I "have faced a pack bT.wolves ; once to-niit : I don't do that a'secondtime | merer 1" r; - - : - -- - . , : Nothing wonld moveibim, -so I was com pelled to tell. Louis that : I ieft MmThererea1 ni« companion. Jr. , 1 "And I am going to ineet Emestine,"! said. " She may want help-' : "It is a «fldwalkfor her."roturned Lotus, - having no other tear in Ms' heart.'- . « Have you any wine -with you?" In bis joy at his wife's return be seemed to have forgotten Ms'weafaieas andfeve.' I i uttered not a Word toalarm Mm, buthumed: away with a frightful 'foreboding at toy1 heart. - . ' ' : i ... Chapteb TV". ; It took me a.good taK-honrto reach the village, where I roused the men; ahd, armed with all kinds of weapons, we ; departed for that point on the high / road where the dili gence stopped to put down passengers. -All wss blankhere, and on the hard, frozen road it was vain to look for marks of wheels..- The hour, however, couvinoed xne the ..diligence had lor® gone , by, and set down its frail freight to fight her way through cold and darknessa over the bleak' snow-covered steppes. The men : were -hopeful -of her safety. , " She is used to tile Ardennes," they said'; "she knows therehapraof tiw'hflls, mid Will find her way by these. ; And' as to wolves, we have not seen any on our road. For ;two hours we shouted Ernestine name aloud, we went from steppefosteppe, -we descended the ragged sides of deep valleya and searched among snow ;riftB, our fears growing. on us, and hope'sfoking as We went. At length, as with our sticks and guns aiding us, we toiled up thagno wy side of a great hSh there fled by uslike'the wind a dusky form. Then another and toother passed, then three together, and a voiqr shouted— " . " Wolves i One or two guns: went off at random, but no shot took effeah-Tud the brutes vanished like shadows. . -Sjhg tup sitr3- bill stood that solitary I have spoken, and 1 know not wBKhstinct impelled toe to it, bnt I made, straight lor this with a feeling Of horror indescribable. The -men - followed, whispering omfoously. " So they areout — rend fiendish with famine: They don't fear women and children tiien.9' , Breathless, I Straggled on. At the foot of the tree the moonligut ishowed us something lying strangely, stilh Another instant, -and we were near enough -tocry " It te a woman 1" I sprang forward, and knelt by her side im the hard snow. . - . ; . j Our arrival, had driven , the brutes from their prey, but' not before cold and horror- had put an end to the life of Ernestine Dartot."' Doubtless she had come to the tree "for shelter, and here for a long whfle she had stood at .bay, the" wolves still fearing . to touch her: ' We knew this by the marks "of their feet, showing where they had walked round and. round, The tree in a: cruel circle, glaring on her with hungry eyes. We knew it by a more pitifol token stiU. Hoc, high up as she could reach was her- littfo infant wrapped jn her rehawL: and tied safely tea branch. Donbtfera Ahe had died -dsfioidmg The child's sudden cry mAa many foen there weep ; and it was with tender TanHs we unfestened it from its Wfld cradle, arid then looked upon its little wMtefeclaJ " . " She has died -of bdia'mM7feirt>r,i fold the soldier, Fifine's hnsbahd, as heraised her. softly. " Yon se when ehe took off her shawl to wrap rpund the child,- tie had np protection" safest" the bater wind. And thim the wolves, waUong round and round her, mnst have, made her heart die -witiiin W/ Look you 1 They had not touched, her." ; It was the.scde comfort he -could giyens. : . We carried her' honie— the mourofnllest procession that heart could dream of— and laid her'down out of ha imsband's righb. Then a woman, one whom his wife had loved, broke the truth gently- fe> fom But how oouldreaeh a "-troth fall jrently cm-Ms bruised spirit? He list the sente and mease ihg ofher words before the tale" wasfmished, and talking of Ms dreams "tod the fields, where he -would walk with Ernestine when the snow wss gone, be died. ; i \- ? Lithe afternoon, of the dayfollowing that sad night There came across the steppes at a rapfd jpace a light ealeche, drawn by. a strong Jiorse; rough shod. J .stood aside to let -it pass, bnt the driver pulled np andaricedthe way to the cottage of Louis Dartot. . " Yon canhtedly drive ttutiier'Iahswaed. , :t Then a hard, face thrustitaelf from beneath the hood and accosted me: "I will walk thereif you wiH shpw me the way, sir." \- Kiipwihg who be was, I bowed To Mm, and led him towards the -cottage silently. 1 ' They. arc; all WeU, I.suppose" he. sard," ttnCasily. ' My daughter lot me yesterday with— wflh her child, and— well in fact, hep mother has peisuaded me that she looks ill,; and wants better 'things thanthat sad scamp, her husband, can give ber. Yeaterdav I offered to take ber -and -tbe children, which was very-liberal oh toy part.' "Tbad sit' first proposed taking only herself. She refused these ' offers -of reconciliation.- She would never leave herhhsband, She said. It seems the man is ill." 1— 1 was Btill rileht . " ' " He is.no worse, I trust,"" continued Monsieur Sarrasin,: more and more uneasy at my looks.-' " The truth is. I am come to-day — to ad amp desiring ft so earnestly — to take them o ii back to Treves, Will my daughter's husband be able to bear the journey, sir?" . " He will never go but one journey more, Montieur, 'aha that ia to Ma grave. Hem dead." .-V , The miser held 'Mmself /erect under tMs blow, but l saW his eyelids quiver.: ' I'oor Ernestine," he Baid, softly. " She loved him, she will feel toe separation deeply, hutshewill recoverit, tir-Shewill recover. Her mother -and I:Will be tender to her." < " There is no separation between those two, Monsieur Sarraain,'' said I, " They were ' lovely in -their lives and-fo Their -deaths they areriot'divided;'!' ' 'Whah do you mean?" gjpM- tire wretched man, clutching me by toe arm. What are you. saying?" .. . His iace waa ghastly white, /and Ms bps trembling.- . - ...: " I ra saying . your.daughter is with her huBbandl bofoe and Tiehtft" The grief of the. oMmtemble.Iwillnot MUX L- , ; . ' " Shi was' brave' always," be raid, as be looked uponthe tanraanitemni who bad deferred andeaved hertinld. 7 . WTieji he'wuqt' away with "toe,children, I raw he brid TheJittio onp , close -against bis' breast. /-- "- / / Poqr old manl ' As. ih yearajto coiqebe "tohrishtefhrt.grarulspn fondly, wfllbe over look upon his Jace witimut eeting toe fair, sadfeosiff ThedaogMerhe fdrgavetoo' lite?" 