THE THEATRES, c. THEATRE ROYAL. RICHARD III." Shakspeare's tragedy of "Richard III." was revived at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, for the purpose of enabling Mr. J. F. Cathcart to appear as the Duke of Gloster. It will be remembered that Mr. Cathcart, who is brother to Mrs. Darrell, visited these colonies in company with Charles Kean some 15 years ago, as a leading supporter of that tragedian in nearly all the parts that he ployed. Mr. Cathcart was then a young man. He had a voice with a quiver in it, and his style of acting was not altogether free from Btagcyneas, but he gave promise of becoming a very capable performer. Since the time referred to Mr. Cathcart IWB had a wide experience in his profession. His voice has lost its unsteadiness, though it has not gained much in power, and his performance of Saturday night, while it will not rank with some Richards we have seen here, reached a very respectable level of excellence. He was very heartily received by the audience, and he was called before the curtain at the end of each act. Mr. Cathcart presents the Richard of the old traditional School rather than the man of history. He wears a hump of a very pronounced kind and has one leg distorted in shape, while the walls, and the whole make up are calculated to keep constantly before the Spectator the worse half of the Duke's character, the strong lineaments of his wicked ambition being made more prominent than his intellectual supremacy, or his capacity for profound dissimulation. The opening Soliloquy, " Now is the winter of our discontent, was given with very good elocutionary effect. The wooing scene with Lady Anne, where Richard, beginning with an encroaching humility gradually beats down the barriers of a double murder in the presence of one bleeding witness of his crime, was skilfully worked out, and the guilty usurpers terrible awakening from his ghost haunted Slumbers was impressively depicted. The final duel with Richmond was a long-sustained and well-fought contest, which enabled the curtain to be brought down 1 amid thunders of applause. Mr. Stuart O'Brien represented the unhappy I King Henry VI, with the ability which has been noted on former occasions. Mr. W. G. Carey, who played Richmond, would have done better had he imparted a little more fire and impetuosity to the character Mr. Appleton's BuckingnUui was '-on . oven and graceful performances.: Elizabeth, Lady Anne, and the Duche8B-.df York were represented . respectively by Miss Anstead, Miss Lester, and Mrs. Bry.et,\ The young princes were. enacted by Miss. Melrose and Little Edith. . | ' PRINCESS'S THEATRE. HENRY V. There was again a great house at the Princess's Theatre on Saturday evening, when Henry Away repeated with unabated success. Mr. Rignold's fine impersonation of the valiant and impetuous monarch was witnessed with constant admiration. Mr. Thorne's capital acting as Fluellen is one of the features of the performance, and as Ancient Pistol Mr. Bartlett has achieved a success. Of Mdlle. Legrande's representa- tion of the Princess we have already spoken very highly for its grace and naturalness). The accessories in the production of this play are of course one of the main elements in its success, and in this respect the present representation leaves nothing to be desired. . ACADEMY OF MUSIC. "GARRICK." The three-act comedy produced at this house on Saturday evening with unqualified success is of French origin, and was first adapted to the English stage for Mr. Sothern, in 1864, so as to enable him to show that he was qualified to play other characters than those of the Dundreary type. We believe it WB Provide, the great French comedian, the friend and contemporary of Garrick, who used to call him " the child of nature," in whom the interest of the original comedy centres. And indeed the leading incident would more fitly apply to him, inasmuch as he was matchless in pourtraying every phase of intoxication on the stage. He it was who pointed out to Garrick, when the actor was in Paris, and gave an imitation of a drunken man, that his legs were sober, and it is one of the well-preserved traditions of the Comedie Française, that, on one occasion, when he was standing at the wings with his pipe in his month, and a look of fatuous inebriation on Ilia mobile countenance, ready to go on, in his famous part of RiBsole, his entrance was Opposed by one of the servants of the theatre, whcexclalmed :-" Camarade, ne passezpasI loud me Perez metre aux actress " But neither in the life of Private nor in that of Garrick did any such romantic event occur- 88 has been turned to such good account in the comedy under notice; for the former married Mdlle. Drouin, who also became one of the ornaments of the French stage ; while Horace Walpole has told us how the greatest of English actors married Violetta, a German dancer, a protegee of the Countess of Burlington and how at a great party to which she had been invited the Richmonds had brought Garrick, " who stood ogling and sighing the whole time, while my lady kept a most fierce look-out." Mr. Garrick, we may add, lived down to our own times, and once, when Edmund Kean complained to her of an adverse notice of his acting in a newspaper, naively remarked, "Why don't you write your own criticisms, as Davy used to do? " in the comedy of "Garrick," Ada, "sole daughter of the house and heart of a wealthy nabob named Simon Ingot, has fallen in love with the actor from merely seeing him perform, while Garrick himself is represented as having been fascinated by the young lady without knowing either her name or her circumstances ; but her father has designed her for Squire Chivy, who is rich and the heir to a peerage. Ingot asks Garrick to call upon him, and offers him a large income if he will quit the stage and leave England, so that Ada's passion for him may abate in his absence. The actor refuses to forsake his pro cession, and at the same time vindicates its reputation and its dignity, assuring the purse proud eat that he (Garrick) will never wed unless the honour of his alliance is asked for by his future father-in-law. But he under takes to cure Miss Ingot of her affection for him if her father will ask him to dinner and place him by his daughter's side. To this Simon Ingot somewhat reluctantly consents, and the dinner is fixed for the same evening. Squire Chivy is invited, but declines. Five city people of the class that Ben Jonson and Messenger used to hold up to ridicule form the other guests, and Garrick, on arriving in the evening, in astounded to find in the nabob'B daughter the fair incognita, of whom he himself is enamoured. But his word, once pledged, his sacred, and pretending to get drunk, his conduct is so outrageous that the young lady first of all affectionately expostulated with him, and then indignantly orders him out of the house. Then enters upon the scene Squire Chivy, who is really drunk, and who had heard of the incident which has just occurred at the club to which he and Garrick belongs and, without knowing where it has happened, Murta out the whole story to Ingot tin his daughter's hearing. All her old love for"Gar rick revives, but in the meantime she has promised her father to marry Chivy next morning. When that arrives she is a fugitive, and flies to the actor's house as that of the only friend she has in the world. Chivy follows her up, and she hides behind a screen daring an interview between himself and Garrick, during which the former inadvertently acknowledges some of his own vulgar amours, and leaves some letters he has received from his mistresses on the table. When he departs Ada appears from her hiding-place, and the actor, who has. just returned, by the way, from fighting a duel o hfacconnt, persuades her to return to his father and to yield but implicit final on dience. During the conversation Inge arriveD in quest of the fugitive, avails himself of the convenient Bergen to listen to the co toque, discovers the low intrigues of Chic; and is so charmed and touched by Garrick manly and honourable conduct in the matter that the comedy ends by his begging the actor to honour him by accepting the hand < Ada In the title rule Mr G S Titheradge OJ hibited qualities which entitle him to take high rank in his profession, and prove him to be a most valuable acquisition to the Australian stage He seems to belong to the best school of Trench acting, and shows the beneficial influence which the Parisian stage in these days of close and rapid intercourse between the French and English capitals, i exercising upon the London one His voice accent, manner, and maintain, and those of the educated gentleman He knows the value of repose, and his earnestness is under the government of an intelligent restraint His sangfroid is not inferior to that of the late Charles Mathews, and he make all his points without the slightest exaggeration of emphasis The drunken scene in "Garrick' is a very trying one In the first place, his intoxication, like Macbeth s horror and amazement at the king's murder, is simulated This has to b shown to the audience, but concealed from the persons on the stage, and, in the second place, there are brief inter-relations of sobriety when the actor s affection for the woman h IB endeavouring to disgust, and his angular. of mind at the horror he is inspiring, moment tardy break through his pretended frenzy and send a spasm of pain over his face, am communicate on accent of tenderness or of pathos to his voice Mr Titheradge passes through this ordeal admirably, and the delight of the audience was so great and so energetically expressed that the business of the scene was suspended until a demand for his recall had been complied with We may; add that, in the snatches of Othello which Garrick introduces when he is insulting the guests, the actor gave us glimpses of tragic power which cause us to look forward with some degree of interest to his portraiture of the noble Moor on Thursday next, when Mr Titheradge will take his benefit. Miss Alma Santon, who plays Ada Ingot, combines : bright intelligence with vivacity of tempera- ment She is calculated to excel, we should I imagine, in parts demanding archness and pleasantness of manner, and where the dialogue is easy, flowing, and conversational She has the gift of espiegle rie, and her capabilities are seen to the best advantage in the part of Constable Howard, in the afterpiece The general case I of "Garrick's very satisfactory Mr J L Hall plays the character of Squire Chivy, who is a cross between Bob Acres and Squire i Western, with great gusto and the Simon Ingot of Mr Deering is a well conceived and , carefully thought-out picture of the Sn Balaam of the period, upon whom 11 Stocks and subscriptions pour on every side, 1 kill all the demon makes his full descent. In one abundant shower of cent per cent. Sinks deep will in him and possesses whole Ihm dubs director, and secures his soul The minor parts were also sustained with congenial spirit by Mrs Ryan, Miss Wiseman, and by Messrs. John Dunn, V H Pollock, and Hans Phillips, so that, in the argot of the theatre, the comedy " went on velvet from the beginning to the end, and ought to be come very popular One word of expostulation in conclusion AA by will actors persist in retaining the moustache u cases where it is such a palpable anachronism, as in those of Garrick and Squire Chivy ' It is historically inaccurate, and its retention diminishes the expressiveness of one of the most mobile features of the face THE TOWN HALL MISS REES S BENH IT CONCERT That a great public interest was concerned in this event was shown by the condition of the auditorium in the Town-hall on Saturday night The place was densely crowded in all parts, and when the National Anthem was played and the people stood up the sight was really imposing His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lord Hervey Phipps, Lord and Lady Henry Phipps, and Captain Le Patourel, arrived at 8 o'clock and was received in the manner just mentioned The party remained till the end of the concert, when the anthem was again played, and in each instance was greeted with warm applause The concert commenced with the performance by Mr Moyle of the great aria " 0 to Palermo, from Verdi a opera " I Vespri Siciliani ' Mr Moyle was unfortunate in being in a hoarse condition of voice on Saturday night, and did not succeed in achieving the effect of which we know him to be capable The audience, notwithstanding found his style to be good, and applauded him accordingly Mrs Cutter. who succeeded him on the programme, and sang Milton Bilhngs'a song " At the Ferry, was more fortunate, although she, too, when she began, appeared to be somewhat husky, as the evening wore on, however, this experienced and magnificent singer recovered the clearness of her singing tones, and was all herself again AA'hen No 3 on the programme had to be performed, Mr Moyle came on, and in very well chosen terms explained that Mr Beaumont could not be present that night, as he was compelled, through the illness of Signor Paladini, to take his own place at the Opera house Mr Gaynor had kindly consented at short notice to take the place of Mr Beaumont Mr Gaynor sang "Come into the Garden, Maud, and in doing so found such favour with the audience that he was heartily encored In reply to this demand, he sang the song which first made the great reputation of Sims Reeves in England, namely, "In this Old Chair, from the opera "The Maid of Honour, by Balfe, and again gained great credit with the audience for doing so Mr Beaumont's name had been put down for " The Blue Alsatian Mountains, a song which he has made very popular of Iatebyhi3 admirable manner of singing it, but the disappoint- ment, although it was great was borne in good part by the audience, for there was much to come of high quality and possessing special interest ¡ At No 4 on the programme, Miss Alice Rees made her appearance, and was received with long-continued rounds of applause The couple of years or so which have elapsed since she first stood-as almost a child-on the same platform have made but slight difference in her appearance, but the change that has taken place is for the better Her performance on Saturday night showed that her intelligence and acquirements as a vocalist are great indeed, and far superior ate anything that might be expected from her age She sang as her first selection the cavatina "Bel Reggio," from Rossini's "Semiramide," and from the moment she had accomplished the first eight bars she was admitted to claim a rank with the best of Bingera who had over appeared here With a soprano voice serenely pure in quality, and of a range the limit of which has not yet been reached, but equal even now to E natural in altisBimo, with a self reliance and repose of manner which belonged to conscious power, or, in other words, unthinking of the possibility of failure and with such simple grace as was natural to her age, young Miss Rees gave out the brilliant and tuneful strains of Rossini in a manner which first charmed the audience into perfect stillness and then left them to the noisiest and most enthusiasticexpressions of approval This cavatina, "Bel Raggio, was particularly well chosen for the debut of a clever girl such as Bliss Rees It possesses all the charm of original and graceful tune, and the florid passages are brilliant in the extreme, while, at the same time, the tones are sequential, and seem to come upon taneously from a singer well trained in vocal scale practice The conclusion of this interesting and brilliant performance was the signal for whole showers of wreaths, bon queen, and compliments of the like kind to be sung to the young singer. During this uproar of congratulation she was twice recalled, and at last had to sing over again in her selection of the encore piece she essayed a still higher flight, and, with the same well grounded reliance upon her powers, gave such a performance of Meyerbeer a great aria, "Ombra leggings,' from " Dinorah, ' as has not been heard in Melbourne since De Murska sang a contracted version of the same song on the Barrie platform some three years since In this selection the purity of her intonation, her exact command of uncommon musical intervals and accidental tones, and her capacity for correct singing without any clue of instrumental accompaniment to guide the car were shown in a way which made the most experienced applaud with greatest vehemence In this section there was a special charm in the echo effect produced by the contrast between the Porte and piano tones of the voice when exercised upon the same notes After that, Miss Rees took part with Mrs Cutter, Mr Gaynor, and Mr B T Moroney in the grand quartette " Belli Figlia del amore from " Rigoletto The Bingera seemed to be a little bit afraid at first of this very much broken up but highly artistic and effective composition, but they warmed to it during the progress of the work, and brought about an effective finish amidst great applause In the second part Miss Rees sang an English song composed in operatic form, namely, " The power of Love, from Balfe's Satanella In this performance Miss Rees discovered another admirable quality as a singer the language she used could be understood by everyone, and the clearness of her pronunciation and her just emphasis in musical declamation were acknowledged by he audience with the most sincere and hearty of plaudits The song itself was a most highly finished and charming musical performance In response to the inevitable encore, Miss Rees sang the pretty little Scotch air " Within a Mile of Edinboro Town with proper grace and spirit and very clear delivery of words Her final performance in a hard night s work was with Mrs Cutter in the grand duet for soprano and contralto "Giomod orrote from " Semiramide Both voices were true types of their respective divisions The effect was beautiful and was hailed with acclamation by the audience Miss Rees has not yet reached the maturity of her powers nor the perfect smoothness in execution which marks the practised singer, and by such we mean only the greatest of vocalists, but she has such native gifts and is already mistress of such acquired powers as allow her to take high rank at once, and should secure for her fame and fortune in the future This entertainment was rich in the quality in which we all take a just pride Miss Lucinda Blackham, who is also a pupil with Madame Chambers as well as MiSs Rees, sang for her friend a benefit, and won the heart of the audience as well hythe noble quality of her voice as by her gentle manners and good appearance She sang " Come per me serene, from 'LaSonnambula and was encored with acclamation In reply to this she sang Macfarren a " Lime trees by the river, and pleased in this selection if possible more than in the other These two young ladies have within comparatively short time done infinite credit to the skill and care of their excellent teacher the remainder of the vocal contributions were given by Mr B T Moroney, who sang Schubert a "Wau derer, and by the Melbourne Liedertafel who sang AbtB "Agathe, harmonised in four parts, and Mackenzie a comical setting of Barham a comical words commencing ' A Irauljns dogged leaped over a style Both pieces were well rendered and much applauded The Melbourne Liedertafel were conducted by Mr Julius Siede Mr Moroney made his first essay of Schubert's ' Wanderer on this occasion, and will surely make it a favourite with the audience upon repetition At present we I. think there is only he who in Melbourne can do the subject justice The instrumental music was of a high order Madame Carlotta Tasca made at this concert her first public appearance since the severe illness which 1 few months since in capacitated her from the exercise of her charming art On her first appearance on Saturday night she received from the whole house the warm welcome due to a favourite She gave three pieces at this sitting, namely, the well known ' Duetto from Mendelssohn a "Lieder Johne worse and II more per petrol, from the Sonata in C by Weber, of which it is the final movement The first named was rendered with most sympathetic and artistic grace, but Weber s brilliant rondo was a performance entirely unique Vic accept the tempo from Madame Tosca as being preserved and handed down through unquestionable sources In this respect the 1 performance was wonderful-it was quicker than thought, and yet so accurate as to be without a flaw, while in the midst of all this ceaseless rapidity the orchestral touches which distinguish Members writing for the pianoforte received full attention and were made properly prominent This piece was encored boisterously, and many bouquets were presented to Madame Tasca The encore piece which she played (the third at the sitting) was a most brilliant Tarantella by Stephen Heller In the second part of the programme she played a most elegant and fanciful arrangement of Scotch airs fantasia entitled " Blair Athol, by De Sivrai, including " Auld Robin Gray, " Bonnie Dundee My love is like a red red rose, and an exasperating suggestion of Tullochgorum, which drove hundreds of pairs of feet into involuntary and rhythmic motion As an encore to this Madame Tasca repeated her wonderful performance (for the left bandon! j) of Thalberg a " Home, sweet home and was heartily cheered at the end of it Signor Ortori played on the violin with exquisite finish Marzoratia "Reverie Espagnole, and was encored Mr David Lee did duty as conductor throughout this arduous undertaking with his accustomed skill and unflagging energy The following ladies and gentlemen gave their talents to this concert gratuitously, namely, Madame Carlotta Tasca j K S A. R. A. M. , Miss Lucinda Blackham, Mr Go j ear (by permission of Mr W S Lyster) Mr Moyle, Mr B T Moroney, the Mel , bourne Liedertafel and their conductor and finally, Mr David Lee ST GEORGES HALL "IF The Stewart family made their appearance on Saturday night in a new entertainment written expressly for them by Mr Garnet Walch, entitled "If, or an Old Gem Reset The house was crowded to the doors an evidence of the popularity which the previous entertainment had deservedly gained for these meritorious artistes The new piece is, like "Rainbow Revels, a slight sketch adapted for the insertion of various amusing characters impersonated by Mr and the Misses Stewart The scene is laid in a London boarding house, in which there are several inmates, much more entertaining than are usually to be found in such an establishment Singing and dancing are the order of the day, and despite the unpleasant peculiarities of Mrs Terrell, the lodginghouse keeper, the boarders have a merry time of it. At length they decide on having a theatrical performance, and by universal acclamation it is resolved to "resist the old gem the story of Cinderella. The cook (Miss Docy Stewart) is transformed into Queen Exploaetta, the coachman (Mr Stewart) into the henpecked King Bouncer the First, Miss Cornshuck (Miss Maggie Stewart), a New York belle, becomes Prince Florizel, and last, but not least, plain Sarah Jane Muggins, a maid of all work and no play (except a play of fancy which she indulged for fairy tales) arises from her ashes, like the phoenix, as an enchanting Cinderella. The second part of the entertainment thus consisted wholly of a fairy extravaganza, which (was almost needless to say the Misses Stewart being so well known in this line of performance is admirably carried out. Indeed, a more charming entertainment as a whole it would not be easy to witness, and the audience were not slow in expressing their full appreciation of the BBC cfBsful endeavours made to amuse them. Mr. Stewart, in the first part, appeared in several new characters, the celerity and completeness of his " changes" being again remarkable. In the extravaganza both as the pseudo French Marquisandthe petticoat-governed King who at length, however, by an amusing ruse, secures his domestic sovereignty) he was extremely entertaining, and his songs, especially the Marquis's medley, were loudly applauded. Miss Docy Stewart was very diverting as Susan Tipping, the cook, and as the Ama- zonian Queen She was quite in her element. Miss Maggie Stewart, as a fairy prince, was debonair, as a fairy prince should be, and evidently more at home in such an agreeable part than she had been as a Burly London lodginghouse-keeper. If it were not invidious, where all did so well, to single out any of the young ladies for special commendation, we should say that Miss Nelly Stewart should be awarded the greatest honours of the evening. The young lady shows a readiness for adapting herself to whatever part she is called upon to play, which promises well for her future advancement in her profession. As the " Maid of all Work she was just what a maid of all work in a lodging house might be expected to be and when she was trans- formed into a charming and very beautifully dressed Cinderella, ehe^jy.as equally at home. Her Bulging also vvasfauinlrable, the manner in which were rendered 5ft Marquis," from the Fledermaus,"' powering a well-merited and hearty encore..''0>_¡$ {4 theXiljigííftjitest features of the whálo,onleitaínmfii;jt.-.»s>. the abundance of music grave and gay which is provideoV'V;ocali8fn being a strong point with each-<btt<ire performers, The entertainment wiE"í)é-íapOated this evening. 