PICKWICKIAN MEMORIES. (Staff Correspondent of N. 7. Tribune.) The haunts of Old Weller, in London, have not all disappeared. He speaks of himself in one place as ' the celebrated Mr. Weller, of the Belle Savage.' In Bell Savage yard you will not find the old tavern, the court now being occupied by comparatively new buildings, and one whole side given up to the publish ing house of Cassell, Petter, and Galpin. Neither does Leadenhall Market contain any longer the Blue Boar, in whose parlour old Weller assisted Sam in the composition of his valentine. But the publichouse in which the elder Weller was fii-st introduced to the acquaintance of a delighted world, I am happy to say, still exists. Mr. Pickwick was walking up Cheapside after his memorable inter view with Messrs. Dodson and Fogg, when he turned to Sam, and asked where he could get a glass of brandy and water. ' Second court on the right hand side,' promptly replied Sam ; ' last house but vun on the right side of the way. Take the box as stands in the first fireplace, 'cos there an't no leg in the middle o' the table, which all the others has, and it's weiy inconvenient.' The house was apparently under the special patronage of stage-coachmen ; and among a number of gentlemen be longing to tbat learned profession who were drinking and smoking in the plainly furnished room, Sam recognised the ' ancient,' otherwise his respected father. With Sam's direction, of course, I had no difficulty in finding the spot. It is up Freeman's court, nearly op posite Bow Church, Cheapside (not to be confounded with the court of the same name in Cornhill, *here Dodson and Fogg had their offices), a dark little flagged passage, where a man may stand in the middle and touch the houses on both sides, and the last house but one is 'The Burton Coffee-house,' to which the title of ' The Silver Grill' has been added as an appendix. It is a small and tidy establishment, no longer ap propriated to coachmen — alas, there are but few of those interesting persons lingering on this earth — but patronised, I should say, by the common run of clerks and shopkeepers. A respectable looking woman was taking a drink at the bar when I passed — at half-past 10 in the morning. I did not go in ; even the privilege of ' the box as stands in the first fireplace' would have been but a hollow mockery, since there was no chance of meeting Mr. Weller. Another house frequented by Old Weller was the Bull, in Whitechapel. It was from tliis inn that he ' worked the Ipswich coach,' and in its yard he was presented to us in pleasant con versation with Sam, on the morning when Mr. Pickwick and his faithful retainer journeyed down to Ipswich for the purpose of exposing the falsehoods of Jingle. I reached the Bull by a stroll which led me through many famous localities without much deviation from the direct course. I looked in Leaden hall street for the Little Wooden Mid shipman, which so long marked the shop of Sol. Gills, tenanted for a time by Captain Cuttle, but, alas, that vener able image (which was really to be seen there only two years ago) has vanished along with nearly all other features of the antique street. Turning out of Leaden hall-street, on the left is St Mary Axe, and here, ontheoutskirtsoftlie Jewquarter, I found several grimy houses, with nonde script shops on the ground floor, any one of which may have been the pattern of the establishment of ' Pusbey and Co.,' where Old Riah made a garden on the roof for Jennie Wren and Lizzie Hex ham. A short and dingy street called Bevis Marks crosses St. Mary Axe. ' I intend calling upon you this morn ing,' wrote Dickens to Forster, during the progress of the 'Old Curiosity Shop,' ' on my way back from Bevis Marks, whither I went to look at a house for Sampson Brass.' There are some old houses at one end of the street, crowded and put out of countenance by modern places of business, and past those interesting habitations, haunted by the ghosts of Sampson and Sally, and Dick Swiveller, and the Mar chioness, I made my way to Aldgate, and so to Whitechapel. This broad, unlovely thoroughfare begins about half a mile north of the Tower, and stretching away north-eastward, cuts through one of the most squalid quar ters of London. As an old avenue of cour.try travel it abounds with quaiut taverns. The Bull has doubtless been shorn of its ancient proportions. It i shows to the street only a narrow front ' of dark, smoke- stained brick, hardly more than a plain house, with a car riage-way to the rear monopolising the ground floor, a lamp and a signboard over the entrance, and a portrait of the j bull just inside, where it is to dark to distinguish the features of the emiuent animal. But if new buildings have en croached upon the front, the yards within present their old aspect. They form two complete quadrangles, one opening into the other. Li the first are to be found on one side of the main entrance to the inn, the bar and tbe coffee-room ; on the other the billiard room and offices. The bed-chambers run all around the upper stories. The inner quadrangle, approached like the first by a covered opening, is devoted principally to the stables. ? ' Heads ! ' cried Mr. Weller, as the coach rattled out of the yard of the Bull, with Mr. Pickwick aad Sam and Peter Magnus as outside passengers. They drove up Whitechapel. At the beginning of the Mile End road an old tavern stands between the street and side walk, the carriage way passing on one side of it, the foot way on the other. This, no doubt, marks the site of the old toll-gate, which suggested the elder Weller's philosophical remark to Mr. Pickwick that turnpike-keepers were always men who had been disappointed in life. ' They shuts themselves up in pikes, partly with the view of being solitaryand partly to revenge themselves on mankind by taking toll' Beyond that point, in Mr. Pickwick's day, it was, I suppose, a rustic road ; but far beyond it now extends the crowded district wherein poverty and oysters (to cite Sam's observation) prevail together; 'and the case is the same,' added Weller the elder, ' with pickled sal inionj' of which delicacy there seems to be an enormous street consumption about Whitechapel and Mile End to this day. f 7 : 