NEWS AND NOTES. This day's events :-D'Arcy's Read’s “Ghost" entertainment, at the Alfred-hall; meeting Burrum- beat Ploughing Match, Cormbie's Tw Bridges hoted, windermere. Xpwing to[the space we a potion of joiir Jeadmg and several letters.^'-', The R.l£3j the European mmt arrivedat Tuesday morflhfig and after delivering the'packages for the Western District, proceeded up 1 - the-'South Channel, and ■anohored-in ths-bsy shortly after-l-l-O'clock. ■■ "3T Mr-E.rJ.- Lewis, solicitor, was charged at the City -Police'CbnrVoh Tuesday with attempting to extort -money-from-one-William-WiUiamsr'a-neW'arrivaUn the colony, by/mnanaof:a.menacing-: letter alleged to -have-been sent-to-Williama-by- Mr—Lewis.--The case will be found fully reported in another column, and was but partly heard -/It will be further procesded'withat {he City Court this mbming!^ The administrative council of the Sandhurst School of Mines makes the following suggestions with respect to the future wqrkingof the,schools;-of mines to the Minister of Instruction:— I.’ That the Government grant for schools of mines be increased to £6OOO a year. 2,.That the’present basis of division of the grant between th'e two 1 schools, viz, ’in'proportion to the amounts received, by each school in fees, subscrip tions, and donations,'be altered to that of an equal division-between the .two schools.’’ .-The council-states that-’if-■ these proposals are agreed to, 4 the schOol’will be prepared to give instruction in a large variety of subjects, which are detailed in the circular sent to the Minister,rand'mayi'.be:said-.torform a complete course of education. The Education Department has informed the secre tary of- the Conference,ofßoards of Advice that the Commissioner of Railways “sees no sufficient ground why he.should grant free,passes , u , to the members of the boards hvho'desire bo attend-the confereqc&£. In the appeals to the Privy Council in the suit of the United Hand-inVEfand and Band of Hope Co'm pany (Registered) v the National Bank of Australasia, we understand that Messrs Hardy and Madden, the solicitors for. the company, mail-, received a letter'from their agent in Lohdoh. Mr Thomas Ran dall, stating that in,.consequence his pressing en gagements, Mr Horace Davey, Q.C., would be unable to argue the case .for"th'e ; company, but that Mr Joshua Williams,'Q.C., a leading member of the bar, and-Mr J. Denistoun-Wood, lately of -Victoria, would ‘ hold briefs on behalf of the company. A telegram! was also received, dated 14th June, that both appeals had been dismissed with costs. The company has, therefore, established its right to the decree in the first,'/appeal, order for payment 'Of ,the ■ money due to the company, with* costs of suit inithe - second appeal. A prospecting, scheme, has been mooted (says the' Slawell Chronicle),' which, 1 tb’oiigfrsbm'ewhat ambitious • in itsisoope; hassveryx much' tonrecommendjitjto alii who study the theories attending quartz lodes and! alluvial .deposits. It is'welt known that from alii .paSts.bf Ithat fangf jvhidh separated AraijrtJ.'and Aim- ; strongs from Cathcart and Opossum Gully run leads! of gold, of greater of less richness,’'so'ine being limited! . in size, and other among the richest, -and.most-exten-; sive leads the’ colony has seen worked during its his-/ tory. It'is also known'thathefe and therehlong the! wh01.0_,,.0f - th^jhilU'c-course.-.reefs :> prppj> qutpof; varying richness, the jfact , that ( they are too! thin being "the“ principal ’cauaa ,; 'why they have not beenlmoro extensively, worked. /Mining theorists! deduce from these facts arguments in favor of! the supposition that somewhere in the centre of this , spur of tbe Dividing Range exist large and rich lodes; which in the bldeh-time enriched 1 the rivlllets flowing down its sides, and gave:out the gold strewn tar and; wide oyer oJd Ararat., It fa.suggested,,therefore,-that' a ’ large 'compa’riy be formed, with Its shares nistri-i /buted'far arid wide'through’the’-cblony if possible, for the purpose of putting ; one or, more tunnels through! the range, at as' low a'level as may be, and so testing the .-'heart. I ' of the'-hills; '■ The' work I .is/by/no-means a; formidable one. .when the country to be driven in is considered; and'if the project is energetically taken up,/.there should be.no difficulty. in tho way.;.; rA- tithe of the money spent where scarcely any inducements exfat.would carry the, work to. completion, while.it is Impossible to estimate what might’be the'outcome. 1 A special general meeting'of the Smythesdale Fire /Brigade waa held.-on-Monday'evening, for the.purpose of adopting .and revising the new rules, that will come into force on thVlat July, and after ’a. careful perusal and--some'slight 'emendation* 1 -they were'adopted.: Donations were reoeived_qf_£l from Mr Bird, M.L.A.,: and £2 from the Victoria Insurance Company, which 1 rfere'duly acknowledged, and! the business terminated.' Our correspondent writes Though Smythesdale is just at’present'free''frbtn ci dipthifia and kindred diseases, which at this season of the year are rather prevalent, other districts in Grenville cannot claim the same immunity, as the districts of Rosa’ Creek; Carngham, and Cape Clear are afflicted with diph theria! The 'medical'faculty who have/paid any atten tion to the spread of diphtheria notice that it is most ,prevalent in, the mushroom season, and the coincidence ik hbw 'remarkable. '- The fich'old l pasthres'‘ in’ the vicinity of, Carngham, and the old unbroken, Crown lands'at CapaClearyand’priv'ata'paaturelatidsdf Ross’ Creek, in the season, are the districts where the mush room grows abundantly,' and as diphtheria is acknow ledged,-to ,boa throat.disease.of,the,fungoid growthj it would appear'that both are contemporary. As-a matter of courss,-I do:ndt infer that the consumption of mushrooms, properly cooked, has any connection with ; the disease'further than the season of the (one ushers in with virulence-that-of tbe other.-'and- both are coincident until a; change takes/place-in .the weather., ■Dur Smythesdale correspondent writes;—“l am afraid* that’.'the Hop.' F/Longmore!. will havea bad time,, of,it as soon' aa Parliament meets, judging by the acrimony displayedj towards'him over, the’ Mount Macedon selections. ' The disappqihtedbnes,aver that they,, would not have pegged but the'land, lodged their'Applications and £THepdSfts) ( ha3 : ’they known that the various blocks-wbUld have been subsequently divided; that there wonl.cLnot have been the number of applicants nor deposits in the first instance, if the land had been cut' up' into small areas; ’ that when they- refused" to .'accept a less quantity of. land.than '•what’ they- ha'd' pegged but, as shown/on the litho -graphedl plans,-their deposits, should .-.have, been re turned; that they were detained several days. in'Mel buurne at considerable expense; and that single men should have, been notified..ia.the, ffazeffe, that they were "ineligible 1 , to select. this la'n’d^and 1 thus been saved the time and expense of looking'"after it.” f;a£ i “One of the Black Wednesday Victims” writes as folio,wa.to, the jTelegr l aph;~,\‘ ,Sir, speech at Stawell that' even the sad” Tate‘"of poor Abcott, and the melancholy position of the widow and innocent little ..ones, are not considered, too sacred by this Minister of the Crown to'gib e kt. “He also takes the opportunity of 1 pying ah opinion on a matter of whicn beds’ entirely ignorant, and drawing the conclu sion that, because I gave £5 s>, I am well off, and in a_position to be envied. Now, the facta are these—l have obtained employment, and have every prospect of,doing well. (No thanks to; thVTauffibrs of-’Black Wednesday.) I am still in debt, * and 'not In’good health. Tne'fate of poor Abcott/however, so touched feelingihad been, more ..fortunate, tharx ,he hadj iny-wife ahdT - determined '•to f 'forward-'all l tha cash we could spare, , and- only hoped that others would follow our example. " A/vSry small amount of self- denialon”tbti part of ,those::who., have not been ■dismissed, and,those who are establishing,themselves outside, would place the Ahoott, family beyond /want. I may state that I ’am nbt 'acquainted with any of the know-,the deceaapdhby.sight.” At the, Carngham Police Court .on Monday, before Messrs Hopperahd'h’orreat'-J’a.P./Mary-A. Scott, a married woman, was Charged with lunacy within the shire of Ripbh,'and-upon'the’teatimohy'of Drs Jordan and Stew art was sent to-the Ararat Asylum. I 'i'fbbt’ball l match:Was:.played On l Monday/-between the Grenville College’ J aha" the Ballarat Grammar School, which ended in' an “undecided game, the cap tains of hbttrteams/'agraeing/to <> withdraw--inheonse quence of the inclemency- of 'the weather, but the college had by far the best-of the game. The follow ing! played Well /'for./the: college-^Begg/Grey; land Bennett; and for the grammar school—Arrowsmith, Showman, and Cameron.— A .football rnatoh'Was .played ppSaturdaybatween -the Football Clubs, .which Tesultecfm-a Very easy‘victory- for'-the-former by’five goals, ,kickedi by Graham.(3), Ferguson -(D.jQullen (1), to.nih ~.,Those who flayed well fog the winners were ' Graham,’Fergifa9h (c3jptMn),,Dbuglas, : and'Kiag; and _for_the'loaera,Southerwood,’Matthbwi!.and. Roberta [? '• y\ \\\ T V T £ xv The Returns, from the ’.Victoria T raßwaya-,for,.the 'week ehdihg‘ J i2th June‘ were £19|956 18s i fed;? as against £18,29Ct lfltAd 'fbr the’JCoireßpbnding week of lastyear.^,j.t.; 2E ' Respecting Kelly gang the Argus says:—“ The ) det|ctive,'’ad£h6ritiee* are in- pbasessibo'.'of most .im portant infbrmitibh jvith regard to' the Kelly gang. The visit of .Mrs flkillian aud.her oompanions to Melbourne does not appear^to-have any.important significance attached/to it,- but the / actions -of certainfmale/sym ; pathis era* with thegang, who'ha ve ala o' oo met o't o wn, rcimclusively, .estkblfahea tbe I faC£ that .the’ •outlaws'',are are.preparingrfor/'anbtheratt'ack'upohAhe'ob.m'munify. At present it fa not desirable' that any furthec.-parti culars of what has transpired should be made public, as it would^be calculatbJ tb'rendor'the -'operations of the detectives The Herald of Tuesday jsays:—‘,‘.)Ve_ hav.e'no’W.'to Veiterate that. Kate Kelly ‘was’in Saturday :night; went St.' Prahbis’ Church on Sunday morning,' and to Sandridge in the I afternoon; that thosewho went with-harto Sandridge returned on Monday, morning to the hotel at which they wore stopping and that thQ_pplica have lost all trace o£ left for Benalla by tMji,4s- train.” j “ Anglo Australian,” i Tiling European Mail, sa y B Graham Be rry.-ia’ on to the whole 1 e hasl had a-pleaaaut time of Pleasant,[that ia, tof aaii whp'; suddenly finds |himself |term £Premi|j|iJ of/afiy account. He Jwouldihivo come as the of Then he would have had-,all the sympathy such an advocate deserves. But that was not his position. He was here on behalf ‘-of a sectionoTpoSEieians orwHioh"fie'sirthe“head I''and no elbqilende-IKa -'could:;bring"Jto bear. was able ■ convince anyone that 1 he ■- ! bad‘-'a’ ■‘causa’;requiring redress 1 at'''th» hands —of —the —Home—Govern ment. In effect he -haa" .been? told to go back, ahako handa with' the Council,-and try and conduct bhsineks in something: lika’a constitutional form, ylf ha would only.make,oge.to abolish payment of members he might Bbon become a’grea’tman. This is the one evil which ii;at;the;bpttomotthe Victorian politicalsystem,'and it should-be. abolished.i .While this system... prevails thera r will'always s - 1 be- a-- split among parlies, .and' jt is' : on Ithe oards: thal.thisayatbm willTenableHirß. .O'lioghlen/whoVseems'ito^haye'ad vanced political tendencies,’ and who may blame Mr Barry for not ‘ sticking' put,’ to] lout' the .painter and start a party of’his.own.” ,TbeArgus t gayt:~‘ We , are;, in -.'a" fcbaitioh to state that there ia no trnth whatever: in .a story told by a Camphelltown correspondent-of the- Hobart -Town Meriury, and'copieli .into’ bf- the sth 'June, inwhich.-ithe.-Rey.,..Mr Kiniumont’ was.], reported as having asked a congregation in Kirklands, or in the neighborhood, ,tp : pray Tfor th'e, pottyersiou of the Qovernor.of'Tasmania; aud as'.having heen rebuked for so.doing. The Avoca Mail says:—“ We. have]good authority for stating Ahat land in this district for ; which iS lTa dd.per'acre was refused twelve months ago, is .scarcely saleable no w: at !: £2-,7s per .here; rand ‘ this seems' to be about' the proportion of the depreciation which has bo purred..all;.oyer-the colony.”; — ;]]:Th Herald. o.E.Tueaday There ' is. coni paratiyely], little ne w]in] connection .mth' the', Fitzroy election. ' Mr Evans announces .m-]bur columns that he will address his- friends and supporters to-morrow evening,- -rMr Blackett.will run in the-opposition' in terest. ' Mt'Knipe will alsh 'be’ a candidate. > Mr Vale is]]-not at. ipresettt ; !dnt';]b£ ! ‘the_rnnning.- 'Mr Gray’s iriends are.actively.at work on his behalf.', A,meeting .of electors is tojbe held on Thursday to select a can didate to run iu the liberal interest.” ' Greatly .exaggerated rumors as to ’the amount in volved in the action of the Hand and Band Company v National Bank have been (says Tuesday’s Herald) in circulation - in r 'the city to-day: '"We learn that the amount v o£- ! the judgnient, including-the-plaintiff’s costs, against which the .bank appealed;; was'£Bsss 6s. This.'aum was paid over to,the]trustees of .ths company, some months since. To this sum mustpof course, be; added che plaintiffs] costs since," and the bank’s costs, i but wo.believe ]that the],bank some time ago made; .adequate provisio'ndd;liquidate..all; .costs in the event! 'of the appeal being unsuccessful; 'The wisdom of this 'courseus now ’apparent,"as the bank’s appeal has been dismissed by the PrivyiGouucil. ; The whole amount" to.be paid, including the j bank’s costs,” will, it . is be lieved; be-under '£l4,ooo.—a, very, insignificant sum for a flourishing institution. The viblenoe’ of' the republican patty in Italy has so far alarmed,the Vatican aa“,tb future'possibilities that the‘Pope has made confidential enquiry of the foreign Governments, asking .whether he could rely on their protection if the Vatioan.were- attacked. . Some’ of them have replied in.the affirmative. ]-.This state ment comes the Vatican; but it is-difficult to believe that his Holiness can; imagine ];ha.‘ls in any danger of attack.,i..Cardinal- Nina baa Sont a circular to all nuncios, instructing them to ..urge on their Governments the expediency, of leaving.liberty to the church, as the best means of; combatting the sub versive doctrines of-.the 1 ' day! ''Symptom* seem to show that the Holy Father, is gradually strengthening' his hands" againat .:the .opposition in the Vatican. .Several,oyhe-most violent opponents of. Leo XIII. and adherents of the, policy of Pius IX.]. have been sent fromßome to provincial,bishoprics, ‘,. A meeting was, held .at : Mack’s hotel,, Geelong, on Monday evening:by a number of old colonists, for the purpoWof arranging as' to the .holding of a banquet as a kind of reunion. 1 ,:It was agreed" (says'the'Adrer tiser) that a demonstration of the character alluded to should be'held;-the old colonists to: be of over twenty years’ atandiug.-The :day fori holding the banquet was not fixed,-that being .left for a future.meeting to decide;''’.",':- - 7 • - ' c-.lt has now been , ascertained (says the], Oeeh'ng Adr verliser).that » sporting gentleman some time since placed a fox dog in the forest.in the neighbor .hood of-'J*ah ,‘Juc,.and "this.Vaccpuhts. for ,the young foxes lately seen in' that locality. ; A number of: these vermin 1 have' already beon-poisoned, nevertheless they are.increaaing at an. .alarming rate, and' doing h "great ampunt]b£] mischief. 1 ' Mr 1 James of Swampy Creek,' baa lost a number of lambs,‘and other residents in -the distriot have. already suffered in a similar way. No one feels-hia'flocks.or property to be.-safe. It is feared that these pests will become; worse than the dingo; that, in fact, .there may be a cross between the dingo and-the fox, resulting,in-offapring uniting'the wild habits of the formerwith,the cunning of the latter. Considering theserious'. charactorbf. this threatened evil, ahd r re]memberiog' what ravages ’the. rabbit has "entailed oh the'colony,'it,hks'.been suggested that the .Government should offer, £s];for-the hea'd or tail of \- every for caught; This, would -be the best means of exterminating- the-nuisance; if done before it becomes, like the rabbit plague, rather too formidable.to grapple with. A telegram . has .been received by his Excellency from the Lieiitenarifc-Govcrnor b£ New South Wales, stating that the American.Congress'has resolved to appoint a commission for the : Victorian, and New South Wales International Exhibitions, The Melbourne,'correspondent of the Ararat Adver tiser, who. is ji,supporter of. the . Ministry, thus writes about the state of affairs in.Melbournm—lam sorry to say some of bur. largest ' firms continue, to ] find it necessary to shorten r hands,- and next: week several of their employees are to be diimissad; "'-If'mattets-do not quickly improve, !am afraid'the registration foes list at the unemployed be a very .lengthy one, and take Mr. Berry a long time to when he returns.” Two of our principal bookmakers hava had.faaya the correspondent of t\ie, Ararat Advertieer) a differ ence about some wageHrig“oyer,'the^’]latel'AJelaide meeting, and the discussion grew' so’warin'that at last wore resorted-to. “Thief,]’ “rogue," Weloher,” Were mild epithets to 'some"that were bandied about. Their, disagreements are, I learn, to be settled some fine morning .in the “ropes”. We learn from an Argus telegram that Mr Taylor, police magistrate, held an inquest at Malmsbury on Saturday for the purpose of investigating the cause of the death of Andrew Yates, “boss” of the after- noon shift, who was crushed by a fall of earth in one new crosscuts in the main drive of the Con- fluence mine when in the act of taking instructions from Robert M‘Master, the mining manager, who narrowly escaped sharing a similar fate. Yates had just put his head into the crosscut, and was holding a candle before him to see the nature of the drive. when the earth fell, and pinioned his head between his feet. When assistance was obtained he was found to be quite dead. The jury returned a verdict that death resulted from a fall of earth, and that no blame attached to anybody. Arrangements have been made ]with Mr W. Cook, the]cbampion[of England, who made the largest break in] the'world of 936," and Louis Kilkenny, the Tdrk shire champion] tp.giye three]exhibitions of their!skill at billiards on'the.lst, 2nd,.and 3rd July,iat'Craig’s hotel;billiardlroom. A meeting of the .farmers, of the. Ballarat district is; called for Saturday afternoon, at 2 p.m., at the Market- sheds,' Ballarat West, to consider' the desir ability of altering.the hour]of sale in the.produce market; The Ghost " was well patroniaad on : 'Tuesday night. The programme was sufficiently-. . varied to introduea].;;sgmß",new : "and -startling illuaiona; which proved aa'mystdrious as ever to the speotalors. 'lTho j entertainment is certainly, ona .of tha most-, amusing that wa have had in Ballarat for years, and presents a • real tr'eat ’ for young people, as well as a somewhat difficult . problem for ~tEe . oldsters .to, solve. . The “ Ghost ” will walk for the remainder of the week. . -..».M‘Lean’a. J uvenila ..Drama tic .Tro'ubadors_wilT com mence a season of one week at the Academy of Music on Monday. •The piooes'will be for Monday, “ Conrad "and] Eizatte,’’ and “Patchwork.” The Trouba.dore utider -engagement to Mr L. 1 M] Bayless for three : y.ears, and. will . makq the world.„"The I agent is Mr W. Evans,'who is well and favorably pknown; in/this, district;' .'c !•; 