MISCELLANEOUS. The most popular bathing garment in France this year is an umbrella. A negro boy, and girl with snow.white. hair are at Crawford (Ga) curiosity.. "No paper souls here," is the sign of a Rochester, N.Y., boot and shoe store. There is a lady sommering at Saratoga who sports a 100,000dol worth of diamonds. A Bridgeport man has invented a machine capacle of ironing five or six hundred shirts a day. A bunch of Bananas, in which each bana na's akin is half yellow and half red, is ex. hibited at New ]aven. Minnesota expects to sell about 50,000,000 dot worth of wheat. A lassie has just arrived at Fort Worth, Texas, who travelled all the way from Scot. land to marry her Jemie. A man in Vermont has 181 boils, all at once. A man in Amherst, Mass., hasn't taken a drop of water in eight years. there are 450 lady dentists in the United States, and three times as many learning the business. Spurgeon recently said, "if he were to write his life, it would seem to be fiction, so marvellous were some things which had oc. curred." Of the three greatest heiresses in Eng. land of late years, Baroness Costts is un. married, and the others - Viscountess Holmesdale, heiress of the last Lord Corn. wallis, and the Hon. Mrs. Lloyd-Lindsay, only child of Lord Overetne--are childless. A Bridgeport photographer recently had his revenge on a couple of girls who sat for pictures and then would not take them by displaying the rejected photoiraphe in front of his gallery labelled: "These' pictures look too much like the origials. They would not take them.' The flags waving over a circus at Scranton, Pa., were arranged so that the British was the highest, whereupon the mayor, with the threatening name of Powderly, ordered the manager thereafter to "take the precaution to place the American flag in its proper po sition, via : above all others, for no other fag can float above it in this city." An old resident near Niagara Falls says that nothing nso helps the patronage of the Falls as for somebody to he carried over them; that the arrivals at the hotels are al ways from twenty to thirty per cent. larger for a few days after a distressing accident. During the week following the sad death of the Belgian wife who recently tumbled into the rapids and was swept to destruction, there must have been 600 or 600 people there who would not have come had the tragedy not occurred. They all went to the spot on Goat Island where she had fallen in and looked at it intentlyas if her ghost might repeat the melancholy scene for theirbenefit. The Washington Star is authority for the statement that a child died at Deal's Island last week from the effects of mosquito bites. The mother left it asleep, and on returning found it literally covered with insects. Its death followed immediately. The locality is especially infested by the pests. Automatic cars, driven by compressed air, are being tried on the various horse car lines of New York, and the president of the Third Avenue line, the largest in the city, says he believes the days of horses on street railways are numbered. People want to go faster. It is the influence of the elevated line. The General Wool monument which is loading at Vinal Haven for shipment to Troy,. N.Y., where it is to be erected, is the lar- ' gest shaft of the kind quarried since the days of the Egyptian obelisks,' being sixty feet long, or nearly as long as the famous Cleopatra needle, and weighing 100 tons. Four stones were quarried before a perfect shaft was got. Max Tnar DaiO Our Are ExTaxT ecI. Fishermen. ' TrTroraz SwLrlow.--A man may be a teetotoer, and yet partake of the spirit of the times., A man cares little for his wrongs when'' geting his funeral rites. A rso.AotT debt is certtla in time to sink any entrpriae. Why is a drunkard like a vain young lady ?-Broause he is'never satisfied with a moe orate use of the glass-' ' A New York barber, ha this sign in his window-"Neither English, French, Ger. man, nor the United tSases spoke' here." The maiden with the new parasol always regrets that she can't keep it up In'oharob. A physician has discovered yellow fever germs in ice. The safest way is to boil your tee before using it This klls the germs. 