THE "HERALD'S" PRIZE POEM ON THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. BY HENRY KENDALL. IN publishing the following poem, the S. M. Herald (which pays the author 100 guineas for it) says:- With the view of encouraging literary talent, 4a well m to th*t of fitly celebrating the opening of the laternfttioaal Bxhibitioo, the proprietors of journal some months ago offered a pre mium of 100 guineas for the but original poem on. this interesting and important epoch in our colonial history. The competition was open to all the world, the metre, length, and arrange ment of the poems being left to the taste and discretion of the writer*. The responses to this offer were both prompt and numerous. Poems wen reoeived not only from almost every part of the** oolonies, but alao from the United King dom and America. The total number was about 350\. The prise has been awarded to Mr. Henry Kendall, of Camdcn Haven, New South Wales. The selection of this poem from the large number tent for competition has been determined by two considerations—the first being the general quality of the poetic thought and expression in the poem itself; and the second, its appropriateness to the ocoasion wbioh it was intended to mark. A few of the productions received, though of much ability, have a somewhat distant bearing upon the event to be celebrated; whik others, although keeping to the point, lack the qualities which the following poem will be seen to possess. The examination of the poems has, of course, been conducted in ignorance of the names of the writers, and the sole desire hits been to secure the production that would reflect th» greatest credit on the oolony, and that Would best contribute to the successful opening of the International Exhibition, Mr. Kendall, who, it need hardly be said, has been bng known as oae of the first Australian potts, is to be congratulated on his success in m competition which was open to all the world. This sueoess has been made the more remarkable by the fact that some of the productions received, from' the mother-country especially, are marked by both poetic genius and scholarly taate. No incon siderable number of the poems sent from the oolony and the United Kingdom are evidently first attempts, and in not a few instanoes their authors have signified that they have hardly in dulged a hope of victory. The result of the oom petition, however, has been the bringing out of a great deal of poetic ambition, and of no small amount of poetic talent. There are evidently many young writers in the colonies who regard the history and scenery of Australia as suitable themes for poetic treatment, and it is hoped that one of the results of the oompetition which has now closed will be the improvement of our native talent and the enriching of this department of our colonial literature. It would have given us pleasure to have referred to some that are worthy of special mention. If this were done, however, it would be difficult to draw the line. Now, while Orion, flaming south, doth set A shining foot on hills of wind and wet — Far haughty hills beyond the fountains cold And dells of glimmering greenness manifold— While August Bings the advent of the Spring, And in the calm i« heard September's wing, The lordly Toice of song I ask of thco, High deathless radiance—crowned Calliope I What though we never hear the great god's lays Which made all music the Hellenic days— What though the face of thy fair heaven beams Still only on the crystal Grecian streams — What though a sky of new strange beauty shines Where no white Dryad sings witbin the pines: Here is a land whose large imperial grace Must tempt thee, goddess, in thine holy place I . Here are the dells of peace and plenilune, The hills of morning and the slopes of noon; Here are the waters dear to days of blue, And dark- green hollows of the noontide dew ; Here lies the harp, by fragrant woodwinds fanned, That waits the coming of thy quickening hand I And shall Australia, framed and set in sea August with glory, wait in vain for thee ? Shall more than Tempo's beauty be unsung Because its shine is strange —its colors young ? No! by the full live light which puts to shame The far fair splendors of Thessalian flame, By yonder forest psalm which sinks and swells like that of Phods, grave with oracles— By deep prophetic winds that come and go, Where whispering springs of pondering moun tains flow, By lute-like leaves and m&ny- languaged; caves, Where sounds the strong hosanna of the waves, This great new Majesty shall not remain Unhonored by the high immortal strain ! Soon, soon, the music of the southern lyre Shall start and blossom with a tpeech like fire ! Soon, soon, shall flower and flow in flame divine Thy songs, Apollo, and Euterpe, thine ! Strong, shining sons of Delphicus shall rise With ail their Father's glory in their eyes ; Here, in the hour that shines and strands afar, Flamed first o'd England's banner like a star; Here, in a time august with prayer and praise, Was born the Nation of these splendid days ; And here this land's majestic Yesterday Of immemorial silence died away. And then shall beam on yonder slopes and springs, The light that swims upon the light of things. And therefore, lingering in a land of lawn, I, standing here, a siDger of the Dawn, With ghze upturned to where wan summits lie Against the morning, flowing up the sky,— Whose eyes in dreams of many colors see A glittering vision of the years to be— Do ask of thee, Calliope, one hour Of life preeminent with perfect power, That I may leave a Bong whose lonely rays May shine hereafter from these songless days. For now there breaks acroas the faint gray range The roße-red dawning of a radiant change. A soft sweet voice is in the valleys deep, Where darkness droops and sings itself to sleep. The grave-mute woods, that yet the silence hold Of dim dead ages, gleam with hints of gold. Ton eastern cape that meets the straitened wave— A twofold tower above the whistling cave— Whose strength in thunder shields the gentle . lea, And makes-a white wrath of a league of sea— Now wears the face of peace; andj in the bay. The weak spent v ice of Winter dies away. In every dell there is a whispering wing ; On every lawn, a glimmer of the Spring ; By every hill, are growths of tender green ; On every slope, a fair new life is seen. And 10, beneath the morning's blossoming fires, The shining city of a hundred spires! In m|sts of gold, by countless havens furled. And glad with all the flags of all the world I These are the shores where, in a dream of fear, Cathay saw darkness dwelling half the year I (1) These are the coasts that old fallacious tales Chained d6wn with ioe and ringed with sleep* 1 - less gales! This is the land that, in the hour of awe, From Indian peaks the rapt Venetian saw ((2) Here is the long gray line of strange sea-wall That checked the prow of the audacious Gaul, What time he steered towards the southern snow, From zone to rone—four hundred yean ago I (8) By yonder gulf, whose marching waters meet The wine-dark currents from the isles of heat, Strong sons of Europe, in a far dim year, Faced ghastly foes and felt the alien spear! There, in a later dawn, by shipless waves, The tender grasses found forgotten graves. (4) Far in the west, beyond those hills sublime, Dirk Hartog anchored in the olden time : There, by a wild-faced bay, and in a deft, His shining name the fair-haired Northman left (5) And, on those broad imperial waters far, Beneath the lordly occidental star, Barfed Tftsman down a great and glowing space, Whose softer lights were like his lady's face. In dreams of her he roved from none to sone And gave her lovely name to coasts unknown ; And saw in streaming sunset everywhere The curious beauty of her golden hair. (6) By naming tracts of tropic afternoon, Where in low heavens hangs a fourfold moon, Here, on the tides of a resplendent year, By capes of jasper, came the buccaneer. (7) Then—then the wfldmen, flying from the beach, First heatd the clear, bold sounds of English speech ; And then first fell across a southern plain The broad, strong shadows of a Saxon train. Near yonder wall of stately cliff that braves The arrogance of congregated waves, The daring son of gray old Yorkshire stood, And dreamed in a majestic solitude, What time a gentle April shed its showers, Aflame with sunset, on the Bay of Flowers. (8) The noble seaman who withheld the hand, And spared the Hector of his native land— The single savage yelling on the beach The dark strange curses of barbaric speech I Exalted sailor ! whose benignant phrase Shines full of beauty in these Utter days ; Who met the naked tribes of fiery skies With great divine compassion in his eyes ; Who died, like Him of hoary Nasareth, That death august—the radiant martyr's death ; Who in the last hour showed the Christian face, Whose crumbling beauty Bhamed the alien race. In peace he sleeps where deep eternal calms Lie round the lands of heavy-fruited palms. Lo I in that dell, behind a singing bar, Where deep puro pools of glittering waters are, Beyond a mosey yellow-gleaming glade, The last of Forby Sutherland was laid— The blue-eyed Saxon ftom the hills of snow Who fell asleep a hundred years ago. In flowerful shades where gold and green are rife Still rests the shell of his forgotten life. Far, far away, beneath some northern sky, The fathers of bis humble household lie ; But, by hi* lonely grave, are sapphire streams, And gracious woodlands, where the firefly gleams; And ever comes across a silver lea The hymn sublime of the eternal sea. On that bold hill, against a broad blue stream, Stood Arthur Phillip in a day of dream, What time the mists of morning westward rolled, And heaven flowered on a bay of gold 1 (1) Aoconling to that eminent authority, Mr. R H. Major, and others, the Great Southern Land U referred to in old Chinese records as a polar continent, subject to the long polar nights. (2) Marco Polo mentions a large land called by the Malays Lochae. The northern coast mi supposed to be in latitude 10° 8. ( Vide Bennett and others.) (3) Mr. R H. Major has discovered a map of Ttna Aualmlis dated a.d. 1542, and bearing the name of La Testti, a French pilot. Le Testu must have visited these coasts some years before the date of the chart. (4) The iwUors of the Dufyhen, a Dutch vessel which entered Carpentaria in a.d. ltk)s, were attacked by the natives. la the fray some of the white* were killed. No doubt these unlucky adventurers were the first Europeans buried in Australia. (Vide Woods and others.) (i) Dirk Hartog left a tin plat*-, beuriug his name in Sharks Bay, Western Australia. It was last teen in a.d. lsca ('■>) Abel Tinman's lore for Maria Van Diernsn is well known. Tasmania and many nf the islands and points on the north-west coasts <jt Australia were named after her. (7) Dampier. (B)B«t*nyß*y. Where are the woods that, ninety summers back, Stood hoar with ages by the water-track ? Where are the valleys of the flashing wing, The dim green margins, and the glimmering Bpring ? Where now the warrior of the forest race, His glaring war-paint and his fearless faoe! The banks of April and the groves of bird, The glades of silence, and the pools unatirred, The gleaming savage, and the whistling spear T Passed with the passing of a wild old year ! A Bingle torrent singing by the wave, A shadowy relic in a mountain cave, A ghost of fire in immemorial hills, The whittled tree by folded wayside rills, The call of bird that hides in hollows far, Where feet of thunder, wings of winter, are— Of all that Past, these wrecks of wind and rain, These touching memories—these alone remain. What sun is this that beams and broadens west ? What wonder this, in deathless glory dressed ? What strange, sweet harp of highest god took flame And gave this Troy its life, its light, its name ? What awful lyre of marvellous power and range Upraised this Ilion —wrought this *im«ng change? No shining singer of Hellenic dreams Set yonder splendor by the morning streams t No god, who glimmers in a doubtful sphere, Sbed glory there—created beauty here, This is the City that our fathers framed— These are the crescents by the elders named I The human hands of strong heroic men Broke down the mountain, filled the gaping glen, Ran streets through swamp, built banks against the foam, And bent the arch, and raised the lordly dome 1 Here are the towers that the Founders made ! Here are the temples where these Romans prayed! Here stand the courts in whioh their leaders met I Here are their homes, and here their altars yet! Here sleep the good old men whose lives sublime Of thought and action shine and sound through time— Who worked in darkness—onward fought their ways To bring about these large majestic days— Who left their sons the hearts and high desires Which built this city of the hundred spins 1 A stately Morning rises on the wing, The hills take color, and the valleys sing. A bright September flames beyond the lea— A silver vision on a silver sea. A new Age " cast in a diviner mould " Comes crowned with lustre, soned and shod with gold I What Dream is this on lawny-spaces set \ What Miracle of dome and minaret! What great mute Majesty is this that takes The first of morning ere the songbird wakes ? Lo, this was built, to honor gathering lands, By Celtic, Saxon, Australasian hands ! These are the Halls where all the flags unfurled Break into speech that weloomes all the world. And 10, our friends are here from every cone— From isles we dream of, and from tracts no* known t Here are the fathers from the stately space Where Ireland is, and England's sacred faoe I Here are the Norsemen from their strong sea* wall, The grave grand Teuton and the brilliant Gaul I From green sweet groves the dark-eyed Lusians sail, And proud Iberia leaves the grape-flushed vale. Here are the lords whose starry-banner shines From fierce Magellan to the Arctic pines I Here cope the strangers from the gates of Day— From hills of sunrise and from white Cathay. The spioy islands send their swarthy sons; The lofty North, its mailed and mighty ones. Venetian keels are floating on our sea ; Our eyes are glad with radiant Italy ! Yea, North and South, and glowing Weet and East, Are gathered here to grace our splendid feast The chiefs from peaks august with Asian snow, The elders born where regal roses grow, Come hither, with the flower of that fair land That blooms beyond the fiery tracts of sand Where Syrian suns their angry lustres fling Across blind channels of the bygone spring. And, on this great auspicious day, the flowers Of Labor glorify majestio hours. The singing angel from the starry sphere Of daszUng Science shows his wonders here. And Art, the dream-olad spirit, starts, and brings From Fairyland her strange sweet glittering things. Here arc the works man did what time his face Was touched by God in some exalted place. Here glows the splendor—here, the marvel wrought When Heaven flashed upon the maker's thought t Yea, hero aro all the miracles sublime— The lights of Genius and the stars of Time i And, being lifted by this noble noon, Australia broadens like a tropic moon. Her white pure lustre beams across the zones; The Nations greet her from their awful thrones. From hence, the morning beauty of her name Will shine afar, like an exceeding flame. Her place will be with mighty lords, whose sway Controls the thunder and the marching day. Her crown will shine beside the crowns of kings Who shape the seasons, rule the course of things. The fame of her across the yearß to be Will spread like light on a surpassing nea ; And graced with glory, girt with power august, Her life will last till all things turn to dust! To Thee, the face of song is lifted now— (> Lord, to whom the awful mountains bow ; Whone bands unseen the tenfold storms control; Whose thunders shake the spheres from pole to pole ; Who, from the highest heaven lookest down, The sea Thy footstool, and the sun Thy crown ; A round whose throne the deathless planets sing 1 losannas to their high eternal King— To Thee, the soul of Prayer this morning turns, With faith that glitters and with hope that burns! And, in the moments of majestic calm Th.it till the heart in pauses of the psalm, Bho asks Thy blessing for this fair young land J'k.a flowers within the hollow of Thine hand i Ji.x seeka of Theo that boon, that gift sublime, TLu Christian radiance, for this hope of Time And Thou wilt listen •■, and Thy face will bend To smile upon us—Master, Father, Friend! The Christ, to whose pure pleading heart hath crept Was human once, and in the darkness wept ; The gracious Love that helped ub long ago Will on ua like a summer sunrise flow ; And be a light to guide the Nation's feet On holy paths—on saored ways, and sweet Thx principal Sydney papers are very compli mentary in their notices of the Queensland court at the exhibition. The Mail s»ys :—" It is due to Queensland to say that her court, thanks to the untiring exertions of the Executive Commis aioner, Mr. Gresley Lukin, is entirely completed, and the admirable manner in which everything ifl arranged, not leas than the very attractive dis play of exhibits, was the subjeot of general remark and commendation. Great attention has been paid to effect, and the valuable natural pro* ducts of the colony, though sufficient of them selves to arrest attention and invite dose inspec tion, have the additional advantage of being grouped in the manner best calculated to make them conspicuous. In the transept in frontoorfr the court are seen trophies of sugar oane, tin, copper, gold, &&; while within' the" court itself we find excellent samples of the chief products of the colony, such as wheat, farina ceous roots, sugar in great variety, pearlshell, wool, bcjche-de-mer, dugong and its products, fibres, indigenous grasses, forestry, cotton, tobacco leaf, marble, preserves, skins of native animals, saddlery, and many other objeots of interest The balcony whioh adjoins the court, and from whioh a magnificent view of the harbor, the gardens, and other scenery can be had, is laid •ut in a tasteful manner with luxuriant tropical plants which are indigenous to the colony." The Town and Country Journal says :—"The variety and extent of the industries followed in Queens land is admirably displayed by the excellent manner in which everything has been placed in order. The fact of there having been a 'dress rehearsal' at Brisbane for the Garden Palace in July last, although, of course, most materially assisting the Queensland commission, does not in any way detract from the energy shown by the Exeoutiye Commissioner, Gresley Lukin, Esq., since his arrival in Sydney to take charge of his court, and in this he has been ably assisted by his secretary, Mr, G. B. Layton. The situa tion of the court is one of tile best in the build ing, and having a beautiful balcony overlooking the harbor, it is certain to be a great pUce of resort, especially for those visitors who have not, like the favored residents of this city, a maritime panorama constantly- varying, yet ever beautiful, to look upon. The quantity of interesting ex hibits are all too numerous to be dilated upon at one time, and we shall therefore, from time to time, give our readers such particulars of the exhibits as may be of interest to them, and as a means of showing the resources of Australia from Point Danger to Gape York." Thb representative of the Melbourne Argus at the Sydney International Exhibition write* :— Mlt is well for us, I venture to say with all deferenoe to our worthy executive commissioner, who takes just pride iar the work which has been done by his officers, that the Queensland court is in a different avenue of the main building, otherwise the picturesque mode in which the exhibits of that colony have been grouped together might provoke sdme awkward com parisons. Somehow the Queensland people have learned the art of exhibiting to perfection, and always win the admiration of the visitor. The explanation seems to be that they are ever in a state of readiness for exhibitions. Annually they bold very good shows of their own in Brisbane, and the moment they hear of a great affair coming off elsewhere they make a selection of the best artioles available, determine on a good plan of grouping them, and send them away in plenty of time to be carefully and judi dously displayed. It is chiefly' raw materials that Queenslandahows—minerals in great variety, especially auriferous quarts from every goldfield north and south, tin ore, iron ore, galena, Ac; woods in remarkable abundance, out into all sorts of shapes, and polished to exhibit its grain to the fullest advantage ; there is also a 6ft section of a Wide Bay kauri pine ; turnery, principally in the form of curtain poles and rings; leathers and skins ; a pyramid of mother-of-pearl oyster shells ; nome hundredweight of sugar ; stuffed animals and birds ; fibres, with the cordage and ropes made from them ; and, last of all, that ex tensive fascinating gallery of colored photographs which have already boen shown in Europe and the United States, and are now for the first time submitted to the people of Sydney, to make them acquainted with the characteristics of northern landscapes, where the sugar oane is cul tivated, the flocks are grazed, or gold found." National enthusiasm on patriotic anniversaries takes strange shapes. In America these mani festations are of a more exciting nature than entirely accords, we should say, with the tastes of safety-loving citizens. Concerning the great American festival we take the following from the Pall Mall:—" The number of killed and wounded in the celebration of Independence Day in America this year was just under a thousand. New York, thanks to an ordinance by the Board of Aldermen against pistol-firing and crackers, came off with the wonderfully light list of seven people shot dead, twenty-nine daugerunsly hurt, and nineteen conflagrations caused by fireworks. The first victim was tho Dean of the Protestant Episcopal Theological Seminary, shot dead in the college grounds, while taking a moonlight walk, by some incautious patriot anticipating tbe glorious dawn; and the next a well-known writing master—Oliver Goldsmith—who pru dently resolved to go to his office at 7 a.m. to escape the crowd, and was shot in the back on his doorstep. An unfortunate lady had her dress set ou tiro by crackers, aud was burned to death in the street at Mattawan. In the Quaker city, the Philadelphia Rtcwd sa. s, 'the day was i! |phrKN-« in \ v^ry uen*iMe way,' and thus • ■r:iitn-T.itt;s tin; re.-ultd of tLis t>[n-cul pni iti-uce—" Aiui then fallows an extraordinary list of violent death* and moving ausdMit* by knife and b*lL 