Open Column. — Rev. Canon Farr on Absolution. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Mv attention was arrested on looking over your issue of Saturday, 5th inst., by the reported of a sermon preached by Canon Farr in the Semaphore church, from the text—the 20th chap., and 23rd verse of St. John: "Whose sins ye shall remit," &c.; It would appear that, public feeling being a little agitated on the controvers brought forth by the Moul- dev v. Eclum party, we find all our parsons— Greens, Farrs, & Co.—up in arms to sustain what might be considered a falling—(fallen)— cause. Omitting Parson Green at present, we may be permitted to examine Canon Farr's interpretation of a very important sacrament : penance and absolution. Canon Farr seems to have in view three elements—-viz., first—-A desire justify Moulden in his preamble against Elcum; second—-To encourage, prop, and sustain the somewhat tottering conclusions of his little congregation on the doctrine of "Confession of Sins;" and, thirdly, to establish himself as one of the great lights of Christianity —embodied in a congregation of yesterday—or, at least, a recent period. The text, as l read from Haddock's R. C. Bible, runs thus:—"He said to them again: peace be to you. As the Father sent me I also send you. When he said this he breathed on them, and he said to them : Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins ye for- give they are forgiven them, and whose sins ye retail they are retained." Canon Farr told his little audience that there were several people present with the Apostles—in cluding, possibly, women—-whereas the text informs us that the doors were closed by the Apostles for fear of the Jews" (verse 19th.) Hence I would be glad to learn from whence our distinguished Canon received his information concerning the mixed and general character of the persons present when our Lord introduced himself in such a mysterious manner. Mary Magdalene He had sent that morning to an- nounce his manifestation, after arising from the tomb. Perhaps she was present, but not at all likely. If we might be allowed to suppose she was, it is plain our Lord had no idea of sending forth Mary as a confessor, as well as—being in company with—the other ten Apostles (Thomas absent, and Judas non est.) We may safely conclude there were none present, shut in the room, save the Apostles, whom our Lord installed in His divine power by the ceremony of breathing on them, &c.; To my mind the Rev. Canon has had a slight tendency to mislead. I hereby the modest liberty of telling Canon Farr a little bit of news: the secret of this great sacrament of confession by the peni- tent and forgiveness of sins by the Apostles insists wholly and entirely in the ceremony of our Divine Lord breathing on them (the apostles) —in other words, breathing the Divine Spirit into them ; and hence it is that the higher authorities in the Catholic Church (being derived and transmitted from the Apostles) confer this power by again breathing on the person receiving holy orders, which ceremony will most pro- bably continue as long as our Lord has promised to remain with his Church, which is "All days, even to the consummation of the worid" (Math. 28ch., v. 20). The fact of the reformers leaving the ceremony of absolution and the form to be used for the visitation of the sick intact in their book of Common prayer was a little bit of clerical kindness not often experienced. It would appear that the Established Church folk gradually got out of the whole system of both forms and ceremonies, bishops, priests, and pastors, when we see Knox, Wesley, &c.;, &c.;, coming to the front, and other celebrities afterwards, to exhort the fainthearted just emerging from Romanism. The Canon boasts that, so far as he is concerned he was called upon to administer the form to dying persons in his Church only twice in thirty-five years. We may draw two conclusions from thence—namely : the patients were so extremely sanctified as not to need clerical assistance; or the clerical assistance of the Canons stamp was next to fuseless, he lacking some essential authority to administer, &c.; "The Absolution is declaratory. In the exhortation to Holy Communion persons were desired to go to the Minister—not to confess their sins, but to open their grief—and they were to receive absolution, and comfort and advice by the ministry of God's holy word, not by formal declaration." Now, I thought I could understand almost anything spoken in the English language, but I confess l am puzzled this arrangement which looks like a proposition in algebra. How would the illiterate man go about the business of making a clean breast of it ? Imprimis:—Go to the Minister. Open your grief—do not confess your sins! Receive absolution, and comfort and advice —presto ! the thing is done, by a single turn of the wrist. If any man, church or lay, can give advice without first learning the whole nature of one's ailment, he ought to be kept in a dry place and handled with care. The Canon does not believe the stories (Chiniquy's) current about confessions are true, having confidence in the modesty of "English people." The English people should feel complimented when they happen to get a copy of the Canon's sermon, as he himself puts his rhetoric in an exceedingly modest form. What about the people of the other nations of the world, including our South Australia, Canon? One is much inclined to smile at the assurance of some modem divines, who essay to instruct whilst they themselves stand much in need of heavenly wisdom. In conclusion, I beg to say I would follow up the further remarks of the Canon, but I feel that I have already trespassed too much on your valuable space. Let us hope that when preachers of a tempest-tossed and virtually pilotless Church open the inspired Word contained in the book of God (which book has been jealously guarded from heretical pollution and the absurd, vicious translation of degraded priests, infant princes, and lustful kings, by our martyred forefathers) that they will give us at least the text unabridged, unadorned, pure, and simple. And please do not flatter yourself, Rev. Canon, that your comments, and yours only, are righteous and correct. Remember you are only a man, and cannot boast of having derived your information from divine manifestation in any portion of God's kingdom; perhaps even the breathing imbibed at your ordination might be derived from a questionable authority, materially lacking God's mission or approbation. We can all have an opinion, and could cite very weighty authorities to bear us out in our convictions for the past 1840 years; and allow me to say your interesting sermon was based on grounds too narrow and subtle for the intellects of the people of the present generation. I am, Sir, truly yours, P. K. Alberton, July 7, 1879. 