CHILDREN'S COLUMN. LONE TOM AND HIS DOG. In three Chapters. CHAPTER II. BST AUGUSTA LARNED. This was reassuring ; but it was more so to find, when they returned to the house, that Mrs. Disbrow had retired for the night. Tom crept to the little chamber, severe and cold, like an ice-box, where he was to sleep. The walls were whitewashed ; a blue checked curtain hung at the window, with folds as stiv.ight as Mrs. Disbrow's gown; and the bed was as hard and narrow as a grave. A cherry tree grew close beside the window, and moonlight shimmered through its boughs. For four years Fido had slept every night by his master's bedside. This was t'icir first separation, and poor Tom bore it very ill. Strung up by nervous anxiety, his sense of hearing was painfully quickened, and he could clearly discern from the direction of the carriage-house, a low continuous whine—almost a s b. It went on for an hour and then rose to the pitch of a solemn howl; not loud, but most heart-broken and disconsolate. The boy new Mrs. Disbrow was awake. He seemed to be lying on thorns, and a cold prespiration broke out over his body. It was past midnight. He had heard the slow-going clock down in tho kitchen strike twelve. On the strength of a sudden resolve, he slipped into his clothes, and it was only a moment's work to let himself down to the ground by aid of the big cherry-tree, that almost reached its friendly boughs in .it the window. He made as little noise as a cat, for he was in his stocking feet, and carried his shoes in his hand. He remembered just where Mr. Disbrow had hung the carriage-house key. As soon as the door opened, Fido leaped up and began to snuflle, and whine, and whimper with pure joy. Tom fairly took the poor brute in his arms and cried over him—such tears as he would have been ashamed of in the daylight; but which came out of the deep, lonesome places of his young life. And the dog sympathised as well as he knew how. He could discern almost every motion of his master's mind by gazing intently in his face. He knew now how he suffered, by pressing his shaggy head against the boy's heaving breast. The morning light stole in, and found the two friends asleep on tiie straw, and locked, as it were, in each other's arms. Tom started up, feeling as if he had committed a deadly sin ; for how could he return to the house and escape the lynx eye of Aunt Disbrow ? It was not in human art to do it, for there at the back window of the sitting-room she stood, looking like the ghost of departed joy. She was clad in a long, scant morning wrapper, with her front hair skewered in flat circlets against her withered face. " Now, why were you prowling round in the dark?" she inquired, in a biting tone. ' I heard you clambering down through the boughs of the apple-tree, past midnight, and I felt as if I could get up and wring that dog's neck with as good a grace as ever 1 ate my dinner. Not one blessed wink of Bleep came to my eyes until after two o'clock. Now speak up. What have you got to say for yourself V' To speak up, or even to look up, was more than poor Tom could do! Wis face revealed the depths of the dumb, hopeless dejection. " I was afraid," he at last faltered, nervously twisting a button on his jacket, " L was afraid Fido would disturb you, and I thought—" " Oh, yes ! you thought," interrupted Mrs. Disbrow ; "as if a brute beast had feelings a body must be mighty careful not to injure. If that dog belonged to me I would thrash him within an inch of his life. And now I am going to say, once for all, that I won't be broke of my rest and have the peace of my life destroyed." " Yes, nia'ain," returned Tom, exactly as if he had been acquiescing in his death-sentence ; and then he crept away out of sight. Mr. Disbrow has been put in possession of all the facts, for his wife had not failed to pour her complaints into his drowsy ear. lie knew most of the ins and outs of her nature, for he had studied those curious angles for twenty- five years. For this new evil, the dog distemper, he had a remedy prepared. At the breakfast-table Mr. Disbrow carved the steak, while his wife, more gloomily bilious and dyspeptic than usual, poured the coffee as if she held a grudge against that excellent beverage. Tom sat in his place, feeling that he would like to make himself invisible. " That dog of yours was kind of uneasy last night," began the master of the house. " Ho hasn't got tho hang of his new quarters yet. I suppose you have been iu the habit of keeping together nights, and, if you wouldn't feel lonesome out there, you might havo your bed put up in the room that was finished off fir a hired man when we kept more help than we do now. Hannah could step out every morning and set things to rights. It is a good tidy place, all lathed and plastered, like a regular chamber, and you would be - every bit as well off there as here. It's only the notion of the thing. If you don't mind sleeping away from folks, you can have as much of your dog's company as you like." "I shouldn't mind it at all. I am used to it, and I thank you, sir," stammered Tom, half choked with gratitude. " I don't approve of the plan," said Mrs. Disbrow, severely. " I wouldn't condescend to humor that dog, and coax him to let Christians rest at iiiuht. If he were well whipped a few times, he would probably learn manners." " Let me manage this, Didamy," returned Mr. Disbrow, in his most soothing tones. " You can manage the whole thing, for all me, Luther. I wasn't cousulted in the first place." Poor Tom crept out, feeling what a bitter thing it is to bo a stumbling-stone and a rock of offence in a well-regulated family. There were a few light chores—his allotted work. Mr. Disbrow had kindly and patiently explained everything, and, though the boy was slow and plodding, he was very faithful. In a few days the boy's life wore for itself a little groove. He slept in the barn-chamber, and avoided the house. At meal-time he always scrupulously wiped his feet on the mat, and hung his hat on the self-same peg. He obeyed all his aunt's laws, and gave her the least possible trouble. But she did not like him, and bis feeling towards hei was unmixed dread, which the dog shared so completely ho would slink away with his tail between his legs, even at the flutter of her gown in the dis- tance. By her neighbors Mrs. Disbrow was counted a shining light, a pattern of virtue; but there was an unregenerate fibre in her which would have vibrated agreeably if she could have overtaken Tom in some iniquity. She stole out at night, in her slippers, with the hope of pouncing upon the boy in the act of striking matches or burning a candle in the barn. But she was never repaid for her trouble. Tom and tho dog always went to bed in the dark. If she had listened with a sympathetic ear, she might sometimes have heard a sound of sobbing, for the lad was a poor sleeper, and the aching in his heart for love and sympathy and home, and for the mother who would never come amain to give her boy a good-night kiss, was always worse when he lay awake in the dark. One day, Tom was carrying a pitchfork full of fresh grass across the door-yard lawn, when Mrs. Disbrow called to him angrily, yet with an exultant tone she scarcely tried to disguise. " Now. sir, what do you suppose your miserable, good-for-nothing doff has been doing ?" " I don't know, ma'am,' faltered Tom, beginning to quake so that part of his load slipped from the fork. " The wretch has carried off our Sunday joint through the cellar window." Mrs. Disbrow's Sunday dinner was a very chilly meal. She had everything served cold, for she considered it wicked to heat herself and the viands on the Lord's day ; and if indigestion ensued, it was counted in the order of discipline. "Oh! ma'am," returned Tom, when the power of speech came back to him, " Fido is not a sneak thief. He never stole anything in his life. I know him ever since he was a small pup." " You need not contradict me," rasped Mrs. Disbrow, the sallow hue of her countenance turning a sa<re green. "I tell you he did steal the meat; for what other creature is there on the place to do such -A dirty piece of work ? I would have the sneak shot out of hand ; but Mr. Disbrow is too chicken-hearted and, to make sure, he has gone and set a big spring-trap. I tell him it isn't safe to keep the animal about; for if he gets a taste of fresh meat the neighbours' sheep may disappear, and then we shall have damages to pay." Tom did not trust himself to answer this tirade. He was slow to wrath ; but now his breast was heaving with a storm of indignation. He took up the pitchfork with its fragrant burden, and moved off to the stable with a slow and heavy step. The suspicion cast upon Fido was as odious to him as if the charge had been made against a human friend. The boy had no one to love save this poor dumb brute, and he gave- him the loyal affection of his young heart. After reflecting a while, Tom whistled to the dog, who was smelling about the roadside some little distance away. He knew Fido WHS innocent; but the idea that Mrs. Disbrow hated him and would sooner or late* compass his death took firm hold of the lad's mind. The two friends walked slowly across the green meadow to the alder-fringed brook. If the dog must die, Tom thought it would be kinder to put him out of the way tearfully and as a sacrificial act than to have him shot by order of his enemy, or mangled in a trap, or poisoned with arsenic. ' Poor old fellow, you will forgive me," he said, mutely, while a thick mist obscured his sight. They sat down now, just as they had many a time before, to take their dinner together. There were big stones lying about on the bank. It would bo easy to brain the dog in a moment of confidcnce, when he was licking and fawning on the hand that meant to do the treacherous deed. There would be a plunge in the water, a few ineffectual gasps and writhings. That was all. Tom had heard that death by drowning is easy. The clog, seeing his master's gloom, crawled up and rubbed his shaggy head against the boy's knee, and wagged his tail with unutterable sympathy, and licked his hands all over, and gave him a thou-atid mute tokens of endearment. His eyes were such fountains of humble fidelity and trust and love that Tom began to feel as guilty as a murderer. His resolution died completely out. lie could sooner cut off his right hand than hurt a hair of the old and homely friend who had been faithful to him so many long years. They would still cling together, and hope for some means of escape into a sweeter and better life. The boy and dog lingered down"by the brook until chore-time, and then went reluctantly home. ' Hullo, Tom," called Mr. Disbrow. "Seethe ugly customer I have just caught in the Bpringtrap," and ho held up to view a big barn-cat, a fierce creature, bristling all over like a hedge-hoc and with great glaring yellow eyeballs. The innocence of Fido had been established, the dog's reputation was cleared; but that night at supper nothing was said. Mrs. Disbrow made it a point never to acknowledge herself in the wrong. Tom hated to stay in her presence ; for her injustice cut him deeply. He could do nothing but fumble with his knife and fork. After he had left tlie room, Mr. Disbrow remarked as he again helped himself to the mashed potato— "I am afraid, Didamy, you havo hurt Tom's feelings about 4the dog. He is sensitive, you know, Mid, for my part I should not like to wrongfully accuse a dumb beast." " You thought it was the dog yourself ! You know you did !" replied his wife spiritedly. " I am not going to get down on to my knees to that boy. If he don't eat the good, comfortable victuals set before him, he may go without. He ought to leap for joy to get a home like this, when ho was never used to anything before in his life. His mother was a miserable poor housekeeper, and they were always short of provisions. You would suppose the boy would show some grain of gratitude for what he gets. But, instead of that, he goeB moping and sulking about, as if somebody had abused him. I do his mending and darn his socks regulary, every week, with my own hands. I should like to know what more is expected of me V' " Didaray"— here Mr. Disbrow cleared his throat. He was about to exercise the unaccustomed privilege of conjugal criticism. " I wouldn't watch the boy so closely. Let him feel freer about the place, and not as if there was a detective on his track. It's a good many years since I had much to do with young folks, and mores the pity; but I know a boy of that age can't thrive in a strait-jacket. For my part, I should like to hear him sing indoors and out, and to see him growing rosy and plump like a robin in tho tree. (To be continued.) 