[?] 'Easter holiday makers this year had ho cause of complaint against those amiable !car terers for public amusement, theatrical mauai, gers. The good things provided were as a rule wholesome and substantial, and of a nature so varied that all tastes might well be satisfied. Those who desired high art and the lyric drama had the Opera House open to them ; the lovers of the truly legitimate found their taste3 gratified by Mr. Eignold at the Academy of Music in his manly and intelligent impersona tion of ' Cianeavty ; those who revel in sensa tionalism, the sweet illusions of the melodrama, and Mr. Greville's comic humor, had a:rare treat afforded them at the Eoyal ; . moralists and supporters of the temperance movement had a congenial entertainment at the Princess's, where Ten Niglits-m -a Bar Eoom continued for the eighth week to show the shocking con sequence of over indulgence in alcohol.; while people with less dignified notions of entertain ments sought fun and relaxation in the nigger minstrelsy ami music hall eccentricities at St. George's Hall. It was satisfactory to ob serve that the various, houses mentioned were well supported during the week, and that in more than one instance the pieces selected are likely to have a run. The Eoyal Pardon or the House on the Cliff is one of those, pieces designed to please the popular rage for that the- admixture of the horrible, the humorous arid the ; sentimental which is better known as the sen sational drama. "We suppose'that on the well known principle that thbso who live to please, must please to live it is only natural that there should be found authers to write, and managers to play, most critics would designate sheer, rubbish, «2f the public relisli this description of pabulum the demand brings about the supply, and . i%atres are, after all, merely commercial un ;der takings, we must .accept with a good grace .what.it . please th the entrepreneur to give us. A j a piece of the kind alluded to, the Eoyal Pardon is 'excellent. It affords fine scope to the scenic .artist-aiid .-stage. carpenter. Indeed the ; en scene was-iiifinitely beyond the i merits of a play wliioh, however actable, possesses no claim to literary ability except 'such as technical .knowledge .'of. stage business confers. The plot : hinges on a murder; committed by - Joseph Milbanke, . i clerk - to unscrupulous ; usurer, who kills' Captain Sea. : field, , a returned shipmaster, for the sake of some - money and . jewels which lie "knows are in his possession. . The. deed is done at .night in . an .hotel: kept, by l'aill Markham, the hero . of - the ; ' piece, on whom : Milbanke contrives . that suspicion shall'- fall. Markham is tried,- convicted, and sentenced to death on circumstantial evidence but bis. sentence being commuted to transpor tation for, life, "he is sent beyondqthe seas in a conyict;ship, Hews coming thai the siiip is lost, Milbanke, who has .changed 'bis name induces Markham's supposed, widow to many him, 'which she does in order to secure a home ; .for .-herself and daughter. Some yearn elapse . and Markham, who was not lost as was' sup posed, returns expecting to meet his wife and child,; "but find? the former married to Mil banke. By the aid of Jacob Tottcrag, who in the commencement of the piece figures as a drunken schoolmastfk, and of Harry Seaficld, .'son of Captain Seafield, and' the- betrothed ofi , Markham's . daughter, clues., arc discovered . which 'eventually bring home the hiunier to Milbanke as principal, and to -liis erstwhile master, but now partner, as accessory after the_ fact. ; Poetic justice is. done, and the piece ends in the usual satisfactory manner. On'e of the. most attractive and. meritorious features, of the production as' represented was Mr. Henhings's scenery. The first'two sets— . the House on the Cliff and the scene, upon the Thames with the boats passing to i arid fro— are- painted and contrived with. exquisite taste, elaboration and finish that reflects, the highest .credit upon the artist.' It ihuste. be. acknow ledged that the mounting of the pie.ee was un exceptionable iii every particular, 'As. regards the actihg Mr. Greville had the. host, part, and .it was a congenial one to an actor of his broad humor. ' He is supposed to' assume three dis tinct characters, namely, a besotted school master, who ghoS'ts his acquaintances. even to a chambermaid at the inn " for a pint next as a broken- down but volatile tragedian, whp re lates his adventures in the most mirtli- provok- ingstrain; and then as a speculative Frenchman who is anxious to invest his money in a bubble company floated by the villain of the piece. In the first two characters Mr. Greville was quite at home, but he Bhone particularly as the -tragedian. We have seldom heard -eucIi "out bursts. of hearty and genuine laughter as he elicited from his audience. His get. up was a study, and the recital of his failure upon the boards at Drury Lane -Theatre -would have made an anchorite forswear asceticism. As the Frenchman, however, he was not quite up to the mark. Mr. GrevilleJHns soldo»> <y>pcnred to better advantage than as Fitzroy Grosvenor, the dilapidated actor. Mr. Dampicr in the part of Paul Markham played move quietly and naturally than usual. He' was less stilted and demonstrable, and very -properly avoided pushing the action of the part beyond its legitimate limits. Iri the first act especially he seemed to studiously refrain from indulging in those faults of his which arise from a mannerism that he -seems /unable to overcome. Mr. Carey as. the villain was notr without merit. .The part suited him and his peculiar style of acting. - Mr. Taylor as young ;Swindledowii had a mean and thankless part assigned him, and he endeavored, to make the most of it. "Mr. Caesar's character part of the decrepit boatman. was admirable in every re spect, ' Miss Anstead played with ease and grace the part of Markham's wife; aud Miss- Carrihgton could not be bettered as the ser vant-maid Peggy. This young lady exhibits -ari aptitude in such parts that affords ground for believing sbe may, aspire to fill much more im portant Hies. <: . . ; Tom Taylor's historical drama of Clancarty was played on Saturday night at the Academy of Music. This piece is likely to take a posi tion amongst the standard productions of the English stage. It is not particularly powerful or witty ; the situations are not by any means novel or the characters original ; at the same time the plot embodies a romantic incident \- connected with an interesting period of Eng- : lish history with which most readers are more or less familiar, and the surrounding circum stances are so judiciously dove-tailed as to ar rest and sustain attention. The dialogue is smartly written, and the characters well de fined. That of Clancarty is especially incised. It finds in Mr. Ilignold an able impersonator. This "gentleman, barring a somewhat rapid ut terance, has achieved a marked success in the part. Ah ordinary actor would have fallen into the mistake of rendering it more Irish and less nice. The author, too, judging from many of the modern well known phrases put in the hero's mouth, intended that he should be a pronounced specimen of the stage Hi bernian gentleman, who despite education and social refinements is supposed to lie little better than a bogtrotter. Mr. Eignold has got a slight brogue of his own, but lie endea vors to restrain it. He does not fall >nt . error of allowing the audience to suppose that Clancarty is not a gentleman, though a some what rough and ready soldier. He approx> mates the character somewhat to the idea that Lever conveys of his well-bred Irishman, which does 110 violence to nature or to na tional pride. Clancarty is jovial even in diffi culties, de'voted to the ladies, not aveise to a .passage at arms if provoked, loyal te hi® sovereign, faithful to his creed, even though both are banned and their adherents outlawed. 'His misfortunes only develop the mercuriality of his disposition, and like all the Jacobites ot " tlie day he seems to think that the king woul have liis ' own again. Mr. Eignold possesses the physique and rumbustious style that ®";rY.c to faithfully portray a character of this k ma- There is a cheerfulness and bonhomie in hi0 repres'eiitatiriri that at once enlists the favor or an audience, and as the play proceeds tn good impression created increases rather than diminishes, At the end of the first act no ' . . , f.ily improves upon tlie text by introducing liking scene, but for which tlie act would j very tamely. According to the original /toe curtain falls as the conspirators are dnnk- i g the stirrup-cup preparatory to their start :or Iiondon. Mr. Rignold, however, makes he band fall upon and seek to pinion Clan/ arty, to-prevent him from disclosing the plot , igainst the king's life ; and it is only after si jtrnggle that he seizes a sword and contrives 'to effect his escape through the window. , Per/ haps this does not altogether accord with the subsequent fact of-his having personally sought and warned the > conspirators of Goodman's trcacherj'. However, for stage purposes there can be no doubt that, tlie alteration is for the better. Mr. Rignold makes love after' the em phatic manner of his counti-men, but we1 think he might impartTlessfervor to some of ! the scenes.. Very possibly a ma,n circumstanced as ' Lpiw Clancsiriy was, on meeting and becoming /known /to his wife, aftear a separation/often .' years, would indulge in somewbat ' extrayhgant dtinoralriritiaris:o£ affection; but .it 'is not; ne- ' c'essary that! in a: dramatic representation : frenzied the/lip's of the young 'lady, who: happeiis - tb play the part of the wife.'", Mr.-.Hignold may like; fit/" but' it ' makes' : his / audience ''uncomfortable. In the more emotional parages; Mr.1 Eignold does not seem so much afr hoirie. /'"His soldier-like tem- ' p<stuo»s:|styler is; not calculated to express; those purer arid mote delicaite" shades of thought and feeling. Still his Clahcarty/ as a whole, was weU; balanced and consistent Though boisterous .it was ; gentiemahl y, / though1 : a. trifle: ad captand im-perfectiy free/from the least < ajpproME''io''lgiiriirjr. ''He evoked repeated expressions of applause, ' .arid ' each night's pert 'formance has added to 1 his popularity. Miss " Tanner,! as EadyCffaiicarty, is lady-iike and' dignified, and exhibits a; very intelligent pert ception.'of the:part. . Mrs. Hall makes aii ex cellent Lady Betty -Noel, and" Mr. Hall ele vates Gooidwiri- out' of 'the region of iiediocrity. Mrs. Wobldridge is' to, be 'commended- highly for her rendering of tlie somewhat'tequivpcaJ part of Mother Hunt; ' :/'" -''/""/ '"i . ' ' Ten Nights in- a; Bar-room: has kept the boards at the Princess's during the week to ' good houses: - , - V; ' Donizetti's Lucia di Lariimermoor was given ' at the Princc bf Wales , Opera House on the 11th inst;/: fdr 'the first': time, this season, serving to introduce Madaihe' Rose -Hereee in. Italian opera."' The success of the'ehtertain- ment was entirely due "to ' tlie artistic efforts of-'this lady-,- who ?thfpughoiit: sang ' With the skill of a conscientious and accomplished- vocalist, aid evinced in ; a high degree, the possession' of histrionic ability! Her opening air, Regnaya nel Silenzib; ' ' was giveii - with tbarrting -expression, ahd:; the, : ornate passages were rendered with facile - arid delicate modulation. In that portion of the number commencing ' Quango rapito she gave proof of- the ' even; flexibility and culture of her voice, . the numerous runs being given with purity of tone, and with all the flowing smoothness of a ; skilled songstress. At the ' conclusion of the cavatina she was greeted with' loud . applause. In the.duet with, Edgardo, Sulla tomba che rinserra; she was most successful. The passage, / Deh ti placa, was.given with true pathetic feel- , ing, while the spirit infused into Qui di /sposa, f when swearing before the face of heaven to be i the bride of Eavenswood alone/formed a-j powerful contrast to' the subdued emotion ! woven into the melody in which she essays to | calm tKo .of her suspicious lover; In' j tlie passages commencing Ah si su quel pegno 1 Madame Hersde ' called . to her aid all, the ' graceful lights and - shades of harmony to ex- j pte83;her-unalterable -I6vc' for Edgardo, thb subdued sustained notes being 'made to convey, the whispered accents of emotional intensity. In the duet II palor funesta, which occurs during the /marriage scene,' 'Madame HeraiSe; sang charmingly ; and in the beautiful quar tet Chi Vraffrena il mio /furore; her clear high-notes and admirable execution produced an artistic /effect which - wak enthusiasticaEy recognised by tlie audience." To .her -.singing in -the -finale T'AlIoritaria seiaguvato was it duethat tlie principals were honored with a call before thecurtain. Madame Hersde's. greatest triumph was, however, ih the mad scene. She acted -. with' syriipatlietic - naturalness and patlietical- simplicity, - and the music in which tlio expression of the wandering/Fancies of the heroine is clothed by tlie composer waA. Ireiitlered: in a manner that stamped .the songstress as. a. thorough artist.- The aria, Al£m , son tua, yas a . splendid specimen of , ornate, vocalisation. The II- dolce suono . preceding. the reffitdtiye,. TJrigelo mi Serpeggia, ; was tinged \witli , F lyrical /pathos; ' and. in the passage ; beginning Ohi Mer Sorge, .- the forte and ' prolonged G ' sharp was mado to embody = a' very -world bf terrbr and affright. The - andante' passage; Ah l'inno - suona . di nooze, was a masterpiece of florid vocalisation. Throughout j the : number : Madame. "Hersde. proved h'eraelf- /an adept- in -the' use - bf those elaborate gems of harmonised- sound that, 'constitute, -.thel " highest- : forin--,— of' lyrical nuance. " The delicate cadenza, very echo to thb notes o'f the . flute ih! the orbhes-. tra, tlie briEiaut runs, the elaborate ' staccato' transitipns from the lower ,'to the higher notes ! cf . the .register, and the shake, the highest orna-; mentation of music, were ; all rendered with an absence of anything like effort, and accordingly : a consummate grace and finish. Signor Taladini was the Edgardo of the occasion, but was not, -unnfortunately, in good form.. The other artists do not oall.for comment. ; 