riiAPTKi; in. 1C N <; LAND S TIL I Five additional yours have been told oil on tlie head-roll of time, live years are hut as a day in tlie fecund fancy of tlie poet—so do not fear, there is no very serious disintegra tion of tin' i ndy of Time contemplated— silica' the ominous cry of “mad dog” was heard on the roads around Teeveeiieendhruga shaw, and since the solemn cone-lave in Alul dooids eahin, on the vital question, hatin orno Latin, was summarily dissolved by the spell of that dread cry. Five years. Ah, I lie changes that, live short- years bring about, changes political, changes social, changes moral, changes material, perhaps live new Prime Ministers, certainly fifty new fashions, any number of new fanglcd theories, and at least one hundred thousand of the Queen's juvenile subjects metamorphosed into men ! In this latter mutation, behold Sarslield Muldoon! hook at him narrowly, bearded like a pard. blacker than the raven’s wing as to his maiden moustache, proud of mien and agile of motion : Idled with thoughts of high emprise, Hushed with hope, confident ol vic tory, for he lias the Latin ! The day has come at last-. The day on which the seeds of the sciences sown in the brain of young .Muldoon by the leaching oi Mr. Bradv the master, are to spring up in happy fruition, or be blasted with blight ol failure ; when the fine figures of the sweet La.tinify pictured by the pencil of Mr. Moyle, shall he blazoned on a luminous page or blur red in a, random scribble. Kumves! thou where Camion Low, London is? There lie (here a. pla.ee, hauided by the ghosts of unhappy men, who, wooing; in vain flic smiles of that mighty enchantress, ihe Civil Service, have (jolie dark deeds, and perished. There he there a perpetual inquisi tion, wl icre wise, grave and learned men do sit and sift evidence, or order the ordeal, as certain by torture the least, smack of heresy against the accepted dogma, id' human know ledge, and pronounce, not on the eternal fit ness of things, but on the temporal aptitude of men for every possible pursuit irmii the sweeping of an oflieeto the administering- of an empire ! Yes, verily, “ potent, grave, and reverend seigniors ’ he iheyol ( aiuion how.. They will siff thee with their sieves, they will weigh thee w ith their weights. They are as inexorable as I ate. Here then it was on a. line summer's morn ing not. long ago that young Sarslield Mul (loon. and some twenty ot her Bril ish sub jects, assembled t o give, evidence of an illi W a verillg orthodoxy in certain well deiined canons ol culture, and thus attest their anxiety and abi lity to serve their country in a civil capacity, in that essentially civil branch service, the Board of Trade. And as (I sup pose from the naturally lluetua t ing character of the industries ol this realm), the said Board required of Ihe twenty-one candidates hut live on this part ictilar occasion, i( billowed that, the afore-mentioned inquisitors were in duty bound to so arrange the inky ordeal, that sixteen would be traders should perish. Is it not therefore natural to conclude that. o;ieh youthful aspirant ascended the (In-ary I light'of steps leading to this temple of top tore with feelings somewhat, akin to those oi ;i mail mounting ihe gallows V There was certainly hope in each bosom ; there was re morse in each bosom ; remorse I or opportuni ties lost, and hours squandered, and here their consciences were at one willi that ol the a I on -said doomed erii i dual. '[’lie occasion was solemn, am 1 so Mr. Moyle, the (ireek. thought it (for he was there), as 1,,- slapped his pupil on the hack, and said, \-- Now. Muldoon. yer sow Is ye ! show llieso Luglish bucks that they rear men and make scholars al Teeveeueendhrilgashaw. They have brought all our Irade over here— we must follow it ! 'We’ll swamp the Board on them, my hov. FmV, my hoy, think ol Patrick ' Be ter Muldoon. ymir venerable father. and of his wile, your mother ; think ol" me, your humble tutor ; think ol ould Ireland think of Tceveeneeiidhrugasliaw. I "mV, I tile ! ” And Mr. Moyle, the (ireek, with a 1ear m his ey e. retin d to a modest tavern hard by to await the first (lav’s inquisition. ( To he co)it'uive<1, ) 