? At the City Folice Oourt yesterday, befors Messrs Lewis and bhoppw, J. P., Mr D'Arcy Bead, prop.ietor of the Ghost entertainment, was charged witn assaulting a railway porter named Frederick Holmes, at the Western station on ths 28th ultimo. Mr Watson for the defence. It appears that one of Mr Bead's employes took some parotls to the station to be taken to Melbourne, and placed them on the platform. One of the porters took them inside, and vrtien Mr Bead cams Hohnes xefnaed to give them up untQ oertain " cloak room fees" had been paid. Mr Bead thereupon went to take the parcels, when, according to the evidenoe tor the defence, Holmes pushed him back, and Mr Bead in return pushed Holmes, who tripped over the platform scales and fell, the result of which was that Mr Bead was given in charge for assault. The following evidenoe was taken: — Frederick Holmes, porter, deposed that on the evening of the 28th instant he was on duty at the parcels offiso at the Western station. Defendant was taking some paroels cut of the cloak-room without psytng, and witless told him not to do so. Defendant then tried to tike the parcels by f-rce, and witness tried to Eton him, whereupon defendant knocked him over the scales. Witnese then got up and gave defendant in charge Cross-examined—The luggage was on the the paroels olfioe, when witness placed having received it from the parcels porter: ix was on the platform at first. Defendant said be had a pass for 5 cons of goods, but could not produce it. Witness wanted to make defendant piy the cloak-room cues. He denied pushing defendant away. W. L Morgan, paroeis clerk, deposed that when defendant was taking tbe tercels, the last witness asktd if defendant was to be allowed to taketbem. Witness said no. U'te porter interfered, ad defendant knocked the porter aown. Cross- examined—^The department became responsible for luggage when it came into its custody. The luggage was to go by the 1130 train, but did not go. Defendant eaf d they were all crawlers, and there was not a gentleman amonget them. William Duncan, parcels pcrl-r. said It was usual to give a ticket when goods were taken charge cf by the department, but no ticket was given in this esse. John Mnllhoiland, porter, stated that 4s 6d clbak-room dues was asked. Defendant refused payment on the ground that be bad a pass. William Davidson, in tLe employ o! defendant, deposed that he took a number ol panels to the station for defendant. Ee did not place them in the cloak-room, but left them on the plattorm. In the evening, witness found that tbe parcels had been taken into the cloak-room When defendant came witness tedd him what had been done. Defendant went to the station, master, and explained that he had a written authority from the traffic manager to earry a certain amount of luggage. The etationmaster said be would not aCow defendant to take the parcels without producing his authority.' lie fondant men went to the cloak-room, and told witness to count the paroels and take them to tbe carriage. These wen small parcels, five or six In number, that thsy were entailed tobetakenaa passenger luggage. As soon as defendant put a ooup'-e of the panels oS .the trolly on which they were lying, tiolmee rushed against defendant, snatched the parcel out of his hand, and said be should not take any ol tie things till he paid lor them. Defendant said the propsr y wae his. and he would fake ft, and be then pushed aside Holmes, who fell backover the platform scales. There was no blow struck. After some further discussion, the defendant was given in ch&rge.; Cross-examined—Defendant bad travelled previously with 5 toes of luggage, and bad never been charged fer personal luggage at an; of the stations. They had travelled on this line tef" re without extra charge since tbe present stafiozanasterhad been there. W. J. Gates deposed that the porter Holmes was most insolent, in language and bearing when defendant went to get his leggage. While the stationinaster was being SBUI for Holmes turned to one of the derks and eaid, « What shall we do with this man?' rrhe stationmaster called Holmes into his room, and when defendant followed he was ordered out. When defendant went to take the small articles of luggage Holmes pushed Ma away. Defendant in return pushed Holmes, who tripped over Lhe soalee standing behind him. Subsequently tbe affair seemed to be settled, and deSendant was about to pay the dnee when the station master cam* up, and said be would put an end to tbe mailer, and that he would elart ihe train, Tbe siatfnntnirffr then sent for a constable, and told him to take defendant's name. Subsequently bB heard that defendant had struck Holmes, and said - Give him in ch£r£e. n Holmes sail hr would sign ths chargestuicea, and the can was ttareirae dismissed. 