A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TBTTXG TO ESCAPE. (DubU, DapatA. #h Jvbj). A EU-' named James Montgomery, on bail far bonestealing, who was being escorted to Coon amble by Constable Brown, of Curban, waa abot on 1st July whilst attempting to escape. When about two miles from Coonamble he tried to indnce the constable to promiBe not to om certain evidence *£?'«?*? him, and on Brown refusing the prisoner suddenly struck him twice an the back of the neck with a atkfc, saying, ' Then take that, you ? .' Brown, who was taken unawares, was «^niT'*-1 ? for a moment by tite unlooked-for attack— ao much so that he nearly fell out of his saddle. Aa soon as Montgomery had struck Brown he gallnprd into the scrub. Brown in a few moments recovered his consciousness, and saw about 130 yards of? prisoner and his horse on ti-e ground, both in the act of raaog. Hk horse, it appeared afterwards, baa, while galloping, put bis tore fact into a bole sal fallen down. Brown, whea he saw the pri «ner in thi. plight, mbed ap to him. .3, cuveuug tarn with taa revolver, called, anon him 'to stand, at the aame time ordering Wnrnphrira. the proaeeator, who was in their company, to otch MmHinawry's horse, life id so, and was nSttold by Brown (who had prisoner at3I covered with the revolver) to pattfae andcans on Montgomery. Aa saon as the prisoner heard fte purport of the order, be swore he woaU not allow himself to be handcuffed, and that he would Idll the pair of tbem if they at tempted to do so. HnuiiihrW aaturauy was frightened to approach him, as be fully be lieved prisoner, lieing tben a ill an. 1 ill man, wonM attempt to carryhia violent tmrrta intn fTfwrlipn Noticing Himiphriesa mdrriaimi. Montgomery tttrnod to Brown andeaid, 'Let me get on tie horse and 111 go quietly with yon to Coonamble. I esaae nthjoa aaietty an day, and ID sit the rest of the way with yon quietly, bat I wont ham the handcufla on.' Brown replied, 'WeD, imnsmsf. Dont fay to escape, or IHamwt yon.' Prisoner tben mounted nil horse, Brown returned ms revolver to his bolster. and, aa he did .u, Montgomery immediately galloped off towards the Ckstkreagh. The lzooper(v]»badlaKlnuneaoa in an bands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, bnt sang out* *' Qatch ne aov. jou ? ^ if yoa can.' Brown drew his revolver and went in pursuit, calling on prisoner to stand or he would certainly sboot him. The escapee took no notice, beyond turning round inlus saddle and laughing at the policeman. Brown, now «AJrf~; fa. Srt^M.*. Mootaomerv— to snow mm that Ins threats wen; not empty ones— fired two shot, over his head; but they had no effect on the prisoner, who continued still to gallop away. He went down the bank of the Casdereagh, billowed by Brown- The trooper's horse here ran him against a tree and knocked him out of theaaddle. Brown jumped to his feet immediately, and again called on the prisoner to stand, but no notice was taken of t&e; order. The poOeeman then, seeing bis man was Ekery to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out; 'Oh, Holy Ghost, you shot me,' but be did not seem to the trooper as She had been struck. Brown now mounted has borae, and '™J ''? p— ». .— n~- — «?- j-r— _ fe. stand, and again firing over his head, in the hope that fear would induce him to surrender. Montgomery, however, was not to be intimi dated— he contained fats coarse, singing out as the shot was fired— 'That's twoTnow catch me, you wretch, if you can.' Brown, finding there was no fnambnity of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery, as be did ao, yelled out, 'Thstfa three,' pulled up his horse and dismounted. Brown rode up to him, and, not thinking be was mi-tor. n» the dusk it was impossible to see if his shots had taken effect— he again called npon him to «—«??*»? and Mont gomery said, 'Tve bad enough.— jon have shot me three times. I'm kmed-Tin killed T He then stepped away a pace from Ida horse, and fell faactnrds downtfae bank. The constable got off his borae, lifted the man's bead up the bank of the stream, got some water, nathed his face, and told Hnsapbaes (who about this time rejoined him) to ride in hastily to Corwutnhle for a doctor and a spring cart, as he believed |siwai-T was dying. Humphries went, as desired, aad Mont gomery, who never spoke again, i-~ ^im~J to breathe for about ten mmnfa^ and then ex pired. At'the inquest heH the jury returned a verdict of jra^faH^ homicide. 