CORRESPONDENCE. THE SCEPTRE OR THE CROSIER-WHICII ? To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir, — None can be an unconcerned spectator in the wordy warfare evoked by that most in judicious and unprovoked quadrupal assault upon our collective civil liberties : and hence. vory greatly as I dislike roligiouB orgonisations for political purposes, it cannot be donied that the four combined prelatos of Now South Wales have compelled non-papilists to unito in defence of The Sceptre. Unhappily the majority of the colonial electorates consist of ill-educated men, thoir intellectual growth stunted, and thoir theological attainments also of a most cloudy and misty choraoter ; throe-fifths at least of our constituencies can neither discriminate nor appreciate between tho privileges of the Crown and the claims or usurpations of the Mitre. Political science (civil economics) is not studied iu our schools ; moral philosophy is as unstudied as sundry natural sciences, and honco many journalists exhibit such sentiments, as bearing upon constitutional government, that obedience to tho civil magistracy is seldom inculcated. So also in the pulpits ; how seldom do we hoar any preachers discourse upon such a text as this— "Put them in mind to obey magistrates, to bo in subjection to civil princes and powers, and to be ready to ovory good work (pros pan ergon agathon)''— for is it not a matter of the highest religious obligation that privy con spiracies, seditions, and rebellions organisations should be suppressed; and if snch was the apostolio dogma of Paul, as enjoined in his episcopal charge, can any learned man soy he differed therein from Simon Peter, or that the Church is bound to hear and obey the fisherman, rather than the tentmaker. Then, what says Barjonah, after he was converted from bis wordly notions of God's kingdom — "Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man (civil enactments) for the Lord's sake ; whether it be to tho king as supromo, or unto the governors, as unto them who are sent by him for the punishment of male factors and for the praise of well-doers." Somo falsely-called religious person has committed upon me "a pious fraud," by stealing from my shelves Bishop Denvir's English version of Holy Writ, so that I cannot Bay whether the four prelates have given his or their own version or the Douay, in rendoring Hebrews, 13th chap,, 17th verse, by such a phrase as "Obey your prelates !" Prelacy, as such, had no existence at the period of writing the apostolic epistles. With far other sentimonts were those holy men of God moved than that of exalting the Mitre and the Crosier above the Sceptre and the Crown, Supposing Simon Barjonah had written "Submit yourselves unto prolateB, as unto them who are sent by him (the king) for the punishment of evil-doers (of all ranks)," would not the four prelates have jubilantly quoted it : but why not in the one instance as in the other, for the Groek uBed by those holy authors, Peter nnd Paul, admit of no different vorsion. Assuming for the nonce that Paul of Tarsus was tho author of that Catholic epistle to the converted Hebrews — Tois i'goumenois humiin means preoisely the same as "i'geimosin" — and neither can legiti mately meangprelates in any ecclesiastical sense. 2\. Again, in the first pastoral epistle to Timothy, 5 chap,, 17 verse, all literates may read thus — "Let the elders (presbuteroi) who rule well be counted worthy of double honour, especially they who labour in the Word and Doctrine (didaskalia)." With far more pro priety might that ecclesiastical term presbuteroi be rendered " prelates," than any radical form of _ egoumenoi — for the Government at Rome being at that epoch entirely Pngan, and not Papal, none would havo hearkened to such apoBtolical instructions had they excited the hearers to be seditious and rebellious against the Sooptro and the Crown. And yet no Asiarch or other Pagan "governors" under Cmsar ever challenged tho new canon of Scriptures as re bellious 1 But ony literate man may see that the first Austra-Roman pastoral made a direct appeal to carnel foroe and Hibernian arms ! whereas the same Cilioian apostle said— "The weapons of our warfare aro not carnel, but spiritual!" Throughout the ton "first per secutions of the Church," down to the great Dioelotian, I challenge ouy learned man to show me that "prelates" (as suoh) appealed to num bers or to physical foroe, or over onco insinuated that tho Crosier was greater and mightier than the Sceptre — and that Christian churches ought not to be obedient subjects of Pagan kings, princes, or potentates! -Let them name one author, either outside or inside the commonly callod "canonical" books, or namo any para graph in the "apocryphal" Scriptures of the Now Testament, which directs Christian churches to depose Pagan prinoea or heretical potentates, and I will acknowledge prelacy to be higher thon royalty, and the Papal hierarchy to be "supreme," not only in all Australia, but throughout the earth 1 3\. In your able leader, very highly creditable to you as a journalist, you quoted tho erroneous oxpresaion, "Vicar of Christ," as if it were the poouliar property of only " one prelate." Every Christian presbyter acts vicariously : " We en treat you, in Christ's stead (i.e., as His vicars), to be reconciled to God." There is never a ssntonce of reconciliation with Simon Peter, or with any patriarchal Bee whatever. Not one author can be found in early times who advo cated or maintained territorial jurisdictions. All woro too spiritual, too highly gifted by the Holy Ghost, as to regard any " elder " as an autocrat! "It shall not be so amongst you," was the mandamus of our Lord, our God, and Only Master— and why do the Roman prelacy disregard that precept?— Sir, yours truly, OUTIDANOS. 