TRAVELLING. INGLEWOOD AND ITS SURROUND INGS. By Vagans. No. V. Prior to the visit of Sir George Bowen to Ivorong, wliils on his trip to South 'Australia via North-western Victoria, tho residents in the vicinity of the mount erected for His Excellency's comfort a singular construction, somewhat resembling a belfry. The white liousq, as it is locally called, i3 in shape pyramidal, in height about six feet, and in size large enough to hold a couple of men if doubled up. How ever the portly Sir George managed to climb up the cairn and crawl into the house, resting 011 the stones, puzzled me. And what did he get for his trouble when he did overcome, the difficulty! A narrow yiew of hardwood boards, C feet bj 1 foot, and uprights 4 feet by 2 feet.. The good people, in their zeal to protect Sir George from the weather, boarded over the framo to within 2 foet C inches of the cairn, thus totally obstructing the view of the country around. Iuiagino the posture of the K.C.M.B. What a study for Punch to see tho corpulent Georgie, with his head resting between his knees, admiring the scenery around him, or to watch the troubled expression on the face of her Majesty's representative as he tried to look happy and smile on tho people who, standing near him, cheered his Excellency for his courage and determination. 'Die ladies, if I remember rightly, thought the affable Governor was taken suddenly ill in the region of his waistcoat, and the thought ful dears at once prescribed a strong dose of champagne, which the poor fellow drank with zest. His experience, like ours, was akin. Klein and I, while we inspected the landscape, were obliged to hold our heads as if we were in church during devotional exercises. We took a view of a piece of country, and then straightened ourselves for a moment to ease our necks; yet we got on uncommonly well. I11 less than 20 minutes I had taken into the mind's picture gallery a choice collection of studies differing in de tail, coloring, aud subject as the numerous works in the National Gallery. I will try and sketch a rough outline of what I saw. The northern view is bounded by the Murray flats, a strip of country abounding the entire course of the river, 2,200 miles, with pines, gums, and boxtrees. The regularity, compactness, and military bearing of the trees, from this distance, some 70 miles, force on Che mind tl •) idea of an immense army waiting orders tj proceed southward. Rising from out the trees ap pears Swan Hill, an elevation of no great irti pertance when compared with other moun tain heights, yet as the hill towers over tho troaa and above the surrounding flats it com mands a reputation whichis due merely to cir cumstances. Between Swan Hill and K-irong rises Mount Hope, the Pyramid, and Terrick Terrick Ranges. Mount Hope has a history attached to it which is peculiarly interesting. Those of. your readers who have followed Mitchell, the explorer, through tho admirably written accounts of his travels, will remem ber, aftor he had travelled for hundreds of miles through New South Wales without see ing a mount, or even a hill, how joyfully lie welcomed the eminence which to him brought hope of a more interesting country and a bet ter agricultural area than he had seen during his past weary journeyings. He describes his pleasure on seeing what appeared to him, after tho flat country over which he had lately passed, a mountain,- from whose summit he might contemplate on tho beauty, tho extent, tho probable wealth, and the likely prosperity of a people of his own flesh and blood who would soon occupy the land. After giving orders to his men to keep on the route he indicated, Mitchell put spurs to his horse, and very soon was at the base of the mount. In a short time he was on the top—the first white man who had ever stood on the pile. Mitchcll, in the flush of his pride and his thankfulness at being permitted to climb the mount at once christened it Hope, at the same time uttering a prophecy which is singularly being ful filled. He gave it as his firm belief that the fair land lying round him would be one of the great granaries of Victoria, its rich soil would yield food both for man and oattle, and that, under the oivilising influences of tho white, tho country could bo made to produce every cereal found in a 'temperate clime. How strangely is this prophecy coming to pass ! The explorer did not anticipate without reason; he saw wild grasses, wild oats, and flowers, from which he argued the richness of the soil. He counted acres of ground waiting for the plough, the harrow and the seed. He pictured the growth of the corn, the ad vancement of soience and the constant im provement of the persistent farmer, and thus concluded the first survey with the firm con viction that ho had discovered an agricul tural land fit for golden harvests and rich returns. ' What feelings must have crowded oxi his mind as ho contemplated the panprama surrounding him! How his heart must have throbbed when he considered ho was the first white man who had ever beheld-the acres of wildnoES below him ! How ho compared the ignorance of the thousands of blacks within a few miles of him with tho ingenuity and reason of his own countrymen ! How he longed for his schoolmates to see him 011 the newly-found Mount, stand ing there, the forerunner of a race of men who aro doing their very best to fulfil Mitchell's prediction ! Though maybe they never knew that such a prophecy was uttered, or that Mitchell had ever passed their ground long before they had even "heard of Australia. Victoria in June, 1836, was a different place to Victoria in December, 1879. The universality of know ledge and- science, the expansion of com merce, and tlio peculiar blessings of a kind Providence have 'steamed our colony, with its industrious people, far into the wide sea of Success, and tho good little ship, not withstanding contrary winds and dangerous rocks, goes on and on to greater fame. Between Mounts Hope and Korong tho country alternates between pl.iin^ and belts of timber. How refreshing to the eye, as well as to the land, would be a lake or a noble river flo.wing perennially between these mounts? But-no, throughout the whole expanse not a drop of water is seen; the only similarity is the deceiving mirage, which rolls like the ceaseless ocean far away int." the distance. For a space of CO miles east of Swan Hill the horizon is level as a table, not a rise of a foot destroys tho line till tho dim figure of my old friend, Mount Cooper, breaks out like an immense pimplo on what would be otherwise an uninterrupted feature. The three mounts would form the points in a triangle, enclosing within its bounds, plains, selections, woodlands, creeks, State schools, churches, homesteads, with hundreds of men. who welcome the cheerful sunshine to-day and the dancing rain to-morrow, and many noble- hearted women, who work, aye slave, from mom till night with a;ljght and happy heart for those they love. , . . , The character of the country to tho east is similar to that of the north. Fancy your self on tho mount looking on scores of farm houses, into a multitude of cornfields, and upon fertile plains, bounded jealously with tall trees, which flourish when everything elBe, either vegetable or animal, languishes or dies. Think of the land as you would of an infant which is steadily gaining in strength, bone, muscle, and activity. Think of the acres as friends, for to the perches and the roods we must look for. our support. The Thomson Gully Ranges, which 1 we had on our right as we drove to the Mount, ap pear mero pigmies from our. look-out, and but for the undulations miide by the treps one would never for a moment jthink that the ranges existed. The', country from Mount Hope to the south-east consists of an almost- unbroken plain, whilst from the south east, towards the west and continuing to the north, the lund rises and falls in a series of mountains, hills, and valleys. The circum ference of outline seen from Mount Korong, taking the diameter, on ar average, at 120 miles, would measure somu -VO miles. Let tho mind reflect for a few minutes on the nature of the land contained within this periphery. Consider the quantity of gold, wool, wheat, tallow, and wine that the 11,310 square miles have been the means of yielding. The old Inglewood lead, as wo turn towards the south-east, shows that the ground is of a different order to that of the more northern. To the north the plains and selections indicate exclusive agriculture, while to the south the white mounds of clay denote a mining locality. It is a strange, though an all- wise arrangement, this division of wealth in the ground. Every miner is not suited for farm life, any more than overy farmer is for the work of tho miner, yet both these men may pursue their avocations within a mile of each other, the one to search for the gold down tho deep alluvial hole, the other to gather in the rich golden cars that move to the music of tho wind. The Borough of Inglewood, twenty miles away, is clearly visible. Of the buildings we could see the hospital, tho railway station, and several private residences, and my guide maintained he saw his own hotel in Brooke street. I was not sufficiently acquainted with the Charlie Napior to recognise its features, but 1 have no doubt that with a good glass many places which are lost sight of in tho distance could be found out, and brought up to tho eye, though 50 miles oft'. Still to the south-east of tho borough, but 30 miles further on, I saw a large spot which seemed familiar to me. It looked.as if its flesh had been scalded; the spot seemed raw, red, and in need of attention. The change in health between the country we had just observed and this great patch was very apparent. As I watched it, I saw the head began at Eagle hawk, and the body go on to Sandhurst, while the arms strotched away to Marong and White Hills. The Ironbark State school, which is one of the noted landmarks of our city, is, I was told, easily picked out with the glass, and other constructions—as the Needle, the Old Chum Company, and the whims on Windmill Hill—can be witnessed from Korong. Tho spot, though the picturo of ugliness, is the wealthiest within the whole circumference af the 380 miles. Where would many of the farmers at present living near the mount have been but for the rich ness of tho barren-looking spaco 1 Where would we have been had its surface never been broken, or its interior ex plored } Yet wo lament the aridity of the entire district, wo blame the barren ness of the ground, and we condemn tho city's sterile appearance when wo have been ourselves the vandals. Mount Ida, One Tree Hill (less the tree), Big Hill, and its southern neighbor Mount Alexander, and Mount Macedon standing out from tho Great Dividing range, seem closely rc-Iated to the Mount, but in reality many a weary mile separates the several eminences. Macedon is quite 85 miles from Ivorong, but its singular countour is as clearly defined here as if viewed from the St. Kilda Esplanade, or tho pier at Sandridge. From the south to the north-west wo behold an interesting extent of land. At tho foot of the Mount, looking south, I saw what I thought to be a large potato field, whose area covered many acres, but my guide told me the dark mass I saw below was the troublesome Mallee Scrub. Korong, as I have before mentioned is not connected with the Kingower Range, which lies immediately to the south. The first point in tho range is called Saturday Morning Hill from the fact that Mitchell, after leaving Blount Hope on the Sunday, reached the hill on tho Sunday fol lowing just after daybreak. One can imagine the magnificent view thr explorer had in the peaceful hours of that morning, which to the mount seemed like any other morning, but to the traveller was fraught with stillness, awe, and impressive grandeur. He cut his autograph on a sheoak, which remains still near tho top of the hill. Then beyond this point rise Kiura and Moliagnl, two peaks of moderate elevation. The remainder of the range runs out in hills and glons, which look charmingly pretty with their thick coating of foliage. The hills are lost sight of in Mount Tarrengower, at whose foot lies the modest up-country town of Maldon. The western portion of the view is perhaps tho prettiest; backed by the Avoca ranges lies a valley shaped like a giant saucer, whose centre is occupied by tho township of Wed derburn, a neat little placo, connected with Inglewood by a road of a peculiarly sangui nary color. The dark red character of tho metal or soil used in its covering forms a de cided contrast to the tintings of the trees and fields around. It reminds ono of a river of blood flowing through the centre of a battle field, upon which tho men in dark green suits stand waiting to be immolated. Boyond the romantic Wodiierburn is East Charlton, and to the west of the Avoca Range, Mount Wytchcproof. an elevation commanding a view of tho main portion of the Wimniera district. In this immense valley Evans, the would-be murderer of Constable ' Monk, is supposed to be hidden. It would be an easy matter for any man to conceal himself in the sorub, which bristles with shafts which in many oases would pass the surveillance of the most astute detective, The only difficulty the refugee must face is the want of food, but if a trusty nccomplico were leagued with tho law breaker, the police might search for years without Buccess. Maybe, though, Evans is doing tho grand in another land, where he passes for a gentle man. I have taken you the circuit. A proof of the earth's spherity is that if a man begin at a certain place and keep on his course he must return from his starting point. Then iye arq home again at Swan Hill, but let us look for ono minute more at the top of the mount. It would form a fortress invulner able to any French or Russian foe. Forts by hundreds lie ready for occupation, and our most timid volunteer could shelter himself from the lire of the Snider or the Martini Henry rifle without fearing the loss of his oyo or leg. Ivlein, though a thorough Teuton, believed tiio best German ariny could never take Mount Korong if it wore properly defended. We came down from the Mount with due caution, and after a couple of hours' pleasant drive along the Wedderburn road, we arrived in Inglewood at two p.m. Having to wait for tile five o'clock train, I took the opportunity of inspecting the exterior of the shops, houses, and churches, but of them in the future. " A kiss," said young Charles, *;is a noun we allow; But tell me, my dear, is itproperor common?" Lovely Mary blushes deep and exclaimed, " Why, I vow, I think that akissis bothproperaudcommon." How They Did use to Drink!—The last time I dined in his house was at one of Lever's " menagerie feeds"—all the I). U. M. writers, great and small, were present. Lever told with infinite drollery that a little before, at a similar, festival, the Scot fearing to be made " fou " by the wild Irish authors and scribblers, left the previous dinner at which lie was present to join the ladies in the drawingrroom. After a while the company heard unearthly noises in the pantry, just behind the drawing-room. They listened, and they wondered. {What could it be? Were there really ghosts in the house? as bad been whispered in its ancient traditions. But, summoning courage, they went en masse, and they found that worthy SlcClashan had, under the impression that he was going up stairs to tho ladies, ascended shelf after shelf of the pantry, and was now lying at full length upontho upper most, kicking furiously at the ceiling and side walla, and expressing the utmost surprise that he " could not get up stairs." They were sober as judges. He, I ueed not say, despite his being a canny Scot, and his efforts to avoid any excess, was—"fou." McClashan caught cold after his comic incident, and was attended by both Graves and Marsh. Lever pleasantly rallied the patient, told him to get rid of the doctors, and to spit the feathers from his mouth, and pomp and flimich beef at Templeogue—adding the im promptu: "Tlie Devil take the chemists, tha Woolastons and Faradajs, Thoy only teach to torture men with cupping and cantharides." 