CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, DAVEY STREET. \- A special service in recognition of the acceptance of the charge of the Davey-street Congregational Church by the Rev. George Clarke was held in the church last night, and was largely attended. The Rev. W. C. Robinson presided, and there were on the platform the Revs. O. Clarke, J. Nisbet, D. B. Tinning, R. E. Dear, and Mr. J. H. B. Walch (Secretary). The proceedings having been opened with devotional exercises, apologies were read for the unavoidable absence of the Revs. B. S. Bird, D. Morris, and J. Simmons. Mr. WALCH, in his capacity of Secretary, read the following address, explanatory of the circumstances leading to, and the object of the meeting : "It is due to this assembly and to the special character of our service, that a brief statement should be made of the circumstances in which the Rev. George Clarke has assumed the pastoral charge of this church. Our late pastor, the Rev. B, Stafford Bird, laboured among us for upwards of four years with great earnestness and acceptance, but of late, with health so impaired, that it became a serious question whether he could safely continue to meet the demands of the pastoral o iii co. At length, after anxious deliberation, and to the great regret both of himself and his people, he felt obliged to retire, and formally resigned the charge last May, carrying with him our am lowftil sympathy and earnest prayers, that after needful rest he may be restored to do good service for years to come in the work of Christ. At the request of the Church, Mr. Clarke undertook to supply the vacant pulpit for an indefinite time, with what care on his part, and acceptance on ours, it is not needful to insist. Still, we felt that it was very undesirable to prolong the unsettlement of the Church. Meetings of the members were duly called to consider the subject, and the issue has been that it was unanimously resolved to unite Mr. Clarke to become our settled pastor, and that he has consented to do so. In his letter of acceptance, Mr. Clarke writes as follows: " Your letter of September 19 is before me, with the resolution of the Church, in Davey-street, inviting me to take the pastoral oversight of your fellow- ship. I am glad that the meeting was unanimous in its proposal. I look at it as really a resumption of old duties, brought about by circumstances that none of us anticipated, for which no one is to blame, and which were altogether in higher hands than ours. Mr. Bird's retirement, being forced upon him by failing health, was unavoidable, but none the less an occasion of regret to myself as to the church, and he has good claim upon our affectionate remembrance and sympathy. I think, then, that it is the right course in all the circumstances for you to propose, and for me to accept, the resumption of my old charge. I do so with unfeigned humility, and. not without anxiety as to the future For one thing I am thankful, that we are not strangers to one another ; but I see a good deal of change in the complexion of the Church. The proportion of young members is greater than it was, and many of the order, whom I knew, have passed away to the Church above, or removed to other places. The congregation, who are not Church members, call for our most respectful and loving care. To assume no airs of superiority over them, to study to the utmost their feelings, to foster their interest in our religious exercises, and to win them over to avowed disciple ship, this should be matter of great concern to every one of us, . . . Finally, in accepting the pastoral charge of the Church and congregation, I pray that the good Lord may bless us in our now rela- tion, and that all the Graces of the Christian character may find a congenial home in the Church of Davey-street." We desire to express our great thankfulness and. satisfaction as a Church and congregation, that one whom we know so well during a former pastorate of twenty-five years should, in God's providence, be thus able and willing to come to our help. We have assured him of our loving confidence, and of our desire to co-operate with him in all his efforts to minister to our good. We pray that, if it be the will of God, our renewed relations may continue for many years to come, land we ask all our brethren here present to join in commending our dear pastor and the people of his charge to the grace of God, and to the guidance and inspiration of Him who is '' head over all things to the Church, which is His body, the fulness of Him that filleth all in all." The Rev. J. NISBET delivered an address, bearing upon the constitution of the Christian Church and the relations existing between the pastor and his people These relations, he said, they had met to consummate on the resumption by Mr. Clarke of his old charge, which he left six years ago. Mr. Clarke had returned with renewed energy, with enlarged knowledge, and with ripened experience to fill the place of their late esteemed pastor upon the unanimous invitation of the congregation. It was to be hoped that the reunion would be characterised by every confidence and affection on their part, leading to increasing prosperity of the Church and the glory of God. The rev. gentleman went on to speak at length upon the subject of the pastoral relation its power, its duty, and its results. The preacher was the teacher and the guide of his people, and through him, in the person of the Apostles, the knowledge of Christ's life and teachings had been preserved in the Holy Word of God. Preachers gave their lives to the improvement, the instruction, and the guidance of their fellow- men, and their congregations OH ed them live, respect, a gentle dealing with their failings, and a jealous regard for their good name, for a breath of slander destroyed a minister's usefulness. The members of a church, while exercising their independent judgment respecting the doctrines preached, should remember that their pastor had given to these patient and earnest study, and hence his opinions were not to be rashly condemned. A punctual and regular attendance upon the services of the Church was demanded of them ; as they expected their minister to be in the pulpit, so should they be in their power. Nor should they be too exacting in the work they demanded of their preacher. He should baallowcdto exchange pulpits, for this acted as a recuperative power. Like wise a sermon upon which was lavished several days of intense intellectual labour, should be received more than once in the same place. A preacher should have the earnest prayers of his people, strengthening him by spiritual sympathy. The rev. gentleman concluded an eloquent address by commending the Rev. G. Clarke to the Church, and urging its members to a close and devout attach- ment to its work and influences. The Rev. GEORGE CLARKE read the following reply :- I wish in few words to express my deep sense of the interest which you have shown in attending this service. I see before me not only my own people and members of our sister churches, but brethren who worship with other forms, and are associated with other orders of ecclesiastical fellowship. That is at it should be. It is well for us to feel that our varieties of administration are of very small account in comparison with the precious faiths and principles that we hold in common. Our hearts are not to be walled in by denominational limits, and I trust that every one of us can say, without qualification or reserve, " Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity." We may easily magnify our diversities ; but unto them at their utmost it still remains that our thoughts of the blessed Saviour, in whom we trust, are substantially the same. We can serve Him with the same loyalty and hope and new with equal reverence before His majestic goodness. We can receive the same spirit ; we can be cheered by the same hope ; we can press on in humble faith and obedience to the same eternal home. We can be true to our common Lord, though we see not all things alike. We must fain acknowledge that our lights are broken ; we see only in part, and we know only in part. There is partiality and defect in our most careful judgments, and the concert of ourselves being all in the right, and our brethren all in the wrong, is utterly unworthy of our intelligence and manhood. Time and experience teach us many lessons, and not the least, it is to be hoped, is sobriety, remembering our proneness to look at things in dis- torted perspective. As we grow older we have to correct our estimate of proportion. we learn to see what is really great, and to hold it greatly ; we learn also to see what is by comparison little, and to hold it in due subordination. If we, who would with these forms love our Congregationalism much I hope we love the Faith of all the Churches infinitely more, and that we shall never allow our denominational preferences to repress our hearty admiration of Christian excellence, under whatever name or polity it may choose to range itself. One is our Master, even Christ, and all who follow him are brethren. Since I began my ministry, some thirty years ago, great changes both for good and for evil have come over the religious mind. All churches must take account of them, or they will soon lose their hold on the living world. There are many things that we cannot now express in the narrow and even positive formula) of past generations. Knowledge of every kind has enlarged our thoughts, modified our theories, and expanded our sympathies. But the substantial verities of the Gospel remain the same, and our faith in them remain the same. Nevertheless there has been around us a portentous growth of scepticism on the one side, and of superstition on the other. Sin, and sorrow, and weakness, and want are all about us still, and their pressure is fearfully aggravated by any doubt, whether we indeed have a Father to pity us, and a Saviour to heal us, or whether these may not after all be but phantoms conjured up by the favor of our sense of need, I have tried to look at these things with an open eye and mi honest, human heart, and I stand here to-night in these solemn circumstances to avow as the result of long, patient, and painful study, that I am thoroughly convinced that Christ, and faith in Christ alone, can meet all the spiritual ills of humanity that He is the only effectual answer to the doubts and fears which harass this restless generation, and that more than ever it is our pressing and paramount duty to preach them with our largest thought and freshest feeling. In the driving storm that is upon us now, there is no shelter for souls unless we find it in Him. We shall be rudely awakened if we try to get it like the hunted ostrich by hiding our heads in the sand. Our safety is not in preacher, or priest, or rite, or church, but in our becoming intellectually, morally, and spiritually "rooted and grounded in Him." With such issues as are now being tried, we Christians cannot afford to wrangle with out another over questions of ! i J .'> ' ? Janise and cummin," or to shout over venerable shibboleths, or to split hairs of verbal definitions 'and distinction. As The. Times has lately observed in on article on Convocation, " The whole educated world (and not a little of the world that is unedu- cated) is now more or less engaged in deep and solemn debate on the great problem of existence." I should like to write that sentence over every pulpit in Christendom. Is this a time to hunt flags of difference in each other's faces, and brandis the rusty weapons of old contention between seat amid sect? Is this a time to raise the ghosts of controversies that are dead to the living world, and to rattle the dry bones of tradition and ceremony at one another when all that we hold in common is at stake ? Is this a time to grind out the Gospel in the droning and weary round of times to which our fathers set it two hundred years ago ? What was living language, then, is not living language now, and all thoughtful people are getting very tired of it from modern lips. Let us at least use the speech of our day, and address the thoughts that men are think- ing around us. You will not open your eyes to the stern fact that men on every side are stupefied with doubt and hardening in despair, and dying under the horrible suspicion that most of your lights are marsh lights after r all Therefore I want to say that in a sitting this pastorate, as God shall help me, I mean to, make it my supreme concern to preach Christ us broadly, as lovingly, as strenuously as I can. The Christ I shall preach is the Christ of history, whose words and deeds, character and life, are set forth in the Gospels of the New Testament. No conception of the Saviour which is not based on the recorded facts, is more than a sentimental fume of the brain, and the Christ of mere sentimental fancy is thinner than a shadow, for a shadow is, at least, cast by something. I shall preach also the Christ of theology, as Divine and human, the Son of God and the son of man, our Lord, Redcomcr, Sacrifice, and Saviour, who died for our sins, and rose again for our justifica- tion, who is even at the right hand of God," " who will come again to be our judge." And on the basis of the Christ of history and of theology, I shall preach the Christ of inspiration, Christ dwell- ing in the heart by faith, the Christ of vital fellow- ship and personal appropriation, an abiding presence, an inward energy, the dynamic and motive power of all that is properly Christian goodness. May the prayers we have offered this night be graciously accepted. May we all share together this knowledge and fellowship of Christ. May we ministers preach Him more earnestly as the hope and refuge of this sorrowful, sin-stricken, doubt laden age. May His presence in all the churches be their life, and strength, and peace, and God speed on the blessed time when to the name of Jesus every knee shall bow, and every tongue confess that He is Lord to the glory of God the Father, The proceedings closed with singing and prayer. 