0E TnE DIOCESE OF NEWCASTLE. £FBOM ouït crwsr "REVORTER.] The third session of the fifth Synod of the diocese of Newcastle opened in the City Hall, newcastle, ort Tuesday, at noon, under the presidency of tho Venerable Archdeacon^ Child, Vicar-General of the Diocese. The usual services were held in the forenoon in Christ Church Cathedral, and the clergy and lay representatives joined in Holy Commu- nion. The session was opened with prayer by the President. The roll of the Clergy and the lay lepresentatives was then called over by the Clerical Secretary, the Rev. John Dixon. The following answered to their names : Clergy-The Revs. F. W. Addams, T\ D. Bode, "W. K. Colyer, Rev. J. Dixon, G. II. Johnstone, W. Lund, W. Marshall, H. S. Millard, C. M. Mills, J. J. Nash, Canon Selwyn, A. Shaw, 13. E. Shaw, J. Shaw, A. C. Thomas, W. Tollis, Canon Tyrrell, J. W. Upjohn, C. Walsh, T. D. Warner, Canon White, W. S. Wilson. Lay Representatives : -Messrs. II. J. Bolding, Major Bolton, Messrs. J. N. Brooks, H. B. Cotton, E. A. Hely, A. Hickey, J. B Holmes, J. C. S. McDouall, J. P. Luke, E. Parnell, C. Sweet- land, E. W. Thompson, J. Wilson, P. W. "Wright. Apologies were made for the absence o£ the llevs. J. C. Boake, W. C. Hawkins, C. D. Newman, S. Simm, and of Messrs. Hungerford, Edward White, and J. Windeyer. TUE PRESIDENT'S ABDBESS. The PRESIDENT then road his address, as follows : My Dear Brethren of the Clergy and Laity, \--It is now two years since we met here and out much lamented Bishop presided over us in this hall. Although we would desire a building more suited to our deliberations, yet we gladly meet again in this city of New- castle ; and I feel sure that all of us, both Clergy and Laity, will recognise to its fullest extent the exceeding kindness and generous hospitality of the members of our church in this city, so largely evoked by the exertions of the Incumbents of the Parishes of Christ Church and S. John's, and specially by Mrs. Selwyn and Mrs. Bode. Let us take care that their endeavours on our behalf this session be in some small measure returned to their Parishes by our meeting here. I occupy the very high and honourable position of President of this Synod to-day, for a reason very different from that for which I occupied it last year. Last year I was commissioned by our Bishop to preside over the Synod in his stead. This year it has pleased Almighty God to take him from our head, and I sit here as President under the 29th Constitution of the church in this colony. This Constitution provides that " in case of the absence from the colony of the Bishop of any Diocese, the powers by these Constitutions vested in him shall be exercised by a Commissary appointed by him, and in case no such Commissary shall have been appointed, or the See be vacant, such powers shall be exercised by the person who shall then.be the next in Ecclesiastical xank or degree therein until the return of the Bishop, or the assumption of office by his successor." When we remember that the late Bishop was from his feeble Btate of health unable to preside over us last year, it was hardly to be expected that, even if he had been spared, he would have been able to pre- side over us now. Rapidly failing health and general feebleness of powers were too visible in. a frame which many of us well remember as one which could endure more mental and bodily fatigue in the laborious work of this Diocese, than moBt of us could endure in carrying on the work of our Parishes. The termination of his life of 72 years may be regarded as sudden. An injury which he had received twenty-seven years ago, and which latterly had caused him much pain and depression of spirits, may be said to have caused this suddenness. In his last interval of consciousness he expressed to me, as far as looks could express, his trust in the Great Head of the Church, his only Saviour the Lord Jesus Christ. "We have been left without our head at a time when the presence of a Bishop was much needed, and when the financial affairs of the diocese much required him to be among us. But " all is well," and is doubtless ordered well if we could only see through the gloom ; and all will, let us trust and pray, end well J or the glory of God and His church. The .?unselfish devotion of our Bishop to his work -for thirty-two years, without leaving his dio- cese, except on the short and perilous Mela- nesian voyage in 1852, is a great example for . «aeh one of us to follow in our own parishes. His,4ong practised principle of self-denial for the_geod of others, and his silent endurance ,for the last few years of much bodily pain, .while.doing his work, is a -pattern too little followed .in the world ; and his giving up all he posseasod for the good of our church in this .world hits set before us a noble example, which has sta rtled the world, and told us of a -spirit existing in his mind which very few are possessed of an these days. It is not for me to speak hereof defects of character-who is without them.-?-but to dwell upon the bright points of his life and of his long episcopate. ' I»et us all look upon these. Let those" who remember the early days of his .work amongst us-his methodical arrangernei. *t of time, his powers of organization, his a^sire to encourage rather than to discourage, his perseverance in keeping up the knowledge of the day, his scholarly attainments, anti above all, his simple preachiug of the Gos^eli let those who remember these think also </f the untiring zeal and energy with which he did. his work, aid " go and do likewise." I m. ^7 here men- tion that on December 27th last, more than six months after his first intention °^ doing so, the Bishop, acting under the pow 'ers , con- ferred on him by the letters patent, ap^0"1*61 me Archdeacon of Newcastle and \vicar General. At the conclusion of this adaress I Bhall lay these appointments before t.^6 Synod. I may state also, that it IB in tht1 capacity of Vicar-General that I t shall administer the affairs of the diocese, with the approval of the metropolitan, and, I trust, with the full and legal support of you, my brethren of the clergy and laity, until the arrival of a new bishop. I trust this may not bel long ;\ but mpin^whilft j would ask your prayers that there may be vouchsafed to me grace and strength to discharge this respon- sible duty to the honor of God, the extension of our Redeemer's kingdom, and to the satis- faction of all with whom I come in contact. I may also add, that, with the approval of the Metropolitan, and at the expressed wish of some among us, a prayer has been drawn up and «vill be put forth suitable to our present necessities. I would earnestly hope that this prayer may be generally used both in public aud private worship throughout the diocese. Having spoken of the temporary provision for the immediate future-the interregnum-you will be anxious to know what prospect there is as regards the permanent provision for the future government of the diocese, by the ap- pointment of a successor to our late Bishop. The Synod, as you aro aware, was summoned to meet on Jan. 29 last for the'purpose of agreeing to the Bishop's proposal of obtaining a coadjutor. At the last moment, when the question of the income of the proposed co- adjutor had to be arranged, the Bishop, to his exceeding regret and disappointment, found that the stations in wh'ch he had invested his own property, and that of the diocese, had suffered so much from the disastrous drought of 1878 that there seemed no possibility of providing the required income at that time, and therefore he decided for the present to proceed no further in obtaining a coadjutor. The same difficulty, I grieve to say, still exists as regards the income of a future Bishop; and until the inspection of the two stations, Kunopia and Brenda, has been completed by Mr. Ered. E. White, it ia not possible for the executors of the Bishop's estate to say with any accuracy at what period they may be able to provide the iucoine. This is, no doubt, a great disap- pointment to the diocese. It is equally so to the executors ; and I need not say that at the earliest possible moment which the state of fin- ances permits, the income will be forthcoming. Here then I may with propriety mention what steps I have advisedly taken in the mat- ter of a successor to our late Bishop. By the ordinance of our Synod, " providing for the election of a bishop", it is provided that when any vacancy shall occur in the " see of Newcastle, the senior clergyman by appoint- ment in highest ecclesiastical rank in the diocese shall notify the same in writing to the Metropolitan of the Province, and the said clergyman within eight days after re- ceiving a mandate from the Metropolitan, or, if no such mandate shall have been received within three months from the date of such notification, shall forthwith summon a special meeting of Synod for the election of a bishop, &c;, &c.;" It will be observed that, in this clause, no actual time is specified for notify- ing the vacancy to the Metropolitan. See- ing, therefore, that BO much depended on abstaining from making this official notifica- tion in this particular instance, I requested the Metropolitan to grant me a conference before I did so. He at once granted my re- quest. The Rev. Canons Selwyn and White, trustees of the endowment, accompanied me to this conference. The Bishop of Sydney was attended by his Chancellor, Rev. Canon Allwood, and Mr. A. Gordon was asked to attend as amicus euria:. I was then requested to state my reasons for the Metro- politan withholding his mandate for the longest possible period that could be allowed, and did so. The matter was then fully and openly discussed, the well-considered result being that the Metropolitan was willing that I should postpone making the official notifica- tion of the vacancy in the see until the three months were nearly expired ; and that, if then necessary, he would delay the issue of his mandate to nearly three months longer; in order to afford the requisite time for ascer- taining our true financial position with refer- ence to the income of the next Bishop. I have thought it right thus to lay this matter plainly and openly before Synod. The respon- sibility of not initiating proceedings in giving the notice under the ordinance has been taken by myself, until I could in the first place confer with the Metropolitan, and then con- sult with the Synod of the diocese. If, as is now agreed upon, the official notification of the vacancy is delayed until (say) June 20, the Metropolitan must-under the ordinance, before Sept. 20-issue his mandate for me to summon the Synod, and I must then give one month's notice of a special meeting for the election of a future Bishop. At that special meeting we may proceed either to election or delegation, as may be determined. Delays may occur even after that ; but it will be seen in clause 7 that a time will come when the appointment may lapse to the Metropolitan and the Bishops of the Province of N. S. Wales. I have put this matter, I hope clearly, before Synod, and I now ask you during this session carefully to consider this matter, and, for my guidance, to express your wishes by resolution or otherwise. I may here mention that as Vicar- General I have taken charge of the episcopal residence and land at Morpeth, and shall take every possible caro that this diocesan property shall be preserved in good order ; and I think that if funds should be wanting for the purpose beyond those I already have, the Synod or the Diocesan Council will provide them. Before concluding this part of my address, it will not be out of place to make a statement which may have the effect of clearing the character of our late Bishop from a suspicion of having invaded the rights and privileges of this Synod, It was thought by many, from a seemingly authorized cablegram which ap- peared last December, that a coadjutor had actually been appointed in contravention of our ordinance, and in defiance of the privileges of our Synod. I am happy to be able, with the consent of Bishop Abraham, the Bishop-Assis- tant at Lichfield, to lay before the Synod his letter. He was the correspondent of our Bishop in England in this matter, and took great pains about it. He Bays in a letter addressed to the Bishop of Newcastle, dated Lichfield, 18th December, 1878 :-" I am exceedingly vexed to find that some one has communicated to the Times newspaper .the proposal that the Rev, R. Hodgson should be your coadjutor, and still more \vexed that the writer should have said the appointment was made and settled, because the statement so entirely left out the fact that the election resis with ypur Synod and the Bishops of your eaclesiastical province. I immediately wrote to the' Times to contradict the statement, but they wo.uld not publish my letter ; they never do allow ¿hem selves to be in the wrong." .... "I always wrote ' confidential' on all my con.1 mumcations, but some gobe mouche must have ' talked about it. I am very much annoyed, out I trust that you and the members of your Synoa1 and your brother bishops will not think for a m'ornent that I or Mr. Hodgson haye lent the slightest countenance to any such mis statement. | ¡In mentioning this¿ matter to Synod, I do BO solely' with the view of roscu- ! ing the character of our late Bishop from a suspicion which might bo thought to lie against him, in consequence of the wording ot the cablegram forwarded by the corres- pondent of a well known daily paper in Sydney. I will now turn to matters more immediately concerning our own diocese : the changes that have taken place since we met last May. The Rev. R. Chapman, of St. Mary's, West Maitland, after a long and de- pressing sickness, departed this life, much beloved by a large congregation at St. Mary's, and much lamented by a great number of friends throughout the diocese. He had faithfully served his heavenly Master in that cure alone for 33 years. His place has not yet been permanently supplied, but the Bev. T. D. Warner, of Queensland, was appointed assistant by the late Bishop last year ; and before the end of this year I hope that active and zealous clergyman may be appointed to the parish. This is the only loss by death-we have lost others by removal. The Rev. W. Kildahl left the Diocese for Ireland at the end of June, last year. He was succeeded in the cure of S. Paul's, West Maitland, by the Rev. J. C. Boake, from the Diocese of Goulburn, until September 30; when the Rev. John Shaw, of Scone, having been nominated by the Bishop, was accepted by the Presentation Board and appointed. Mr. Boake was re- moved to St. Albans. At the same date the Rev. James Ross left his cure at Murrurundi for the cure of Armidale, in the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale, to which he was nomi- nated. His place was filled by the Rev. W. Marshall from New Zealand, but the appoint- ment is not permanently settled. The place of the Rev. J. Shaw, at Scone, was filled by the Rev. A. C. Thomas, of Gosford, who was nominated by the Bishop and accepted by the Presentation Board ; and he was succeeded by the Rev. W. Lund, a clergyman in dea- con's orders, lately from England.-There have not been any changes among the lay representatives in this Synod.-I propose to resign the position on the Presentation Board of the diocese, to which I was appointed by the Synod in 1877. It will, in my opinion, be inconsistent for me as Vicar-General to call together that Board and nominate to vacant cures while I remain chairman of it. I desire therefore to make this notification, that I now resign my seat on the Presen- tation Board of the Diocese, in order that due notice may be given of the election of a clergyman in my stead. I would also men- tion that a vacancy was created in the Dio- cesan Council, by the resignation of the Rev. R. Chapman before his decease. Under the 4th Constitution of the Diocesan Council this vacancy was filled up by that body on April 2nd, Dy the election of the Rev. B. E. Shaw ; but as this was only an " ad interim" election, a fresh election will have to be made during this session of the Synod. Some of the clergy may remember that " at the Con- ference held last year at Lambeth the assembled Bishops agreed to recommend Tues- day before Ascension Day (May 20th-one of the Rogation Days), or any of the seven days after that Tuesday, as on the whole the most suitable to be observed as a season of prayer for the unity of Christendom and the enlargement of the kingdom of our Divine Lord, and they hoped that all the Bishops of the several Churches would commend this observance to their respective Dioceses." It is most desirable that all the Churches of our communion should be in harmony on such an occasion. I would therefore now give this formal notice of the observance of this day of Intercession, and I trust that all the members of our Church, both clerical and lay, will assist in the observance of it. In the present state of society in this colony it is hardly to be expected that the day can be wholly given up by our people. Still the plan proposed by our late Bishop, and carried out last year, may be tried, that as many of the clergy and their communions as possible should be gathered at one centre, unite their supplications, and partake of the Holy Communion at an early hour of the day, and then that in each mother church of a Parish there should be a special evening ser- vice. This has always seemed to me the most practicable and effective mode of observance ; and the forms of prayer used on former occa- sions being merely a reprint of the English form, might be again made use of. In asking the people to unite in the work of intercession it is not necessary that they Bhould be asked to accompany it with almsgiving. This may ' be left very properly to the good judgment of the clergy. If the hearts of our people are prepared by prayer and the Word upon the day of Intercession, the act of giving to the work of missions may very confidently be left to the season of Whitsuntide, when we in this Diocese have regularly made our collections for the S.P.G. during many years past. To this society we owe a debt of gratitude, and I would strongly urge its claims on this Diocese, by keeping up the annual collections for it at Whitsuntide. In connection with the subject of missions, I am happy to bo able to state that by an arrangement of the Rev. Canon Selwyn and the other clergy of Newcastle, a meeting will be held here some evening during this session of Synod, to enlist the sympathies of the members of our church in this most interesting part of our work. I trust that very many of the members of our church in this seaport will attend this meeting, and that it may lead to some united effort in the Diocese to give effective assistance to the Board of Missions connected with the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania. There is one subject to which I am anxious to draw the attention of my brethren.the clergy. It io connected with a question asked of and answered by the Bishop of Newcastle last year. The question was asked by Canon Selwyn, and is No. 93, p.p. 33, last report of Synod, and is as follows : " Is it the intention of his Lordship the Bishop, in view of the rapidly increasing number of marriages being celebrated by the civil registrars, to facilitate by all legitimate means marriages by the clergy; and with this view to abolish the present form of licenses and fees?" The reply of the Bishop through the President was as follows : " I am quite prepared to facilitate by all legitimate means marriages by the clergy, and with this view to abolish marriage license fees, and the second unnecessary declaration, and to retain only very small fees for the officiating clergyman, and the sexton, as ten shillings and two shillings and sixpence respectively." I am anxious to clear up this matter, because some of the clergy supposed that, from the time of that reply beung given, licenses for dispensing with the publication of banns were altogether abol- ished. A careful reading of the question and of the answer will show that nothing of the kind was asktjd or cpnßented to. It was only the present form of the license-the first affidavit taken before procuring a license, which was sought to be abolished. I need hardly mention that the power to grant licenses for dispensing with banns of mar- riage, has been for many hundred years a law of the Church, and a privilege of our Bishops derived through the Arch- bishop of Canterbury. It does not seem possible, therefore, that any individual Bishop, much less a clergyman, should have the power to abolish liconses. They have not been abolished in the metropolitan diocese of Sydney ; and our Bishop, after long consulta- tion with me on the subject, came to the con- clusion that the abolition of them in their present form was a question for the House of Bishops to consider and decide upon. The difficulty which presented itself to some minds was the requirement of two- somewhat simi- lar-declarations on oath hythe same person. In his reply the Bishop said he was ready to abolish " the 2nd unnecessary declaration," moaning probably the affidavit for obtaining a license ; for the declaration (XIX Victoria, No. 30) required by law to bo made " before Surrogate, District Registrar, or Minister," must be taken in any case of marriage either by banns or by license. However undesirable the multiplication of oaths may be, yet it must be borne in mind that the affidavits made in obtaining a marriage license are required to bo made for thatverypurposa (the particular forms of affidavit being founded on and spe- cified in various Acts of Parliament both here and in England), and the surrogate who issues the license is not necessarily the cler- gyman who solemnizes the marriage. If the surrogate in every case solemnised the mar- riage, it must be remembered that the interval between making the affidavit for a li- cense and the declaration required by the above-named colonial statute is not (it certainly ought not to be) reduced to a few seconds. The rule of our church has not in the least been altered by the Colonial law. The clergy are in the same position with reference to the solemnization of mar- riage as they were before it was passed. They must marry either by banns or by license ; if they omit either, they are breaking the law of our church. I feel sure that every one of my clerical brethren will admit that it is very undesirable for any one of us to break a long established rule of our church on our own authority, or to suit our own particular opin- ions. The assembled Bishops at Lambeth last year felt so strongly as regards diversity of worship that they have left on record these words, which I trust may have their weight with ourselves in reference to this question. They express an earnest " h )pe that church- men of all views, however varying, will re- cognise the duty of submitting themselves, for conscience sake, in matters ritual and ceremonial, to the authoritative judgments of that particular or national church in which, by God's providence, they may be placed." I find by a return sent me from the Diocesan liegistry in Sydney, that many of the clergy of this diocese who have been duly appointed surrogates, have not issued licenses for several years past. I am not aware whether this arises from their never solemnizing marriages, or from their dispensing with licenses altogether. I shall of course know when an archidiaconal visitation takes place. If the latter is the reason, I con- sider that they should at once resign their office of surrogate, and return to the church's prayer book plan of marriage by banns. As I have previously said, the Bishop had several consultations with me, after the session of last year, in reference to the points raised by Canon Selwyn, and the conclusion at which he arrived was that matters should remain as they are until the whole subject had been fully discussed and settled by the bishops of the Province. This is the reason why I have brought this subject before this Synod. The Provincial Synod is to meet in the month of July next, and it might be well to make the marriage question a subject of reference from this diocese, together with the other subjects. If the matter is only ventilated it may lead to some definite and united course of action. The report of the Diocesan Council, which will be read by the Secretary, enters very fully into the mode of disposal of the funds of the diocese last year. I will therefore only say on this point that it is absolutely necessary that all the districts should this year send in their full amount of contribu- tions to the stipend fund. I will very briefly allude to the desirability of proceeding with the work which the Diocesan Council was in- structed to prepare for Synod this session. Several ordinances, as you will see by the business-paper of to-day, have been prepared by the Diocgsan Council, after much anxious thought. By the Constitution 29, it is provided " that in the cases of the dioceses of Newcastle and Goulburn respectively no rules or ordinances which shall be made by the Synod in the absence of the Bishop shall acquire any validity by the assent of the Commissary or President of such Synod, but that all such rules and ordinances shall have full force and effect if the assent thereto of the Bishop shall be signified, under his hand and seal, at any time between the passing of such rules and ordinances, and one month after his return to the Diocese ; or in the event of a vacancy in the See, within 3 months after the arrival of the new Bishop in the Dio- cese, any provision in clause 6 of these consti- tutions to the contrary notwithstanding." It is clear, therefore, that any rule or ordinance which may be passed by us at this session can have no force or effect until it shall have been assented to by our future Bishop within three months arter his arrival in the diocese. Consider- ing the uncertainty of the time when we may have another Bishop, it is a question worthy of very careful consideration whether we should proceed with those ordinances which the Diocesan Council has prepared, and which are on the business paper. I hope this question will be carefully and calmly dis- cussed, for, in my opinion, three months are scarcely long enough (unless he were one of ourselves) for a Bishop, who may be unac- quainted with our past work, to form so cor- rect an opinion of ordinances passed during his absence, as to be able to give his assent within that short period.-I shall only add to what I have already said, that I trust, during the interregnum which must neces- sarily take place before the appointment of a new Bishop, all church matters will go on as they were when our late beloved Bishop was among us, no changes will be made of which he would have disapproved. That we should all in our several vocations work in harmony with one end in view-the winning souls to Christ. There is very much to be done at the present time in this diocese -one or two new districts might be formed, if me» could be found and supported to minister in them. Assistance is much needed ' in some of the larger and scattered parishes for those who are now ministering therein. More attention requires to be devoted to the religious instruction of the young, and more effective agencies are needed to carry out the work ; from many of our psrishos regrets come that it is found very difficult to obtain teachers for the Sunday schools, and, when obtained, to ensure regularity of attendance. While it must be acknowledged that a great deal is being done in the work of Sunday schools throughout the diocese, and miny persons, busily engxged during the week, are making great sacrifices to do God's work on the Lord's Day, yet doubtless there is room far more help in this direction, especially from the young men of our towns. I most earnestly commend this subject to the con- sideration of the laity of the diocese. I would especially ask the young, educated mon of our towns to come forward and help their clergyman in the all-important work of giving religious instruction to the young, not only on the Lord's Day, but, if possible, during the week. The system of public educa- tion established throughout the colony requires this of us, if we are to become a God-fearing and truly Christian people. It should be remembered how many bright examples of churckworkors in this direction exist in the mother country. Many of our best and most learned men in Eu »land-men who are fully occupied with worldly business -give themselves up to this good work in various ways. Certainly there aro many in this diocese who might assist in such work here, who have not yet come forward. There are many who might strengthen the hands of their clorgymau, and help to dispel the great ignorance of the things of God which exists around thom. I trust that what I have here said may encourage many to come forward and render help. I have already detained you longer than I ought to have done, but I pray that what I have said may be received by all here as the real wishes of the heart. We are now to proceed to deliberate on vari- ous matters which, we trust, will be for the welfare of our beloved church. Let all our deliberations be carried on with a simple eye to God's glory, with the sincere desire to extend the kingdom of our dear Lord, and above all, in love and good-will towards each other ; and while we thank God for all His servants departed this life in His faith and fear, especially for him, our re- vered Bishop, who has now gone to render his account, let us all, clergy and laity, remember that our wisdom is, under God's grace, so to follow the good examples of those who have gone before us, that when our time comos we may also render our ac- count with joy. My brethren of the clergy, let us all take heed to the flocks-the lambs especially-of whom the Holy Ghost hath made us overseers ; let us take heed to feed them with food sufficient for them. My brethren of the laity, may you endeavour to bear with the imperfections of the clergy placed over you, remembering they are but men of like passions with yourselves. May you strengthen their hands in the arduous and responsible work which they have undertaken. Finally, let us all, like the christians of old, be of one mind, striving together in our several vocations and ministries, not to mag- nify ourselves, but to magnify God, oven the Eather of our Lord Jesus Christ, in all that we do, for His dear Son Jesus Christ's sake. On the motion of Mr. C. BOLTON, seconded by Mr. HE&Y;, the President was thanked for his address, and asked to allow it to be entered upouthe record of Synod. The PHESIDKITX gave his consent ; and explained that the Bishop of Sydney and the Bishop of Bathurst had promised to aid the diocese in overtaking some of the work which, through the illness of the late Bishop, had fallen somewhat behind. He admitted that Mr. Bolton had properly characterised Mr. Erederick White as fit for the duty of inspect- ing the station property of the Bishop, and felt sure the Synod would acknowledge that Mr. White had undertaken a great work. THE 1ATE BISHOP OF TUE DIOCESE. Having procured the suspension of the standing orders, The Eev. Canon SELWYN said that as one of the oldest clergymen, and one of the longest standing in the Diocesan Council, he had been asked to move the following resolu- tion. It expressed forcibly the feelings that he was sure actuated them all, as they cer- tainly actuated him at that moment. (Hear, hear.) He would read the resolution : " The Synod desires as its first duty on this occasion to express its heartfelt sense of the heavy loss which the church, and especially the diocese, has sustained by the death of the Right Eev. Eather in God William Tyrrell, first Bishop of Newcastle ; and to put on re- cord its deep feeling of gratitude for the bene- fits which, through the grace of God, his epis- copate has conferred upon the church-his untiring and unbroken devotion to the duties of his high office during the long period of 32 years-his watchful oversight bestowed un- grudgingly on every part of his diocose-his munificent liberality in aiding to the best of his power whatever was undertaken for the extension of the church, and in maintaining the ordinances of Divine worship-his self denying dedication of all that God had given him in making provision for the future wants of his people-and his faithful and zeal- ous care in preserving the diocese committed to his charge in the Doctrine and Discipline of the Church of England, demand the Synod's hearty acknowledgments, which it hereby gives, in loving tribute to his memory, and m the prayerful trust that it may please God to raise up in due time a worthy successor to him, whose departure is now deplored. That this resolution be communicated to his nearest relations in England, and especially to his sister Mrs. Blandy." In moving that resolution he heartily en- dorsed every word-(hear, hear,)-believing that it did not comprise merely commonplace laudatory thoughts, but that it was a real ex- pression of real feelings. (Hear, hear.) He was satisfied that as the years passed on, however much in the past many of them had been disposed to blame the late bishop in some things, they would all readily forget those things, and would remember to the end of their lives the excellent qualities he dis Elayed. (Hear, hear.) It was too early to know ow his wise, his long cherished plans for the welfare of the diocese, would in the coming years turn out. However, there seemed reason to believe that these plans would not fall very far short; that though they might not succeed to the utmost of "his expectations, they would not fail altogether. But it could not be de- nied that he had at heart constantly the wel- fare of the diocese ; that what he did, he did with the wisdom that God gave him, in the loving hope that what he did might be a bene fit to generations yet unborn! Wh^wT3 might be thought of the Bishop's work ii tET view of man, he was satisded that it wouu not fail in regard to the honor of God ani' the salvation of the Bishop's own HOU] H . work would earn its due reward in the' iurW ment to come-of that he was suro Th¿5$ might therefore lovingly forRiro any 8norTi comings, any little errors or failing/, for w who had none of these was moro fran man They cannot dare to hope in the successor J the Bishop one who would be so entirely able and worthyashim whose loss they nowdenlored They must look forward to tlio time when* they would have a new Bishop. They must pray that the new Bishop would follow ia the footsteps of the late Bishop. As the years passed on they would read with moro and more reapect many of those admirable charges which the late Bishop was accustomed from, time to time to deliver in that hall. Those deliverances would bear re- perusal. As th& President had said, they would show their wisdom by not rashly or hastily deparfcinrr from these plans of the late Bishop ; w¿jc| he had laid down for their guidance. H* hoped that the memory of the late bishop would be ever present with thora in the years to como,-to every one of them ; and that they should strive to do as they could have reason to believe ho would h .ive thom do, And he hoped thattheeldersof them especially would never forget his example, but would be comforted and guided by it as long as they lived. He trusted the Synod would carry the resolution unanimously as a tribute such as they would desire to see handed down to the generations that are to come, re-pectini? him. whose loss they all deplored. (Hoir, hear,) Mr. C. BOMOX seconded the motion, which was consonant with his own feeliugs and due from the Synod to the memory of the Bishop. « The Bishop had laboured earnestly for the ^A welfare of the diocese, and had pertected the organisation of it. That had been his single aim through life. The Rev. Canon WHITE suggested that the resolution should be amended, so that it might be forwarded to the nearest relatives of the late Bishop. The Synod should do that, to show that while sensible of its own loss, it did not forget those at a distance who had lost a relative, especially that noble sister, who had been associated with the Bis- hop in his good work. While they were ex- pressing their sorrow, theytílnuld not confine themselves to that. They should express de- vout gratitude to God also. The Bishop had done his work. He had been removed just at the very best time. So well had he done the work that the effect remained-the best test of good worth ; and the diocese went on, thanks to the organisation he had perfected, almost as well as when he was within it. The Bishop had initiated and established a work which would endue for all time. (Hear, hear.) There was one thing he desired to mention with regard to the Bishop's self-denying labours. For many years he lived entirely upon his Government stipend of £500 a year, and devoted the whole of his own large in- come to the good of the Church. That fact Bpeke volumes. The Bishop in his apparent neglect of Bocial courtesies, was actually setting a good example of self-denial. (Hear, hear.) The Eev. E. D. BODE thought that as the resolution was a special one, it should be carried in a special manner, by all tho Synod rising when it waB put. They knew that the " successful man was regarded as ahero ; nothing,, it was said, succeeds like success. But whether the Bishop's plans succeeded or not, he de- served credit for his intentions. The objects of his life were of the very greatest impor- tance, and the scheme he elaborated was earnestly conceived in the welfare of the diocese. He wished to endow every parish in the diocese against the time that State aid fell in, so that there should be a certain in- come for every incumbent in the parish. He desired not only to strengthen the position of the clergy, but also to lighten the labours of the laity. A large- minded man is apt to for- get many details. His mind is so absorbed in his great projects that he may seem careless and harsh on minor points of conduct. But all who reflected would be satisfied that morally and mentally the late Bishop was a great man (hear, hear) ; and he thought it would be difficult to obtain a successor in the see who would fill with the same dignity^, ability, devotion, and self-denial the chair which was now vacant. He only hoped they would obtain such a man. He hoped that as the resolution was of a special character, it would be carried in a special manner. (Hear, hear.) The PRESIDENT said there were many points in the Bishop's character which. he might have touched upon in his address. Before Bishop Selwyn died, he had been desirous that the Bishop of New- castle Bhould visit England. But the latejk Bishop of Newcastle had not cared to leavö^ the diocese ; he wished to die in it. Another point : the Bishop's projects would probably be a success. They would require forbear- ance, patience, but there was hope that they would by arid by be carried out. And if they were not, it was the spirit in which they were oonceived that would earn a reward. When they thought of the bishop's life of seclusion, they would surely say that that argued self restraint and self-devotion. How many of the clergy would have venturod upon such a life for thirty-two years ? The resolution, as amended according to Canon White's suggestion, was then put and carried by the members of the Synod, who all rose to their feet as it was read by the Presi- dent. Tho President laid his appointment as Archdeacon and Vicar-General on the table. The Synod adjourned to seven o'clock in the evening. 