THE EXPLORER An Explorer's Diary. XIL. (Continued from last issue.) BY DRAMINGO. ON the 3rd December I started from the Anthony lagoon to see if I could get a creek of any sort to the north. I had rather strong hopes of doing so at leaving, for, as I mentioned before, a flock of pelicans had left our camp and made nearly due north. All the morning I travelled over fine downs country, but of course suffering from the dry weather, and at about 1 o'clock reached the bau hinia forest that generally fringes the edge of the spinifex country. Here I spelled for a couple of hours, as the weather was now very hot On starting again I kept a straight course north, and after crossing one or two slight rises came to a long stretch of coolibah forest coarsely grassed and very full of holes. Towards evening I got out of thia and into spinifex once more, and at sundown was still on the same monoto nous stretch of desert country. I gave the two horses as much water as I could spare, and, as there was nothing for them to eat rode on without spelling more than half-an-hour. It was a fair moon, and the travelling not bad, bo I made good progress ; but always was it the same. There was no possibility of telling whether the ground was rising or falling, or whether I had crossed the watershed of Cressweil creek. The only difference I could notice was in the increased Bize of the timber through which I was riding, and this was a bad sign, as it looked as though I had got on to a tableland which would probably extend without a break to the heads of coast rivers. At 10 it began to be time to think about turning back, as it was probable that my horses would not carry me to camp if I went on further without getting water. I had made up my mind that if I could find any sort of watercourse I would chance following it, but there wbb not the ghost of one to be seen. Always the same— spinifex, gum trees, and ant-hills. I went on until midnight, and then pulled up and put the question to the decision of chance. I had a loose shilling in my saddle pouch, so I tossed up — head, go on ; tail, turn back. A good allegorical rendering I thought The first cein ever tossed in that spinifex desert ungnllantly turned her Majesty's face to the earth. The oracle said "Qo back." I lingered for some time in the hope of hearing some night bird in the distance, something that would give me a little hope of getting a creek, but there was no Bound ; the deepest silence reigned everywhere around. I went two miles to the westward to see if there was any chance that way, but it was jußt the same—dead level tableland, stretching pro bably for scores of miles to the northward. From subsequent knowledge of the country I may say that had that shilling turned up head in all pro bability this diary would not have been written. There was no grass, so it was no good turning the horses out, and I rode south disappointed once more, but I was not so well used to fruitless trips as I afterwards became. On the line I went back the spinifex had been burned some unknown time before, and there was nothing but the anthills to break the dreary monotony of the bare ground. Their striking resemblance to gravestones—by moonlight— never struck me before that night Altogether the scenery was not cheerful. When I got out on the downs I gave the horses a short spell and a little water that I had left, and they carried me back to our camp without giving in, although I had had to ride pretty con stantly since leaving. There was nothing for it now but to stick to Cressweil creek, and hope for better luck further westward. We started at sundown, and travelled down the creek by moonlight for some seven or eight miles before camping. In the morning, as the traverse had not been sufficiently accurate, Briggs and Hedley went across to our camp of 30th November, to connect with that line, and I went on down Cressweil creek with the horses. They overtook me about 10 o'clock, but up to that time we could find uo water. Many deep holes that in an ordi nary season Bhould havo had plenty wcro quito dry, and the country presonted a terribly parched appearance. About tho middle of the day wo came to two small waterholes, and camped. In the afternoon I rode on by myself, and found that the creek ran out into a great tract of flooded country—a nice mixture of bluebush flats and polygonum swamps ; all dry, of course. I returned without being able to find any clue as to the course of the creek. A small mob of blacks had been camped at the waterholes — which, from the number of death-adders we Baw there, we afterwardß called Adder camp; but they must have Been us coming, for they had decamped, leaving some of their weapons and water-vessels behind. Round their camp were the heads and bones of some scores of pelicans. On the next day we started again, and went due west, hoping that the creek would make again. The most fearful piece of rotten country I ever rode over was tho experience of the first eight or nine miles—an endless blue-bush flat, so cracked and seamed that the horses could scarcely go a hundred yards without one of them coming to grief. During the afternoon we got on to higher land, and camped at sundown for a spell, on some good downs country. After 12 we saddled up again, and passed over good downs country until daylight ; then we saw a belt of timber before us, and began to hope we hud got a creek coming from the north. The timber was ou the edge of flooded country, and we were soon oncf- more amongst the polygo num. We were in this until nearly 0 o'clock, then we crossed a plain of loose white dust, and then into a barren coolibah forest, aud at half past 11 pulled up. Tho horses were very much distressed, both daya having been intensely hot, and it was very doubtful if all of them would get back to Adder camp ; it was useless going on, as it was risking the safety of the whole party with out reason. I caught a fresh horse, and told Hedley to do the same. I told him to go south for about eight miles, and if he found nothing to return. I went on west Briggs stopped to mind the horses—the most tedious job of all. On a westerly course I soon came to nigh country, and saw it was useless to expect any thing that way, so turned back and went to the northern end of the plain we had crossed, and had another search amongst the lignum and wattle scrub for a defined channel of some sort, but without any success. I turned back to camp, and as I rode across that plain I think I bad the most vivid conception of the confines of hell that ever a man had. Columns of white dust raised by the whirlwinds were moving about, and looked white-hot aa they towered above the quivering line of forest The heat-haze was so great that every tree and bush looked twice its natural size, and appeared to be dancing up and down; and, as if in mockery, two or three light thunderstorms were gathering over head. Small as they were they would have been of inestimable service to us, but they knew it, and carefully abstained from falling. When I got back to where we had halted I found the camp in a state of siege, Briggs having his hands full keeping the horses away from the water-bags. The poor brutes were very bad, and things altogether were cheerful. Briggs had worked out the traverse time, and we were nearly 37 or 38 English miles from the Adder camp. This was a long way to go back over such terrible country, but there was nothing else to be done to save the horses. We packed up, and made some tea, and at € Hedley came back. After what I had seen of the country I was not much disappointed when he told us that, as far as he went to the southward, the flooded country continued, dry and unchanged; he had seen no sign of a water course of any sort. Aa it fell dark we started back—our only chance now to save the horses. Strange to say, a fire seemed to possess a strong attraction for them, and whilst packing it was with great difficulty we could keep them out of it Hedley's horse and mine had had a dish of water a piece, when we stopped in the morning; we now gave them another, and Briggs' horse one, but it was as nothing to the thirst that consumed them. Evidently we had got into the middle of a great tract of dead level country, where in flood time the creeks were lost, and their sluggish waters formed into great shallow lakes and stag nant swamps that soon evaporated, and left scorched and drought- smitten plains instead—to be burnt up year after year by the pitiless summer sun, until another rare deluge should turn them into short-lived lakes and swamps once more. Fortunately the night was cool, and once or twice there was a feeble attempt at drizzling rain —not enough to have damped a sheet of tissue paper ; but little as it was it cooled the air some what, otherwise I scarcely think we should have got a horse back to the water. At the earliest dawn we got back to the camp where we had spelled during the first night after starting, and just then a heavy black cloud arose, and hoping for a shower, that would have saved us having to recross the terrible blue-bush flat, we pulled up and waited. The cloud passed over without any rain falling, and beneath it broke the light of another burning hot day. When we started we left one of the horses be hind. He was an old horse, with one blind eye, and we used generally to let him follow; he missed us in the dark when we pulled up. He never got in to the water, and we never saw a track of him again. As the day got hotter the horses seemed to lose heart, and began to straggle about in an aimless kind of manner, giving us great trouble and taking a great deal of extra work out of the horses we were riding. The flat was simply in describable—so bad was it that the horses, in spite of the thirst that was tormenting them, would round up in a mob and refuse to move, so frightened did they get with constantly stumbling. At last, when about four milea from the Adder camp, I sent Briggs and Hedley on with the strongest horses, and stopped behind to bring on four who seemed weaker than the rest. Two of them were mares, and they seemed to be suddenly possessed with every perverse spirit of evil that exists; they would go any way but towards the water, and, only that the horse I was riding was unequalled for endurance, they would speedily have reduced me to the necessity of walking. At 11, or shortly after, a light thunderstorm fell, but the horses were too far gone for any outward application to benefit them much. They sucked up the tiny pools that vanished almost as the rain ceased falling ; and the flat was worse than before, for it was slippery after the shower. One of the horses speedily fell, and I could not get him up again ; the other soon followed bis example, so I coupled the two mares together to save my horse extra work driving them, and got to the water about an hour after the others. Briggs said that he and Hedley had had great trouble in getting the main lot back to water ; some of them seemed quite mad, it gave them all they knew to keep them ; even when within half a mile of the water they would not go straight for it. After an hour's spell, which was absolutely necessary for the horses, I Btarted back with a water- pack for the two I had left on the flat. One was dead, the other dying, when I got there. The dying one was an old favorite of mine. I held the poor fellow's head up whilst he drank the water I had brought—it was the last kind ness I could do him ; he was too far gone to rally, the infernal blue-bush country had killed him. I had not brought a pistol with me, so I had to leave him to die alone, under the bright moonlight on tbe desolate Hooded flat ; and as I rode back I felt, I think, more sorrowful than I would have done for a human compauion. A man knows what he his to expect in the outside country, but a poor devil of a horse never has the option given to him. It was midnight when I got back. Briggs and Hedley were bo sound asleep that they did not hear me ride into the camp, and no wonder, for this was the third night in the saddle. puring our absence the black- had returned, and removed their weapons and water vessels ; we saw nothing of them, however. Two days after this disastrous trip I made another attempt to trace the course of the creek amidst the many disconnected flats and channels in which it was lost below our camp. I succeeded in finding one that I thought might eventually lead to something, but it waa too late to do anything that day. As I came back on a more southerly course, I crossed a large polygonum swamp running north and south, but whether from north to south, or from south to north, no ordinary mortal could tell. We were now almost out of rations, and en tirely dependent on game for our living, ducks and pigeons being our principal articles of diet We had enough flour for a few more days; sugar had been done some time; tea was only used once a-day, but tobacco, strange to say, wbb plentiful, although that is an article that gene rally runs out first On December 111 started to try and follow the channel I had been on the day before. Hedley went with me for the first fifteen miles in order to take back the paokhorses that had to carry a supply of water out The creek looked rather promising where we left the bags and he turned back, but when I went on it suddenly disap peared and left me stranded in the middle of a stretch of forest without the ghost of an indica tion as to the best course to follow. However, following the example of Columbus, I kept on steadily for the setting sun. [TO BE CONTINUED. J 