INDIAN PRODUCTS FOR AUSTRALIA. (Ta the Editor of the Heral nd dAdrocatc.) DEAR SIB,-SAmeIl time ago your Sydney correspondent, "who goeth about like a hungry ghost l.okxeg for a stray pLIr,'" enlt(IOd my oflice in search of mat nrol for a "1 cal." Hnaiing I intended exhibiting a few Indian -eels (which 1 have succeeded In raising at Redmyre) at the forthcoming great show, he made a mental note theteot, and next day my intention was duly chronicled in your peges. Some time afer, my attention was drawn to a 'etter signed by a M:. William lb erths ing, I think, from which I was glad to learn that he also b.-d been experiment ing in his garden, and had succeeded in getting many Indian seeds to bear. WXhn I had the hot ui, Sir, to occupy the distinguished seat which you now so worthily and /idly fill, nam ly, the ed.toria chair, I tried to induce a little interest in the subject of an interchange of products between the Indian and Australian colonies. It's a wide subh ject. We might send horses, wool, dried fruits, jams, metals, demagogues, sad larrikin=, andtreceive back gunny bags, spices, rice, dyes, nautch girls, tigers' skins, &C0.; However, I tried to show that we night grow many of these dy -s, drugs, cereals, and spices for our selves in our onn favoured sunny soil. i have from time to time written o.- the subject in the Sydney papers; and at my own expense, I last year got down a quentity of Indian seeds, including all those mentioned by your corres* pondent, Mr. Farthing. I gave the seeds to Ar. Moore, of the B stanical Gardens, fur diattlbution, and hive not since heard anything about them. I was just wondering if these seeds were those that Mr. Far:hing had been experimenting w th; but wh ther they are or not, I an glad to haill ii him a fellowv'worlker in such a cause. The acolimatisaion of useful plants, that will give novel a m· mercial products, new materials, and hitherto unknoan fodder and good crops to a country, is, I thini, one of the most laudable patmietic tastes a man Can set himself. I woeid, very much like now, if Mr. Farthing would units wita ma in making our l:ttle exlibit es worthy of the occasion as we can. He can either send me what seeds he has, labelled, or I will be glad to let him have mine, and between us, we might be able to wake a very interea'ing l tteo exhibit of seeds and produe s, which are, I believe, en· tirely new to this colony, and, whicb, if largely inttoduced, now that we have proved the flasibili:y of their cultiva. tion, might give rise to flourishing indus. tries, and ascast in developing the resources of this bounlifully endowed lend. My exhibit wil comprise, bro rn and yellow rape, diamond, linseed, Pun. jaubee maine, millets of various kinds, Bejma,-a moot valuable fodder plant; sallowar, prapuod for market; i.!digo plant, leaf and seed, with photographs, shewing the process of manutac tre, and vatious other seeds and Indian curi os ties. If Mr. Farthing, or any other of the gentlemen, who gst my seeds from Mr. Moore, will join me, or let me join them, we might have an exhibit of real practical value, demonstrating in the plainest manner the possibili y of Aus tralla growing her own dyca, her own drugs, her own " baccy and beer " and her own "corn and oil." May they ever increase and abound. Yours, &c.;, JAS. INGLIS. Sydney, 17th March, 1879. 