FEASTS OF PAGAN AND ROME. OF PAPAL BY GIOVANNI FERRERO, B.B.L. Fauchet, in the "Life of King Clovis," page 124, remarks that the Christians sought to justify the adoption of Pagan festivities, as by the introduction of the Christian religion the rites of idolatry were losing their altars, which caused great persecutions and shedding of blood ; and the Christians adopted Pagan ceremonies with the view of peace and concord with the world and the Church, and by this cowardly stratagem the Devil succeeded iu paganizing the Church. Constantine the Great laid the foundation of the world's adultery with the professing Church when the temple of Sancta Sophia was crected at Constantinople, in which Pagans and Christians could go to worship the known and unknown Gods, mimicking the worship of the Spirit minus the truth, . Pope Boniface IV. consummated the iniquity of the profane marriage when he converted the temple sacred to Minerva (the Roman Sophia) the Goddess of Wisdom, and consecrated it to Sancta Maria ddla Itolonila, and to all the saints past, present, and future. The first of November is the great solemnity sacred to all the saints, which is called ' Offnissanti" in Italian, and "All Saints'Day" in English, This Church was the famous Pantheon, sacred to all the Pagan gods, and now the polytheism of modern Rome is practised in the ancient sanctuary of idolatry, The Pagan festivities of the Februales, RvhigaUz, Vinales, Ambar vales, have been transformed into the feasts of the Purification which takes place on the 2nd of February, and is called La Candelara, because of the procession with lighted candles, just like the Pagan Romans used to carry on tlie Fcbruaria. The eve and the anniversaries of martyrs and Baints, their relics and images have taken the place of the VigUes and Lectisterncs. The Pagans prayed to Jupiter or other gods, had processions, rogations, litanies. Papal Rome made Jupiter, Christ, the gods, saints ; Venus, Diana, Ceres, Pomona, are called Virgin Mary under several titles. Let us read what Tertullian writes in the tliird century, when Christianity became idolatrous :—" Good many people are engaged in feast days — in amusing themselves with such fashion, that good manners and morals are altogether corrupted, acting after the teaching of Plato, who pretends that religious feasts must be used for amusement and recreation days. We, Christians, we follow the Pagans' example, though our ancestors converted to Christ reproached to Pagans the very practice adopted by their sons !" Had Tertullian lived at our times, and had he been in Home, through Italy, Spain, France, Germany— what would he have written had he witnessed the Pagan processions, the religious carnivals, the military reviews, with Bishops, and Cardinals, and the Pope with his prelates attending such earthly and fleshly solemnities ? What would he have written had lie witnessed the trophies of triumphal cars carrying immodest madonnas, images with naked statues of angels, pictures, or carved figures of the Deity, representing the Father as an old Egyptian god, the Son as Saturnus, and the Holy Ghost as a huge dove ? But such time is come, and it is the progress of idolatry in Christendom from the third century, and developing the mystery of iniquity in the 19th. One of the greatest feasts of Pagan Rome was the " Secular." or the anniversary of one hundred years of the foundation of Rome. Couriers, or messengers, were sent throughout all the world to invite the Italians to come to Rome. The idolators make long voyages or pilgrimages to the shrines of Polytheism ; sacrifices and offerings were presented to the gods; there were public prayers, chanting of hymns, and all were claiiring the favour of the gods for the State and for the subjects. The Papal Jubilee has nothing Israclitic in its practiec, but all the Paganism of idolatry. Pilgrims go to Rome barefooted ; go to the shrines of St. Peter and Paul, as the idolators went to those of Jupiter and Venus ; processions to the churches of the city, prayers and masses are offered to all kinds of saints, and by suclij pious feasts Papal Rome is enriched by the money which is cast into the treasury of the Papal exchequer. The Dead's Day, following the All Saints' Day, is celebrated on the 2nd of November, aud it corresponds to the Feralia quod turn epulas ad sejndchra amicorumferebant, (Ovidius), or according to Festus, pecudes feriebant, viz. ; They carried their meals on the tombs of their friends, and sacrificed victims of their flock. The Dead's Day had its origin from a legend that has all the probability of truth according to imagination and romance, but not according to Scripture and sound reason, or sound mind, as Paul taught Timothy to think and to speak. Listen to the pious tale which lias done so much good in replenishing the coffers of the Papal treasury. Odille, the Bishop of Clugny, having been told by a traveller that a terrible noise .was heard coming out of the volcano of Etna, in Sicily, aud that groans, cries ; and shouts most painful to hear came out of the horrible furnace, the pious bishop crossed himself and said : —" No doubt those cries and groans are the lamentations of the souls, and Etna is the purgatory !" Establish a good premise, and you are sure you shall have a logical consequence. If there are groans in Etna there are souls suffering there—ergo, Etna is the purgatory. Why not hell ? It may be one or the other if souls are there; but as from hell there is no redemption, but there is from purgatory, provided a ransom is paid, hence the pious bishop, with a little stretch of logic, created a purgatory which if not purifying the souls of the departod, is, however, pnrifying the purses of the living. Accordingly, he commanded that throughout all his ecclesiastical jurisdiction on the day after All Saints' Day prayers, masses, and offerings should be offered for the relief of the spiritual sufferers. The plan was suggested to the Pope, and his successors had reason to thank the unknown traveller for the blessed discovery. Thus Etna, though a volcano of burning fire, is to Rome a mine of shining gold. Ovidius tells us that Eneas was the first to offer sacrifices to the dead. The Chinese and Japanese have an anniversary in honor of their dead. But Cardinal Baronius cannot be confuted by his mistress, Popery. Let us hear him :—" Suetonius relates that the Emperor Augustus assisted in the Isle of Copri in a procession with lighted torches around the tomb of a Roman who had been dead twelve months. Such practice is very much like our feast in honour of the dead." (Amuil Eccl. an 44 sec. 88). Papal Rome has novenaries or nine days of prayers for the dead, beginning on the 2nd November and ending on the 11th, and the Pagans, according to Blondus (Triumph, lib. 2 p. 44), had funeral rites for nine days, which is corresponding to the novene of Papal Rome. Paganism had the month of May sacred to the GoddesB Flora. Popery bas devoted such month to honor the Virgin Mary, and special services are held specially by the Jesuits every day of the flowery month. It is called " The Month of Mary," and it is a modern feast, invented by a Jesuit some sixty years ago. The flowery month is fruitful to the company. I ask any conscientious Roman Catholic, Bible in hand, his own vulgate, whether the leaven of idolatry has not corrupted all the pure and fine flour of Christ's teaching, and if so, how can you, dear Christian Roman Catholic, remain still in that ' Church that has corrupted God's Word P Oh, leave the old Babylon to her doom, and come out of her, my people (Rev. xviii. 4). What concord has Christ with Belial, and what agreement has the Temple of God with idols ? Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you (2 Cor. vi. 15 17). 