That Sewing Machine. AN 0BIQ1NAL 8KBT0H, [Bx Gyp.] AVvonk observing the countcnanco-7 tVint imlox to tho humnn mind—of my frionii M'Gulpin i?k ho opened the little gnto lending into tho nent liltlo house Hint owned him as lord nnd master, one ovcning- a few weeke since, would not linvc'folt overwhelmed with nHtonishnient on being informed thnt tho owner of that countenance wnH not only n good young mnn, Imt n model husband. However, for tho bonolit of thoso wlio had not thnt opportunity, I mny stnto on tho nutliority of neighbours living tue doors oil" on his own sido of tho street, nnd tbnt of several, to wit Jour families, living oppo- Hitc, thnt ho was in tho complelcnt sense of tho term that rara avU- —a model husband. Indeed, it wnH no uncommon thing in tho families thus Hpecifiod to hold him ?p on an oxamplc worthy of imitation by their reapectivo heads. It now becomes my pninful duty to show cause why ho has not only lost thnt cnviablo. distinction, . but also tho poor consolation of being thought a good young man, thereby becoming a ljving illustration of tho deeply-rooted holier in the axiom thnt though it is possible for ono of Adam's race to bo a good husbnnil nnd yet not bo perfect in other ivKpectH, it is utterly impoesiblo to bo a Imd husband' nnd possess nny single virtue whatsoever. i. Hoping thnt the truth of tho nbovo axiom may- (sink duop into tho hearts of our young Benedicts—l waste not ink in nn appeal to tho old—nnd nil who are looking forward to an ontrnnco to that condition of life, I will proceed with a rvcit-nl of nil nnd sundry, of tho reasons whereby my friend M'Gnlpin wiih hurled from his position of model husband.! '? Our better course will bo to follow him through tho little gate, where, in our mind's eye, ho line been standing I whilo wo have been engaged in the task, of introduction. Presuming then that I Lava, taken my reader under my wing, 'will commence our asmodean task and follow tho jaunty steps of my friend M'Gulpin as ho walks up to the door and uses the knocker as only an affec tionate husband (who is acutely alivo to tho consequences-that follow "waking tho baby") can use it. The penetrating yet not startling sound, thus produced has hardly died away when the swish of a dress is heard and tho door is opened by a rntherDrctty young person, whom wo at once judge—and judge rightly—to bo tho.belovcd of M'Gulpin's soul. :? -A certain oscillatory performance only appreciated by the porforriierH follow, during -which wo discreetly turn our hend .another way,, and thon Mrs. M'Gulpin, holding her bosom's lord captive the while, says, . " IJon't go into tho parlour, Horatio love, till you gueas what I've got there lo show you. Now, thoii, I'll give you throe guesses. The first is—" "..Your mother?" .??'-?? ? " Wrong. GuoHS again." " Baby's got a tooth 7" " " Wrong again I Only ono guoes loft, so bo caroful." . ? - "Well, let mo sea—an invilo to Wonnel's party ?" " .".Another failure I So you'll have to lot mo baudogo your oyes and lead you into tho parlour j but don't peep." Liko an obedient husband, such ? X tho soul of woman lovoth, WGulpiiv submitted, murmurless, to a bandngo thnt not only prevented tho possibility of his Boeing anything except el are, but wot intensely painful to the feelings ) and Ujw? yr?? * cd j ?' he tow&h; }*rvni ~n!iieSrhut~'mrca.iity~ to;~a --corner of tho parlour, and there released. ? '. " Now,' then,,. whet .do you see, Horatio?" auked Mre, ? M*GuJpin, triuni-. phantly. ? ?,-????? ? " I—l can't boo anything, my love,' aoVw?re4"M?Giilpini robbing })S? 'oyiie'in , bowsldGrmcnt.;4 ' ! '-i ? !-\:.' j "I don't euppose/yon can,?set?riiig: up at the ceiling. Why don't you look Straight before yon 7" i M'Guljira.at onco bent hie gaze in the 'direction indicated,'and there bow , stand ing, without tho ghost ot a smile on itH countenance—a tewinq-machine. _ , '. ,it- a ; of- coming disaster thatinade M'Gulpin' shiver as ho exclaimed, " A sowing-machine, my dear—-where did you get it ?" And ihon, with another shiver moro decided ;than tho lost, ho added, as he caught night of. the, table,; couch, .and, several chairs 'covered '?'?with a miscellaneous 'aHaortment of drapery, " Aro you going to. net up a dressmnkerV establishment,, my dear 7" ' " No, love, but I'm going to be my 'pirn dressmaker, and do all my, other, sewing as ?well. I've just been reckoning what it has cost mc for sewing the last cix montli?—since baby came, you know : and I find I'll be able to save the price of this machine in less than half that time."., . - : ; " But, my dear, they cost a good deal of money, I thought—and you don'tknow how to use it," said M'Gulpin, in rather an anxious tone. ' "Now, Horatio, don't you think it foolish to Bupposo that people wait till they aro able to uko a maehino before they buy it? Or perlmps you think your -.wife is top stupid to Jeam— it rwoiild bb'just like you if you did ; only I never would have thought it of you," said Mrs. M'Gulpin, in an aggrieved tono. ":My dear, I know, you too well to be capable of such nn injustico. I'm euro you could do anything that it Sβ possible for woman to do," answered M'Gulpin, in a conciliating tone. " Well then, sit down, Horatio—not on that chair. Here, tnke this one, it hasn't got any sewing on, and I'll tell yon all about it," eoid Mrs. M'Gulpin in a mollified tone, and seating herself at the ? same time. : " Now, then, let mc kies you first, Horatio, to show you that you aro forgiven. There 1 you feel better. Well, I went out as I told you this morning I would—and you know, love, I never break my word—to do BOmo shopping. I wns going down tho Btreot when I saw in a shop window a notice that n lot of second-hand sowing machines were for sale very cheap. So I wont'in to boo thorn. I looked at a lot nil very low in price, but Mr. Catch ponnio didn't recommend any till I came to this one. All tho others had Borne littlo fault or other which ho wna candid enough to point out ; but ho said this one was ?h good if not better than a now one, for it had had only Hufficient uko to put it into good working order. I soon decided to tako it at tho price—only think, dear, £7 10b. A now ono like it would cobl just doublo that much, bo Mr. Catchpennie said. Ho unid 1 wne just in tiino, for Hevernl parties wanted to get it, only they didn't havo tho money with them. And, Horatio, it seemed quite n Providence, I had juet tlint much with mc. So I gave him my niUlrc?? and paid for it at onco. I then went on to Mr. Grnbbs' and did my shopping, and Mr. Grabb wns as kind, as possible about booking the things. In fact, he Huemod more planned than if 1 had paid him tho ready money. Ho said ho would .take my order for ivny nmount I liked. But I wns as econo mical bh possible. I don't think 1 bought as much-as I would if Llind had tho money with mc, for Hovcrnl things ho fdiowcd mo I'vo been thinking since I might as well havo taken., 1 got the mnkings ol threo or four dresses for myeelf, and knowing I would Bavo it in tho making I didu't mind giving a higher price for tho, ,mnt?rial than I could havo afforded otherwise ; nnd 1 got-tho mnkings of half-a-dozen frocks for baby, nnd of course I didn't forget you, darling, so I got enough linen— they make tho best shirts out of linen— to make you a dozen shirts. Oh, nnd 1 got n few things for the house, such ns tnblcclothe nnd sheeting, just to practice on hoforo I commence the other things." : " But nro you sure thnt the mnchino iH a good ono ?—you know a good deal depends on themnker," said ns Mrs. M'Gulpin paused for breath. " Yes, dear ; Mr. Catchpennio ex plained all that satisfactorily. Ho snid thnt it was ono on tho Singer principle, but grently improved. So you sco it's even hotter than Singer's, nnd that'e known to bo ono of tho best kinds." " Bnt hasn't it got a name of its own ? 1 could mnko enquiries ns to whether it's a kind much in use." " >io, it hnsn't got n name, nnd for n very good reason too, for if it had, other machine innkere would mnko übo of it— bo Mr. Cntchponnie said. Ami, for my pnrt, I can't sco what good it's hnving n namo would bo. Isn't it Bunynn—or somebody—neks ' What's in n namo ?' And that's just what I sny, for though I ehnll alwnys bo thankful thnt you wore called Horatio, instead of Thomas or John, I should hnvo loved you oven if you had been called Peter or Joseph." Another oscillatory perlbrmnnco fol lowed tho enunciation of this beautiful sentiment, and then Mrs. M'Gulpin said, " Now, denr, we must get tea over ns soon ns possible, so as I enn cpmmenco work. I've got some shirts nnd table cloths ready to hem, nnd I'vo been studying the book of directions. It explains everything beautifully, nnd I'm euro I'll havo no difficulty about learning." If visions of tho bill owing nt Grabb's coming In beforo tho next month's enlnry wns duo. did Hit across M'Gulpin's mind during tea-th'uo, he did not mention the fact to Mrs. M'Gulpin ; nnd when thnt lucnl Nvns over nnd buby fast nsloep, he cheerfully consented to hold tho vnndlo till.she should got fairly started. "I can then manngo by the light from tho gaselier, my love 'j and ' as this inachi.no doesn't mnko any noise, you Trill bo ?Wβ to go on reading cmt v you did Yns€ night," said Mm. M'Galpin, a? they took up their respective position B at the machine; . " The iieodle is in, so "I've only got to thread' it and' Btart to work," she wont ori in a cheerful tone. " Now I wonder whether this thread goes, under or over this bttlo whetl—just hand mo thabook of'directions my dear —I think it's on tlie tabk. Can't you find it—good graciouH 1 Mr. M'Gulpin 1 You re dropping the greaao all-over everything ; you surely can sco light under the gaselier without a whatever you want - with it stuck in your hand I can't see." -???-..? " I didn't want it—-I forgot I had it in my hand," answered .M'Gulpin, in a slightly exasperated .tone.' "And I can't see anything in tho ?hapo of a book."- :?? ' ' '?; '?'"? "; "Well, novor.mind.. I think I:can manago without," said Mrs. M'Gulpin,' adding as ho.camo up, ' . ? ? ? -'? <? Just hold tho candle a -little closer —not that eidol' don't you' see the shadow of my hand right on tho needlo? " And that's jus t as bad... It is so' hard to make a : man undprsjband, any thing/ , ? ' . ? " .:' . ??? ? ? "Well whore am I to-hold it?" asked M'Gulpin, hie exasperation on tho increase. ":Oh,-never mind ' now I've got it threaded—just open out that sheet —not that, can't you see it's a tablecloth— there I now hold tho edge straight ?while I hem it. But wait ! hold tho candle down' till I Bee toplaco my feet properly on the treadlo. That's right, now be quick, for I want to do all thoso sheets and tablecloths to-night." "11'h easy to say 'bo quick, , Angelina, but it's no easy matter to straighten thin con—-—this things out with ono hand, nnd hold tho cdndlo steady with the other." " Whatovcr has come over you- this evening Horatio ? I'vo been marriod to you 15 months and 3 days, and I never hoard you speak to mc like that before— I I—never thought I ehould live to hear you swear at mc." _ - "My dear 7" exclaimed tho horrified M'Gulpin, " I never dreamt of swearing at you 1" " Well you nearly said ? dreadful word just as bad ns a ewear. ; Tableau ! A candle guttering on tho floor, tho flame trying hard to catch tho end of a tablecloth hanging from a chair, M'Gulpin on his knees weeping tears of penitence into ono end of a brand new sheet, and Mrs. M'Uulpin sobbing into tho other end 1 "There I then, Horatio," said Mrs. M'Gulpin a quarter of an hour after. " I forgive you. I know men can't bo expected to havo as much patience as women. See, dear, all you have to do is to take hold of this end of tho elioet and keep it quite straight." ; With nn air of the deepest, contritions M'Gulpin caught hold of tho end indicated mid stepped backwards, first stumbling over tho cat and then over the fire irons but novor onco using parliamentary lunguago or letting go his hold of tho sheet. "That will do, dear", at last said Mm. Gulpin. " Now hold tho cnndlo so that I can 800." "I'm afrnid I can scarcely manage that my dear, and hold thia at tho snnio time." " Not manage !—good gracious 1 you Burcly didn't think I meant you to go to tho othor side of tho room ?—there I let go that corner and como and hold it hero." ? At last everything was adjusted to Mre. M'Gulpin's satisfaction and than with another admonition to Horatio to " hold still" eho prce?od her feet firmly on tho treadle and tried to start. . Five minutes of anxious oxpectancy elapsed and then sho said, " I wonder why it won't move. I'm euro I'vo got everything right—just havo another look for that book dear—per haps it's on tho mantel pieco." Another search more protracted then tho Inst followed, during which Mrs. M'Gulpin snt '?with an expression of angolic pntienco not only on her fuco but in every curvo of her back, tho which had M'Gulpin but soon must havo acted as a Btnnding—or sitting—reproach of the most painful nature. But even tho most angelic pntienco hae a limit some ; whoro, and at last Mrs. M'Gulpin rose with a look that betokened that it was reached in her case, and walking over to the mantel piece took up a small pamphlet therefrom, and holding it under her lord and master's nasal organ, said in a tone of cutting irony, " Can you see it now ?" In a voice in which apology and irrita tion were curiously blended, M'Gulpin answered, " I saw it before, but thought it was a tract." Tho positions preparatory to a start were again resumed, and Mrs. M'Gnlpin regaining her cheerfulness of tone said, " Now lot mo see, it tells exactly how to start.—Ah, it's a wondor I did not think of that I All that's wanting is .lo givo this wheel on tho top a turn, using the treadle at tho Bame time—now then keop still 1" " Click, click, whir" went tho machine for a niinuto and then suddenly stopped. " Dear I dear!" exclaimed Mrs. M'Gulpin, " I wonder what's the mutter now i—Can't you do.something to help mc Horatio, instead of standing there like a like a fish ? If you can't .lo anything elso you might push my chair up close—you can see how it has slipped back—and then put your foot to it and don't let it slip again." M'Gulpin pnshed back tho refractory chair and then with his foot planted firmly on tho back rung, the candlo in tho other, ho looked anxiously over Mrs. M'Gnlpin's shoulder to see her start and screamed out, " Good gracious mc I you are dropping tho cnndlo grease on my neck—and thcro ! you have pulled tho sheet out of my hands 1 I had no idou that men could l>o so stupid." " Had wo not better lenvo it till daylight my lovo ?" asked M'Gulpin in an imploring tone. " No J will not leave it Ull daylight— but if you k aro tired of b.oldip§tho candlo I'll do without you,"—there y&u; can put it down and go." But M'Gulpin didn't put it down and go, and a ?liort time after tho sound of n sewing machine going at a most furious npeed was heard in the land mingled with that of a woman's voice, screaming out. . " Stop it Horatio ! ah stop it 1 stop it— " A sadden crash followed by an almost deadly silence succeeded, and mny be explained thus :—A smashed chair and a confused heap of drapery part of which wraps the apparently life lees form of Mrs. M'Gnlpin on tho floor, nnd'M'Gulpin with a wheel in one hand and a candle in tho other gazing horror- Rtrack at a dilapidated sowing machine. ?.? . ? ? ? 'Jlie next morning my friend M'Gulpin woke to find his repu -tntion as a model husband had vanishod like tho early cloud and morning dow, and from one end of the street to the .other, and several doors round- each' corner, ho was branded ns a domestic 'tyrant of'tho worst possible description. The-most fearful reports which, though differing greatly in detail, were all to tho effect ofvhis having beaten his poor wife almost to death and then smashod up all the farniture, trero in rapid cir culation.. Tho excitement consequent upon tlioeo reports roached a culminat ing point,- as the doctor was seen by various members of seven different families to emorge from M'Gulpin's door, aftor being inside a space of time varying from a quarter of an hour to two hours nni. a half. And then one of tho nearest neighbours, who had been foremost in holding M'Gulpin up as an oxample worthy of imitation, pro posed that the police bo informed of the ."goings on," which proposition was: received with great favor by all and sundry that, hoard it,- tho ' only rowson that prevented its being acted upon boing the divorsity of opinion as to who shonld, or should- not, bo instrumental in carrying it out.' ? '. Tho impressions thus niado on the public mind wore so deeply rooted that lha sight of Mrs. M'Gnlpin walking down tho street some days after with Mr. M'Gnlpin by her sido carrying tho baby, was no.t instrumental in tlioir re moval, and indeed were more than counteracted by tho testimony of sovcral of tho neighbours, to wit two, who counted among the debris removed tho same ovening from M'Gulpin's back yard, the remains of 7 chairs, 8 tables, 2 chests of drawers, and G (or 7 there being a diversity of opinion) sowing machines, besides those of a member of tho smaller lares et penates too numerous to epecify. . ? ? This altered stato of publio opinion has become so trying to tho feelings of my friend M'Gulpin that ho has deter mined to stake the dust of that street from his boots, and remove to nnathor part of the city, where he hopes to rogaiu bin reputation of model husband, lost by the agency of that sewing machine. The subject.of sowing machines does not occupy a very prominent position in the M'Gulpin household, and Mrs. M'Gulpin still gives out her Bowing. But sho hae an idea in her that it, ie amongst certain probabilities in futuro that sho will buy auothor sewing machine, certain conditions, howevor, being at tachod, uainoly, that tho said machine bo a now ono of tho most approved inuko ; and that she receive lesson from a compotont teacher in tho art of workr ing it, such lessons to be imparted when Horatio is out of (he way. 