Tiu. Yous-a ,\s WIno i, HAD FEVlE. The young man sitting just in front of me has been ill. He lay, as I learn from the narrative lie is pouring into the cars of his friend, like Peter's wife's mother, sick of fever. It was no ordinary fever either. It camuse upon him, lie tells his friend, as a low type of typhoid; but soon developed into malignant typhus and then the struggle for life began. For twenty-two days and nights his friends and watchers never left his bedside. I'le point of the most intense pain was located right above the left eye. The young man points it out with Ihis finger and his friend looks at the place curiously, as though lie expected to find at label on it. The young manl is growing rapidly worse. He has got into the medi cines. He is taking a drop of digitalis; now lie is taking three drops; now lie lhas just taken six. lie will never get well I know. His pulse is 103, and the tempera ture of his body is 120. Now lie is talking medical Latin. How a man does love to dabble in the lore of the physician. IHis lpulse is coming up and has reached 118. I know he will die. The pain over his left eye is increasing in severity, and shooting pains are tearing up and down his back. Now ia new pain has set in in both knees. Now his feet are cold, and his dose of digitalis is increased to tell drops and lie is taking two doses every threeo minutes. The temperatiure of his body suddenly falls to 107 dog. His physician standing at the bedside with an American hunting-case, cylinder escapement, full-jewelled, low pressure silver watch in his hand tells himi that if the temperature of the body goes down to 105 dog. and stays there lie will die. Now his pulse reaches 120. The temperature of his body has .gone down to 105s deg. The pain over Iris left eye Ihas received reinforcements and is pounding away like a trip-lhammer. He is suffocat ing with a dull heavy heat, but cannot per spire. More watches are sent for. IIe counts up his insurance. It amounts to 7000 dols. Two more drops are added to his dose of digitalis, which lie now takes every time the clock ticks. His hair is beginning to fall off ; his eyes are heavy; the end of his nose turns cold; his pulse fills; lie gasps for breath ; he'd-- . No, by St. George, lie doesn't. Suddenly, right in the pa1u over the left eye-brow lie perspires. He is saved. The perspiration spreads all over him. ie lives. .Merciful heavens! Cans it be ? Yes, the truth must be told. It is his friend, his weary, unicomplaining, listening friend who dies I \--Burlington Hl- awkeye. CI:.e:; Ci Osis Feo Itsusmr.rTist.-Mr. Ward of Perriston Towers, ]Ross., writes to the Times to tell us that rllheumatiss becomes impossilble if celery is freely used as an article of diet. Unfortunately lie says cooked celery is not used, and it is the article in its raw state to which we are all accustomed. " Cut the celery," hI says, " into inch dice. Boil in water until soft. No water must be poured away unless drunk by the invalid. Then take neow milk, slightly thicken with flour and flavor with nutmeg; warm with the celery in the saucepan; serve with diamonds of toasted bread round dish and eat, with potatoes. Permit me to say," lie adds, " that cold or damp never produces rheumatisma, but simply developes it. The acid blood is the prinmary cause and the sustaining power of evil. While the blood is alkaline there can be no rheumatism and equally no gout." And Mr. Ward proceeds to say : " Let me fearlessly say that rheumatism is impossible on such diet, and yet our medical 2mcn al lowed rheumatism to kill 3640 human beings in 1876-every case as unnecessary as a dirty face. Worse still, of the 30,181 registered as dying from heart-disease, at least two-thirdls of these are due, directly more or less, to rheumatism and :ts ally genout. What a trifle is smallpox with its 2108 deaths alongside an immense layer of over 20,000 human beings ! Yet rheu matism may be put aside for ever by simply obeying nature's law in dict." A M7i,.cuvlous Escaire.-At about half past two on Saturday a loud explosion caused many houses in Penshurst to shake as though an earthqu'ake had occurred, and the alarm of many residents was not les sened at scing clouds of steam issuing from Learmonth's mill, and large loulders being sent high into the air. On inquiry, it was elicited that thei large boiler in the mill had just burst, and as Mr. Allan Lear month was known to be in the engino room, the most serious apprehensions were entertained respeitmg his safety. Probably, not sa few never expected to see itsa alive again, especially on entering the engine roomi and secing the great havsc tihat had been donec. 'lThe place beiiig full of steaum, oloie minuistes elatpsed before anything could be attempted, and then 3Ir. Learumoutli 'swa.s discovered lyinig under i: heap of bluestone blocks of vlhicli the boiler-bed halI been built. As showing tihe weight of somen of these stones, it may be mentionel that levers uhad to be brought into requisitini before Mr. Learmontlh could be rlait ed from Ihis perilous and painful position. The surprise therefore of those who aided in the work may be imagined when it was found that, beyond a slight scalding on the hlead, the eiOtomnbed gentleman had niot received any injusry worthy of mention, anld was soon mnoving alsout almost as actively as ever. ildeed, but for being buried alive, it is almost certain lie would hlave been scalded to deati, as tihe stones prevented the steam reachinig him. It appears that Mr. Lear montlh was a leaning againist the beld of tihe boiler, being about to start the engine, swhen the boiler burst, and hle waas tlhrown doswn and covered as described, his escalpe being as miraculous as tihait of the ncrosnait in Melbourne oni Monday. Thie boiler, whlichl was thirty-five feet in lengtllh by six feet in dilameter, was thrownu a distlance of fully twaenty yards before touelsing tihe groumd, anid 1had it exploded a few- seconds sooser, imust inevitably Ihave hilled a mansi nsamued Styles, who was imending a pump on the line that it followed, but had just stppied os one side to test a soldsering-iron. Whilst the boiler was goiing in one direc tion the steam rushed out in anotlher, send ing largeo stones over Coleman's Ilotel (fifty' yards away), tearing ldownr a Ihayshed, asud conveying a five Ihundired gallon iron thnk full of waater right up to the wa:ll of Mr. Colemasa's house, twvisting thle tsank into all sorts of salpes, and scattering its contents in every direction. Mr'. Stuanley iLearmontll had just got dohn fromn tihe ay, and s a ism' was sabout taking hIis plalce thereon, swhen tIhe explosion scattered the provender about, here, there, and everywhlere. Haid either of them been on the stack at the time, he must inevitably have been killed. In fact, we have seldom or never heard of such a series of miraculous escapes. A man named Me Donald was stunned, but beyond this no person was materially hurt. The damage was confined to the smashing of a number of panes of glass in Coleman's Hotel, the destruction of the hay-sihed and engine room, and the total loss is estimated at L300. The boiler had for some years been used at Mir. Learontlh's mill on the Grange Creek, but being found too small, was removed to Penslhurst. Between one and two years ago it was tested by ia prac tical boilermaker up to seventy pounds to the square inch, and, as near as Mr. Alloan Learmonthl can recollect, the pressure just previous to the accident was only forty-six pounds or forty-seven pounds to the inch, so that there is no accounting for the explo sion.-Hamnilton Spectator, April 17. Nei: Mo? e or BunISxo ite L)E.\D.-A novel proposal, says a contemporary, for the burial of the dead is made by Mr. John McKay of Malvern Hill, Victoria. That gentleman has invented a well-boring machine capable of excatvating holes two feet in diameter to a depth of fifty feet or sixty feet at a very small cost. It is pro posed to utilise it for burial purposes, letting tihe colflins down endways, so tlthat the dead would remain in a vertical position. For this purpose the graves might be made twelve feet or fifteen feet deep, and in suit able soil the expense of boring would be very limited. By this plan, three or four times as many bodies could be buried in a given space, and the extra depth would, it is urged, prevent the rising of those gases, whiclh, in ordinary graveyards are so dele terious to human life. According to the Democrat, San Fran cisco is to be the first city whose streets are to be lighted entirely by tihe electric light. It is proposed to divide the city into dis tricts, varying in extent from one to three niles, each of which will be fed by a suf ficiently powerful Gramme machline. The machlines have already arrived at Now York, and arrangements have been made for adopting two or three different patents. It has long bbeen rumoured by London correspondents of different papers (says the Hobart Town Mercury) that Professor Pepper, of London Polytechnic fame, was to pay a visit to the colonies, bringing with him all his ghost and other scientific appa ratus. This visit will be looked upon as highly important by colonial scientists. Professor Pepper's visit to Australia is due to tile enterprise of a resident of Hobart Town, st Mr. J. T. Cole, who received a hcuter's telegram stating that in all proba bility the Professor would leave by the next mail steamer via Brindisi: the apparatus for tihe lecture illustrations having been already despatched. The engagement is for 200 nights, and the lectures will be delivered in all the principal colonial towns. A man named Brown fell into a boiling vat at the New Zealand meat-preserving works at Waslhdyke on March 25, and was horribly scalded, the flesh hanging in shreds. He was removed to the hospital. No hopes of his recovery are entertained. The gold medal of tihe French Geogra plical Society has been presented to MM. de Brazza and Baliay for their explorations in Western Africa. With twelve native soldiers from Senegal, and runnsing great risks both from fevers and the hostility of the people, they ascended the river Ogowai, and traced its source to a mountain chain not more than five hundred or six hundred kilometres from the coast. This tends to dispel the belief that this river would give access to the centre of the continent. The tribes beyond tihe mountains were very un friendly. A writer in a Christchurch paper supplies tihe following piece of humour :-" In one of the North Canterbury townships anl in nocent and unassuming Maori (it seems rather anomalous, but such is my inform ast's description of the gentleman) had been for some time in the habit of dealing with the local storekeeper. The aboriginal had an impression thnt lie was being had, and purchased a ready reckoner. Thus, on the occasion of his next squaring ulp with the storekeeper, lie was triumphantly enabled, as lie thought, to point out several errors in the account. ' O,' said the astute trades man, who knew there was not the slightest use in arguing with his dusky customer, ' you've made a mistake, Jimmy : that's last year's ready reckoner.' The Maori, admit ting the justice of the argument, left sadly." At what age does it woman cease to be jealous "? In Enficld, Middlesex, about Xmas time an affectionate wife of seventy four committed suicide through jealousy of her lhusba;u,, a roving blade of eighty- tswo. It is said that a maun who will read a newspaper for twelve months without pay ing for it, will pasture a goat on the grave of his grandfither. IHe was in entire stranger to the girls present, and thle boys were mean and would not introduce him. He finally plucked up courage, and stepping up to a young lady, requested the pleasure of her company for the next dance. She loolked at him in surprise, and informed him tlhat she thad not tle pluiesuroe of his acqutaintance. " Well," remarked Cazenoeita, " you don't take any more chtntccs than I do." A young maun in an Austin (Nevada) barber's shop was particnlar about laiving his moustache nicely perfumted. " Going to callon a youeng lady, I suppose ? " the barber askedl. 'iThe young uman, with much dignity, replied: " Soee here, my friemud, do you susppose I put perfmunry oni my mous taclo because I'm going to see a mtan, a boy, or an old weoman, or a babe in arms 2 )o men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles ? " An Illinois man, with a foresight worthy of a better cause, popped thle question oun a railroutd train, and now tie maiidlen is at a loss to decide as to which county she hadd better cosnusneso proceedings in for a breach of promise. A glutton of a fellow was disinig at an hotel, and cut hIis month, wlich being ob served by a Yanlllee sitting near him, lie bawled out, "I say, frieud, don't you maite thlnt ar lhole in your countsenance iany bigger or we sliull all starve." A gentlemanu on walking out one Sui111 day eveninsg, met a yotiug peiasant-girl ewhose parents lived snear his house. " Where atire you going, Jeusy 2 " said lie. " Looking for a son-in-law for my mother, sih," was the smart reply. 