Fiction. Eustace Egremont. By M. A. ^ * ^..Mication in Australia has been purchased by the (Tlie ri(;M of P^ietorB of the Sydney Mail.) TEE hi.-The Game at Loo-Forebodings. Vermont was pretty accurate in the definition ot nisown ;£. jt was made up, a* that of many men of a ? £rf circumstances, excessive pliability of temper bemg rSBgandmostd^gerous element . InteUecr^yhehad I?Zte and his heart was in theright place, buthefailed Sgax'ofmind.a^dtMs^asthefceytoMsfaUures. A rmaid generous disposition, social qualities of a very 'wrfrnr order, made him a general favourite. He could not P_:i nmch less be guilty, of a mean or unwilling Vrion tat he lacked the courage to say 'no' when *h t 'little monosyllable might, with advantage, have vL employed, and was slow to acknowledge the riEtcnce of motives in those with whom he wasbroughtin contact inconsistent with that regard for truth and honour which formed part of his own consciousness. He had lost bis mother at a very early age, and, being an only 'child, had been brought up under the very special supervision of his father -who was a very Bayard in the discharge of his social and moral duties, and who had inoulcated in the boy an almostpagan creed as to the dread of dishonour beyond all possible woe, and that, as for things material, destiny would shape them as it would. As a sort of counterpoise to this Horatian philosophy, the young Eustace was entrusted to the care, in mutters educational, of a young clergyman -minently distinguished for his scholastic attainments— a pronounced High Churchman— a man of fervid and poetic niind. He 6oon imbued his pupil with that love of literature which was, with himself, a passion, and, better still, he sowed the first seeds of faith — not the mere assent to certain formulated dogmas, but the realization of the great truths which underlie the sublime ethics of the Bible, which make the Doetiv of life, and take from death and disaster their bitter nesB and sting. Although falling now and then, weak and unstable at times when he should have been strong, Egre mont did not do discredit to his double training. We shall gee him under many circumstances, but never causing us to be ashamed of following his fortunes. When Carteret left the room, and Egremont joined what the old romancists would call the 'revellers,' Delville Darby was still pretty well monopolising attention. Learned in many varied experiences of life in London and on the Continent, he had much to tell his comparatively unsophis ticated listeners, whose knowledge of the world was, fortunately for them, very second-hand indeed, and who had as yet hardly gathered the 'forbidden fruit.' Some of his anecdotes were by no means edifying, but they served the purpose of amusing his listeners, who, owing to their public school education, were not over- scrupulous in such matters, and might indeed from their own experience have added to his repertoire. Stanton used to remark afterwards, ' His tongue was loose, and so was his morality.' ' Hatton's off, and Carteret,' said Delville to his host, as he approached the group, so now I suppose we may vary the monotony with a little ' tit-up.' Loo, after all, is the only game worth the trouble of playing, at all events until one is fifty years old— with gout, a double stomach, and a vested right to swear at bad cuts and stupid partners.' ' I'm in,' exclaimed Crawley ; ' deuced bad luck lately ?with the balls ; perhaps JFortuna sxva will be more pro pitious with the cards. ' When you quote, quote correctly,' growled Gibus— ' lorUina swvo lata ncgotto.n Gibus is mad upon Horace, and looks personally affronted. Stanton carelessly assents to play. Delvillc looks round to Egremont — ' Won't vou, make the fifth r Egremont's ' good angel ' in the shape of John Carteret Icing absent, ' Mephistopheles ' had the best of it, and, not ?without a sharp pang of compunction, he joined the party. Loo is a very fascinating but remarkably precarious game. Under all the various mutations of the cards a cool head is required ; mistakes are penal ; errors of judgment irreme diable. Now Egremont was not at all satisfied with him self for having sat down at all ; he was somewhat disturbed in raind from his conversation with Carteret, and was alto gellier too distrait to take advantage of the turns of the game to make the most of his cards. The stakes soon ran up from a few shillings to as many pounds. Stanton played a vigorous careful game and held his own. Crawley was reckless and lucky, and at the end of a quarter of an hour was a considerable winner. The others were losers more or less. The order after which the narty were seated was much in this wise. The large telescope table, upon which the supper was laid, had been removed at the same time with the debris, and the ordinary tables replaced. These were of solid oak, supported by substantial pedestals. One was wheeled into a corner and served as a stand for decanters and glasses ; the other, a loo-table proper, being of an oval shape, was in use now for the purpose its name implied, and was placed immediately opposite the fireplace, longitudinally between it and a large cheffonier elaborately set with glass panels. Delville Darby had lounged at the commencement of the game, in his usual listless manner, into the chair nearest to him, which happened to be at one end of the table. The other players seated themselves indiscriminately around. A person with keen sight, knowing when and where to look, could, in Delville's features, read at critical junctures, reflected in one or other of the mirrors, every card which was taken up. After the first quarter of an hour the game proceeded equably enough ; a few sovereigns changed hands, and trawley began to talk of the necessity of resorting to paper currency, when suddenly, as often will be the case at ' un Jinnted,' the pool kept mounting up in the very rapid antnmebcalprogressionwhichhasastomshed and confounded so many players in their time. The cards ran high for several deals, and three or four players stood, a loo in every case resulting. In one respect Delville seemed the 1ln'ucky one, for he invariably threw up his cards sna left the others to fight it out. Crawley, to his 110 small astonishment holding king and knave of ?«i?)£' was looed bv Stanton, who held over him witn the ace and queen, and the two other players, with two 'rumps each, -were in the same predicament. The excite went grew more intense ; there was now £50 in the pool, andDelville held the last hand. Two declared to play. ?Heivule again threw up. Egremont took up three trumps, ?ne won the first trick, but, in his flurry, then played the court instead of the highest remaining trump. All the k» T1? his' but he was looed m accordance with the wb of the game on account of the irregularity mentioned. J-aere was now, therefore, the original £50, and three looes ™J7.e f0?* am°unt, making in all £200. It was Egre mont s deal. All the players, except Delville, threw up JSF ^rl8* and Egremont was compelled to 'see him *' 'mer TOth his own hands or ' miss.' He held not a single «™np, and took » miss' with no better result. Delville, ™*a ve»? weak hand, took the ioo. tiies^ UusJxand coup no one seemed inclined to continue it ui;6' ? ?rilere was little chance of redeeming losses, and RPlf^/l^ kte- Uponsettling up, Egremont found him- £MftT£ to ^riUe Darby to the amount of upwards of r^J ^d,that gentleman stood possessed ot all the available I 0 IT? ' °Za been current 'i the game, besides sundry nifiM rV8ireteemaDleDy-^eQaenextmon'nS' 'AmarvellouB ni«* * * ,'. vas &e; general observation. A marvellous ^e of rascality might possibly have been their opinion becVrty ^^d the mysteries of sleight-of-hand, and \rirti t^re '^ ri8k °f Paying certain games at cards X^fn^rsat a t^fe separated between two looking DeAJtean^y-and.8oda all round, and the party broke up. maS-f , y wastne last to leave. He very astutely ann«l a nUe never t-- allow himself to be talked over upon «n occamon ofthiSkind. *-rabreakfaetwjaiHattOBinthe morning, I believe. Adieu then till we meet again.' He closed the door after him, and was gone. A room in which a lively party has been assembled is always more or less dreary after their departure, and this is especially the case where the genius of order has been conspicuous by its absence, as in the present instance, where a dozen young Mien have been kicking their heck about for a few hours, and confusion reigns amongst the Penates of the host. Chairs and sofas in all possible places, except where they are accustomed to be ; books and papers pitched into heaps out of the way; the caudles flaring in their sockets; empty and half-empty tumblers and tankards; ends of cigars left here and there, and pervading the atmosphere with that indescribably sickly smell which succeeds the pleasing odour of the weed so soon after the last cigar has ceased to shed its fragrance. Egremont stood, his arms planted on the mantelpiece, gazing into the glass, and in a manner purely mechanical reading over to himself the names and memoranda upon the cards stuck, in accordance with University custom, round the rim. He attached no meaning to what he read, but yet, in after years, these cards in their very order seemed stereotyped upon his memory long after he had forgotten the men, and when Oxford was only a dream of the distant past. He knew not that a great crisis in his life was near at hand, but he felt upon his spirits a depression which, like a pall, seemed suddenly to have fallen upon him at the departure of his friends. He was angry with himself for the folly cf play ing — risking and loosing so much money which he did not indeed know where at once to lay his hands upon, and he bit bis lips as he thought of the good resolutions renewed as it were that very evening in his conversation with Carteret, but renewed only to be again broken. Mere money troubles, however embarrassing and irritating, were not to him of such supreme importance in any way as to account for the utter dead dropping down which he felt as it were of his vital energies. In the old ghost stories it was wont to be a favourite sensational description to graphically record, with almost anatomical precision, the gradual sinking of the high spirits of the hero under depressing influences — seen and unseen — from the time when, sword in hand and a jest upon his lips, he entered the haunted chamber, to the dread moment when' the picture walked out of its frame, or the velvet-clad elderly and unpleasant female inopportunely appeared, as only the ghost of an elderly female delighted in doing. 'Do coming events' indeed 'cast a shadow before ?' Or do there exist forces in nature which act as it were with mesmeric influence upon the mind, enabling the perception of calamity without the accidents of circum stance, so that a knowledge is almost realised of something pending without even the idea of its character? It would certainly seem so, and as in certain states of atmosphere, though the sky be clear, men mutter ' there is thunder in the air,' so in the experience of most lives it is found thatthere are times when, without ' rhyme or reason, ' no cause out standing to the point, a cloudy feeling of apprehension creeps over the soul, presaging disturbance to the tenor of our lives, be such tenor ' calm and even,' or troubled and anxious, it matters little. Against this overwhelming depression Egremont tried hard to brace himself. He was not of that age or temperament when peace may be sought by deadening the faculties with alcohol. He paced the room for some time with hurried steps, and then, having first put out the lights, threw himself, dressed as he was, upon a couch. Rapid as the changes of harmony evoked by the wind upon the JEolian harp are the alternations of the mind. In a few moments sleep visited his eyes, nor did he wake until the morning sun was streaming in through the windows. When Delville Darby left Egremont's rooms he proceeded aross the quadrangle to those occupied by Lord Hatton, which he had set apart for his use. He paused for a moment or two opposite the open -windows of a set of chambers on the ground floor of the buildings, from which issued the sound as of a deep voice quoting or reciting with great energy. Delville was a stranger in Christchurch, or he would have known that the occupant of these chambers was the then celebrated Alroy D'Estrange — a man of high attainments, versatile genius, and enormous wealth, but a victim periodically to what his friends termed religious delusion. An honorary student of the 'house' (Christ Church ignores the designation of a ' college ') he kept on his rooms year by year, although only occasionally, and at very fitful intervals, making his appearance in Oxford. Delville stood and listened. ' The wicsed shall be turned into hell, and all' the people who forget God,' thundered the enthusiast. ' Some mad missionary,' sneered Delville to himself, but the words somehow struck home, and he took himself very quietly out of hearing, and entering, without the ceremony of knocking, found Lord Hatton, having finished his letters, deep in the enjoyment of a iragrani' navanntui aim. xcuu-jguu d ia&i-; xuyu. xm iuuj&eu; up as Delville entered, and with a nod resumed his book. ' Who lives in those rooms on the ground floor, in the right-hand corner coming from Egremont's ? ' asked Delville. ' You surely must have heard of him,' replied Hatton; ' Alroy D'Estrange, one of the strangest creatures going; a little cracked, I fancy. Has lately, it is said, joined the New Jerusalemites, and got a notion in his head of regenerating the world. Says awfully strange things to people. I did not know he was up.' ' Is that the man who waR returned for Malford and nevertook his seat?— couldn't be found, in fact, when his constituents raised a sort of ' hue and cry.' ' ' The same,' said Hatton. ' It turned out afterwards that he was then with the Shakers in New England, having joined the sect. A year or two elapsed, nothing was heard of him, but one evening he coolly walked into his rooms here, as if he had come down from town, and the next Gazette contained his acceptance of the Chiltern Hundreds. He wrote a book which all the publishers were mad after; when it was ready to be printed, off he marched into the office, had the type broken up before his eyes, and flung the manuscript into* the fire.' ' I should think he was a fit subject for a de lunatico' remarked Ddville. ' No chance of success in that. With all his eccentricities, he is a first-rate man of business, and manages his large property admirably. What he does with his money nobody knows ; his income may be counted by tens of thousands.' ' Lucky dog ! he can afford to go mad so long as he does not bite anybody. A poor devil like myself would soon be under lock and key.' ' Well,' said Hatton, ' I suppose you will smoke your last cigar, as usual, 'in silent meditation, fancy free;' sol will say good-night. Turn out the lamps, for I told Mike I should not want him again to-night.' Delville Darby was alone, but he was always excellent company for himself, and, having got over the little start given him by D'Estrange, was in excellent good-humour. Treated on terms of intimacy by a Viscount who, when he came of age, would be a wealthy peer^he saw the portals open to pleasant and lucrative society. He had this even ing secured what he was very much in need of, a good stock of readv money, and he chuckled as he thought how skil fully he had managed to clear-out the youngsters without the slightest puspicion having been excited. ' Egremont's money is safe, of course,' he said to* himself ; 'he is the sort of idiot to pay debts of honour, even if the payment left him without a stiver. This will take me to Paris for the Grand Prix. The little Clotilde will be so glad to see me; extraordinary how affectionate the artless creature is when there are petite soupers, and a few napoleons for dress in perspective.' His cigar burnt out, and, feeling inclined for bed, Delville pro ce'eded to extinguish the lamps, which, through opal shades of Venetian glass, gave a soft and pleasant light through tne apartment. He had extinguished them all, except one upon the writing-table, when the idea struck him that possibly it might be worth while to examine the papers strewed about. ' One might come across something which may be of value by-and-bye,' he thought, and, suiting the action to the thought, he took them up one by one, replacing them exactly in the same position. He was doomed to disappoint ment apparently. Beyond tradesmen's bills, circulars requesting bis lordship's patronage, and a letter _ in. a thoroughly aristocratic scrawl from his lordship's small brother at Eton, the pith of which was contacted in a postscript that ' a tenner would be accept able,' there was nothing to reward Delville's search. Failing the table, he carefully inspected the card racks and trays on the mantelpiece, bushels of cards and notes of invitation, cigar lights, pencil cases, and other trifles. Happy thoughtr— the waste-paper basket— 4ie rummages a little in this. 'Most of the contents are in unintelligible fragments;- to all appearance covered with mathematical calculations. At last he fishes out a half-sheet of letter paper written across in quick character^, evidently one of the exercises for ' Collections,' as the terminal examina ation is designated. This, a translation of one of Shakes peare's sonnets, is evidently a condemned copy, some emendations having struck the author as desirable after disposing of the original draft. This is evident from the fact that in the right-hand corner, low down, according to custom, his lordship has signed his august name. Deiville with a quiet smile carefully fold6 the half- sheet, and consigns it to bis pocket-book. He puts out the remaining light, and retires to bed— let us hope to sleep the sleep of the just. Chapter IV. — The Acceptance — Stabtling Nkws. About 7 in the morning following the events described in ) the last chapter, Mike, Lord Hatton's valet and factotum, might have been seen crossing the quadrangle towards Egremont's rooms, where he found that gentleman's scout busilv occupied in putting things to rights after the festi vities of the previous evening. ' The top of the morning to you, Mr. Braden,' said Mike. ' By the powers, it's younger you're growing every dav, and for iligance of figure sure all the ladies of quality will be running after you if you only show yourself in the Broad Walk on Sunday.' ' Be off, you young humbug,*' laughed Braden, a stout good-humoured-looking man of at least 50 years of age. What brings you here at this time of day ? Has his lord ship got the measles, or is the bull pup taken bad ? ' ' His lordship has gone to chapel, and the bull pup is salubrious, thank you. Where's Mr. Egremont — not up yet?' ' Told me to be off and not bother when I knocked at his door just now.' ' Well, then, just be after knocking again, and give him Lord Hatton's compliments, and not to forget breakfast at half-pastS. He's an easy- going gentleman, Mr. Egre mont ; just like ray lord — none of your confound you this and bother you that. You should have had a month with my old master, Mr. Braden, Sir Terence O' Quirk; he never swore except by an Irish saint, and although there is one for every day in the year, he used up the calendar often before breakfast, — not to speak of a lively way he had of flinging bootjacks at our heads, and laying about him with anything to hand. A rale old Irish gentleman, and no mistake. I was brought up on the estate. Poor Sir Terence ! ' ' Why, what became of him ? ' asked Braden. 'Well, he had a mare in training for theCurragh races— a baste that would never have won a donkey race ; but he got an idea that all the Turf were combined to prevent her winning, and that they would not stick at trifles to keep her out of the way. So he had her brought down to Castle O' Quirk, and a'loose box fitted for her in the ould stable, which was big and draughty as a church ; had her food weighed out to her, and grooms told off to sit up in the stable night and day with a loaded blunderbuss, and oiders to fire if any attempt was made to enter the place. Two nights before the great race, Sir Terence, who had been with a few cronies drinking success to the mare in whisky punch, took it into his head to go and see how the watch. was being kept. He got on to the roof of the stable byjja ladder, and, breaking away one of the jalousies of the dormer in the centre, poked in his stupid old head. Bang went the blunderbuss, and down came Sir Terence as dead as St. Patrick's sow. The Orangemen wanted to make out it was an agrarian murder, incited by Bibbonmen, and the parish priest mildly hinted that the unfortunate accident was part and parcel of a great Saxon conspiracy, instigated by the Secretary of State, to kill off all native-born Irish men. The jury, however, found a verdict of justifiable homicide, adding a strong ' recommendation to mercy ! ' And you may be sure, Mr. Braden, the man that fired the shot has never been seen in the counthry since.' ' Is that dark- looking Italian sort of customer still stay ing with his lordship ? ' ' ' Bad luck to him, yes ; he is ten times more trouble than my lord, with, his finicking London ways ; can't do any thing for himself. It is Mike this, and Mike that, from . . _ ? ? j.»ii ? ? _ t i ttri. _? _ j_ i *r j_i»;_i_ T 1 ? — _j ? 1» morning mi mgnx. — w nisi ; i luiuit i near your musier. Mike departs, and in answer to Egremont inquiring 'What's tlie row?' Braden gives hun Lord Hatton's message. Half an hour afterwards, Egremont, fresh and rosy from his bath, -without a trace of last night's emotion or de pression on his mind, is arranging his tie, whistling a tune the while, at the large glass, and shortly after takes his way to Lord Hatton's chambers. The conversation at an Oxford breakfast party ten or twelve years ago would be hardly intelligible outside a very limited circle. Necessarily it would be of the shop., shoppy, or the subjects discussed of an interest purely local ana ephemeral. We will suppose, then, the breakfast over. Lord Hatton orders his horse to be brought to the gates for his usual morning ride. Del ville Darby follows Egremont down the staircase, and, locking his arm in his, strolls with him towards his rooms. ' Sorry you were so hard hit last night,' old fellow,' said Darby. ' The devil seemed in the cards. For my part, I never thought the stakes would have mounted so high. Never recollect such a case before. Mild'eighteenpenny' to reach a couple of hundreds ! ' ' ' Fato suecumbere debimm? the uoet savs. There is not much harm done after all, but ' Short reckonings make long friends.' Come upstairs, and let us see how I stand with you.' ' Don't put yourself out in any way about me,' replied Darby. ' Any time that suits you — next week, next month, three months for that matter; or come and dine with me at the Star to- night. I will get a few choice spirits together, and take your revenge.' ' Many thanks,' said Egremont, ' but this evening I have a particular engagement, and to-morrow must leave for town en route to Essex.' By this time they had mounted the staircase and had entered the room. Egremont went to his desk, took out his cheque-book, and totted up the amount of his drafts since he had last noted his balance. He found, considerably to his dismay, that he had not £50 to his credit. Darby observed his rather blank look, and broke in with ' Don't bother, I say, about the cash ; your note of hand will do, and you can take it up just when and how it suits you.' Egremont did not at all like the idea of executing a docu ment of this character, haying a vague notion, derived from various sources, that it wa- dangerous thus to place himself in the power of any man. But what was he to do ? According to all laws of the society he moved in, it was incumbent upon him to redeem the I. O. U.'sgivenoverthetable. He had not the money to do this, and he could not make up his mind to go to John Carteret, who would have given it to him upon the spot. ' It is only for a few days,' ' he said to him self. ' I will send a cheque as soon as I reach home.' Then to Delville Darby, ' Sorry not to be able to give you a cheque at once, but in a fortnight at the very outside. I will send one if I have not an opportunity of seeing you in town. How much do you make the total r ' Darby produced the I. O. U.'s from his pocket-book — one for £200, other small ones amounting to a little over £20. ' I will write out a bill then,' he said, ' for £220, and we can tear up these bits of paper. By-the-bye, have you a 5s. stamp?' Of course Egremont had not, and Darby having, he said, to call at the Mitre, to make some inquiries, volunteered to procure the necessary document duly stamped, and bring it for signature in the course of the forenoon. Fertile in expedients, and of an ingenuity in mischief almost diabolical, a scheme had suggested itself to Delville Darby's mind, which almost as soon as conceived com mended itself to him as being likely to prove exceedingly advantageous. Troubled by no misgivings, undisturbed by any qualms of conscience, he set himself to carry it out. Returning to Lord Hatton's room, where he knew he would be free from interruption, he opened his pocket book and spread out on the table before him the copy of Greek verses which it may be recollected he had rescued from the waste-paper basket. The verses, consisting of two short stanzas, were written on the lower half of the page, and Lord Hatton's name was signed, as usual, just above the verses, at the right-hand corner of the lower side of the upper half. Darby carefully divided the page, tore up the half containing the verses, and filled in as near the top of the other half a possible an ordinary promissory note j form. He then folded underneath — pressed close down ' with the blade of a penknife — a narrow strip at the bottom of the paper, said strip thus including Hatton'e signature ' affixed, a stamp of which he had an ample (and his present associates would have considered a suspiciously ample) supply. The document was now in due form, the ordinary places for the signatures of the drawer and acceptor appear ing' to be blank. It is unnecessary to tay that he never went near the Mitre at all, but strolled into Egremont's room between 12 and 1, making no reference to business, but asking him to drive over with him to a garden party at Lord Lymford's, to which they were both invited. ' ' Did you think of the promissory note ? ' said Egremont. 'How stupid of me. I have had it in my pocket the last two hours. You had better accept it. I will sign as 'drawer.' Where shall we make it payable — a mere matter of form ? ' 'Oh, atHoare's; my father banks there ; but just keep it for a few days. I would rather send a cheque than have it passed through the bank.' ' Of course, old fellow, only these things must always be in due form. You sign here across under ' Accepted : Payable ? ' ' Darby folded the note, and placed it carefully in 'the inner division of his pocket-book. The conversation then turned upon things indifferent Darby, after a short interval, went off to make himself ready for the drive. Egremont was looking over and sorting the various tradesmen's bills which had fallen during the last few days, thick as the leaves in Vallom brosa, upon the table, when Braden brought in two letters which had arrived by the midday delivery. He recognised at once the well-known handwriting of his father upon one as he broke the seal. (There were seals in those days.) A sort of chill came over him, and his fingers trembled, the presentiment of evil again recurring with full force to his mind. He unfolded the sheet, written in a clear bold hand, and read as follows : — » Delmain Towers, June 20, 1867. ' Dear Eustace, — I feel that I have been in some degree to blame by not making you aware of the possible chance of the calamity which has now fallen upon our house. That you will bear it like a man I feel sure, and, having all the advantages of youth, health, and culture, that you will make a position for yourself, I am also convinced. You must understand that what has happened involves me in ruin irretrievable, and that there is henceforth no place for me in the world to which I belong, and in which my life has been passed. You are aware that our family was originally a cadet branch ef the noble house, the present head of which,' Earl Egremont, . owns half a northern county. Your great-grandfather being about third in direct descent from the first Viscount, the earldom is of comparatively modern creation ; he was a soldier of fortune, having little beyond the commission, but a singularly hand some and fascinating man. His family connections giving him the entree to fashionable society, he ' came, saw, con quered,' and carried off from a host of eager suitors the great heiress of the day, Miss Delmain, the sole surviving representative of the old Warwickshire Delmains — who, under a special settlement, inherited the estates in failure of direct male heirs. Upon her marriage, the estates were again tied up by strict entail, and have descended in unbroken line up to the present time. As you know, I s came into possession during my minority. On my twenty first birth-day I met my former guardians at the office of the family solicitors, in order to the execution of certain formal documents rendered necessary by the termination of their trust. I was then informed of an extraordinary claim which had been recently made for the relinquishment of the Delmaix estates in favour of a person alleging himself to be directly descended from a brother of the heiress, who is recorded to have died before he even arrived at man's estate. My solicitors laughed the whole thing- to scorn, but I deter mined to satisfy myself to the extent of having a personal interview with this claimant, and judging for myself whether he was a mere impudent impostor or some waif and stray of the old family, who really believed that he had legitimate claims. My late -ruardians laughed at what they considered the Quixotic folly of a boy, and the old lawyer at the head of the firm shook bis head at what he no doubt considered a reprehensibly irregular interference with what was strictly his business. I took, however, my own way, and arranged for a private interview, which accordingly took place. I found Delmain, for bo he called himself, a young man about my own age, of very singular appearance and manners ; he impressed me, indeed, with the conviction that he was not altogether in bis right senses. It was clearly no case of vulgar imposture ; on the other hand, he either did not possess, or refused to exhibit, any proof what ever of the truth of the statement he persisted in asserting. Nor, though' I pressed him in the matter, being willing to assist him if a relative, would he confide in me any par ticulars as to his means or position. ' You will know in time,' he murmured, ' you will know in time.' I left him, and have never seen him since; but about three years ago I was served with, a writ of ejectment at the suit of one Godfrey Delmain, and, to make a long story short, he has succeeded in proving his descent from a certain Godfrey, who, had he been forthcoming in 1764, would have succeeded as heir in entail, and he now not only takes the estates, but is entitled to receive profits amounting to many thousands of pounds. I could, of course, fight through the various courts up to the House of Lords, but am myself convinced of thejustice of his claim, and have accordingly directed my solicitors to give notice to the other side that any further defence will be abandoned. It was at once intimated through the same channel that the new owner of Delmain Towers particularly requested that I should not be put to any personal incon venience in the matter of making hurried arrangements to move ; a formal document under his hand, relinquishing all right to mesne profits, was further enclosed. You will, I am sure, agree with me that we should at once give up possession. I have been laying out bo much upon improvements of late years, that the only moneys available for our use just now is the balance, whatever it may amount to, of the last quarter's rente, and this, I fear, will barely suffice to meet existing liabilities. I will meet you in London on Thursday, and we can talk over matters and see what can be saved from the wreck. For myself, I have fortunately my half -pay as a lieutenant in the navy, and must contrive to exist upon that. I grieve indeed for ,. your promising career apparently cut short, but the ' uses of adversity' may in the end be 'sweet,' and in the head of the ' ugly and venomous toad ' of Shakspere's striking illustration there is, maybe, a ' precious jewel.' Writing you this bad news has made me feel faint and sick. It will soon pass over. Good-bye until we meet. — Yours affectionately, ♦*E. Eakle Egeemont.' Eustace had read the letter through, and having ventured to realise the import of the news it conveyed, when a knock was heard at the door, and a telegraph boy entered and placed a telegram in his hands. He tore open the envelope and read as follows : — ' Delmain Towers, June 21. Your father died suddenly this morning, supposed heart disease. Come at once.' The signature was that of the old butler. A clanking of glass and china showed that Braden was busy in the little pantry. Egremont, in a voice in which no emotion was betrayed,- directed him to leave and close the ' oak,' or outer door, after him. Once alone, he yielded to the intensity of his feeling, and, burying his head in the pillows of the couch upon which he had been sitting, burst into an agony of tears. Chapteb, V.— Delvilie Dabby. Delville Darby was speeding to London as fast as the Great Western express could take him, well satisfied with what in his own mind he termed his Oxford campaign. Not a little puzzled had he been, in common with many of Egremont's friends, at tie sudden departure of that gentleman who, without wishing anybody good-bye, had left by the night mail the previous evening, not having 6hown up attiie garden party, or at any of his usual haunts during the day. The death of Mr. Earle Egremont, announced in the Times of the morning, was to some extent an explanation, and Darby correctly surmised so far that he had been hastily summoned to attend the last sad duties to the deceased. But why had he not communicated with Lord Hatton, his intimate friend and schoolfellow, or with John Carteret, who was in great state of mind upon, ascertaining that he had actually gone without^a line or word of explan ation. Darby felt sure, taking everything into consideration, that there was something more involved, than the sudden death of the father, terribly Btartlmg as the news must have been, and it would have been bat natural, he thought, in a man of Egremonfs disposition to have to some extent relieved his feeling by talking over the melancholy event with his more intimate friends. 'What does he do, how ever,' Eaid Darby to himself, ' he Blurts himself Jbto bis rooms, refuses to see anybody, and gets off quietly to the station daring the Hmnpr hour. There is more in this than meete the eye. Time mil perhaps show. At any rate, my promissory notejis as good as cash.' He opened his pocket book and inspected the document, refolding it with great care, '^ placing it within the inner lining. He then com posed himself tor a 'comfortable smoke, listening without taking part in the conversation, occasionally of an animated character, which was kept up intermittently by the other occupants of the carriage. There had lately been perpetrated a remarkably ingenious gold robbery, the amount being very large, some thousands of pounds indeed, and the arrangements of the thieves so complete in every respect that recovery or detection appeared to be defied. As a fact, neither the gold nor the clever rogue who secured it was ever discovered. A. good many rather wild conjectures having been hazarded as to the ways and means . bv which the robbery was effected, a shrewd-looking middle-aged gentleman, unmistakably, from his appearance, not unknown upon 'Change, volunteered to relate the exact circumstances so far as they were known up to the disap pearance of the treasure boxes. ' The papers,' he said, ' started so many hypotheses as to the mo&ut; operandi, that a true unvarnished statement of the facts had not really appeared in print. ' I suppose you are aware, gentlemen,' he said, ' that the gold obtained in the Australian colonies, so much as is not required by the Melbourne or Sydney Mints, is melted down by the banks and cast into ingots, which are packed in solid cedar boxes, holding 1000 oz. each, for transmission to Europe. These boxes, clamped with iron, and bearing the seal of the bank which has shipped them, are familiar objects enough to passengers by the P. and O. steamers, who see them as a matter of course several times on the through voyage, especially when carefully trans shipped from one steamer to another at Galle. The mail boat which left Melbourne in November received on board from the Patagonian Bank, consigned to the London branch, ten of these boxes, containing in the whole 10,000 oz. of gold, valued at about £40 ,000. Under the vigilant eye of the captain himself, these were safely stowed in the treasure room, plated with iron within and without, and supposed to be entirely proof against any attempt by persons on board . v to meddle with the contents. At Galle the transhipment ' ' was so public and so carefully guarded that no one but the proper officers ever handled the boxes, which were at once deposited in the treasure-room of the Indian steamer. It is important to note these facts, in order to understand the sequel. In due course the vessel arrived at Southampton, and was berthed alongside the dock. Immediately after the mails had been landed and dispatched, a light trap came down to receive thegold boxes andconvey them to the railway. The boxes were hoisted up from the half -deck and carried on to the wharf by hand, in charge of the officers of the ship, ns well as the agent of consignees, who was there to receive them. At the very moment when the hist box had been landed, a man fell into the dock, whether from the wharf or the ship is not clear) and the usual excitement and hulla bulloo consequent upon such accidents took place. Theman was soon picked up. The boxes were placed in the trap, which drove off to the train, and they were duly received by the bank and deposited in the cellars. A few days after wards, in the course of business, two of these same boxes were forwarded to Paris. When they were opened, the contents were found to be lead!' The plant had evidently been worked in this way. A con federate watching the shipment at Melbourne had tele graphed to London (under cipher) a full description of the boxes, and had sent by the .same mail, but in a letter ' via Brindisi,' an impress, somehow or other obtained, of the seal of the bank. Ten boxes must then have been con structed, marked, tied, fitted, and sealed, in exact counter part of the gold boxes, and these filled with lead, by Borue skilful manipulation substituted at the time the alarm of a man overboard was given. It was cleverly conceived, and still more cleverly carried out.' ' I wonder the difference of weight did not cause sus picion,' said a gentleman in spectacles, evidently regarding the matter from a ' specific gravity ' point of view ; ' the lead would only be a little more than half the weight. '' ' In the hurry and confusion,' explained the city man, ' and possibly not the same persons handling the boxes to place them in the cart who had conveyed them from the steamer, it may be easily imagined this escaped notice, there being nothing in the appearance of the boxes to excite suspicion.' This graphic account made a considerable impression upon Delville Darby's mind, suggesting as it were fields of larger enterprise than he had as yet attempted. £40,000.' A large fortune even to a successful merchant, after the labour of a life, gained one might say in a day ! ' Delville,' he said to himself, ' with vour abilities you must abjure small game6 for the future, and go in for one grand coup, should the chance only offer.' That this conversation, and his reflec tions thereon, were not without practical effect, will be seen in the course of the narrative. ?Whilst he enjoys his cigar, quietly esconced in acoinfort ' able comer, it may be well to explain so much of Mr. Delville Darby's history as is necessary just now to explain his position. During the severe winter of 1844, a little after dusk one evening, the bell at the Foundling Hospital was rung as by a feeble and uncertain hand, and on the wicket door being opened, a woman, evidently above the middle height, and carrying an infant in her arms, wrapped closely about in . the thick warm shawl which covered her shoulders, was found waiting, and was shown into the little room just within the gates where, in accordance with the regulations, the necessary inquiries and examinations are made before a child is received into the institution. The woman spoke with a foreign accent, and had some difficulty in making herself understood, but she produced a letter from the Roman Catholic priest of the district, which was satisfactory as to her character, and sufficiently explained the fact of her having been the victim of a carefully devised plot. It was the old story of a false marriage, ill-treatment, and finally desertion. She could return to her native country, Italy, but not with the child. 'With the stain of disgrace so palpable she would not be received by the family. She chose to give up the boy for a while, knowing he would be well cared for. Poor mother, she died within six months, and never saw him again. When reference had been made to the authorities, and it was directed that the child should be received, the mother was asked whether she would wish to leave any small token which might lead to his identifica tion in years to come. She drew from her bosom a small white satin bag thickly embroidered with silver, but much frayed and worn. Its contents, which she showed to the matron in attendance were two golden coins, the lettering upon which showed them to be of considerable antiquity. On the one face of each was a lily, on the other the head of some saint — apparently John the Baptist. They were evidently old Austrian florins. She replaced one in the bag, and hung the other with a 6tring round her boy's neck — kissed him convulsively — and was gone. Fifteen years later a handsome youth left die hospital to be appren ticed to a lithographer. He had been christened Charles, and assigned the surname of Elorian. He figures in these pages as Delville Darby. Well educated ani devoted to his art, Charles was not satisfied with the idea of pursuing it as a mere tradesman. ,., fie spent every spare hour in the public galleries, or in s:ich private collections as were open to him through the influence of his master's customers. He formed the acquaintance of artists and art students, and even, at times, penetrated the studios of the successful painters of the day—having upon occasion attracted the nsuce of Sir Gilpin Spray, R. A., then occupied with his great picture of Armageddon. Perhaps, by the light of subsequent events, it has been remarked that the leader of the infernal hosts in that celebrated composition v£ bears a striking resemblance to Mr. Delville Darby. The curl of the lip, tine flashing eyes, the defiant look of insolent ftJa/lftin, are mere pourtrayed to the life, and, underlying all, the expression of settled melancholy and impotent despair. One summer afternoon, when business was slack, as not unfrequently is the case at this season, the young Florian was in the National Gallery absorbed in the contemplation of that exquisite 'Corregio,' then lately purchased at a fabulous price by the com missioners, 'The Education of Cupid.' No other ymfifl in ancient or modem times has ever completed such a picture as this. The grace and beauty of form— the softness of effect— the harmony of design and colour— defy alike . rivalry and imitation. The student thoroughly enamoured of his art mav almost despair whilst drinking in the loveliness of mis 'jov for.ever,' but he has still the consolation of rememberinirjjiiat Antonio Allepri, called, after he became famous, 'Correggio,'' from the place of his birth, was once a poor and unappreciated artist, and that it was only in his biter days that his genius was recognised — too bite, alas, to save him from an early death, no doubt accelerated by disappointment and neglect. Absorbed then in admiration of this glorious creation of the very prince of painters, Florian was disturbed by a hand being gently laid upon bis shoulder, and looking round encountered the gaze of a singular-looking person, who gazed, evidently with pleasure, upon his upturned and glowing countenance. The stranger was by no means an old man, although his hair, worn rather longer than the prevailing fashion, was here and there streaked with grey. His face was round and full ; he wore no beard or moustache, and his eyes shone with all the brilliance and vivacity of youth. His dress somewhat resembled the old Jewish gabardine, whilst bis head was covered by (fearful solecism in those days in London) am exceedingly comfortable-looking soft felt hat. ' Oblige me with a few minutes1 conversation,' he said to Florian, who felt, as he expressed it to himself subsequently, ' a sort of glimmercomeoverhim/'androsefromhisscat.* Thestranger indicated, rather by gesture than by words, a retired part of the gallery, where a work, so exceedingly classical as to be carefully avoided by family parties, was exhibited in solitary glory. Seated here, as free from the chance of interruption indeed as in the middle of Hyde Park, he thus addressed the first astonished, then confounded, and finally altogether delighted auditor.— 'In tlie first place, understand that I do not want to know who yon are, or anything about you, and that it is for my own sake and for my own purposes that I propose, should you consent (of which, I may tell you, I have no doubt whatever) to carry out a design in which you are to play the principal part. I have, unnoticed I believe, observed you closely for some weeks. You are ambitious,. I read that in your eyes. You would be a sybarite if fortune poured her favours at your feet. Your worship of Correggio indicates the poetic soul, the refined taste — your keen enjoyment of the delicate beauty of bis creatures, the sensuous imagination. You have good blood, whether with the ' hall stamp ' of high lineage, I know or care not, and you are poor, and of no high standing in the world, You suit my purpose ; I will now declare it. Do you follow me so far ?? Florian nodded, and could hardly exert himself to speak. The stranger continued — '.Your present employment, associations, your name, must be at once dropped from this time forth and for ever. Your identity oeases where you sit. You will proceed to night to PariB, and at once deliver to the person addressed a letter I shall give you. Obey his instructions implicitly. You will ask, What do I offer in exchange for this, as it were, giving up your life ? I answer, Abundant means — entree into society — the opportunity of making name and fame.' Florian' 6 heart beat violently withinliis breast. 'Was he mad or in a dream 'i Mo, the glow of the afternoon sun was still lighting up, though dimly, the gallery ; people were pacing to and fro ; the artist copying a head by Kaffaelle was still patiently labouring at his easel. The stranger just then also took a pinch of snuff, in a manner entirely disillusive of of his being a disembodied spirit ' I see you cannot,' he 6aid. ' Take this purse ; the money contained in it will carry you to Paris, and provide what you require for the journey. I shall see you again when it suits me. Good-bye ! Never attempt to follow or to trace me.' Florian was left in a half -bewildered state, the purse in his hands. Had he sold himself to the devil, he thought, after the fashion of Faust and other unprincipled persons 'i Clearly he had signed no bond : physically and morally he was a free agent. What was the intention, the ultimate object of this strange arrangement ? It was an arrange ment, at all events, which seemed to promise to be exceed ingly satisfactory to himself. He examined the purse : it contained gold and notes of the Bank of France to a con siderable amount. Charles Florian was in Paris the next morning. Two years afterwards, at the commencement of the London season, a Mr. Delville Darby, well known in English circles in that city, took possession of a suite of chambers in the Alban y. No one knew exactly who he was, from a ' Debrett ' po int of view, but it was generally understood that he was a wealthy Creole ^ducatedVm the Continent, and the undoubted fact of his having been received at the British Embassy gave him at once a position among thejcitnessc dore'e of the metropolis. Chapter VI. — Delmain Towers— The Albanv. £.fter the funeral, Eustace Egremont returned to Delmain Towers. The secret had been well kept, and he was received as the inheritor of that princely domain by the country notables and others who had attended to pay the last honours to their departed friend. The old family solicitor had come down express from town, and with him Eustace held a long and anxious conversation in the library. 'Your poor father, having taken the course he did,' eaid the solicitor, ' absolutely debars any contention of Mr. Delmain's rights. We must see what can be got together for you you in the way of ready money without drawing from the estate. The will, by which in a few words ybu are constituted sole heir, prevents any difficulty in realising whatever property may be available. You hare money for vour immediate wants, I presume?' The kind old man pressed Eustace's hand in his own— who replied, ' Thanks— yes. The sooner I leave the dear old place the better; I am but a trespasser now. I shall go to London to-night.' ' I think you are right,' said the solicitor. ' Remaining here can only aggravate the feeling of pain with which the total disruption of all your association must be attended. You would not care for 'society just now, or the noise and tumult of an hotel. I will give you the address of a good woman, of my acquaintance, whose lodgings I happen to know are just now vacant. You will find the neighbour hood quiet and pleasant. Come and see me at the office in a week's time, and we will see how matters stand, and dis cuss plans for your future.'' Egremont thanked him warmly, and requested him to communicate to the friends of the 'family who had attended the funeral, or were tiien preparing to depart for their homes, the circumstance of his altered position. 'It is well they should know it at once, and from you,' he said. ' The news will soon be common property. Excuse my presence to them. I have really no heart to go through the empty ceremonial of a station no longer mine.' _ Two or three of his father's more intimate associates insisted, however, upon wishing Eustace good-bye, and would not be gainsaid. They knew now that the estate (had passed from him, but had no idea that the change in his circumstances was so complete. A few words of sympathy, many good wishes, kindly grasps of the hand, and they were gone. A verv great magnate indeed — a Marquis, a Lord Lieutenant of the county, was the last to visit the library. Eustace was standing at the fireplace, and advanced to meet him. Lord Hunt took his hand, and retaining it in his own, drew him into the recess of one of the deeply embayed windows, bright with the emblazonry of the race of Egremont. 'Your father and myself were boys together,' said the Marquis. ' We served as midshipmen in the old Tonnant under Loid Coehrane, fought in the same actions, and shared the same hardships. I knew well the proud independence of his character, and see the same spirit of true nobility in the face of his son. You are going forth to carve-out a career for yourself, and this is well ; but recollect — in strait or difficulty — you have a friend to whom you can apply without loss* of self-respect. I shall depend upon your doing this, and vou may depend on mj help, asked or unasked, when 1 6ee that it can be of service.' Egremont could not trust himself to speak ; he pressed Lord Hunt's hand to his lips, and the compact between the old peer and the young adventurer was sealed. The 'same evening Egremont left by the night mail for London. 'When the carriage was at the door, the servants, who by this time knew that their young master was leaving never to return, thronged the hall the grooms ; and stable keepers were gathered round the porch. The old butler, who had served man and bo v three generations of Egremonts, stood with the tears running down hisxh'eeks. The portly house keeper's attempt at keeping up her dignity was a failure, and her son, who had been Eustace's companion as a boy, a general aider and abettor in all sports lawful or unlawf ul, and of late years body servant when the young master was at home, fairly broke down, and howled audibly. Egremont, accompanied by the steward, with whom he had been transacting certain final matters of business, and who was to accompany him to the station, passed slowly through the assembled groups. A kind word hero and there — a shake of the hand with the old servants— and lie was whirled away from the house of his ancestors, never think ing indeed to behold it again. About half a mile from the house a turn in the drive brought the gothic facade of the eastern front — the graceful pinnacles and lofty oriel windows gleaming in the setting sun — full in sight. He gazed with a look of fond regard for a few moments ; then the carriage turning out of the park, the hedges shut out the view, and he saw Delmain Towers no more. About the same hour that Eustace left the little country station for the metropolis, Delville Darby, with anything but an agreeable look upon his handsome countenance, was seated in his rooms at the Albany, engaged in the perusual, for the third or fourth time, of a letter which he held in his hand. ' Must have money indeed ; yes, always the same story ; must have money. Does he think I own the Bank of England, or have mines in Golconda, and what is it now, I wonder ? Are there no pigeons ready for plucking ; or is ground bait wanted for some very big fish ? No,_ Astley, my boy, this sort of thing can't go on. It won't run it, that's the fact!' Thus soliloquizing, he rose from his chair, flung, the letter into the fire, which, as a protest against the pretence of summer which the season inflicted, was burning brightly, axd strolled lestlessly to the round table in the centre of the room, which was covered with books and papers in admired confusion. Turning them over he came upon a small sheaf of envelopes neatly docketed together, having very much the appearance of what indeed they were, ' accounts delivered' of fashionable tradesmen. The amounts of each were neatly pencilled at the top of the envelopes, so that by running tht finger over them the recipient could be pleasantly reminded of his liabilities. ' Things are coming to a crisis, and no mistake,' said Delville to himself. ' Emanuel — one, five, three, nineteen and sixpence. The sixpence be demned, as Mantalini ex pressed it. Clara's bracelets, and those confounded Egyptian earrings she will persist in wearing, making her look like a confounded Sphinx. Hoby, forty-four ten ; Fortnam and Mason— Clara again — Hullo ! ' The Litter exclamation was invoked by a vigorous double-knock at the cabin door; a letter was heard to drop into the box, and the steps of the individual who had so delivered it were heard rapidly descending the stairs— Delville opened the box, and regarding the letter with an air of infinite disgust, exclaimed, 'Ben Hart again! What is in the wind now, I wonder ? ' To judge from his countenance, what purported to be ?' in the wind' was not likely to be & production of any great satisfaction. Having the privilege, as it were, of looking over Mr. Darby's shoulder, we transcribe the rather enigmatical communication of Mr. Reuben Hart, described m the London Directory as a ' Turkey merchant ; ' known in business as a bill-discounter ; amongst certain circles of juvenile aristocracy as 'old lungs and livers ' a pseudo nyme possibly derived from a favourite expression of the Lite lamented'Mr. Fagin. The letter, dated June 28, ran thus : — ' Private and confidential'— (Old fool, muttered Delville ; does he think I'm going to advertise in the Times ?) ' Bills discounted at County Bank, fall due July 4, must be taken up. He is in town, and would at once have notice of dis honour. You must find four hundred at least by Saturday. Am dead broke for a time, what with S. levanting and the ' let in ' of so many of my friends on the Derby ; had to find a pot of money over that little business. It's no use coming with any nonsense or palaver, Regular case of a 1 pound of flesh' this time, my boy ! As soon as fixed up see me at once.' There was no signature, and Darby at once crushed up the paper between his fingers, and thrust it between the bars of the grate. 'Four hundred by Saturday,' hepondered; 'thething's ridiculous— absolutely ridiculous. The hundred pounds paid into my credit, I must say with admirable punctuality upon the first of every month, is already forestalled two deep. I dare not appeal to my mysterious patron having got a very good hint of the danger of that once before. Mort holds a bill of sale over my belongings. But something must be done.' He took out his pocket-book and counted the notes which it contained. Three tens, thirteen fives; this, with a few sovereigns in his purse, was all the available ready money. Stay— a thought strikes him — Egremont's promissory notes. It will bo recol lected that Darby had written'out the form, and caused Egre mont to sign as *' acceptor ' upon a slip of paper bearing at the bottom right-hand comer the signature of LordHatton ! With this name, the bill was as good as monesV but even Delville Darby shrank from what might be involved, should it, upon maturity, be refused payment at Hoare's, and be consequently ' referred to drawer.' He was utterly unscrupulous; absolutely independent of moral principles; he would risk, and had indeed already risked, the commission of crimes which if detected -would result in irretrievable ruin to himself ; but ho halted on the brink of the abyss into which he must pluDge, did he once commit himself to the fiend's very work of sacrificing the innocent to secure his own safety, by completing the woof of the web of circumstances, so skilfully weaved, in which the luckless Egremont was unconsciously involved. 'This is Tuesday,' he said. ' There is time yet. Something may turn up before Saturday! '' But when in the experi ence of man did anything ever ' turn up _' to meet exigencies such as tliese ? ' Fortune exulting in her cruel business,' as Horace has it, delights in the uncertain disposal of her gifts ; but how rare the occasion when she favours the despairing wretch who has staked his last resources upon the turn of a card or the hazard of a die, and who trusts on her caprice for safety from the pit he has digged for himself ! Delville examined the promissory note carefully, refolded it, and returned it to his pocket-book. He then dressed himself' with bis usual care, and, leaving the Albany, hailed the first hansom and drove rapidly to Brompton. Clara Monte (nee Spriggs) found Mr. Darby anything but agreeable this evening. He was absent and preoccupied, ale little during- dinner, but drank tumbler after tumbler of hock and seltzer water; was positively rudeto her dear friend Amy Lanceling, a fair creature with golden hair and pink cheeks, whom he generally admired and pretended to flirt with. When Amy had taken herself off, having to play a pretty prince in some fashionable burlesque at the Odeon, Delville broke out with — ' If vou don't send that infernal parrot out of the room, Clara, I'll strangle it ! What's that piece of paint and puffery doing here again to-night V I'm sick of her simpering waysand idiotic smile. Oan'tyou go somewhere else than to the* countess's for your friends 'r ' ' Hoity-toity — what's up now ?.' said Miss Monte, whose manners and la'uguage were scarcely as elegant as her personal appearance. 'What has vexed tlieBashan? Has he backed the wrong horse, or been losing at loo, or — ' 'Stop this nonsense, -'Clara. I'm in no humour for tom foolery. Listen to ? '' Here the parrot, who had been educated in a public famed as the head-quarters of certain convivial societies, shrieked out ' Hear, hear ! ' Then, chuckling audibly, requested ' Silence for the chair I ' Delville tore at the bell. 'Take that bird out, and wring its neck,' he shouted to the astonished domestic, who, trembling in her very shoes, hurried the cage with its inmate, in a high state of* screech ing and spluttering, out of the room. ' If that* s all,' sobbed Clara, reduced now to woman's infallible weapons, ''what do you come 'ectoring and hordering about 'ere. This ain't your 'ouse.' Her h's were weak when moved by emotion. ' You used to say you loved me!' Here she burst into hysterical tears, and the jewels in her tiny ears, and the brilliants -which flashed upon her fair neck, rattled with her agitation as she swung her self to and fro. ' What a cursed fool I am ! ' thought Delville. ' Clara have a little common sense. I have been horridly vexed and put out, and this little mhix Amy was. here, and then the bird— ' Clara smiled through her tears. ' You are not then angry with me,' she said. ' Tell me what's the matter can I do anything to help you ? Is it money ? You can have my jewels — sfa order of my salary — anything.' ' No, my dear,' said Darby, touched at the generosity of the girl, for she was little more. A queenly little creature spoilt to some extent by the attentions of flattering of her manv admirers, but trie at the core, and really devoted to Delville, who, she fondly hoped, would make her his wife. On her part those who had even so far gauged his character, may feel sure that there was no intention of incommoding himself with any such obstruction as a wife. To do him justice, however, he was no libertine. His pleasure in Clara's society was purely a-.sthetic ; he delighted in her beauty and affection as he would in a work of art or a poetic effusion of the genius of Swinburne. True, he never thought of the consequences to her when imnT — '— » fl should divert his attention. But there he was UeW k1 ? true to the instincts of his sex as regards m»»,' man- «A H to the core. 'No,' he repeated?^! SS1*'*^ ? jewels or your money. My pretty pet, what wm,u youi ? without your bright plumage and the delicatenuZ V°u *' I gives bloom to your cheeks and grace to vour f^^^ ? with my tempei fora while; the trouble 'will T-h '* ? pass; it feels lighter already, now that I fed L J?01*1 ^ H m e just a liitle. Eh, pretty one !' Sure J»u life ? ' ' And you won't be cross again with poor Am* « I in that horrid way at Dick?' Dick wm ifc &w; *?* ? parrot. oojecbonbi. ? Delville, completely subjugated, promised good lw* ? I for the future, and, despite tile precarious charart °Ur I position, and the pressing difficulties which tihfnorf ^ ? days must solve one way or the other, found bimJw * I mitted to a petit diner- at Richmond for the ensum? s T'' I Amy, and two guardsmen whom he especiaUv £fT £ ? being ticked off on a card by Clara as fominc X „ ^ I of the party. ^ ™e aucl6U , ? Delville 'returned to his chambers before mi-i«- l I thought for the second time that day, « What an «« i i?ht I been! 'drank off a stiff glass of brandy and W*L V5 I turned into bed. ? * Water- «* ? 