Glendalough.— St. Kevin and the Fair Kathleen. [FEOM AH OCCASION All COBBESPOKDENT.3 Br that ioke, whose gloomy ehoro fekylark iiover warbles o'er, Where the cliff Uakgs high and steop, Youn? Baint Kevin stole to sleep. So sings Thomas Moore, and it is with this hike and this saint, together with other matters more or less pertinent to them that the present letter is concerned. ?' But where,' 1 fancy 1 hear my Australian readers ask, 'is this gloomy hike, and who was Saint Kevin, and why did ho steal to sleep, like a mountain brigBJad, in some inacces sible niece awav from the haunts of men F' The hike, I reply, is Glcndaiough, and if you further ask, 'but where is Glendalongh t' my answer is, that it is one of the most charming spots in the county o£ Wicklow — a county unsur passed in natural beauty by any other in the United Kingdomi Pitiable, indeed, must he be who will find nething to interest him at Grlenda lough. To the lover of soenery, its charms ara eudloES and irresistible, whether he seek lake, or mountain, or woodbind. For the archnjologist there are seven mined churcheB find one of the old IriBh round towers, which are a never-failing For the botanist, there are flowers and ferns in profusion; for the lover of ancient legends, there ia the story of Saint Kevin, of which 1 shall have more to say anon ; for Vnm whose delight it is to search out the characteristics of a country's peasantry, there is, perhaps, the richest field of all, and of this also, more anon ; for him even whose soul soars no higher than a good dinner and an easy chair, there is a passing good hotel. Must I add, in conclusion, that if any man takes pleasure in seeing one bank of clouds roll up over the hills and lake, and descend with the most un mistakable goodwill upon the vales only to be fol lowed by another, and th&t; by another, I fear he may be gratified at Qlendaloueh. Snob, at any rate, lins Vieen my experience on the tfro occasions on which it has been my happy lot to visit the place. And yet, in spite of the reception which I met with from tho clouds — and of all clouds, tho6e which one meets with in Ire loud are the most peculiar, not only in appcaranoe (though in this respect they are totally unlike any to be seen on this side of St. George's Channel), hut also in their wetting properties — there is no place at which I have spent eo short a time, of which I have carried away more happy memorise, or of which. I shall have more pleasant recollec tions in the future. I know not whether I may be excused if I as sume that most of your readers know nothing of Glendalough, or of that immaculate but somewhat stony-hearted saint, of whom I have already spoken in connection with it, who gives such a tiagjc interest to the place. If I do them au in justice, the remedy is in their own hands — they can leave me uuread. In other words, I am going to eay a few words about the history of Cilenda lough and the legend of Saint Kevin. The seven churches were probably built in the seventh century, but whether by the holy man himself or by some other equally pious but more obscure individual, I know not; nor is the ques tion, to us at any rate, of the slightest importance. A city was built here — whether a city in Ireland conveys the same meaning aB in other countries I cannot say — about the same time, but it seems to have been put up, like nine pine, only to be knocked down again; for the Danes made a prac tice for some time of overthrowing it as often as it was raised from the ground. When they, in the course of events, gave up the game, a flocd swept it away; and finally, in 1308, the English burnt it altogether. The ruins of the churches, or of most of them, survive. Why they did not disappear with the city it is no part of my intention to inquire. It is a pretty vale, this of Glcndaiough, witUits Sound Tower and ruined churches, and the stream flowing through it ; with the dark hills, made all the darker by the clouds aforesaid which roll over them, towering above. But the grandest part of the whole is the hike. From it, on tho one side, the craigs rise, for the most part perpendicularly, above them being the bare and desolate mountain side, varied only with occasional clumps ot heather: on the other is a thick wood of dark pine trees, wliiela, while they give variety to the scone, only add to its inexpressible gloom and solemnity. But there is more than this. Nature herself eaemp to have cost a spell over the hike, and to havo banished from it all animal life, so weird is it even on a summer afternoon. Perhaps, after all, it is best to accept the legendary account of thiB deso lation in simple faith and pin one's belief on Saint Kevin. Will my readers follow me if I do so ? Whether our patron saint, then, founded the ancient city of Glendalough, or whe'ther he merely lived here the bely life of a hermit, I shall not stop to inquire — it is of no greater interest to us than is the origin of the Sound Tower. I shall only mention, in passing, that he died on the 3rd of June, 618, at the patriarchal age of 120. The whole kernel of his life for us, that which to tho lover of ancient lore is of more value than a whole library of prosaic facts about him, is contained in the so- called 'legend,' which we, however, have agreed to ace apt without any sceptical thoughts, of Saint Kevin and the fair Kathleen. ? If Baint Kevin had founded seven-and-twenty churches, and we do not know that he even founded seven; if he had made his abiding place trebly celebrated as a seat of learning; if his piety had been even greater than it was, if that were possible; if ho hod done and been- all these things and many more,' the mention o£ his name would not have raised one spark of interest in any human heart for many centuries past, and not one of the thou sands who have visited his immortal ' bed would ever have gone near it, had he not also thrown the fair Kathleen from it into the hike below. Tho circumstances oE this apparently ungallant act ware as follows : — The pious Kevin was not, any more than more erring mortals, Euffered to pass through life with out temptation. The lovely Kathleen looked upon hi™ and loved him, but she loved in vain. The affection of tile hermit was not for mortals, or for anything earthly. ' Suffer me,' she said, ' to look upon your shadow, to hear not even your voice, but its echo, and I, will lie like a dog at your feet, take penance for your sins, as weU as my own, and even in prayer forgot my own 6oul for the good of yours.' But Kevin was proof against her prayers, and would not grant even this. Stall she would not leave him; she could not, she said, do so and live, and at length tlio saint fled. But it was all in vain. Wherever he went thither she followed him; till at hist, in on almost in .acceBBible cave above the waters of Glenda lough, he thought that he had found a safe hiding-place. But her love overcame all obstacles. She was not one to be baffled by rocky and precipitous paths, and when the Baint opened hie eyes on the jnorning aftet he reached his cave, they miet the gaze 61 the lovely eyes of Kathleen. Perhaps h,e was too inexorable in his piety, and might have found some little room for pity. Bo that as it may, if he felt any temptation to relax his austerity, he Successfully resisted it. The closing sceae must he given in better words than mi)ie. Ah! jour Glints have cruel hearts I ' Steinly&omluibedheBlarts;, And, ttith rude repulBiVe shock. Hurls her from the hcetiihffToclc Olendalough, tliy gloomy wave Scon was gentle Kathleen's crare I Soo&lhe; saint (butfth! tboUite). . SFeli lier love and moriraod her fata. 'When he sold ' Heaven n»t her soul 1' ? Sound the lake light music etole, And. hex gkost was seen to glide, Smilinff b'er tha fatal tide, I mightdraw a moral, but 1 forbear. I venture to think, however, that he whom we have chosen for onr patron saint for tho *insn being only wanted this one les&bn; to make him a worthy object of our fealty. I will now, as it Ib possible thot^some of your readers tnoy^not readily aedept his repentance without proof of its genuineness, give .an instance of i5ie change which Kathleen's fate wrought with in Hni, -which lias tii& iin&hOT; advantage of ex plaining— 1 need hardly eay to my complete satis faction— vrky the eong of the skylark is no more to be heard over Glendalough. When the seven churches were being built, the workmen employed took an oath, that they would— alas, the degenera tion of -the present day!— 'begin with the lark and lie down with the lamb;' but the lark rose so early in this happy valley, Uiat the workmen, one after another, died from overwork, and the softened saint, pained to see such loss of life, prayed that the song of the lark might cease upon the lake, and thus saved the lives of those who had not already given way. . . . ' Such are some of the reminis6ences of Saint Kevin, and, to my mind, they tend more to bring him buck to life, end too give an interest to the locality in which ho lived, than any better authenti cated facts of the cut and dried sort, end to me, at any rate, it adds .to the poetry of the scene, and deepens the impressions of its solemnity, to think of these old stories of the fair kathleen, and the larks never more to warble over the bosom of the lake. So much for the past. From it hae sprung a present of a, rery different kind. The bed of Saint Kevin, once invaded by the blue- eyed Kathleen not with impunity, is now entered unmolestod by all the visitors to the spot The place of Kathleen knows her no more, unless as I fain would believe, her ghost still floats ' smiling o'er the fatal tide,' but she is represented by a stout old lady, who adopts her name, and sits as though in mockery of Saint Kevin, through long summer days in tho bed which he so jealously guarded, ready to welcome all visitors, with a strong Irish brogue and a help ing hand. And the hitter is by no means super fluous. Well do I remember my last pilgrimage to the spot. Our party was large, spid included several ladies. We rowed under the wall of rocks, looking up at the bleak hillside, till, some 20 feet above us, in the perpendicular rock, we saw the small cave in ?which the hermit took refuge. The water beneath it is deep, and though the ascent may with care be easily made, the directions given by the 'modern Kathleen' sensibly diminish tho _i ? _c _ ? S3 ? a ? l : ? j._ £.v» *.»7J1 uHn ciiunoes 01 a Euuutin acsucnb law i-lu* uuiu uiuu lake. She, in her woollen stockings, skips about on the perpendicular surface of the bare rock, where thera ia not footing for a goat, putting to shame the young men of the party, who even deign to let her placo their feet in the way they Ehould go, much to the amusement of tho ladies in the boat, who have not ventured up to tho oavc, though, aa Kathleen assures us, more ladieB Uian gentlemen undertake the cliiab. The cave is small, und it is impossible to stand upright in it. In fact, to stay in it for any length of time would be enough to try oven the temper of a saint, audit is to this that 1 am inclined to attribute the momentary hastiness of Saint Kevin. AVith the help, and advice of our old lady we onoe more arrived safely in the boat. As we rowed to the landing place, tho clouds which had been gradually gathering1 in heavy masses over our heads, and on the hills which surrounded us, and which cast over the Jake a gloom such as one can fancy must have overshadowed it on the morning of Kathleen's death, began to fall, and completed the desolation of the scene. One more reminiscence of a visit to Saint Kevin's bod, and then we will leave him to his repose, Sot another paid by myself, but by perhaps the greatest who ever entered there — not even except ing the holy man himself — Sir Walter Scott-. LocUhart tolls the story. 'In spite of all re monstrances,' he says, 'he would make his way to it, crawling along the precipice. He succeeded and got in— the first laine man that ever tried it. After he was gone Mr. Plunkett told tho female guide ho was a poet. Kathleen treated this with indignation as a quits of Mr. Attorney's. ' Poot !' said she; ' tho dcyil a bit of him — but an honour able gentlemen; lie gave me half-a-erown.' ' And now let St. Kevin take Ilia rest : it was a long life that 120 years of his, and it is time for us to ltave him. But I cannot speak of Glondalough in the present without a reference to one of tun most striking peculiarities of the place, end certainly the first to strike the English tourist on liis arrival. I mean the guides. I need not say much about them, for those who know what Irish guides are can picture thorn for themselves ; and to those who do not, no words of mine can convey any impression of their wondorf ul impudence and bcusg of humour. The moment we alighted at the hotel door we were attacked by two old Indies who wanted us to buy sonic Irish gold. ' Your honours can change it for raal English gould* but how can puir bodies like us do ud,' and 'long loife to the young leddies,aud arl happiness,' jwith numberlass other wishes for our future welfare, if we would buy their 'gould' to remind us of 'ould Oireland,' were poured out in the richest brogue, and nothing but a precipitate retreat into the hotel freed us from them. Looking out of the window we saw tho ' guides' prowling about in all directions, most of them old men in knee-breeches. One of them seemed to have marked us for his prey, and waited near tho door to pounce upon us as soon as we should come out. It was some two hours before we made a move, and then innocently thinkins that if we went out through the garden at the back we should be unnoticed, we feed it. It was all in vain. Our guide and tho two old women were upon us in a moment, and one of tlie latter presuming on our acquaintance of the morning, recommended tho old man to us with 6uch warmth that we should have supposed him to be her husband, bad she not asBured ub Bhe was a 'puir widow.' He, to do him justice, was not behindhand. As we walked on he poured the history of Glendalough and Saint Kevin, and King Brien into our ears, and announced his unmistak able anxiety to show us all the spots of interest. It was in vain that we told him we knew the place and its history better than he did — he seemed not to hear us. 'We walked fast. All in vain— he trotted on after us. We walked slowly — so did he. We told him we wanted to see the placo in peace. He paid no attention, ho took no offence, but walked on. We tipped him, thinking that that, at any rate, would settle the question. But even then, he did not leave us at onoe, and when at length hftlet us go on without him, he still shouted after us tlte history of King Brien, till at length his voice was drowned in the distance. Hay he, too, like Saint Kevin, rest in peace. Dublin, August 1, 1879. James M'Donald, aged 25, residing in Bourke stroot, WooUoomooloo, met with a serious accident on Monday It appears that he took one of the Hon. Saul Samuel's horseB to be shod, and tho animal became restive at the forge and bolted, and H'Sonald, who ran after the horse, fell under it, and sustained injuries to hiB shoulder and ribs. Ho was taken to the infirmary, where he was admitted. Tho horse, which is a very valuable oao, also broke one of its leers. A moetine was held at Eainford'e Hotel, Forest Lodge, on Thursday night, for the purpose of form ing, an amateur dramatic club in tho Glebe. Mr. Lewis was voted to the chair, and ia the course of his remarks expressed his surprise that with all tho advantages the Glebo possessed Buoh a society had not been inaugurated earlier. The business of the evening wat then proceeded with, rules were formed for tho guidance of the club, officers wore elected, and after seme minor business was transacted it was resolved to adjourn the meeting to next Thursday night, when all members are requested to pay in their subscription fees. Independent Oedeb of Good Templabs. — Tho Star of tho West Lodge, No. 86, located at Pen rith, bide fair to bebom'e one bt the strbne;ost lodges under the jurisdiction ot the Grand Lodge of New South Wales. About three months nco this iodtrawas instituted, and now numbers upwards ol 100 members, comprising eome.of -tha most influential members of the coinnitmity, who, in a most earnest spirit, use their influence so, as to promote the object in view — ' To save the fallen atd prevent others, from falling.' At a meeting oh Friday lairt, Bro. A. M'Leod Davis, Q.W.V.Ti|presiaea(-na, after initiation, conferred the degree of Fidelity on' 15 cauaidatttS. At the same meeting an unanimous vote ot thanks was presented to Sister., jBissland, for providing the lodgo with a cushion for tho altar. It was wmooneed that tho Eev. Bfo. Jaaagwiok,W.y.T;, would delivera tempe rahcesermon'6'nSunaay'next for the juveniles ; also that b- united temperance meeting m«o and public) would bo held on Wednesday next. During the even ing feoino very nice songs and reoltatidns were brfcdl txhly rendered by members of the lodgo, who, one end all, display a vrtat interest in the work which they have yolnntarily undertaken. Good TBarx-AEiBM at Bathob8T. — On TnceSay evening last the third anniversary of the Wilfred liawsoh &odge;, I.O.G.T., No. 82, tiad&r; the E.W. Grand Lodge of the World, wm oelebntted on the Agricultural Society's (frOttnu, Kolso, ? by * tea meet ing and concert. The mttnbor present exceeded 600. Th» *how ehea was for tho oooasion handsomely decorated with abundance of 'flags and' ferns, and presented a most charming ? appearance. The arrangements for. the toa were tnost complete, and the supply of the good things of this -life were . provided in tha usual style of liberality for which the ladles of Kelio end Bathurst Ere so justly fanio3. The programme throuehout was cidellent, the vocal and instrumental manage ntebtbehw respectively jn tho hands of Meiers. G, Smith andToole, Tho chair was occupied by Mr. John Sheorstoh, G.W.V.T. Eev. Mr. Blackett, Canon Smith, Mr.T. L. Nicholson, G.W.C. (Sydney), and Mr. 6. Smith addressed tkc meeting, which was enUraeiaSitic but remarkably orderly. The meeting was one of the best that has been held in the district for some time past, and it was unnonnoed that the Pride, of tto West lodge would hold Us grand demon stration on November 9, in the School/)! Arts Hall. From many remarks made by the several epteakerc we find that Good Templarisni is Sinking sapid 