ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES. &c.; " H.M.S. Pinafore," a nautical comic opera, the joint production of Mr. G. S. Gilbert and Mr. Arthur Sullivan, was pre sented for the first time in Victoria on Sa turday night last, at the Academy of Music and St. George's hall. For some weeks past there has been much talk of this piece, and Beveral persons have claimed to hold the ex clusive right of producing it. It is said that legal proceedings will arise, in some manner, out of the representation ; but as to this conilict the public are not concerned. If I managers have a mind to fight about priority, let them. " 1I.M.S. Pinafore" is not a bur lesque, nor is it an opera-bouffe. It is strictly a comic opera, in which there is intended to be an entire freedom from any extravagance of manner. The humour consists in the contrast between what is said and done, and the manner of its being said and done. The more serious the manner the more grotesque the effect, when the manner is precisely opposite to the matter. The principle in " H.M.S. Pinafore" is exactly the same as in the comedy of " Engaged." It is pretty fooling of a new kind. Burlesque, as we once knew it, is dead, and ought to be buried. It is superseded by the new manner of travestie. "H.M.S. Pinafore" was first played in London at the Opera Comique, on May 23 of last year. It took the fancy of the town at once; all the critics praised it, and all the public thronged to see it They are still praising it and going to see it, and it has been played and praised in nearly every town in Great Britain, and in most of the principal cities in America. Probably some explana tion of its success, may be found in the Bly satire it flings at the present First Lord of the Admiralty, who probably knows less about ships and sailors than any First Lord ever did, and that is saying a good deal, seeing that First Lords of the Admiralty are chosen apparently on the lucus a non prin ciple. The story, as most people who have read the Bab Ballads may know, is taken from the ballad of " Worthy Captain Reece, commanding of the Mantelpiece," and the same spirit of fun-poking distinguishes the opera as amusingly characterises the ballad. It is a melodramatic exagge ration, and all the incidents and charac ters are to be found variously in the old nautical pieces, which so long held such a place in popular estimation. We have the captain bold of the Pinafore, and he has a daughter who loves a sailor of low degree, but as she is of patrician birth she scornB his love when he proffers it, and only confesses her real feelings when the able seaman is about to blowout his brains with an ex ceedingly ineffectivepiatol. A deformed demon, in exceedingly vulgar phrase, " splits " upon the lovers, and they are discovered when upon the point of eloping. And then comes the eclaircissement. A bumboat woman con fesses that, at an early period of her existence, she had practised baby-farming, and that the captain and the able- bodied had been changed, or, as she expressively puts it, " mixed," so that the noble captain is not noble, and the able-bodied seaman is. Immediately the two change places, the captain becoming an A.B., and the A.B. a captain, and three matri monial alliances are effected. Prior to this arrangement, however, the First Lord has played a conspicuous part He has declared ' himself generally on the subject of nautical I affairs, and specially as the suitor of the ! captain's daughter. Being rejected by the lady, he consigns the favoured A.B. to the dungeon-first inquiring if they have such a thing on board ship-and next, having heard the bumboat-woman's con fession, he blesaee the union of the restored patrician and the captain's daughter, and then espouses his cousin, who has followed hinft about with a devotion not uncommon, when the object of attention occupies a di» languished position in society. The degraded captain consolation in the arms of Little Buttercup, the bumboat-woman. In all this re-arrangement of interests, there is a charm ing disregard of dates, and ageB, and epochs. The object is, of course, to bring everything to' an agreeablesettlement; and it is BO brought. < You can .cavil, if you like, about congruity and probability, and consistency, and the unities of time, and ask questions .relative to the recoriclWment of ages-hut wherefore! It ( iatoettet to take things as you find them^ es j'CNltUf Whttt Mti kllM fltfe hbife ihllitt U ft jwfc lifnieh tvliil^ rMf uiMhft hioNHti trn Hit librettist. Hiia tlie emtifitigofr have m (fonUy tombed the they h(lfl compost*!. Uesldes, hi! this f«u is nmai to nweet mid sparkling tnttftlc. Solos, duett* trios, find efiOMin§B m nil ptenttni, nnd there, you ore reminded of some other &|t | you have heard before, but It in tmly totu moment that you are «0 reminded, The j strain breaks off Into its own track, ami j carries you most agreeably into Die scene of whU-h it is a denotement. You ate thug mnde to feel that nil the elements of this I composition are blended well together, and the result is complete enjoyment. When the curtain falls yoti go away quite "satisfied, | You have passed two hours to your liking * you have listened and laughed, and looked admiringly j and you have not only not felt I any sort of weariness, but you have derived a refreshing sense of agreeable recreation. It may be gathered, then, from what is here said, that the merit of the representa tion is consistent at both houses with that of the piece. If you like you can make com parisons, but why should you? Why should anybody ? Necessarily it is open for anybody to draw them, and it is possible that there may be partisanship in this production of " H.A.S. Pinaforesome may like the Academy version best, and some may incline most to that at St. George's halL At either house unquestionably the prominent figure is the captain's daughter. Let us take the Academy first. We will suppose you have seen all manner of burlesques for five and-thirty years; that you have wit nessed dash, abandon, aplomb, brilliancy spirit, verve, and fifty other qualities in ex. travaganza heroines, but did you ever see more perfectly illustrated what you may understand by grace, beauty, and repose, united with an exquisite humour, than in. Mre. Lingard's representation? And her vocalisation, too, is in its way marvellous. You may hare previously satisfied yourself that Mrs. Lingard is an admirable actress, but you did not know how well she can sing. You are taken by surprise, and you begin to ask what other talent has she kept concealed from view. It may be you did not expect so much from her, and certainly if she had done a good deal less, you would have been well satisfied. Her acting of this part, in short, is a kind of poem, in which quaint humour is blent with a singular sweetness. And then. she seems to be the central figure which not only makes the chief member of the picture, but without which the other members would lose some prominence. For it seems as if all the rest of the company derive help and inspiration from Mrs. Lingard; as if, in fact, 6he supplied the key-note to the whole com position. And all this, too, without effort, without any apparent striving after effect. As a picture the performance lacks nothing; as an expression of delicate humour it is a delicious surprise, and as an example of re fined archness, you could not wish it bettered. Its excellence has a sort of radiating quality which makes you less conscious of the deficiencies of some of the others. ThuB it covers over the some* what distrait manner of Mr. Skinner, who, although he sings very fairly the music of the sailor who loves the lass, does not-or at least on the first night did not-appear to be at all at his ease, as anA.8. on board a British man-of-war, and enjoying the love o£ the captain's daughter, should be. For the same reason, Mr. John Forde's occasional difference with the orchestra to the extent of, say, half a note, was not so disagreeably obvious as it might have been. And it must be said, too, that in respect of the quality of naval-commandership, whether derived or otherwise, Mr. Forde furnished no occasion' for comment other than of a favourable kind. Mr. Lingard, as the First Lord, was a very model of that sort of serene dignity which never doubts itself. It was the perfection, without the affectation, of ease; self-possessed, but not self-consciouB; Belf-content, but too self- pleased to be self-assertive. Mr. Hall used his eccentric humour with a curiously grotesque effect as the misanthropic Deadeye. Mrs. Hall's comfortableness, united with her thoroughly well-practised powers in the direc tion of an incisive manner, made her Bumboat Woman just what you might wish it to be; and her lyrical colloquy with the captain, in which, together, they bring in with much effectiveness well-wom proverbs, was the; sort of fun to keep you in a gentle bubble of laughter. Miss Wiseman, in perhaps a less conspicuous way, made very well of the refrain referring to the practice of the First Lord's " sisters, and his cousins, and his aunts." Both the orchestral and the choral effects did exceeding credit to the care and diligence of the musical direction, and the scenic par ticulars representing the deck of a ship must be mentioned in terms of favour. The operetta has been preceded during the week by the old farce of " Hia First Cham pagne," in which Miss Daniels has a good opportunity, which she toes well; Miss Foley an opportunity sheuses better; Mr. Flemming an opportunity of which he ought make a good deal more; and Mr, Phillips an oppor tunity which could hardly be more completely taken advantage of. At St. George's hall, Miss Docy Stewards Josephine-that is to flay, the captain's daughter-is an example of brightness, plea santness, and compact finish. That she should sing the music with all the skill of a true musician, and all the expression of a thoroughly intelligent actress, is what might have been expeotedby those who know of how much she is capable in both these qualities. In what we know as points, die never lost an opportunity,*and yet shj *iever She j>layed and sangthjB part as if she h&a; been playing W»d 4inglligk-it erery night foe rix to>ntii^WteW^SdiveW»a hwredf up to the mock siffimMfr&the;' situations, vrith a seat which ahowdd^tf entirely she under stood tbi exact nature of this new kind of pasquinade. Miss iNeUieStew&rt; played the A.B, seaman who lores his captains tuft find lnftkfd rtwe f-bfflfitetel? ihk ! ..rtBMti'c .'«<* Wiinfe, hbttfevfe*, lfl,1(.l .took t'"t -itiftfi atiy young lad# i n pvrf ht'teofifttefl ft tat before. Atid when ( linnped hM jftfrfefet ftit (life tjftefef'a tltii i m slip Jifrtrnfe the dress so wall that she i n ppetiial vote bf hpjilattse for the P< niicftl 8',ft ^dfe herself, cfe sang with n to&dotn; tind a fling quite ? printing ^ t0, ^'89 Maggie's Little r uerrup was quite 4 delicious bit of quaint inmclineBS, and she made ft very telling shot ! ,i,e baby-farming revelation. Mf. Stewart's First. liord was in his beet style of portly and /flirinl munificence j and Mr. George Leo* told's ^it,{ Dea('e,'e Wft8 ft m'rac'e Mtistio hidcoueness. Mr. Anthony's Captain was J. c wcftu element in the cast. It is not Mr. Anthony's fault that, not being an English mnn, he cannot speak intelligible English, kit H >s certainly his misfortune, and that of the part lie plays. He sings moderately well, but not well enough to compensate for l,jB broken speaking. Miss Blanche Leopold mnkesa most radiant little First Cousin, and lier agreeable manner and brightly expressive (ace cannot fail to put one into a good humour. Of the chorus, the sailors are compact tar looking fellows, and sing with a will; but of the young lady portion of it about half are distressingly gauche. The backing of the scene is artistically done, and does Mr. Grist credit, and the night effect is skilfully managed. The rivalry of these two performances will probably help the popularity of the piece. The public will wish to compare the manner of representation, and not being satisfied with one visit will go more than once to see each. The music and the humour are of that kind which will grow in favour by repetition. The sparkle of the one, and the fine irony of the other, are certainly a great improvement upon the minstrelsy and word-spinning of travestie, as we used to have it. "Henry the Fifth" has had its place at the Princess's all the week, but to- night it is to give way to " Amos Clarke," a drama we have not yet had in this colony. Mr. Cathcart, at the Theatre Royal, has been appearing since Saturday night in " The Corsican Brothers," a ghost-play which has bad its day, especially in Melbourne, where it has had a good many eras of representa tion, beginning in 1855, when Mr. G.V. Brooke at the iron Olympic, and Mr. H. N. Warner at the Theatre Royal, respectively played the leading parts in it. Mr. Cathcart goes through his work in a good groovy fashion, and Mr. Carey does the Chateau- llenard villany like a French gentleman who means business, and knows better than to spoil the business by melodramatic outbursts. The Madame De Lesparre of Miss Lester is inex pressive, and Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Greville as the Colonno and the Orlando, make well of what little of fun can be made in the ven detta scene. There is nothing novel in the ghost-machinery. In the early part of the week Mr. Greville and Mrs. Appleton played, as nobody else can play, in " Mr. and Mrs. Peter White and, on Wednesday, "The Porter's Knot," which is so full of associations, was revived for the purpose of introducing to the Mel bourne public Mr. E. Palmer. Judging Mr. Palmer by this one effort, it is only due to him to say, that he is an intelligent actor, that he takes great pains to make the part he plays real, and that if he is not capable of very strong feeling, he is most conscientiously anxious to do whatever is necessary to give life-likeness to what he does. It seems safe to say that he will be a desirable acquisition to the Melbourne stage. On this same occa sion, Mr Horsley, as Augustus Barr, showed how he is progressing in his art, and Mr. Carey, in the light comedy- part of Stephen Scatter, justified his claim to be credited with the quality of versatility. Last night Mr. Cathcart was to take Iub benefit in "Othello,' Mr. Ireland playing Iago. The Town-hall was crowded on Monday night, the occasion being a concert of the Metropolitan Liedertafel. The soloists in cluded Madame Hersee, Mr. Beaumont, Mademoiselle Charbonnet, and Signor Ortori, and they were all received with enthusiasm. Madame Hersee Bang the oft-selected " Softly Sighs," from " Der Freischiitz," and the Bomewhat too-much-used Bode's "Varia tions." Doubtless Madame Heraee has a voice of most rare sweetness, but the in cessant tremolo is distracting. Mr. Beau mont in the second part gang " The Blue Alsatian Mountains," and was encored by a number of those insatiable persons who never think they get enough for their money, ae tried hard to resist the call, but the oolish tyranny of the callers overpowered . There are few occasions upon which a weak-minded man looks more imbecile, .too when he is frantically clapping his ands for the repetition of a song, which to y intelligent persons ceases to be a source pleasure when it iB repeated. One might well eat a second dinner immediately after enrst, as hear a piece of music a second iime. Mademoiselle Charbonnet played in the ^ond part the prayer from " Mos&," and for grandly solemn effect, full of the dramatic wee proper to the subject, it is not possible conceive of the pianoforte being used with ®ore thorough expressiveness. Made fo°? ^ftr^>onriet was warmly applauded r ner more than brilliant execution of this al®mi}ely poetic composition. Mr. Ouenett : f> 0 Pkyed a pianoforte solo. Signor Ortori " Danse des Gnftmes" that ! d'y weird manner he can use with such taf i t3,Dr^08e when necessary. The Lieder- < ei choruses were, as thejr always are, of an «*°®Ufinee,' and in the sere- j with Mr, Beaumont, who sang the solo to A, Produced an effect most creditable fati»J!im 68 worthy of their into- ? on S1® conductor, Mr. Hers. The orchestra "tataMsr compact and °a Monday nfcMi at the ?thenteum. there i tWifc hh effective ffepfetition of the Moore (jfctllfenntj cfclebratiofi performance. On this bCCtteibfi Mf. (3. ft. Ireland ndttiirfibly flfe tlftltofed 11)6 bde written by Father Kelly. iAbtt 18 the #>ity hfe was nbt selected to de claim it bt the Towh-hall. That charmingly gentle, and more than cotnrnOnly clever, little creature, Ada Willetta, who fiome months ago astonished the musical public of this city by her perform ances on the pianoforte, has already taken her place as a composer by publishing a " Tran ecription" of the old familiar air of " The Harp that once through Tnra's Halls." And we have every reason to believe that this is no mere invention of Misa Willelt'B friends, but that it iB actually the work of her own hands. If it were no more than an instance of juvenile proliciency, it would be interesting, but, indeed, it might very well pass as a creditable essay by much older and longer-experienced musicians, for it indicates not only considerable technical skill but much taste and feeling, that sort of taBte and feeling, in fact, which do not go out of the proper meaning of the original composition. The latest issue in the series of Messrs. Foster and Martin's theatrical portraits are two photographs of Mademoiselle Legrand, in the character of the Princess Iiatherine in "Henry the Fifth." They are both ad mirable, but the seated figure ia perfect both in respect of likeness, expression, and as a picture. The pose is unusually happy, and there is nothing in the composition other than what will satisfy the most exacting de mands. 