The Morning Bulletin, ROCKHAMPTON. SATURDAY, JUNE 14, 1879. OWING to the prolonged detention of the "Lady Bowen" through grounding on a sandbank, the agent has wired us that Burton's Australian Circus will not come to Rockhampton until the return trip from the north. The troupe will tranship from the Bowen to the Yaralla in Keppel Bay. THE traffic earnings on the Central railway for the week ended May 31, amounted to £929. 5s. 1d, showing, as compared with the corresponding period of last year, a decrease of 16s. 4d. There was an increase of £64. 11s. 9d. in the receipts for goods and stock, a decrease of £56. 7s. in the fares, and £7. 8s. 5d. in the parcels receipts. The traffic earnings on the Southern and Western railway for the above period, amounted to £2620. 4s. 11d., showing, as compared with the corresponding week of last year, a decrease of £696. The total receipts for the year up to date were Central line, £21,676. 5s. 10d.; increase, £524. 7s. 9d. Southern and Western line, £73,443. 3s. 7d.; decrease, £6959. 2s. 8d. The E. and A. Company's R.M.S. Normanby, with the mails from England to the date of April 25, via Brindisi, and the usual monthly advices from the East, having left the port of Bowen yesterday afternoon at one, is expected to arrive at the Keppel Bay anchorage this evening about seven o'clock. The mail tender Bunyip will be despatched from the A.S.N. Company's wharf this after- noon at five, with the southern mails and passengers for transhipment to the Normanby, and should return by to-morrow morning's tide with the English mails. A postal delivery will be made as soon after as prac- ticable. The mails by the Pacific route from England to the date of April 21 will come forward by the coast mail boat, due in Keppel Bay to-morrow night. AT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, an assault case in which Bridget Gorman was complainant, and Mrs Alice Marsden, defendant, was withdrawn upon the application of the former. In the case of Patrick Egan. August Eisemann, for a breach of the Impounding Act, Mr. Thompson, from the office of Messrs. Brown and Jones, appeared for complainant, and asked leave to withdraw the summons. The information was accordingly withdrawn. Charles Edward Pickup, on remand, charged with embezzlement, was remand to Cometville to be dealt with. Senior- Sergeant Meldrum stated that a warrant had been received from the Cometville Bench charging prisoner with embezzling tho sum of £2 2s. 6d. while in the employ of Messrs. Frank Taylor and Co., as clerk. STATE of the Hospital for the week ending Friday, 13th June: Admitted during the week : Males, ll ; Females, 6. Discharged : Males, 12; Females, 1. Died: Males, 1 (Thomas Carrol). Remaining in Hospital : Males, 1 ; Females, 17 ; total, 80. Six patients in the special ward. A TELEGRAM, received from Captain Cottier by the local agents of the A.S.N. Company yesterday, stated that the Lady Bowen, s., would not leave Bundaberg until to-day ; and that Burton's Circus Company would be transhipped to the Yaralla, s.s., in Keppel on Sunday. The latter steamer leaves here for Mackay and Bowen, this afternoon at five. THE religious services held last night in the Primitive Methodist Church, for the special benefit of the immigrants by the Scottish Lassie, were largely attended, the church being well filled. The Rev. J. Williams opened the meeting, and after reading an ap- propriate chapter of the gospel, offered a few remarks. The reverend gentleman was followed by the Revs. R. Hartley and J. Cameron. The addresses were interspersed with selections from Sankey's Hymns, admirably rendered by a choir composed principally of new arrivals, one of whom efficiently presided at the har- monium. During the service the congregation were informed of the situation of the various places of worship in the town, the hours of service, and the names of the several ministers, The Revs. A. Hay and J. Spence were un- avoidably absent. The services concluded about nine o'clock. As might have been expected, the demand for labour yesterday at the Immigration Depot was not great. There was some inquiry for single girls, but only six of them were engaged during the day, and at wages averaging 8s. per week. No single men found employers, but several left the Depot to stay elsewhere or to search for work through the town. One married couple were engaged. Of the three adults that died during the voyage of the Scottish Lassie, one was Catherine Graaf, a German, who died three days after giving birth to a son. The child has been taken care of by one of the married women, and, notwithstanding the unfavourable cir- cumstances under which its advent has occurred, is in fair health. There was one application made yesterday to Dr. Salmond by a woman to adopt the child, and it is likely the little stranger will be attended to. IN the business paper of the Legislative Assembly, we find notice of motion given by Mr. Norton,-" That the following Papers, vii. :-(I.) Dated Q. N. Railway Survey Office, 1st May, 1877.-Extract from Mr. W. Han nam's report to Mr. R. Ballard, Central bland towards Gladstone, Casuarina Creek, (2.) Dated Railway Branch, Rockhampton, 30th October, 1876.-Memo, from the Chief Engineer, Northern Railway, to the Commis- sioner for Railways, Brisbane. Trial Surveys, Central Island towards Gladstone, and Grace- mere to Gladstone. (3.) Dated Railway Sur- vey Office, N. Railway, 19th September, 1878. -Letter to R. Ballard, Esq., Chief Engineer, Q.N.D.. from Willoughby Hannam,-Which were included in Return to an Order made by this House, dated 15th May, relative to 'Railway Survey from Gladstone,' and laid upon the table of the House on the 21st ultimo, be printed," The motion will probably come on for diicussion next Thursday. THE ordinary monthly meeting of the Com- mittee of the Port Curtie and Leichhardt District Hospital waa held in the Court House yesterday afternoon, at four o'clock. There wens present :-The President (Captain Hnn ter), Messrs. J. Headrick (vice-President), E. P. Livermore, W. Pattison, J. Ferguson, J. W. Face, A. Feez, J. Brown, T. T. Faunce, and Dr. Campbell (Resident Surgeon). The minutes of the previous ordinary and special meetings were read and confirmed. Mr. Faunce (Hon. Treasurer) reported that he had received the following amounts since last meeting :-£2 15s., police court fines ; £13 15s. from the locomotive and carriage depart- ment of the Central railway ; and £391 9s. 3d. from the railway extension sick fund. He might also state that on the 25th January last he had forwarded to the Government a list of subscriptions amounting to £546 11s, 10d., but that no recognition had yet been taken of the matter. On the motion of Mr. W. Pattison, it was agreed that the President write to the head of the department stating the above fact, and requesting that the usual supplementary amount be placed to the credit of the Committee. Mr. Pattison, as a member of the Special Committee appointed to con- sider the tenders for furnishing the new wing, reported that Mr. Hall and himself, after carefulexamination,haddccided concerning thc various articles as follows :-For beds, bcd ding, and upholstery, Mr. M'Intosh ; blankets, sheeting, and mosquito netting, Messrs. Stewart and Lucas ; counterpanes, Messrs. J. W. Face and Co.; towels, Messrs. Isles, Finney, and Co. Mr. Brown, as a member of the Visiting Committee, called the attention of the Committee to a matter which came under his notice on his last visit to the Hospital. He was then surprised at the number of patients he saw, and on inquiry was told that fifteen or sixteen bad been admitted on the order of the wife of Mr. IL Schmidt, a member of thc Visiting Com mittee. A brief discussion followed, thc President observing that it was quite irregular for the wife of a Committeeman to give orders for the admission of patients. Dr. Campbell said all the orders received by him were signed H. Schmidt, and he admitted them accordingly. The subject then dropped. The President said that the new wing waB about finished, thc only thing remaining to he done being the necessary drainage and the levelling of the ground round tho extension. Thc contract for gravel had been completed. As soon as the drainage and the levelling of the ground were done, he thought it would bc ad vÍ8ahlethat the building account should be for. warded to the Minister for Works, showing him exactly how the parliamentary vote had been expended. He concluded by moving that this be done. Mr. J. Hcadrick seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The Presi- dent said as thiB was thc last meeting at which they would have the pleasure of Dr. Campbell's attendance, he could not help expressing before they Darted, on behalf of the other members nf thc Cnm mittcn and fur himself, their appreciation of the very efficient and satisfactory manner in which Dr. Campbell hail ftilfi'lud his duties since lie tonk, charlu of the Hos- pital. It had hecuba subject of regret (hear, hoar) that Dr. <'amphcll lind resigned, hutas ho had done so all they could do was to cordially wish him every success wherever ho practised, (hi tim sn-'eslinn nf Mr. IV.ttiwn, thc President expressed his williugm-ss tn record this expression of the opinion of the Committee in the minutes. In reply to Mr. Face, the President stated that Dr. Paterson had been informed of his appointment in the usual manner, and Dr. Campbell stated that the newly appointed Surgeon had visited the Hospital and seemed quite prepared to enter upon his duties on 1st July. Accounts to the amount of £302 3s. 8d. having been passed, the Committee adjourned. THE annnal meeting of the Central Queens- land Graziers' and Farmers' Society will be held at the Normanby Hotel this morning at eleven. THERE was a fair house lost night at Carl- ton's Ghost entertainment. The programme was almost completely changed. The drama of " Faust " passed off exceedingly well, the ghosts being particularly effective. The comic farce of "Camille" kept the house thoroughly amused, Mr. Clinton, as usual, being loudly applauded. THE lovers of Shakespearean drama were pleased last night by the representation of "Hamlet" at the Theatre Boyal, and Miss Stephenson is to be congratulated for the ad- mirable manner in which it was placed on the stage. The costumes and properties were elegant and expensive, and the mimic display accorded well with the mental idea of the Danish Court. Mr. À. B. Clinton took the role of Hamlet. His acting of the part was certainly a pleasant surprise to many of the audience. He deserves great praise for his performance, which must have been the result of careful study. Some of the speeches were exceedingly well delivered, and the facial expression especially was excellent. His voice, however, was somewhat too high pitched for the house, and the enunciation was too rapid. On the whole, however, it was a fine piece of aching, and Mr. Clinton well deserved tbe applause he received. Miss Stephenson's Ophelis has been so frequently commented on in the highest terms that it is only necessary to say that she fully sus- tained her previous reputation. The audience were not disappointed in Mr. Hesford's Polonius, whose make-up was excellent, and whose rendering of the part contributed largely to the success of the drama. Miss Patty Holt and Mr. Patterson took their respective characters very successfully, and the minor parts were generally well taken ; one or two, however, relying too much on the prompter. The drama was a success, and we think its repetition would draw a good house. To-night Dick Turpin and Aladdin will be represented. A CORRESPONDENT writes :-While riding on the beach, about two miles south of the Yeppoon township, in company with a friend, we suddenly came upon a quantity of debris lying just at the top of the highest tide marks ; but whether deposited there by the sea or left there by some one on land, it was impossible to say, but, probably, the former. It consisted evidently of a new chum's kit, and the said new chum must have been a German. The contents of the swag were all loose, but lying heaped up together. They were- a blue cloth suit and two pairs of trousers of the same material ; a Scotch cap ; one pair of drill trousers, new; one old pair of moleskin trousers; several woollen stookings, two check bags, presumably pillow cases, a drill jersey, 2 pairs of elastic boots, two pairs of diggers' long boots, one black felt hat, one Turkey red cotton quilt, somewhat torn, one feather pillow, a rag, shirts, and sundry other articles of dress ; also, a photo- graph album, in which, however, the cartes de-visite had been spoilt by the weather, but the names of the photographers were yet visible on their backs. These were - C. Bonnezen, Photographic Atelier, Altona, gr. Bergstrssase 5S ; Paulsen and Petersen, Ham- burgh, and Herm. Schaff, Altona. One pair of stockings bore a brand like DH, and one pair of trowsers was marked on the inside of the left pocket RICKERT over 2M5564 over 3 and on the inside of the right pocket. [Here follow other brands too intricate for descrip- tion in letter-press, but they are open to inspection at our office by any person interested.-ED. M.B.] These were the only traces we conld find, and whether the owner of the above described kit has met with a watery grave, or whether the swag may have been dropped or washed overboard, of course it was not possible for us to say. It seems evident, however, that the owner of the clothes was a German immigrant probably named I. Rickert, and it is most likely that the Health Officer or Dr. Thon or some of the newly arrived German immigrants would know the man's name and, if alive, his where- abouts, so that further doubt about the matter may be set at rest. From the nature of the contents of the swag it would seem doubtful whether it would have floated ashore, as wet clothes will generally sink, but at present surmise on the subject is useless. THE KELLY GANG,-At last some reliable news of the Kelly has been received. In- formation has been brought to Mansfield that the gang are in Puzzle Ranges, some twenty miles from Mansfield, and a strong party of police went off on Monday. They are said to have come on Kelly's camp, and found two saddles and other trappings. Further infor- mation which may lead to their capture, has been brought in to the police. Sub-Inspector Pewtress and other members of the force are said to be on a good scent, and their return is anxiously looked for. All the facts point strongly to the surmise that the gang have not been many miles out of the district, and other circumstances affording strong proof this have been given to the police which it is not deemed advisable to make known at present.-Evening News, June 5. MURDEROUS ASSAULT OU A CATHOLIC PRrEST. -A very serious case of stabbing occurred at the Logan on the 10th instant. From a gentleman who arrived from Beenleigh last night we have loamed the following parti- culars of thc affair. It appears that, at about nine a.m., the Eev. Father Scortechini, the victim of thc assault, was sitting in a room at his residence, Capra Vale, Logan River, with a mau named Samuel M 'Goldrick, when the latter asked for a settlement in connection with his brother's will, of which the rev. gentlemau ia an executor. The demand was refused, whereupon M'Ooldrick, saying " Here's at you, then," stabbed the other with n knife between the fifth and sixth rib. Mr Plunkett having taken the news to Hecn leigh, the police magistrate (Mr. Banking) and Dr. Fonswortb proceeded to the scene of thc outrage,, while constables Quinlan and Moylan started in pursuit of the perpetrator of the deed. M'Ooldrick was arrested at Logan village, and conducted to the priest's residence, where thc latter's deposition was tnken in his presence, after which he was remanded to. Beenleigh, to bc brought up there on Monday next. The latest infor- mation concerning the sufferer is to tho efTect that, although the wound is a very serious one, no immediate danger is apprehended from it.-Courier. The artfulness of woman is increasing. They even have designs on pottery. How to produce a telling effect.-Communicate a secret to a woman. 