THE CONTRIBUTOR. — — — HOSPITAL SUNDAY DOWN THE BAY. i By Bottom ye Weaver. Touching collection plates and subscription lists,- what, "a host of interesting and- stimu lating anecdotes are told at tea-fights, muffin struggles, and gatherings for the benefit of quasi-benevolent purposes and for due pro- vision being made in the matter of religious and charitable institutions on this side of, and far away beyond the seas ! Hospital Sunday collection is one sacred to the latter purpose par excellence. Pondering on so all-engrossing a topic, the reminiscences of by-gone Btories told on the philanthropic platform arise before me like veritable ghosts. There is the story of the miserly old gentleman and the juvenile col lector towards a mission fund. The old gentle- man is appealed to by the latter, box in hand, for a subscription. The old gentleman would deny him, but he i3 asked in public, and can- not refuse for shame. In this predicament he; goes in for a virtue of necessity, and resolves' to give .what will make some litttle noise when dropped into the box, if not in public when read out a3 an item in a subscription list; ! The box, however, is made with a slit equal to admitting half-crowns, but very little ! else of larger bulk. The old' gentleman's do-! nation is ..a now obsolete and very thick penny 'of the reign of George III., and sticks most stubbornly in the entrance. The : donor, shielding- the proffered gift with his hand, ostentatiously takes out a sovereign where\yith to push the refractory coin further in. The latter, thus assailed, gives way sud denly and . drops into the box, and with it drops the sovereign also. "Where is the key?" says the discomfited miser, "Get me the key ; the sovereign has gone in too." Haven't got it," Bays the juvenile, laughing and running away ; " it is with the secretary. But what is the use of the key; you have driven the nail full home. Where is the fur ther necessity for a hammer ?' - Number two. Therh is the recollection of the stingy man, ever anathematised because never giving more than the proverbial three penny bit. Thore is tlie still stingier man, . who is reported to drop sixpences into the plate arid take out shillings by way of change. There is the story of the man who fumbles vainly in bis pockets'in'seareh of coins until the collector, wearied out, passes on minu3 a donation; There ;.is . the v generally ciite but once , acci dentally duped Scotchman, who having given -a silver florin' instead of, a - bronze ' penny, ; and' -asking for the difference,' is refused by the " minister,- and condoling himself, with .the hope „of getting, credit for two shillings in, the next : worid,'is'told that his :'hopeis -a vain; one, that he ivilb get credit there for the two bawbees and no, thing beyond and there is the instance of ' the '.well, .vouched-for Northcohntryman, who, having lost five pounds by a bad; bargain, and, told his: pastor, i saying, "I dunna ken how it was, as I:ga'e nae less than five shil lings to the, collection at the kirk lost Sabbath, lipping to make a" good profit out o' the venture,", and was told by way of- - con-f solution ; and',;; reproof,. "Ye hae' just .'vested that five -i shillings in tlie1 name of. ' the deil,' and now he's charging ye j high fees for the trouble of keeping the money in safe custody." One more ghostly story of this; kind starts up before me., A grandj philanthropic movement is thrilling the heart , of every subject of the British empire. Sub scription lists are everywhere. Public meetings to organise committees arc held in all direc tions. My friend is portly, has a commanding carriage and a benevolent look." He is there fore angled for, and invited to one of their preliminary gatherings, held at the hotel de ville of a suburban city. The chairman pro poses that those present shall open tho sub scription list among themselves as a stimulus to outsiders. My friend vouchsafes half-a- crown. The extemporised list is read over, and the gift alluded to is duly announced between the munificent donation of a well known Victorian, expressed in four figures, and that of another Liberal fellow colonist represented by one rather high numeral and a couple of cyphers. Donor of half-crown appeals to have his name struck off, but the secretary will not consent. At last tho matter is compromised, on the condition that the money is to be given back, the name to be erased, and that the giver shall givo a larger sum more worthy of the company and the occasion at some future time. Report has it that whether said secretary was right or not in making the erasure, he was entirely wrong in giving np tho coin. Adverse critics quote the old moral about the bird in the hand being bettor than two in tho bush, and wag their heads. Having got rid of what may be termed the smaller fry, and the less pleasant side, I bethink me of mhttera more agreeable. The scene is Melbourne twenty years ago. The city suffering from a superfluity of mud on the footways, and of money in the pocketsof everybody. Present writer only lately landed sells an article of bis outfit costing him half a sovereign at home for 50s. to a fellow lodger, and before night makes the latter sum £10 by a judicious investment at an auction sale. Wandering Collins-street tho same evening he is attracted towards the old "VVes- leyan chapel once standing there, and entering finds some meeting or another going on at full 3wing. Rev. Robert Young, deputy from the Home Parent Society, is the lion of tlie hour. A good deal is said about the need of money for the projected work, but the usual stimulating anecdotes are withheld for a time. They came at last. The speaker describes the aspect of a large English city during days of great commercial prosperity, and further, under a state of de pression. In the latter instance the largest mercantile houses were going over like skittle3. One firm, almost alone, continued to stand. The head, of course a Wesleyan, was asked by a friend, " How is this ; you con tinue erect while all are falling around you ?" "I always salt my profits," was the reply. "I do not understand." "Well in this way. Whenever I have a good bargain I always de vote a goodly percentage of the gains to some charitable object." "And now," said the speaker, coming to the point, "let there, be a good strong pickle prepared for the profits to night." On thi3 the orator sat down, and then the pickling operation commenced. "One hundred pounds for me," said a rough-looking digger, from either Bal larat or Bendigo ; " the Lord has dealt bountifully with me, and that is but a small pinch of Bait to put on the gold and nuggets lodged by, me to-day in the bank next door." "Two hundred for me," interjected a lady in widow's weeds, " Providence has taken away my husband, but our property has increased in value twenty-fold." Another liberal donor put" down his name for four hundred, and the representative of the firm of Messrs. Cocker Brothers put down his for five. The late Wal ter Powell rose, and explained that he did not wish to appear ostentatious, but that ho would give 10 per cent, on all money collected and promised at the meeting or within a fortnight. Mr. Powell's was, as a result of the liberality of others, by far the largest gift of all. One other recollection strikes me, it 13 con- corning the man who always stays away from church on collection days — as every Sun day is one perhaps that is the reason why so many persons never go to church at all. Thinking of this, I put tho question to myself, "Will not the reader accuse me of doing pretty much the same thing, . that is, taking a trip down the Bay on Hospital Sunday ?" I am, however, more innocent in this respect than many may suppose. I have done tho same thing before, and always found Captain Liley so practically benevolent as to send round the hat just about coincident with tlie time when the plates were being handed round the churches. And than bethink I on my means. They are, let me Hee, 7s. 9d. only. My fare has been paid to Sandridge and back. Dinner will cost me Is. 6d., tea Is. I can do without nobblers for the nonce, and have four cheroots, common Swiss, in my cigar case. The fare will be '5b., balance for the collecting hat when : it is sent , round, the universally an athematised smallest silver coin issued by her Majesty's mint. "What am I to do ? The hat will be open to the inspection of the public, and ;my own secret shame to my own con science. Given the problem, "Money waiited for a charitable object; only threepence to the good in my pocket; how to raise the wind." I resolve to light a cheroot to stimulate my dormant , inventive genius, and not to smoke with a view of . soothing myself to sleep, as the. Bislibp does. After getting excited by medi tating.over-a b.core of great and philanthropic 'ideas, successfully evolved' and carried out, Bruce's auctions, an extemporised art union, a raffle .on the .poop, or a sweepstake on tile Cup, all severally pass through my mind as a means of meeting the difficulty. Suddenly I bethink myself of the Wesleyan meeting pre viously referred to, whereat Mr, Cocker, senior, speaking about ways and moans in the matter of finances, deprecated.the idea of more fancifdl- ineans of- raising money, and- went in 'strong for the suggestion that each 'person present) and willing to contribute, Bhould labor on in their own particular trade or calling to aid and assist. For example, tho shoemaker might use his awl and last for an hour each morning; and the tailor stitch for a like period with his needle, sotting on one side tho gains for some laudable purpose. Ho, Mr. C., thoroughly practical ns usual, then and there promising that during a -given part of each day, week or month, tho gains in his especial business should be so disposed of if only another person or two would follow ' suit. The "idea sets me thinking, "What can. I do, a poor scribbler and weaver of tlie woof and web, and what can I do now?" In the perplexity I let out my cigar. Iu seeking for paper in my pocket to obtain a light, I drew forth a small oblong piece, technically known to pressmen as— a " copy slip." I havo about a score of these, about mo. My watch tells me the time to spare before the boat will arrive at Sorrento is nearly three hours. X take the hint, and, availing myself of the time, sit down to write an article. Shade of Sip "Walter Scott ! now could I obtain, as you did, many pounds per page. Oh, Tennyson, were it mine to be paid £50 as you weto by the proprietors of Good Words for " Roaring and Blowing," how grandly, even poor Bottom, the Weaver, might add to the subscription list. Could he only command the orthodox penny-a-line, even that might swell the amount by a little. At any rato, nil des - perandum. I write tlio article — never mini what it was about — and hand it in : tho'nav- ment, whatever it may be, depends upon the editor. But be that what it may, together '.with the threepenny bit already alluded to, for there was no collection ou board the steamer, it is sacred to the objects of Hospital Sunday. And now tho thought strikes mo, Can no oiie do likewise? Let me indicate a few oxamples. I am, it may, be, an Arab in tho street. " Left me" say I to some frugal housewife, " sweep that pavement for you, or stack that wood fonf you; I have half an hour to spare, and I'll UBe it for your advantage, if you'll only give — I do not want it myself — only a sixpence or a shilling for Hospital Sun day." I am a young lady, accomplished, fascinating, wooed but not won. I will painft a flower for you, or knit a pair of mitten for you, my two faithful swains, of any name whatever, if you will only give , me the price of yonr cigars smoked during » solitary day for Hospital Sunday. No one, as it seoms to me, is too poor, no one so stupid, no one so insignificant, but what ho or she can contribute just a trifle for good in this wajr. Even my portly friend alluded to just now, though getting back his'half-crown, was able, there is no doubt, by the effort of sheer deport ment, to aid the cause a little. That was his ware, just as a scribbled article for the press happens to be mine. Now, reader, what la yours ? Something current in the market lei us hope, and something that will be freely given. 