VICTORIAN MEMS. A inau named Isles, aged 70 years, blew out his brains at Casdeuiaine on Monday. It is reported that a fresh outbreak of phylloxera vastatrix bas occurred at Geelong. There are great complaints of the drought from all parts of the colony. In some of the townships water has been sold at 10s. per load. Three navvies working on theOakleigh line have been fined £10 each for throwing stones to the danger of the public, as the people were com* ing out of church at Pranran. A sad case of drowning occurred on Saturday at Sandridge. A man named Charles Blakely, who lived in Bay-street, was bathing between the Emerald-hill baths and the Sandridge lagoon, when he suddenly disappeared. His brother was with him, but was unable to render him any assistance. About an hour afterwards his body was washed ashore near the lagoon. Friday's Gazette contains the announcement that Mr. William llobb has resigned his position of secretary to the Australian Widows' Fund Lite Assurance Society, and that Mr. Jno, Donaldson, the society's accountant, has been appointed acting secretary. From tbe same paper wo learn that the chairman of the board of directors for tills year is Mr. Simon Fraser, M.P. Further information of a wreck having place on the coast was given us (IleJfad Gaulle) on Wednesday, by Mr. Alex.Camoron. who states that candle-boxes and wooden match-ooxes were recently seen by him whilst on a fishing excursion at the mouth of the Fitzroy Stiver. We learn that more pieces of some vessel have been seen iu the same quarter elnoe wo referred to the matter the other day. The Leannonth correspondent of the BfUlarat Courier writes:—"The Bev. R. Hamilton, the Mteeued Presbyterian minister here, has reoently been granted a couple otmonths'holiday by hb congregation, during whioh ft is his intuition to pay a visit to New Zealand. In addition to this, bowwari (m haudiome sum of 100 guiueu has boen subscribed and placed to the rev. gentle* man's credit in the National Bank here, in order thathis incidental expenses connected with the trip may l>e liquidated. A dreadful accident happened at FooUcray Railway Station on Mohday. Mrs. Cecilia Brett, a widow, aged 62 yean, in attempting to cross the line in front of an approaching train in order to catch it. The engine buffer strUok her, and carried her some distance. The whole of the train, consisting of the engine, tender, with eight carriages and guards-van passed over her body, literally cutting her to pieces. It was a most sickening sight, and was witnessed by a platform full of people, who were waiting to take their departure as passengers. One of the apprentices, Wright Mason, of the ship Pizarro. anchored in the bay, was placed in one of the ship's storerooms on Saturday morning on a chaige of feigning sickness. Some time afterwards it was found that he bad made bis The water police flag was raised, as it was at first thought he had jumped overboard and got drowned, but he was during Sunday afternoon seen in Sandridge, and has therefore been charged as a deserter. The Horsham Timet says :—" The new and rising township of Normanby reminds us very forcibly of some of the cities which ran np so rapidly in earlier days. A few weeks since the ground was under crop, and worth £5 or £6 an acre at the outside; now the land has been sold at £6210s per acre, thanks to the railway station near at hand; and a colossal grain store is going up. We hear a mill is to be commenced, tenders are called for a ten-roomed hotel in our advertising columns, and no doubt quite a thriving town will shortly spring into existence." Advantage was taken of the presence of Mrs. Gibson,' of Glenample, in Camperdown on Saturday. to present her witb the testimonial subscribed for by the ladies of Camperdown and others, in acknowledgment of her unwearied kindness towards the survivors of the wreck of the Loch Aid. It consisted of a handsome buggy purchased at the late Geelong Show, the best that could be procured, to which has sincc been added out of the subscription, suitable harness, and it was received with thankfulness, ami not without some motion. The Melbourne correspondent of the Bmdigo Adoertiter writes:—Mr. Daniel Henderson, otherwise known as " Henderson Africanus," has forwarded to his Excellency the Governor a lengthy letter complaining of the manner in which he has been treated by what he describes as "a section of the law and order party of Victoria," accompanied by the parchment document with which he was furnished for his intended trip to England, under the title of a " Commission." His Excellency is asked* to forward both documents to the Secretary ot State for the Colonies—a re- quest which in all probability he will politely decline to comply with. A few days ago an iguana, about 6 inches long, made its appeaftmce in the office of Mr. A. T. Morrison, insurance agent, Ballantt, and, finding ita uew quarters very agreeable, elected to stay there, and it has, since its advent, passed the shining hours in appropriating to its own special use and benefit any unfortunate prey within its reach. Perhaps (surmises the Conner) the continued dry weather has worked upon tne animal's reflective faculties, and, endowed with wondrous forethought, it has selected the insurance office as the last place the continued heat is likely to affect, and now indulges in self- gmtulation at its provi dent provision for the speculative future. Members of Masonic Lodges in this and other ' ' * ' " winning who is, \- , tby or assistance. The person alluded to is named James Lyons, and iu working upon the feelings of those from whom he solicits assistance be produces a Masonic diploma and letters of introduction, purporting to be from the Messrs. Brocklebank, of Liverpool and London. Many Freemasons in Geelong have given him pecuniary aid on the strength of the representations, and Lyons has abused their generosity by lavishly liquidating the money received in intoxicating drink. It is surmised that the person referred to has gone to Ballarat Hie Mining Department has had prepared an estimate ot the amount of gold obtained iu Victoria during 1876, the information on which it is based having been obtained by the mining surveyors and registrars on the different goldfields from banks, gold buyers, mining Companies, and others. The estimate is not a unal one, and will be subject perhaps to some corrections when the department has received two or three returns which have not yet come in from different districts, but it is considered to be approximately correct. Tho department estimate tne vields at 765,764ob. as against 799,919 in 1877, which was the approximate estimate it arrived at in Jouuary last. Efforts are being made to induce the Government to reduce the railway freight on agricultural produce to a uniform nte of l£ per ton per mile. Home time since, the Commissioner of Railways resolved unon reducing the freight to 1W. per mile up to 100 miles, and Id. for every mile rangcrncut, although good in theory, has proved injurious and partial in its working, and the Government are now desired to reduce the freight to ld.1or Ml distances. To this, we understand, Mr. Wdods demurs, on the ground that it will be a loss of revenue; but it is probable that a compromise will be effected by striking a uniform rate of l^d. per mile. ... On Sunday afternoon, at Tarmwingee, a sad can of drowning occurred to a young man named Thomas Kay, 8on of Mrs. Kay, of Elmwood. It appears that deceased, in company with several other boys, proceeded to the Ovens River for the purpow of bathing. After being in the water for some time, he thought he would see if there was a tun on las line some distance up the river. On f 0 tho ®® bovs going to the spot they saw his hat floating on the water. The alarm was at once tfven, when a plucky little fellow named John Wilkinson dived for him and succeeded in bringing him up, although twice his size. On coming to the surface with deceased they were both drawn to the bank by Thomas Quinu. The poor boy was taken home to his disconsolate mother, where a magisterial enquiry was held on Monday. It is supposed the deceased was taken with one of those fits to which be has been subjected for many years past. , Mr. D'Arcy Read, whose ghost illusions have become so popular throughout the colonies, sustained a serious loss on Thursday evening (reports the Hallaral Courier) by the destruction of a targe sheet of glass necessary to the production of his phantom visitors. The case containing the glass, which weighed about 15cwt., having arrived at the rear of the Academy of Musiclast evening, was being hoisted from the loriy to the door at the back of the stage when the tackling gave way and the glass fell about 20 feet to the ground, and of course it was shivered to atoms. About twenty men were engaged at the time in raising the case, but fortunately Mr. Read warned them to stand from under only a moment before the fell, otherwise personal injury, and probably loss of life would have occurred. The preliminary deposit of .£200 out of £1000 aside, to be fought for in Victoria, by Foley and Hicken, has been put up. The principal backer of Foley is understood to be a fellow-colonist, who telegraphed the amount required, on Saturday last. Jem Mace has the Sydney man in training, uid is confident of his nulling it off. The Thompson family say they will put their bottom dollar on him. The hereditary foe of their house is sponsor for the Victorian, and is also confident of victor}'. It is not for a moment supposed that the police will prevent the fight. Mace's visit to Melbourne has caused quite a pugilistic revival, and tights for stakes are of daily occurrence. Kelly and Mace are looked upon as two great apostles by die youth of our sister colony. The Oolac Herald records the following instance of " smartness:"—" Some time ago Mr. George Hills was commissioned by the Colacsbire Council to purchase a bull for the Birregurra common at a cost of £6. In the meantime the Oolac common bull was complained of for having committed certain vagaries by James Slater, and the council determined to sell him. The sale not being advertised through some oversight, there was hardly anybody attended, and Mr. Geotge Hills purchased nim for 6s. On Wednesday last Mr. O. Hills wrote to the council, stating that he had fulfilled his commission and had obtained a bull, which the council could have for the specified sum, £5. The offer was accepted without enquiry at all about the bull's antecedents, and the council has been 'had' in as clever a way as has ever been heard of with regard to the bi business transactions of a public body." The commission appointed to inquire as to the escape of Kenneth M'Donald from the Hamilton Gaol came to the following conclusions:—1 That there bad been no collusion with the police. 2\. That Constable M'Alister had been guilty of inadvertency in leaving the yard when Kenneth M'Donald was there, but as it was the first time be had acted as assistant gaoler, as he was probably unaware of the insecure state of the fence, and as be bad always borne a good character, it was suggested that a nominal fine would meet the case, and recommended that he be reinstated from the date of his suspension. 3. That iu consequence of the absence on duty of the police magistrate at the time the investigation was held, the commission were unable to ascertain the reason why Mr. Hamilton had accepted bail for Lockhart M'Donald, but they recommended that the police magistrate be called upon to give an —Sanation, and in the event of that explanation held. The mails Irom Gippsland were delayed on Saturday afternoon for some hours, and when tbuy were at length delivered, it became known that a somewhat serious accident on the railway line—the full extent of which has not yet transpired—bad prevented (heir arrival at the ordinary hour. From what can be gathered in connection with the matter, it appears that the passenger train which leaves Sale at 7.25 sum., and is due at Oakleigk at L25 p.m., was run into somewhere between Warrigal and Oakleigh by a ballast engine. The guard attached to the latter was severely injured, and several of the passengers ere also understood to have suffered somewhat. The precise origin of the occurrence has not yet beeu ascertained, but it is stated that the driver of tho ballast-engine being unable to get out of the wav f asked the driver of the passenger tram to give bint a push up. In performing this service, the trains collided more forcibly than was Intended, and the passengers consequently sustained an alarming shock. Messrs. Walsh Brothers have on view at their establishment, Collins-street, two snleudidly* finished cups, made to the order of theTasmanian Turf Club, and to be competed for at the next meeting of the club at Launceston this month. One of the cups Is made entirely of eighleen-carat ;old in the shape of an Etruscan vase, and has Iwen sklllully manufactured from a very beautiful design. The cup is valued at 100 guineas, and will form one of the handsomest racing trophies offered in the coloules. The other cup is of silve^ •A TTIIUVVI AV VV WIU M OMA/U.^-. -M silver-mounted claret glasses, and a gold and silver-mounted riding whip, the latter to be iresented to the gentleman rider who is successful n first passing the tviafliug-po»t. We may add( that the same firm are engaged in making the Clark Challenge Cup, valued at £100, and offered by the Hon. W. J. Clarke as a prize to be competed for at the next Melbourne annual regatta. The cup will be finished within a month, and tho design is spoken of as being exceedingly hand some. A sad case of sudden death occurred near Rutherglen on Saturday evening last. Mr. William Nosh, jun., had just returned home from his work, when he was called upon by his brother Charles, a lad about 14 years of age, who told him that something had happened to his mother. He immediately hastened to her residence, Clydesdale Lead, and on going into the house, he found his mother leaning over the table, and on approaching her was shocked to find that she was dead. It appears the deceased had shortly before attempted to walk to Rutherglen, but finding herself unable to procecd, had returned to her home, and had died a few minutes afterwords. Mr. Nash, jun., called in Reveral of the neighbors, but nothing could be done, as life was extinct. A magisterial inquirv was held on Sunday, before Mr. Geo. Audley, J.P., when Dr. F. M. Harricks, of Corowa, deposed that in his ojiinion the cause of death was apoplexy, caused by the inteuse heat. A verdict was returned according to the medical evidence. The deceased was 44 years of age and the mother of seven children, and has been living in the neighborhood of Rutherglen for the last 20 years. Much sympathy is expressed tor her husbaud and family under these trying circumstances. Mr. Nash was away from home at the time, having taken a contract on the New South Wales side, about 50 miles from Corowa. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Adoertiter says:—" A certain bank struck terror into the hearts of a rich agricultural district not far from Melbourne at the close of the year, and 1 hasten to give the particulars, just to show how crazy banks occasionally become. The bank I mention was the premier one of the district, and had for years done nearly all ihe business, dealing liberally with the farmers, who were HII substantial men. But just at thu cud of the year, when harvest was being got in, the manager was removed suddenly, and a uuw man came who knew not Joseph, and who at once issued notices to all customers to pay off their liabilities. The scare that took place can hardly be described, and the town was in an uproar. Fortunately another bank had lately established itself there, and in the distress of the inhabitants it came to the rescue, and took over their accounts. The conduct ot the bank was inexplicable—it dishonored cheques right and left, and absolutely sent back the cheque of a man who is worth £60,000 ! The result was that neatly all the accounts in the district were removed to the other bank. Another incicent will show the strange behaviour of these institutions. A gentleman bought a station on terms for £112,000. He has paid np £100.000, and he sought to get the banks to adv vance him £12,000 to pay off the debt. Not bank in Melbourne would« do it! This is an absolute fact." In about a fortnight's time the Victorian Government will proceed with the preparation of their programme for next session. Prominent among the new measures proposed will be a bill to amend the Local Government Act, specially with reference to the distribution of the endowment An amendment of the Post Office Act will also be proposed, chiefly with the view of giving increased facilities for intercolonial communications. An Amending Civil Service Bill will include a plan for the mutual insurance of employees, so that each shall make provision out of his salary for cases of death or permanent loss of health, instead of the State being called upon, as at present, to compensate the widow or dependents. There are also the various railway bills to be dealt with, and the matter of the squatters' licenses which expire in 1880. The Government are now anxiously waiting the floating of the £5,000,000 loan. The financial question is a very important one. The railway revenue is below the average, and the land revenue is very much behind, while the selectors are crying out for an abatement of rent The Land Tax Act has worked so unsatisfactorily, bringing in sa much short of the sum anticipated, that an amending bill is considered absolutely necessary; and it is not improbable that a revision of tue tariff will have to be faced, though Ministers are averse to change in this direction. The matter* mentioned above, combined with the result of Mr. Beny's action in England, will form nearly tho whole of the programme for next session. The DayUsford Advocate saysAn illustration of the force of imagination is stated to have oocurred near here a day or two ago. According to our informant a man named Blackwell was working in the forest, and while engaged about a log a snake entwined itself around one of his legs. He shook the reptile off, and cried out that he had been bitten by it Those near immediately came to his assistance, but they could not find the precise spot where the fangs had entered his flesh, and made all haste in bringing bim to Daylesford for medical advice, as Blackwell persisted iu saying ho had been bitten. The whole party were >ut into a great state of excitement; brandy was reely administered to the' patient,' and care was taken that he should not fall into a state of coma. Indeed, Blackwell evidently fully believed that he had been bitten, and he twn began to show the symptoms which generally arise from suako- >oisoning; and so far had the belief worked upon lis system that when his friends had brought him ns far as Comoora he collapsed, and could travel no further. Brandy was here administered to Blackwell, while the two medical men were hurriedly sent for to attend him. On their arrival the maguetio battery and other remedies were u*ely applied, and a close examination made for the marks of the snake's fangs. No sign of a bite could be discovered, however, and it was soon mue apparent to the doctors that his snakeship bad left the man untouched. At the same time, BUckwdl must have had a very barrow escape mooKweu must m from being bltteu" 