Maeteod of Bare. CffAPTSE X.YXIir. (Froai Harper's Mugczt&t;)* Bui unh&ppiiy; she did boi iiear tile ; for as as fc^ called 10 her a heavy sea itresk the bowe, ' sprung high in the air, a :d then fell over them in 'a delugo which ceariv choked her. She . nnaerstooa, tcongii, im tiis-opuig 6»s? Ber hand. It wa: the triumph «€ brute selfishness m the mOLaei;; of dauber. They were dt-own- '? inp, snd he waald not ier lier ooma near bita 1 And so she shrieked ulacd for tier faiLer. ' Ileiiriiig those shrieks, Mnc'.ec^ called to uoo 01 tbe two men, who cii-ie et ambling along ia tu= usrk 3nd cot ho:-* sf tha tiller. There was a sii^tt lii'.i in tho sto:^. ; acd he caught hertwo hatics and held hec ' Gertrude, what i3 the tnetter ? You are perfectly snfe, and so is your father. For Heaven's sake, keep still ; if yon get up, yen will be kaorised overboard i!t ' Where is papa ?' she cried. ? ' I am hota— I am all right, Getty ,** was the anawer — vhich came from tlte bottom of tLe boat, ir 1-0 which Sir. White had very prudently flipped. Ai-J tiset as they cot «it?dar the lee of tfca islt^i, tLcy -icvsa ihcxa^lvea in emoother irarer, tho.ifch from rij.ie -.o lima equails eame crcr that tbreatc-aed to flatten the great log sail n?kt or to rfts waves. 'Coaoe. dot, Gertrude/' said Msclead, *!wecha;i be ashore in s few minutes; and you Bro cot frightened of a pqnmllf ' He La-i ills ana round her ; and he held ber tight ; bet sfcs did not answer. At lost she sew light — a esrsll glimmering orange thins; djs: qal-rS'-y apparent v o hundrea miles off. ' Sec !' he said. ' We ere close by. And ;t may slesr r.p to-right, aflw all.' TV::: he bhoutrd ti cne cf tbc siea s ' c^i-ij, ?« vtiii ~~t try thj qua* the night j wa vti.'l go»to the Martyr's Bay.' It vt23 iboui. 2 cv.l; :cr cf sn liaar afterward ihst — almost; bmu/aborcd with {ear— she 4is covcro i that ifce beat ttss in smooth waUr; tad then there was a Iced clatter cf (he »3 earning ?Jo^rn ; and she heard the two sailors Calling to each other, tsd oce of iheia seemed to hare got overboard. There wea absolutely cclLicg visible — not wen a distent light | but it -,v&.i raining; hecvlly. Then she knew tint Ifsclood Led mored asraj iron: bu* }. sod ahe thought -jhs fcaard a epLiih ia lliETrater} and (hen a voice beside her »:d : -.' ' Gertrude, wil! rou grt up ? You must let ma earn- sou ashois.' .and blo icvn.1 heteeiiin hia armt — carried us jigh'ly bs though she had been a young lama or a &wu; from flu bills ; but eha kcetv £.van the slow way of hie walkirg that lie was £oiag tiirsogh the sta. Then he set her on the ihore. ' Takj my hand,' said ae. *' Sat where ia papa ?'* ' Jtut.behicd my11 eaii! he, 'on Sandy's akculdcrs. Send; v?Ui Lriag liiia along. Oome. dari:i-£i' ' Btifc wh-sre «ro we going :' *' Thers u a Kttla inn. near too catSedwL A'd perhsjK it uill claar up to-right ; end we viil have s fine sail back 9g»m to Dcn-.*' Slie ehuadercd. 2Jot foi tin ihtiuiumd worlds woiild ehe pars threuga once niore that sctthing pit of Lissliiig scends tud rtging seae. He held h«r arm firtnij ; en3 she etumblcd .ilotig through the darknres, not knowing whether ehe vai K&'kin'g tbrca^h seaweed, «r pools of water, or wet corn. And at laat tlicj came to a door ; and the door wa« opaoed; «nd there was a blpzaof orenec .light; *ed tLey entered — al! dripping and ti— ri'f i?iWn — thd warm, snag little place, to the attonish meat of a handsome young lady who proved to be their hcsie&s.; 'Scar me, Sir Keith,' e&id; efce at iength, ' ia it rou icduad ! And you will not be going back to Dare to-night f' In^fac^ wueii llr. White arrived, it was eoonWfle evident that aoingback to Bare that night t!&i; out of ths question ; for 6omebow or other tLe old {jfiitk-raaL;, deepite his water proofs, had nit L:i^ed \\.o xpi. i^iked through; ana he : wa= oeU-r»ii:aed 10 go to bed at one;1, so cs is ;;z.7e li-t v.'!o*he« dried. And so the bcspin.irids ai the tittle inn were requisitioned to the mmcot ; and ae there wae no wliifky to be had, they had to content themselvf 3 with bot tea ; end then they all retired to rest for the n:=rh:. convinced (oat the mcouligbt visitation of tiio ruins had to be postponed. But Dext day — euch are tLe rapid changes in She Highlands — broke blue and fair and ebibinR ? 'and Mies Gertruca 'White was amaze-J to iLjri that the fawfui iounc ehe had came sloug ctj the pi'erious uigbt was now brilliant in the most besutirai colors — for the tide was low, and the yeiiow sandbanks were eliiniag through the blue ?utere cf ths eea. And would she cct, seeing tbst the boat was lying down at the quey now, tail round the island, and see tit; 'splendid sight of the Atlantic breaking on the wild eoist on the \- western side ? She hesitated ; and then, when it was suggested thst she might walk across the island, ehe eegevly ccvepttid tb.-:t alternative. They^ect out, on iiiia act, bwght, beautiful day. ±Sut wLtrb ne, zzgzx 12 pa≻ her tnd snow the beanties cf the Hi^UIeuda, eaw lovely ?white stinQt, iuid iisiiiug plciru cfnrdore* and far views of the s:iksj eev, eh° only saw lone liuesf; and desertion, end a coastiit tliraaten jng of death from the Serco Atisatic. Could eny thiiig have buen more besutif^l — he said to hjmscit' — than this mogniSoaat scene that ]sy all round hett when they reached a &r; poi-t on the western tisore — in face of then tbe wildhr rushing ieae, eomrqg thuudermg 00 to tbe rccfef, and springing so high into tbe air that the snow-white foem 6bowed black «j-ainst tbe glare of the iky j thenrsrer islands ^leamSrg' with a touch of brown on their sub 4rard side ; tbe Dutchman's Cep, with its long trira and conical oratrc, and Lusg», deo like a e*r. tut -sr «h a shorter brim arc! a high peak in front, becoming a trifle bine; th?n j \- Coll aad Tiree iving like a pale stripe on the Jiorizoc ; while far aw&y; in the north the xcouutfiins of Euin and Skye v«re faint and spectr&l; iu i'r.c b?zi- of the sunlight. Then tbe vild ocest around thea, situ ka aplendid raaegrs of grsnite, and its spars gran a brovra green in ths .warm ?un, and ils liaya of ailver eandend ite eea-birds whiter than tba wbite clo\ifl» ibit came tailing over the b'ae. She recognized onlr ths avifnlnew and tLe !cueli * - ness cf that wild shore, with its ^enggertioEe of c raohin t; atones in the night-Hmo 3rd tlie cries of drowning men .da^Led bolpkss en. (be cruel recks. She was very silent all ibe way back, t tough he- fold her stones of the fairies that ««ed to inbabil those Bandy and grasFv And cruld any thine have beeu tdctc insgi cai tlan tbe beanty of tbet tvenicy , efter tbe store: bad altogether died away r The red etira ret, tank behind the dark olive green of Hie ? ? kills f a lialcdear tiriligfet took in place, and ' ehnr.e- orer 4tlC«c fmyific raina that were tb* o'- jret of rostra tlwogh* and many a pQgri it ajje in the fat patt and forgotten yars ; and -bci- the atari bagan to giimmtr as the distant shores and the «*a grew dark; ttnd then, siil! later on, a wonderful radiance rose btbind the ;Jow bills cf Mull, and eercsa the waters of the Sound came a belt cf cuirerirg Jij»ht 'bb the whife *OCB sailed ticwif tip into I he ftr. Woold they fenture oat r.o», into tbe sil-ncsc ? There fMa an odvr of naw-mesru hsy in tbe right air. War »wf.y thev cou'd bear the triur n'urirp,.djtt-e wbVfu around, the rocks. Th«y did sol rg.ezk a word »i :bcr waikeJ iJorg to those ^'ktcn rules overlooking the see, that were now a m&£s of mysterious shadow, excr-pt wt-ere tbe eastern walls and the tower wt re touched by tbe ailrery light tbat had just oom into tbe beavcas. And ia auema they entered the etiU church yard too, and yawed tbe graves. The building eeeated to rise abbat them ia a darkened «wje#ty* before them was a portal tbroogb wbioh ? glimpse -of the moon-lit «ky m vfcibto. Woddtbey«Bter, thenJ 'I «n almost afraid,? ace esid, in a low Toioe to ber conpauon, aad tbe band on his MB xTflJUMCO. Bat no sooner had #%.e epofcea than tbere wss « aadden sound in the night that canted her heart to jump. All over them and around them, «s it seemed, there was a wild uproar of wings; and the olear sky above than was darkened by a dood of objects wneeKng this way and that until at length they swept by overhead as if blown by a whirlwind, and crowed the clear moonlight in a dense body. She had quickly clung tohim in her tear. ' It ie only the jackdaws— there an hun dreds of them,' he said to her; but even' his voice sounded strange in this hoilowbnDd inp; For they had now entered by the open doorway; and all around them were the tall and crumbling pillars, and the arched windows and ruined walls, here axd there catching tbe «barp light of the moonlight, here and there showing soft and gray with a reflected light, with spaces of black shadow which led to unknown recesses. And always overhead the clear sty with' its pate stars 3 snd always, the melancholy sound of the sea. 'Do you know where you are standing now?' said he, almost sadly. ''You are standing on the grave of Macleodof Mac bud. She started aside with a slight exclama tion. a I do not think they bury any one in here now,' said he, gestly. And then he added : 'Do you know that I have chosen the place for my grave? It is away out at one of the Tresbwdsh Islands ; it is a bay looking to the west 1 there is no one livirg on that island. It is only a fcney of mine — to rest for ever and ever with no sound around you but the eea and the winds— no step coming near you, and no voice but the waves.' ' Oh, Keith, yon should not say euch (Jungs: yon frighten me/* ahe said, in a trembling voice. Another voice broke in upon them, harsh and prasjmatiotL ? ? Bo yon know, Sir JEeith,' «Jd Mr. White brietiy, 'thatihe moonlight iselear enough to let you make' oat this plant But I can't get the building to correspond. Shis is the chancel, I believe; bat where are the clois teri?' ' I will show yon,' Macleod said ; and he , led bis companion through the silent and solemn place, her father following. In the darkness they passed through an archway, and where about to atep out on to a piece of grass, when «addenly Miss White uttered a wild scream of terror, aad sank helplessly to Ae ground. She had sb'ppea from his arm, bnt.m aa instant he bad caught ber again, and he raised her on his bended knee, and was calling to her with kindly words. 'Gertrude! Gertrude!' he said. 'What is the matter ? Won't you speak to me t' And jcet as she was pulling herself together tbe innocent saute of this commotion was dis covered. It was a black lamb tbat bad coma up in tbe most friendly manner, and had rubbed ite head against ber bend to attract her notice 'Gertrude, see! it is only a lamb. It eases up to me every time I visit the rains. I*o*f And indeed she was mightily ashamed of herself and pretended to be vastly interested in tbe ruins* and was quite charmed with the view of the Sonnd in tbe moonlight, with the low bills beyond now grown quite black ; but ?11 tbe same ehe wm wj silent ai they watted baek to the inn. And aba- was pale and thoughtful, too, while they woe having their frugal strppef of bread and milk; and very soon, pleading ffcHgne, she retired. Bat all -the same when Mr. White west op stain, some time after, he had been bat a abort who* in his room when he heard a tapping at (he door, tfe said, M Come in,' and his daughter entered. He was surprised by ths curious look of her fece— a sort of piteous look, as of one ill at ease, and yet afbamed to speak. ' What is it, child ?' said be. She regarded him for a seeond with that piteous look, and then tear* slowly gathered in her eyes. ' Papa,' said she, in a aort of halfhyster ical way, ' I want you to take me away from here. It frightens me. I don't know what it is. He was talking to me about grates — *? . And here she burst out crying, and sobbed bitterly. 'Oh, nonsense, child,' her rather maid. ' Your nervous system must hare been shaken laBt night by that storm. I have seen a strange look about your face all day. It was certainly a mistake oejt coming hero ; you are not fitted for this savage life.** She grew more composed. She sat down for a few minutes ; and ber father, taking out a ?mall flask which had been filled from a bottle of brandy sent over during the day from Castle Bare, poured out a little of the spirits, added Mine water, and make her drfek the dose as a sleeping draught. ? Ah, well, you knew, pappy,' eaidsbe, as ahe rasa to leave, and she bestowed a tot pretty smOe on her, 'it is alt in the way of experience, isn't it P and an artist should ex perience every thing. But there is just a little too much about graves and ghosts in these parts for me. And I suppose we shall go to morrow to aee some care or other where two or three hundred isen, woman, and children were mntdered.** - r ' ? *? I hope in going taek we shaD not be as near our own -rra»» as we were last night,' her father observed. ' 'And jTeith Macleod laughs at it,' she said, ' and says it was unfortunate we got a wetting.' And so she went to feed ; and the eea air bad dealt well with her; and she had no dresme at all of shipwrecks or of black &- miliais in moon-lit shrines. Why should her sleep be disturbed because tbst night she bad put her foot on tbe grave of thortwrf of the Ms deods. CHAPTER XKXnr. tbe 'xnarsM.' Vest morning, with all this wonderml wprld at eea and islands shining in the early sun liglit, Mi-. White and bis daughter were down by tbe shore, walking along the white eand-, and ofcattuie idly as they went. From time to time they looked across tbe fair summer sees to the distant cliffs of Bourg ; and each time they looked a eertatn small white speck seemed coaling nearer.- That was tbe Umpire; and Ecith Hactad was on board of her. He had started fit en ankaown hour of the night to briDg the yatdi over from her ?nchorage. He wcfeM Bdt have Ins ticauUtsl Kocaghal, who had oosnavas aaOangar .to thsaa.hr lands, go back to Dare in a eonuMB opan boat with store* ibr ballast. ' ?This u the fonrliestplatw I have ever seen,' Mies Garb tide White was saying, on this the third morning after her arrival. '? It seems scarcely in the world at ail. Ibe sea cute you oft* from every tbicg.yoa Sxow; it would acre bees aothinc ff we lad came by ttSL.' Tbey watted on in silence, the blue waves betide them curling a crisp white on the smooth sands. 'Pappy,' said ste »t lengU?, **I suppose if I lived here for six'months no one ta Kng land would remember any thing about me ? If I were mentioned at alT, taey would think I was dead. Perhaps some day I might meet some one from fiDgland, snd I would have to say, 'Don't you know who I am? Did you never hear of one called Geatrude White ? I was Gertrude White.' n 'No doubt,' said her father cautiously. 'And when llr. Lmiuel's portrait of me appears in the Academy, people would b« say ing, « who is that? Kiss Gertrude White as Janet* Ah, then was an actress of tha* name. Or was ahe an amateur | Shexbatdei somebody in tke Highlands. I aoppose ahe is dead now?' ?? _^ — __-— - — z^z^': fi ft* ** Xt ie-ooe of the atast gratifying inswiiitia. Gerty, af the positioa yoa hove made,' fear father observed, in his slow and sententious way, ' thst Lemcel should be willing, after having refused to exhibit at tbe Academy for co many years, to make en exception in the case of row portrait.' u WeO, I hope my fece will not get birned by tbe sea air and the tun,' .she said. 'You know he wants two or three more sittings. And do you know, psppv, I have sometimes thought of asking you to tell me honestly —not to enconrage-Tiie with flattery, you know- — whether my face has really that bigb-Btrung pitch of expression when I am about to drink the poison in the cell. Dp I really look like Mr. Lemuel's portrait of me?' ™ It is your very self, Gerty/ her father said, with decision. 'But then Mr. Lemuel is a man of genius. Who bat -himself could have caught the very aoul of your acting and fixed it on canvas V She hesitated for a moment, and then there was & flash of genuine enthusiastic pride mantling on her forehead as ehe said, frankly, *' Well, then, I wish I could see myself!' Mr. White said notfeiag. He had watched this daughter of bis through tbe long winter month*. Occasionally, when he heard her utter sentiments such as these, -and when he saw her keenly' sensitive to the Sattery tes towed upon tejby the people assembled at Mr. Lemnel's Tittle gatherings,--!* had asksd himself whether' it was possible ehe could ever marry Sir Keith lilacleod. But be was too wise to risk re-awakening her rebellious fit* by any encouragement. In any case, he had some experience of this young lady ; and what was the use of combating one of ber moods at five o'clock, when at six o'clock she would be arguing in the contrary direction, and at seven convinced that the via media was the strajgbt roaa? Moreover, if the worst came to the worst, there would be some compensation ia the fact of £iise White chanjdne- her name for ihstofLadyMBcfeod. ' . : Just as quickly she cbaagedher mood on the present occasion. Sbe was looking again far over the 'dn-fclv Mm ml _ffi^ .».. *«: ward the white-sailed yafch. - ' ' He must hare gone away in the dark to get tbat hoat for us,' said she, musingly. ' Poor fellow, hew very generous and kind he is! Sometimes — shall I make the confession, pappy?— I wish he had picked out some one who could setter have returned his warmth of feeling.' She called it a confession j bat it was a question. And her father answered more bluntly than ebe had quite expected. ' I am not much of an authority on such points,' ea:d he, with a dry smile. 'But I Bhould hare said, Gerty, that you have not been quite bo eflhsire inward Sir Keith Mac leod as some young ladies would hare beea on xneetiug their sweetheart after a lone abscenee.' ? Xbe pale feoe flushed, and she answered, hastily : 11 But you know, papa, when you are knocked about from one boat to another, and expecting to be ill one minute and drowned the next, you don't hare your temper improved, do youT And then perhaps yon have been expecting a little too moeh romance— and you find mot XEttbland chieftain handing down ioarss, with all the people in the steamer staring at hia». But I nslly msab to makait up to ton, papa, if X could oaly^et settled down for a day or two and get mto my own ways. Oh, dear m«! —this aan— it U too awfully dreadful I When t appear before Mr. Lemuel again 1 ahafi aw a mulatto V And as they walked along the shining sands, with the waves monotonously breaking, the white-Bailed yacht catre nearer and morecear; and indeed the old Umpire, broad-beamed and heavy as sbe was, looked quite stately and swan-like as she came over the blue water. And they saw the gig lowered j and the four oars keeping rhythmical tune; amd presently they could make cut the browned and glad face of Macleod. **Why did you take eo much trouble?' said sbe to him— and 6be took his hand in a rery kind way as he stepped on shore. 'We could rery well have gone backm the boat.' 'Oh, bnt I want to take you round by Loch Tub,' said he, looking with great gratitude into those friendly eyes. 'And it was no trouble at all. And will you step into the gig now ?' He took her hand and guidvJ her along the rocks until sbe reached the boat; and he assisted her father too. Then they pushed off; and it was with a good awing the if' sent the boat through the lapping wares. And here was Hsmish standing by the gangway to receive them ; and he was gravely respectful to the stranger lady as he assisted her to set nr the small wooden steps; but there was no light of welcome in tbe keen gray eyes. He quickly turned away from her to give his orders; for Hamish was on this occasion skipper, and had had doused a smart suit of blue with brass buttons. Perhaps he would hare been prouder of his buttons, and of himself, and of the yacht be had sailed for eq many years, if it had been any other than Gertrude White who had now stopped on board. But, on the other hand, Miss White was quite charmed with this shapely vessel and ?Hits contents. If the frugal ways and 'com- monplace duties and conversation of Castle Dare and somewhat disappointed her, and bad seemed to her not quite in accordance with the heroic tratftionB of the dans, here, at least, was something whic'i she could recognize as befitting her notion of the smme and position of Sir Keith Macleod. Surely it must be with a certain masterful sense of possession that he, would stand on those white decks, icdf peadant of all the world besides, with those ai*ewy sun-browned, handsome IsBows ready te go eny where wfcfc him as fcirlnddngf ?» is -true that Macleod, in showing her over the yacht, seemed to know far tooaicch about, tinned meats} and he exhibited with 8dMJpri3tf a cunning device for tbe stowage of ,eodsJwa*«r ? and he even went the length of explaining to ber tbe rapacities oTtbe linen cbest ; but then she could not foil tovee that in bis eagerness to interest and amuse her he was 'as garrulous as a ?clioolboy showing to hie companies a new toy. Miss White sat down in the saloon, and Macleod, who had bat little experience in attending on ladies' and knew of but one thing, tbat it was proper recommend, said: ** And will you have a cup or tea now, Gertrude f Johnny will getit *o yojJa-Ji, moment. Lv ? ,s-*~'^ *-- ?So, thank you,' said she, with a mile; for she knew not how often he had offered her a cap of tea since her arrival ia the Highlands, 'But do you know, Keith, yonr jaehVSas ?? terrible bachelor look about it? AH the comforts of ft are in Cab saloon anl in tHsV two nice lUtto state-rooms. Xbulsly'eeafta- looks very empty; his too elegant aad JLce, as if you were afraid to leave a hook oca snafceh Ibcx in it. How if you were to turntrds'intM lady's yacht, you wauid have to remote that pipe rack, and the guns and rifles and b6gt .' (To be contiutuij 