A PRISONER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. (Dubbo Despatch, fth July). A MAN named JnmeB Montgomery, on bail for horsestealing, who was being escorted to Coon- amble by Constable Brown, of Curban, was shot on lat July whilst attempting to escape. When about two miles from Coonamble lie tried to induce the constable to promise not to give certain evidence against him, and on Brown refusing tho prisoner suddenly struck him twice on thc back of the neck with a stick, saying, *' Then take that, you-." Brown, who was taken unawares, was stunned for a moment by tho unlooked-for attack-so much so that he nearly fell out of his saddle. As soon as Montgomery had struck Brown he galloped into thc scrub. Brown in a few moments recovered his consciousness, and saw about 130 yards off prisoner and his horse ou the ground, both in the ant of rising. The horse, it appeared aflciwards, had, while galloping, put his fore feet into a hole and fallen down. Brown, when he saw the pri- soner in this plight, rushed up to him, and, covering him with his revolver, called upon him to stand, at the same time ordering Humphries, the prosecutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomery's horse. He did so, and was next told by Brown (who had prisoner still covered with thc revolver) to put the handcuffs on Montgomery. As soon as thc prisoner heard the purport of tho order, he swore he would not allow himself to be handcuffed, and that he would kill tho pair of them if they at- tempted to do so. Humphries naturally was frightened to approach him, os he fully be- lieved prisoner, being then a desperate man, would attempt to carry his violent threats into execution. Noticing Humphries's indecision, Montgomery turned to Brown and said, " Let me get on the horse and I'll go quietly with you to Coonamble. I came with you quietly all day, and I'll co the rest of the way ' with you quietly, but I won't have the handcuffs on." Brown replied, "Well, get on your horse, and give me none of, your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll shoot you." Prisoner then mounted his horse, Brown returned his revolver to his holster, and, as he did so, Montgomery immediately galloped «ff towards the Castlereagh. The trooper (who had thc handcuffs in bis hands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out, "Catch me now, you -, if you can." Brown drew his revolver and went in pursuit, calling on prisoner to stand or he would certainly shoot him. The escapee took no notice, beyond turning round in his saddle and laughing at the policeman. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Montgomery-to show bim that his threats were not empty ones fired two shots over his head ¡ but they had no effect on the prisoner, who continued still to gallop away. Be went down the bank of the Castlereagh, followed by Brown. The trooper's horse here ran him against a tree and knocked him out of the saddle. Brown jumped to his feet immediately, and again called on the prisoner to stand, but no notice was taken of the order. The policeman then, seeing bis man was likely to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out, "Oh, Holy Ghost, you shot me,"but he did not seem to the trooper as if ho had been etruok. Brown now mounted his horse, and resumed the pursuit, calling on the prisoner to stand, and again firing over his. head, in the hope that fear would induce him to surrender. Montgomery, however, was not to be intimi- dated-he continued his course. Binging out as thè shot was fired-"That's two, now catch me, you wretch, if you can." Brown, finding there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Montgomery, os be did so, yelled out, "That's three, pulled np bis horse and dismounted. Brown rode up to him, and, not thinking he was hit-for, in the dusk it was impossible to see if his shots bad taken effect-he again called ripon bini to surrender, and Mont- gomery said, "I've bad enough,-you have shot me three times. I'm killed-I'm killed !" He then stepped away a pace from bis horse, and fell backwards down the bank, The constable got off his horse, lifted the man's head up the bank of the stream, got some water, bathed his face, and told Humphries (who about this time rejoined him) to ride in hastily to Coonamble for a doctor and a, spring cart, as he believed prisoner was dying. Humphries wont, as desired, and Mont- gomery, who never spoke again, continued to breathe for about ten minutes, and theil ex- pired. At'the inquest held the jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. 