ECHOES' FROM FALL HALL. from our own correspondent. ' London, 31st October, Although popular opinion is now-a-daya dis posed 'to repel tho idea that the fato of nations is in any way bound up with tho destinies of royal families, .there can be no doubt that tho inovements of imperial and regal personages afford indications of dis turbances in the" political' "atmosphere, and that they are worth studying in connection with tlio rumors which are set in circulation respecting the int'rigups of coin-tiers snd states men.. It is, for instance, n romarkablo fact that while Princo Bismarck and Count Ar.tirassy ' wore comparing notes at Vienna, nearly the whole of tho Russian Imperial family were in France; the Empress at Cannes, lie Grand Dukes at Paris, the Cesarewitch hobnobbing . with the Princo of AVales, first at Copenhagen and then at the Parisian Hotel, Berlin; whilo ono of tho Grand Dukes actually passed through tlie Ger man capital .on his way from Paris to St. Petersburg, without even leaving his card- at the Prussian court. At the some time, too, the Duhe'of Edinburgh whs bringing his Rus sian Princess - from Germany to England. In radical eyes these movements aro unworthy of notico, but to the mail of tho world they are full-' of interest. ' .There ' is no need to exag gerate their 'significance, as some seem dis posed to do, but tbe some remark' applies to tiro-intercommunications of Imperial chancel lors. Neither ono nor. tho other set of cir cumstances presago war, but thoy both point lu luo prouauiuiy tuaotuu next, war, vt i it may jrise, will be, fought under new condi tions, nnd that Russia and Germany will not he found as heretofore on the same side. The triple Imperial Alliancq was never much better thiin a sham, bat henceforth it will be an impossibility. So far so good ; but it remains to be seen whether new dangers will not spring from the. disarrangement of the old balance of power. Russia for the moment is isolated, but there is no truth in history better established than that the enemies of to-day may bo the' allies of to-morrow ; the new Vienna convention is a proof of - it, and when ever llnssin recovers her strength she will not be without friend#. In tho meantime she is better without them. Sho wants rest, and isolation will give it to her; It is a curious fact that at one time during tho month England was altogether deserted by her Royal Family, but lrappily tho circumstance was dovoid of political significance. Tho Queen and Princess Beatrice' were in Scotland, the Prince nnd Princess of "Wales and their younger children, in Denmark, their sailor sons, at sea in the Bacchante, the Duko of Edin- burgh at Jagenheiin, Princo Leopold was away, but I forgot where ; tho Doko of Con- naught and his bride were on a holiday, tour, the Princess Louise was in Cangda, preparing for her homeward trip, 1 wl)i|efe tho other married prinoessos were, of>.,»t|fco,"%ith their foreign husbands. Thwi iielijilation of the English palncds affordedi-iriatter for tho pass ing remarks of a day, and nothing more. But tlie circumstauce called to mind another re markable fact — that no Royal visitors have sought the hospitality of tho English Court dnring the present yoar. There Iras even beon a dearth of barbaric ambassadors ; and to add to the bereaved condition of London, tho Lord Mayor's show is to be shorn of its glory, although tlio Friendly Zulus of tho Aquarium wero quito willing . to show them selves off on the occasion. I have bod occasion to speak of the platonic friendship between the Princo of Wales and Mrs. Langtry. That I was right in tho uso of tho adjective has been mado clear by the trial of Rosenberg for the libel upon them in Town Talk. Tho libel was a stupid piece of wcrk, as most libels are, inid tho air has been par ticularly thick with thorn of late. The boasted superiority of tho English press has suf fered deterioration, and , I could name a dozen of Loildon newspapers that are no hotter than tho ono that has been jvwfc Sown: ''L'Lk-o in Z.nereaaiM-il? anything - indelicate in a lady - allowing her photograph to bo exhibited 'and sold, and yot the whole press join in - tho chorus " that Mrs. West and Mrs. Langtry courted the foul remarks that wero made on-them; It has not been made to appear thnt it is in their power to pat down the. salo.of their likenesses, nnd now what was at first a harmless piece of vanity is spoken of as if it were a crime; " There is ono uowspaper of long standing and with a large circulation— I mean Reynold?!— which is occasionally many degrees worse tifan Town Tall;, and yet is allowed perfeot immunity, solely because tlio personage it libels occupios a too exalted position to notice it, if, indeed, she knows any- thing abgnt its existence. . The mutch at fisticuffs between tho oditor of tho Daily Telegraph nnd tho editor of Truth is another incident whioh tellB against the pretensions of the English press. The matter botween them is still euhjudice ., but I am re lieved from tlio usual inhibition agninBt com ment when one of tho parties takes the 'law in his own' hands, and tolls the magistrate that he will do so again ; while the other does not refrain from his pen and ink attacks on his antagonist. Mr. Levy Lnwson assailed Mr. Labouchero with a stick, and the two fought it out with their fiats as well as they could. Mr. Labouohere thon sent a challenge to tho'otlier to go to Belgium nnd finish their controversy with pistols ; but tho invitation was declined, and the act of polite ness was returned by an invitation in theshape of a summons to finish the duel before' a magis trate. Tho matter does not oven rest there, for Mr. Levy Lawson is accused of manufoo- ; taring paragraphs forinsertiou iri other papers, although he refrains from comment in lus own columns. Tho Daily Telegraph, which boasts of having the largest circulation in tho world, is mcanwhilo getting into disgrace for another reason, and its popularity Los already fallen off to a serious ex tent. When Mr. Gladstone was in temporary disfavor on account of his supposed truclding - to Russia, the Telegraph was in the ascendant; but now, when Mr. Gladstone is risiog in estimation, aml.his former detractor manifests , a disposition to creep once more into his good graces, tho public manifest signs of diipleasnre, and they know how to mako it felt. Meanwhile another Liberal London daily— the Chronicle — is rising rapidly in popularity, and from beiug a mere (JlerkenwcU " locil," is taking equal rank with the old- established dailies, History is full of parallel passages. It is on rccoid that one of Melbourrie'c most popular mayors onco took the Greek slave into cus tody, and now Sir diaries Whetiram has added another leaf to corporation laurels by layiig on indictment against a photographer of' two Zulu ladies in scanty ccatume. London gallantly rose to their rescue, and now Sir Chaifos is tho most unpopular of Lord Mayors. Nev/r since Sir John Key (afterwards known as Sir Don Key) advised tho Duke of Wel lington that be.wonld be in danger if he came to the banquet in the Mansion House was there suob a furore. Sir Charles's court was in tho possesion of a hooting and hissing crowd for half tin hour, and next flay he was escorted by a similar mob to his carriage. Sir Charles lias doni a few, qther unpopular acts, daring his yea of- office but the. most serious charge against liiin is that he iras saved £2000 out of hissalary. I do not believe this, but he has ccriinly not gone so far beypnd his income as spue of his predecessors liaye' done. . His enujiiea ' make an excuse for him by saying that lie' could riot help saving, inuiinncli " as the citizens would not acopt his hospitality. > Thus there are slanders as ifell as -libels in the air. He commenced bady by defying the whole Common Council in regard to. (he nomination of sheriffs.; and his, attempt to raise a subscription for a msnorial to the late Sir Rowland Hill was an uttjr failure, through, it is Baid, his unpopu- latfy;/ Tho list of charges' /against him is otlerwise a long: one, but I vouoh for nothing ' exsept tho siinplo fact that London does' not iiie him. ' ' , The red Bpectro- eecms to be once more crating a scare in France. I say "seems," Ixeauso I do not believe that' tho thing is loked npon with alarm by the French them- i sdves. With us, ,"'tis distarice;iends a" "terror Utbo vfew.'t The Commune wgs not a whit \- nore reprehensible : than the imiJ (fory severity iwth which' , it was avenged.l).(N(hilism in ' lhssia is'harmlesa in' comparijm/ with the Idspotism., wiiycli, .pnwsh/tbezeypression- of oiinion. The election of ii'coupiepfjrardoned : plitical offenders/ :is" /not" ri;/'matter to,'; fjgh'ten , a ..iratidri out, of/vita/ propriety, ' . or' does iti appear -to be atrango -that a man jaould find fault , with taf law .from which he Buffered.' ' Tho alleged' 'alarm' in France is 'at : artificially excited feriKrig; resembling iu ' 'nis respect, one of Protester Pepper's ghosts, - 5 - -/ . '' " ' Legitimacy and Bonnpartism ore fast becom ing bogies of tbe same patters- No one now believes in Bonapnrtism but the man who used to deride it — Jeromo himself. The Rabe laisian head of tho family now plays tho rile ot a reformed rake. Ho has made his peace with the church, and through tho church with ills wife — tho Princess Clotilde. But he can go no further. Tho break down of tbe steamship Australia in tho chops of the Channel has given rise to sorions misgivings as to tho safety of full- powered steamers inadequately provided with tho requisites for proceeding under Bail. For- several days tho Australia was littio bcttcr- tlran a derelict, drifting about the Channel al most within sight of a choice of harbors. For- ono night the Indies had to sit Tip in their clothes, to bo in readiness to tako to tho-" boats, and tho passengers had ultimately to bo taken to Plymouth in another vessel. Sho- was under tho necessity of anchoring in thoj open channel off Jersey, nnd feais wore outertaincd that even then sho could not bo kept off tho rocks. Fortunately no.other cala--; mity beyond, the dotention of tho mail fortv week has to bo recorded. Another examplo was afforded -of the benefit of soldierly disci pline at sea by Lord Napier of Magdaln. who became the captain's right-hand supporter. Some change seems to be needed in the inspec tion of sc&going; steamers. It is not easy to 'dotect a flaw in a slraft, but Micro should be no- difficulty in seeing to the completeness of tho sailing nnd steering tackle. Tho fault, I pre sume, is iu tho system, not in the company's- arrangements. 