A NAMELESS GRAVE. BY YABRAN. " Wonder whether there's any sign of the place now where we covered him up- it's just over the riBe," said Harry Hawke, as we sat smoking at a camp fire, after a long drag ging day's ride. We'd been out in the back country, Harry and I, and done no good either. My whisky flask was full the day before, and Harry-with my leave, of course had pretty nigh emptied it. So he was " on the story" a bit that night, and from being that doll and gloomy you couldn't get a word out of him, began to talk freely about his past life. What a wild devil he was! He had done such a lot of cross things in his time. Once he got nailed. That meant five years Beninia, which was what made his hair so grey. I couldn't help liking him. It isn't in me to hate a man who could ride like Harry could. After all, he'd never shifted a beast of mine in his life, and once backed me right out in a fight against odds. So I alwayB took him easy, and gave him a job when I could. "Covered up what?" I said. "A horse with no legs on, or a sheep's head with a skin hanging to it, or a kangaroo dog that had taken a bait?" " Dogs and horses be hanged!" he said. " It was a man ; only a Chinaman, though." " A Chinaman !" I shouted. " What the dence made you bury a Chinaman ?" " He was dead first, of course. Some people might have thought I killed him," he said in queer husky voice. " But I didn't, though I saw him done for all the same." " The devil you did? Weren't the clear-skins excitement enough for you in those days, but you must take to man-hunting ? Why, you're a worse fellow than I took you to be, Harry, and I shouldn't have thought that pos sible." " You needn't laugh," growled he, sulkily. " It was done and there was no help for it. i was young and foolish then, not but what a man grows worse as he gets older; I think so anyhow. I never told a soul since, but I feel like telling you to-night, Master Yarran." " All right," said 1, lighting a fresh pipe, which in my amazement I had kept on filling. " I'll sit here on this log and listen. ' You are not obliged to say anything, and what you say may be used against you in your trial'-as the magistrate told the fellow in that horse case the other day." " That don't matter," said he, trying to smile; " there's no evidence but mine and Dan's. He's too blessed frightened to tell anything. We'll go and see the place after wards. Blast it! I've seen it so often in dreams I couldn't forget it if I wanted to." " It's a longish time ago " said he, settling himself on a back log, and staring out into the darkness. " Dan and I were travelling up the -river after a good spree in town, ready lor a try at anything in the stock way, or more than that, if it turned up. It wasn't long after the diggings broke out, you know; money was flush. There was a kind of un settled feeling upon most of us young fellows, and more than me felt it, aa you know well. But, , as I was saying, money was flush, and of course there was no end of 'gaffing,' from tossing for sovereigns and all fours to betting and euchre at country races. The gold was turned up in bucketfuls atTuron and .' The Flat,' at Louisa and the Meroo. Anything you liked to ask for wages for droving or carrying, money was no object; and we and others like us, who could stock ride, or drive bullocks, or fence, or plough, -could name our own wages, and glad to get ns. I was as.lissom as a quince bough and as strong as a mallee . bull in them days never went short of a ten-pound note or two, or a good horse under me. Curse it all; what good has it done me, or the likes of me ? Why couldn't we keep it, or buy a farm and settle down, as we used to do in the old times ? Because there was a ourae on the gold and everything that came next or anigh it Anyhow, Dan and I had screeching fine times of it, as we thought, and knew no better; and we went on riding a fair stage every day. *We had two good horses; horses like you (never see now?' "That be hanged I" quoth I (Tartan). 1 The horses are as good as erof they were, but ycm and Dap are not quite so handy at mounting a strange four year old as' you were, nor so good at sticking to the pig ekin when yon are on. So hair the young ones, XMSS -on untried. That's where the point lays; not in -the horses." " Perhaps you're light," he said drearily. " Tm nat the man I was-4t thafs what *oa mean-thocgh £ could ride or fight, too, a, bit still if I was put in a corner. However,; tii&t; AMB nothing. We camped eveiytiight, and if anyone was there out camti -£hV cards and at it we went We bad droppeda trifle* wihenve came on to a hawker, camped far a little waterhole by the edge of a acrub. fie bad lost come inirom the Lower Darling ? and was bound for-Sydney, vltlm tii wife *nd children lived, with a goodisblotof cash, sriuch be'd made to *bjst thnnderifc' hoi rnuiiltv fntuwl H, ton ; tinvi'MP <1<vs <»nt there!Of rottfse, fir ttitiet linvt ngntiieoHwo. He (I hnrdly ffen ft white tnnti for n tnofilli, Itnvitig t-offte tfitoiifili Uifr bndi trucks, ntitl. tintiiwlly, wfis mtlitr lint for It. lie wnu nt first; tlioft, just, ns we were ntunit etoafitnl out, the Juclt began to turn. My word, hp wrip ft {lafne 'tin ! We played by Mint little wntefhole froili Saturday Afternoon till Moii tlny evening. When we left off wfe'a Won nil jiis cash, AIT70 in notes and cood orders ; not only that, but we'd bought his liglit Waggon ntid horses, tilt and remnants, htid played him for it and imim (he lof. lie hadn't a spate coat or a pair of boots when we left off. Two years' work was gone-he hadn't a farthing left to take liiin home-not that he was going there, he was that ashamed of himself he daren't face the old woman and the kids, poor things. I thought he'd ha' drownded himself in the little waterliole tlmt night. Dan and me sat up by turnB and watched him." " And yet you had the heart to win all the poor devil's money and see him walk off without a shilling for his two years' work or the price of a gown for bis wife! Say I-No wonder you had bad luck." I " Why not?" asked Harry, with an innocent air, surprised-like. " ile'a have done the same by us. It was all fair and square, but I did give him a liver next morning, and he went off with an old blanket Dan furraged up for him. quite satisfied. Off we started along the road with the j hawker's waggon and pair, line strong horses they were, and in tip-top fettle, too; the grass was like an oat la eld where they come from. I drove, and Dan he rode one horse and led the t'otner. Our swags, of course, we had in the waggon. Bimeby we comes to the Ten-mile Plain, and just in the middle of it we overhauls 20 Chinamen a trottin' along all in a string, and pritty well baked the lot was, what with the heat, dust, and they not knowing where the water was, with heavy swags slung on their bamboos as well. We Btood and looked at 'em, and they stared at us and yabbered in their outlandish lingo like a lot of sea gulls. They looked as if they hadn't been long from the ship ; some were footsore. One stout old cove, that looked like the boss, had his tongue out leastways he would have if he'd been a bullock and been that beat._ We were going on, when a little dried-up chap eays to me, ' How muchee you bling this piecee Canton men longa Bourke.' He was the interpreter; said he'd been a sailor. " 'What do ye say, Dan?' says I. 'We might do a stroke by loading up with these Chows for Bourke. There's 20 of 'em, and a note a piece would pay our expenses down to the Junction. Blessed if 1 don't think we'll take a public- house there and make our fortunes!' All right,' eays Dan, 'if you'll drive. I don't know as I should care for a ship-load of yallar ruggers so close. It's only a week or two's journey, anyhow.' " The long and the short of it was that after an hour's barney the little interpreter and I agreed that I was to drive them to Bourke for a pound a head all round-swags and all. So in they packs-ten of a aide-into the waggon. It was that chock full when they stuffed in the swags as they could hardly turn their heads. The road was clear over the plain, no stones, no hills, no trees, no nothin' to bother us-so we bundled along first-chop, till up we comes close up to this very identical sand-hilL They carried their own grub-rice, and some queer things in a big jar-not much to look at, but it seemed to satisfy them- that, and a pull at an opium pipe, which they passed round. After that they'd coil and seem as if they went to sleep, only their eyes was wide open. "The horses looked well and went well, as I said afore, rather too well, as it turned out for one was a queer-tempered beggar, and had a trick of shying and bolting if anything put him out. I didn't care, ana used to let nim rip, as long as the road was open. But some of the Chows used to be that frightened that they'd turn green almost, and their eyes 'ud goggle that way you'd think they was a goin' to fall out of their heads. There was one chap particular, as never could stand this lunaway business. "One day I jumped down fora second to look at some shod horse tracks that crossed the road, and gave the reins to one of these chaps to hold, when I'm blessed if a big gohanna lizard didn't rustle up from behind a tussock with a bilbah in his mouth, just in front of the brown horse's nose. He give one snort, put down his head, and was off like a shot. Before I could get to their heads both horses were away, racin' like two year olds, and the waggon swinging and rollin' behind them, as if it would go over every stride. I caught one sight of the Chinkies, sittin' with their mouths open and their eyes gogglin', like two rows of blessed images. " It was the worst bolt we'd had, but it would have been all right if thiB confounded Ah Gon-that was his name, bu'st him, I can't forget it-a tall, thin, aried-up chap, with a parchment skin and starin' eyes, the worst opium- smoker of the lot, lookin' like a ghost that had lost its way-hadn't gone cranky. Before I could yell out to Btop him he was out in front, and jumped down. The front wheel knocked him over, and in a second he'd fallen underneath, and got one leg tangled up with the spokes and jammed fast, so that ne was dragged, and went round and round with it every time it turned. I j didn't feel altogether right, you may be sure,' but the Chinamen seemed to go mad, for | they screeched, and roared, and made all j kinds of unearthly noises. Never a one of j them moved from their places, tho', and the horses tore along as if they couldn't atop this side of Bourke, dragging and smashin* the. poor devil Ah Gon tail I wondered how he could hang together. Dan, who'd been crawlin* behind out of sight, smokin', or bangin' or sumtfcen, come up then, and gave me my own nag. We had regularly to round up them horses on the plain, like as if they was a couple of bullocks breakin' away from a nfcob. 1 " We had hard work, but we did it at last.! and made some of the Chows that wasn't stupid with fright get down and undo their mate. By gum, Mr. Tarran, you sever saw anything in the world that looked half like him. I've! seen some good up and down scrimmages with blacks and whites, done my share, and < given and taken a good deed of 'wounding with intent to do serious bodily injury, but such a sight as Ah Gon X never saw befpre or since. Both legs was broke, and one arm, his face was all smashed and twisted; there waa nothing much that yon could see but his eyes starin' straight ahead as usual .; his inside was busted, and-well, I needn't say no more, Pahlit was enough to turn a blackfellow. Dan and I had to clear out, and make believe to look after the b<^Pbor devil I" I put in here, "itwaaaU his fault for jumping out; butwhttt a fright ful death to me-o£ course 1^, djepT: I sucrose yon went back to Wanepa with, "Of course he died," went on Harry \fith a sort df laugh (it didn t sonna very merry; if he's where they say chapa go whose life is jnnstly oh liife etntw, he'll Invieti like fhal, It lifc laughs nt hi)). " And we didn't uo lim it to Whiifetift. Whnt wna (lie tine (if faking n dead tnaft fhefe, nml luning wtf minify imtl (Ime find everything? AJJ fot tme(.lilfiritnrtti, We ('OuMn'l Hcf- It." " Ootid heavens ! jrou didn't leave him on the road f" " We didn't do that either. We'd passed a weak sheep of two (there was a hip; mob of stores aheml of us), mid the wny the nnts ate the poor begiints piecemeal, while they were nlive, wasn't fliich as to make iia leave out eten the Chow for them to pick." "It yon didn't leave him and didn't take him hack, what the deuce did you do with him?" I Bay (my pipe had been drawing badly, and was now totally obstructed). "There was no other way unless ye killed him." "So we did, They just did kill him, and that's all about It, Mr, Yarratu You may as well listen. Here'B a wire as '11 Bet your pipe goin' again, with a draught like a patent chimley. 1 tola ye we lifted out the poor devil, and laid him on a bag. and made all the other chaps get out and sit down. They Wouldn't sit near him either." " 4 That one catchee piecee dead,' said the little interpreter. ' No care do sittee long him. Catcnee die too.' "' I'll make some of 'em catchee die,' I Bays. ' Ye tell 'era that, if they don't look sharp and attend to what I says about their countryman. Ye tell 'em this, that I won't go back.'(Here they all nodded.) 'That we can't take him along with us' (here another nodding match), 'and that we can't leave him in the road for the ants and dies to eat, and take their time about it.' (Here another general nod, but not of quite the same sin cere and hearty manner.) ' Now, look here, Ah Yu. That's your name, ain't it? You tell 'em all to do whatever iB the custom of their own country, and I'll back 'em up in it.' " Ah Yu told them all one by one, then spoke to the bead man, who talked to all of them pretty roughly, as it seemed to me. then tney all said, ' Maw,' and not another word. Then they all talked a bit together. The head man looked as solemn as an owl. Then he made a kind of Bpeech, that sounded to me like stones in a keg, and afterwards went all round, and every man held up one hand and said one word. The poor devil, Ah Gon, couldn't speak, but he held up his arm like the rest. Then the head man lit his opium pipe, and passed it round. Ah Gon had it last, and kept it, you bet, as if he never wanted to let go of it again. " 'Now, then, what's up, Ah Yu?' I said to the interpreter. "' My countrymen allee say that one piecee, Ah Gon, must catchee one piecee die. No can leave on road. No can go, no can stay. Die allee Bame. That ant no eat him. Must catchee, killee.' " ' But what does he Bay T singB out Dan. ' I won't stand by and see it done, if he don't savee-not if we have to carry him to Boarke in a three-bushel bag.' " Interpreter then asks Ah Gon very quiet like, and points to Dan. Blessed if his eyes didn't give a burn up like a dark lantern. But he pointed to his arm, his legs, his well, everywhere pretty nigh, and then holds up his one good arm, and said a word or two %rery faint. " ' He say no can live,' says Ah Yu. ' He likee you killee him allee same. He no care Buppose you killee quick.' ' ' I'll see him hanged first,' says Dan, and he walked away. " ' Now,' says I, ' Ah Yu we can't stay here a week; if you Bettled it square among your selves, one of you muBt finish him.' " ' Allee lightee, Ah Wong, plenty catchee killee. Allee samee, Ah Wong. Him see bushranger once, what callee pilate." " As he gave the name all the lot started and turned half round, except a square-built swarthy chap Dan and I had spotted before as the only man among 'em. The head man said.'Ah Wong !' in a loud voice and went on smoking. " Then Ah Wongjumped to hisfeet, walked over to Ah Gon and roae him up. He wasn't afraid, not he, but looked up awful sad-like. He pulled out a long, narrow blade of a blue colour and rather wavy, but as sharp as a razor. Standing in front of him, he bent down and raised it for an instant. Ah Gon looked at him quite steady like. Next moment he drove it in with one quick blow under the left shoulder blade. It must have split hia heart, for Ah Gon fell on his face and never moved after. " Some of his mates raised a bit of a howl, but stopped very soon. The boss he went on smoking for a minute, and then said half a dozen words which made 'em all jump up and come over to the dead man. I'd got a spade in the waggon belonging to the hawker -they mostly carry one in case of getting, bogged- Well, 3 walked through the scrub a bit, and showed 'em a place under a batah tree. They set to work with the spade and two or three sticks like mad, and soon rooted out a grave. " But do you think they'd carry him over ? Not they! if they were stuck for it. ' No touchee. Canton men frightened that one catchee killee.' Even the pirate. Ah Wong, who didn't mind killing him, wouldn't touch him now. They began to dig a fresh grave close by where he lay. That wouldn't do. The end of it was-Dan and I had to carry him over and lay him in. Dan was too frightened to swear, but made up for it after wards. I was in a blue funk somebody would come by, for we couldn't exactly say he'd died a natural death. He didn't look like it, anyhow. He was covered up and pat away under the batah tree, with the big dead limb, i I was very glad then, I can tell you. J , put the horses in, and away we went. We made Boarke all right, and the boss counted out a sovereign a man, all reg'lar. I wanted him to pay tor Ah Gon, but he said ' No savee,' and grumbled in his own lingo. Ah Yu said 'That ole boss say Ah Gon pay you himself some day.' by -- he did too." said Harry. Who d ever have thought I.enouldever care so much about the rubbing oat of a cursed Chow ? And I didn't kill him myself neither; aha yet many hundred times I've seen his dyin pitiful face and starin' eyes in all kinds of places and -ways, , It's made me drink twice as hard as I shouldTand drove me desberate, I believe, just before I got into tha| trouble abont those cursed horses." "(You're liketheman that queerchap De Qomoey talks about, " said I <it had been rauyng for about a .month, and we could j hardly get outside the doom " he was an opium-eater, too, like your Pose Chinaman.; 'Many a nan,' he says, 'begins with a. murder that very likely he thought littie enough about at the timeVand goes onby degrees to .idleness. inciW¥ty, awI pro crastination. He didn't kno jr; anything about duffing, Harry.or Isappose hed iMTOMttNtotQ.'!.'. v.:.. A jon laugh at .me. Mr* Yunan," sari hetwith a yery SVtgn.Blight bejonry for it yet, It'skified me.ldo«0y - believe. Ive a notion that I «han4 Jireto&g;/ and by I'm thatmiaer&ble; at time* * ?I '.'.-.r ft! tt/t Mrt!**- .. .' tltm'l rrnnt it». 1 st»iiiu>Hi> It's a fitir tlilnc for n orifhfi. Kb, 1 nifgtjf: let'sgo (ifpf tiHtl m*f> <liirt tn<in(tej-Jhg^/tv^6f i filmfi't nhffi." Bo we wnlltfcd (iter the firtntl HdRe, lie going first, It wn« fir&ttj; dark, ntid n roltllsh wiwl came whistling mid hftlf-nryiug through the shrub pltiet. Wo tftmnhlbil along a few hun dred mds, whfcn " Itetfe It is," tstija he. " Itow Hint old tlftnrt limb Sticks out, don't it ? All the world ns Jf it 'ud come in linndy for a gallows." Sure enough. there was ft little mound, partly bate, and weedy-grown. "It might he anything, llntty," says 1; " most likely a black picanniny." " We'll soon see." says he, fiercely, Retting ashftfp stick, una clearing atvay the aand. "They buried a brass pot full of rice with him, and an earthenware one with salt fish. It's not deep." He worked frantically for a bit. Then he put his band into the sand, and pulled out a brass pot; then an earthenware one. " There 1" he said: " just another shovel ful, and we'll coyer him tip again." The night cleared suddenly, and we both sung out as the sand fell back from a skull with grinning teeth which seemed to mock and move in the half light. " Lord above I" Baid Harry, "he's alive! I saw him move; he always grins at me like that. Ah," he screamed out, " keep him off 1 A-ah 1" And he dropped down in a tit or a faint, I didn't know which-a touch of the D.T., most like. I covered in the grave. By and bye he came to, and I got him back to camp. I never quite made out the rights of that story. Sometimes I thought Harry must have killed the poor Chow himself, or he'd never have been so shook about it. It was a queer yarn, but Harry was a gueer fellow, and had done queer things in his time. There was no doubt about that. Anyhow, he didn't live long afterwards. A young horse capsized him one night. He was " on" a bit, they said. He got his foot fast in the stirrup, and when he dragged the colt set to and kicked him pretty nigh all to pieces before they found him. That was odd, wasn't it? I saw Dan afterwards, and asked him where the Chinaman's grave was. He told me the exact place, described the batah-tree, and how he died of dysentery, and what a funeral his countrymen got up when they buried him. There wasn't a wink on Dan. 