THE STORY-TELLER. A E1NE FORTUNE.' BY J. C. F. JOHNSON. Atoeoh of Oh ihs Waixabt, Ovbr thb Island/ Christmas oh Cabbing a/ Etc. : t Chapter XVII. — (Continued.) BLIND BILL'S STORY. Warland, after a short pause,refpTmed his story.. : — _/v . \ The Brusher's brutal fape was quivering with rage, and his huge gaping tedtb and massive protroduing jawbone save him the appearance 01 a nungry uyfcna, v. 4 "So ye old dog. Rrlaad/'he snarled, "yer didn t know whpn yer yvasell off, didnt yer? Yer thought; yer was goin to fool us, did yer ? Nov/ we'll let yer know the differ, for as sure 'as yer stand there we'll flog the skin off of 11 yer backs, beginning with that - kid aye, and roast ye after mat, if yer tell us where that cur Yerner is plkr.»e(ji jje ain't gofc verv far, rn saarei; los' all that blood." (j ' " t'5 said I, as calmly as I could, I know, .yoix-are, not overparticular as' to what yt»n do, biit remember we had your promise (aot to ill-use any- of us. ' But, at all,1 events, "you can't be such out-and-out/ cowards as tohurt tnis poor child." - . " As to that/ said The Gipsy, with a crueji sneer, 44 who told the fust lie, and said tb.e boss wasn't with yer, eh ? If we can't £et the old man, we've got the joey anyhow, and ' e'll just take it out of his hide fustly, and see if he or some on yer won't open yer months then." ' " Men, men,4' I cried, appealing to the number. "If you are men, and not devils incarnate altogether, you'll never allow this to go on. You cannot, dare not, do snch a piece of devilry as to flog a poor innocent child. Here, flog me, if you must flog," falling on my knees as I saw them turn iaway, " but spare this poor baby." 444 Right ye are, mates," roared big Mike Gartigan, coining down with a thump on his knees beside me. " Here flog the whole lot of us — there." The other two held out for a minute, and then " I makes one more," said Joyce. '"Then I'm in too," cried Frost; it'll oney make the pattern complete if ye puts the cuts on t'other way,+ but let the kid off, iinyho.w," " Ho, ho, so that's it," hissed the leader, With a gleam of fiendish joy iu his bloodshot eyes, " that get's at yer, does it? We'll catch our coon yet, lads. . Wheel up that dray,i we'll do the thing correct. Now, young Un," turning to the trembling boy, " we gives yer half a minute to split on yer uvher, and say where he's planted, and then if yer don't, off goes yer dads, and up yer goes onike wheel, and our Mend Mr. Brand, the fiogger here, as has had a good lot of ex perience in that way, '11 percede to hopperate on yer bit of a back." ' I made one despairing effort to touch him. 41 For God's sake, lads, don't do this thing," i cried. ' " Don't burst yer gizzard, old man ; we'll fix' you, too, directly," said Ihe Gipsy, with a brutal laugh, in which the others joined. "Now, yonng un, this is yer last chance. Are yer goin' ter blab or ain't yer ? Come, quick now." ' " If I knew where dear papa was I wouldn't tell yon, yon big cowards," said the a poor child in a choking voice ; " but I don't, and if you flog me to death, I won't speak a word to put you on his track. O papa, poor, poor papa," and he broke down in a passionate burst of sobbing. ' " Regular chip o' the old block, and be — — to him," said The Brasher, savagely. " Here, tie the little beggar up, we'll take it out of his small hide, anyhow, if we don't get the old un." I a few minutes' time he and the Gipsy had torn the clothes from the child s back, and tied him to the wheel. " Now flegger, old boy, give him h — 1. I'll be " beak" and Gipsy '11 be " sawbones," and sing out when he's had enough.'' 4 " I'll be cursed if I stand in with this yer job," cried one of the younger men " I . thought ye were only tryin' to gaily him a A bit, but if ye means floggin' I am out.' " . 4 "So am I too," said another; "flog the big beggars if you like, but ; — flogging children." '"Here, Brasher, do yer own dirty work; I shan't touch him," said the one who bad been . referred to as " the Fiogger, ' and he was one of the worst-looking fellows in the gang. For a moment I hoped that the com- The proprietors ct The Weekly Times hav? purchased tl'e exclusive right of publishing this fftleln Victor!. . ... . t The backs of many of the men who served their . time wen) marked like t coarse wire sieve by the oat \+ A dray wheel was commonly used in the old convict days as a substitute for t be military triangle or naval grating, for tying the man up who was to bo flogged. . . . mission of this fiendish deeli would be averted, as the faces of several showed signs .when the leader broke in savagely— % i x | j ' aii ' w cursed mealy-mouthed you've got. Ail right, my h'earties, let the kinchen off, J? fine, lot - you'll make out of this job that you've risked yer necks for. If we ruon't find out where the boss is planted— and he aint far off I'll swear — not a blessed sight do we get of the shiners that he's always got stored away, where no one el$e but bisself can drop on to 'em." " Here. I'll soon fake this ; lend U3 hold on the cat," said the Gipsy, showing his white teeth with his habitual smile. " I'll do the business for the kinchen myself. Brusber, you count. I think three tails '11 be enough ; won't he room for the whole dose." He took the instrument, and walking up to the necessary distance, said — " Now, my bold covey, are you a goin' to blow the gafff, or aint you ? See how . I swings my arm this way three times, and then down she comes." _ ' I heard the horrid thing hiss through the air. Frost, on my right, was screaming and swearing, and tearing at his bonds in im potent rage. Some of the £ang were laugh ing and jeering at him. I, though a strong man, felt sick and weak as a woman ; but above all the din I heard the voice of the child crying — " 0 God, our Father which art in heaven, bless poor papa and save me." Then the cat fell with a dull sound, and an instant's silence ensued, broken only by the hoarse voice of the Brasher saying — " , " That's one." 4 A convulsive shudder passed through the boy's frame, and as through a mist I saw a tiny whiteface turned imploringly to mine from the infernal wheel. The cat again descended, and a sharp, terrified cry broke from the lips of the poor little hero, in which my name a mingled... 'I felt my ,ifemple bursting, -and fell prone to the ground, whilst at the same instant there was a rattle of musketry and a gleam of scarlet through the' trees— but to me for several hours all was darkness.,' The blind man's voice became husky, and he stopped fora minute in hi narrative. Little Fred who had been sitting listening in rapt attention, was with difficulty restrain ing his sobe. Do -vn Jack's honest face there were two wet marks, and his pipe was out, and J oe had been blowing -his nose sus piciously move than, once. OjiBill resumed. 1 They tell me J had a fit of come kind ; I could never see with my righteye after, and the samb side of, my body was paralysed for days. ' When I came to my sensas I found the greater portion of ihe band in the bauds of the soldiers. Gipsy Bill was shot dead, but the Brusher, who had fallen at the first discharge, had afterwards managed to crawl away whilst the soldiers were tyiDg up the others, and had got into the scrub. 4 In the verandah was a group which I seem to see before me now. On the floor lay what seemed to be the lifeless body of Mr. Verner, and stretched across his blood-bedabbled breast was Prince John, with his face pressed close to his father's neck. 4 When the soldiers fired, Fryer knew that all was safe, and came out of the tank, drag ging his charge with him. Lieutenant Cameron, who was in command of the de tachment, ran forward and released the boy, who had fainted, and laid him tenderly on the verandah ; but as soon as conscionsness returned, and he saw his father, he weakly crept to his side, and threw himself yi uncon trolled grief on the insensible body. 4 Fryer bad managed to stanch the flow from Mr. Verner's v ound, but the poor gentleman was still unconscious from loss of blood. 4 O, friends, I can't go on much longer. It mikes me sick to think of it. Enough to say, Ar. Vtrner slowly recovered, but our poor darling, noble little Prince John, never rose from the bed of sickness upon which he was laid by the terrible strain and horror of that dreadful half hour. B e had his mother's delicate constitution — the shock was too great for him . 4 Just before the end he turned his street face to me, and said— — 4 4 4 Kiss me, William, good-bye, and now, papa, I'm all for you." 4 His father clasped him passionately to his heart, and so they remained until the gentle little spirit went back to God. 4 Mr. Verner was an altered man after he himself recovered. He sold his property soon afterwards, and, I believe, returned to England. 4 1 ain't a vindictive man as a rule, but I say it, and I mean what I say, that six months later on I had the pleasure of seeing the Brusher, who was caught a few weeks previously, strung up in front of the old gaol.' The old man sat for some time in silence, and then rose to retire to rest in the lean-to room, which Joe had added to his premises, and which served as a bedroom. And Fred, then very sleepy, went with him, and crept into the bunk which he was to occupy with his old protector, leaving Jack and his host seated by the fire. Chapter XVIII. dick plays high for a fortune. C £ CilJijag slr.pss and beckoning shadows dire." Milton. Crosscut Dick and his gang had not been seen near their old haunts in the neighbour hood of Ballarat for nearly twelve months, but they had been busy in other directions, and were heard of occasionally on the Mel bourne and Bendigo road, where they robbed and sometimes murdered, with seeming im punity. A party of bushrangers, believed to be Disk and his companions, had also been bold enough to stick up the armed gold es cort and rob it. After that the country road was made so hot for them that they disap peared, and were believed to have retreated across the border into New South Wales, and to be living on the proceeds of their last great robbery. This, however, was not the case. Dick, who was possessed of the faculties of organi sation and strategy in a marked degree, had lcDg since fixed upon a fastness in the wild Kinchen — a child. t Blow tbp gaff— inform,' «. . V Grampian range, where he now retreated, in tending to live there quietly until - the as- citenlent caused by their late exploits bad died away, and the increased vigilance of the authorities had'become relaxed, before again returning to the scenes of their former in dustries, Those by whom he was accompanied had faith both in his courage and cunning, and so they readily agreed to the retirement which he proposed. The latest addition to the gang — and consequently the one least likely to be known or suspected— occasionally rode down to the nearest diggings, where he passed himself off as threader of a party of prospectors, many comMfifaw of whom were out in various parts of tSrony. H e took a packhorse, and obtain supplies and in formation as to what was doing. On one occasion a piece of old newspaper, dated about six years previously, came to t|ie camp, wrapped round some goods. This Dick picked up, and began laboriously to spoil over, for though he could neither write npr read written characters, he could just spell out printed matter. An advertisement caught his eye among the public notices, aqd he began slowly tfo read it, but started sud denly as he came upon his own name. This was the paragraph : 44 Notice. — LI, 000 Reward.— The above reward will be paid to any person giving such information as will lead to the recovery of ' a male child, stolen from Corn all, England, about twelve months ago, which child, it ds believed, was brought to this colony by. a woman named Mary Tremuan, wife of an ex- convict named Richard Tremuan. The ad vertiser will pay One Thousand Pounds bo kny one, including the persons named, who may be the means of restoring his child, and will give a guarantee not to prosecute. Apply to Hickson and Beach, solicitors, Chancery lane, Melbourne ; or to Sir Francis Foring- ham, Bart., Hallidane Hall, Cornwall. Mel bourne, January 1, 1818." Dick crushed the paper in his large hand, and scowled around on his companions, as though to see if any o them had been Watching him, but they weie absorbed in a game of all-fours, with a pack of cards so greasy that it was bard to tell the king of clubs from the deuce of hearts. 4 Now I s'pose that tes my desmal luck agec. Why the ded I never see that paaper befoar. Well, it maybe esn't too laate yet, ef the owld Squoire esn't dead. Ho ! ho ! ef 'ee knawed who 'twas scat 'un off tes hoss p'r'aps he loike to paay me out too. These chaps doan't knaw nawthin' 'bout the boy, so I s'pose I got to tell un some lie bout un ; but I must get 'un into my hands, that's for sure, an' that'll sarve out old Calico Jack at saame time. Why I can saay as he's my son, an' who can ssay as he esn t ?' Then I can tnaake aal roight with Squoire through Tregellas ef he's in owld place ; or I moight pack that owld Zacky hoam ef he wasu t so cranky. Well, I'll get hold of the young 'un anyway, then I shall have the best troomp caard in my hand.' A few months later it was noised abont over the country that 4 The Cornishman's Gang' were out again, and men travelled from place to place through the bush in fear and trembling. But everywhere Crosscut Dick went, he was quietly watching his chance to play for a high stake — that stake Jack Jepster's Fine Fortune. ilia We left Jack and Fred sitting with Holy Joe in the wayside store, listening to old Bill Warland's story. Little dreamed they as they listened to the deeds of violence done in the dark convict days, of a tragedy, the action of which was fast approaching, a tragedy in which all of them would be com pelled to take an active part, and which, while it would end for ever the earthly career of one of the quartette, was destined powerfully to affect the future lives of the two whose fortunes we have followed from the hot New Year's Day of 1847. After old Bill and the boy had retired to rest, 'ack and his friend remained to discuss the absorbing question, « hick had before been interrupted by Joe's policy, but the argument was carried on in a subdued tone, for the sake of the sleepers in the adjoining room. They had sat thus for about an hour, Jajk, as usual, enveloped in a cloud of smoke, when the noise of horses' feet was heard from some distance down the road. The men looked at each other inquiringly. 4 Who will this be, I wonder,' said Jack. 4 It's Dte for any one to be out, and on such a dark night too. It might be as well to put the bar across the door, if, as you were say- ing, you suspect that you have some bad neighbours. Who are they ? Do you know ?' 4 1 dinnot rightly know ; but . I've had a wicV ed- looking rascal in lately once or twice buying tobacco. He did not look like a digger, and I'm thinkin' he's camped some where not far from here/ By this time the horsemen, of whom there seemed to be four or five, bad stopped oppo site the door. Jack went swiftly but quietly into the room where Fred -and old Warland ere lying, and placing bis hand on the latter's shoulder found tbt he was awake. Jack whispered : — 4 There's some people outside, and I'm always afraid for my little boy. Your tale bas put me up to an idea to make him safe. You cannot help us inside, so if these people mean mischief, will you slip out of the window .ithhim? You can both hide in the little cellar under the cart- shed, where Joe keeps his tobacco. No one but our selves knows that it's there at all, and being so far jrom the house it will not attract at tention.' He then woV e the boy, hut laying his finger on his lips, prevented him from speaking. 1 here was no light in either room, and Jac sitting on Fred's bunk, helped him to put on his clothes, which the little fellow Wonder mgly began to do as soon as he was told, without thinking of asking questions. V hen he was dressed, Jack took- him in his arms, and held him there waiting. ' he horsemen were heard dismounting, and talking among themselves, but as they were a short distance from the house the subject of their couversation could not be caught. Footsteps now approached the door, and then a voice which made Jack start, and caused little Fred to cling closer to his protector, was heard saying— Theer all asleep, sure. Well, we'll soon . wake 'un out o' that.' ' j Then there was a loud knock' at the door. Jac v, with the boy still in his arms, pushed open the little window, composed onljr of a small square frame covered with calico, and looked out. There was no one behind the house. He turned, -and felt the blind man, who was now also dressed, at his side. He placed the boy on the bed, and quietly assisted Warland out at the window. Not withstanding his affliction the blind man was veiy active and sure-footed, and was quickly on the ground outside - Jack raised the boy, who was trembling with terror, and whispered — 1 Listen, my little lad. That man, Crosscut Dick, is at the door, and I fear he may do yon some injury, ormight even take yon away from Uncle Jack. Go now with Warland, and stay quiet till I come for you ; but if anything should happen to me, and I don't come, make your way to Wilandoula, and tell Captain Foringham that I aiked him to take cnarge of you for me. Don't cry, old chap,' for the child was now silently weeping. 4 God will take care of us both. Remember what I have taught you, and be a good boy, even if Uncle Jack is not by to see how you behave. H you find your father you must obey him as you would do me, but otherwise Captain Foringham will be your guardian. Now, go, darling/ Gently, but firmly, removing the little felloe's arms, which were closely clasped round his neck, Jack kissed him tenderly, and put him through the window to Warland, who then dropped upon his hands and knees, and crept off towards the cart- shed. And this was Fred's long farewell to the Mend and protector of his youth. They were not a moment too soon, for some of the people outside, who had kept up a con tinuous knocking and calling at the only door usually found in bush huts, and which, as usual, faced the road, now made their way to, the back, and taking a log of wood, dashed in the frail canvas frame. Then Joe, who had been rejoined by Jack, suddenly called out : 4 Who a there ? In the name o' a' decency wha s making such a clatter ?' 4 Here, open your door, or we'll darn soon bust it in for you,' cried one of the fellows w itbout. 4 What the devil do you mean, you holy, bowling Methodist scrubber, by keeping re spectable customers out of your old shanty in this way ?' A string of coarse ribaldry followed, mid then a renewed summons at the door. The friends saw that it would be useless to at tempt to keep their unwelcome visitors out, and knowing that Warland and the boy must have gained their concealment, Joe began to unbar the door while Jack lit the lamp. The first of the gang to enter the hut was Crosscut Dick, who took a rapid survey of the interior to see that the occupants were unarmed. And after him came four other rascals, each v, ith a pistol in his hand ready for use. 4 Now, Mester Calico Jack, I've got a crow to pick weth you, I have. Us'll tache 'ee what tes to interfeer weth we 'nother toime, an' as for this heere desmal psalm-singiu' buffie head, weel maak 'un pay for his piety by helpin' ourselves to wbaat we waant in s shop, wheer there do seem to be a body o' trade. As for you, Mester Jack, I'm goin' shares weth you in your fortune. I think 'es you've had my son long 'nough now, an' I doan't want 'un spiled vt eth any mcor of your nonsense. I'll bring 'un up my way now.' 4 Here, hear, Captain !' said the tall man, whom we have heard called Gentleman Jim ; 4 make him a free gentleman bushman, not a mean, cheating, calico packman.' 4 You have made a mistake, Dick,' said Jack quietly. 4 The boy is not here with me, and I hope he is wheie yon won't be able to interfere with him.' 4 It wauut do, thee owld liard ; I've had the plaace watched. He's in - that other room now weth owld Blind Bill, an' so you best bring 'un out too, an' let 'on go quietly with me, or it'll be worse for boath of 'ee. Thecre bring 'un out, lads.' Two men went into the inner room, and returned with the statement that there was no one there. Dick seized the lamp and rushed in him self, and finding the room unoccupied, gave a cry of rage and disappointment. He returned to the outer room with the look of cruel' determination which his fol lowers so well knew. 4 Wheer the is that sneaking Jerry, whaat said as he watched the plaace till daark, and that the boy was in hat. Bring un in ; bring un in. Grumbling Bill went out, and returned with Jerry, who had been left to mind the horses, as he was quite useless in case of a fight. Over Mr. Mack's pale face a ghost of a (mile flitted when he saw Jack, bat it vanished when he noticed the look on the ugly countenance of his leader. 44 Coom heere, you — rascaal, and tell me roight out, or I'll braak hevvery lemb you've got Wheere's the boy you said was heere ?' O, so help me ! Dick, he was here all right just at dark, when I come and told you. I seen 'im settin' jest therein that seat near the fireplace, aud old Blind Bill close beside 'im. Honour bright, I did too/ 4 O, we'll get 'un then, sure 'nough ! Saarch round a bit, laads. Look out in the caart.' Four of the fellows scattered around to look for the fugitives, Jerry making himself especially busy in the search, whilst the leader and Gentleman Jim watehed Jack and Joe. No discovery was made, and the others returned to say that their search was un successful. Dick foamed with rage. 4 Taake and tie these two — — up/ he roared. 4 Ef they ain't quiet maake 'un quiet weth a stick, but doan't kill 'un.' 4 We'll no resist ye, men/ said Joe calmly ; 4 take what ye want and go away quietly.' 4 Tie 'un up, tie 'un up ; we 11 let 'un knaw,' yelled the leader. The two men, who submitted quietly, were. securely bounds 4 Now taake all what we wan tin' out of plaace, and set hut on fire. Ef the two— — is any wheer about tha'U toast 'un out.' 4 Yon need not do that, mates 'saidT who was grieved for the trouble h« ¥ 1 brought upon his Mend. 4 We'll do ever you lik and you can take what rt like from my cart. There's lots 0f th there of use to you, a a well as alew d<28 in money; but don't waste property w W? can do you no good/ " n 11 4 Don't see what good it '11 do us tain ' said the youngest of the bushmn J?! 4 and the fire may call the attention of tl; ' traps, if there should be any about 4Ef you say 'nother word IU knacks into jowds,' snarled ihe leader, with a d moniaeal scowl. 4 Fire the crib/ 1 say ut'n may be maake un spake out wheer boy es ' 4 Nothing will mak" us do that.' said T L 4 1 thank God the boy is out of your reach' and if ye burnt me as well as my hut t would na say a word to help ye get himin'ye 4 You needn't be in such a - - hurrv thanking God,' Said Gentleman Jim with a sneer. 4 You forget, I fancy, that you are in our Dower, any way, and I don t think you're likely to get out of it in a hurry either till we've done with you. Our Captain, hbre wants his sou, and we'll get him for him too' or your hides 11 smoke for it.' ' The two friends were dragged outside and after the store had been ransacked of 'any thing considered valuable, a brand from the fire was applied to the calico partition be- tween the rooms, and soon the whole in. terior was in a blaze. Dick went to the sbed and searched the cart for useful articles. The vehicle was then backed up against the burning hut and soon helped to swell the blaze. ' Poor Racket, who had been released by Fred, but told to watch the cart, bravely re. sisted the approach of the men whe first came to search it, until he was knocked on the head with a Tail and. stunned, and now lay in the shed where he had fallen defending the cart, which had so loug been his hoine and his constant charge. The bushrangers waited until they felt sure that there was no living thing about the hut, and then, packing the goods on the horses they started up the road, and struck into the scrub, fearing that the light of the fire might attract attention. They dragged their two captives with them, Dick threatening to take a fearful means of making them reveal the hiding- place of -the boy hen he had got them to his camp, wich lay about three miles away in the scrub. (TO be COHrnNTTBB. 