Native Levies of South Africa. SUBJECTED to the same climatic influences, nourished with tae same food, and bred to the same active open air life which produces such splendid physical development, it is strange that the various tribes in South Africa should dilfer bo in courage. The Zulus have shown them selves to be capable of a recklesß heroism by do means universal amongst their white conquerors. Some of the native levies, however, are of very different stuff. The Fingoes appear to be aa soldiers absolutely contemptible, while the BasutOß are little inferior in dogged pluck to the Zulus. Late files of Cape papers contain narra tives characteristic of these friendly native tribes. A Fingo camp is watching Morosi's mountain, and twice the men had screwed their courage to the sticking place, and volunteered to Btorm this stubborn rebel's stronghold. The result of the last attempt we take from the Frontier Guar dian : —" The fatal and glorious charge was fixed to take place at half-pant 2 o'clock in the morn ing. Assegais were sharpened, supplies of ammu nition issued, and at midnight every man was to be at.hid post. The Fiugoes, under Tainton, Peacock, and Maclean, were to start from the noted ' saddle,' supported by the C.M.R. and the Kat river levy. From the Bide of Colonel Minto'scamp sixty Fingoes, supported by twenty five of the Ist Stockenstroom Volunteer Rifles, were to ascend and take possession of the schansen on that side. These latter ascended and got under cover, when Lieutenant Berry ordered his Fingoes to advance up the schansen, but they flatly refused, and ran aa if Old Nick was after them ; in fact, they came straight down the krautzes in a wonderful manner, and then the Volunteers were obliged also to retreat. At the 'saddle,' although the colonel and the C.M.R. were waiting there all night, not a Bingle Fingo put in an appearance. When sent for it was found impossible to get them to stir, and bo ended the glorious 'attack' of the 10th August The enemy goes and cornea with provisions close to the Fingoes' camp, and the old ' general' still keeps up a smart fire." Such allies are of course valueless, and we wonder that these chickenhearted levies have not been disbanded. But our native soldiers are not all of such contemptible stuff, as the follow ing account of Coobrane's Bisutos, taken from the Cape Timei, proves : — "They were ordered by Colonel Buller to draw on the Zulus from the right side of the square. Instead of firing a few shots and then falling back upon the square, they made a stand and poured volley after volley into the advanc ing masses of the enemy. When told to retreat they aaked their officers what was now to become of them. They were under the impression thit they had to remain outside the square, and wait patiently until they were all killed. As they were retiring the pursuing Zulus tried to afford consolation by shouting after them a few cheer ful remarks. ' Gallop on,' sang out Cety wayo's confident warriors, ' but we will over take you. We are going to kill every one of those red men. Perhaps some of you wild men may escape. But go quick, for we will chase you over the Buffalo.' The Baeutos retreated sullenly. They thought it would be more exciting to die fighting than when flying, but when they drew near the glittering line of bayonet* and saw the veteran 13 th open a way for them to enter into the square they saw that they were not to be aimlessly sacrificed. When they had dismounted they asked the soldiers what they had to do. 'Eat your biscuits, Johnny, and lie down,' was the reply, and the Baeutos, as they afterwards said, were struck with admiration at the bravory of the British soldiers who could form a laager of their own bodies for the protection of others. Thuy did not think much of the Boldiera before, but then they saw what they could do. A few tninutos after the Lancers swept out from the left corner of the rear, the Basutots dashed out at the right corner of the front, and were greeted with ring ing cheers from the 13th and 80th aa they rushed onwards. It seems incredible, but those one hundred men chased half of the Zulu army past Ulundi. The Basutos took time prisoners, a wonderful instance of magnanimity. Those were the only prisoners taken. During the chase one of the Basutos shot a Zulu in the leg, and then interviewed the wounded man with all the thirst for news which distinguishes a New York reporter. It was a singular time, and a danger ous spot, in which to interview a man, especially a wounded man, but the questioner went to work seriously, and got all the news of the week. Then he gently asked the Zulu if he had got nothing more to tell, and on being assured that there was no more information to be had, he quietly shot the man, mounted his horse, and joined again in the chase. If this was cruel—and deeds which appear cruel in times of peace are regarded in a totally different light in times of war—then there was much cruelty that day, for every wounded man was killed." Tftk simplicity of the French President's mode of life is troubling those who believe that a cer tain amount of ostentatious display is necessary in a ruler to Becure the respect of the masses. M. Grevy is so genuinely republican that since his promotion to the Presidency of the Republic he has in no respect altered his ways of life. He dresses as he always did, avoids uniforms, his servants wear no liveries, he takes his chance of a seat in a train like any other citizen, buys his ticket and his newspaper himself, and in short comports himself like any ordinary unpretending squire. The London Standard, while admiring M. Grevy's simplicity of character, thinks bis modest frugality a mistake, because the multi tude like to Bee visible proof of wealth in high places. On this theme the Spectator has an article entitled, "Is Wealth a Help to Popu larity ?" and decides the question in the nega tive. In the case of governing persons we rather agree with the Standard than the Spectator, though the latter paper makes a good case, and gives some pertinent modern instances. " The poor (says the Spectator)— and the body of all populations are poor in their own eyeg— exaggerate the separating influence of wealth, and even when they are not envious of the things it will buy, believe in its hardening effect upon tho Hynj[Mthit.v<. So strongly i* this impulse felt in tho United State.", that wealth is hold to bo a drawback in a candidate fur tho Presidency by acute wire-puller*, and that Lincoln, then a ' lawyer, wn« described everywhere by his friends, during his election, on a rail-splitter, hi* former occupation being rightly regarded an much more likely to attract. And when he had become such a favorite of the people that a third term of the Presidency seemed for him a possibility, stories of his rough simplicity of manners were as popular as stories showing his readiness in re partee. No anecdote did him more good than that of his stepping in nn an old friend un invited one day, and explaining, ' With Mrs. Lincoln away, I'm kinder browsin.' Old ' Tip pecanoe,' Oeneral Harrisou, was elected because of bis roughness; aud Horace Qreeley's b«*t hope lay in the farmer-like simplicity of his home-life, whioh his admirers were never tired of describing. It may be said that this feeling was specially American, and peculiar to a rural democracy ; but France, in the last resort, is governed by a rural democracy too; and in England, where everyone has power ex cept the rural democracy, the charm of simplicity ia just as powerfully felt. George HI. beat the Whig oligarchs, with all their splendor, as ' Farmer George,' who ate mutton and turnips for dinner ; and Pitt, who never had a penny, had far more of the confidence of the people than any duke. George IV., most expensive of mankind, was loathed. Nor is there the slightest evidence that the public taste has changed since George 111. The two public men of our day with moßt influence over the people—Mr. Gladstone and Lord Beaconafield—are both comparatively poor men, leading simple lives, and utterly care less of that' visible opulence' which iB supposed ao greatly to imprest the multitude. The Queen keeps le?8 state than half her nobles, and what little she does keep is not visible, and she is reverenced, by comparison with her Hanoverian predecessors, to adoration. In France, neither M. Grdvy's nor M. Gambetta's plainness of life has in the least checked his rise; nor did the body of the people care one straw whether M. Thiers was or was not a rich man." It is a tolerably common practice with devout zealots in India to make a pilgrimage to some distant shrine measuring their length along the few hundred miles of road they have to traverse. Men who have accomplished a journey of perhaps a thousand miles in this laborious fashion are ever after revered as holy in their native villages. Religious zeal prompts men to strange efforts, yet we doubt if the wild desire to earn a high place in the world beyond the grave by mortifying the flesh and sacrificing all the comfort of this life, ever induced men to undertake more arduous tasks than does the present craze for athletics. 8t Simeon Stylitee pasted forty years perched upon a column, his head alternately hoar with the rime of winter frosta, or blazed upon by the heats of summer, but we doubt if there fa more discomfort in sitting upon a column, fed by aa admiring multitude, than might be found in wheeling a wheelbarrow across the Sierra Nevada and the Rocky Moun tains. This last feat has just been performed in a contest for $1500. A number of gentlemen in San Francisco offered this sum as a prize for the man who made the best time across the Con tinent with a wheelbarrow in front of him. We take the following account of the race from the European Mail: —" M. Fedemeyer and Mr. Potter engaged in this novel race. They started together from San Francisco in December last, but separated at Battle Mountain, Nevada. Where Potter ia now fa known only to himself. Fedameyer has won the race. The route which he took in order to avoid ferries fa about 4500 miles, and was principally along the line of the railroad. When Fedemeyer and Fuller left San Francisco the sun was shining brightly, the air was warm, and flowers were blooming. They soon left all this beauty behind them. When they reached the Sierras they began to realise what a winter in the mountains really means. In the wheelbarrow, which is covered over, were carried a tent for camping purposes, and such provisions as the pedestrians thought they would need before reaching the next settlement. Fuller carried a gun, with which he intended to secure food should the provisions in the wheel barrow give out. The only provisions which this gun furnished were seven small birds at a time when the two men were nearly starved. In travelling from Carlin to Moline, Nevada, Fedemeyer's feet were frozen. The thermometer at this time registered 20° below zero. The trip through Nevada, Wyoming, and Utah was made during the winter, and both Fedemeyer and Fuller underwent extreme hardships. Provisions were scarce, and one time they were obliged to travel 100 miles before they could get anything to eat. Plenty of antelopes showed themselves upon the plains, and plenty of shot were sent to meet them, but the antelopes and the shot did not seem to come together, and the result was that Fedemeyer and Fuller often went hungry with any amount of game in sight of them. In going from Laramie to Cheyenne the two men abandoned the railroad and took to the Black Hills. A terrible snowstorm Bet in, and they lost their reckoning. Finally, after wandering aim lessly about for several hours, they stumbled upon an old log cabin, which was occupied by a Swede, and he took them in and made them comfortable for the night The trip occupied 228 days." What a delightful account we get (writes the Argut' purveyor of "London Gossip") of the capture of Cetywayo I The attempt to arrest that fat and ugly savage—who would have fetched perhaps $50 in the open slave market on the most favorable day for "operation?"—with regal attributes is perfectly charming. Major Marter tells him to " come out of that" (the kraal) " and surrender." But the king feared, and said (the style you observe is almost bibli cal), "No, you come unto me;" but Marter was inflexible, and the king (the other martyr) creeping out, stood up among the dragoons with stately composure." Mark the sudden change from being in a blue funk and on alt fours to this magnificent attitude. " A dragoon sought to lay hands upon him " (here we have the biblical style again), " but he moved the man back disdainfully, saying,' White man, let me be.' He then asked to be shot." My im pression is that our delight in persons of title will cause King Cetywayo to pose a good deaL He has, I note, already had the sagacity to ' treat the native contingent conteiuptuounly." We hava Been something lately of the ill-feeling that may be stirred up by the services of the faithful, but we trust the zeal of our ministers may never lead to such extremity of clerical war fare as is reported from Brooklyn. We take the following from the Pall Mall: —" A painful scene occurred the other day at the Antioch Baptist Church, at Brooklyn, in the United States. In consequence of au uufortunate division in its negro congregation, the church has two pastors. The ' Rev. Sanders' leads one factioa and the ' Rev. Treadwell' is at the head of the other. A lawsuit is in progress between the two sets of trustees as to the possession of the house of worship and until a few Sundays ago the reli gious services were conducted by the pastor whose agility enabled him to take possession of the pulpit first. The race between the two pastors, although considered somewhat unseemly, was looked upon as a necessity, and it was not anticipated that any disturbance would arise, the losing pastor, as a rule, bearing his defeat, if not with com placency, at least in a manly spirit, and showing no outward sign of irritation. Matters, how ever, came to a crisis on August 10, when com munion was to be observed, and, to the anxiety of all present, the race resulted in a 'dead heat' —the two reverend gentlemen arriving at the church simultaneously. A controversy immedi ately arose, causing great excitement. A stal wart sister struck an opposition brother, knock* ing him down and making his nose bleed. Then ensued a fierce fight, in which the two pastors and most of their followers joined. The ' Rev. Sanders' party drove the 'Rev. Treadwell' party out; but the latter, returning with rein forcement*, ' whipped their enemies soundly,' and divine service was performed without fur ther interruption." THq writer of " London Gossip " in the Mel bourne Argu» says :—" If the ghost of 'F. M.,' as the old Duke used familiarly to be called, could revieit the glimpses of the moon, I can fancy nothing so likely to annoy him as the manner in which the officers of the British army, from Chelmsford to Carey, have bnen taking to the platform and appealing for sympathy to the public In a smaller way of business than the slaughter of an 'impi' of Zulus, a man does not, when his honor has been impugned, begin stump ing the country to disprove the imputation. He often to his detractors a dignified silence, and leaves the world to judge between him and them. And this should, above all things, be the case with men high in authority who have to answer for their conduct to their country ; they should treat anonymous assailants as though they had no existence. That a soldier should plead his own cause before the public, andmakeapologiesfor his mistakes in the field, is an unheard of departure from disoipllne, and in the case of the humbler members of his calling would at once provoke censure from his superiors. The seamen at Portsmouth were forbidden to meet together for the purpose even of saying that they didn't like the cat-o'-nine tails. But what is blasphemy in the private is in Lord Chelmsford but a cholerio word. And bis lordship has been very choleric Nothing could be weaker than his tirade against the special correspondents in Zulu land, and nothing more triumphant than Mr. Archibald Forbes' defence of them. But what shows the recalled commander's feebleness and want of judgment more than even bis profes sional blunders is his testy and illogical volunteer defence. In the old Duke of Wellington's time he would never have ventured upon it; but the present Commander-in-Chief is 'of the stump, stumpy' himself, and has, besides, a tenderness for lords." The letter of Dr. Arthur Casar, making known the horrors of a Russian transport steamer freighted with Nihilists for Sagbalien, has attracted the attention of the Russia* Govern ment, who arc anxious to clear themselves before Europe of the atrocious barbarity imputed to them. A Russian official statement has been made that only one death occurred during the voyage of this steamer. It is unfortunately notorious that veracity is the last quality to be looked for in a Russian official statement. Con cerning this voyage the Pail Mall Gazette says : —" It is true that it is rather hot in the Red Sea during the month of July, but then Russians are accustomed to heat; true also that there can have been but little air with the hatches battened down ovtr 600 or 700 people, but then Russians do not want much air. Mr. Caesar says that he saw the vessel at Port Said. The thermometer was then 102° iv the shade. The Nihilists were never allowed up on deck for any purpose, and special arrangements were made to obviate the necessity of giving them a breath of fresh air on deck. He saw them pushing one another's pale faces away from the narrow port-holes to which they crowded. In short, every precaution was taken to secure as large a mortality as possible on the voyage ; and in the opinion of this observer, as of every other inde pendent man who has heard of the conditions under which these untried political offenders were shipped, ' a vast number of the prisoners would die ere they reached their destination.' No slaver in the old days could have afforded to run the risk of the survival of ho few ; for the trip could not possibly have paid. Whenever an opportunity offered, the negroes were at least compelled to dance on deck." The Manchester Guardian says the following letter, dated Rochdale, August 16, from Mr. Bright to a gentleman in New York is now pub lished with the writer's consent:—" Sir, —The policy of the Canadian Government seems to me injurious to the inhabitants of the Dominion, and, if persisted in, will be fatal to its connection with the mother-country. To shut out the manufacturer of England is bad enough, but, at the same time, to seek to borrow money from her on a guarantee for a loan is a scheme and a policy so impudent that it cannot succeed. The great railway project of Canada can only add to the debt of Canada, and this can only cause heavier taxes, and will be made the excuse for still higher protective duties on imports ; so that England's generous, but foolish, help to the colony, if further given, will tend directly to cripple the trade between them. I believe the present policy of the Canadian Government is iv dieting a wound on the uuion between the colony and England from which, if it be nut speedily reverse^, great changes must wuie," 