'''ABERRATIONS OF EMINENT MINDS. Till? February number of Catholic Progress leads off with a paper entitled “ Aberrations of Eminent Minds Outside the Church,” which, apart from the initials, reads to us like one of the thoughtful and suggestive lucubrations of Father Anderdon, S.J. We are tempted to quote it, and our readers, we doubt not, will thank us for doing so :— The Church is the healer of nations, the restorer, guide, preserver of individual souls. They who are fed in her pastures are the sub jects of a wise and watchful care, the ten dency of which is to keep them from dete riorating, to make the best of what they are, and raise them higher still. Her manifold in fluences of good do not, indeed, avail to make all her children either saints or sages. Those influences are counterworked by the world, the flesh, and the devil ; by indolence, pride, sensuality, and human fear. But of the least worthy who belong to the faith it may be said, “ What would he have been if an alien from it ?” And of the worthiest and best of those outside it may be said, Cum falls sis, utinam. noster esses. Not only in the desire of acquisition, but in sincere compassion for him whom we would acquire, wo say—“ Being such as you are, remaining there out in the cold, what would you have been had you been wanned at our hearth, taught and nourished at our table ?” We are not now about to institute a com parison between nations as Catholic or the reverse. Our business is with individual life and character. Out of the mass of eminent men, who owo no thanks to the step-mother, the false Protestantism that trained them so ill, we are going to select two or three for speculation. From first to last it is with a feeling of charity and of longing regret that they will be subjected to the lens of the microscope. With a sense, beside, that even as a cat may look at a king, so the 1 esser man may criticise while he looks up at the greater, and the pigmy pen a dissertation on the colossus. To begin with perhaps the greatest non Catholic in the eighteenth century, until some hypercritical objector confronts us with a greater than he—Samuel Johnson. Here you have a Triton among the minnows ; a man who has loft his mark, that will last until English literary traditions have sunk into a vague and half- forgotten past. John son was pre-eminently a real man. Surrounded by ephemeral wits and tritiers, members of the “ Club,” of which he was the central uminary, they the nebulous satellites, every sentence of his ponderous diction, sits upon the intellect of the reader with an in trinsic weight and worth that makes itself felt as a something worthy, a something real. Narrow- minded in several aspects, the victim of a false tradition, a kind of pos thumous child of the effete nonjuring school of thought, he was, notwithstanding, every inch a man ; a sterling, true-hearted, right principled—indeed, a most overpowering man. No doubt., a respectful distance is the true perspective from which to regard him. He lives plesantly enough in the pages of his myrmidon and worshipper, Boswell. In ac tual life, in the concrete drawing-room, John son would have been intolerable. Wo would as soon have taken tea with a “ grisly” from the Rocky Mountains. His overbearing dog matism in our present realistic age would have been simply impossible, and we shoujd have seen him black-balled at every modfbn club, and turned away from the door of every family dinner or small tea part}', as he was turned away from the door of the polite and fastidious Chesterfield. But these were the flaws, the depreciating veins, in a block of firm, if not fine marble. It was easy to say that Johnson wasrin per sonal character gloomy, hypochondriacal, tending to be minvtfous in his religion. It is easy to say that in his intercourse with society he was rude, overhearing, dogmatic, pugna cious, narrow, and by times uncharitable. But it is also easy to say that the height of the pyramids is not so great as that of Prim rose Hill. We must estimate men, not only nor chiefly by their abstract Helve*, but by their surroundings, their relative standard, their opportunities, and the atmosphere of public opinion in which they lived. If the builders of the pyramids could have trans ferred their work to Pelion or Lebanon, it would have cut clear against the mountain sky like a glacier peak of the Jungfrau. Wo marvel at their actual work because it rises, solemn and dominant, from the sandy plain. If Johnson hud been gifted with the privilege of the faith and a Catholic training, no one who knows his life need have been surprised at bis canonisation. The valleys of his char actor would have been filled, the mountains and hills brought low, and, above all, the rough places would have been smoothed into gentler acclivities. We marvel at lain because, being of Grub-strret and Bolt-court, of the club and the coteries, the companion of Gold smith, and Garrick, and Savage, and Topham Beauclere, he was all that Boswell and his own letters show him to have been. What “ Teachings and graspings,” to use Burko’s expression, after that truth which (as far as we can see) he never attained, and that Church, separate from whose outward body he died! They break out from him on every occasion that could fairly elicit them. And a.s the spread of the oak branches indicates a commensurate spread of the roots below, and the elevation and angle of twin mountains rising abave a lake show the depth at which their base coalesce beneath the surface, so these utterances of Johnson on Catholic truths betray deep, perhaps habitual, move ments of soul that have left no further record, save to the ken of the All-seeing. The man who could answer promptly to a superficial objection : — “ Sir, there is no idolatry in the Mass ; Catholics believe God to be present, and they adore Him,” may have definitely outgrown, before his probation closed, the administration of Communion as ordered by King James, and the “forty stripes save one.” He who could say “I desire to pray for my dear deceased wife Letty, if it will do her any good,” may have learnt in his last moments, with Topham Beauclere standing at the foot of his death bed, that “it is a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that they may be loosed from tlieir sins.” In Ills view of the awfulness of death and personal responsi bility after death, which bis shallower friends were ready to pronounce a timid superstition, in his sense of the nearness and agency of the spiritual world, which they might have classed with going to see the Cock Lane Ghost; Johnson stands out before us as a kind of lay apostle of eternal things, a wit ness against the sneers and empty flutter of a dwarfish as well as incredulous race of men. The tyrannous grasp of the heresy he was bred in must be held accountable for the im perfections of the preacher and moralist him self. Macaulay, in an acute passage, winch eludes our search at the moment, summarises the strength and weakness of this great man, somewhat in the fashion of Dr. Whately, who used to say of Keble that he was “ an eagle under a lien-coop.” The hen-coop, in Johnson’s case was his narrow-minded and bigoted Tory-Anglicanism, under which the fierce struggles of the captive to rise to his more congenial element are pitiable indeed to those who can understand them. Macauley could not, and there is an ignoratio elenchi about his description of this colossus, whose head was of gold, while his “ feet and toes were of iron, mixed with miry clay,” which only ranks the critic in one category with the subject of his criticism. Both arc instances, though in very different degrees, of the distortion of mind and character from the absence of the Church’s teaching. But if. we substitute other terms to | correct and fill his meaning from the true stand-point, there is accuracy as well as brilliancy in Macaulay’s words—“The peculi arity of his intellect was the union of great powers with low prejudices. If we judged of liim by the best parte of his mind, we should place him almost as high as he was placed by the idolatry of Boswell; if we judged of him by the worst parts of his mind we should place him even below Boswell himself. If, while he was heating' down sophisms and ! exposing false testimony, some childish pre iudices, such as would excite laughter in a well-managed nursery, came across him, he was smitten as if by enchantment. His mind dwindled away under the spell from gigantic elevation to dwarfish littleness. Those who had lately been admiring its amplitude and its force were now as much astonished at its strange narrowness and feebleness as the fisherman in tho Arabian tale, when he saw tlio Genie, whoso stature had overshadowed the whole sea-coast contract himself to tho di mensions of his small prison.” Yes ; but the narrow cell was tho hereditary bondage by Johnson and Macaulay were both pledged to deny, more or loss explicitly, “ the breadth, and length, and height, and depth tho fulness of God,” the amplitude and perfect, orb of Divine revelation, “the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ.” 