TBE TERRIBLE TEAB—JSSl. Tim Btnri (7aaoa, Tth March, says :— Pro- fessor Norton, of the State Normal School, San Francisco, lectured before tbe Saeraasento County Teachers' insbtete bat night, anon the very jartrasting subject of 'TheSaetary Conjunction of 1881.*' The prediction of ianctioa of aeady all the great planets. brought again to the surface the old prophecy ofKotbsrShiiSts^aadaseoreof other birds of fl! omen, who, backed by the recent ap pearance of the plague, have predicted the most awful state of aflaux to be maagurated m 1881, and to continue tul 1887, during which jearbd epifeurics shall prevail, crime sad awful pertarbataoa, floods overwhelm, earthquakes destroy, vokanoos bant, forth, the earth open and swaSsw up towns, tcraa dofls nwiry rouad the world, and aH waters re«litv to work more dfunlatinn and ruin in all the earth. lately in this Sate a so-called Professor has issued a book in which he has prophesied, from a. caljanction of neptnne, Sattmu, sinpasri toe Earth, um Macs, that Cbere shall occur all tbe foregoing recdo^tud a handled other wws fall span the earth, and that the devilry and destruc tion is to begin in ifiSl. Professor Norton, howevta-, does not believe these tilings, and his lectmre was intended to show -*be reason .or his faith. He illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown nson the wall by ?»??-*»-« of a, magic lantern. He began by saying that we ^e'worid is ever looking iwefewXd to the good old time, or forward to tie good time coming. Somdiow *h*- forward outlook is never aim and ckmdkss. It is abo aitartJ that men should look to pivotal events in natron* snefa w tbe complctio&of; TwtnuKfTiifi*^ cydes, as being likely to involve great crises in fanman afiatrs. The remarkable planetary apposition of the year 1881 has especially txon. jjte lecturer here read exit acts from a recently r-«iJw»l r-mphu* entitled 'The Voice of the Stare,' which foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the years 1880 and 1887, '*^'*^™g **»« ?-««itin^- tion of the Chinese race and the death of 15,600,000 Americans from the plagnf; terrible sfaanns, -earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, r, ?*? ? Ac He also cave a brief synopsis of Fiazzi Smith's 'Pyramid Be ligkm,' and quoted from the orackes of M other Shipton, all three substantially agreeing that ? JnlSSl He said that the prophesy of die old woman seemed to stm have vitafity, although the publisher of the 'Shipton Almanac' has openly confessed that be added tbe lines above quoted in order to give tie boot abuse sale. The question before us is, can there beany residnl troth behind all this superstition asd nonsense; Tbe lecturer presented Professor; Debtrue- theory of the relation of planetary conjunctions to ami spots ; showed diagrams snn and moon npon oceanic tides, sad the alleged cotieapoudmg effect of planetary con|anctiaDB upon the atmosphere ai the son. He then exhibited a diagram showing the positron of the planets October 31, 1SS1 ; aS thelarge planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in m. attaint bne passing through tbe centre of the aw. It is alleged that a aoatt aspect of the planets will not occur for many thousand yean. If it as possible for the m**mg-A planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be manifested. Nevertheless, tbe planets are enormously distant. Tbeir attractive force varies inversely as tbe square of tbe ?**?»'»— It is hardly conceivable that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as the fore told disaster. Tbe only renaming theory is that of a hypothetical electric inter-action between tzte sun and planets. Thisisbutthe ghost of a theory, having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. Tbe lecturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coinciaence in times between such eonjimctioDS and atmospheric J»'i fi- nances, uvLere the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and 4hen read the following letter from Professor Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astrono 'H. B. Norton.— Dear Sr— Tout note of anquny as received. I answer briefly as follows .-—First— Your enclosed diagram (of the conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second— It is true that the planets win be somewhat nearer their perihelia than is ssnal at sscb Bebocentric *—-j''^ !««? Third— There is no good reason for emtcUng re aambabie disturbances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of sneh planetary position. Professor Defame thought that he had discovered a relation between them and asm spots, but latest researches fail to snbstanXHCe the Umay. Scientific astro nomers consiaer the new gospel of Fiaza Smith and Mother Shipton as bemg about equivalent to that of Mother Goose. —Youra very truly, Chaexzs A- Yoo=G .' Sumasaag up the evidence. Professor Nor ton said: 'We are justified in concluding ^-f gjpafp has thus far given as ao definite Nevertheless, if public 4 m iu mml shall cause saen to cleanse their sewers and mend then Eves, we may be thankful for the 'voice from tae tombs' uttered by Fiazzi Smith and the woeful forecast attributed to Mother Sriptam.' ? 