A' HITCH SOMEWHERE. ft ! (' Virginia City Paper.') A young artist of tbis city, who wns ' favorably mentioned ' at the Inst art exhibi tion, read with much gratification the clever little atory that has been going tbe rounds of the newspapers of late regarding another famous painter — Landseer. It seems that a few years before the latter's death he went to a London bank to hove a cheque cnshed. The teller required the great animal painter to identify himself before the money could be paid. ' As the artist knew no .. one, in that part of London, the situation was an annoying one. Suddonly an idea occurred to him. ' Ton have seen engravings of Latid eeer's works ? ' he inquired. ' Why, of course,' replied the teller; 'I have his Friends ' in my own parlor.' Land seer'' seized &' bit of blotting-paper and a -pencil, and with a few hurried lines reproduced the famous trio of horse-beads. Without another word tbe money wa9 paid over. Our native painter, whom we will call Daubney, as that is not his name, was very much struck by this anecdote, and so the next day he thought he would ascertain if true geniuB obtained the same instant recognition in this country as in the old. Arming himself with a cheque on the. Nevada Bank for 1000 dollars, he proceeded to that institution, and presented the same. ' But I don't know yon, air,' at once replied the teller. ' Have you ever been through the rooms of the Art Asso ciation J ' ' Certainly.' ' Very well, then,' replied D., drawing off Mb gloveB like the Czar of Russia after Plevna, 'just hand me a bit of blotting-paper and a pencil.' In a few moments be banded tha paper back to the teller. ' There, sir, do you see tbat 1 ' ' Yes, ? I'do. What of it?' ' What does it remind you.of 1' and the landscape man smiled affably . upon the crowd of clerks that had by this time collected. ' It looks like a section of a hair-mattrass,' said the bank official. ' Blood and ochre, man 1 that's a rough copy of The Fetaluma Foothills,' and my name is — Daub- ney.' 'Don't care if it's Judnslscariot ; ynu haven't any money in this bank.' ' Why, did — did — L-l-andseer have any in that bank?' gasped the astonished young man. ' What are you giving us 1 ' growled the teller « Do you know I've a mind to hand you over to tbe police.' 'I guess the poor devil is only a little crazy,' said a kind-hearted book keeper, looking np from his ledger. ' Better just have the porter fire him oat.' When ' Daubney reached the sidewalk, and got his coat collar smoothed straight again, he came to the conclusion that either aesthetic art hadn't the ghost of a show in this community, or else there was something in tbat Landseer story that he hadn't quite got tbe hang of after all. 