I A Prisoner Shot by a Policeman. (iron» (Se Dubbo Biapatch, July i.) On Tuesday last, à ¿sensational event oc-1 curred near Coonamble.? A man named James Montgomery, then on t>ail for horsestealing, was being escorted to¡ Coonamble, by Con- stable Brown, of Burban, wlio had arrested him on a charge of stealing a saddle, bridle, and breastplate, the prcjrperty of James Hum- phries, a resident of ? Cullengoan, on the Castlereagh. The prolecutor (Humphries') accompanied the constable and his prisoner. Montgomery went quieply with his escort till within about two mile» of Coonamble, when Brown, seeing it was geftting dark, and natur- ally wishing to roach tis destination before nightfall, suggested th|t they should canter the remainder of the journey. This was ac- quiesced in by Montgomery and Humphries. After a short distance had been travelled, Montgomery pulled up^his horse, and said to Brown, " I want to have a chat with you." The constable replied-i-" Oh we must push on; it's time enough tokchat in Coonamble.'' The prisoner then turned round, and said, " Now, I've got you twi> together you can get me out of this." Brown answered, " How can we get you out of "it ?" and prisoner re- marked, " Oh, you needn't say anything about what I told you" (referring to a con- versation at the time j of his arrest). The constable said-" What about swearing the truth and the whole* truth," and Mont- gomery replied, " Oh>-- the truth." Brown (who was not at this time at all frightened that his rnan would attempt to escape) indignantly jaid, "I would not swear a lie, or run thif risk of getting two years to get the best nmn in the colony out of a six months' imprisonment." The con- versation for a momfent ceased. Shortly afterwards Montgomery, who was riding on Brown's left, Humphries being on his Tight, said to the trooper, "*Then you won't swear that for me," and the- answer was " No, I'll tell the truth ; I won't swear to get you out of it or get you into-it." The words had scarcely been uttered when he was struck twice on the back of the neck by the prisoner with a stick, who said as he delivered the blows - " Then, take that, you-. Brown, who was taken unawares, was stun- ned for a moment by the unlooked-for at- tack-so much so, that he nearly fell out of his saddle. As $ soon as Montgomery struck Brown he galloped into the scrub. Brown in a few momeits recovered his con- sciousness, and saw about 130 yards off pri- soner and his horse on the ground, both in the act of rising. - The horse, it appeared afterwards, had, while galloping, put his fore J feet into a hole and fell down. Brown, when he saw the prisoner in this plight, rushed up to him, and, covering hitn with his revolver, called upon him to stand, at the same time ordering Humphries to catch Montgomery's horse. Ile did so, and was next told by Brown (who had prisoner Btill covered with the revolver) to put the handcuffs on Mont- gomery. As soon as the prisoner heard the purport of the order, he swore he would not allow himself to be handcuffed, and that lie would kill the pair of them if they attempted to do so. Humphries naturally was frigh- tened to approach him, as he fully believed prisoner, being then a desperate man, would attempt to carry his violent threats into exe- cution. Noticing Humphries' indecision, Montgomery turned to Brown and said, " Let me get on the horse, and I'll go quietly with you to Coonamble. I came with you quietly all day and I'll go the rest of the way with you quietly, but I won't have the handcuffs on." Brown replied, " Well, got on your horse, and give me none of your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll shoot you." Prisoner then mounted his horse, Brown returned his revolver to his holster, and, as he did so, Montgomery immediately gallopped off towards the Castlereagh. The trooper (who had the handcuffs in his hands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out, " Catch mo now, you-, if you can." Brown drew his revolver and went in pursuit, calling on prisoner to stand or he would certainly shoot him. The escapee took no notice, beyond turning round in his saddle, and laughing at the policeman. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Montgomery-to show that his threats were not empty ones-fired two shots over his head ; but they had no effect on the prisoner, who continued Btill to gallop away. He went down the bank of the Castlereagh, followed by Brown. The trooper's horse here ran him against a tree and Knocked him out of the saddle. Brown jumped to his feet immediately, and again called on the prisoner to stand, but no notice was taken of the order. The policeman then, seeing his man was likely to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out, " Oh ! Holy Ghost, you shot me," but he did not seem to the trooper as if he had been struck. Brown now mounted his horse, and resumed the pursuit, calling on the prisoner to stand, and again firing over his head, in the hope that fear would induce him to sur- render. ^ Montgomery, however, was not to be intimidated-he continued his course, sing- ing out as the shot was fired, " That's two, now catch me, you wretch, if you can." Brown finding there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second timo took aim, and fired. Montgomery, as he did so, yelled out, " That's three," pulled up his horse and dis- mounted. Brown rode up to him, and, not thinking he was hit-for in the dusk it was impossible to seo if his shots had taken effect -he again called upon him to surrender, and Montgomery said, " I've had enough, you have shot me three times. I'm killed-I'm killed !" He then stepped away a pace from his horse, and fell backwards down the bank. The constable got off his horse, lifted the man's head up the bank of the stream, got some water, bathed his face, and told Humphries (who about this time re- joined him) to ride in hastily to Coonamble for a doctor and a spring cart, as he believed prisoner was dying. Humphries went as de- sired, and Montgomery, who never spoke again, continued to breathe for about ten minutes, and then expired. The body was taken to Coonamble, and next day a Coroner's Inquest was held before Mr. R. Bailey, Dis- trict Coroner, and a jury of twelve. After a lengthened investigation, when the facts as above set out were adduced, the jury returned the following verdict-" We find that the de- ceased James Montgomery came to his death by bullet wounds, occasioned by shots fired by Constable Brown while in the discharge of his duty-the said James Montgomery being then his prisoner and attempting to escape. And we find such shooting to be justifiable ho- micide. We aro further of opinion that the po- lice ought to take greater precautions in at once handcuffing prisoners, before travelling with . -e _.. them." Regarding the latter part of the jury's verdict, Constable Brown bad, previous to his starting with his prisoner in the morn- ing, handcuffed him ; but Montgomery piti- fully begged of him to take them off, saying he " would go quietly with him and he needn't be the least afraid of him." Acting on the impulses of his good nature, the constable acceded to the prisoner's request. The de- ceased, we may note, was 35 years of age, an able-bodied active man, 5 ft. 11 in. high. He was a native of the Hawkesbury district. There is now in Dubbo Gaol a prisoner serv- ing a sentence of six months for attempting some time back to effect Montgomery's es- cape from the Coonamble Gaol. 