Our Brisbane Letter' (From oca own Correspondent.) Brisbane. December 21. Mr. McLean, the newly-fledged Minister for Lands , i quite hurt at Mr. Fryer's conduct in not allowing him to walk orer for the Logan. He tells Mr. F. in effect that his conduct is quite unprecedented. The ex Miuistor for Lands retorl&on; the Minister in esst that ho is doing, nothing out of tbe way, and points to many iustanccs of many Aftaisteni . being opposed when recking re-election. Moreover, ho hints that he . - ..nite a useful thing in getting up a little healthy S,iion aa the British Constitutional idea is thereby alivo'and flourishing, which would not be the caao fpt t0 1,0 taken for granted that any member taking ,CIC coold do so as a matter of course, without a fow 'nations to his constituents, and Mr. Frynr is 'hi therocau.bo little doubt about that. How- f I fancy there is next to no doubt aa to Mr. Tlian's re-election, although he will be pretty close bv Mr. Frysr, wbo has done more practical good n important part of tho district than ever Mr. J has. Mr. Fryar was formerly ono of the tners of the Logunholmo Sugar Plantation and 8aw- lla where he employed, uoliko other augar plantere, Dl , _ tut whitd labour. Ho and his partner were ? means, too, of a good deal of land on tho Logan I ,!pR satisfactorily settled, and all theso things will m be remembered to Mr. Fryar's advantage. It appears a settled thing that Mr. King is again to )C shaker in tho Assembly. It was at first thought li3t tbis gcutleman bad made up his mind to take a ore active part nc4t Besslon in tho affairs of Parlia ment than bo could do while seated In his arm-chair, ut he Bccms to havo derided to rule the roost again. Both panics in the Uouao havo agreed that ho is the filtcst man for tho position, so tiiat his election is regarded as ft foregone conclusion. Everybody will be pleased with the appointment. fa I think I told yon, tho Fassifcrn election was about the liveliest of the whole lot in the General Election. Many of tho electors got themselves into a lively state of excitement ''bver it, and sacrificed both time and money for their pcta. There ia still a good deal of bitterness remaining behind, and old friends flD(j good neighbours eye each other with bloodthirsty \- jjS. People say"tbat the Hon. George would have .-1 a bctterhance had not his brother John been so rerj lavinl bio promises. lit, wtahlishcd himself as 5 ffjj0t.3.tle dealer in promises, and put his goods in in fUJv profusion that ho glutted the market completely, jx promised anything and everything We are now enjoying the calm before the storm. Tilings appear quite tame without an election going on iHncwbere in'our neighbourhood. Howevor, wo shall Uvc politics- enough aud to spare when the House wects, which it is supposed to do on tbe 14th of next nooth. Already there are a good many of tho elect in to«n, and a few of the rejected too ; amongst the latter being Mr. Macrossao, who can't account for his defeat i'q tbe Kcnocdy. When speaking of the Speakership, I forgot to men tion the Chairmanship of Committees. As regards the Assembly, it appears almost certain that Mr.' De Poix Tyrftl will be put 'forward by the Liberals, and Mr. Groom by tbe other side. 'More uncertainty exists as regards the Upper Bouse, but it ia pretty generally believed that Dr. O'Doherty will be put in by the Liberals, sod Mr. Prior by tbe others. I don't hear anything about Mr. Roberts just now, but I fancy be will make a struggle to retain bis chairmanship.' It roust be admitted that he was not tke best possible tenant for tbe chair. Mr. Heussler was" 'mentioned a short time back as a probable candidate, bat he is not spoken of now. The strike still continues, but according to last accounts from Sydoey a sincere effort, as it ia called, is being made to bring about a settlement between tbe Apposing forces, and if the effort docs not succeed, the natter in dispute is to be referred to Sir Johu Robert- ton and Sir John Ray, and the two Sir Johns are to heal the wound. Their. decisioa is to he final. Let us hope that this lost attempt will prove successful, for not only docs the strike causo an immense deal of Iobs and inconvenience, but it creates a very bad spirit of antagonism amongst the community. There is a good deal of intiraidatiou being indulged in here by tbo men in strike, the shipping office being tho general gather- ng point. Two mon were being smuggled away from he office in a boat after signing articles the other day, »hen one of them was struck oh the head by an iron but thrown either from the shore or from tho Uroper dredge. Thla sort of cowardly work does tbo een oa striko an infinity of barm, as it withdraws lympatlij from them and consequently money aid. Ihe Postmaster-General has given the A.S.N. Com pany a first warning. He has told tbo manager here tint if tho company cannot guarantee tnore regularity, )ad an abstention from the employmont of Chinese riJws on Queensland coasting steamers, the subsidy rill he withdrawn. This subsidy, however, is so small (£7,000), considering the work done, that I do lot fancy the company will attach vory great im- stance to the threat. We are, after all, going to enjoy onr Christmas letter than we thought we should. Things have taken a decided turn for tho better, and the recent fine rains came just in the nick of time to give business a fillip. Everybody is now hopeful of tho future, no matter whether he is pastoralist, agriculturalist, merchant, shopkeeper, or outride public. The shop- Hypers may now be seen actually wearing smiles on nHtheir countenances, a thing to which they have been so 1 Jiltlo given for many months past that it is matter for wonder how they can raise one. The Christmas aspect |j of the drapers' shops is quite io keeping with tho new -oase of joyousncss that has arisen. Well, wo wanted 1 little happlhess, heaven knows. Toowong, as doubtless you know, is a very important p suburb of Brisbane. Its incumbent, tho Rev. Mr. |j Close, is a' most eloquent preacher, and when ho first | vent to the parish, several months back, nobody there ggeottlil make enough of him. . But he is no longer ivtunes favourite— quite tbe reverse. . His flock want 0 get rid of him, and passed a resolution to that effect bo other night at a publio meeting. Mr. Close did lot take adversity in tbo meek and lowly spirit which might bo looked for in a reverend gent. On the con trary, ho was bellicose, and Bont a message to his revolted parishioners in publio hall assembled, that if &ny; of thorn dared to traduce his character he would horsewhip them, and — " then go to tho Bar." This clerical scandal affords good material for gossip in Pocial circles hero. By the way, it is quite amusing to poticc how everybody nowadajB in Brisbane rushes to Bar wbeu he can't make a success in other walks Id life. I fancy that branch of the legal profession lJust lo getting overdone somowhat, 1 On Sunday we are going to mourn for tho Princess pdice, according to proclamation. The death of this Post amiable Princess was heard with great regret pcre. Ono cannot help pitying her poor mother, who, pno would suppose, would hardly bo able to bear up pgunst her most recent bereavement. 1 A Hitch Somewhere. — A young artist this city, who was " favourably mentioned" it the last art exhibition, riad witli much gratification tho clover little story that bos teen going the rounds of tho newspapers of late regarding another famous painter — LiRiulseer." It teems that a fow years before the letter's death he went to a London hank to havo a cheque cashed. Tho teller required die great animal painter to identify himself Before the money could bo paid. As tho Rrtist knew no one in that part of London, the situution was an annoying one. Suddenly 1111 "ls occurred to him "You havo Jeen engravings of Landseer's works 1" ho inquired. " Why, of course," replied the Ucr; "I have his 'Three Friends' in my own parlour." Landsecr seized a bit of Blottingpaper and pencil, and with a few Burned lines reproduced tho famous trio of norse heads. Without another word the money Was paid ovor. Our-painter, whom a Wl11 call Daubnoy, as that is not his name was very much struck by this anecdote, and so tho next day ho thought ho would ascertain if truo genius obtained tho same recognition in this coutry as in tlio old Arming himself with a cheque on thi Navada Bank for 1,000 dolllars, ho proceeded to that institution, and presented the same. "But I don't know you, sir," at onco replied tho toller. " Havo you over been through tho tho rooms of tbo Art Association 1" "Certainly." "Very well, then," replied D., drawing off his gloves like tho Czar of ltussia after Plevna, "just hand mo a hit of blotting- paper and a pencil." In a few moments lie handed the paper back to the teller. "Tlieru sir; do you see that?" "Yes, I do. What of it?/ "What does it remind you of?" und tho painter smiled affably upon tho crowd of clerks that had hy this timo collected. " It looks like a section of a hair mattress, " said the hank official. "Blood and ochre, man ! that's a rough copy of 'Tlio Pctaluma Foot hills,' and my nnmo is — Daubnoy. " "Don't care if it' b Judas Iscariot; you haven't any money in this ball;." "Why, did did L-l- andscer liavo any in that hank?" gasped the astonished young man. "What are you giving ub?" growled tho teller. "Do you know I've a mind to hand you over to tho police." "I guess tlio poor devil is only a' little crazy," Baid a kind-hearted bookkeeper, looking up from his ledger. "Better just liavo tho porter firo him out." When Daubnoy reached tho Bidewalk, and got his coat collar smoothed straight again, ho came to tho con clusion that either mthetic art hadn't the ghost of a show in this community, or else there was something in that Landseer story, that ho hadn't quite got tho hang of after all. Vcrgina City Paper. An English cricketing team left England for Australia by lust mail, (says the Home News). It consists of ten "gentlemen and two professionals, and no doubt a very formidable party might ho thus composed. To the Graces, the Lytteltons, Mr. Steel, and Mr. Appleby, our cricketing honour might safely be entrusted, wliilo such mombers of tho actual eleven as Mr. Webbe, Mr. Hornby, and Lord Harris deserve all confidence. It is plainly impossible, however, for tho best team of gentlemen in England to leavo their usual life for half-a-year at a given moment. Business, study, pleasure, keep many of them in England. Tlius the team which bus just departed takes really no gentlemen howler of any fame except Mr.' Lucas ; and Mr. Lucas attains not unto the rank of Mr. Steel, or even, wo think, of Mr. Evans. The others "have been known to howl," as the discreet compiler of "Lillywhite's Guide" is wont to say. EmmoU and Ulyett cannot bowl for ever, and the comfort to be found is that tho English Eleven will not alwayB bo contending with players quite as good as tho Bannermans and Mr. Spoffurth. Many a time, tho timid patriot may fear they will lose their wickets for scores of no great importance ; for Aus tralia, in Mr. Evans and others, has howlers quite as good as the very steady and brilliant performers who visited us last season. On the fielding, however, of tho English team wo may rely with certainty. Mr. Hornby and Mr- Boyle nre to he beaten by no mortal in that department of the gamo. Mr Wehbo's catches when lie was in tho Harrow and the Oxford Elevens aro yet remembered as ono remembers mnstcrpiccos of ait, onco seen and never forgotten. As to tlio wicket-keeper, liis laurels aro yet yet to win ; hut we presume ho has distinguished himself, though farno says little of him. "Whatever success the Eloven meet with, it ought, cricketers will allow, to ho popular with tlio colonists, and so add in its degree to tho good feeling between the new and the old country. The Australian public knows who our paragons are, and knows that they cannot all leavo home at once. The more it sees of the adventurous players the more it is to like them and make their tour a happy memory. This sort of success is better than a round of unbroken victories, which, after all, no mortal eleven could command among the improved players of tho colony. I was rushing about a week ago through central France (says a correspondent of The World), when accident made me follow- traveller with a Bussian prince, who proved very sociable and communicative, after the manner of his countrymen, not having dis cerned in me any English accent or British proclivities that might otherwise havo checked the flow of pleasant knowledge that he indulged mo with. I soon learnt that my companion was aide-de-camp to the Czar, governor of a Russian province containining three millions of inhabitants, the owner of a colossal fortune, aud animated by a rare hetred of " la perfide Albion," which senti ment, however, he told me, was shared hy every raoujik of his land. What I further discovered was that ho was en, route to pay a visit to Ferdinand do 'Lesscps at this country house of " La Chenaie " in tho Indre, to try and obtain from him his consent to take tho chief direction of a vast scheme of railways that should ho directed from Orenburg towards Pcshawur, so as to lessen tho enormous distances that make it difficult as yet to striko ot tho Indian possessions of tho English Government. What will be De Lessops' answer to my loquacious friends supplications, events ivill tell. 