MR. CHARLES BRIGHT AND FREETHOUGHT. (By a CORRESPONDENT.) Mr. Bright lias again been dealing with sub jects of which he is grossly ignorant, anil by means of shallow arguments and fallacious modes or reasoning lias. been seeking to gull lite so-called free-thinkers who attend his lectures. He has actually turned a theologian, and has been giving a disquisition on snuch an abstruse and delicate doctrine as the Holy Ghost. Now, ns any proofs that can be adduced on this subject must neces sarily be obtained from the Bible, I am sure there are but few even of Mr. Bright's own hearers who care a straw for the opinion he may hold on tHie matter, seeing that he has so often displayed such childlike ignorance of the simplest teachings con- luincn in the sacred volume ; amd yet hte only ob- jection we find Mr. Bright offering to this particular doctrine is that, instead of being termed Hie Holy Ghost, it should be read the Holy Spirit ! But Mr. Bright quite outshone himself as a theologian when he presumed to say that the unpardonable sin must be when a person clings to a belief or faith from which his conscience tells hMm he should de- part ; nad yet to anyone who has heard Mr. Bright latcly the definition must sound rather self-con demnatory, as it is no unusal thing to find him stating at the beginning of a lecture what his con science would lead him to believe, aud long before its close laying down principles diametrically tho opposite. Even in tiiis very instance, where we find him acknowledging the power of this Holy Spirit as leading to truth and righteousness, he is bolioing his oft-repeated denial of Gospel truth. Better far would it lie for him to confess, in a manly and straightforward manner, that tiie existence of this Spirit, which lie says be lias himself experienced, is of itself ail undeniable proof of the truth of biblical writings, than to attempt, in a cowardly and underhand way, to lake it out of the region of evidence by giving to it another name. .So much for his lecture on tiie Holy Ghost. But wo find tlic clerical shoe lias been pinching hint iuanollier direction, and lie lias thought thnt tiie late Christian Convention was de serving of a passing notice. No doubt Mr. Bright considers that, from the crowds which daily ami in the evenings liavo spontaneously been drawn to those meetings, there must be something in the gatherings worthy of attention, nnd accordingly ho devoted last Sunday evening to crilteise their deliberations. He opened bis lecture by offering a lame apology for the position lie himself takes up. He claims to be freer from prejudice than clergy men can possibly be, seeing thnt the latter have been systematically trained for their pro fession, while lie lias been dragged into this lecturing crusade by a " loadstone of truth." This is Mr. Bright's explanation, but as one who is entirely free from the prejudices which may lie supposed to bins either a clergyman or a freethinker, I may lie allowed to say that during his lengthened course of lecturing I have never yet found Mr. Bright treating any subject in an inde pendent spirit, or free from party strife and petty contention. It must be liigbly amus ing to those who know anything of Mr. Bright's early upbringing and latter day training to hear him speaking of his being free from pre judice, and of his being led to his present position by a ' loadstone of truth ; " while the fact is, that he so carefully educated himself in the direction in which we now find him, that nothing on earth could possibly have kept him from drifting into it. Why, I am certain there nre many young men of very ordinary ability, who, if they only gave themselves over, as Mr. Bright has done, to obstinate unbelief and. the ridiculing of the Scrip tures, and look carefully to study atheistic writers for a year or so, 'would find this lecturing. business to bo a paying concern. And yet here is this pugna cious platform prattler complaining last night thnti clergymen and olher reverend gentlemen gain' a livelihood by " putting up petitions to nil unseen power," while lie . himself is all the while earning tiis bread by exciting the passions of his hearers ngaiust these very gentlemen, and engendering strife and contumely among jieuce-loving nnd peace-abiding citizens. For this is really the out come of nil these lectures, aud there has not only been no advance made iu the way of getting nearer to the truth, but Mr. Bright has utterly failed to lay down one sound principle, or arrive at a single rational conclusion, He took especial pains last night to inform his audience that he was bot a materialist, and although he has often openly denied the truths contained in the Bible, he is offended if anyone calls him an infidel ; and so in- order that he might class himself somewhere, he told his hearers that he was guided in his belief and in his life by Spiritualistic influences a certain something, as he termed it, which he could not very well explain, but whiclh he had every reason to belicve would at lain io perfect ion and lie. fully realised iu the future. Alas for tho future.- rFov we all know quite enough of what tiie delusion called " .Spiritualism " is nt the present time to cool our most ardent expectations as to what it is likely to accomplish in the time to come. Thus far then would Mr. Bright and Sydney freethinkers carry us, and here they would leave us to grope our way in the dark, for these spiritua listic sciences of thcir's lose all their efficacy unless they have first extinguished the light. But. thanks lo our better judgment, we prefer to part company here, and to bask in the warmth and sunshine of that glorious truth which, like the everlasting hills, stands ever linn and sure, rather than to lie led by blind force into a maze of unutterable con fusion. 