MeLUCKY'S LODGINGS. " I HAVE called in answer to your reply to my advertisement in the newspaper," said McLucky to the brisk-looking little woman, into whose drawingroom he had just been ushered, "but before I look at the apartments, I must inform you that I left my last residence in consequence of the noise of the children." The lady of the house, with a reassuring smile, told him that she had no children. "No children—so far so good," said Mac., " now will you give me your word of honor that you won't allow any. Do ; there's a good woman." "Sir,'' said the lady, coloring, "I am a widow. My husband, a dear, loving creature he was, too, died three years ago." " Madam," cried McLucky, seizing her hand, "I'm delighted to hear it. I congratulate you." "Do you wish to mock my bereavement, sir?" asked the widow. " Not at all, my dear madam," eagerly broke in McLucky, " but as I have a great objection to be robbed of my night's sleep, I must confess that while I deeply sympathise with your misfortune, i am rejoiced to have alighted upon a lodging for a single man where children cease from wailing, and where teethingsare at rest." " You have no objection to other boarders ?" " Certainly not—if they're full-grown," said McLucky, " I am of rather a sociable turn of mind myself, and Hike company." Inspection having been gone through, and terms settled to the mutual satisfaction of landlady and tenant, the new lodger entered upon his new premises. When Mac. met his fellow boarders—there were two of them—he found them very entertaining gentlemen. They were respectively the apostles of mind and matter. Mr. Horatio Nelson Smith was in an ironmongery warehouse, and trained his mental powers to the highest possible degree of fineness. He doted upon elocutionary displays, and eagerly devoured Shakespeare. The other boarder— Mr. Arthur Wellesley Brown—was employed in the Telegraph Department, and was a staunch advocate of muscular Christianity. " Give me Shakespeare," said Mr. Horatio Nelson Smith, pointing with his forefinger at Mac., as if he were the divine bard, for whom he hungered, " I could dwell for ever upon an uninhabited island, with no other food than the mental pabulum to be derived from the perusal of the divine, the glorious, the philosophic, the psychologic poem of Hamlet. I grovel in Hamlet, sir. Are we— we, the lords of creation—110 better than the beasts of the earth or the brutes of the field that we should be contented with bodily exercise ?" "Certainlynot,"said McLucky. "But, sir," interjected Mr. Arthur Wellesley Brown, in a loud, robust voice, "are we to be content like worms to eat only into books? Give me exercise, and plenty of it, stamina and wind. What we want is to have sound wind." And he poked Mac. muscularly in the chest. " JuBt so," said Mac., as he gasped to recover the article, I agree with you ; what we want is wind." " You remember," said Mr. Horatio Nelson Smith, "where Hamlet first sees hi6 father's spirit. How beautiful is the language. Suppose yourself the ghost." Here Mr. Smith ran Mac. into a corner of the room, and glaring fiercely at him, began— " Art thou a spirt of health or goblin damned ?" " Neither, as far as I am aware of," mildly interposed the majesty of buried Denmark. "Bring with you airs from heaven or blasts from hell ?" " Wind, Bir, good wind is what you want," cried Mr. Arthur Wellesley Brown, coming to the rescue and appropriating the gliost of Mr. Horatio Nelson Smith's father. " The art of self-defence is one of the most important studies of mankind. Allow me, sir, to develop your muscle and improve your wind. Place your hands so. Now, then, first tap on the nose for a bottle of wine ;" and before the bewildered McLucky knew where he was, he found himself engaged in a friendly encounter with a maniac, who was improving his wind by taking his breath away, and winning his wine by making muscular efforts to " tap his claret." McLucky paid for the bottle of wine, but when he retired to rest that evening, he fell asleep before he could solve to his own satisfaction the riddle as to which was the greatest nuisance to a peaceably inclined man—squalling children or raving and muscular lunatics. ' He was roused from his slumber by a tapping at the door. Are you asleep, McLucky ?" cried a voice outside. " Yes—that is no. All right. Come in." The door opened, and Mr. Horatio Nelson Smith, robed in a dressing-gown, bearing a candlestick in one hand, and a large volume in the other, entered the room. " I have come," he said, setting down the candlestick, "to read Hamlet through to you." "Thank you," said Mac. chuckling, for he knew from his church experience that listening to the same voice had a soporific effect upon him; Fire away." Mr. Smith commenced to read mildly, and McLucky began to doze pleasantly. As the reader got deeper in the first act, the sleeper got deeper in his dreams. By degrees the elocutionist warmed to his work, till working up his impassioned declamation, he seized Mac. roughly by the throat, and screamed— " Unhand me, gentlemen i By heaven I'll make a ghost of him that lets me !" " Fire ! murder ! thieves 1 Take away this madman, somebody," cried the throttled McLucky, as he wrenched himself free from this Shakesperian Longmore. " Pray be calm, said Mr. Horatio Nelson Smith, " I was merely, by the cunning of the scene, struck to the souL" " Yes," said Mac., " but you needn't have stuck so to my throat, for all that." " I beg your pardon," said the orator, " we will proceed with the performance." The audience objected, but the play went on. Mac. was afraid to go to sleep lest the excited individual who " grovelled in Shakespeare" should suit the action to the word in some appropriate but unpleasant manner. At about half-paat three o'clock, Hamlet gave up the ghost, the student retired, and the unwilling audience went to sleep. But not for long. Mac's apartment adjoined the bathroom, and at half-past five the sleeper was again awakened by the sounds of— A splashing and dashing and crashing, Like the noise when the waters come down at Lodore. A hailstorm was pianissimo music to the strident melody of the muscular Christian taking his early morning bath. At first McLucky thought that the house must be on fire, and that all the fire brigades were playing on it, until he heard the " ha I" and the "whisb," the " shoo," and the " glorious," and " nothing like water for the wind," in Mr. Arthur Wellesley Brown's robust voice. The bathing overture was followed by a stomping and Indian club exercise ; and Mac., feeling that sleep was an unreal mockery, sadly rose. "Does Mr. Smith," he asked his landlady, "read Hamlet every night, and Mr. Brown bathe every morning ?" " Yes, sir," was the answer, "they do it to improve themselves. They are such good young men." " They are," replied Mac. -'too good for me to live long in the same house with them. I feel that my unworthy presence would contaminate them; and until I have graduated in some high-class lunatic asylum, I fear that I shall not be able to meet them upon those terms of equality which I could desire." And he gave warning to his astonished landlady on the spot. 