THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES SANDHURST, MONDAY. APL. 21, 1879. MEDICAL MANAGEMENT OF THE HOSPITAL. It will be seen by a report in another part of the paper that a meeting of medical men convened by Dr. MacGillivray was held on Saturday evening, the object being to con- sider Mr. Abbott's motion with regard to the future medical management of the hos- pital. The motion, which is to be dis- cussed this evening at an adjourned meeting of the committee of management, runs as follows:—" That it is desirable in the opinion of this board, that the system so successfully pursued in other large hos- pitals—viz., that of giving the honorary medical officers charge of the patients— should be adopted by this institution, and that, subsequently to the receipt of a letter from the medical men of the district ac- quiescing in the project and offering their services in carrying it out, a meeting of contributors be convened to give legal effect to the alteration if considered by them to be advantageous." The proposition is not one of a novel nature, and need not be dis- cussed as if the board were asked to ven- ture on an experiment hitherto untried. We have had some experience here of the system suggested, and it is said to be in vogue in nearly all important hospitals. There ought then to be no difficulty in deciding as to the advisability of its adoption. As regards local experience, Dr. MacGillivray pointed out to the meeting on Saturday evening that the general condition of affairs in respect to medical practitioners in Sandhurst is different now from what it was in the early digging days, when the hospital was under the management of honorary officers. It then broke down after a trial for a con- siderable period, and it was found necessary to appoint a resident surgeon. Certainly it would not be right to conclude that a system which did not answer in those old days, would not work advantageously or satisfac- torily now. The cause of the failure was, according to Dr. Atkinson, the perfunctory discharge of their duties by the members of the honorary staff. One would attend one day and another the next, the consequence being that the treatment of patients was constantly being altered. If there were any risk of this occurring again, a sufficient reason would at once be afforded for the total condemnation of the proposal. But when gentlemen of the standing of those who assembled together on Saturday evening, to talk over the matter in a serious and conclusive manner, express their approval of a recurrence to the system, being willing to act on the honorary staff themselves, a good guarantee is given that no danger of the kind need be apprehended. There were five members of the profession present at the meeting, and no difference of opinion was expressed on this point at all events. Letters of apology for non-attend- ance were received from two others, one of whom—Dr. Hugh Boyd—excused himself ou the ground that he does not approve " in any way of the proposed system of honorary medical officers as applied to the Bendigo Hospital at present." It will be observed that the opinion given is qualified by the two concluding words. Dr. Hugh Boyd has left it open to be presumed that he might perhaps be in favor of the adoption of the system at some future time, but as he does not give his reasons for his disapproval of it " at present," one is unable to come to any conclusion as to the conditions under which he might hereafter feel disposed to give his support to a like proposal. The other letter was from Dr. James Boyd, who states that he " cordially agrees with Mr. Abbott's motion." It will be seen, therefore, that, out of seven medical men, only one sets his face against the adoption of the system. The opinion of the majority cannot fail to have great weight with the board of management. Three of the gentlemen composing it have had the management of the hospital in their hands, namely, Drs. Atkinson, Mac- Gillivray, and Hinchcliff; Dr. Penfold for some time occupied the position of assistant-surgeon, and Dr. Austin has had opportunities for fully acquainting him- self with the working of the institution; whilst Dr. James Boyd has watched its progress from its foundation. Without making light, therefore, by any means, of Dr. Hugh Boyd's objection, we would sub- mit that the united opinion of the gentlemen named is entitled to the highest considera- tion. If their judgment is not to be accepted on a matter of this kind we are at a loss to know from what source a reliable opinion is to be obtained. It should be borne in mind that the medical gen- tlemen who subscribe to Mr. Abbott's proposal, are willing to take upon themselves honorary duties. They are all thoroughly qualified to judge in what they consist; and, as they are all not only conscientious gentlemen, but practically experienced mem- bers of the profession, who know well to what they are pledging themselves, their statements and opinions are to be accepted with the utmost confidence. As to what their functions are to be finally defined to be, we do not conceive it to be any business of ours to offer an opinion. Dr. Hinchcliff, it appears from the report of the proceedings at the meeting on Saturday evening, thought that the honorary staff should give their attention to out as well as in patients, ment that occurred, the rest of the meeting holding that the in-patients only should be cared for by the honorary staff. One thing is not to be overlooked by the board or forgotten by the public, namely, that the meeting was fully agreed " that two resi- clout medical officers are absolutely neces- sary for the safety of the patients." It is not to be supposed that every case coming into the hospital is to wait for the attendance of an honorary officer, nor, we presume, is a patient under treatment by one of them not to be dealt with according to the discre- tion of the resident surgeons in the event of unexpected turns taking place. As we understand it, the honorary physicians will take charge of wards, and the resident sur- geons will act generally under their direc- tions. In these circumstances the patients will have the benefit of the best advice possibly attainable, for, of course, those taking charge of wards will thoroughly and conscientiously acquit themselves of their very serious re- sponsibilities, and be careful not to lay themselves open to the charges of neglect lately brought against members of the honorary staff of the Melbourne Hospital. It will be, however, for the board of man- agement carefully to consider what they are about in arriving at a decision on the mo- tion before them. They have to remember that the welfare of the institution and the interests of the unfortunates in whose be- half it is maintained at great cost must be considered before all things, and that it be- hoves them to cast aside all personal and prejudiced feeling. The En-ous!i .Mail.—The R.M.S. Siain ar rived off Glenelg at twenty miuutes to cloven o'clock yesterday morning. Reticulation or Streets.—The following letter lias been received from the Water Supply Department !>y .Mr. Robt. Clark, M.L.A., and handed to us for publication:—10th April, 1S7(J. —Sir,—With respect, to your urgent representa tions with regard to the necessity of extending tho water supply reticulation to Buckley-street, Reviere-streot, Moran-street, and M'Crae?street, I have the honor to state that the local oilicer has been requested to furnish reports upon these proposed extensions, when the matter will be further considered. I have, however, to state that at the present time the department is without funds other than -ufiicient to enable it to complete the extensions already ordered, and that until further provision is made—on the next estimate.'! or otherwise—the carrying out of additional extensions will neces sarily have to be hold over.—I have the honor to be, sir, your moat obedient servant, T. Couou.uan, Secretary for Mines. Official Telegram.—According to a tele gram which Sir Bryan O'Log'nlen is st it.ed to have received from Mr. Berry, tiic mem bcrs of the embassy ''had visited the Ku-I nt Carnarvon at High-Cierc Castle, and have obtained from his L irdship a favorable prossion of opinion respecting the object of their mission." An interview was to take place be tween the Earl of Bcaeonsfield and the Com missioners on Friday last, and a definite answer was shortly expected from Sir Michael Hicks Beach. Mr. F. W. Haddon, of the who went to England at the same time as the embassy, has been writing in the Timts with re ference to the constitutional dilliculty. Mr. Berry will return by the next mail, but Pro fessor Pearson and -Mr. Hayter will probably §tay another month. The Commissioners have beet; invited to visit Worcester, and an addre-s from (JheUea i< to be m'c.??»ted to them uext S.VXDUUIIST lixiltBmoK, — On Saturday a number of now exhibits Were received, and have been placed in proper positions. l-hiring tiie day the attendance was imly moderate, but in the evening the building was crowded to suffo cation, the sum of £51 3s. being taken at the doors. In cite ovuiiluvf, besides sowe well-exv cuted selections by Monaghan's Band, the rirst concert of the season was given with great Success. Mrs. Grieve sang "Sweet spirit, hear my prayer," jiutl " Tile limo trees by the river," very effectively: .".ml i}r3. JtusspU gave " The dear little sl|at|»roak'' aud '■ Merrily oyer lite snow" witli excellent taste and expression, Mr, J. ltipper was the only gentleman vocalist, and was heard to much advantage in "The gallants tfi JJurjland" and "Now my courage," both of which he very spiritedly. A duet was sung by Mrs. Hurst ant} My, Kipper in excellent Style, and was deservedly appiaudci}, This evening t!)e bind will pla y several new selec tions, and the Farayoni and GafF, and Mr. Gall will singseveral virll-sclcctgd numbers! Tho progmmmo is an excellent one, ■•jnd com prises eleven items in all. Mixing Meeting This Day.—South Belle Yue United, Cole, 5.30, Sudden Death.—On Saturday morning a Chinaman named Ging Teong was passing along Lucan-street, near the hospital, on his way to the Benevolent Asylum, when he was observed by an in-door patient of the hospital, named George M'Donald, to suddenly fall to the ground. Constable Roger, who was returning home from duty, had his attention directed to the case, and conveyed the Chinaman into the hos- pital. He was then in a dying state, and ex- pired a few minutes after admission. An in- quest was held subsequently by Mr. Strickland, when Dr. Hinchcliff deposed thai he had made a post mortem examination of the body, and found the cause of death to be acute pneumonia. A verdict to that effect was returned by the ury. Cuurous Advertisement.—tu the "agony" column of the a day or two s advertisement appeared, which, at tirst sighr, has norhing extraordinary about it, hut closer consideration discovers iu it an uuique hut simple mnde of communicating with an absent one at u minimum of trouble. It reads thus— " C.G.K., third epistle-John, 13 and 14 ver.^3, am alone, Mizpah." Curious readers who may take the trouble to turnup tfceir Bibles, .and refer to the pa-sage indicated, wdl liud that the intimation thus conveyed through the columns * that could be said by the most expert letter writer. Confirmation- Service.—Yesterday alter ucjoji the .Bishop oi Ai&Ibourue; (Dr. Moorhouse) administered the rite of confirmation at St. i'aul's Church to about 150 candidates, in cluding eight Chinese. ITis Lor»ship delivered a short address to the candidate, in which lie exhorted them to continue in fclie path they had cllOHidlJ. Meeting of Medical Men.—On Saturday evening a meeting of the members of the medical profession was held in the board-room at the Ben- digo Hospital, to consider the proposition sub- mitted by Mr. Abbott of the Bendigo Hospital being placed under the charge of an honorary staff of medical officers. There was not a large attendance. The only point in which any dif- ference of opinion seemed to exist amongst the gentlemen present was as to whether the honorary staff—in the event of Mr. Abbott's motion being agreed to by the board of manage- ment—should prescribe for the out as well as the in patients. A conversational discussion ensued on this question, Dr. Hinchcliff contend- ing that they should do so, but the other gentle- men present were of opinion they should only attend to the in-door patients, and a resolution to this effect was agreed to. The question as to the desirability of having two resident surgeons in the hospital was considered, and it was de- cided that it was absolutely necessary for the safety of the patients that this should be done. The meeting seemed generally to concur in the opinion that if the scheme had been proposed from economical considerations, it would be a failure. A report of the meeting will be found in another column. UOLD, calls, AND DIVIDENDS.—1.110 yield of gold for the week is about 1,S00 ozs. Divi dends have been declared to tin; exteut of £1,300,' and calls made amounting to £l'00. City Police Court.—At this court ou Satur day'', two drunkards were brought up before Messrs. Randall and Carolin .and discharged. John Dillon was remanded to Eeliuca 011 Tues day next 011 a charge of obtaining money by false prutcnues from William Turner. The offence is alleged to have taken place at 15ehuca ou the 3rd March. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £'J5, and prisoner in a like amount. Mr. Brown appeared for Dillon. Death from Diphtheria.—An infant three and a half years old, daughter of Mr. George Twigg, of Derby, died whilst being conveyed to lnglowood for medical assistance, and ou Wednesday last, at the request of the coroner (Mr. Strickland) a magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. James M. Saunders, J. P., at Derby farm, Leiohardt. Dr. [learn, of lnglewood Hospital, was examined and stated that he could not ilelkiitrly ascertain the cause of dentil with out a post mortem examination, but probably from I lie evidence deceased had died from diphtheria. The magistrate expressed a.) opinion that deceased had died Irani natural causes. Sudden Death of an Infant.—Sergeant Farrell, of Eagleiiawk, has reported to the coroner that on Sunday the infant child" of Mr. John Oorkadale died suddenly ou the road be tween Huntly and Eaglehawk, to which place it was being brought for the purpose of consulting Dr. Oheyne. Air. Strickland will hold an in quest at 9.30 this morning at the Mount Plea sant Hotel, Eaglehawk. Eagleiiawk Police C'oort.—Messrs. Web ster, P.M., and Trumble, J.P., presided at this court ou Saturday. The only business of any importance transacted was an interpleader case brought for the recovery of a double bar relled gun, seized under a bill of sale with other effects.'the property of one John Reed, by M. Thomas, the execution creditor, the summons claimant, by tliepol'ice (tiie\liknunmg''officers)',' Mr. Ellis appeared for the execution creditor, and Mr. Cohen for tho claimant. The bench held that the bill of sale was good, and pro tected it, bus as tho double-barrelled gun was not mentioned in the list of goods and chattels contained in the bill gave a verdict against Thomas with £3 3s. costs. An application for a transfer of a grocer's licence from J. H. Rob bins to A. S. Lane was not granted, on account of the transfcrree not having obtained a wine and spirit license. The application that the license of the Victoria Hotel be transferred from William Symons to G-. D. Galbraith was postponed until itith iustant. The court then adjourned. Tin: Ghosts.—After a successful run of thirty two night;, f.he last representation of D'Arcy Read's ghost entertainment was given in the Masonic Hall on Saturday evening. There was a fair house, and the programme,' whieh was the same as 011 the previous evening, was well re ceived by the audience. Bf.nevolust Asylum.—The committee sat at t)ie usual i>mir on Friday. Present—Mr. II. Birch (in the ehai:), with .Messrs. Taylor, Osborne, and Quin. Twenty-six applicants were relieved by orders upon stores; 32 in kind from the institute, in addition to those already on the books; aid in three cases was staved, one deferred for enquiry, and one adult '.vas ad mitted. The usual reports were read and re eeivivl. Out-door—Families, etc., relieved during the week, 1SG. Statu of the house : — Adults, 113; children, 157; total, 270. Coseuivr ani> Ke.vm>u:s.—O11 Wednesday evening next, at the Masonic Mall, a concert anil readings will he given in aid of St. Mark's Church, Golden- square. The entertainment will be under the distinguished patronage of the Lord Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Moor Hou^e, and as the object is a most worthy one, and the programme provided for the evening really lirst-class, the funds of the church should be materially augmented. One feature of the programme which will be a great attraction is an address to bo delivered by Bishop Moor house. Tickets for the concert are to be ob tained at Messrs. ICvaus's, Wenboru's, and liobshaw's, and as they are g jing off rapidly, those who wish to be present should secure their seats early. Uov.u, I'rixcess Theatre.—The City Dra matic Club brought their season of six nights to a close mi Saturday night with the drama (if "Fraud and its Victims," which was success fully performed. Thorp was a fair attendance, and the play went .smoothly from start to finish! Mr. (i. A. Coleman in the dual part of Capt. and Alfred Seaborne, received several well-deserved vomids of applause, especially in the snow scene, in which his acting was particularly effective. Mr. ,T. K. \Yidler as tile broken down confiden tial clerk, Tom Trumper, made quite a feature of the part, which added a new laurel to the wreath he has already gained as an exponent of low comedy. M r. \V. A. Windas'a Huggles tone was a creditable performance, and Mr. M. T. Wade's Count dc Valmore was a natural piece of acting. Mr. S. Dal ton deserves praise for his rendering of Gabriel Pummvpot, which he undertouk at a moment's notice, in consequence of Mr. (!. II. Hob=on being taken suddenly ill. Tile other parts were more or less croditably performed. Mr. Weller deserve3 praise for the excellent manner in which ho placed tile various ulays produced during tiic season on the stage which, in a greaB measure had to do with the financial success of the undertaking, and as secretary, Mr. Coleman was invaluable to the club in carrying out the other arrangements. Eight Hours' Anniversary.—On Saturday evening a meeting of the committee of the Eight Hours' Association was held for the pur pose of making arrangements in reference to the demonstration which is to take place to-day. Tiie chair was occupied by Mr. tr. Crawford, and there was a fa r attendance of members. It was resolved that the members should meet at the Bath Hotel at It! o'clock to-day, for the pur po.se of proceeding to the Camp Reserve, where a oriakot match will l>o played, ami other sports indulged in. A. bu]i|if:r and b:;ii vijl bo held in the evening at tiie Bit'u Hotel, to commence at eight o'clook. As the weather promise? to be wry propitious a pluasant day should be spent. Galvanism.—Mr. F. Mumford, medical gal vanist, i.f High-street, Sannlmrst, has opened a shop i>; E-aglehawk, near Canterbury Park, and is [iivpared to treat patients there daily. Ilo will, however, visit Sandhurst as usual in ;he evening. Mr. Mumford has had great experience as a in-;- liual gal van ist, and 1ia« successfully treated a 1:u l:u r.iinjbep of patients, trow ••vhoiii he has received flattering testimonials. He is nitfcaani cal galviiuisfc to tilt! Iiendigo Hospital a'.i-l h; agent in Sandhurst and district for Poulton and Sons'a homoeopathic mo.lioiues. Wanted an' Ow>'Ek.—The police require an owner for a watch and chain found by a man named Mahony in one of the streets. The time pleue has'been much injured by the wheel of ;i vehicle passing oicr H, The Cq.KyEST Schools.—Ie is notified in our advertising columns that St. Aloyaiua^s Young Ladjea' JSchool, Barkly .fiace, will resume duties torday. Sc. kiliitij's primary school \yljl also reopeu, Daring- Attssift at Kobbeky.—It is evident that a gang nf very bol't burglars are at present devoting cht;r attention to Sandhurst, and householders should neglect no precaution in the way of making their premises safe. About lialf pr.at 3 u'click yesterday morning a most daring attempt ir.is made to commit a robbery at the Olympic hotel, Mitchell-street, but fortunately the thiol or thieves were disturbed and had to duuamp. It appeals that at 12 o'clock on Satur day niyl.t Mr*. Peel lucked up the bar as usual, i ami clu'ii proceeded to see that all the windows, w.-re secured. At this time two men were in jiii! of the pariur-s and after fastening the Vr'{iu?owcs in this room, which looks on to Lyuleton Terrace, Mrs. Peel left the room fco make aU s-.-eure in another part of the house, It was about half past l'J o'clock before the men l"ft. Having 1-jcUed the trout door Mrs. Peel retired to her ivom, and about halt' past three o'clock yesterday morning she fancied she heard SuiM-joiht moving about. .She spoke to hersrscer in-Jaw, Mrs. Kniey, who happened r<» be on a visit from WijJianisLov.n, and occupying the .same riio;j]. In reply cu Mrs. Pe-.-I, Mrs. .Bailey said she had noticed a dim light moving about, and also heard some one in the room, but thought it was Mrs. Peel herself, Mrs. Peel then called out lt who's there"? but receiving no answer she screamed out to her lodgers in another part of the house to get up, as some one was in her room. This they instantly did, but before they could get (Hit of their rooms the would-be robbers IjucL decamped. There were, it is believed, tivo persons in the room, as Mrs. Peel heard both chests of drawers tried almost at the sumo time. Oil the lodgers searching the house one uf the windows facing Lyttleton Terrace was found open, and the street door leading to Mitchell-street was also open. It is evident that the door had been quietly opened ready for a bolt, as this Mas the last door locked by Mrs. Peel before retiring for the night, and the fact of the men going to her room denotes.that they were aft-r money, and also knew something about the house. Had they not been disturbed they would have made a good night's work, as Mrs. Bailey's gold watch aud chain and several other articles of jewellery were on the dressing glass. Tiie matter is in the hands of the police, and it is to be hoped th at the burglars will be brought to justice. The Easter Fair.—The Annual Easter Fair is once more a tiling of the past, and although started very late it is gratifying to know that, thanks to the Chinese, the returns for 1S79 will compare favorably with those of the two pre ceding years. We publish in another column a detailed account of Saturday's proceedings and the result of the business of the week, from which it will be seen that the total, receipts amount to nearly £1,300. It is expected that the expenses will not exceed £500, so that about £S0l) will remain available, as the net prolits, for division between the two charities. I'lTBt.ic Holiday.—To-day, being the anni versary of the eight hours movement, will be observed as a holiday ia the Guvenunonfc aud public oin«5«;s. 'i'HK Wkatuei:.—Oil Saturday the weather was ■ IeliijhtftilIv cool ami pleas- iut with a bright sky ana a south-easter'y breeze blowing. Yes terday tin; temperature was imicli warmer; the wind had changed to a north-easterly direction, lmt the day although warm was iar from dis agreeable. Land Tax Appeal.—The Land Tax Appeal Court was occupied oil Friday with the hearing of the ease of John" E'tershank ami William Eaglestone, who appealed against the assessment in the third class of their estate of ,'U,27S acres, situated in the county of Bendigo. In the course of the hearing a question arose (the Aye states) as to the right of the appellants to 1284 aurc3 of certificated land upon which they claim to be taxed. It is alleged that ihe laud in question \v;v* dummied by the late Hugh Ulivsa, the previ.ma owner of Ettershank and Eaglestono's estate. The present owners now claim the right of purchase; and should they be taxed upon the 12S4 acres of certificated land, this will, of course, amount to a practical admission of their demand hy the Crown. It is not surprising, therefore, that Messrs. Etter shanlc and Kuglestone should be so willing to pay the tax upon that area. The commissioners are determined, however, to investigate their claim in the strictest manner, and .Sir. Etter shank has been requested to produce all papers relatingto the 1234 acres on Tuesday next. Cricket.—A match was played at .Strath lieldsaye on Saturday between the Charleston • road and Strathtieldsaye Cricket Clubs, which resulted in a victory for the latter by IS runs. Campbell and Weiner batted well for the winners; aud Beswick, W. Connell, Tracey, jun., for the losers. Campbell, Kitts, 'Cully, and Tracey bowled well for their respective sides. -We have received from Mr, A. Hen derson, of Havgreavea-atreet, a sample of bread made from wheat ground at Webb's new Hour uiill. The brea-1 in quality, we should imagine, aiSle,"ami "very1 invVtni'g'YiPajipearauee'/eba'rae tenstic3 which sliould reuder it an excellent " staff of life." Dic.vni in the Hosi'ital.—A woman named Mary Ann Wood, aged oo, who was admitted into the hospital on the'.Rh March, died yester day frjm pneumonia. Hklii TESTr.MO.viAL.—A meeting of the colu mn,tee of gentlemen who are interesting them selves in : getting up a testimonial to Mr. J. 0. Helm will bo held at live o'clock this evening at Lloyd's City Family Hotel. \Vatku Suri'LY l'ou Woodstock.—A meeting will be held at .U'Cartin's Hotel, Woodstock. thU evening to receive the report of the gentle men appointed to examine a site for the pro posed reservoir. Kxiiimtiox Co.\l>£tTTKK.— A special meeting of the general committee of the Sandhurst In dustrial Exhibition will he held this evening at halt-past seven o'clock. The business to be transacted is of importance. Amongst the matters to be considered is the decision of the Minister of Railways in rogaid to the ruiiuing of excursion trains. Pkoi'KSsor Cavill.—On Saturday afternoon Professor Cavill, assisted by his two children, gave an interesting exhibition of swimming in the large dam belonging to the Catherine lieef United" Company, at iiaglehawU. The perform ances, which were similar to those given in Sandhurst a week or two ago, were witnessed by a very large number of persons, who evinced great interest in the proceedings. At the con clusion of the exhibition contributions were collected from those present, ami we understand the result was quite satisfactory to the Pro fessor. By the evening train on Saturday Pro fessor Cavill went to Melbourne, and after a short stay there, he intends, as we m-niioned on Saturday, to proceed overland to Sydney, and afterwards lake his departure either for America or Knghuul. He expresses himself as being very well satistied, so far, with the result of his trip to tiie Australian colonies. H. A.O. B. Socikty. —A special meeting of the members of this society will he helrl on Wednes day evening, the '23rd instant, at 7.30 o'clock, for the transaction of important business. Donations to the Eastur Fair.—The secretary of the Easter Fair (Mr. J. Kirkby) acknowledges the following donations with thanks :—Great Southern Garden Gully Com pany, £2; Mr. Wilkie, £2 2s.; Mr. M. Morau, 2a. (id.; Mr. Butler, 2a.; Mr. Iiobson. la.; Mr. Xewton, Is,; Mr. Herdigau, Is.; Mr. Paeev, 5s.; Mr. W. I{. Stevenson, Is.; Mr. W. Collins, 2i.; Mr. Condon, Is.; Mr. Hadcoeks, Is.; Mr. P. Doyle, Is.; Mr. P. Galvin, Is.; Mr. Cahill, Od.; Mr. Whalen, Is.; Mr. C'allen, Is.; Mr. .J. M. Cahill, 13.; Mr. 1'. Dowues, 2s.; Mr. M. Downes, Is.; Charlie, 2s. (3d.; Mr. J. J. Howard, 2s. (id., Mr. J. Full, 2s. (id.; Mr. J. Klyim, Is.; Mr. W. Foley. Is.; Mr. 11. Bracher, '2s. (i.l.; Mr. J. Connell, "is.; Mr. Davidson, '2'. (Id.; Mr. A. O'Sullivan, Is.; Mr. S. Crawford, Is.; Mr. Kearney, Is.; Miss Pallet,t, cricket bat; Mr. •). BuieU, loan of Chinese costume; Mr. J. W. Burrows, 2,000 sanitary alphabets; gentleman aged Sfi, cloth patchwork mat; Mr. Colin Stewart, a lamb. Per Miss Crofts—Mrs. Howe, 10s.'; Mrs. Webb, 10s. Gd.; Mrs. O'Hagan, 10s. 0d.; 'Mrs. D ivy or, 3.«.; "Mrs. Xt-v. Ij.Ul, 5s.; Airs. Freeman, 5s.; Mrs. Stevuii*, •1 i.; Mis. \V. Lansell, 2s. Gb; Mr-. W. T. I'.irlow, 2s. (j.l.; Mrs. Collins, 2s. (id.; Mi'-. Doyle. 2s. 0d.; Miss IV.igan, 4 .. Gd.; Mrs. il. M'L'olI, 5s.; Mrs. Nelson, 2s. 0.1. Statu or Ilur. Majhsiv's Gaol.—The follow ing is the weekly state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Sandhurst, for the week ending 19th April, 1S79: —Last return, G1 males; IS females. Since received, 2 males; 1 females; total, G3 males, 19 females. Since discharged, 13 males, 2 females. Total now in, 50 males; 17 females. Classified as follows:—Trial, G males; 2 females. Remanded, 3 males; 2 females. Default of fines, etc., 1 male, 2 females. Default of sureties. 5 males, 1 female. Imprisonment, 9 males, 1 female. Hard labor, 20 males, 9 females. According to the cable news to hand, 7'Ae Tiraa ha* referred to the davUe notice a The A7-'jtin published by the Acting Chief Secre tary, anil apparently has commented upon it with some severity. Tiie Hki'I'.eskxtatios of Maxduraxg.—The iy.::/lehatck Leader says: -We are iu a position to state tliafc a civic dignitary occupying au honorable position in a neighboring cQr,r(Gil, \\\ill lie a candidate for Maud,'.;r,i,ny at the next geivi-al election, A retired io.licitor, named R.uiiel Sovnttou, ayi.-d about CO years, iiaa boon missing from his U«ime at C.u;;tiorv,vH slnou Tuesday last. The luis-siny ;;ontleiiiau \vr« subject to li's. A man named James Warburtnn, who had been drinking heaviiy, muucce-.sfully attempted to commit suicide iu Melbourne on Thursday night, by cutting au arlory in his wrist. (ioiiB Stkalisg.—The liallarat correspondent of the Ayt states that John Airey, (Hi® of il^o tqbut'iH ^''irliing tho j^o. 4 claim' of the Band iii'.d aIUkhi Consols Company, has been detected stealing golden washdirt from" tho puddling maci'.iue. He was caught in the aqt, cfl Wednesday, and upon being searched about half an ounce uf yold vy-as found in his pockets, A warrant hr^a bsen issued for bis arrest, 