? N O T E sJ ' (By Flotsam)) O, it is monstrous ! monstrous I Methought the billows spoke aiid told me of it; The winds did sing it to me ; and tho thuudor. That deep and'dreadful organ-pipe, pronounced The name, PBOPsrETV. I i Tempt tt. Yes, I felt a dismal foreboding of some dreadful impending calamity when I pointed with a fing'er of scorn ' at certain cftrping critics. Thero are Always' people to be found who, armed with a huge microscope of their own Revising, go ab'out plying into and magnifying ten fold the blunders of their! neighbours. In disturbing those noxious creatures which seek shelter in darkness and ob scurity under the stone of [ falsehood, it was to he expected that I should be wounded by their stings. AH my appre hensions have come to pass; The pain- . lul tremors which overcame my soul wore caused ' by the projection of the dark shadows of coming ervents which fell across my path. It was the odic communion of my spirit with the illimit able.- Surely there is somebccult powor in nature far transcending the poor faculties of man I But, leaving this misty and cold region of biological specu lation, nnd coming down to the prac tical and concrete, tho particular insect which has offended me by jhis ceaseless buzzing, is known by the name of 'Propriety.' And let me tell him that lie is. nothing less than |a sfieaking, sharaoloss, smirking, snivelling, white washed hypocrite. To think that this brainless fanatic : that this wailing apostle of- cunt: that this midnight assassin nnd robber: that this 8Cornful,| slanderous, sulphurouB Bovcevov has had tho diabolical malignity, in the secrooy of his .chamber to, dip his pen into poiaonouB ink which ho hns distilled from spiders' knees and murdorprs cauls and doadly horbs, gathered with awful incantations at full inpon beneath tlie gallows jti-eo— all for tliti purjiose of destroying me with'liiB unctuous vituperation. I .-shall soon tea oh that slimy, sloppy, squat, yellow toad to keep his ohilly venom to himself. To call mo a mean hireling 1 indeed. I stMid aghust ut the insult. jWere I not studiously carufui to keopj within the bounds of joiirnalUtio license ; wero I not the nnistor of mysolf aii^l of niy own p.iHKions ; were I not mindful 'of his utter inHignifioanon, I should not permit hini to puss without aomo di scription of wild robuko. If I wero to givo vont to my indignation arid frame my thoughts into burning words, I should bury him in a fiery sirocco of sarcasm and invec-' tive. But he being, as my friend and fellow craftsman of the Standard says so feelingly, but a ' miserable mosquito1' I regard him with lofty . disdain, ; and, scorning a conflict so much beneath me, soar majestically- into the bine empyrean. From this serene elevation I' can watch with a calm, j undisturbed -spirit the result of the blood-thirsty conflict in which 'Propriety' and the Standard are engaged. Feeling confident as to the issue, and from a natural love of fair play, I leave liim to his.just deserts at the hands of that journal. ^However great liis pugnacity, though his hold be as tenacious. as thej death grip of a bull dog; though he strike and fight with teeth an,d tail and claws like a fierce wolf cub, or like ja ferocious Tasmanian devil, yet he will ineeij with a deserved fate at the hands' of his opponent, .who is, I .trow, ?' capable j 'of fighting his own battles.' It is not for me to tarnish the victory about to be won by untimely and injudicious] interference. ; Though jnstice must be done, -let alldue forms be observed. Call upon the judge; im panel the jury j j let the verdict be given and the sentence be recorded. And then the executioner shall carry out tho sentence, and in the last solemn scene of this tragedy will be seen vindicated the majesty of the law. But I anticipate. . 'Propriety,' Sancho Panzo of censors, thou are not yet over come, and I give thee this warning — the myrmidoms of the law are on thy track. The champion 'Quis vituperavit,' whp (''in style so closely resembles' me (Ghost of Caesar ! he (may .be my -i;long; lost brother !) rides jhot haste against thee ; his hoofs rattle on the road, and . behind see Balbus murum cedificahat, Caius puerum ridebitt [and the whole posse of the' lower .first They ? will; overtake thee. To horse! for thy life! — away ! This warning I| give thee from love' of fair play, but my. hatred nnd bitter emnity pursues thee, and when thy pale form cow'ers under the gallows, and thy name is held up to the execration of the world, I shall bejtliere to watch thy last moments and gloat over thy death agony. And should '.the [changeful tide of battle turn, should thou by any chance| elude thy foes, or, by the power of thy sorcery, threaten to prevail ; should the Standard reel under thy onset, or be smitten jby a thunderbolt from Heaven, then by the memory of that wreath of laurels which he placed on these brows, if he jwind his born, 'Flotsam,' with spear, buckler and helmet, will speed fleet as the birds of Hejiven to his rescue; and with one sweeping, trenchant blow of his mighty sword , will cleave the mosquito's jhoad from' his body even as Richard Cosiirde Leon shore in twain the bar of jiron. This I promise him. So let the heart of the Standard rejoice. And . the end of that ' Propriety Mosquito 'shall be jwon derful even as the end of yEdipua the King : — ' Chasms shall open in| the earth; dark, gigantic arms; : shall be stretched ont to receive it; clouds and vapour shall settle over the penal abyss ; and, of it only,] though the .neighbour hood of its disappearance be known, no trace or visible [record shall survive neither bones nor grave, nor dust nor epitaph.' j ' ' | k ? : ? : ? -_L — ? - v '? ? 'i ? 