The Novelist DOCTOR MERUEL'S STORY. From the French of Victor Cherbulles. (Concluded.) He did not come home next day; he wrote me a line to say that two of his dear- est friends had just arrived in Paris, and that he felt bound to devote his whole time to them for the few days they would be in town. I was not sorry, for I was beginning to feel uneasy with him. His extraordinary conduct that morning at Villebon, the strange effect that the reading of that newspaper had upon him, and the affair of the lamp, had made me rather anxious. I began to think that he must be a little bit gone in the head, and it frightened me, Doctor, as you may suppose. Several days went by, and he did not appear. I thought he must have ran away, but I was wrong. When I came home from the theatre one night, there he was at home again, and waiting impatiently for me. As soon as he saw me, 'There she is! there she is!' he cried, and, nestling down beside me on the ground, he told me, and repeated it a thousand times, that there was no woman so adorable as I, in this world, in the moon, in the stars, or in any of the planets it had been his lot to visit. He looked at me and watched me as eagerly as if he had never seen me in his life before, as if he had only just discovered me, and was charmed with his discovery. His voice was soft and coax- ing, and tears came now and then into his eyes, and rolled slowly down his cheeks. Unfortunately I asked about his friends, and at once the whole man changed! He let go my hands, got up and leaned against the mantelpiece, looking stern and gloomy. He answered coldly that his friends were noth- ing to him—mere men of business, that they were going in for some most promising affair, and offered him a share; the enter- prise promised both gold and glory, but was somewhat risky, and that he had refused to take any part with them in it. "But they won't have 'no' for an answer," said he; "and have given me a week to consider it again.' What do they imagine me to be? I said 'no,' and I mean 'no'! I tell you, Rosa, nothing shall induce me to see those men again. I will sit down now, at once, and tell them their project is a bad one, and that they themselves may go to the devil ; I'll have no truck with them. But I want to be alone a minute, Rosa, darling," he went on, resuming his coaxing ways, "I shall have done directly; it won't take me five minutes." He passed into the next room, and I took up a book and went to sleep —books gener- ally do have that effect upon me, Doctor. On this occasion, also, I was awakened sud- denly,—not by the breaking of glass, how- ever, but in the next room I heard a man's step, walking rapidly, and a man's voice, talking loud. To whom could he be talking? I went on tip toe to the door which was ajar and peeped in. He was pale—livid; big drops of sweat were on his brow, his eyes were rolling fiercely, he looked just like a ghost. He kept on crying out at intervals, 'I won't! I won't! Nothing shall make me!' He looked so terrible that my first thought was to retreat and lock the door, but I felt ashamed of being so cowardly, so I took my courage in my hands and, walking boldly in, called out—'Edwards ! for God's sake, tell me what is the matter with you '! He an- swered in a voice of thunder—"Do you not see her? There! there!" "See her! Who is she?" I cried. "You don't see her? " he answered me in trembling tones. I ran to fetch a glass of water, and threw it in his face. He sank down in a chair and burst out laughing. "Thanks" he said; "I no longer see her now"! I sat down beside him; he stroked my hair and said "I really thought it would have driven me mad." "Driven you? It has already—long ago," I said; " but you must certainly tell me who this woman is." " He laughed again. "Women such as she have no particular name," said he. "Is it a woman or a girl?" "It is a witch—a wicked witch!" he cried. "She came to me one day, she terrified me, I drove her off, I hunted her away! She came again; she said 'I hold you, you are mine, I will never loose you! I fled, I placed a thousand miles of ocean between her and me, but she found me out. She was here just now. You came, my darling, and she disappeared, and I was saved!' "What is she like, this woman without a name?" said I. "She is as unlike you, my wife, as a daughter of Beelzebub is unlike an angel of heaven. But let us not speak of her; I pray you, let us not speak of her again; I shall see her face no more." He twined my arms around him and said "He whom Rosa guards is guarded well. I am your prisoner, my dearest, and I will live, I will die in my prison! Let's have some punch!" 'Miss Perdrix paused a moment,' said Doctor Meruel, ' and looked at me with a mysterious little smile. She tries to be deep, but she can't succeed, for that reason I doubt her having any great future before her. There is a mystery in every great talent.' 'Doctor,' she said,, *Do you know now who that man was?' 'I have told you already, my dear, some strolling actor taking a holiday, and doing a little rehearsing. I regret that his part was not a little more amusing.' She looked scornful, but presently said— 'Are you like me, Doctor? When I am frightened, I run away—when I make up my mind, I make it up quickly. I was frightened of my husband—I thought him mad—so I ran away—left theatre, manager and all, to take care of themselves, and fled —fled in a first-class carriage, down to the South and into Italy. I wandered about till I reached Como, and there I fished for trout from the balcony of my room, just fancy! And oh! I did enjoy myself. I never was so happy in my life, and thought I was in Paradise. But one morning I woke and found my Paradise was becoming too mono- tonous, that something was wanting to my life—in fact, I discovered that the greatest charm in life is to have a handsome madman at one's feet, who talks incessantly, with magnificent gesticulations! So back I rushed to Paris, jumped into a cab and galloped home. He was gone, Doctor! Gone right away, and I never saw him any more! A month later, a letter came from Eng- land, which I learnt off by heart, so I can repeat you word for word: "For a fortnight I waited, Rosa, and could not credit my misfortune. Is it really true that you have left me? But all is for the best; in restoring me to liberty, you have given me back to fame and glory. The world will hear of Edwards; it will speak of him, my dear! And then you will know, Rosa, who your husband is. Listen! When you hear of a great deed done, when you see all men tremble with horror—say boldly then, my wife, 'It is he who did it—it is he!' "One last favour grant me darling—send me a lock of your soft golden hair ; it will never leave me, and something of yours will lie on my breast when my last day comes. She is willing, for she is no longer jealous of you! She knows that all is over, that she has got me back for ever, that she holds me soul and body, and that ere long I shall go and do her bidding. Thou wantest blood old witch! Peace!—thou shalt have it!" Doctor, after I read that letter I did what you would have done in my place, I cut off a large lock of hair and sent it to him. See, you can still tell the spot from which I cut it; the hair has not quite grown over it. Two years have passed since then, and I must do myself the justice to say that I thought of him at first once a week at the very least ; but of late I have not thought of. him so often; I am much more reasonable now, and experience of the world has given me sense. My Italian escapade had done me a lot of harm. The managers refused to have any- thing to say to me, but I did not despair, and I got on at last. Pantomime did not suit me—I was born to shine in operetta. I need not tell you where I am now. If you will believe me, they insist upon having me at St. Petersburg, they won't take 'no' for an answer; they make me splendid offers, and I want to consult you, Doctor.' She went on talking about these grand prospects for ever so long, but every now and then she looked at me out of the corner of her eye, and I understood just what she meant. She was dying to be interrupted and asked to finish her long story, but I was determined not to pleasure her, and kept quite still, so at last she lost all patience and began herself. 'What an extraordinary man you are, Doctor, sometimes you are too curious alto- gether, and then again you are like a piece of wood. I told you something extraordin- ary had happened to me! So you have no curiosity to know what it might be!' 'Oh ! I know my dear,' said I, 'he's come back again, he swears he is no longer mad, and you have made it up, and are going to be happy even after.' 'Ah! poor boy!' cried she, suddenly summoning up an expression of tender feel- ing, ' yes ! I have seen him. I saw him a few hours ago, behind the plate glass of a photographer's shop window. I knew him at once, and my heart beat. Those eyes, that forehead, that moustache, those curly locks—it was he, I tell you, he himself! I rushed like a whirlwind into the shop and I said 'where did you get that photograph?' The man looked astonished, we have just got it from New York' said he. 'Then it is the portrait of a celebrated character?' 'Very celebrated, Miss.' 'And then he said—are you listening, Doctor—and then he said—it is the portrait of John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of Pre- sident Lincoln!' Miss Perdrix gazed at me for a moment to enjoy the sight of my surprise. Then she rose and paced up and down the room, her head held high, her cheeks all glowing, her nostrils vibrating and dilated; her feet scarcely touched the ground, one would have said she was about to fly. Every now and then she turned towards me, and from the height of her magnificence and bliss cast at me a look of frienzied pride. I stopped her walk and shook her ener- getically, 'Unhappy woman!' I said, 'what ave you done? That madman was in your keeping, you might have saved him from her, from that daughter of Beelzebub, from that horrible fixed idea which haunted him! But you did not know how to love; you feared, you ran away, and she took back her prey. Oh! destiny! both tragic and ridiculous! If Rosa Perdrix's head and feet had only been a little less flighty than they are, if she had had a little more heart, and a little more courage—President Lincoln might have been alive to this day!' She did not listen. She shook herself loose from me, and commenced her walk again, intoxicated with the sense of her grandeur and her glory. She had played a part in a great historical event, she had loved and wedded a man whose hated memory will always live! 'Well, my beauty!' said I, 'you are always asking me to place myself in your position—I tell you frankly, that in your place I should not feel so proud. Is it really anything so glorious to be the widow of a man who has been hanged?' She turned sharp round, and came straight to me, fierce, and terrible in her wrath; I really thought she was going to maltreat me. 'Don't you know the story?' she cried; 'I have just heard it in full detail. He hanged! Men of his sort don't get hanged, Doctor! Perhaps you'll allow yourself to be informed that he took refuge in a barn, which the police surrounded—he refused to come out and surrender, so they set the building alight and fired at him twenty carbine shots. He hanged! How dare you say so! John Wilkes Booth died defending himself like a hero!' I felt quite stupified and I cried out—'We think we understand a woman; but what man will ever understand that extraordinary sex? Where in the name of fortune is glory seeking for a resting place?' Doctor Meruel now took up his hat and cane, but before he reached the door, some- body called out—' Is that story really true, Doctor?' 'I have repeated to you faithfully what was told me the other night,' said he; 'if you don't believe it, you will get into a pre- cious row with Miss Rosa Perdrix.' THE END. 