SCOTCH FOLKLORE. saturday review. There are few things more dreary than' "' most collections of printed scraps of the-. "lore" which is concerned with May-poles,, /„ magpies, Fridays and panoakos. As a rule,. these collections are made up of unauthentic1 reports of "a correspondent of the Bullock- smithy Telegraph," or of the maundcrings of ' ' a vory old woman whom tho narrator knew - ' when Bho was a girl." For scion tifio pur poses these documents are absolutely worth less. It may possibly be important to know - that the nativeB of Rutland think it unlucky; to eat red-herring out of a pewter plato. But tho information is ouly important, first, if the faot is absolutely certain ; secondly,' if it is comparatively novel ; thirdly, if it can be connected with similar beliefs.of wide diffusion. Now tho printers of unverified notes quite neglect all those conditions. Thoy do not establish the fact, for thoy aro oareleas of authority. They do not care whether the superstition iB generally known or not, for one pioco of popular absurdity U - . as good as another to them. As to tho third condition, thoy havo little of the compara tive Bpirit, and aro content to say something vague about the Druids, Strabo and the par son of the parish, Mr. Napier's little book on Scotch Folklore is all unlike tho too numerous and tedious collections to whioh we refer. He spoaks of what ho has soon. He prints ac counts of living beliefs of a well-authenti cated sort, full of the spirit of the West Scotland peasantry. Though the super stitions in whioh he is Interested are widely " spread, the Scotch havo given them a cha racter, an accent of thoir own. Thus the legends and customs with which Mr. Napier deals are real living things, portions of the life, almost of the religion, of the Scotch. They are not only, as a rule, well and care fully reported, but thoy are given in thoir native simplicity, with no display of need less erudition. In his appendix, "showing the probable relations of tho modern festivals of Christmas, May day, St. John's day and Hallowe'en to ancient Sun and Fire wor ship," Mr. Napier does just touch on the Druids and other debatable matter. The greater part of his book, however, is fair and honeBt reporting of curious fragments of ancient belief, of old.fashioned ways of pro pitiating the unBeea powers of a strange world. - ; Mr. Napier begins with the superstitions connected with birth and childhood. These are naturally very numerous. The ancient view of life, the view which snrvivcB in the changeless classes of the people, regards it as ? the battle-field of spiritual agencies. There are invisible powers always abont ue, and there are streams of mysterious tendency which oan bo diverted by this or that piece of popular ritual. The entrance into lifo„lB specially beset <by strange powers, "Women in childbirth fall easily a prey to the fairies, though Mr, Napier's own scrap of legend as to this is given, we regret to say, on tho au thority of "a correspondent in Long Ago.' That is not evidence, but what follows is evidence. "I havo known," says Mr. Napier, " of an instance in which the baby was born on a Saturday, and carried two miles to ohuroh next day rather than risk a week's delay." The snporstltibn - was a compound apparently of theological belief and of vague dread of tho fairies and the evil eye. "Ib Is unlucky to name the , child by any name until baptism has been performed." As an example of the truth of this belief, wo may instance, though Mr, - " Napier does hot do so, the Scotch marchen of Nioht, Nought, Nothing. Tho hero of that legend was called Nioht, Nought, Nothing, before ho was baptized, because, in his royal father's absenco, his mother did v ' not dare to christen him. Ill luck followed. A giant came for Nichb, and carried him - away to his deD, and though tho hero at last married the giant's daughter aud lived happily, it was only after terrible trials and adventures. Superstitions beset the first visit of the baby to the chnrch. He has to bo protected from the '-'evil eye," an in fluence which we thought had died out iu Scotland. Mr. Napier himself was in child hood a victim of aellatura, "got a blink o' tho ill e'e," and was cured by a wise old woman : — I have quite a vivid remombranco of being myself believed to bo tho unhappy victim of an evil eye. I had taken what was called a "dwining" which baffled all ordinary experience ; and, there fore, it was surmised that I had got "a blink ot anill.e'e." To romovo this evil influence, I WM subjected to the following operation, which was prescribed and superintended by a neighbor "skilly " in such matters : — A sixpence was bor rowed from a noigbhor, a .good fire was kept . \- burmog iu the grate, the door was -locked, and I \--was placed upon a chair in front of the fire, 'l'bo ' - operator, an old woman, took a tablespoon and v filled it with water. With the sixpence she, then : lifted as much salt sb it would carry, and' both were put into tho water in tho spoon, The water was then stirred with ; the forefinger till tho salt was dissolved. Thqn tho. soles . of my feet and tho palms of my bands were bathed with this solution thrice, and after these bathings I was made to taste the solution thros times. Tho operator then drew her wot fore finger across my brow — called" scoring aboon tho breath." The remaining contents of tbe spoon she then cast right over the Gre, into tbe binder part of the fire, saying as she did so, "Quid presorve ' frai a' skaith." - Those were the first words per- nutted to bo spoken during the operation. I was then put in bed, and, in attestation of the eljicacy of the charm, recovered. To my know- . ledge this operation has been performed within these forty years, and probably in many outlying country places it is still practised. Tho origin of this superstition is probably to be found in ancient fire-worship. The great blazing fire was evidently an important element in the transac tion ; nor was this a solitary - instance in which regard was paid to firo. I remember being taught that it was unlucky to spit into tho fire, some evil bomg likely shortly after to befall those who ' did so. Crumbs left upon the table after a moal wore carefully gathered and put into the fire. The cuttings from tho nails and hair were also put into tne fire, Those freaks certainly look like survivals of fire-worship. Here Mr. Napier's own personal experience of white magic make a very good piece of ' evidence. As to "spitting," it seems to form so large a part of rnral necromancy ' that the little Scotch girl who declared that -the sixth commandment was "Thou shalt not spit" really added a desirable rider to 1 the Decalogue. " Cuttings from nails and hair" aro not, we fnnoy, thrown into the fire as aots of fire- worship. Thoy are destroyed -. to prevent an enemy from making magical nse of something cit rapport with his victim. In old Russia spells were cast by a malignant use of the dnst in which men had left traoes of thoir footsteps; and Boris Godonnof, \ . though a strong-minded person, made his ; servants swear that they would not bewitch : .- him in this unfair fashion. Mr. Napier mentions similar customs among the Pata- goniaus and some African tribes, but does I not appear to notice that this explanation of fjhe burning of hair conflicts with the theory j; that it is a survival of fire-worship. Tho customs connected with marriage are , . less interesting than we might have ex pected. It is dangerous to marry a person whoso, name begins with the same initial . letter aq your own. Is this a Burvival from atlmo of " exogamy," when it was forbidden to marry within the limits of the same stock- name ? The collectors of folklore seem to Bay little of a singular "taboo," vaguely re- Sorted (by tho Celtic Society's editor of the look of Honours) to exist in England. By this "taboo" tho mother of the bride is forbidden to be present at the marriage cere mony. It ib most important that this ens- -tom, answering as it doss to other widely spread prohibitions, should bo examined, if . it -really exists. Mr. Napier thinks that the "best man" is evidently" just the bridegroom's friend, who, in the absenoe of the bridegroom, undertakes to protect the bride against a raid until she roaches the : ohnrch, when he hands her over to his . friend the bridegroom. But to protect the s bride on her way to church would be, in any modern society, the duty of her kins men, It is at least as probable that tbe " best man " was once the chief of the group 1 who helped the lover to carry off his lady, . by the " good old rule, the Bimple plan " of capture — a plan of whioh. there are many traces in RusBian popular -poetry. The -first oare of the bride is to spin and weave linen for her own and her husband's dead claes:— I can well remember the time when, in my : father's house, these things were- spread out to air bofore the fire. This was done periodically, and these were da;B when mirth was. banished , from tbe kousohold, and everything was dono in a Bolemn mood. The day was kept as a Sabbath, The reader will not fail to observe in some of those modern customs and beliefs modified sur vivals of the old Roman practices and super stitions beliefs. . As the Scotch bethink themselves of death \- . immediately after marriage, eo their fancy v lightly turns to things of love after a death. It iB believed that the unburied oorpse must be watohed, apparently to guard It from evil spirits. " The company Bitting np with the corpse generally numbered from two to six, although I have myself been one of ten. . . . Although during these night- sittings nothing, unbefitting the solemnity of the ocoaBion was done, the circumstances of tho meeting gave opportunity for love- making." In short, there was a good deal of '.'.daffing." That the lovers snatched a fear ful ioy, the following story, which is not unlike one current in a certain college in Oxford, sufficiently proveB Tho corpse was laid out in a room, and the \- watchers bad retired to another apartment to . partake of rofreshmentB, having shut the door of the room where tbe corpse lay. While they wero eating there was ijeard a great noise, as of a struggle between two persons/ proceeding from -the room where the corpse lay. None of the parly would venture into the room, and in this emergency they sent for the. minister, who came, and, with the open Bible in hiB hand, entered the room and shut the door. The \- - noise then ceased, and in about ten minutes he .-.came out, lifted tbe tongues from the fireplace, and again re-ontored tbe room. When he came \- out again, he brought out with the tongs a glove, -which was seen to be bloody, and this bo put into / tbe fire. - He refused, howovor, to tell either ' . what he had seen-or heard ; but, on tho watchers . -toturning to their post, the corpse lay as formerly, \- and as quiet and unruffled as if nothing had taken place, whereat they wero all surprised, \-- There is something horribly effective in the \- detail of tho bloody glove. The piety of a people accustomed to had weather is visible \- in the anecdote about an old woman on whose only daughter's funeral the sun shone ont through rainy clouds. "The mother, with evident delight, as she Btood at the door, \- thanked God that Mary was getting a good .blink. We did not know, till Mr. Napier ' mentioned it, that a common superstition of tho Vosges country prevails in Scotland. The bed on which a man has died is burned in a placo where no beast can get at it, and in \- the morning tbe ashes are carefully examined, in the belief that the footprint of the next person of tho family who will die will bo seen. The French, oil the othor hand, bo- liero that the footprint of tke ghost of the dead will be imprinted in tho ashes. i. Witchcraft m Scotland took the ancient ' and familiar forms, some of whioh wero common to the negroes of Barhadoes and the I Athenians of Plato's, time. Mr. Napier adds I but little to our knowledge of this subject of of second-sight. Here, however, is a story of the latter at second-hand I had a conversation with a woman who when young was in company with ono who had the gift of Becond-sigbt. They went out together: one Sabbath e von ing, and while sitting'on the banks of the Kelvin tho seer bad a vision, and touched my informant with her left foot, and sho also saw it. It roso from the water liko the full moon, and was transparent ; and in it she saw a young man whom she did not know, and. her own ; likeness standing at his left. 'side, Bofore many, weeks were passed a new servant-man camo to the farm where my informant was then serving/ and whom she recognised as tho person whose imago sho had seen in tho vision, and in little more than a year after the two woro married. The chapter on charms is more copious, and ,we are tempted to quote a very enrions account of the' mysti'o use of the pramantha in Perthshire. The anecdote; however (pp. 83-4), ocoupies loo much space. It most suffice to Bay that cattle diseases were cured in the -Highlands by extinguishing all .tbe fires between, the two nearest rivers, and producing fresh litre by a ceremonial in whioh rubbing- two sticks together is the chief feature. "Daring the continuance of the ceremony they appear melancholy and de- jeoted ; but when the fire, which they say is brought by an angel from heaven, blazes in the low, .tney resume their wonted . gaiety." Mr. Napier's authority is a note of Mr. Joseph Train's, made about 1810. Other charms are chiefly of the symyAthetio nature, and are based on fanciful analogies, whioh are snppoBed to represent transcendental correspondence between things — between warts, for example, and the lard with whioh warts have been rubbed. As the lard wastes in the sen the wart disappears. . Mr. Napier's ohaptera on snperstjtlons conneoted with animals and plimts are not very copious, perhaps because that particular class of belief, being among the oldest, is among tho first to die ont, - This notice of a very etraightforward and diverting little book cannot end better than with -an anecdote il lustrative 'of the development of supersti tious opinion I romember that one year onr first-foot was a man who had fallen and broken his bottlo, and : cat" and bleeding was assisted into our-honse. My mother made up her mind that this was a .moBt unfortunate first- foot, and that something serious would occur in tbe family-during that year. Iboliovo, had the whole family been cutoff, sho would not have been surprised. However, it was a prosperous year, and a blooding first-foot was not afterwards considered bad. 