HOSTAGES TO FORTUNE. CHAPTER XXL—(Continued.) » •• BYTHEAUTHOROF "LADY AUDLEV's SECR "AURORA FIjOYD," &C.; " It you could only bring the same people here, Herman ! " says Editha, with a sigh. Bhe would do anythingexceptsacrifice principle to have her fall share in her husband's life, and she feels with a pang that it is slipping away from her somehow. Jealous of Mrs. Brandreth in the vulgar sense of the word she is not, for her mind is too pure to imagine eviL But she envies Myra those gifts which render her society valuable and her house ch&rming; to Herman. " Not so easy, my love. We are farther from town—objection number one. The people who go to Mrs. Brandreth's will drive a mile and a half, but don't care about driving three miles. Then you set your face against Sunday receptions—objection number two. The people I meet at Mrs. Brandreth's like Sunday visiting." " Could we not have an evening once a week, on which your friends could come to you in an unceremonious way, Herman f" suggests Editha timidly. " Dinner-parties are so expensive, and we have quito enough of them alroady. But perhaps if these people you like so much knew that you were at home on a particular evening, they would comc to us." " I thought you were too much wrapped up baby for that kind of thing; thins : we've been degenerating into domesticity since that young gentleman's arrival. However, perhaps it's not a bad idea. I'll get you some cards printed, and we'll have our weekly reception say Tuesday evenings; music and conversation, tea aud coffee, light wines, sandwiches. Dr. Johnson says that no man, however intellectual, likes to leave a house exactly iu the same condition ho entered it. Humannaturerequires some sustaining element, if only sherry and sandwichos." Editha is delighted, for this arrangement will give her at least ono evening in the week on which she will bo sure of her husband's society. Mrs. Westray'a Tuesday evenings, in a certain unpretentious way, are a success. Kensington and Chelsea are rich in artists and iiteraiy men, and these are Herman's favorite companions. The distance is easy between Fulham and these abodes of art and letters : painters, playwrights, poets, and their natural enemies and boon companions the critics, rattle down to Bridge-end House in hansoms, and walk home in a merry band by moonlight or starlight, sometimes ever so long after midnight has struck from the two grave old churches whose towers stand dark and square against the sky, like twin warden of the river. Very meny ate these eveningsj very M 0f mirth And #it, nights to be remembeQ^ verily " society;" ourioualy different fromth e stately interchange of civilities among the Jittl&- great of suburb or country town, who disseminate dulness at measured intervals, and call it " visiting." ftid bd$et in the llttleFomp eiati dining-room is always liberally furnished. Hermatfs dfcii serves as a smoking-room, and is sometimes crowded to suffocation with noisy disputant* who can talk louder here than in Mrs. Westwy 1 ! drawing-room, where the wives are comparing notes about babies with Editha, and repeating the last mot from the nursery. Some of the wives and sisters are musical, and then are songs Ana Sonatas dnd tin tkt»- sional glee—"See our oars with feathered spray," or " From Oberon in fairyland"—to diversify the evening's entertainment. Curiouslooking foreigners, whom Herman picks up st his club, come down occasionally, aud draw 6trange and subtle harmonies from the Broadwood miniature grand. But conversation ie the great feature of the assembly. That never flags. Samuel Johnson and his chosen circle never discussed a wider fangd of topi<S8j nefef soared to the immensities ot descended to tk trivialities, with bolder wing than Mr. We&- tray and his fiiends. Barkly Tollemy often exhibits his tall figure and wise gray head among the younger guests* and discusses the Various problems of a phenomenal univefce with Herman, or gives utterance to the most e. scathing criticisms with an unctuous humour that makes the sharpest words seem sweet At honey. Editha has left off listening to M metaphysical iigtiittehtsi BhtJ is happy in having Herman near her, in seeing him pleased and amused, and in knowing that at least for this one night in the week his own house is as attractive to him as Mrs. Brandreth's. True there are people who go to the popular actteu who never come herc^distingUUhed nlembeH of the patriciAn ohlfeh Miri tHirik it a favoiif to b6 i^tesented to the popular manageress of the Frivolity ; famous doctors, famous lawyers who like to relax the tension of the bow in Myra's pretty drhwing-room, and to have their last pet anecdote laughed at by the favourite actress; while Herman, being only an author, is but little sought by the great But he has the Bociety he likes best) and is satisfied. The Bordeaux and light German wines, the chicken ET," and anchovy sandwiches, the effervescing waters and old cognac, the tea and coffee and pound cakes and Presburg biscuits, consumed at these weekly reunions cost something; but Editha is too pleased with Herman's pleasure to count the cost, and so life glides on calmly, almost happily for the young wife, despite those melancholy Bunday even* ings when her husband is planning a new play at Kensington Gore. Among the most constant guests at Mi!s> Westray*8 Tuesdays is Hamilton l»Vn<ihUrfik He is such a near neighbour, as he tells Editha, and it is easy for him to drop in. Indeed, he has not waited for the institution of these weekly receptions to become a frequent dropper-in. He has spent many an evening in the little Dutch drawing-room—with its green-damask walls and old delft jars and quaint tulipwood cabinets—furnished after a Dutch picture. He has contrived somehow to make himself a friend of the family, to subordinate all those characteristics which Herman observed in him at the beginning of their acquaintance, and to get himself, in a manner, rehabilitated in his friend's esteem. Before his marriage Herman had made up his mind that Lyndhuist was one of those desirable bachelor acquaintances who ought to be buried in the grave of a man's bachelorhood; but since bis marriage be has come to think that Lyndhurst is a very good fellow after all, with rather too much audacity in expressing his opinions among men, perhaps, but a man of kindly feeling and genuine good-nature, and with a perfeot appreciation of good and pure-minded women. To Editha Mr. Lyndhurst has succeeded in making himself eminently agreeable. He has dropped-in when husband and wife have been alone together in Herman's study, and has contrived to fall into that small domestic circle without causing a break in its unity. He can talk well when ho likes, he sings and plays exquisitely, and seemB never so well pleased as when Mrs. Westray asks him to go to the piano. That musical genius gives liim an elevated air in Editha's mind; she oannot imagine evil in a man who can interpret the great classio composers with suoh divine expression, and whose deep, pathetic voioe rises in power and grandeur with the grandeur of his theme. CHAPTER XXIL "Aus dleser Brdo qulllen melne Freuden, Une dlese Sonne sohelnet melnen I<«lden i Eann ich mlcli erst von Ihnen sohelden, Dann mag, was will und kann, gesohehn." The Tuesdays have been established for nearly two months—the London seaton is over. It is Sunday, late in July, the July of 1870\. The Franco-Prussian war has begun, and neutral England is breathless and excited to fever-point, watching that awful contest, and prophesying darkly as to its upshot. Editha is thinking rather sadly of an approaching visit to Lochwithian with her boy; sadly because Herman pleads his literary work as a reason for staying in London, while she goes alone to exhibit her first-born to the fond and admiring eyes of his aunt and grandfather. " But surely, dear Herman, you could write better at Lochwithian," she pleads, when first this bitter fact of his preferring to romain in town is made known to her; " the pure air, the quiet—" " My dearest, pray sink that absurd notion about rustic tranquility. Dogs barking, cocke crowing, guns firing—your father coining in to propose a ride—Mr. Petherick bursting in upon us with the news of some startling event in the village—Betsy Jones has had a letter from her brother in America—or Polly Evans's little boy has set fire to his pinafore. And then there is the temptation which the smiling green hills, and the busy, babbling water-falls, and the glad blue sky, are always offering a man to go out of doors aud be idle and happy. I never could Btay long within four walls in the country." " But think what good rest and mountainair would do your health, Herman," says Editha anxiously. " My love, it is not a question of health, but of getting my book finished within a given time," he answers, somewhat impatiently. " I can work nowhere so well as in this little room. Molding and Korness may have charged rather dear for their notions of comfort, but they have certainly succeeded in making tne comfortable. This den is the dearest place in the world, and when you and the little one are here, a domestic Eden." The tender speech coming upon her in the midst of her disappointment, moves Editba almost to tears. She takes up her husband's hand and kieses it. 41 Dear hand, which works so hard for baby and me !" she exclaims. Herman draws her to him with a sigh. " Dear love, I have worked hard enough, but perhaps I have not been quite so prudent as I ought to have been. Iam not saving money, and a man who has given hostages to Fortune should have his modest share of the Three per Cents." " But you are not in difficulties, Herman!" Editha inquires anxiously. " No dear, not in difficulties," he answers, with a faint gulp, as if conscience were swallowing a pill. " I am only a little anxious about your future and the little one's if—if anything were to happen to me; like poor MandeviUe for instance." Mandeville is a writer of promise who has perished untimely, leaving a wife aftd children and not so much as a scuttle of coals or a bundle of firewood in his house. " Herman, don't talk of such a thing!" cries Editha, pale with agony at the suggestion that her beloved is mortal " No, dear, it is not a thing to talk about j but it is a thing that a man can't help thinking about now and then, when he looks in the faces of his children and remembers how brief a journey it must be for them from his deathbed to the workhouse." "Then we are living beyond our means, Herman!" exclaims Editha. " Why did you not tell me this sooner? I will do anything dear—economise in any way you like—send away one of the servants, or two even—remove to a smaller house." " My dearest, I don't want to advertise to the world juBt yet that I am a failure. This house suits us to a nicety. Your present cook seems a very decent person. All I have to do is to stick close to my work, and to go on being successful. I shall be afraid even to speak seriously to you, darling, if you take fright so quickly." *' X am only distressed to think that you should have worked so hard, and that we should have squandered all your earnings upon servants and dinner-parties, carriages aud horses. Wo can get rid of thot last expense at any rate, Herman. You bought the carriages and horses to please me. I can do without them very well indeed, dear—so you can sell them as soon as you like." "You don't know what you are talking about, love. A man may buy horses and carriages—some people even go so far as to consider that an improvident proceeding—but ho cant sell them. That means throwing his mouey into the gutter." " But to get rid of the expense of keeping them, Herman; that would be an advantage, even if you lost ever so much by selling them." " When ruin is staring us in the face we'll think of it, dear," answers Herman, carelessly but with a touoh of weariness in tone and manner, like a man who feels himself overweighted in the universal handicap. It is not from lack of love for wife and child that Herman shrinks from accompanying them to Loohwithian. Ho has a sense of anxiety which makes him recoil from the idea of rural tranquility aud calm autumn days. He is overworked, and knows it: yet is anxious to write faster than ever-to achieve some striking success, dramatic or literary, in order to be once more in advance of Fortune. Ho is glad to avoid the risk of friendly and confidential converse with the Squire, who might aBk bun searching questions about his affairs. A certain irritability, which has been growing upon him of late, seems to find its best solace m the intellectual atmosphere of his club, or Myra's drawing-room, which is only an elegant reduction of club society ; the same men, the same subjects of conversation, the same tone of being ever so far in advance of the foremostrank of commonplace humanity. The thing which Herman Westray feels most keenly—perhaps the lurking cause of his fretfumess and discontent—is that invention begins to flag, or even to fail. Tho ciovvd of images, tho wealth of incident, the variety of subject, which used to throng the chambers of his mind, inhabit there no longer. He is obliged to resort to other men's invention for suggestions that may assist his wearied fancy, and with this view reads innumerable French and German novels, in the majority of which he finds agreeable varieties of stories that have been told a hundred times before, and in the residue no stories at all. Seldom now cau he give himself up to the study of those great masters of style, whose imperishable works used to be the delight of his leisure. Actual leisure he has none, and his days of absolute weariness and exhaustion ho employs in groping for some available notion in tho kennelsof continental fiction—a novel which he can condense and crystallise into a drama, or a drama which he can develop and widen into a uovel. This sense of the absolute need of incessant work is his excuse to himself for letting Editha pay her home visit alone That pained and disappointed look of hers haunts him long after his announcement of this intention, but, though it grieves him sorely, it does not induce him to alter his plans. So Editha leaves the gray old church on this late summer evening more out of spirits than she has felt for a long time. All through the bright, busy London season, when her husband has spent so much of his time away from her, she has looked forward to the autumn visit to Lochwithian, consoling herself with that sweet home picture of the idle days they are to spend together in the &ir; harvest month. She has spanned the gulf between the dreary present and the happy future with hope's golden bridge, as the sea-king in the old German ballad bridged over the waters that severed him from his earth-born love. Thus the disappointment is more bitter even than disappointment is wont to be, and all through this evening's sermon, in the fading summer light, she has been taking a despondent view of life, and agreeing heartily with the preacher, who quotes the wise saying of Sir Thomas Brown to the effect that this world is rot an inn, but a hospital. Alone in the declining light she leaves the old church, and returns to the home which seems so empty without Herman. He is dining at Mrs. Brandreth's, where he is to meet some new star in the literary heaven—an American poet, whose wild, strong verse has caught the English ear with its vigorous melody. Sho might have gone with him, she knows, had sho so chosen, and can therefore hardly consider his absence an unkindness. Yet she feels that the early sweetness of their wedded life is gone, and that she can scarcely be first in her husband's thoughts when he holds it too great a sacrifice to give up a Sunday dinner-party tor her sake. Sho makes her sacrifice uncomplainingly for the sake of principle, for the faith in which she has been brought up, whose simple rules and ordinances seem puritanical to Herman's easy way of thinkiug. A geutlemam is waiting at tho little gate of Bridge-end House as she approaches—a tall and largo gentleman, with dark eyeg, aud a face which, although not so young as it has been, is still eminently handsome. " How do you do, Mr. Lyndhurst ? Have you been ringing?" Editha asks, as she shakos hands with this evening visitor. "Two or three times," replies Lyndhurst carelessly ; " but your people seem afflicted with temporary deafness. I daresay they are watching the stoamers. There's generally one aground for two or three hours on a Sunday evening hereabouts—amusing rather, for the spectators. The grounded ones usually sing hymns or dance the varsoviana, perhaps, Mrs. Westray. It is a dance known in the dark ages, before the Indian Mutiny, and still affected by the lower classes." And so talking, Mr. Lyndhurst follows Editha into the house, the parlour-maid having been recalled to e consciousness of her duties by this time. Tho house has a deserted look on this sum mor Sabbath evening. The light is dying in tho saffron weBt, and the corners of the room are shadowy. Don't ring for lamps on my account, Mrs. Westray," says Lyndhurst, as Editha lays her hand on tho boll. This July twilight is delicious." " Yes, there is a lovely calmness in this faint gray light," she answers, seating herself in a low chair in the balcony, which at this season is like a part of the room. " But it is rather melancholy, at least when one is—" 'Already disposed to sadness?" hazards Lyndhurst. • I did not quite mean that. When one is alone." " f rue," he answers gravely. " Solitude is only tolerable to the man who has nothing to regret. Nay, for the man who does regret there is no such thing as solitude. His loneliness is peopled with phantoms." Editha sighs. Her lonely hours have their ghost. They are haunted by the memory of happier days. " l ou are thinking of leaving town soon, I suppose?" r asks Mr. Lyndhurst. It is the stereotyped question just now. "Almost immediately. Baby and 1 are going to Wales next week, to stay with ray father." ' Baby and you, and baby's papa, of course," remarks Mr. Lyndhurst, with supreme innocence, having only yesterday at his club distinctly heard Herman say that he was too hard at work to take his wife into the country. " No, I ain sorry to say Herman is not able to go with us. He is 60 anxious about his literary engagements. He lias a commission for a new comedy, to be produced early in the winter." At the Frivolity?" " No. His last piece is likely to run for a year, I believe." " He is lucky in having such on actress as Mrs. Brandreth. Wonderful woman ; gifted in every way." " Yes, she is very clever, and very fascinating." " Charming, isn't she ? Artificial of course. She would never have taken such a brilliant position if she were not artificial. And when art is so delightful, why should one languish for nature." " She struck me as spontaneous in her acting." " Yes, she has her sudden flashes of passion, like Edmund Kean. But underlying all that seems spontaneous there is a mathematical knowledge of effect. She can calculate the force and pressure of her art to a hair. Gurious that a simple girl, brought up, not amongst the sawdust, but in a quiet Devonshire village, should develop into such an artist" "Devonshire!" repeats Editha curiously. "Does Mrs. Brandreth come from Devonshire?" "Didn't you know that!" " No, indeed. I had no idea that she was a countrywoman of Herman's." Lyndhurst looks at her for a few moments thoughtfully, as if he were weighing some question in his mind. And then replies in his most careless tone. He might tell her something about her husband's past which would sting her to the quick; but it strikes him that the time is not yet ripe for him to impart that piece of information. He has his fuse ready, whenever he cares to use it, but is in no hurry to spring the mine. " Well, I am not sure that she is a native, but I know she was brought up in the West of England. Are you fond of the drama, Mrs. Westray ? Do you like your husband to write for the stage ?'' " I like him to be successful in his art," she answers, " and to follow the natural bent of his genius. But I sometimes think that he would be happier if he wrote only books. Ho is too anxious for the success of his plays, too much elated by triumph, too much depressed by failure. A book can wait for praise and recognition, but a play—" " Assails Fortune like a highwayman, de manding your money or your life," says Lynd hurst, laughing. " I always pity the unhappy author on those brilliant first nights, when all intellectual London is on the alert, quite as ready to hiss a defeat as to applaud a success. Ono sees the wretched beiug who has set the puppets in motion writhing in tho stalls, or smiling with a dolorous smile at those jokes which he thought would set the house in a roar, and which nobody sees. How flat his impassioned speeches seem to fall—what weaknesses ho sees in tho fabric of his play to-uight, which never struck him at rehearsal! How keenly those agonised eyes of his examine tho faces of the critics, inscrutable as the Sphinx And when a man in the gallery laughs in the right place, ho could hug that man in a gush of gratitude. No, Mrs. Westray, I do not envy the dramatist his rare triumphs. Your husband must be working rather too hard, by the way, when ho cannot afford himself an autumnal holiday, were it over so brief." " Yes," answers Editha with a sigh, " it has been a great disappointment to all of us. think even baby understands, and is sorry papa is not going into the country with him." "Intelligent baby I I suppose the little one is not on view so late in the evening? I should have liked to see what progress he has made since he and I made friends in the early summer." Mr. Lyndhurst on one of his friendly visits has been introduced to baby, and has contrived to fascinate that young member of the household. There are men whom children, horses, and dogs are attracted to; not always the best men, perhaps. Is it not rather a question of animal magnetism than superlative virtue, this influence which man exercises over the lesser brutes? " Baby has been fast asleep forever so long, I hope. Herman is dining with Mrs. Brandreth, to meet Mr. Molony, the American poet. I wonder you are not there." " Mrs. Brandreth was kind enough to ask me, and her Sunday evenings are charming. But there are times when one is not quite in tune with that kind of thing; times when a solitary ramble in the lane about Wimbledon Common is bettor than brilliant society and a file-firing of epigrams. I enjoy half-an-hour's quiet chat like this more than the loudest roaring of Mrs. Brandreth's literary lions." " It is good of you to enliven my solitude for a little while," replies Editha, who is really cheered by this friendly talk in the twilit balcony, and whose innocence has no knowledge of Mr. Lyndhurst's evil repute. She knows he is her husband's friend, and accepts that fact as a certificate of character. " I wonder you do not go to Mrs. Brandreth's tor the sake of the music," she adds. " Herman tells mo there is often first-rate music." " Some of the best, doubtless ; but do not think me egotistical if I confess that I would rather play one of Beethoven's sonatas to myself in a half-dark room like this, than hear it performed a gieat deal better amidst the halfwhispered chit-chat of a parcel of people of whom about one in ten knows what is being played, while one in twenty cares about it." " You play so well that you can afford to Bay that" " I think I should feel it if I could not play at alL I would hire some half-starved professor—an unappreciated genius—to play Beethoven and Mozart for me between the lights, while I smoked my pipe. Music to the man or woman who cares for it is better than opium-eating. Your true musician sees as many visions as were ever beheld by Coleridge or De Quincey." " If he starts with as rich an imagination as Coleridge or De Quincey. A man's own mind must create his dream pictures. Opium or music can only set the machinery in motion." " True, Mrs. Westray. In that case I am not without imagination. I know there are times when my fancy is a daring one." Something in his tone, which sinks to eper earnestness with this last sentence, might give the alarm to a woman of the world; but to Editha it conveys nothing beyond the idea that Mr. Lyndhurst has more sentiment or romance, in his composition than she has given him credit for. " It is curious that you should be going to Wales," he says presently, after a pause, in which they have both looked dreamily at the river. " Curious that I am going to my father's house ?" she exclaims wonderingly. "Ah to be sure; I forgot that. I meant that it was curious you should be going to Wales just now. My doctor has ordered me to drink the sulphur wator at a place with an odd name—let me see—Llandrysak, I think it is called." " That is within ten miles of Lochwithian. my father's place. How curious !" "Odd, isn't it?" "Very; but I believe the doctors are beginning to think a good deal of the Llandrysak springs. Herman was sent there for his health three years ago." "And it was by that hazard he met you? Happy man to find a treasure even greater than health! If every sick Numa could discover such an Egeria at the spring he is sent to, water cure would bo your only remedy." " I am sorry to hear you are ill enough to be sent to Llandrysak," says Editha. " III J" ho repoats rather vacantly. " O, it is not absolute illness! Want of tone, the doctors call it; or in other words, a fatal tendency towards old ago. However, I expect the Welsh waters to mako me young again. May I do myself the pleasure of calling on Mr. Morcombe, since I am to bo so near I I have already made his acquaintance, you know, here at a very agreeable dinnerparty." "Ah, I remember you met papa here. I have no doubt he'll be pleased to see vou again," says Editha, with galling indifference ; and then remembering Mr. Lyndhurst's one sublime power, she adds, with more interest " I should like to introduce you to my sister, and for her to hear you play, if possible. She is an invalid, and rarely has the pleasure of hearing good music." " Except when you play to her." "II 0, my powers are very small in that way. I can play just well enough to please and aoothe poor Rath, when there is no better musio to b» had." Evening hu deepened into flight by this time summer stars peeping out of the shadowy summer sky: the lights of Putney shining through the river mists; one lazy boat moving gently with the stream, the oars resting in the ruliocks, the oarsmen singing softly as they drift Mr. Lvndhurst feels that to prolong his visit would be an impertinence. Good-bye, Mrs. Westray; Til go and smoke my cigar in the Wimbledon lanes. At least I won't say good-bye, but au revoir, in the hope of seeing you at Lochwithian." And thus they shake hands and part, and it seems to Hamilton Lyndhurst that he is voluntarily departing out of paradise. Perhaps iu the worst men's minds there is some latent capacity for pure feeling, and in the worst men's lives one love which is not all unholy. Or say rather that through the dark veil that shuts these evil natures from the good man's heaven there flashes an occasional ray of light. They are capable of feeling as tender a rever- ence for virtue as Faust felt beside Gretchen's pillow, and they are capable of sinning as Faust sinned against the woman whose purity can move them to tears. Hamilton Lyndhurst reviews his career that night as he smokes the pipe of contemplation in the Wimbledon lanes, and he tells himself that his life and his character might have been different had he met such a woman as Editha ten years earlier. "I am the kind of man who must be happy at any price," he Bays to himself; " but happiness would have been none the less sweet to me if I had found it in the paths of virtue. Vice in the abstract has no attraction for me. I have admired and pursued worthless women, knowing them worthless ; but I never loved such an one. With me vice has been another name for convenience. Till I saw Westray's wife I never met with a woman worth the sacrifice of matrimony." Despite his sentimental talk with Editha of quiet evenings and the pleasures of solitude, there is nothing rarer in Mr. Lyndhurst's life than loneliness and self-inspection. He lives like a wealthy profligate in imperial Rome, sur- rounded with nis little circle of parasites, flatterers, and flute-players. If he is weary or out of spirits, his mountebanks and josters bring form their treasures of wit and buffoonery for his diversion, his flute-players pipe their sweetest and smile their brightest to beguile him from thought or sadness. Thus he has hardly time to discover that his life is as foolish as it is worthless; that his evil influence upon others whom his wealth corrupts or his selfishness destroys is even less than his evil influence upon himself. Of late the flute-players, parasites, and flatterers have found their lord and patron less amusable than of old. He has changed his bosom friend once in sir months, instead of once in two years. He has given fewer dinners, has not driven his chosen 6et to Viiginia Water once in the season that is just over, and has displayed unmitigated weariness at those banquets at Greenwich and Richmond which have been eaten at hU cost. His team of bays and their attendant grooms have had an easy time of it this year; for, except to put in an appearanoe at Hyde-Park Corner on field days, Mr. Lyndhurst has made little use of his drag. The mail phaeton, with the tall chestnuts, has been altogether idle, Mr. Lyndhurst spending his leisure for the most part in lounging about his Walham-Grcen garden, where there is a spacious shrubbery- surrounded lawn, enriched with three of those fine old cedars which are still to be found in this south-western suburb. Itisagatden as completely hidden ftom the outer world as if it were a clearing in the Australian Bush; and here Hamilton Lvndhurst, stretched at ease upon the velvet sward, in smoking-jacket and slippers, reads the newspapers, or dozes over a French novel on sultry summer mornings, till it is time to dross and repair to the clubs or the City, where he disposes of his afternoon either in gossip or business, winding up with a little dinner at club or restaurant, and finishing bis evening in haunts known to his species, and to no other section of humanity. The flute-players and parasites, perceiving this change in their city Sardanapalus, lay their heads together and hold counsel as to the cause. The parasites opine that their patron has been losing money; lias been hard hit, has come to 'ef in one of those commercial steeple chases r which the riders make a short cut to wealth through other people's fortunes. The flut* players sigh, ana suggest that Mi*. Lyndhurst may have fallen in love. The chief parasite laughs, or in his own vernacular " soreams," at the notion. (To bt continued). " TBKRB are too many women in (he world J sixty thousand more women than men In Massachusetts/'growled the husband. "That is the survival of the fittest," my dear," replied the •rife, 