THE GRAND FEBRUARY SHOW. The Show which opened in the Exhibition Building on Thursday, February 27, was a very successful one, and in respect to the department of colonial industries was far in advance of any thing ever yet seen in Adelaide. It was a joint affair, carried out under the auspices of two Societies— the Royal Agricultural and Horti cultural Society and the Chamber of Manu factures—and the exhibition as a whole re flected great credit on both. A large part oi the Exhibition Building was devoted to the purposes of the Chamber of Manu- tactures, and it became a perfect hive of industry, with many branches of manufacture being actively carried on during the hours at which the public were admitted to the Show. The floricultnral exhibits were displayed in a very fine maiquee, 100 feet by 40 feet, in the centre of the grounds, and the fruits, vegetables, ind farm produce occupied all available space under the verandahs. There was an unusually large display of implements, steam-engines, windmills, pumps, and other appliances for farm iiud station work, and these were of coarse out side the building. There were several carriages shown inside, but the principal portion of these entries had to find space under the stocksheds on the west side of the ground. The interior of the building and the exhibits there had a pretty effect as approashed from the south entrance, where a good general view could be obtained. Close to the door was a email fountain, with the water playing over the heads of a ceuple of children, who protected themselves by an umbrella. Whatever miy besaid as to the incongruity of such statue? being made to carry an umbrella, there were not a few visitors who seemed delighted with the fountain, which was shown by Messrs. J. A. Holden & Co. Near it was the handsome and well-arranged stand of South Australian wines as shown at the Philadelphia Exhibition; beyond it were show cases oE millinery and hats, a few specimens of the fine arts in the way of paintings and photographs, and at the eud of the central avenue were two glittering cases of costly jewellery, one of which was made in the colony at the establishment of Messrs. P. Falk & Co. Other conspicuous objects were the many pyramids of wines and cordials, and the less shapely but perhips equally useful piles of biscuits, jams, soaps, tobacco, and other articles of colonial manufac ture. On the left were the exhibits of woal — one of the most valuable if not most attractive parts of the show ; specimens of furriery, a row of carriages, many models and minor represen tations of colonial industry ; and spices par titioned off and furnislied as dining, drawing, and bed rooms, by Messrs. S. Mayfield & Son. But the eastern side of the building was by far the most interesting department. Here was machinery in 'notion, all worked by a a ten horsepower engine erected outside, and having a shalt running along half the length of the hall. The erjgine was supplied and put up by Messrs. F. Clark & Sons, who had a large lathe and other machines at work. Near them were some of Mr. Dobbie's double-action pumps and an electro-plating machine in motion ; also an oscillating coufectionary-pan, in which comfits were being made by Messrs. Irwin & Miller : besides some smaller machines, all being worked by the one enginp. A short distance awiy from these Messrs. J. A. Holden & Co. were interest ing a crowd of people with the working of au electric peu, after that inventive genius Mr. Ediaon ; aud at the north end of the building there was quite a crush all day, the mysteries of the jewellers' art beiug there revealed by som j employes from the establishment of Me«r.*. P. Falk & Co., under the chirge of Mr. C. Kettig. Here brooches, lockets, and rings were being made from the rough gold, and riamonds and other precious stones were being set in the trinkets, with a facility and degree of accuracy that pleased and surprised all who watched the operations. An adjoining position was occupied by Mr. Waddy and some of his staff, engaged in their business of bookbinding, all the branches being shown from the pasting of the boards to the gilding and the embossing of the letters on the covers. Messrs. J. T. Lewin and Co. had a treadle printing press at work, and near it was a gas engine working a heavy t »r paulin sewing machine belonging to Mr. H. Walter. At the other end of the hall was a small hydraulic eugine. the three kinds of engines— steam, gas, and water — beiu£ shown in motion. The weather being fiue the attendance of visitors was so great that locomotion within the building was a matter of considerable difficulty, though the police did their best to regulate the traffic aud point out the way in which people should go and should not go, where the lions of the show were to be seen. It was estimated that 13,000 persons were present during tbe :Iay, the receipts amounting to £520 3s. 6d. His Excellency Sir William Jervois visited the Exhibition during the afternoon, and was received and conducted round by Mr. S. Davenport, J.P., the Pre sident of the Agricultural Society, and Mr. J. F. Conigrave, J.P., the Secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures. Schrader's Band occupied the usual position and discoursed appropriate music. During the evening the marquee in which the tlowers were shown was lighted with Chinese lanterns. The grounds outside the building presented a stirring scene, with a constant stream of people pouring in at the gates and thronging round each centre of attraction. The ample space afforded by the enclosure gave room for grouping, and there was more comfort to be found in the open air under the clear sky than in the building, where the constant crush pre vented many persons from seeing more than the fashion of a lady's bonnet or the cut of a coit in front, and feeling the print of numberless elbows on all sides. There was much to attract the eye outside. Windmills working indus triouafy at nothmg, but affording food for speculation iu their ingenious coustruction ; implements of various designs and clever con struction, aud other instructive or interesting objects greeted the gaze, while for the sport of the multitude a swingboat aud the variom speculations of itinerant veui!ors of amusing trirlts were on hand. A small crowd found employment in watching an amat-ur imitator of the Davenport Brothers' rope-tying trick extricate Himself from a labyrinth of knotted cord, ingeniously disposed about his person, to the tune of a doleful tin whistle, and for which exhibition he received an equivalent in coppers. For the most part the visitors who had ' done the inside'' found their way to the flower show, where there was more to admire and much to ren'.ember. Below we give full particulars of the several departments of the Show. The grain show was affected by the poor season we have had, and was consequently not «o good as we have seen it at former exhibitions. The Challenge Cup was won for the first time bv Mr. J. H. ADgas, with wheat grown at Hill River. It was a good sample considering the season, and weighed 67 lb. 3\ oz , but this, of course, did not come up to weights recorded previously. The sample was well go: up and of good colour. The cup Ins fallen twi.'e to Mr. C. B. Fi.-dier when hi hid Hill River farm, and Mr. John Kiggs — who now obtained the second priz? — also won it during two years, and would Inve been entitled to retain it bad he got it this year a^ain. His wheat showed markedly the kind of season we have experienced, and only weighed 65 lb. 15 oz. Mr. kiggs is a very successful exhibitor and won first and third awards for 50 bushels of wheat. No second was given, though he hail a third exhibit. Mr. lliggs's collection of grain in the straw, which took a first prize, was not so well got up as we should have wished to see. There were ouly nv« suuoles shown snd these were small For a collection of not less than four varieties of grain in bags a very good sample of Sir. Kiggs's w-m awarded the prize. Mr. John Frame wis the only exhibitor of wheat grown in the hills (12 bushels), and won the first prize with n very burnt-up-lookir/g sample. For wheat grown on the plains in the Maie quantity there were seven entries, Mr. J. Tbyer being the first and second prizetaker, and Mr. J. H. Angas taking a third. Mr. Thyer's were very f*ir samples and well got up. We did uot like the look of the barley that took the prize, the only lot shown. Mr. Allan Bell's white oats, which beat Mr. J. Frame's, were inferior to what we have seen come from the same neighbour hood. The Judges considered Mr. John Frame's Cape oats a good sample though badly got up but on tbe other hand looked upon his .peas as a very fine exhibit, and they were really very well handled. For prairie-grass and ryegrass Mr. Frame also took prizes. Messrs. Rake and Parsons were the sole exhibitors of mangold wurtzel, and what they showed was very fine. Besides other prizes they obtained the special prize offered by Messrs. E. & W.Hackettfor tbe best collection of fodder roots containing twelve cf each variety. Mr. R. Gobbledick had a prize for a new variety of green fodder. A large number of sections were not fiUed up, but as we have pointed oat the season baa been Terymofh apinst agricultural produce. Any feelings of admiration that may hive been awakened by the prodigal display of oar resources as a producing colony in any other of the departments most have been somewhat softened under the influence of the dairy pro duce show, for it was very humUe indeed. A small portion of the spacious tables running round the verandah on tbe north and east sides of the building bore with ease a little company of fair cheeses, flanked by a few dozen good sized eggs, guarded by a limited number of portly pots of butter, and kept in ' /untenance by some humble hams. TBere wen also sides of bacon, but the whole lot did not uiake a bigger collection than may be seen at leading country Agricultural Society's Shows. The quality of the cheeses was not bad, however, and the butter was better, and the hams although small seemed savoury. Keen competition was not apparent, and few visitors were found lingering long over this quarter, thereby forming a strong contrast to the crowded condition of the part of the verandah close by devoted to fruita. The show of wool was meagre, though what there was of it was good. It teems strange that in a country producing £1,000,000 wortk of wool per annum such a small display should be made, and one so disproportionate to the value of the stpple raised. In the class for the b«st six fleeces of combing Marino wool from rams graz irjg at large on uncultivated lands, Mr. E. W. Pitts, of the Levels, and Mr. John Murray divided the first and second prizes. The Judges thought Mr. Murray's worth more per pound, but Mr. Pitta's exhibit was a good deal the heavier. Mr. Pitta's fleeees averaged 17 lb. 4? oz., and Mr. Murray's 14 lb. 14£ oz. ]for grassfei ewes' fleeces Mr. E. W. Pitts took the first prize with six fine fleeces averaging 13 lb. 4 oz. Mr. Murray's second prize lot averaged 10 lb. 13Joz., and Sir. Joseph Keynes carried off the third prize. Mr. Pitts was alone in exhibiting six fleeces from artificially fed sheep. The fleeces were splendid and averaged IS lb. 2 oz. per fleece, the heaviest ever shown here. There were no exhibits in the long-wool classes, Mr Gebhardt, the only person entering, being too late with his wool, which was of very good quality. Mr. Price Maurice took both first and second prizes for three mohair fleeces. We think it would be an improvement if these skins were exhibited washed at future Shows ; they would look very much better than they can possibly look in the grease. We noticed some mats shown by Mr. C. Sabiue made from these skins and they presented a very nice appearance. In describing the very great variety of exhibits within the building we shall speak first of the art collection, which contained a few fine paintings aud some splendid photo graphs, but was neither large nor remarkably excellent. There was quite a host of portraits of His Excellency the Governor, done in oil colours or by the photographer, and oue of these painted by Mr. C. H. Manning was regarded by the Judges as the best in the room. It is the one ia which Sir William Jervois is represented in the dress of an ordinary citizen. Mr. S. Solomon exhibited some very lifelike paintings, two of which may be regarded as ranking next to the one 'just mentioned. The same artist showed some exquisite coloured photographs of children, two or three of them being little gems, though the work of the ofttimes despised camera. Mr. Dobsou secured honourable mention in the same de partment. The bronze medal for the best oil paintings was awarded to Mr. 0. H. Stiother. One of his pictures was a copy of oue of John ston's landscapes, and a good oue, and the other a leally artistic sea view at Port Elliot, looking towards Granite Island. There were some pretty little pencil drawing!). The prize was awarded to Mr. W. R. Ferneley. Mm K*y shoved a very creditable sketch of a bird's nest, with the fledglings just learning to Hy. Mr. G. Biker had some very good crayons, drawn from tbe round. They dtserved the honorary mention they obtained, as drawing from the object has been much neglected. There were t vo studies, said to be from nature, and which were much in the worst style of Chinese perspective, the figures in them being of a very wooden cist. The Melbourne Photographic Company showed some very fine photographs of scenes at Port Elliot, which obtained the bronze medil for their undoubted excellence, although the artist had made a slight mistake in making the sun rise and set in the same quarter of the heaven*. This proved that the skies must have been put in afterwards. The same company had also a door containing several very fiue transparent views, the larger ODes representing the Torrens Weir and a viejw of the old gumtree ou the Payneham- road. Arranged near tbe pictures were a very mis cellaneous lot of small exhibits iu leatherwork, sepia, wool, lace, and other things interesting to the fair sex. Some of these were very pretty. One of the most remarkable, though a very smill exhibit, was a beautifully made and beaded pin cushion, wrought by a little girl only six years of age, Elizabeth Berty. This the Judges said ' deserved special notice.' The same may be said of some work by an elder Miss Berty, and of some fretwork brackets by Willie Tucker, a boy teu years of age. Miss E. Belcher received first prize for the most artistic design, her exhibit being a chess-table, tbe top of which was made of woolwork and satin, and was very tastefully worked out. The second prize in the same department was given to Miss Belcher for a chair of beautiful design. Miss Annie Burton showed a very pretty woolwork chair, and for her design in leather work— a very effective one, with an emu egg in the centre — she re ceived a bronze medal. Miss A. Haylock received a similar honour for a fine large leather-work frame, and that of Miss Agnes H. Chapman was little behind it in merit. Mr. C. Matte showed some hand some inlaid tables; Mrs. E. M. Ferryman an interesting marine clock for striking ships' bells ; and Mr. W. H. Passmore a fiue case of Canadian birds. Mr. West-Erskine displayed a model of his scheme for a floating breakwater, the specialty in con nection therewith being the chains which depend from the wood or iron on the surtace and so breafc the force of the swell below. He also showed a model of a room-cooler, the apparatus consisting of a sheet of canvas, to be placed in a window aud kept constantly saturated. It is worked by clockwork. The canvas is kept revolving round pulleys, and fhtre being a supply of water in a small well below the canvas is kept damp, and the air passing through it is of course reduced in temperature. Near these exhibits were so-ne cabinet orpars sho*rn by Mr. KaufTuiinn, possessing all the latest improvements, even to the coupling of the keys in the sime style as iu thelnrger organs. Another article which attracted some attention was shown by Mr. T. N. Hardy. It wag a model fence, in which tiees are used a- posts, the fencing wires being fastened to them by means of eye-screws. The screws can be taken out of the trees when the growth of the latter necessitates this being done, and they can be inserted again as much lower down the trunk as required. This can be done with a very small expenditure of time or money. 3Ir. J. Richards obtained a prize for some creditable carving in stone. Frazer & Hughes got a silver medal for some tine painting and gilding on glass. Mr. J. O. D.niiel exhibited some handsome enamelled slate mantelpieces : r.ud Mr. K. Hutchinsoa was stu-iessful as an exhibitor of brass castings. In another part of the room Duncan k Frazer showed a tramcar oiaue in their ftctory, and for which they obtained a silver medal. It will tiodonbt be a very useful coicb, b t the wood work seems heavier in colour than that used in the imported cars, and this militates against the appearance of the colonial-made article. In describing the machinery department we shall .'peak first of the exhibits within the building. Here Francis Clark & Sons were the largest exhibitors. Most conspicuous among their machiueswasalargelathe.having 12-inch centres at d a'24-feetbed,and weighing two or three tous. During the day it was used for turning small shafting to be erected in Mr. Oolton's new store at Port Adelaide. Messrs. Clark ?$: Son also showed several engines — most of which, how ever, were outside — aud a host of engineers' and blacksmiths' tools, woodwork machinery, and pnmpa of many varieties and suitable for irriga tion arjd station purposes. Several of fhe machines were iu motion during the after noon, and they were the centre of interested groups. Messrs. A. t J. Dobbie's exhibits were an intcrtwting show in themselves, aud fully bore cut the reputation obtained by the firm. Among the newest ideas adopted from the laud of strange invention* is the electronickel ing process, which' is said to be quite popular do* in the United States. Indeed, as Mr. Dobbie rather poetically said, 'America now glitters with nickel.' And he seems deter mined that South Australia shall share in the glitter. Accordingly that firm showed many iron and brass articles electro-nickeled and electro-silvered. »nd they exhibited an electro plating machine in motion. To show how the old order yielded and gave place to the new— as Aladdin's old lamp was changed for a new one — Messrs. Dobbie showed an old cruet-stand with the electroplate worn off by long service, and another one with its second coat on, looking very rich as compared with its neighbour. The electro-nickeling, which is done in a similar way to electro-plating, is a much cheaper pro cess, and the nickel is said to be far more durable and to keep its colour better thin the silver. It i* likely to be largely used for band nils in trains and tramcars, and is already employed for a thousand every -day purposes in America. When tbe electro-plating machine was at work the visitors to this part of the Inhibition had tbe opportunity of witnessing the process, tbe bath in which the solution of cyanide of silver was placed having glass sides, through which the silver could be seen lewing the one pole and going on to tb-? article re quiring to be coated. Messrs. Dobbie showed a lathe for brass turnings (in motion), a portable engine (Baxter's patent, with the cylinder inside the boiler for economic reasons), some sewing machines, and a best of guns, tools, and castings. They also showed at work two of their patent oscillating purbps, which have now become very popular in various parts of the colony on account of the cheap rate at which water can be raised by their aid. Mr. Dobbie assured us that one man with one of these pumps could raise 1,000 gallons a day regularly from a depth of fifteen feet, and that one of them, which he sold some time ago, has ever since obtained the water for 12,000 sheep. Mr. A. O. Chambers exhibited many interest ing novelties from Yankeeland, and three varieties of his patent washing machines. As he placed one of these in the first order of im portance, we shall speak of it first. It was the ' Perfect Cure,' and is said to be the antidote to the great bane of most householders— the washing day. Its simplicity is wonderful. It is a mere oscillating box, and can be worked by a child, and yet its virtues are slid to be so great that the clothes are washed in next to no time. The 'Common Sense' and 'Eureka' machines are great, but the 'Perfect Cure' 'caps' all. These machines, and some large blacksmiths' bellows, are manufactured by Mr. Chambers. The rest of his exhibits arc im ported from the bind of 'patents'small and great. Kerosine is cheap in America, and so a native genius has inventedand patented kerosine stoves, which, though small and portable, are so com prehensive that their ' outfit' includes separate apparatus fer baking, broiling, toasting, and even heating flatirous on. These stoves are many sizes— from a few shillings in price to a few pounds. On the same stand was a useful convertible chair for a child to sit upon at table or to ride along upon on wheels. When used as an ordinary chair the child would be on the evel of an ordinary table ; when in the ' loco motive' frame he would be quite near the ground, running ou four wheels, which are attached to the legs of the chair. Among the other novelties shown by Mr. Chambers were an ingenious little machine for fretwork ; the same apparatus, including a small s»w, a cir cular one, aud a lathe; a very useful emery wheel of new style for sharpening mowing machines ; glass eggbeaters, and domestic mea sures for measuring flour and sugar, all in oue ; and a contrivance for mixing bread iu an ordi nary bowl without the human hands being required to touch the flour or other ingredients of the dough. Mr. A Fischer showed his Star wsshing machine, which was recently described in these columns, and also his circulating flue boiler. Both these were objects of special interest. Messrs. W. & T. Rhodes showed a new latent washing machine — Wolter &. Echberg's patent. In this machine compressed air is ' the sole agent in the cleansing process,' tha weight of the water forcing the air through the clothes, and thus cleansing them rapidly. This new machine is said to be going to work wonders even when compared to other well-known washing machines. At the Show it was worked by a Victorian washerwoman specially brought over for the purpose. Messrs. J. A. Holden k Co. had an exoel'eut collection of saddlery and scales of many kinds «ud the fountain already described. Among their harness we were shown a lidy's side saddle wiih an ingenious contrivance whereby the inside of the stirrup would drop out should the rider h*ve the misfortune to be thrown from her horse. By this means any injury from being dragged after the horse — foot iu stirrup — would be prevented. Among some superior harness shown was some wiih iudiarubbor aud gilt mountings, the iudiarubber buckles beiug more durable than leather. There were also some indiarubber bits for horses. Messrs. Holden showed quite a large variety of Howe's patent scales, some of them with a separate beam for taking the tare, and one of them being an army scale— a portable affair, suitable for active camp life. They also sent iu for ex hibition some patent ; perforated veneer- work seats for railway carriages and some deal schcol desks of the latest and most approved type. Mr. J. J. Green showed a wax thread sewing machine at work ou heavy saddlers' work and two lighter machines, besides a lot of sole leather in the roush. Iu another part of tbe building he hid a neat little case of boots and uppers, all of which seemed excellently made, while not a few were handsome, including same white satin oties. Messrs. F. & S. Sack sent in a very well-stocked case of guns, rifles, revolvers, sportsmen's knifes, aud other warlike weapons, which might have proved very useful at Jerilderie on a recent memorable occasion ; and behind this case was an enamelled slate mantelpiece aud patent ventilating Cumberland stove, so arranged that the heat is thrown out into the room instead of up the chimney. Among the sportsmen's im plements was a simple little game-carrier, likely to be useful to the successful shot, the legs of the birds ' bagged'' being put through a round aperture at the end of a light wooden frame, the hole being closed up afterwards so that the birds could not drop out again. Mr. T. W. Roach exhibited a meat stand of carved mouldings and brackets in wood. Mr. T. Macdouald had a case of fishing-tackle and a few minor exhibits in the building, but outside was his best advertisement— the fine marquee, 100 feet by 40 feet, in which the flower show was held, and which had been manufactured by him. The faculty, and pro bably some other persons, were interested in a raining sitting-bath shown by the manufacturer, Mr. L. H. Lumb, formerly of Nottingham, but now of this city. The bath resembles an arm chair in shape, snd is fitted up with pipes and perforations in such a way that douches from all directions and on almost any part of the body can be obtained. Messrs. G Phillips & Co.. among their exhibits, showed some very good colonial-made cutlery, which the Judges spoke of as being stroDg and good, but not equal to the imported. Some ingeniously made stoves :»nd cooking apparatus of a very ecmomL-al kind were shown by Mr W. A. Pratt, with a fireguard for preventing the exit of spirks - a precaution apparently needed in these days, when fires are becoming so common One of the most beautiful aud attractive exhibits in the Show was a case of jewellery all n;»nufactnred by Messrs. P. Falk & Co., and shown by them. During Thursday it was the centre of a constant though ever-changing group of persons, and the articles in the case were admired by all who saw them. They were so much admired by Mr. J. W. Davis, the jeweller, who had an adjoining stand, that the whole of the contents of the case were purchased by him before tbe Show opened. The purchase w is a bold one, but no doubt it will prove a good speculation, as many of the articles were un common as well as beautiful. There was quite a galaxy of diamonds and other precious stones set in gold. There were diamond earrings worth about £1 20 a set, and altogether the c*se was said to be worth nearly £3,000. Some of tbe set* were remarkably chaste in design, and all seemed well finished. AnioDg the specialties were brooches and ear rings with inlaid settings, the diamonds having been set in the gold after the trinket was otherwise finished. There was some excellent chasing work — in gold and silver — all the embossing having been done by hind; and there were some silver albert s of coloniil manufacture, Messrs. Falk & Co. having added this branch to their business quite recently, all silver alberts shown at previous exhibitions having been imported. Mr. Davis'* case was a very creditable one, though not so brilliant as the one he afterwards purchased. It, however, contained some interesting novel ties, couspicious among which was an emu-egg cruet-stand, the full stand of small size being inside the egg, which was sur mounted by a small emu in frosted silver. It was both elegant 'and useful. Near it were vases made of the popular eggs, with inlaid ' views' of colonial scenery in frosted silver, snd else where were eggs that had been transformed into claret jugs. The egg, or the shape, or the spirit of tbe emu seemed to be over everything, one of tbe largest articles in the case, a silver claret jug. having the lid made to represent the head and beak of the great Australian bird. A neat little case of bookbinding was shown by Mr. Alfred Waddy, and prominent among the con tents were two very well finished addresi cases, to be presented to His Holiness the Pope— one by the Roman Catholic young men of Adelaide and the other by tbe Catholic children. Quite a fabulous amount of work had been spent on these covers, the ornamentation of one of which had taken no less thin four thousand distinct impressions. They bear suitable' inscriptions in letters of gold. There were several large volumes bound in Mr. Waddy's well-known style. Near this stand Mr. G. Berty exhibited a screen showing the front elevation of a house ventilated by the glass louvre windows and other ventilators of which be is the manufacturer. Outside the windows, part of which opened louvre fashion, were perforated sheets of zinc, through which the air would pus freely, while ^mosquitoes and other insect*, and even dost, are excluded. He also showed a model office window, of semi opaque glass, with a small portion of dear glass in the centre, which, like the ' louvre glasses ' above, can be opened or closed at will. At the north end of tbe building was a fine collection of plaster models and castings, all mule at the establishment of the exhibitor, Mr. J. Wake, Flinders-street. Ooe of the most striking of these was a very large and exceedingly tasteful plaster centrepiece, designed by Mr. W. J. Mix well, whose skill as a carver and designer is well known among the building trades in Adelaide. The whole design is Gothic, with vine enrich ments, and a pure Early English boss. Among the other exhibits from Mr. Wake's were some figures modelled by Mr. Maxwell. The largest of these was a half-length figure of Hercules, intended as a bracket for a bay window. Tbe muscles of the ancient hero were very faithfully reproduced as be strained to support the great weight he is to carry on his massive shoulders. Not the least interesting part of the exhibi tien was that devoted to agricultural machinery and implements. Of late years there has been a demand for labour-saving machinery for farm work, and also for improved implements, and the makers and importers have done what they could to meet it. Messrs. F. Clark k Sons, and Mr. J. Hooker, of Hindley-street, exhibited steam boilers and engines. The style of the former was much superior, we thought, to that of the latter, but then the latter is a colonial manu facture, and a very creditable production. In Mr. Hooker's engine, which was awarded a bronze medal, the top plates of the firebox and shell have a rise of six inches in the centre, and are flanged at one heat in an hydraulic press, and this causes them tj withstand mnch more pressure. Messrs. Clark k Co. exhibited two windmills, one from the Harford Company beiDg also erected by them for Messrs. J. A. Holden and Co. The Messrs. Clark worked an automatic pump. The windmill, which is self-shifting, is made to work an air-force pump, and the air Wing pumped down a pipe into two air chambers, which rise alternately as they fill, has the effect of pumping water, and tbe pump is very effective. Their Enterprise windmill is the kind usually supplied for ordinary work. They also exhibited a treble - action continuoas iiow pump, made for power, and to be used for deep wells. It has beeu introduced by Mr. Horwood, and has been much in demand amongst the squatters and farmers. It is said to raise more water in a given time than any other with the same power, and therefoie must be a very useful pump. Mr. H. K. Laver also exhibited a wiudmill made ou a very good principle, so as to adjust itself to the rate of the wind. Messrs. F. Clark & Sons and Messrs. Forwood, Down, & Co. exhibited apparatus for boring for water, and the former exhibitors had a bore down during the afteruoou. For special tools suited for tube- well boring Mr. Miller, the mechanical foreman at Messrs. Francis Clark k Sons' establishment, was awarded a bronze medal. Several other articles of value to the developer of country were to be seen in Messrs. Francis Clark k Sons' collection. Most nearly approaching it was the collection of Mr. John Buncle, the manufacturer ef agricul tural implements, of Melbourne, who has with various articles of his manufacture taken quite a host of first prizes during the many years he has been in business in Victoria. The principal exhibits of Mr. Buncle were two chaffcutters, one for horsepower and one to be worked by hand. Both were looked upon very favourably by the Judges, the former being awarded a silver medal, as it was considered the best ever imported, and appeared to be a very complete machine. The hitter was also awarded a prize. These were the principal machines on the ground which we have not seen before at Shows, except the lately described wincower. and corn- elevator which was 'sent from Engknd by Mr. J. Boothby, C.5I.G ,'aui exhibited by Mr. Gilbert Boothby. A gener il wheat-harvester, Adelaide stripping imchine'S. reaper and binders, winnowing machines, and hay-elevators were in classes which were judged in action in last December. Messrs. J. Martin and Co. deservedly had the prize for stripping machines, and exhibited two, one being tbe prizetaker, as well as for their system of pre paring a standing crop of wheat for mirket by one or more machines. Mr. J.W. Stott, of Alan Plains, exhibited an excellent machine, nos for competition. Messrs. D. & J. Fowler and J. Colton & Co. exhibited reapers aud binders, and tbe Judges considered that these machines would be very useful in the colony in the preparation of hay in sheaves for the chaffeutrer if some fibrcus substance coHld be used instead of the binding wire, as we believe the wire is likely to be broken up in the chaff, and would of course be injurious to animals swallowiug it. The machine that took tbe prize mowed closer and tied better than tbe other. Messrs. J. Martin & Co. and J. S. Bagshaw k Son com peted for tbe prize for a winnowing machine, the Messrs. Bagshaw again beiug successful with a well-made article. Messrs. A. & J. Dobbie were the only exhibitors of a h*y elevator, which seems to be a useful machine. There was a lirge entry of single-fun ow ploughs but no award was made, as the Judges failed to notice any improvement upon those of former years. They thought Hornby's ploughs not suitable to the colony, consequent on the bodies being fixtures, and would have preferred seeing the implements in work. Messrs. J. G. Ramsay and Co. deservedly received recognition for their double-furrow ploughs out of 19 entries, and Messrs. Mellor Brothers' triple-furrow plough, made so as to be turned into a doable furrow implement without very mnch trouble, had also honourable mention, the Judges liking the arrangement. Of two entries of light one-horse ploughs for vineyard purposes, Messrs. Pad man & Co.'s was adjudged the best, but it was suggested that the beam might be advantageously strengthened. There were four scarifiers entered, but the collection did not show much improvement on those we hive seen before. Mr. J. W. Stott's was considered the best, and pronounced a ' simple and effective machine.' Messrs. Padman k Co. were the successful exhibitors of harrows, that which they showed being well made and capable of covering a good breadth of ground. No awards were made iu reference to a chain-harrow, stump extractor, or eoruscreeu, as it was not thought that any improvement was shown in these classes. There were five broadcast stedsowers, and Messrs. A. & J. DobMe were awarded a bronze medal for an exhibit similar to that brought from America by them. Four entries were received for wire or iron fencing set up not less thsu fifty feet in length. Messrs. A. Burnell and Co's, which was made of honp-iron over wire, was considered by the Judges good for sheep. A spiked wire fence which wu one of the exhibits, they thought dangerous. Messrs. Mellor Brothers entered two heavy wagons, and some of the Judges gave their opinion that the spokes iu heavy wagons should be driven and not shouldered. We draw attention to the remarks of the Judges in this section which appear iu the prize-list in reference to some of the articles exhibited. They recommended that Mr. J. W. Stott, of Alma Plains, have a bronze medal for a six- furrow plough. They bad not seen the hav stacker by 0. Bake at work, and therefore could not form an opinion of its utility. We are told, however, by those who have seen it work that it answers the purpose well. Articles edible and drinkable were to be seen in many directions. Messrs. Calder & Bilfour, who were awarded a silver medal ex exhibited near the southern door of the hall a sample of their products got up in the usual tins and tastefully labelled. We noticed amongst these cracknel], arrowroot, digestive, bush, milk, pearl, nicnac, picnic, thin captains, Abernetby, lunch, Albert, small wafer, non pareil, and mixed biscuits. The Aerated Bread Company had a place in the same portion of the building, and exhibited about the same number of descriptions of their manufacture, also shown to the public in a garb which was pleasing to the eye. On the western side of the Aerated Bread Company's pile we noticed a quantity of the now well-known Glen Ewin jam, which also received a silver medal, some packed and some opened. Some of it, as well as some of the biscuits, found a place on the stand tastefully arranged near by, principally occupied by sample wines from the Chamber of Manufactures, dried fruits, wax flowers, and such articles. At the other end of the hall the makers of confectionary, a manufacture that has made rapid strides here of late years, were allotted their space. The principal display seemed to be that of Mr. H. Harford, taken of a bronze medal, whose esta blishment is in Mill-street, in what used to be the Crown Mill. His assortment of con fectionery was very extensive, containing all kinds. Some imitation flowers we thought very nice, as were the various articles which he had in French work. The conversation lollies appeared to be as good as any we see imported. Pictures done in sugars were in the collection, but we were not impressed by their beauty, proving as they did that a man may be an excellent confectioner and a very poor scenic artist. Messrs. Irwin & Miller's collection was also an extensive one, and besides the various lollies shown in cases which might be placed in a window or in boxes they had stick lollies in great variety. Messrs. F. J. Beck & Co. were the exhibitors of some dried fruits of various kinds which were consigned to them from Cali fornia, dried by the Alden prreem, which has been practised there with much success. Fruits of several kinds and potatoes were in the collection, made up in small patent pasteboard boxes, which close easily and stand packing. Some of tbe fruit lasted and appeared to be in excellent condition. It is intended to introduce the working of the preserving process here. We believe that there are 300 fruit-drying factories in the United States. In the department of dried fruits there were three entries for com- petition, and Mr. Thomas B. Robson for raisins - and currants received a silver medal. A stand of various kinds of cordials was to bs - seen not far from the last-mentioned exhibits. : It contained the cordials produced at tbe Crown ! Cordial Factory — Messrs. Amsbergi Mitchell, andCo.'s,Grenfell-atreet. Messrs. Hall & Sons ; also had a stand with cordials tastefully ' arranged upon it, and Mr. B. Seppelt, of Seppeltsfield, was represented in the same way. Mr. Hardy's wines, though not a great variety ef them, were shown on one of the tables near : the southern entrance along with two exhibits ! of bottled beer. The Adelaide Cordial Factory j (Messrs, Stephen k Co.'s) were Jupon a stand j in the nertbern end of the hall and were the only exhibitors for competition. A sample of schnapps was* shown by Messrs. Feldheins, Jacobs, & Co., for Mr. H. J. Hart, of Melbourne. Messrs. A. M. Bickford k Sons exhibited. The two manufacturers of tobacco here, Messrs. Feldheim, Jacobs, & Co., and R. Dixson and Co., had their space in the southern end. Messrs. £. Dixson & Co. had arranged their samples in an imposing manner at the right hand side of the southern door, and the other firm had the products of their establishment in a very handsome case, which attracted a good deal of attention. In addition to various kinds of tobacco, Messrs. Feldbeim, Jacobs, k Co. bad on view samples of rope and cordage manufactured by Douaghy, of Geeloog, Victoria, whi- h appeared to be a superior article. We did not, however, notice a sample of this article from our local manufacturers. After some difficulty the Judges awarded Messrs. R. Dixson and Co. a bronze medal for black plug tobacco manufactured from foreign leaf, and Messrs. Feldheim, Jacobs, & Co. received a silver medal for tobacco pressed in any shape. The exhibitors of clothing seemed to have pitched their tents in this direction, some very nice cases, 'showing what could be done in Adelaide in the production of dress, being on view. Mr. George P. Doolette had one glass case filled with shirts and such things, while another was devoted to the display of hats, travelling bags, dressing cases, aud other articles of that class. Next came two cases from Messrs. Hay k Co.'s establishment, containing a uumter of articles of the ladies' toilet made in a most tasteful way. The first contained an evening dress, which struck us as being in excellent taste as to colours; also a pretty travelling dress and a beautiful reception costume. Headdresses of several descriptions bung within, and samples of ribbons which the admirers of gay colours would gloat over were also of the collection. A silver medal was awarded to the case. Tbe second case of Messrs. Hay k Co. was devoted to ladies' and children's outfitting. We were surprised at the small number of exhibitors in this class. Mr. S. Lawrence, furrier, of Kuudle-stre^t, made an extensive display with fur goods of various kinds manufactured by him from skins, principally of native animals, and obtained a bronze medal. There were in the collection opossum- skin rugs and muffs, hearthrugs aud mats of mixed skins, such as those of the diugo. wild cit, opossum, and wallaby; wallaby and kangaroo rugs, muffs made from birdnkins, including those of the emu, au.l lambskino, footwarmers manufactured of the skin of the opotsuin, and numerous other ar ticles. The display of road vehicles was very poar at the Sbow, but oue or two of the machiuus were well made. Messrs. Peters k Fuller, Moreouibe aud Clarke, A. Kruger, and W. H. ltirn were the exhibitors. We thick there would have been a larger display with more spice. F*r , painting and gilding on glass Messrs. Frazer aud Hughes got a silver medal. There was a very fair show of soap. Messrs. W. H. Burford k Son took up a good deal of tbe space with some good samples of both soap I and candles, in the manufacture of which very marked improvement has been made during the last year or two. They had glycerine soapon view of a very superior description, which won a silver medal, and their first-quality common soap was also a very good article. The Judges spoke well of it. Mr. Walker exhibited a box of common soap and a very large block weighing 8 cwt. Some fine samples of sperm were on the same table from the manufactory of Sir. Johu Tidmarsh. Mr. Tidraarsh won a silver medal for stearine candles, and Messrs. Burford & Sous a bronze medal. In the furniture line Messrs. Mayfield & Sons produced what was somewhat novel, and would have been a very good feature of the Show with better facilities. For furniture they re ceived a silver medal, and a bronze tnedal for carpets, &c.; They had three apartments partitioned off, with the exception of the outer side for the spectators. One was fur nished as a drawing-room, a second as a dining room, and a third as a bedroom. The first was fitted up with furniture in the early English style — the framework of which had been im ported, the upholstery work beiug executed here. The dining-room bad substantial morocco-seated chairs and sofa made at Messrs. Mayfield aud Sons' own establishment, and the light wood articles in the bedroom were also manufactured here, the elegant bedstead only beiug imported. Mr. J. O. Daniel exhibited a number of mantel pieces of slate enamelled. The flowerwork aud the imitation marblework was hand-painted, and presented a very nice appearance. One of the mantelpieces is a novelty, being terracotta work enamelled. Messrs. Benbow k Brook and Mr. O. E. Tannert exhibited in this class. Messrs. Simpson k Sons were the exhibitors of a number of colonial-made bedsteads of various kinds and qualities similar to what we ha»e_ seen at the Show this time last year. They received a silver medal. Mr. A. O. Chambers had a handsome escretoire ou view, a very convenient piece of furniture for a bank parlour or high-class oftice, whieh won him a bronze medal. A-ople space isgivtuiu it for writing, aud tbe shutter which comes down over the desk portion, on an Anerirau principle, 'ocksall the drawers except those inside for particular documents, for which there are separate keys. A larye oue fitted up for two persons, and containing a good many j convenient-*!', was shown by the Messrs. Benbow. We noticed in this neighbourhood some wry serv5ceable-looking basketwork aud furniture made of cane, for which Mr. O. E. TaiiEert re ceived a bronze medal, aud J. Marchant and Son honourable mention. Messrs. I Beaglehole & Johnston obtained a bronze medal for a sample of malt, aud Mr. E. J. Mears exhibited a sample of self- raining flour. Gipgerbeer and lemonade powders were also exhibited by the latter. Mr. T. Hardy's almonds were considered of good quality. Mr. C. Sabine exhibited bee bivrs, which were well thought of. There were three entries of sauces, but none considered worthy of an award. Some iron castings were exhibited iu the yard and received honourable mention. Wtre the dark days of heathendom returned that universal burden- bearer tbe weather would certainly be deified under some dintiuctive title as a genius all-powerful for good or evil, for all classes of the community taking pleasure in outdoor productions lay their failures at its feet. In floriculture, for example, the ' wagaries' of the weather are largely quoted as bearing upon the paucity of exhibits at the Flower Sbow and the appearance of the plants. Even competition is supposed to be influenced by a dull day. as if florists could not send their best, bad though they may be, and take their chance. The show of flowers on Thursday was on all hands pro nouBced to be good ' considering the season :' and where it was indifferent in any particular class that iBevitable bugbear the weather bore the brunt of the supposed failure. .'Sut not withstanding the 'dismals'' with which some exhibitors seemed to be affected, the floricnl tural department was well represented, and tbtre were some really splendid specimens of careful cultivation. An excellent plan had been adopted of assigning to this very attrac tive part of the exhibition a spacious marquee erected in the enclosure »n the north-west of the Exhibition Buildiog, away from the crush and dost That this was appreciated by the exhibitors acd felt by the flowers.was self-evident. M*ny delicate plants suffer much by the sudden removal to the close heated atmosphere of a public roem, even though as large as our spacious Town Hall ; bat in tbe large, airy, well lighted teut referred to there was not a drooping flower to be s»i-n. Moreover, the visitors had ample space for promenading and admiring at their ease, the exhibits being arranged on long stands running from end to end of the marquee. Overhead were .hung variegated Chinese lanterns, the soft many-hued radiance from which increased the beauty of the scene.1 ? Beginning with tbe new and rare, there was much to admire in the beautiful foliage, quaint forms, and graceful appearance of these exhibits. Here it-was remarked that the Show ?w»s far better than last season's, ' after the weather we have ha j,*' of course. Among the more noticeable of many remarkable plans was the Artocarpns cannoti— a v*ry fine specimen indeed; wveral rich-Jtavcd crotous-some of the fiijt'»t of indoor otnamiutUv. Of outdoor plants oue quite new variety ww a £ne yucca and a lovely Eulaiis jiponici, rr mniksble {or its long strangely striped kavi*. An rarhid, Peresteria data, vulgarly knovn »» the Holy Ghost plant, on account of a poetic*] idea that its elegant white waiy-lookiog flowers take trie i-nape of a dove, was a great attraction to the curioos. There wax great competition iu tbe direction of table-decoration plants, of «hkh a fine lot were on view; Among these » Cnladintn argyrite*. with a delicate green leaf curiously flecked with white, was i hietij rotice able. Many lovers of natural beauty lingered over a magnificent Adiatum gracillenm, or maiden hair fern, which looked lovely with its tiny leaves of brilliant green and hairlike «tenui gently quivering at the slightest movement of the atmosphere. Another feru with a broader but no less lovely leaf, an Adiatum farhenti, was equally a favourite. All the coniferous plants were good and fair to look upon. Tbe ornamental plants were indeed a grand lot— one with an immense leaf and equally^ for midable name lAnthurimn mugnin-nm) was especially fine. An AuralU, with its peculiar digited leaves, was an excellent specimen. The variegated leave* of Maranta veitchii made a pretty «how. Of the hardy ornamentals there whs adazzling display, and' ferns of every variety permitted by 'the weather' had a prominent place. There was « plentiful muster of culadiums, and some good average basket- plants of many kiuds. Plants in pot and blojm were well repre sented, but the competition was not gruat, ou account of the season, so it was eaid. Si* fine cockscombs drew special attention from th«* brilliant colour of the magnificent flowers upon them. The fuchsias were rather poor and there was no competition in pelargoniums. The rich Fcented Stephauolis was conspicuous by its per fume, and there were several other beautiful blossoms abundantly represented. Of cut tlowers there was a nice selection, and one of tbe verbenas— the ' Mayor of Geelong' — had many admirers. A Northern Territory plant, bearing the burden of such a name a» Thascolus carcala, belonging to the beau tribe, was a curiosity. Tbe clusters and shrubs were first-rate, but roses were poorly represented and there was a great rivalry iu verbenas. There were also some fiue zinnias, dahlias, and petunias. For the season the zonale pelargoniums were fair and the peutstemons were middling. There were not many bouquets, but those shown were arranged with much t»ste in the selection of colours. As a matter of course Dr. S.homburgk'* con tribution of plants formed a crowning beauty to the Show, and they comprised many new and rare sorts. One of a nice class of ornamental tropical plants was the Dracona goldieana, remarkable for its brilliiut striped leaves. A variegated plant, labouring under the weight oi such a name as Dieffeubachia braziliensis, aud an Artanthe magnifies, made a gorgeous display with their rich dark glossy leaves. A peculiarly spiked flowered plant, kuowu as the Billbrrgii, was very handsome. Over against these harm less beauties of nature was a dreadful array of the most poisonous plants known— perfect floral Borgias, iu fart— yet looking as meek and humble as the mildest fodder - plaut existing. Oue bore the significant name of Strychnos nux vomisa ; and another w.ia the famous ordcal-tree of Madagascar, a tender looking, dark -green leaved, graceful pUut, with the ugly name of Tanghinia venoniflu*. one seed of which is said to be sufficient to kill twenty pr ople — the came seem* enough tor one man. The world-renowned upaa-tree (Antiaris toii caria) also had its representative in a hiroilem enough-looking specimen, but, like a suakc, with all ittt veuom concealed. In strange contrast to these dreadful poiwners was set- a sample of the new fodder plaut of South America (Keaiia luxuriana). a fiue foliaged, succulent-look ing article with widu spreadiug, long, narrow leaves. Kext to this was a strange affair, exactly like a huge, wriggling serpent, aud appropriately called 'he suake cucumber (Trichosarthcs columbina), from China. There were also several Mtnplos of tobacco leaves. Walking through the floral marquee and viewing the displiy as a whole, a most favourable judgment may be pronounced npou the flower show sud the arrangements connected with it. The idea of the tent, which measures about 100 feet by 40 feet, is an excel lent one, »Dd should not be lost sight of when larger tloricultural exhibitions are being set ou foot. There has been great lamentation among ihe fruitgrowers over the badness of the 8ea«ou, and certainly some of the sumplesof products in thin w»y brought to our doors are not sach a* xtv should be inclined to build our colonial credit npon. The show of fruits of various cUsses on Thursday was, however, very encouragm;:, the grapes being especially fine. Some of the bunches were enormous, and fit for a i-aragrapli in the typical 'big gooseberry' style. Ther* were many varieties of grapes grown to perfec tion—rich, round, luscious, and fresh They occupied a large space, and were only rivalled in number and appearance by the pears and apples. These fruits comprised tempting specimens, «.nd seemed to have suffered little by thr- hard season. Oranges were of course in the minority, being out of time, but plums, damions, aud such-like luauriea weTe pretty plentiful. The figs were fine, but few, and the melons were moderate. In other fruits the dis play was more or less good, some varieties liaidly in season of course being in the back ground, but there was a first-rate all-round show in Section F. There is mnch to be said of the trials growers of fruit as well as vegetables, viz., the market gardeners, have undergone, becauae not only has the season been to a great extent unpropitiouc, but bush fires have destroyed or damaged some good gardens, causing the loss of much produce. It is to be hoped that better times are coming, ar.d then we may h«ve com petition as keen as can be, find exhibits worthy of the reputation our soil bears for frnitfulueM. This branch of the exhibition was a pleading example of what can be done in the way of raising produrp. The variety of vegetables wax great, and the competition in many classes encouraging. The cabbages, carrots, and cauli flowers were remarkably fine, but the latter wtre cot so nuirerous. There were some excel lent parsnips, rhubarb plnuts, peas, beans, and also a fair lot of salad vegetables iu one ]-vt, and the pumpkin tribe was well represented. Some of tbe cucumWs were large, and the show of potatoes and onions was very gratifying. A large lot of mangold-wurtzels occupied a spin by themselves, and the whole vegetable display covered half of tho north and west verandah tables. The exhibits ia this department looked very fresh and clean, and were seen t-i much advantage in the position they occupied The following arc the awards : — Sectiok A. — A«nicci.TrnAi. Produce. Judgesfor wheat— Messrs. J.Clark, J.Djwsoii, M. McCallum, T. Atkinson, M.P., K. Patterson. Judges for barley, &c;— Messrs. W. Fergussou, W. Thompson, and J. Duncan. CballeDge cup, £50. J. H. Ang-u, t!7 lb. 3£ oz. per bushel ; J. Uiggs, 65 lb. 15 oz. ptr bu6liel. 'Samples good for the season, but weights not up to previous year.' Thro* entries. Wheat, 50 but-hels oa the ground, £5, J. RiggB, 05 lb. 7A oz per bushel; £1 10«., J. lliggs, 64 lb. 7i oz. per bushel. Two entries. Collection of grain in the straw, correctly named, the sheaf to be four inches in diameter, with sample of grain, £1, J. lliggs. Collection of giain, uot less than four varieties, correctly named, iu bags containing one bushel earb. £1, J. Riggs. Whtat grown on the hills, 12 bushel*, £4, J. Frame, 85 lb. 1 oz. Wheat grown ou the plains, 12 baihels, £1, J. Thyer, 07 lb. 5A oz. per bushel ; £2, J. H. Angas, 67 lb. 6'. 'oz per bushel ; £!, James Tbyer, 66 lb. 8J oz. per bushel. Seven entries. Barley, English (not to include Chevalier), 12 bushels, £2, Clumbers & Blades. 53 lb. 12 oz. per bushel. ' Very good barley, but b»dly cleaned.' Oats, white, 12 bushels, £2, A. Bell, 47 lb. 4 oz. per bushel ; £1, J. Frame. 47 lb. 2 oz. per bushel. Oats, Capp, 12 bushels, £3, J. Frame. ' Badly got up.' Peas, field, 12 bushels, £2, J. Frame. ' Very good.' . Prairie-grass seed, 4 bushels, £1, J. Frame. ' Very good.' Ryegrass Beed 4 bushels, £1,J. Frame. 'Very good.' Green fodder, new variety, '2 cwt., £1, B. Cobbledick. MaDgold-wurtzel, long, 1 dozen, 10*., Bake and Parsons. ' Very gcod ' MaDgold-wurtzel, round or oval, 1 dozen, 10s., Rake & Parsons. Special prize, presented by Messrs. E. k W. Hackett — Boots for fodder, best collection, 12 of each variety, £1, Bake k Parsons. Sfxiios B.— Daibt Phodcce. Jndges — Messrs. H. A. Crawford, J. IL Afford, and Lvons. Butter, salted, three mouths old, 56 lb., £3, Mrs.Callaby; £2, Mrs. Callaby; £1, William Kosworthy. Eleven entries. Cheese, not less than 200 lb., £3, James Wel fare ; £2, W. Guthrie. Four entries. Eggi,hena. new-bid, basket of 24, from one variety of fowL. n0 doable yolki, 10s., Ms. Callaby; 5s., Mn. Callaby. Bacon, six flitches. £2, Mrs. Callaby. Bacon, two flitches, 10s., J. Frame. Hams, six, £2, Mrs. Oallaby. Hams, two, £1, Mis. Callaby'. Sacnox 0.— Wool. Judge*— Merino Combing, Hon. L. Glyde, Messrs. W. H. Taylor, and Caleb Peacock. LoDg-Woolied, E. W. Pitta, John Crozier, and Matthew Bankine. Merino combing wool, six fleeces, shorn from rams that have been grazing at large on unculti rated lands only, John Murray (weight 90| lb.). average per fleece 14 lb. 14 J oz . S65 days' growth; and E. Pitt (103$ weight), average per fleece 17 lb. 4§ cl, 379 days' growth. First and second divided. Jndges' Bemarks. — 'We prefer No. 1 (Mr. Murray's) wool, which is worth more per lb. than No. 2 (Mr. PittB's), bat considering the extra weight per fleece of No. 2, and allowing for the additional fourteen days' growth, we calculate the value to the grower as equil, and therefore recommend that the first and second prizes be divided equally between exhibitors.' Merino combing wool, six fleeces, shorn from ewes that have been grazing at large on unculti vated lands only, £3, E. W. Pitts, 79* lb., average per fleece 13 lb. 4 oz., 379 days' growth— '* Excellent quality, well grown and nieful wool f £2, John Murray, 65 lb., average ptr fleece 10 lb. 13J oz., 365 days' growth— ' Very deeply grown for ewe's wool, more valuable per lb. than No. 3 (Mr. Pitta's exhibit), though fleeces are lighter;' £1. JosephKeynes — ' Not equal to other exhibits, but good wool.' Merino combing wool, six fleeces, shorn from sheep that have been artificially feed, £3, E. W. Pitts, 103$ lb., 18 lb. 2 oz. per fleece. 372 ?lays' growth — 'Very weighty, splendid ex hibit' Mohair, three fleeces, £2, Price Maurice; £1, Price Maurice. Judges' .Remarks. — 'The Judges regret that there was not more competition, though the exhibits are of excellent quality, and much ilifficnlty was experienced in deciding in the first class of this department.' SHCTIOM D.— S-A.. LtdCSTBIBS AND MaNCFAC TCBS3. IHVISIOM A. — AGRICULTURAL MACH1MESY, IHPUOIEHTS, KTC. Judges— Hon. T. Hogartb, Messrs. E. W. Pitt, W. Fergusson, W. Blake, J. Davenport, and J. Clark. General wheat- harvester, tc advantageously reap, tbrefch, and winnow fit for bagging— No. 1, 'William Bowman. ' No prize awarded ; too much wheat left in the chaff. The principle a step in the right direction, but requiring per fecting. This machiue was shown under disad vantages, the gear being out of order.' A system for preparing a standing crop of wheat fit for markst by one or more machines — Ko. 1, J. Martin & Co. (prize). 'A machine on the improved Marshall patent ; well reaped and threshed.' Adelaide Stripping Machine — No. 1, J. Mar tin k Co. (prize). 'A machine on improved Marshall's patent; well reaped and threshed.' No. 2, J. Martin k Co. ' A machine on Mar shall's patent ; nearly equal to No. 1.' No. 3. ' Lost a little wheat and left a few ears stand ing.' 'The Judges were greatly surprised at non-competition in this class at the trial of reapers, &.c.' Keapiugand Binding Machine. — No. 1, D. and .1. Fowler. No. 2. J. Coltou & Co. (prize). ' Mowed closer and bettcr-titd.' ' The Judges considered these machines would bo of great value to the colon; in the preparation of hay in sheaves for the chaff cutttr, the only detriment thereto beiog the binding with wire instead of some fibrous substance. For & damp climate f they must be a great boon.' i Winnowing Machine— No. 1, J. S. Bagshaw j end Sou (prize). 'Made best sample and wasted less at tail of machine.' No. 2, J. Martin and Oo. ' Cleaned most corn, but in the above respects deficient.' Hay-elevator.- No. 1, A. & J. Dobbie. The above machines were shown at work at the Society's Trial of reapers, mowers, and win« nowers, &c;, in December last. Single-furrow plough. No award. 'No improvement on former years. Hornby's ploughs in the Judges' opinion are not so suit able for this colony consequent upon the body teiflg fixed to the ploughs. The Judges con sider that had they see!; them in the 6eld they | would have given their decision with more { satisfaction to themselves. As it is they see no ! great improvement.' Seven entries, by Bro«ru j and Wood and I'adman & Co. j Double- furrow plough, h.m., J. G. Ramsay k j Co. — ** Good plough.' Nineteen entries. j Triple-furrow plough, h.m., Mellor Brothers — 'The arrangement for shifting from double t j triple ploughs deserves recommendation.' One entry. Light one- horse plough, h.m., Padman & Co. — ' Beam might be advantageously strengthened.™ Two entries. Scarifier, h.m , J. W. Stott — ' Simple ami effective machine. This class as a who!«* i-- not an improvement on former years.' Fi.e entries. Harrow, h.m., Padnrin & Co.— 'Good and well made.n Two entries. i Chain harrows. 'No improvement.' Two ' entries. Stump-extractor. ' Xo improvement.' Two entries. Coruscreen. ' No improvement.' Two entries. Portable ^eam-engiue for general f:irtn pur poses. F. Clark k Sons. — ' M*y be good eugisn1, . but not being in work Judges cannot ei pr*»» opinion.' Corncrusher. ' No improvement.'' Four entries. Hand chaffcatttr. 'John Eunrle's exhibit good and well-inade article.' Four entries. Chsffcutler, horsrpower. 'iSunc'es exhitiib :i will-finished and good machine. By far the best imported to this colony, aud well worthy of a silver medal. Kecommemkd bc cordicgly. Some principles in this machiue new to South Australia.' Seven entries. Horseworks. One entry. ' Stronger aid better finish.'' Woolpress. One entry. No remark. Seedsower, bronze medal, A. & J. Dobbie — u Mellor Broths rs* beiog iucomplete i.ha Judges could not award an honourable mention, but tbe. principle of the sower seems an improve ment by regulating the fesding.' Wire or iron fencing, set up, 50 feet. No award. 'No. 1, good useful fence for sheep, &c.; Spike wire very dangerous fence.' Four entries. Wsgon, h.m,, Mellor Brothers— 'No com petition. Some of the Judges consider that in heavy drays, &c;, all spokes should be driven and not shouldered.' Two entries. Not for Competition Exhibits. — 'The plough shown by J. W. Stott (six-furrow) the Judges consider worthy of a bronze medal, but, in their opinion, capable of further improvements, one of which is additional stays. Plough shown by Cameron, if more simple would be an improve ment; at present too complicated. Hid the Judges had an opportunity of seeing these ploughs at work in the field they would hav ? h»d more satisfaction in stating their decisions. Haystacker, by C. Rake— The Judges have not seen it at work, and cannot form an opinion o- its utility for agricultural purposes. Stotfs stripper — Well made and good maehiue. Martiu's stripper — Good machine, and show great improvement on former years.- Hooker** engine — Creditable colonial manufacture, and equal to English. Recommended for bronze medal.' DIVISION B.— SILK, FlBRC-rs SCBSTASCES, AXD TOBACCO. Judges— Messrs. G. Morgan, W. Whyte, and CS. WooiL Tobacco, black twist, negrohead, and other varieties, not less than 1 12 lb., bronze medal. R. Dixson k Co. — ' The Jndges had great diffi culty in judging between Feidheim, Jacobs, and Co. and Dixson k Co., and came to a conclusion that the latter is slightly superior.' Tobacco, black plug, in any shape, not less than 112 lb., hjn., Feidheim k Co.— 'Fair sample of tobacco. Other exhibit (Dixson and Co.) too new, and flavour not considered good.9 Tobacco, aromatic, tortoiseshell or light, not less than 112 lb., silver medal, Feidheim, Jacobs, and Co. — a Of excellent quality and well made.*' Other exhibitor B. Dixson k Co. DITISIOK C. — Tpn iKT3. All works in this division must have been executed in the colony, and will be submitted to a Selection Committee previous to exhibi tion. W Judges— Hon. A. Campbell, Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. A. Abrahams, J. H. Biggs, and F. S. Crawford. Pictures in oil colours, h.m., George Biker (three paintings), seven entries; h.m., Saul Solomon (six portraits); bronze medal, C. H. Strother ,(twe pictures) ; bronze medal, O. H. Manning (five portraits). Pictures 'in water-colon's, b-m.. Miss Fanny White (two pictures). Three entries. Pen-and-ink drawings, bronze medal, W. R. Ferneley. Crayon (chalk, pastel, charcoal), bronze medal, Miss Annie Burton; h,m., Gcorita Biker. Three entries. ° Engraving, etching lithography, h.m., Joshua Payne. One entry. Sculpture (modelling, carving). silver medal, John Wake— 'The collection to which ire hare iwarded the silver medal is by far, the most sreditable exhibition of works of this class ever ihown in the colony, comprising figures, subject*, centre flowers, spandrels, and other irchitectural ornaments. The modelling is of the highest class, and the workmanship perfect. Ehe improvement in the style of preparing and modelling the works of the abate class within the last four or five years is most marked.' Carving is wood, bronzs medal, T. W. Roach. One entry. Works of art not specified, h.m , George Baker; lun.. Miss Kay. Four entries. PHOTOGRAPHS. Portraits from life (untouched), h.m., C. H. Manning. Four exhibitors. Portraits (coloured), bronze medal. Sail Solomon; h.m., J. R. Dobson. One other ex hibitor. Portraits (mezzotint). One entry. No award. Landscapes, bronze medal, Melbourne Photo graphic Company. Two entries. Reproductions, b.m.. Melbourne Photographic Company (transparencies). One other entry. Enlargements (oncoloured). Three entries. No award. Architectural subjects, h.m~, Photographic Company. One other entry. DIVISION D. — APPARATUS AND APPLICATION OF LIBERAL ARTS. Judges of Bookbinding— Messrs. D. Gall, J. Williams, and E. Spiller ; of Scientific Instru ments -Hon. Dr. Campbell, Messrs. Mais, C. Todd, C.M.G., and Smeaton. Telegraphic and telephonic instruments, h.m., A. & J. Dobbie. One entry. Electrotyping, b_m. if exhibited before, but if not bronze medal, A. fc J. Dobbie. Surgical instruments, &&, hm., G. Phillips and Co.—' A fair exhibit of bistouries.' Jewellery and ornaments, silver medal, P. Falk & Co. ; bronze medal, J. W. Davis. Musical instruments, A. Kanffmann. Four entries. No award or remarks. Other scientific instruments, h.m., A. k J. Dobbie. Phonographic instruments, bronze metal, A. and J. Dobbie. Printing, &c;, bronze medal. Barrow k King — ' Good and varied collection of labels, show cards, and artistic printing, well executed, arrauged, and mounted ;' bronze medal, W. G. Roberts — ' Design and execution of monograms, crests, and mottoes good and varied both in style and workmanship.' Bookbinding, bronze medal, Alfred Waddy — ' Creditable exhibits, stylishly finished.' DIVT3I0S E-— FCRirrrUBB A!TD OTHER 08JECT3 FOtt TJSB LX DWHLLIHQ3. Judges for clocks and watches — Same as for scientific issirumenls ; for cutlery, cooking apparatus, ke. — Messrs. Nettlebeck, McMinn, G. Anderson, aad A. W. Dobbie. Clocks and watches, bronze medal, £. M. Perryman. Bronzes, ornamental castings in iron, and other metals, h.m., For wood, Down, k Co. — ' The Judges recommend that in future exhibi tors should send their exhibits uupainted. The effect of the articles now exhibited is marred considerably by their being roughly painted.' Furniture, upholstery, &c;, silver medal, S. Mayfield k Sons (furniture for three rooms) — ' Considered by the Judges first-class in style and workmanship, particularly the dining-room suite, which is of colonial workmanship;' silver medal, A. Simpson & Son (bedsteads)— 'Greatly improved in style since last exhibits, con sidered equal to imported;' bronze medal, A. O. Chambers (office desk) ; h.m., Benbow and Brook (dnchecse toilet tables), O. E. Tannert (suite cf f uruiture in wickerwork). Carpets, tapestry, &c;, bronze medal, S. Miy field k Sous— Tapestry and carpets 'very creditable display.' Window-blinds 'fir3t-class and tasteful iu design.' Ornamental leatbervrork, bronze medal, Miss Annie Barton. Cooking apparatus. One entry — ' Unworthv.'* j Apparatus and processes for heatiog, lighting, or ventilating, bronze medal, G. Berty (venti lators) — ' Design and workmanship excellent.' Galvanized ironware, bronze medal, A. Simp son k Sop — 'The Judges were very much pleased with this new industry being intro duced into the colony, the exhibit being a very extensive one, and the work throughout com paring favourably with imported articles.' Washing machines, h.m , A. O. Chimbers. — ' The Judges give preference to the Eureka.' Two other exhibitors. Cutlery, ic ,. bronze medal, George Phillips and Co. — ' Stroug and good, but not equil in finish to imported articles.' DIVISION F. -C1.OTIILHQ, ISCIXDiaG FABBIC3 A*D OTHER ARTICLKa OF PBilSONAL WBAR. Jadjcit of millinery, &e.; — Mrs. W. J. Craw ford, MrsMahone^, and Mrs. VV. Bwlow; of V-!aiu nttdlewt:rk — Mrs. A Campbell, Mrs. A. T. Msgarey, aud Miss Staine s. MUiiuery. Hay k Uo— 'Very goo-! style. Sevt-rnl very pretty bonueis.'* Kinbioutrry, taucy, i.ice.aud wool work, h :n., Ali-s Auuif li'irton — ' Very good t'st.' ;' h m.. Mi.».s Everani— '' Very pretty aud very nic-ly donf.' Lai!}'* tVri \u£ ceil ball uresrf. vil'.wr not ex ivtdiuz teti u«:^^'«. Hayic Co. — '? Wecotmidr a very !ovr]y diet*, briug a very pretty eoaibiui tion of colcv.r- We award :i silver niedti to the cane c.ju:;.iuing the balldriss.' Oae ex hibitor. Troveili:;.r cc-ituiuc'. not rxcee-iins firt* ^uiistfl.', H*y .'c Co. — ~ Wry pretty, but ttn»go!d unsnititile tor travelling.' Only one exhihit I-Uiij's rt.'uo -*.e riumhro. not exceeding rlv - anii'ta''. Hay i CV-. — '* I£iud.iiaii.*, au.i virf ifrs.Mji abk-.' ?Jaiiiiri-u'a ct-ntumefi, fciils', Uiy i Co. — ' Very nkfiy made frock.' Boys' oostuiuec, Hay a: Co — 'Prt-tty an\ u«ef!il ' fchirts ttnn plain needlework of all itiude, brouze lucdal. V'. 1*. Lkwletto (shirts). Oae other entry. UlVl.»U-N U — A!TARAT'« A.iD PnaCZSaKS I'SSD IN I'd': COMlluS ACTS. Judges r.f castings— Same n* for cit'rry: of wiiuinilii. puoiru:, io- — ile-srs. f-. llavt'iiujr?, T. Wsite. D. li Adam-no, and G. \V. GoyJer ; of c^iriages, tr^uic.irs, He, — Mfs^ra. W. Thow, G. Bnrlw, L JMa-ira:m, nu-! J. Kill ; of hiruess -Lfl s^dulirj — Mrtsrs. ii. Carlow, J. Hill, an-! G. Mulien. MacLinea and tooU for engineers' us?, brouze metial, A. & J. Dobbie (planing machine) ; h.m., F. Cl«k & Pons (collection). Woodworking machine. 2\o award. ' Entries isnportetl machines of ordinary type.' EDgines worked by gis, air, water, »r other motor. Ko award. 'Gds-eLgine old style ' Steam boilers and engines, stationary part able, and locomotive. T*o entries. 'An im ported 'Faigye'of the latest type;' lira, J. Hooker — 'A good 6trong engine, suited for ordinary purposes; workmanship and design not worthy of any special notice.' Castings (inanv metal), bro.nza medal, A. k J. Dobbie. Machines fcr other nses, brosze med il, A. O. Chambers (blacksmith's bellows). Two entries. Models of all kinds, h.m , J. H. Gatea (uew mode fixing O.G. gutter). Cranes, jacks, pulleys, and other hoisting gear. One entry. ''No merit.' Carriages, viz , phaetons, landaus, broughams, sociables, wagoDettes, buoucbes, gigs, dog-cacts, r.iiggies, ic , brcDze medal, Morcombe k Clarke ,'wagonnk' with (latent folding lop); bronze medal, Morccmbe k Clarke (traveller's buggy with lever top) ; h.m.'«, Morcombe & Clarke (doub!e-*eated buggy) ; Morcombe & Clarke (tiotting sulky) ; Morcombe & Clarke (express wagon) ; W. H. Ray (spider buijgy). Cairiagemakers* and wheelwrights* work, v'z. wheels, axlcF, tires, breaks, tools, and materuls One entry. J-o award (imported). Trarccars, silver medal, Duncan k Fraaer. Collection of harness and saddlery, silver medal, J A. Holden 4 Co. — ' Very good collec tion.' Only exhibitor. DrvISIlHf H.— POOD, FRESH OR PHBSBRViO. Judges — Same as for tobacco. Dried fruits, silver medal, T. B. Rotaon — 'Currants very fine and well cured; padding raisins, good sample; muscatels tough, fairly cured, but want fiavoiuv* HFlour and meal, h.m., E. J. Meirs (self-raising flour) — ' The bread made from this appears to te light and wholesale.' Nuts, walnuts, filberts, almonds, h.m.. T. Hardy — ' Quality good.' Jams and jellies, silver medal. George McEwin and Son— 'Jams of fine quality. Ko jellies exhibited.' Beehives, h.m , Clement Sabine. Biscuits, bronze medal, Calder & Balfour— ' A fine exhibit, well got up.' Confectionery, bronze medal, H. Harfo ' — 'Well worthy.' Condiments. One exhibitor. No award ; m worthy. Essences and extracts, h.m., G. J. Means (gingerbeer and lemonade powders). Malt, bronze medal, Beaglehole k Johnston— ' Good sample and colour.' Bmsoir i.— MiscaLtAireoir3. Judges— Messrs. Debney and Selway. Basket, wicker, and plait work, bronze medaL O. £. Tannert ; b_m., J. Marchant & Son — ' Both exhibits are considered by the Judges highly creditable and superior to the generality of those imported.' Stearine, h.m.. J. Tidmarsh — 'A fine exhi bition of sperm ; colour and quality good.' Candles, wax, stearise, and tallow, bronze rredal, W. H. Borford & Sons— 'Good.' One other exhibitor. Soap, plain, fancy, soft, silver medal. W. H. Burferd k Sons;— 'A fine- exhibition of fancy and household soap. Well worthy.' One other exhibitor. divisiom j.— nrv8«mos3. The Jndges for the various ciM9as in this division were Messrs. H. G. Nash, J. Fras jr, 8. Davenport, G. W. Goyder, R. B. Enuckey, V. Whyte, G. Wood, Mais, Hickson, G. Andirsau, D. B. Adamson, L. Grayson, May, Nettle^ecV, Rhodes, Dobbie, Duncan, Gay, H. Fraaer, McMinn, Mrs. A. Campbell, A. T. Magarey, aud Miss Stained. Mechanical appliances, machines, or models, bronze medal, Mrs. Bond (gas-heating iron); h.m.'a, B. Cole (hydraulic organ-blower). W. A. E. West-Erskine (model room-cooler and msdel breakwater), Morcombe k Clark (folding top for wagonette), W. A. Pratt (cooking apparatus). artisans' frizrs. In order to encourage excellence of workman ship prizes will be awarded to South Australian workmen for work executed during the last twelve months in wood, metal, textile fabrics, leather, or other material. Competitors need not be members of the Society, nor will they b; charged any fee for entry of exhibit. Th; exhibit must be the work of the exhibitor. Specimen of forging off the hammer, h.m., G. Cameron, jun. — 'Good ordinary work.' Specimenofenginefitters' work showing skilful manipulation. Two entries. No award. Specimen of iron casting, h.m., W. G. Hay lock ; h.m.. Hall & Morris. Specimen of brass castings, bronze medal, R. Hutchinson ; lun., W. G. Hay lock. Specimen of castings in any metal, bronze mertal, W. G. Haylock. One other entry. Specimen of work in gold, silver, copper, or other metal, bronze medal, L. Lumb (ba'.h) ; b m., W. A. Pratt (brass lantern). Specimen of work in sheet met»l or wire, h.m , W. R. Pratt, octagonal window-frame in zinc — u Workmanship fair.' Specimen of painting, ornamental or other wife, silver inedal, Fraser k Hughes (painting ami gilding en glass); h.m., Miss F.tzpatrictc — 'We cannot recognise exhibits as stained gl«es.' Other entry unworthy. Specimen of woodwork, embracing carving, turuery.carpeutry, joinery, cabinetware.pattern rcaking, or other descriptions of work in wood, £2, CUarles Mitte (two oak inlaid tables) ; £1, A. McEenzie (flowerstand, ornamental wood work). Specimen of carving in stone or modelling iu plaster, clay, or other material, £2, John Richards, jun. — *'The two exhibits evidently being the work of the same band have been classed together and awarded the highest sum allowed, viz., £2, the work, evidently of an amateur, exhibiting great pitienee. We have al--o inspected the bust carved in Manoora stone (not for competition), in which the like ness to the subject (E. Chapman, Esq.) ia well preserved.' Specimen of ornamental leatherwork, bronzi medal. Miss A. Haylock ; h.m , Miss E. Belcher ; h.m., Miss A. H. Chapman. One other exhibitor. Specimen of work in textile fabrics, embrac ing tailorirg, shirtmaking, or any other useful work in materials of this kind, silver medal. Miss Ada Light (point lace, kc.) ; bronze medal, | Miss S. Kay (embroidered handkerchief) ; bronze I medal. Miss Kay (specimen of tatting) ; h.tn.'a. ' Mrs. C. Hall (child's frock). Mrs. Nevile (point I lace), Mrs. Passmore (patchwork qailt), M;s3 Aditmsoo (tea cozy), Mi*s Light (point lace). Ten entries. 'This class of work (patchwork and j quilt) deserves to be encouraged, especially by cottagtrs.' MECHASICAL AMD AECH1TECTURAL D2AWUI03 ASD DBSIGX3. Judges- Messrs. G. T. Light, W. McMinn, G. W. l'ht*. W. Thow, B. Adamson, and F. IHy. First prize only awarded to an original drawing or design. Judges— Architectural. Messrs. G. T. Light, W. McMinn. and Hush Fraser, M.P. ; mechanical, Messrs. May, Thow, D. B. A dams on, and E. W. Pitts. ' Mechanical, £2, S. Quintrell; £1, R. Cameron. Architectural, £3, C. S. Hornabrook ; £3, J. W. Lock wood— ' Horna brook's best specimen of draftsmanship. Lock wood's next best. In consi deration, however, of the latter being an original design and the former a copy, we 'recommend that the total amount of the first and second prizes be divided equally between the compe ; titors as above. No other drawing worthy of ! mention.' \ Artistic designs in ? rmnectiori with the indu« trialart, £4, Miss E. lk-lcher (table trp); £2, Mi=s E. Belcher (chair top). i DIVISION K.— SCHOOLS. i Judges— Mrs. A. Campbell, Mrs. A. T. ! M»garey, and Mits Staines. I The exhibit must be the work of the ex i hibitor. j Plain needlework, 7s. 6d., Miss R. Glover j (-recim€u of darning). I Fancy needlework and embroidery, 7s. 6d., ? 5Ii.*3 Wren (macraiue-lHce); 5s, Eliza Berty, ' agtd five ytar9 (piccnahiou) — ** Deserving of i ipecial notice;'' h.m.. Rose Berty (pincushion, ! ir.). I Woodcarving. fretwork, &c; , £1. Master Willie I Tucker, aged ten years (fretwork)— ' Exceed \ ir?Iy gcod work for a lad of te^ years ' i Drawing, h.m., ilhs Brown ; h.m . Mister j Brown. | DIV13I0X t. i Judges — Sims as for needlework. t Entrance, free. Ihe exhibits tnust be the i work of the exhibitor For competitors under j 21 jeara of nge. j Gctitltrcau's sbirt, to be mswie, washed and I itoucu bv the exhibitor, £1, Miss Kita Barker, I ^fA 12.' Bist six huttorl'olts on linen, h.m, MLss Nita B»r!i«-r— ' It is to be rfgrctted that iu so meful I a class as this there are cot more competitors. I TLe Judges regret pajticalarly that schools should tot Lave ttore l.irgely recogaiied tho f:»ci::ius etltrcd by lliis exhibition for the dtrvelopnjf ct of this industry .' Leaf of boineniade bread, IDs., M:S4 Ella Barker, sged 10. Plain l»3.i!y cske, h.m, Miss Clirx Birker, aged 16 years. I'sinting in tvater-colour from siture. Tivo t titries. 3So awRrd. Obalk or pencil drawing, h.m., Mb* F. A. Hall. Two other exhibitor*. Latk AvrABDS. Windmills, h.m., F. Clark & Soas— 'Ex- ceedingly good aud simple arrangement of wood gear.' Oce other entry. Apparatus for boring for water, brocze medal. F. Clark & Sons — 'The machinery simple and good. The modification of cutters to increase the bore through rock to the diameter of the pipe, and slso the arraiigercem for the with drawal of the cutters without removing the pipes, is very good. For the latter a bronze rsedal is awarded.' Forwood, Down, & Co. h.ns., ordiniry boring apparatus, with special improvement? for withdrawing pipes and broken nxla. In Class 2S0 the Jndgps have modified their awards, and have awarded a silver instead of a brocze medal. In candles the Judges awarded a silver meda! to Tidmarah as well as bio:-z? med^l to Barford. Leather (plain and manufactured), bronze rcedal, J. J. Green— 'On the whole » highly creditable production, the patent shoe and levstt eppers deserving special notice. We coiifider tbeni well Reserving the bronze meilil.' Skins, furs, &c.;, bronze medal, S. Lawrence. The wLc!e cf these exhibits reSect great credit on the exhibitor The imitations are exceeJ ii-glj gnod ; the ocly defeats appear to be a want of ;cftiuss in the f;:r when handltsj, a slight crsciJirj Bci»e showius the defect. The fn-.u skiis.'otLerwwe perfect, have a slightly oiiy tcuvh when exsmiced These defects are. tcwevtr. the only difference from the furs of home rnariuficture. H.m, Price Maurice, aagora skies — *? Extwdh'gly iv-ll cot up.' Tt nt nrd ranvas ruanufictures, h.m , T. Macdou*i!J — ' The teat* sre incomplete and the wattrfcP2s not cf the b.st construction. The msterial is excellent, but prices might hare hfen eitcc with a.'var.tijge to the purchasers. The n»t«-iial snd werkmsnsfeip of the marqnee are rxreilrnt. but a ridgepole or bitten con nect]' g the four poles would have increased stability srd grestly »nded to tiie appearaace.' So!»» leather. J. J. Green: cot for competition — ' Tbe display of sole It- nXhe r, a» a whol?, we ncLfsitstiagly think, for ihe snaiberof sides— about fifty tides — is the best we have seen ' Section E— Fi.ORicri.TCHE. PLANTS If POTS. Judges— Messrs. E. Lane, W. Jodcs, W. Humphries, and A. McDonnell. New or rare, cot previously exhibited, 10?., Gilts & Son ; 5s., C Newman. New or rare, outdoor, not previously t.\hibited, 10s., Gilfs Ic Son; 5s-, C.-Kenmao. Oroarcental, six, for table decoration, l-5s., Giles k Son ; lftk, J. Pierson. Conifers, six, 15s., E. Smith ; IDs , Giles. Ornamental, twelve, £2, C. Newman ; £1, Sir T. Elder. Variegated, six, £1, J. Pierson ; 10s., C. New man. Ornamental, hardy outdoor, twelve, £1 ICs., Giles & Son ; £1, E. Smith. Ferns, six, £1, Giles k Son ; lCs., J. Pierson. Ferns, three, 10&, C. Newman; 53., Sir T. Elder. Fern, one, 5s., Sir T. Elder. Lycopods, three, 10s, G. S. Fowler. Lycopod, one, 5*^, J. Pierson. Oalsdiam, fix, 13s., Giles k Son; 10s., J. Fieaoa. Caladiuto, three, lib, Giles k S-w: 7». SI. j 3irT. Elder. Oaladinm, one, 5s^ Giles k Son. - Plants in basketo, three, 10s. Gilii k Son; S*.. Hon. J Hodgkiss. PUnt in basket, one, 5s . C. Kewrcaa. Judges* Remarks ? **3tK coxcomb* were ex hibited, and the Judges commend tbem, aa I are wiry no prize was afforded for them.' PLASTS IS POT3 ASD W BLOUM. Judges — Same as for plants in pot. New or rare, not previously exhibited, 10a., Hon. G. C. Hawker; 5s- Giles k San. New or rare outdoor, not previously exhibltdJ, 10a , Giles £ Son ; 5* , Giles k Son. Of any kind, six, £l 10*., Sir T. Eider; £1, J. Pierson. Of any kind, three, 15*., Sir T. Eider; 10a.. K Smith. Of any kind, one, 7s. 6d., SirT. Elder. Gloxinia, one, 3a., J. Pierson. Achimenes, six, 13a., E. Smita. Achimenes, tliree, 10s, E. Saiith: 5j, J. Pierson. Achimene, one, 5s., Sir T. Elder. Fuchsias, six, £1, Sir T. Elder. Fuchsias, three. 15s., Sir T. Elder. Fuchsia, one, 7s. 6d., SirT. Elder. Pelargonium, zonale, double, three, 10j., Giles and Son. Climbers, three, 15s., Dr. Wylde. Climber, one, 7s. 6d., Sir T. Elder. . Petunia, double, one, 5a., Bon. J. Hodgkiss. Petunia, single, one, 5s., Hon. .T. Hodgkiss. Judges' Eemarks.— M The Judges are pleased to note the introduction of a marquee for the exhibition of plants, not only on account of the appearance aud novelty, but as being more suitable for the general health of the plants. It is quite evident from the small competition in seme classes the unfavourable season his affected. We recommend a prize should be awarded for six coxcombs, they being of un usual excellence. The habit and culture of ferns in all exhibits are remarkably good and close in competition. We were pleased to see so great an improvement and such keen compe tition in plants for table decoration, seven col lections being exhibited. The wh»le collection of plants deserve especial mention for tkeir general culture. err flowers. Judges— MsFsr :. F. Wood, T. Frsser, G. Phillipd, and R. J. Hibb Jt. New or rare, not previously cx'jilitiiJ, 5s., G. S. Fowler. New or rare, outdoor, no*, previously exhi bited, 5s., Sir T. Elder ; 3s. 6d., O. Newinai. Of any sort, 24, IDs., E. Smith; 10i., Giles and Son. Of any sort, 12, 10s., E. Smith ; 7s. 61., H. B. Hughes. Of any sort, six, 7s. 6d., E. Smith; 5j , Sir T. Elder. Of any sort, three, 5s., E. Smith; 3s. 6d., J. Pierson. Of any so.t. one, 3s. Cd., E. Smith. Bulbous or tuberous, three, 5s., J. Alien ; Sj. 6d.. E. Smith. Bulbous or tuberous, one. 2s. 61., G. S. Fowler. Climbers, six, 7s. t- J , E. 5mith. Climbers, three, 5s., Hon. J. Hadgkiss; 3s. 6d., E. Smitb. Climber. tEe. Zi. 6d., Hon. J. Hod^kiss. Shrubs, 12, 10j., G. S. Fowler; 7i. 6d., H. B. Hughes. Shrubs, six, 7s. 6d., Hon. J. Hod^jl- Us ; 5*., E. Smith. Shrubs, three, 5*., H. B. Hughes; 3*. 6M., Eon J. Hodckiss. Shrub, oue, 3s. 6d., D-. Wylde. Zinnias, six, 7s. 6d., Hon. H. Scott ; 5i.. Han. B. Scott. Zinnias, three, 5s., Hon. H. Scott; 3*. 64., Hon. H. Scott. Zinnia, one, 2?. 6r?., E. Smith. iiosea, twelve, 10d., J. Allen; 7s. Cd., E Smith. Roses, six, 7s. 6d., E. Smith; 5s, H. B. Bujfnes. fcoses, three, 5s., E. Smith ; 3s. 6J., H. B. Hughes. Rose. oce. 3s. &'., J. Allen. Verbenas, twelve. 10s., O. Ziegler; 7i. 8d , H. B. Hughes. Verbenas, s:x, O. Ziegler; 5s.. Sir T. EHer. Verbenas, three, 5s, O. Ziegler; as. 61, Sir T. Elder. Verbena, oce. Ss. 6J-, Gi!es k Son. Dahlias, twelve, 10s., Giles & Son ; 7s. 6J., Gilr s 4c f on. Dahlias, six, Is. 61., Giles k. Bm; 5a., Giles and Son. Dahlias, three, 5*., Giles k Son; Ss. 6M., Giles aud Son. Dahlia, oce, 3s 6d., Giles k Son Petutias, single, six, 5'., J. Allen; ?s. 6J., Giles k Son. Petunias, sicgle, three, Ss. Gl. Hon. J. Hodgkist. Petnuia, single, en?, 2s. 6d., C. Newman. Petunias, double, six, 7s. od., Giles i Sjn; 5s..J.AlleH. Petunia?, double, three, 5*., Gilis k S»n; 3*. 6d., C. Newman. Petunia, double, oce, 3s. CJ., Giles k Son. Pentstemocs, so, §3., J. Mitchell ; 3s. 61., Sir T. Elder. Peufsteicon*, three, Si. Gd., J. Pierson ; 2i. 65., J. Witchel!. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, six, 5i., J. Pif rsou ; 3s 6'd., J. Mitchell. Pelargoniums, zonale, single, thre*. 3s. 6iL, J. Fietsot! ; 2*. 6a., O. Ziegler. Ttlargonium, zouale, single, one, 23. 6i, O. 1'iJargf ninr. p. zor.--le, dcu'ol^, fix, 5'., O ZSegler ; Ss. Ci. J. Mitchell. i I'sk-rgcr iun;s, zonale, double, thr. e, 3j. 6i., J | Pie: son ; 2*. 6d , O. Ziegler. ! IVleruoLJuuiij, zouale, double, one, 2s. GJ., O Zifgfer. ! Gladioli, sis, 's. GJ., W. Mugge; 5*-, W. | 'Gladioli, three, 5s., W. Mugge; 3s. 61, W. ; Sit- vge. }' G !adic'u«. one, 3*. 63., W. Mugge. ! Liauthus. any variety, three, 5j^ 0. Ziegler ; i S«. Gd., O. Ziegier. | Bisnthuj, ai'.y variety, one, 3«. 6d., J. Al;#n. I 1'hlcx, ptrccnial, six, 7s. 6d , Giles & Son. j Fhiox, perennial, three, 5s , Giles k Son ; i Ss. 6-3., Giles £ Son. Phlox dnimtr.onuii, six, 5s., H. B. Hughes; i 3?. 6d., A. W. Dolbie. I Phlox drunimondii, three, 3s. 61, H. B. j Hughes ; 2s. 01, A. W. Dobbie. I Floral desiED, £1. E. Smith ; 15s , E. Smith. j Basket of rlowcrs, 15s., G. S. Fowler ; 10s., O. : iMegler. j Bouqcet for table, 15s, O. Ziegler; 10s., ! Giles k Son : 7s. 6d., J. Allen. ; Bccquet for hand, 10s.. Giles k Son ; 7s. Gel., | Gilts & Son ; 5s , Giles k Son. Buttonhole bouquet, 5s., Giles k Son ; 3s. Gd., A. W. Dobbie; 2s. 6d., Dr. Wylde. Ilouquet of evf rlasting Sowers in their natural j state, 7s 6d.. Dr. Wylde. I -Judges' Eemarks. — ' The show on the whole is quite as well as can be expected, considering the dry ffascn. The Judges would call the sMettiou of isbiHtors to being more particular iu Lsirisg their exhibits.' Section F.— Fritts. Jsdfrs-Mi-ssre. T. Hsr.ly, J. CobWedick, J. Ccrccw, J. F. Pascoe, and Hon. T. Plsyford. Fruits, collection of. £i 4*. R. D. Ko« ; f freed prize, presented by E. A. Wright, Esq., £2 2s, Gilts & Son. Fruit, edi'fle. 12 varieties, neither more cor It ss, 15* , GiJt-s Jc Fou ; 10*.. II. Keuip«on Grspf.', whi*e tible, six varieties, narrei.or.e burch cf earL, 15*., J. Ilowell iSous; ltj»., J. Grrfc. Gr8p- c, taWe. rtrebumb. 5a , J Green. Grspt-s for d-jirp. four varieties, noithfr rrore ror lel«. -ce bonrh of each, 10'. J. Rctreil k Sons ; 7s. 6d . J. Bowell k Sous. Grupcs, tablt», seedling. one bunch, 5s, H. C. Qrirk Gr?re?. ro'enred t^b]p, six varietie*. a'Tr!^'. one bur.ch r.f each, 15s , J. Kowell i Son3 ; 10s^ H. C. Qui-.-k Grapt «, s:x 1arp«t and fir-est-«haped banches of cistirrt vsrit-tifs, rnrreetly named, 15=., H. C. Quick: 10s.. led & EeasliT Gr?pr*. wic--. 12 varietio'. rorrertly n'm-d, ore bnncb of earb. £1, led ic B^-asIcy; 15 ? . it d P.»ctfs.'l2, 7f. 6d., B. D. Ross; 5-., G. H. Harris. Apples, n?med, 20 varieties, neither more nor !e*s, six of eatb variety, £1 1O« , Giles J: Son ; £1,R. B.Kcss. Af pies, ten varieties, six of each, 15s., B. D. Boss ; 10*., Giles & Son. Apples, dessert, 12, 10a., Giles & Son; 5s, B. D. Kcfb. App!es, kitchen, 12, IDs., Edwin Smith ; 5s., J. Green. Judges' Remarks.—' Cooking ayjles ex:ted iugly gcod-' Pears, nsreec. 15 varieties, neither more nor less, six of each variety, £1 10s., Giles 4: Son ; £l.R.D.Ec88. . ? Pears, table, 12, 10s., W. Magge; 5^B. D. Boss. Pears, kitchen, 12, 10s., J. Eowell k Sons ; 5a, Giles k Son. Quinces, 12, 7s. 6d, J. Eowell iS^; 5s., E. Smith. Plums, collection. Darned, six Vir'etie-, 12 plums of each, 10s^ R. D. Bxss. Plums, dessert, 12, 5s. Sutton Brothers. Plums, kitchen, 12, 7s. 6d, B. D.Eosj; ff., H. Kempson. Plam»,»eedling,12,7s1 6d, E.D.Eo«. Damros*. r9»mi. bilf-^at^»o, '[?£ Q 1^ f. Green; i*.. C Newassn. DaoiMjus. ov»i, halt-aalioo, 7s. 61 , W. Mazje rt..H.O. Quirk Pioeapple, one, lfH. 6 ! . Sir T. EUer. Orangt*. 12. 7*. 6.U \V. Jlugg*; 5», H.Ken»p on. Lernorj. 12. 7s 61, Gilo ic Son; 5*.. W. llugge. Lime!), 12. 7*. Gl , G. H. Harris. Mulbemes, 2 lb.. 5# , G H. Harris. Filbert*, 2 lb., 7s. &L.; Giles k Son ; 5»., Gile* tnd Sod. - Hazel nuts, 2 lb., 7s- 6J.. R. D. Boss ; 5s. B. 0\. Boss. Walnut*, 7 Ik-, 7i. 6d., W. Magge; 5*., B. D. Ross. Almonds, 56 lb.. £1, Hon. J. Hodgkiss. Figs, 12. 5j., J. Bowell 4 Sons ; 3s. 6d., Hen. J. Hodgkiss. Melon, sweet, 7s. 6d., Hon. H. Scott ; 5i., J. Bowell & Sons. Melon, water, 7s. 61, J. Eowell k Sons ; 5.% B. S. Fowler. Judges' Remarks.— 'Although there is a great falling-off in the quantity of the exhibits, yet considering the dry season the exhibits as a whole are very creditable. We would specially call the attention of the exhibitors to the fact that a number of the exhibits that would have taken prizes we were unable to give the same to on account of the neglect of the exhibitors in not putting their numbers upon their exhibits.' Sectiojt G. — Vegetables. Judges— Messrs. W. Haines, G. Story, J. Bowell, H- B. Han ton, and A. Mitchell. Vegetables, named, 24 varieties, neither more cor less, £2, J. Allen ; £1, O. Newman. Carrots, one dozen, 7s. 6d., R. Cobbledick ; 5s., 0\. Newman. Bed beet, one dozer., ?s. 61., SnttoQ Brothers; 5s., W. Mugge. Cucumbers, brace, 7s. 6d., J. Hunter ; 5»., O. Newman. Vegetable marrows, three, 7s. 6d., C. Newman ; 5s.. Sutton Brothers. Pumpkins, three, 7s. 6d.,C. Newman. Trombones, three, 7s. 6d., C. Newman; 5s., C. Newman. Gourds, six varieties, neither more nor less, 7s. 6d., J. Hunter; 5s ,Sulton Brothers. Beans, runners, 6 lb., 7s. 6d., Sutton Brothers; 5s.. Sutton Brothers. . Beans, dwarf, 6 lb., 7s. 6d.. Sutton Brothers. Celery, six sticks, 7s. 6U, J. Allen; 5s., Sutton Brothers. Salad, 7s. 6d , C. Newman : 5s~ J. Allen. Peas, peck, 7s. 6d., J. AUeu ; 5*.. J. Allen. Broad beans, peck, 7s. 6d., J. Alien; 5s., Sutton Brothers. Rhubarb, one dozen sticks, / s. 61, C. New man ; 5s., C. Newra&n.; Parsnips, one dozen, 7*. 6d , O. Newman ; os., B. Cobbledick. Turnips, white, one dozen, 7?. 6d., C. New luan ; 5*., R. Cobbledick. Turnips, yr l!ow, one dozen, 7s. 6d., J. Allen ; 5s., Sutton Bi others. Lettuce, o:;e doze-, 7s. 6?., J. Allen; 5a., Sutton Biothets. Cabbages, six, 10»., Sutton Br.the -s ; 59.. Sutton Brothers. Cauliflowers, six, 10s , Satton Bro'l ers. Red Cabbages, six, 10s., Sutton B.-cther'; 5? , J. Allen. Onions, 1 cwt, 15s, T. Wade; 10s., Sutton Brothers. Onions, pickling, 56 1o,15j, R. Cibblelick; 10s., Sutton Brothers. Garlic, 56 lb., 15s., C. New ma'. Sbalots, 56 lb^ 15s., C. Newman. Potatoes, round, red, 1 cwt, 15s. Suttoa Bro thtrs; 10s., T. Wade. Potatoes, rouad, not red. 1 cwt., 15s., Sutton Brothers ; Ite., Sutton Brothers. Potatoes, kidney, 1 cwt., 15s., T. Wade ; 10?., Sutton Brothers Tomatoes, 6 lb., 7s 6d., lad k Beasley ; ' 5-., Ind k Beasley. Chili or capsicum, 2 lb.. 7s. 6d., 0. Newman. Judges* Remarks.—' All the vegetables were good, especially the potatoes and onions. The Jndges withheld the second prize for pumpkins, as they consider they were not pure. We wish to call special notice to a dish of white Spanish onions, also a ni'.-e exhibit of egg fruit.' 