TEE BAPTIST UNION. ' Yesterday evening tho «minai meeting, in connection wi tho Baptist Union, was held in the Buthnrst-street liupt Church. There was a good attendance. Tho Rev. Burdett presided.' After devotional exercises, the Kev. F. HIIWVJHD read t annual report, and financial reports of various urgunizulio in connection with the denomination.' ! Tho Kev. A. BunuKTT, read tho amntnl address at-ft lows :-.' Dour Brethren,- Wc como together as u Christi Union, and a Baptist Union, for cotinstj und harmonio effort in the Great Master's service. Since our lort amii ve ¡ 6lU'.v> some'of our esteemed brethren havo passed nwiiv the realm of life eternal ; thidr familiar faces we sbuli f no more. But instead of tho fathers ure ths childrei I many of ow young people having found tho Christ of Gc ' have acknowledged Hun before tho world, and our nuiuei ! cal increase testifies of tho soul-quickening power of f Gospel; yet is bur joy not unmixed with sorrow, for he and there one, like Orpah and Domas have gone bai tu their people and their gods. Let "'him that thittko j he standuth take heed lest he full. ' Student of wisdom, j thou wilt suspect, let it bc thyself.' With special rofe euee to our youug people wo proposo to make someobso yatious concerning the Church of Christ. Although I familiar subject it demands our thoughtful attentio j Koto first the spirituality of ita nature. When Josi I would describe the subject* of his kingdom He chose an o j Greek word, and clothed it with a loftier .md spiritu; meaning. In the lips of tho learned hcalheit it exprès» the calling out of all tho freo citizens fi om among tl general population of tho city ; it therefore denoted a sch portion of tho inhabitants. As employed by the Sn vim mid His apostles this word ' ecclesia ' signified the vallin out of men from tho mass of idolaters to the service of tl living God, to holiness of lifo and fellowship with eat: other in Christian worship. Sometimes it embraces tl whole niultitudo of beliuvors, whether on earth or in heavei Thus Hc'gavo Him to bo head over all things to the Churc which is His body, tho fullness of Him that iilletli all in al There we have tho saints on earth and all tho dead in Chris tho Church universal; tbs mystical body deriving its li! from Christ' its living head, niid without which Ho bimse] would be incomplete. Dooa this community of kindrr souls Ho open tb general inspection P Can Pope or prelal tell us whoso names aro, or whose ero not ia the Boo of Lifo; have not thousands of saints passed awa from scenes of obscurity to join their brethren, the Ul.lK) who stuud on Mouut '¿ion, having the seal of thu livin God ? lu the "New Testament the character of the person who composed tho Primitive Church is clearly dciiued They ore described as a chosen 'generation, as having bee turned from darkness to light. Paul speaks of the Churc of the Thessalonians as in God tho Father and in His So; Jesus Christ; of the Ephesians as brought nigh unto God as built upon tho fouudution of the Apostles ard pro phots; ot tho Philippians cs saints' in Christ, an as 'citizens t of Heaven. Whatever' difference ii sooial position might exist ' among tho member of the first churches, they possessed a common character- ; spiritual identity secured by the grace of th» same Divin spirit "which worketh oil in all. The sun in the firmamen calls forth vegetation appropriate to every laud upon whicl he . shines ; nud although iu different climates the tree differ in sizo and tho flowers in perfume, yet the effects o his genial power urn the same. In like liianner the sun o righteousness shines in common over »ll believing souls, nm if they diner in some mutters of minor importance, yet thet- is a sweet 'oneness in experience aud heart ; the "leuewei soul iu which Jesus dwells is a garden of God ' flocked w flowers,' adorned with humility, long suffering, patience brotherly kindness, charity, and a» the root of all divin virtues, with fuith in the incarnate Saviour. Being one ii character we aro one in privilege, forgiveness o all 6in,' heirship with Christ thé first bom nmonj many ; brethren, victory in death, and a rieht to th treo of lifo tu tho- Paradise of God. These an privileges within reach of tho trembling believing gaoler a Philippi, not less thau of tho Apostles committal to hi charge. In tbe Roman world this spiritual identity o character mast have appeared a new and strittige pheno- menon ; it was not a new thiug in the Hebrew world : frou tho time of Abraham to tho advent of Christ, there hat always been a remuant of like-minded men, of wbaso pioui fellowship on earth a record was kept in ilea ven. iron tho"beginning we find a peculiar poouls anning the poculiui people, childreu after the spirit aud children utter the flesh When Jehovah set apart Israel from all othernations,Heso apart the godly for Himself-the sheep of His pasture types of the Kew Testament Church. ' My sheep,'says thi Good Shepherd, using Old Testament metaphors, 'beal My voice, aud follow Me, and 1 give uuto them eternal life. The t'apia growth of the early Church : The triumphant success of the Gospel at and after the dav of Pentecost ii the gründest event in history. For thousands of ye-irs the dismal shades of heathenism had been thickening "unti darkness impenetrable co vered the earth, and thick darkness the people. Was it probable that a few despised une obscure Jews would be able to dispel (hu awful gloom 1 AVas it likely that a crusade against the selKshuess, thc pride, tba licentiousness of the world would ever succeed Í Was it likely canalian rites would be abandoned for the pure an! spirituu' worship of one God, whone representative hud l«en cruci- fied at Jerusalem? The Idea of only one object of faith one worship for the wholo world must have appeared in the last degree absurd. And a religion which placed bond one free Greek and Jew on the same level before God, which demanded repentance in the Monarch who claimed divine honours as much aS in tho slave at his palace gate, must have been infinitely offensive to human pride. Neverthe- less this new kingdom of truth and grace made its way in the earth. The proudest Emperor was obliged" to acknowledge a power mightier than hij own.. Did the Heralds of the Gospel adopt any of the arts of human policy; did they attempt to gain the wise men ot the world by accepting their doctrines': Just the reverse, and hence the learned assailed Christianity with intellectual weapons, and the Civil power assailed it with brute force, yet the word of the Lord grew and multi- plied, and within a brief period the good seed of tho king- dom had taken root in every country from the Euphrates to the Atlantic ocean. About seventy years after the ascen- sion of Christ, tba Governor Pliny, in a letter to the Em- peror Trajan, writes :-' This superstition has spread on all sides ; in towns, in villages, aud iu the country ; tbe temples of our gods stand deserted, and sacrifbes have now for a long time ceased to be offered.' A century later Ter tullian could say to the heathen, we are but of yesterday, and yet we have possession of your whole country— town, islands, the camp, the palace, the senate, the forum ; we have left you only the temples. Nor could the great persecutions arrest the pro- gress of this spiritual kingdom ; certain of the Roman Emperors considered it their special task to root out tile very name of Christianity from the world ; but the arm of thc- executioner utterly failed, the prophetic stone rolled on, smote tho imperial image, became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth. Whence this most marvellous power and progress of the Christian faith? Church of the early days and Church of the Catacombs, tell us wherein thy great strength lay? Thanks be to God is their modest and unanimous reply ; thanks be to God, who always causeth us to triumph in Christ. Nor must we forget that, while our Father God was the supreme worker, they were eminently qualified for their great mission. Having them- selves oien of the bread of lite, they were eager to carry it to tho world perishing with burger : themselves delivered from the power of the old serpent, they sought to snatch others from his venomous embrace; exinstrained by the love of Christ, and anointed with the Holy Spirit, their work was their glory and delight. In proportion as the modern Church emulates the missionary zeal of primitive believers will she be crowned with the honour of conquering the world for Christ. Preservation of the Church: Her blooming spring and golden summer were succeeded by a long and stormy winter of bitter con- troversy, false doctrine, and internal strife. No sooner had Christianity vanquished the forces of the Roman Empire than her own ministers betrayed her by becoming servants to the power they had subdued. Their strength was now sought in a confederacy between the magistrate and the priest ; a confederacy which surrendered the exclusive authority of Christ in His own Church. '' Ah, Constan- tine, to how much ill gave birth that plenteous dower which the first wealthy Father gained from thee ! ' Yes, and the effect of that noblest confederacy has been to stereotype injustice and persecution for fifteen centuries. It was divinely promised that the true Church should never be destroyed ;' but there is no promise it should be kept free from corruption : on the contrary, even under the care of tho Apostles, false teachers crept in unawares and over- threw the faith of some. In his farewell address to the elders at Miletus, the Apostle Paul speaks of grievous wolves that would enter the Church after his departure : and the inspired epistles speak of damnable heresies, of givine heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of demons, of falling away, of the man of sin, of the working of the mystery of ' iniquity. All this was in accord with the parables of the Lord—noxious tares amongst the wheat, foolish virgins amongst the wise, and wolves in sheep's clothing. The worst enemies of the Church would be found within her own pale : renowned fathers of the third century would teach that sin could be expiated by celibacy and fasting, that the Lord's supper was the consummation of the sacrifice on Calvary, that the authority of tradition was equal to the authority of Scrip ture: thus it was that men of learning and piety uncon sciously sowed the seeds of the Papal system, whose cruel bigotry and carnal ambition, through all the centuries, have been calling for fire, professedly from heaven but in reality from hell, to consume its opponents. Yet with His distinct preknowledge of all that priestly artifice, and ' pride ecclesi astic ' and political power could do to injure His kingdom, the Christ of God declared. ' On this rock will I build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' Have they prevailed? As in the idolatrous times of Jewish history, there were seven thousand who had not bowed the knee to Baal ; so, in tho darkest night of the Papacy, there were thousands who would not worship the Apocalyptic beast. Centuries before Luther, Wycliffe had exposed the superstitions of Rome, and a numerous band of his follower; nobly avowed the faith once delivered to the saints. At the instigation of the clergy a law was passed in England requiring the strictest search should be made for persons suspected of heresy, whom it was decreed to prosecute with the utmost rigour. Who would have thought, says Fox the martyr olist, but that the name and memory of this persecuted sect should have been utterly rooted up ? yet, so far from this, they rather multiplied daily, and were dispersed in nearly every county in the kingdom. Another law was passed by which all who read the Scriptures in English then called Wycliffe's learning, should forfeit land, cattle, goods, and life, be condemned as heretics to God and enemies to the Crown, and if they continued obstinate and relapsed after pardon, they should first be hanged for treason against tho king, and than burnt for heresy against God. Did those atrocious efforts to extinguish the light of Christianity succeed ? Did they not rather evoke such an intense sympathy with the innocent victims of persecution as proved stronger than the bigotry of tho priesthood or the the despotism of tho State ; tho dying martyr was more potent than his living prosecutor. 'Penal statutes to suppress eternal truth,' as was finely said, 'resemble penal statutes to cleanse the world of violets ; fashion may banish them from tho burgomaster's garden, but the heavens will unite to nourish them under the shade of a nettle, or at tho foot of an oak.' In the Reformation of the 16th century we recognise the interposition of Christ as head over all things to His Church. When tho iniquity of tho Amorites was full, retribution came ; and when in the Papal Church superstition and falsehood, and licentiousness and avarice, tho common parent of all, had reached their climax, then, in accordance with the Divine method of choosing the weak things of the world to confound the things that are mighty, an obscure monk is employed to shake tho hateful anti-Christian system to its very foundations. Even tho outward effects of that moral earthquake were by no means small. It was something done when monks and nuns exchanged the monastic for tho marriage life ; it was something; to erect schools with tho appropriation of funds which for centuries had sustained an army of ecclesiastics who devoured tho flock; to silence invocation to saints and to the Virgin Mary, was something more. Better than all was the Bible in tho vernacular of the peoples, and the promulgation of the Apostolic doctrine of salvation by faith without works, In Great Britain, that soul-quickening truth took deeper root 'than it did on tho Continent, hence in the former it became a fruitful vine, while in the latter it withered and perished. Men are not wanting who despise the old Eng- lish Puritans. We regard them us constituting tho true Church of the living God. the stay and pillar of the truth in that honoured land. If their manners were uncourtly, or their views of religious liberty defective, or their theology stern, yet their sanctified intellect; as it shines and burns in the Puritan works of Baxter and Howe, in the Puritan epic of Milton, and tho Puritan allegory of Bunyan, has be- queathed to the universal Church a 'rich legacy of evan- gelical and imperishable truth. We do not forget that the ¡ Reformation was a great instrument in undermining the old system of mental despotisms, lt awoke the nations from the ignorance in which they had slept for ages ; hence even infidels have commended Luther and his noble associates. But not until recently has the Church of Christ 'assumed her appropriate position as a missionary society. Her aggres- sive character dates from the end of the last century. The year in which tho horrors of tho first' French Revo lution convulsed Europe, witnessed the formation of the Baptist mission to India. To our own denomination was tho honour given of sending forth the first pioneers into the moral widerness of heathendom, where they and their successors have been famous in lifting up the Gospel axe against tho huge tree of pagan idolatry. The missionary em is now set in that brave messengers are encouraged in their enterprise by a readiness amongst the heathen them- selves to receive the Gospel, " yes proofs are given that a nation may be born in a day. Hindrances to the diffusion of spiritual truth may be expected from carnal men ; that they should proceed from an organization which claims to be the only Christian church on earth, is a strange anomaly. Yet true to her antecedents, the Roman Catholic Church is tho patron of ignorance and superstition ; mental and spiritual darkness is her native element and her strength. How can an infallible shepherd who has always withheld the' truth from his docile sheep, permit them to be taught it now ? The chief reason as you all know for sending forth the army of the Jesuits was to counteract tho circulation of the Bible by the reformers ; and what is this furious crusade against our Public schools but a warfare against knowledge and Scripture truth. The author of these precious Pastorals may well anathematise the Scripture; lessons which put into' tho hands of the young an instrument that will break the yoke of their bondoge. No marvel that the thirteenth ' Lion of the Vatican and all his younger lions should nash their broken teeth at heretics. Compromise with Rome is now im- possible; her own insufferable arrogance has made it impossible. As the friends of civil and religious liberty and as Protestants against the Papal system, it will be to our lasting dishonour if we fail to "defeat the purpose of these slanderous and Jesuitical Pastorals. Consider now the subject of our own usefulness as members of tho associate churches. The character and influence of His true disciples are described in the strong words of the Master-Ye are the salt of the earth, the conservative power which saves the world from moral ruin. What humau nature was before the flood; or in the reign of Nero, it is now-diseased at the -core. The course of the human race, said Neander, apart from Christianity, is downward : all its civilization ends in barbarism. You may paint and ornament a decayed mansion, but if the inside timbers are rotten, of what avail is all your external decoration. We, dear brethren, arc part of the agency by which the gracious Renovator is implanting new life" in corrupt humanity; and anything short of a new supernatural life will resemble the momentary effect of galvanism on a dead body. If awake to our solemn responsibility as the servants bf Christ we shad strive tn acquire greater mectness for the Master's use. Earnestly therefore do we invite to a more thoughtful study of the Divine Word as an important qualification for Christian work. The disciples at Beroa were commended by St. Paul because they searched the Jewish Scriptures to satisfy themselves that what tho Apostles affirmed was in full accord with ancient prophecy. Ono of the most serious defects of the Church in our day j is her imperfect and superficial knowledge of the Bible. Formerly to the Jewish, now to the Christian Church are committed the Oracles of God-a sacred treasury of Divine speeches delivered at sundry times by holy men of God, who spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost ; and the fact of their Divine origin is conclusive evidence of their absolute truth and wisdom. As to the mode of inspiration we are not ashamed to confess our ignorance ; the fact itself is the granite rock on which our faith rests. Knowing that we possess an authentic revelation of tho love and righteousness of God, a perfect expiation for human guilt, a book adapted to every nation, every age, a book in which we behold the Saviour's face almost in every page; does our diligent study of this wondrous volume bear any proportion to its priceless worth ? ls it not true that in some professedly Christian households lean and shallow fictions are allowed to absorb so much time, that mere fragments are left for the volume of eternal truth ; not only so, but in pro- portion as the mind feeds on fancies does it lose its apetite for spiritual realities. Earnestly therefore and affectionately, we counsel the young members of our churches to beware of that insidious foe. An evening spent over a book whose pages are stained with ' putrid thought or miserable incident,' may render your devotional exercise a mero dead formality, instead of a living sacrifice. In these dnvs of unsettlement and religious doubt, we cannot afford, in our navigation to eternity, to throw away the old anchor, chart, and compass of revelation ; and if the Divine Word dwelt in us richly in all wisdom, it would prove a right trusty sword against an army of doubts. The experience of the Divine Master will supply nn illustration. You know how the prince of darkness afflicted Him with sore temptations from within and from without, but every thrust of Satan was repelled, not by argument, but by ancient Scripture. The threefold temptation was overcome by a threefold quotation, ' it is written.' Whether tempted to distrust, or to presumption, or to ambition, an oifective weapon was instantly at hand, proving the Saviour's intimate knowledge of the Pentateuch and the Psalms, and by thus usia? them he set His own seal to their enduring authority. Through all the centuries since that terrible conflict," the adversary has been sowing seeds of disbelief and doubt, ami our victory must be sought in the skilful uso of the living oracles. If our practical love of the grand old book, expose us to the discredit of being ignorant of some of the questionable literature of the day, we may console ourselves by this fact, that in consenting to lose wood, hay, and stubble we gain the silver and precious stones. And when intellect and heart are enlightened by the word, religious theories whether old or new will ba easily tested by this infallible standard ; manv an ingenious speculation will thus bs rejected as anti scriptural, and therefore worthless. Believe not every spirit or every doctrine, but try the spirits whether they ore of God: they may come as Andrew Fuller says, . In a rational garb', or a holy garb, or an evangelical garb ' ; but if they fail to do homage to tho Redeemer ; fail to confess His divine existence before Ha took our nature : fail to teach that He gave Himself a ransom for us, they are not of God. In thus speaking, we do not express our own dictum, hut simply repeat an apostolic verdict. Truth in wise proportion : We advise our young people to grasp the whole of Christianity and not be satisfied with a part only. One of the unhealthy signs of the present day, is a growing tendency to exalt Christian life at the expense of Christian doctrine". We are told that righteousness and charity mav esist independently of religious ideas, and taut tho eëntle'virtues may blossom in heathen lands ; hence these men would surrender large portions to tha sacred canon, and then affirm that all which is vital in Chris- tianity remains. Not merely ha ve we no authority in Scripture j for se'parutins practical holiness from divine doctrino, but j they are alwavs found there in inseparable connection and j hi. nonv. Bible readers must have observed that the apostolic j letters Wein by teaching great principles from which j thev derive motives to Christian purity, connecting the I truth and life by tho expressive adverb therefore-Ye are ¡ bemrht with a price, therefore glorify God. Resurrection , ' to a blissful immortality is promised ; be ye, therefore, j steadfast and unmovable." It has been well slid, religion is ] neither a ss-t nf intellectual convictions nor a bundle of ' ' emotional feelings, but a compound of both-the former ; giving birth to the hitter. To overlook the distinguishing ; doctrines of the Gospel, says Robert Hall, under the pre- tence of advancing the interests of morality is one extreme ; to inculcate those doctrines without habitually adverting to j their purifying influence is another, not less dangerous : if thc former involves the folly of attempting to rear a struc- ! turo without a foundation, tho latter leaves it nakedarad I useless, lt is gratifying TO bow that the ministry of the | Baptist denomination, avoiding both exfre: jcs, proclaims the ¡ whole" C-cspel, which was. and" is, md is to rome, the power of God to salvation. Glorious Gospel, which appeals to and develops and sanctifies the entire uature of man ! The wise counsel of one of the Hebrew prophets, given to nu assembly of vonni: mea. we commend to all the young people "amenest us. St«.nd ye in the way, and see and ask for" the old vath?, where is the good way, añii walk therein, and ie shall find rest for your souls. H.v.-itm- now briefly touched upon the spiritual nature of the Christian Church, its carly triumphs, its marvellous preservation, its modem revival, and its unchanging mission to be the lirfi: and salt of the world, it behoves us to ponder our own responsibility, to scrutinize our individual influence in the Churches to which we belong. High privileges in- volve corresponding obligations. To be able to trace our distinctive practice to the Apostles, to know that every Greek lexicon in the world is on our side, to knew that our j section of the one Church' is gaining strength in ¿very land, . aud not least in Rome itself, all this will nvuil us nothing j I unless it provoke to emulation, prayer, aiid effort. True, j the Lord hath done groat things tor 'us, but not greater than j ? for the other tribes of the spiritual Israel, What are ! we doing to fulUl our evangelistic mission ? To what j extent aro tile associate Churches the spiritual birth I places of the world, tho lion of which it I way bo said this and that man was born there; do we , engage in the service of Christ with a firm belief in its ' endless results. ' I paint,' says n grojit artist, ' for iui-' . mortality ; ' and you remember how the Son of ! God drew his strongest arguments from eternity. ! Are not the parables niatchess pictures of in ¡ endless life-"futurity for ever future, life begin I liing stifl where computation ends.' Ii, os Thomas I Carlyle says, you cannot see eternity from Paris, and if you cannot always seo it from a professedly Christian Church, faith may always üud it in tho New Testament, especially in tho words of tue Lord Jesus ; and when He spoke of two regions iu the invisible world, with nn 'impassable gulph betwixt them, the solemn truth was uttered without the shadow of hesitation, misgiving, or douht. Loyalty \o Christ as our infallible' teacher, and fellowship with Him as tho source of our spiritual life, will make us fruitful bronchus whose fruit will remain to eternity. In every department of Christian service, whether in the pulpit, or the Sabbath school, or tho Biblo class, we are working for eternal results Jboth hi ourselves and others. John Bunyan wrote a book for immortality; the Saviour will reward, and millions will thank him forever. Although ; nonr of us univ write a book whose iuflutn.ee for '? good will outlive the sun. yet we may all so live for Christ, mid in Christ, that our example and our words may prove an eternal blessing to uthers ; even a tract given "to ii way- : faring man may be the means of his conversion, and thus an insignificant act will secure never-ending results, both to the donor and the receiver. Whoso turuetb a sinner from the orror of.his Way, shall save a soul from death; and they that bo wise shall shine as tho bright- ness of" the firmament; and they that tura many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever. Lest I unduly tax your patience, I will conclude my ob- servations by suggesting to our esteemed brethren in the Ministry, that in conducting our public worship, the ex- pository sn lc of preaching would, in my opinion, beu useful innovation. In the curly Church the practice of constructing a sermon on the basis of a single verse was a thing unknown. In the second and third centuries the preacher took as the foundation of his teaching, not un isolated text, but tho whole paragraph previously read. Many reasons for the adoption of this plan will readily oncur ; and if some of your hearers undervalue it at first, vet if judiciously bandied, it will soon command their thankful approval. Personal knowledge of its profitable use in the mother country, together with tho urgent need of making known the whole council of God, has prompted the hint for your consideration. Faith, says Cyprian, is not strengt hened by oratory, but by the truth itself. Wbnt does the Bible teach, is the supreme question in every age, and thí Christian ministry is expected, is divinely ordained to answer it-to answer it faithfully, without hesiation, without reserve- believing that what was-true iu the first century is true in the nineteenth ; and never must the ministers of Christ forget they are not judges but tvxuounders of His Word. ' truth is ever true, Jn this age or the lust ; an J error falsa To-day as it wo> yesterday; no ase Can oütsrrow truth, or can «lion! to part I With toe tried «ri-dam ol the past, wi'.u words ï'hat centuries have titted, and on which Asies haye set their seal, and bunded don n ; Guard then those ancient wcUs, tt;ose liviug springs r"rom which our fathers drank, and were refreshed.' A vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. Mr. Burdett, on the motion of the Rev. Mr. WILLIAMSON, seconded by tho Rev. D. FEXWICK, and the proceedings closed with tho benediction. 