ftrftJT i'jmli ! J: - ' - CSP8AL HEWS. <""T W V 7 . yi 'ECHOES FROC/i PALL MALI- 7 V30M QUR OWN COKBEBPONDEIfT. V-'Bi London, 3lBt October. ' fhpagb'popplaT opinion is now-a-dayg dis- Pd l tb' repsl; tlje idea that the fate of Mtfons is in any way bound up with the gestfalps of royal families, there -can be so faubt -that the 'movements' of imperial and (JejJtil' personagos afford indications of -dis- jfarbanocs :in the political atmosphere, and W&fi-; fbegr- are worth studying - in connection trith the rumors which ore set in circulation respecting the intrigues of courtiers and states men. It is, for instance, ' a remarkable jffet' that while Prince Bismarck and Count Andrassy were coimparing notes at "Vienna, nearly the whole of the finssian Imperial family were in France; the Empress at Cannes, the Grand Dukes at JPorifl, the Ceaare witch hobnobbing with the prince of Wales, first at Copenhagen and then al the Parisian Hotel, Berlin; while one of tho (Srand Dpke3. actually passed through the Ger man capital on hub way from Paris to St . Petersburg, without even leaving .his card at flie Prussian court. At the same time, too, the Duke of Edinburgh was bringing his Rus sian Princess from Germany to England. In radical eyes these movements ore unworthy of notice, but to the man of the world they are fall .of .interest. There is ho need to orag- gerate,' their significance, as some seem dig-. . posed to'idq,1 but the> same remark applies to tho intbroommunications of Imperial chancel- Ion. ' ""Neither one npr the .other Set of cir- eftmfaahcea presage war, bat they both point to the "probability that the- next war, whenever Hjj may.aris will be fought under new condi tions, and ithat Russia' and Genhany will -not fefottod t herotofore on;the e»nie side. The trfple Tmporial , Alliance. Was . never much fetter 'than; . ;n -ahaiu, but,, henceforth it irifa.be an impossibility, So far so good ; but it;lomains to be Seen whether new dangers will ndt, spring ' from the disarrangement of the old felfaco tff power. Russia for the moment is , isolated, but there is. no truth in .history better Established than, that the' enemies of to-day may . ha. tho allies of to-morrow ; the new Vienna convention ia a proof of It, and when- eye 'RnBEda recovers her strength she will 'not be without friends. In the meantime she is betteir without them. She wants rest, and radiation will give it to her. r ' It' is'a- curious fact that at : one time during fad month England Was altogether" deserted by herRoyal Family, hut happily the circumstance was devoid of political significance. The Queen and Princess Beatrice were in Scotland, (he Prince and Princess of Wales and their jjfauhger children in Denmark, their Bailor sons j£t sea in the Bacchante, the Duke of Edin burgh at. Jagenheim, Prince Leopold was wfeaybnt 1 forget where ; the Duke of Con- feught and his' bride were oh a holiday tour, the Princess Louise' was in Canada, preparing father homeward trip, while, the other married princesses were; of > course," with their foreign IniBbands. , The desolation of the English palaces afforded matter for the pass ing Ternaries of 1 a day, . and nothing more. But jHfa-drcumstanco called to mind , another re markable fact— -that no Royal , visitors have fiOUght.'fchfl hospitality : of tho 'English Court laming! the present" year.' There has oven been a dearth of barbaric ambassadors ; and Jfo 'add .to the bereaTed condition of London, ieLiord Mayor's. ahoW' .is to he shorn of, its, ilqry, although , tho Friendly iZulus of the ALquarium were quite willing to: show - them- : 'Selves off on; the -oecasioh. 1 , Ihave had'occasion to speak of, the platonic friendship hetwepn .the .Prince of Wale's and: Mis.Langf ry. That I was right in the use of : Aha adjective has been made clear . by the trial iEf. Rosenberg for the libel upon them in Town 'Tafk. 1 The libel was a stupid piece of wcrk, .as mosfc libels are, and the air has been par ticularly thick, with them of late. .The, boasted superiority - of the English press has, .suf fered' deterioration, and I teould name 'ft doisen of London newspapers that , are iio better; than . the one that has been, jppt down. .There is not necessarily anything dndelic&te; in n lady, allowing her photograph ibe exhibited and Bdld, and yet the whole faress job fa the: chorus' that Mrs. West audi 'Mrs. Iiangtry' courted the foul rbmarks that; Were made -on them. It has not been made to. appear that it is in their power to put down the $ale of their likenesses, and now what was at first a harmless piece of vanity 'Is spoken of as ' fait werea ! crime.- ' Therois one 'newspaper of! ' long standi® and with a large circulation— I ;tean EeynoW which :is occasionally. many degrees worse \Auae ' T&m;, Talk, and yet is! '-allowed perfect immunity, solely because the :bersonage it libels. occupies a too exalted -position -to notice 'it, if, indeed,' she knows any-: thing about its existence. ,?' - The match at fisticuffs, between the editor 5of the Daily Telegraph andthe editor of Truth !fa Jfaofaerfacklent which tells against the i'pretimHiona of. the English press. The matter betweehtKem is Btifa eubjudice., but I ani te- ; jdhved bum the usual inhibition .against coip- ;hient when one of the parties takes the law in :iris,own hands, and tells the magistrate that ie will do So again j while the other does not refrain ftom his pen and ink ; attacks on his .antagonist. Mr. Levy Lawson assailed Mr. Labouchere with a stick, and the two ionght it out mth their : fists as well .as. they could. Mr. Labouchere then sent , a /cbajlenge to the other to go to Belgium -and , finish their controversy with pistols j but- the .invitation was declined, mid the act of polite- ness was mturned by .an invitation in the shape ' of a summans to finishthe duel before a msgiB-' : 'trate. The ht does not evish rest there, forMr.3>evyLawsoni8 ,aocuBed of manufac- ' faring psragrapha foriaBertion in othaKpapmu, - t — — — : — — — : although ha rofaainB'from'oonuncnt in his own colurims. '; Tha Daify 'Telegraph, which boasts c(f baying the largest circulation ' in tho world, is. meanwhile 1 getting into disgraoo ' far another reason,, and its popularity has already fallen off : to a -serious ex tent. "When Mr. Gladstone was in temporary disfavor on aooount of his supposed truckling to Russia, the Telegraph was in the ascendant ; but now, 'when Mr. Gladstone is rising In estimation, and his former dotractor- manifests n' disposition to creep once more into his good graced, the public manifest signs of displeasure, and they know how .to make it fait. .' Meanwhile another Liberal London daily — the Chronicle— id rising .rapidly in popularity, and from being a mere Cletkenwell " local," is taking equal rank with the old- established dailies. History is full of parallel passages. It is on record that cue of Melbourne's most popular mayors once took the Greek slave into cus tody, and now Sir Charles Whetham has added another leaf to corporation laurels by laying an indictment against a photographer of two Zulu ladies in scanty ccstume. London gallantly rose to their rescue, and now Sir Charles is the most unpopular of Lord Mayors. Never since Sir John Key (afterwards known as Sir Don Key) advised the Duke of Web lington that he'would be in danger if he came to the banquet in the Mansion House was there such a furore. Sir Charles's court was in the possession of a booting and hissing crowd for half an hour, and next day he was escorted by a similar mob to his carriage. Sir Charles has done a few other unpopular acts during his year of office ; but the most serious ohargo against lum is that he has saved £2000 out of his salary. I do not believe this; but he has certainly not gone bo far beyond his income as some of his predecessors have done. His enemies make an excuse for him by saying that he ' could not help saving, inasmuch - as the citizens would ' not accept his hospitality. Thus there are slanders as well as . libels in the air. He commenced badly by defying the whole Common Council in ' regard to the nomination of sheriffs ; and his" attempt; to raise a subscription' for a memorial to tile late Sir Rowland Hill was an utter failure, through, it iS'said, his unpopui larityi The list of charges againat him Is otherwise'a long one, but I vouch for nothing except the simple fact that London does not likehim. " The red spoctre seems to be once nioro creating a scare in" France. I say " seems," because I do not" believe that the thing is looked upon with alarm by ' the French them selves. With us, " 'tis distance lends a terror to the view." The Gommune was not a whit more reprehensible than the military severity witii which it was avenged. Nihilism in Russia is harmless in comparison with the despotism which punishes tiie expression of opinion. The election of a couple of pardoned political offenders is not a - matter- to frighten a nation oat of its propriety, nor does it appear to be strange that a man should find fault with the law ; from which he has suffered. The alleged alarm in Franice is an artificially excited feeling, resembling in this respect one of Professor Pepper's ghosts. Legitimacy and Bonapartism are faet be com ing bogies of the same pattern. No one now believes in Bonapartism but the man who used to deride it— Jerome himself. The Rabe laisian head of the family now" plays the rCle of a' reformed rake. He has made his peace with the church, and through the church with his wife — the Princess Clottide. But he can go no further. The break down of the steamship Australia in the chops of the Channel has given rise to serious misgivings' .as to the safety of full- powered steamers inadequately provided with the requisites for proceeding under sail. For Beveral days tho Australia was little better than a derelict, drifting about tho Channel al most within Bight of a choice of harbors. For one night the ladies had to ; sit Up in their clothes, to be in readiness to take to the boats, andthe passengers had ultimately to he taken' to Plymouth in another vessel. She was under the necessity of anchoring in ; the open channel off JerBey, and'feare wefa entertained that even' then she could not be kept off the rocks. Fortunately no other cala mity beyond the detention of the mail for a week has to be recorded. . Another example was afforded of the benefit of b'oldierly disci pline at sea by Lord Napier Of :Magdala. who became the captain's right-hand supporter. Some change seems to be heeded in the inspec tion of seagoing steamers. It is not easy to detect a flaw in a shaft, hut there should be no difficulty in seeing to the completeness of the Bailing and steering tackle. . The fault, I pre sume, is in the system,; not in, the company's arrangements. 