VISIT TO A SLUICIKG TUNNEL AT \- BEBCBWOSTH. A " commercial" sends us the following account of a recent visit to the Rocky Mountain Gold Sluicing Co.'s Tunnel at Spring Creek, Beeohworth, which, doubtless, will be found interesting:— Arrayed in oar most indifferent clothes, with heavy marching loots, our small party of three bent our steps one bright moonlight night .up Ford-street towards Spring Creek. When within some two hundred yards of tha Spang Greek bridge, we struck off at right angles, and at considerable risk to our necks msds our way over the granite boulders whioh line the .sides «f Spring Creek down to the mouth of the tunnel. Before which lay in striking contrast tothe sombre masses of granite hers scattered in wild confusion a small mountain of granite, newly hewn, white and glistening, the only outward result of some three yeara' work. The tufinel was undertaken by the Rocky Mountain Co. for the purpose of economically working a large area .of shallow alluvial ground on tha other aide of - the township lying towards Stanley.: It will also serve when finished to gat rid of. the debrit. The tunnel extends right, under the Granite Hill, on which the greater portion of the town is built: it is through some 2250 lineal feet, and is now close to the railway station. Procuring a small oil lamp and asapply of candles, we made our way in single file, theeise throughout being 7 feet inheight, by 5 feet in width. Proceeding some distance we bear a doll throbbing sound whioh, increasing in intensity, appears to proceed from an approaching truck. , We stand off the iron rails close in to the walls and wait, but as nothing emerges from the thick darkness we proceed I again- flomeriat to our relief we see a small glimmer ahead which gradually increases, and at last, after passing a wooden barrier, we reach the cause of the now almost deafening Bound, viz.. Ford's Bock Boring Machine, plngging away at the hard granite at the" rata of about 600 strokes per minute It is superintended by three stalwart miners not overclad, fer the temperature here is considerably warmer than the outside air. One of the men attends "to the working of the machine; another keeps a small jet of water playing into the hole which is being dulled, while the third wmn is charging the holes and preparing for blasting. The admirable little """^im* weighing but some 1501b^ consists of a cylinder 26 inches long by 6 inches in diameter, -with a self- acting feed-screw on. one side, and a steadying teleuoopie-screwed barton the other side for £ring, it Against the rock. On one end of the cylinder is a ball fitting into a clip-cup attached to a moveable clasp secured in position on the pole-tube by means of a screw, so that it may bemoved up and down the pole with the worm-wheel and round the pole on the tube thus forming a universal joint. . 33y this the machine can be made to bore in any direction; and by means of ^regulation cock attached to the machine' the force of the blow can be regulated from the slightest tap to 7001bs. Without the^aidof these efficient machines (for two aiein rue) it would have taken at least double the time to have done the same work, they , will drill a 12 inch hole in 2} minutes) and are driven by compressed air, the residue of which is disohaiyed with sufficient force to drivs before it the noxious vapours and gases arising from the blasting operations. These Bases are completely got rid of bye patent foul air exhauster, worked by air; this tarries them «5 by xneans of a 6-inch galvanised-iron pipe carried along the roof of the 'tunnel. The last hole having been drilled, the prop is Xeleased by the screw and the mhmiirti hose and the drills rapidly placed-on a Amall truck and removed to a safe distance from the blast. We also take the hint, and move away. We had not gone far before I was startled by a forceable exrlsmatiorifpom my "friend. Jack, and immediately comes the boom of the blast. Jack says the rush of air reminds bim of being 1 struck with £ feather-bed. We bad four of these feather-bed sensations in about as many seconds, Mni WB are quite satisfied. Here we accidentally light upon the moans by which Professor Pepper-produces his popular delusion, or properly speaking, his ghost, altbongli.it has proved anything but a ahbdow to bim, . having brought him in twelve thonjMnff foundjs. It is evidently caused by bsesking or intercepting the raya of light by a . strong current of air. We saw this theory varified, for when the workmen were blasting during the day lame nearer to the mouth of the tunnel, the rush of air from the blast caused instantaneous at the mouth. After discussing with the miners a few drops of a cordial, termed brandy, a small flask of which Jack accidentally found in his coat pocket, we re-traced our steps, greatly pleased as well es instructed by our visit to the Rocky Mountain Gold Sluicing Co.'s Tunnel. 