THE present session of Parliament, which opened ao significantly on Tuesday last, will probably be regarded by the future historian as the tnming-point in ths straggle for sound constitutional government in Victoria. Despite the sarcasms of an unscrupulous and mendacious press, which owes its existence to the eleemosynary aid of a political clique, it must be admitted that the question of reform has been advanced a stage—that it has assumed a totally new aspect by the despatch of tbe embassy to London. That question, on tbe solution of which so much depends moat be decided once and for all. To nse a homely metaphor, the deciding game of the enbbar must be played by the Liberals and the Conservatives, and no side issues or subordinate considerations permitted to interfere with bringing about a satisfactory result. The proceedings in the Assembly on the opening night afforded a pretty fair indication" of bow the Opposition propose to play their cards, and the knowledge of this should not be^ thrown away upon the HimBtij and their supporters. While reproaching Mr BEEBTand his party for want of moderation, they assumed tie aggressive before the Speaker had well taken "his seat. Without evincing even a decent regard for the precedents and rules of the Honse, they commenced the guerilla onslaught, upon the persistence in which tbey count, in order, if possible, to disorganise the forces of the Government, or gain some slight temporaiy advantage that may tell in their favor with the country. Mr GAOTSON'6 conduct oa the occasion was worthy of bis previous Parliamentary 'career. He has succeeded in achieving for himself the " bad eminence" of being a renegade to the party tbat assisted to draw him fromobscurity and placed him in a position which any honorable citizen might be proud to occupy. Bat weak heads fail by climbing, and the elevation of an individual is often only the forerunner of his falL Who so zealous as a recreant ?' Mr Gauwson, with the proverbial eelfcomplacency of precocious youth, seems to think he can alone prove - bis fidelity ,ta tbe .Conservatives. t(y the most n *anton insolence to his old companions in uo.10. Nothing conld be tn worse taste Hi attempt to prevent Mr Deaxih claiming tbe privilege, to. which be was entitled, of subscribing the oath and big- seat as ti» jw»Mentative of It waa id iwTnore «o aa tbe member Jor Anzatissapfxwed to posaeas a (mattering of law, ltdid not require ery extensive knowledge of Parliamentary ractice to discover tbat tbe coarse proposed wafl unprecedented, apart from ita iojostice. r Gaunson'6 object was elm ply to brrag isgrace upon an iodividoal and odiom a poo party. Qis amiable intentions were, bowver, frustrated, and in a manner eomewhat surprising. Mr DEAKIN, ratber tban sab* mit to tbe suspicion of wrongdoing—either on bis own part or on tbat of his friendsresolved to cat tbe Gordian kiot by sending in his resignation to tbe Speaker. )3ow, we do not wish to stop to consider tbe 3oiicy of tbis step. When tbe legality of i£R Deaetn's return for West Bonrke was discaseed, we pointed oat that the requirements of the Electoral Act had been {ally complied with, and tbat in iasuiDg his instructions to tbe returning officer the Attorney-General was eimplv performing his duty. We are still of the same opinion. What is more, we think that had Mr Deakin been leas sensitive and possessed of more practical experience in politics, he would have gone before tha Elections and Qualifications Committee, and sncceesfnlly defied his opponents to unseat him. In resigning, he has at least vindicated his disinterestedness, and removed a bone of contention that mast have had the effect of greatly retarding the despatch of business, and possibly of preventing the Government introdncing the Reform Bill as oon as they contemplate. Mr GauKSON mast now cast aboot for another grievance, one more substantial than the Newham bangle, or thai anything broadied in the ad captanduin etraggling speech of Mr SebyiCE. This gentleman seemed to think it necessary to say something upon the address in -reply to tbe Governor's Speech, and the House was accordingly treated to a re-hash of Mb recent utterance at Maiden, nothing more. There was the nsual howl abont Black Wednesday. Hie growled over the appointment of Mr FabkelI. to the position of Parliamentary. librarian Some donbts were expressed regarding the success of the loan, and the advantages gained by the embassy. There was nothing startling in all this, and that he did not make a better show than usual in his slangwhanging style would indicate that he feels he has got a bad case, and tbat his cue is simply to abnse the other side. If the Opposition can only harass and abuse, the sooner they cease and proceed to business the better, otherwise the Government must have recourse to the powers which in sach emergencies they undoubtedly possess, in order to puBh on the legislation urgently reqnired by the country. To suppose that a whipper-snapper and mushroom politician, whoseoverweening vanity creates misgivings as to the character of the native-born youth who ultimately must role this country, should be permitted to stand in the way of busiaess is beyond all endurance. Mr SERVICE and the Opposition, for their own sake, should endeavor to curb the impetuosity and the ambitious desire to shine manifested by their ally, whose capers are much more likely to bring confusion to the ranks of his friends than to his foes. It mast be evident, from a careful pemsal of Taesday's proceedings in the Assembly, that the Government require all the moral support that can be given by the people. Tbe conduct of their representatives should be eagerly watched and remembered at the hustings. Disciplinary, no less than political, obligations are called for at so critical a juncture. Every attempt to raise false issues—every cry intended to damage the popularity of the Government, who can alone be entrusted to procure constitutional reform, shonld bs met at the outset, aad exposed. The Liberals, in and ont of tbe House, must close their ranks," prepared to deal the decisive blow, which may make or mar the fortunes, and shape the destinies of this colony. While we fight for principles, we should cot ignore allegiance to tbe leaders of onr party. Personally no man, not even the leader of the Conservatives, can be expected to be an angel of sweetness and light. Let the individual be sank in the politician. Let no consideration con' sis tent with a sense of daty and honor in terfere with the determination of tbe Liberals to cany, daring the present session, a Reform Bill, satisfactory, if possible, to all parties, bat decidedly satisfactory to tbe great democratic majority, whose will should be paramount in tbe State, and whose capacity for self-government has been folly demonstrated. The English mm3 steamer arrived at Albany at half-past three a.m. yesterday. We understand that there will Tery likely be nine material attention In the post office arrangements at Ballarat K&at.; It would appear that representations have been made to the Post Office Department to ahow that the branch in the Eaat is of sufficient importance to need the care and nf^wtmn of a posttnaateT and the uaual aides, and that in consequence of these representations the department bad appointed a gentleman to the position of poetmaster in the new branch. Yet another has been added to tbe many com plications which surround the title to the valuable ground now beld by the Band and Albion Consols by the sale yesterday, under a writ of Ji. f a, of the rjgbt and title of the St. George and Band Company to tile diipnted territory. Under instructions from the aherifi, Mr Claxton submitted the lots mentioned below, at hie roams; but before the •ale, Mr Hardy, solicitor, gave notice, on behalf of Mr J. Magor, that persons buying the tenements would purchase into a lawsuit. - Tbe auctioneer having remarked that he did not think Mr Hardy would object to the lawsuit, the sale progressed, with the following result:—Lot 1, portion of 'mining tenement or block -claim numbered 451 south of the line AB, Mr J. Magor, £30. Lot 2, portion of mininj tenement or block claim numbered 451 north o' the line AB; Mr Harris, Beaufort, £10. Lot 3, portion of mining tenement or bloci claim, numbered 442 north of the line AB, and west of tbe line BC; Mr Harris, Beaufort, £10. Lot 4, portion of mining tenement or block claim numbered 442 east of tbe line BC; Mr T. Gray, £5. Lot 5, mining tenement or block claim numbered 466, aitnate north of the line AB; Mr W. Barton and party, £31. Lot 6, mimngtenement or block claim nrimbere&477, situatenorth and west of the line AB mod JnngwinhV private property; MrT. Gray, SJ. It will thus be seen that 'Barton and party have purchased the St. George and Band title to the celebrated tenement 466, or jomped ground; while. •wrtHw venturesome speculator, Mr Harris, has bought into the suit. What the next step will be it is difficult to foretell, but we understand that it is the intention of "Barton and put; to take legal action on their title derived from yesterday's purchase. A serious accident happened to a young man named Edward Lucas, who ia in the employment of Messrs Drew and Smith, of Bridge etreet, yesterday morning. Lucas started to drive a pair of young horses in a loaded dray to Egerton, and be waited up. ths Woodman's Hill until opposite MnrrelTe hotel, when be laid hold of a case in the front of tbe dray to.get up by. The case unfortunately gave way, and falling down, started the horses, which jumped off, and pulled the wheels of the near aide of the vehicle over the young man's legs, bruising the right one considerably. Lucas had a companion with him, who took tbe load on to Egerton, while he himself waa brought by Mr Murrell in to the Hospital, where his injuries were attended to. The Scaradale police court waa yesterday Tery largely attended, to hear the charge of negligence brought against James Cox, who was driving the engine when Bobert Southward met his death by falling dawn the shaft of the Scandals Compan; on 21st May last Mr W.T. C. Kelly prosecuted, and Mr Hnlaywn appeared for the defence. After a lengthy enquiry, the bench decided to tbe case. d Constable 0"Grady, on duty at the Western railway station, has many a time saved a reckless imbiber from dangerous proximity to the locomotives, (7 locking him up, aad last night the constable *$ain distinguished himself. He found a covple of jnW eonls, in a-very-tangled condition on a condr of tire platform, and fearful lest tbey might get oli the rails aud try to stop the engines, he ashed them home, as the rolling stock oa the lines must not be interfered with. They went with him, and will be dealt with to-day at the police court. A telegram was yesterday received by Mr W. M. Acheson from the telegraph master at Cape Otway, stating that the Hampshire, having on board Archdeacon Potter and family, had been sighted, eighty-nine days out from London- It is probable, therefore, thst the vessel will arrive at Sandridge to-day. We understand there is a strong probability ot the Railway Department appealing against the decision of the City bench in dismissing tbe recent charge of assault laid by Porter Holmes against D'Arcy Head, the " ghost" proprietor. The secretary of the Benevolent Asylum has received from Mr T. Dunn, Mount Beckwith, the enm of £5 3s, -proceeds of ball given there under tbe direction of Mr G. Gordon, A. Coutts, S. Sherlock, N. M'Leod, and T. Dunn; also £S 16s 6d, proceeds of an entertainment given at Amphitheatre, promoted by Mr M-Donald, Mr Sutherland, and other residents. The unusual depression prevailing, and want of employment, is telling with peculiar severity upon the Benevolent Asylum, and the amonnts referred to come in at a mOBt opportune time, and will be most thankfully welcomed by the committee. A special meeting of tbe Ballarat City Fire Brigade wae beld at tbe station last evening, to consider and order on correspondence from the Allerding fnnd committee, asking patronage and attendance at concert on Friday next. It was resolved that tbe patronage of the brigade be granted, and that the members appear in uniform on that occasion. The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Hospital was held at the institution last night, when a large amount of routine busiaess, of which a report appears elsewhere, was transacted. The following message was received by tbe Telegraph department from Adelaide yesterday: — TTie break in the cable is believed to be about . JO miles from Port Darwin. If all goes well, it is hoped tbat it will be repaired by Sunday next. A steamer with telegrams may be expected at Port Darwin about Thursday or Friday." A committee, consisting of Messrs Balderston, Croagb, Da-vies, SusaeU, M'Haffie, and West, with Mr Twiss ss honorary secretary, wss formed at Napoleons oa Tuesday evening, in the State school, for the purpose of considering what steps sbonld be taken to raise fnnds for the benefit of tbe Ballarat District Hospital It was dedded that a concert and ball should be held on Friday, the 29th August next. From the generous support of the public generally in the past, and the determination of the committee to secure the best vocal and instrumental music possible, it is confidently expected that the entertainment will be a enccess, and that the foods of the Hospital will be handsomely augmented thereby. The German Association held their general meeting at the Dutch Harry hotel, Main street, last evening; the president, Mr A. Velten, in the chair. After tbe usual routine business, the secretary submitted his half- yearly report and tbe balance-sheet, showing, -after deducting all expenses, a surplus of £69 3s 10tf which in addition to a capital of £300 on hand, brings the funds of the eoriety up. to tbe total amount of £369 3s lOd. Officers for the enBuing six months were elected as follows:—Mr Anton Velten, president (re-elected); Mr Awege, vicepresident ; Messrs Reitz, Wein, Adam Klein, and Petersen, committeemen; Mr Kawerau, auditor (re-elected); and Messrs Braun, Engelhard, Johann Heinz, and Bitz (all re-elected), as library committee. The half-yearly communion service in connection with tbe Ballarat Evangelical Alliance waa held in the Dawson Street Congregational Church last night. There was a very good attendance of ^mm^tijppnig and others, and the Bev. Joseph Walker (Congregational) presided. The Bev. Henry Bath (W&deyan;) preached a very eloquent sermon, and the sacramental address was delivered by the Bev. J. W. Inglis (Presbyterian). The following prizes, given by the gentlemen named, were inadvertently omitted by tbe secretary train the list at the lata Bummbe&t; and Windermere ploughing match:—Class A.—Fourth prize, Mr Knoll, saddler, Doveton street, winkers; and Messrs Gordon and Engelhsrdt, saddlers, Armstrong etreet, winkers. Class B.—Fourth prize, Messrs Allender and White, pair of trousers; and Mr Mills, saddler, Mair street, winkers. Class B.—Fifth prize, Mr G. Crocker, Stnrt street, trousers and vest Class D.—Second prize, Mr Denier, Mair street, three-hone set of swingletrees and £5. Class D.—Third prize, Mr Cohen, Sturt street, pair hames; and Mr J. E. Andrews, Stnrt street, value £1, and £3. The annual congregational tea meeting of St. Paul's Church. Cluiies, was held in the town hall on Tuesday, and was very successful and enjoyable. After the tea, addresses were given by tbe Bevs. Messrs Langley, Mercer, Pitfleld, and Cooper. It was hard to discover which was the meat prevalent feeling—pleasure at the return of Mr Cooper, or regret at the loss of Mr Pitfleld. Some choice music waa given in very superior style by the church choir; Mr A. Bataonactang as conductor, and Mr Wilmares presiding at the harmonium. The latter gentleman is a most promising musician, who has just come from Melbourne and taken up his abode at Clones; and deserves special mention as being the son of Mr Wilmares, for many yean one of the engineers of the Port Phillip Company. Miss Weickhardt presided at the piano, and Miss Kempson, tbe organist of the church, assisted Mr Wiunaxes. The financial statement showed the church to be entirely clear ot debt. The Bev. Mr Pitfleld, who has officiated in place of the Bev. Mr Cooper, the incumbent, during his absence of over three months, now goes to the district of Brown HQl. The first of a series of entertainments proposed to be held every month for the benefit of All Saints' Church, took place on Tuesday night, at the schoolroom, Dmmmond street. Considering tbe inclemency of the weather, there was a good attendance. Mr W. T. C. Kelly occupied the chair, and Mrs Nicholls aad Mr Geo. Herbert alternately presided at the piano. The following programme was admirably rendered, and highly appreciated:—Glee, " On yonder rock reclining," choir; song," Thy face," Miss Greville; song, Mr Wilkinson; duet, "Won't you buy my pretty flowers,'' Mr Harrison and Miss Johnson song, The dear little shamrock," Mr Davies, song, "Erin, my countiy," Miss Greville; solo (piano), Mr G. Herbert; song, Mr Wilkinson; glee, "War song of the Druids," choir; duet, "Home to our mountains," Mr Davies and Mrs Nicholls; song, "X think upon that happy time," Miss Middleditch; song, "Speak to me," Miss Johnson; pianoforte solo, Mr G. Herbert; song, ''Ko, my courage," Mr Wilkinson; glee, "Balmy Bight," iirht." ehnir: choir; " find God save «avn the thn Queen.' finnan " At the monthly meeting of the Clones Hospital committee on Monday evening, a matter that had given some vexation was cleared up. A rumor had got abroad tbat it was the practice to inter patients who died in the hospital without any religious rites. It was however shown that such was not the case \ tbe only instance having been one old man, whose religion the contractor had failed to discover, and two Chinamen. A cheque for seven guineas was reoeived from Messrs Irving Brothers, farmers in the district, in recognition ot the kind and skilful treatment their brother had received during four months* stay in tile Hospital. Objection was taken to this amount as insufficient, there having been some misunderstanding about the patient being a paying one. It was stated that an air-bed bad been procured expressly for *»'"•. and this had been rendered all but useless by damage; also tbat an operation had been performed on him, which outside the institution would have cost £20. It was, however, said in reply that the operation was not connected with the complaint from which the patient suffered at the time, and was performed at the surgeon's request, and not by the desire of the patient or bis friends, and further that the brothers were not, beyond the ties of relationship, responsible for the patient, who was in such a position that be was not likely to be able to repay than. It was deeded that the brothers be applied to, asking payment for the air-bed at least. A new form was adopted for signature by applicants for treatment, stating that they are not entitled to assistance from any benefit society. The surgeon's report shewed that there had been admitted during the month 7 males and 8 females; discharged, -8 males and 10 females; died, 1; leaving 15 males and 11 females in the house. During the month there had been 361 visits of out-patients. Our Elaine correspondent writes:—"The great event of the season came oft here on Friday last— the grand concert and ball in aid of the school prizes fund. There was a crowded house (many being unable to gain admission), a good programme, and a grand amy of talent—-the principal local, and the leading amateurs of Ballarat and Geelong, having kindly consented to appear. The programme waa as follows:—Pianoforte solo, " Garryowen," Miss Smith; "Molly Asthore," and "Won't you tell me why, Robin ?" Miss Mitchell "General Jinks," "Smiling Tom," and "Medicine Jack," Mr a Webber; "The dear little Shamrock," Mr J. W. Sail; "Tbe Mountain lad," and " Wishing Cap," Miss Parker encored); "NilDesperandnm,"and"His R. Wilkinson; " Won't you buy my pretty flowers," and "Farewell, Leonora." Miss B. Mitchell; "The anchor's weighed," and "The good-bye at the door," Mr A. Carnegie; duet, "The lily and the rose," Miss Smith and Miss Patrick; "Killarney (beautifully sung) and "Thy face," Miss Greville; duet "Tis sad to say farewell," Miss Greville and Mr R. Wilkinson; "The old Sexton," Mr James Rattray; anbd comic readings by Messrs W. H. Bail and Duffy, that of the latter being a localised version of "Father Blake's subscription list," creating intense amusement. The singing of Misses Parker, Greville, and Mitchell deserves special mentioo, while the comic songs of Messrs Webber and Wilkinson were all that could be desired, each of them having to be repeated. Mr Webber's ventriloquism waa a deeided success, being one of the most amusing parts of the entertainment. Miss Smith presided at the piano in her usual able manner, and Mr G. H. Chapman, correspondent of tbe board of advice, did duly as chairman. Dancing was kept up till five o clock. Altogether tbe affair was the best ever held in the district." Mr H. Lewis, from Sandhurst, will succeed Mr J. M. Troup as locomotive superintendent at the Western railway station. Messrs Curtis and Seott, J.P., presided at the Town lock-up yesterday, and fined two lads named Johnston and Beaaton 20s each, or seven days' imprisonment, for insulting behavior. The anniversary of the Humffray Street Mutual Improvement Association was celebrated on Tuesday evening last by a pnblic tea and entertainment, Mr Walker being caterer; but owing to the inclemencv of the weather, not so many partook of the good things provided as was anticipated. At the entertainment, which waa almost crowded to excess, the following programme was gone through, evoking many encores from the andience:— Overture, " Prince Imperial galop," Miss Johns (piano), Mr B. Jones (violin); "Death of Minnehaha," Mr Dempster; solo, "Speak, only Bpeak," Mies Wilson; harmonica solo, " Home, sweet home," Mr Strickland; duet "The minute gun at sea," Messra B. James and B. Phillips; reading, "The lovers' sacrifice," Mr Drummond; solo (pianoforte), " The maiden's prayer," MisB Ferguson; " Woman's rights," Mr Dempster; sslo, " Nobody's child," Miss Caddell; piaaoforte solo, 'Abyssinian expedition." Miss Gilbert; recitation, " Betty White," Mr W. Roberts; solo, " Who's that tapping at the garden gate ?" Miss Ferguson; reading, " Conjngal lesson," Mr M'Master; duet, " The larboard watch," Messrs R. James and R. Phillips; reading, " The outwitted landlord," Mr J. Taylor. The grave-yard from " Hamlet" — grave- diggers, Measn Vickery and Hambly; Horatio, Mr R. James; Hamlet,[Mr E. Phillips. Marche aux flambeaux, Miss Betchford (piano), Mr B. Jones (violin); comic solo, "Poll down the blind," Mr B. Phillips; reading, "The night of terror," Mr Drummond; harmonica solo, " Lullaby," Mr Strickland; solo, Won't you buy my pretty flowers?" Miss Wilson; reading, " I vant to fly," Master T. Phillips; duet, " Money matters," Miss Ferguson and Mr B. Phillips; reading. " Chief Justice is the stocks," Matter J. Fletcher; "God save the Queen." o The usual monthly meeting of the Ballspit East praHsf Board of Advice was held last night at State school "No. 31. Present—Messrs J. Russell (chairman), Robertson, Dunn, M'Kee, and Fritchard (correspondent). An apology was received and accepted from Mr Whitehead. Correspondence from the department upon various matters wss received and acted npon. A letter, was received from Mr John James, M.L_A_, intimating that he T had interviewed tbe bon. the Minister of Public oPIc Inslruction, urging upon him tbe desirability of immediately proceeding with the additions to State achool, Eureka etreet, and tbat the Minister bad promised that tenders should be called for the same in a few days. A unanimous vote of thanks was passed to Sir James for tbe kindness and promptitude displayed by him upon all occasions in furthering tbe interests of education in this district A vote of thanks to the chair brought the meeting to a close. The celebration of the half-yearly change of chairs in tile Loyal Phsnix and Standard lodges, AJ-O.OJ^took place last night at Blight's Boyal Standard hotel. The newly-appointed officers were:—Phoenix Lodge—Br Weaving, N.G.; Br Morris, V.G.; Br Mason, treasurer; Br Edmunds, secretary. Standard Lodge—Br G. Gates, N.G.; Br Sim, V.G.; Br Ellis, treasurer; Br Silverlock, secretary. The election iu the former lodge took • place last Monday week, in the latter on Taesday. Sapper was catered for by Mr M'Kenzie in excellent style. There were about forty present; Br Gates in tbe chair, and Br Mason in the vice-chair. After supper the nsnsi toasts were drunk, and a very pleasant evening was passed. The vice-chairman, in reply to the toast of the combined lodges, said that the eick fnnd of the Fhcenix Lodge amounted to £230, of which £200 wae invested. There bad been only one death in tbe past half- year—that of an honorary member—and the sick pay for the last six months amounted to only £5 4s. Br Barton, in reply to the toast of The mining interest," said that he believed the result of tbe action is which he was engaged would be to cram down the throats of legislators tbat which they would not take in at their The secretary of the Ballarat (Sty Fire Brigade desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of £1 as a donation to demonstration fund from Messrs MagUl and Coghlan. A rehearsal of the company which will in a abort time give a concert in mid of the Cornish miaera' relief fnnd waa held in the schoolroom of the Lydiard Street Wesleyan Chnrch on Tuesday evening. There was a large attendance, and a very satisfactory rehearsal was held ; Mr Uren conducting. The relief movement has been taken up very heartily by our amateur vocalists, and the performances of those who attended on Taesday night give promise of a very good concert bang held in aid of the fund for the relief of the Cornish miners. In outlying districts, tod, the matter has been taken up, and in several neighboring townships concerts in aid of the fund have been suggested, and are likely to be held. A number of letters are held over owing to pressure on our news columns. Thi complimentary dinner tendered to Mr J. M. Troup by the employes in the Western station locomotive department, will take place at Craig's Boyal hotel this evening. It is expected the attendance will number about one hundred. Mr Jan. Mitchell, of Windermere, in answer to a requisition published in our advertising coli has consented to became a candidate for a seat in the BslIaratBhire Council to represent the south riding. A general meeting of the Cornish relief fund committee is convened for to-morrow evening, at right o'clock, at the Mechanics' Institute. By a typographical error in the central division mining returns in yesterday's issue, the number of alluvial minen for the June quarter was set down at 4000, instead of 400. It is the intention of the Phoenix dramatic clob to produce tha ever-popular drama, " Bob Boy, at the Academy of Music, on the 28th instant, i- rehearsal took place Isst evening, and if it be taken as a criterion, the performance will be a creditable and enjoyable one. There was a very large attendance at the octo miracnlosns exhibition yesterday, and the interest in the show on the part of the public continues unabated. To-night tbe illusion of the bodyless lady wfll be explained and exposed. The monthly meeting of the Australian Natives' Association will be held this evening. The No. 2 branch of tbe Hibernian Society meet this evening at the hall, Dawson street It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr J. Wittkowski intends in future to devote himself wholly to financing and hill-broking, and has removed his offices to Bath- street. We have received tbe fin t number of " Thatcher'_ Theatrical World," a small journal of eight pages, which is intended to give managers at homo aad abroad, and others interested in theatrical matters, a brief record of what is dung in these colonies, and especially in Melbourne. The assembling of Parliament (says the Age) did not reveal any material change in the state of parties, so far as the Legislative Assembly was concerned. Mr Monro, instead of resuming the seat which he has occupied for two- sessions behind the Government moved into the Ministerial corner. Mr Blackett, tbe newly-elected member for ntzroy.took his seat on the Opposition side, amidst some cheers from Opposition memben. MrZox located himself in his old place in the Opposition comer; whilat MrDeaKn and Mr W. M. Clark, hroofternew members, found places behind the In the report on post and telegraph offices laid before tbe Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, reference is made to the resolution passed last session in favor of tbe reduction of tbe postage rate on inland letters to Id, the reduction to take place from the 1st January, 188a The report says upon this subject, that " having regard to the other concessions proposed, which will involve a material loss of revenue, to the anticipated reduction in tbe amount contributed by the Imperial Government towards the Australian postal service, tod to the increased expenditure rendered necessary by tbe new regulations about to be introduced with a view to improve the position of the letter-carriers and other subordinate offlcan of the department it will, upon reMnsideration, probably be deeied impracticable to cany the above resolution into effect, as it would entail a loss during the first year of probably not less than £49,000, or abont onefourth of the entire postal revenue of the colony." A caucus of Opposition mambenol the Assembly™ heia at Parliament House on Tuesday «ftem»n,forithe purpose of considering the line of action to be adopted during the session. It was that the most stringent aUidtmana the most vigorous opposition should he offered to the Government policy from the vay opening of the session; Opposition members Wfflgof opinion that as business is likely to be rmldly pusbel on.it would be advisable to make the most of the opportunity, 4a Oder to Influence the country es far as possible -with a view to the general election- Acting In accordance with the prefaflmg sentiment amongst his party, Mr Service made what, fer a first night, was tn unusually energetic and detailed attack upon administration of public affairs. Last nigbt's Herald says:—" The doings ia pM liament on Tuesday evening formed the staple of conversation in the city on Wednesday. Judgu,, by the opening night, the session will be a storm? one. We believe, however, that Ministers wfll re. fnse to permit themselves to be drawn into meaa ingleas ana angry discussions, but will devou themselves to the task of pushing on with tu^ legislative measures as will tend to restore coa£. deuce and facilitate the return of better times. I0 this they will undoubtedly have the hearty support of the great bulk of the commanity." The following important declaration with re. ference to the new Catholic organisation is made in the Advocate of Saturday last:—"The Catholic organisation is not being formed to claim a separate grant for our body, still less for any alteration of the act in favor of denominational education. That really is what we should like beat, as it would giTe the church that complete control which in tbe education of youth it is salutary it should posses • but vielding to the opinion of the majority, that concession is not demandedr The movement only aims at obtaining such an alteration as will leave the control of secular education in its present hands, but will, at the same time, leave Catholics, Protestants, Jews, and all other sects, perfectly at liberty to nuke adequate provision for the religious education of their children in school between school hours." 1 The result of the hsllot for the appointment ot liquidators to the estate of the Provincial and Suburban Bank was announced (says tbe Age) oa Tuesday night by Mr Tyssen, manager of ths English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bant as follows:—F. C. Mason, £8 votes; B. E. Jacomb, 56; A. Lyell, 46;. B. Mackey, 43; Adcock, 89; Watkine, 7; G. Walstab, 6. Messrs Mason, Jacomb, and Lyell having been elected, will be the liquidstors, as it is understood that the petitions now pending will be withdrawn. The London correspondent of the Argus writes: —"It is stated in well-informed quarters that Sir George Bowen is not likely to remain long at the Mauritius, a transfer to another governorship being in contemplation." In anticipation oF extra duties being collected at the Customs on certain items, a great rush took place on Tuesdsy of merchants esger to save an; extra dnties, and the - amount collected was £20,062 17s 8d. The principal items on which duties were paid (says the Age) were spirits and tobacco, particularly the latter. B. W. Bennett (writes the Horsham Time was arrested on Monday afternoon upon another charge of larceny as a bailee with respect to a bill exchange. The information was laid by two named Hickey and Wallace. Bennett was released npon bail to the amount of £1000, to appear on Saturday next. Detectives Eason and Hartney are at present in Horsham, and are understood to be investigating other cases ot alleged fraud. The Sandhurst correspondent of tbe Age, under aesday's date, writes:—" Another fatal accident ccurred to-day, by which a miner named William iatt lost his life in a fearfully sudden manner. t appears the deceased was engaged working m a utting six feet deep in the G.G. Consolidated Company's claim at Garden Gully, when, without tbe slightest warning, the ground overhead gave way, completely burying tbe unfortunate man. Means were at once taken to extricate the deceased, and medical aid called in, bnt on the body being removed from tbe debris life was found to be extinct. An inquest will be held on the deceased, who leaves a widow aad large family. The WinuueraStar writes:—One strange ieatnrs in connection with the invasion of. the district by rabbits, is the fact that tbe aborigines will not eat the bunnies, the darkies* reply to all iavitabone to partake of the food being invariably, "new tellov no good." Messrs M •treat, have just completed, to the order of the Government!, for H.M. ship Nelson, a new galley cooking range on the most improved principle This (says the Age) is one of the largest ranges for ship's use which has yet been produced in thi colonies. Mr Bent intends (says the Telegraph) to bring under the notice of Parliament the action of ths Minister of Railways in compelling the employes on tbe suburban railways to forego the privilege tbey nave hitherto enjoyed of travelling free to and from their homes, and he on Tuesdsy gave notice of his intention to ask the Minister the reason for this action. The telephone-has been put to practical use st Newtown, Geelong. It affords communication between the private houses of Mr Link and Mr Upton, a distance of 800 feet Thin insulated galvanised wire is used, and it is stretched 30 test above the ground from one gum-tree to another, sni carried into the respective houses of the gentlemen named. The telrabones (says the Advertiser) hare constructed by Mr W. J. Thomas, some tlight improvements baring been made in the oli instruments used. Tbe "call" is obtained b? means of a small battery in circuit by turning t ratchet wheel against a strip of metal, msking aid breaking the contact alternately. The alarm can be heard at a considerable distanoe. Tbe trustees of the National Gallery have (states tbe Aoe) received by die Kent an oil painting by Mr G. F. Folingsby, entitled "The First Meeting of Henry VUL and Anne Boleyn." A rather peculiar circumstance happened os Tuesday at Sandhurst An inquest bad been held upon the body of a man named John Halls, who died suddenly in M'lvor street At tbe amelusion of this inquest, the coroner proceeded to Golden square, to hold an enquiry into the death of a man named William Piatt, who was killed on the G.G. Consolidated Company's lease. Upoas jury bring summoned, the coroner colled over the names in tbe usual way, when he found tbat one of the jnrymen was named James Halls. He then remarked that he had just held an inquest uptms man named Halls, when the juryman mentioned exclaimed, "Perhaps that is my father." Hr Strickland allowed the man to look over the depositions of the inquest he had just held, when it was found tbat the man's surmise was coned. Until that moment (says the Adcertiser) he hid not heard of his father's death, and was natunlly much shocked when the intelligence came to fain. He was exempted from sitting upon the jury vtaA had just been summoned, in order that he might attend tbe funeral of bis father, which wss to tita place that afternoon. 