NAPOLEONIC SUPEESTITIONS. I . Br iloSOBKE D. COSWIT. I Ia the will of Napoleon III. oeoars the fallowing remarkable, passage :-.. With re gard to my son, let him keep as a talisman the eeal I usnd to wear attached to. my watob, and wLiob' cornea from my mother ; let him oarelully preterve everything that cornea to me from the Emperor, my unole y and let him be coaviooed that my heart aod my aonl remain with him." The telegram from Olpe Town whioh announced the find ing of the late ex-Prince Imperial contains the'e words : " Tue Prlooe's body waa foaod ?tripped of all olotbing, bat had not sutured any mutilation, and tbe reliquary whioh he wore suspended by a obain Iroin his ueok, together with his watch and rioga, was found iyiag near the spot where he full." The " talisman" whioh the lats Emperor BO aolemuly enjoined bi« soo Jo wear, whioh he did wear, and which returaa to bis mother from that wiid Been» beside the Tombbkata. ia aim. st certainly the onoe famous oUarm of Charlemagne. It lisa a more interesting story tuan any gem in Europe, if not in tbe world. Ia the oourse of studies for other purposes I have recently come upon legendary traoea of thia oorious objeot. " La plus belle relique de l'Europe," aa a French antiquarian described it in the laat generation, was by one myth «Bid to have ueon contrived by one of the Magi belonging to the oourt of Haroun-al-Basohid, who came from the East to pay homage to th» great Emperor of the WeBt along with certain ambassadors. The wife of Charlemagne, Faslrada, asked the Magi for a talisman whioh would always cause her husband to be fascinated by ita wearer, and this charm waa framed at her instance. But another fable ascribed to it the following origin. While Charlemagne had bis aeat at Zum Loch, near Zurich, administering exaot justioe to all, be had a column flied at his gales with a ball and a rope. It was open to anyone de manding justioe to sound this bell; and when tbe Emperor beard it, even though at his meals, he would instantly answer the summons. On one oooaBion thia bell was repeatedly rung without any person being lound near it. At length an enormous serpent waa found twined^ around the rope. The Emperor, hearing "thia, immediately went forth ; tho serpent inolioed respectfully before him, and thea moved slowly off; Charlemagne followed it to the river, where be saw a monstrous toad sitting upon the neat and eggs of the Berpent. Resolved to administer justioe to all creatures, the Emperor ordered the toad to be burned. A tow days after, this serpont orept into tbe judgment- ball, bowed low to the Emperor, orept upon the table, and having dropped a precious atone into a golden goblet, glided quietly away. The Emperor, impressed by this marvel, built on the spot where tbe serpent's nest bad been a churoh called (.* Wasserkelob." He gave the preoioua stone to his beloved spouse, Fastrado. The stone so drew toward her the Emperor's love that he oould hardly suffer her out of his eight. Io the hoar of ber death, the Empress, dreading lest another should succeed her in tbe affec tions of the Emperor, placed the gem beneath her tongue, and it was bnried with her. Oharlemange oould not separate himself from tho body, and, for eighteen years carried it about with him. At JeDgtb his confessor, by Borne blaok art, disoovored the Btone and ita virtues ; after whioh Ohorlemange allowed tbs body to be interred, and transferred bia sffeotlon to the oonfosaor, who beoame his Prime Minister, Archbishop of Mainz, and Chanoellor of the Empire. But then, either in a moment of repentance or anger, this individual threw the stone into a lake near Ingetbiim. Then the affection of Oharle mange was diverted from his former favourite to Ibo lake, and he built beside it a palace, for whose decoration his other imperial reBidenoss were made bare. Bat when Oharlemange came to die, bis throes were long and violent ; and the archbishop, knowing the oauBO, had the lake dragged tor the gem he had thrown into it. The talisman having been restored to the person of the monareh, he died peacefully (1814). The tomb of Charlemagne, ut Air-la Ohapolle, waa opened by Ono III. ia 097, ana it ia slid tuat tho wonderful gem was fjuod suspended from his ueok. However that may be, the gem bad been for a long time the most valued rt lio in Aix-la-CUapelle when it was presouted by that city to Napoleon I. It was at a moment when he seemed to many, pre-eminently to himself, an avatar of Charlemagne. ÑapolooD pre sented it to his favonrite Hortense, ci-devant Queen ot Holland. At her death, ia 1837, it passed to ber son, Napoleon III. It shared his imprisonment at Ham', and accompanied bim through all his vicissitudes. In the, oourBe of -its long history the preoioaa stone has undergone evolutions. The nut-like stone constituting its s basia ia surrounded by antique filigree of floe gold, and is Bet with various gems. There are several relias about it. -Ia the oentre is a portion of tba Holy Cross. Possibly it gained its aanotity after losing ita virtues aa a love oh arm. Some- of the varianta of ita legend look aa if its virtues had gone into tbe thermal waters of Aix-la-Ohapelle, which would aooount for the association of tho ser pont with it-of old the guardian of welle. At any rate, Hortense had aa experience of ita attractive poners widely different from that of Eaatrada. The Magiao amulet oould not ao-operate with the true arose, and 'Hortense was divorced from ber husband ia ,1810. It appears to have had equally little ot the power originally asoribed to it in the : OdBa of tho lato E uiperor. For while it was worn by him, and he was writing so sol emnly aoout it in his will (dated 241h April, 1805), he wrote Badly ia another dlause of the same instrument tbat " oontemporarieE seldom render (one) justice," aud " it ie necessary to consider tuat from Heavaa on high those whom you have loved regard and protoot you; it ia the soul of my illus trioua uncle that has always inspired and sustained me." . ' . ' Whether tho late Emperor wonld have ex pressed himaelf so strongly about the talis man if hia will had been written after Solan, is questionable. ' lt ia'open to spéculation how for tho young ex-Prince was influoncoc by this talisman.. That, whioh his fathoj wore at his .watch chain. the sou wort suspended upon his breast, as Catholics weai the most eaorod reliquaries in whose protec tive virtues they believe. The strang* mystiool addrossod to tho Deity found amonj this youth's papers reveal a degree 01 superstition about himself whioh amounts tc a psychological phenomenon. At the seat o war in Africa ho displayod a reoklossnesi which has led some to believe that his desiri to do '* something to get himself talker about" (words reported from him by hil intimate friend - M. Amigues) amounted ti insanity, whilo others believe that ba Bough; death. But it is possible that a natura rashness ' of disposition, and tho tradltloi that a Napoloun .must bogia with a militar; halo, wero' turned to fatal foroes by asare faith in the potenoy of this talisman. .-.' There is, 1 tbiuk, no reason to snppos that tho Bonaparte family are by natur, more superstitious than others. It wouli rather appear that Imperialism itaelf ia 1 great superstition, and that all who beoomi belra to lt find themselves brought into 1 weird realm of shadows, «kiah beoomi potent through belief ia their reality. Ol the day when the telegraph brought newe 0 the finding of tba yoong pre ti aler's bidy, : waa present at a performance of Vioto Sugo'agHemant by the Comedie Fraognleo London, Tue royal box WSB filled, and (baa. ia it had an opportunity of loaming tb primitive sense of that imperialist titi whioh Lord BeaoonBfleld latoly hang rouni tho neok of Yiatorla aa a talisman to win th homage of India. Dou Carlos anton tho tomb of Obarlomange a King ; ho como out on Emperor. Tho King bad boon 1 contemptible wretoh, assailing the virtue of 1 helpless laäy, separating her from ber lover, albeit tbe latter had spared bis life ; the Em peror ie noble, raiaea the lovers to dignities, and onites them. In the romantic imagination even-ol Viotor Hago, filly years ano, there waa a divinity hedging «boat an Emperor. When the three strokes of tbe distant bell have announced that the eleetion has fallen on Don Carlos, and be suddenly appears at the door of tbe mausoleum, «here be had aeoreted himself to overhear his conspirators, these men, brave and «ranged, are para lysed in his presence, their lights go ont, their weapons are lowered. Behind the Emperor .is not only Charlemagne, bat a long procession of majealio gbosts who in tbeir day vindioated the man in whom «as nobility against the man «bo was in the nobility. Tbe media) ral struggle between the hereditary ohief and the obitf Dei gratia is now represented by tbs rivalry between legitimacy and a government 11 by the wilt of dod'and tbe French people;" and as in tbefar past Pretenders looked lor signs from beaven where Legitimists looked to pedigrees, even now «a find anoient superstitions hovering around Imperial, long alter they have lelt merely royal bouses. Not long ago the little Prince Waldemar died at Berlin. Next day it «as telegraphed over' Europe that a soldier on nigbt-watoh had seen "the White Xa,dy." When the Prince of Wales waa supposed to ba dying at Sand ringham, he had a no more distinguished banshee than a dog, whose howling ons night sounded over England next day. Nor oan I learn that there has been any apparition of tba Whits Lady announcing a death until the King of Prussia became the Emperor of Germany. The White Dove whioh tbs Bona partial reporter of tbe Oauloii saw descending upon St. Augustine Ch or oh, in Paris, on the oooasion of the Requiem for the Prinee Imperial, might at first be supposed a mere competitor with the White Lady. So long as a snpernatnral messenger it maintained in tbe imperial livery on the right bank of the Ubina, it can hardly be expected that Buoh a' dignity will be dispensed with on the left bank, especially Blnce it is very okeap. But really these apparitions have no connection except in the primitive mental and moral habitat of imperialism j wherever that ancient atmosphere reoeivos a shook, these old mythla bats are atartlod, aud flit about, and then subside till-the next time. But they report just what is over present in tho imperialist mind, detaching it from the every day light of oommon-sensa and republican pnnoiplo. Tue White Lady is a survival from the Norse goddess Frigga, the wife of Odin. When Odin, or Woden, was diabolized into a Wild Huntsman, Frigga was deolared by the Christian missionaries to be a she devil. But this degradation succeeded but slowly. " Frigga bad boen a sweet Madonna to the Germans, and when she ceased to be worshipped she beoame the Good Fairy. She was even believed in some regions to have beoome a proselyte of the Christian faith, and to attend the baptism of her favourites. From being the protector of all German households, Bbo beoame the guardian of the imperial family, which represented all families. Tuis popular superstition was fostered ia high plaaes, sinoe it invested the throne with an association of antiquity, and also of original aonneotion with the peasantry. The tradition had its utility OUOB, and is now a survival. The White Dove oom ea from tba anoient Christian heavens, and in, imperial symbol ism baa always been supposed tobring the divine sanotion whioh it brought at the baptism of Christ-"Thia la My beloved Son !" It is said that to acquiro this Bsnotity Mahommed trained a white pigeon to peron on his shoulder. A white dove is Bsid to have brought the orism at the baptism of Clovis, founder of the French monaroby ; and a white dove was oarved on the sceptre of Charlemagne, aa founder of the German Empire. Whits doves were said ti) have come to bear the soul of Louis of Thnriogia to heaven-a legend remembered in the departure of Lohengrin in a boat drawn by white doves. Tbe Bymbol was adopted by the constitution of ,the Order of the, Holy Ghost in tho fourteenth century. At the oonBeoration of monarohs in Franoa it has always been the ouslom to let loose white pigeons in the oharoh. In England1, this ouatom is faintly remembered Tn that of bearing the dove soeptro before amonaroh at oonBecration. Ia France, where these tradi tions possess the greatest intensity, there is still a feeling among Imperialists tbtt the Holy Ghost mast procouuoe in favour of eaotl emperor who olaims to role abovo hereditary kings. Whenever there is au Inward appeal of thia kind for a elga from beaven, tho anBwer to it is pretty Bare to bs received-either by the artifioe of politicians, or through the potent vision of faith, whioh generally eeeB what it bas a mind to. 