Ladies' Column. ANOTHER year is fast drawing to a close, and Christ mas with its accompaniments of good wishes, smiling faces, and festivities is with ns again. Tho old year, like its predecessors, brought joys and sorrows. Many whoso laugh was heartiest and step lightest in tho merry-makings of 1878 have gone from our midst, and 1879 finds their chair vacant, and the laugh and step for over hushed. While sad and joyous memories cluster round the departing year, hope bids us look forward to a bright future, and a morry Christmas is amongst the anticipations ot most of us. Such I cordially wish all my readers will enjoy. Tho shopkeepers are doing their best to make a fine dis play ; and fruitorers, grocers, and fancy salesmen seem to endeavour to throw the attractions of pre vious years completely in tho shade, judging from tho way they are decorating their establishments, and from tho manner their good things aro being bought np by eager oustomors, their efforts aro evi dently rewarded. To the young folks, at least, Christmas is always a welcome season. There is first a*d foremost tho de lightful sense of freedom from books and sohool work for some weeks. Then their eager wondering as to what Santa Klaus will bestow OH them, but th oroWning glory is undoubtedly tho pantomimo, and ¡ pretty sight is afforded by the orowds of round-eyei wondering faces, which are to bo seen filling th theatres at .this season ; their enjoyment is so ap parent. Surely there never wore suoh beautifu fairies, nor a funnier mon ¡than the clown. Mater familias is driven nearly distraoted for days after wards by the young ladies of her family rumaginf the maternal wardrobe for finery to dreBf up as fairies, and Tommy and Johnny's efforts tc imitate the clown's tricks, greatly to tho detrimeni of the domestic utensils the young gontlemen'thinl fit to operate upon. For children of a larger growtl the season possesses its share of enjoyments. Thor« are »pionics and dances to bo got up, and for theil amusement I would suggest some games which are likely to be provocative of mirth. . Most people will give a dance or two to celebrate the joyous season, and daring the intervals some amusement may bo had by the German game of select ing partners for following dances in this manner. A lady knots a corner of her handkerchief, and gather ing tho four ends together so that the knotted one may not be distinguished from tho rest, she offers a corner to a gentleman, who pressos it with his finger and thumb. Drawing him with her, she offers a second corner to another partner, who does in liko manner. Thus accompanied, she repeats tho same operation with a third, holding a corner herself tho while. - The handkerchief is then opened out, each retaining his grasp, and the ono who holds the knotted end is entitled to become the lady's partner for tho next dance. The other gentlemen try their luck with another fair one.^ Another amusing way of choosing partners is praotised in Germany. A lady is seated in the centre of the room. Before her is a table on which a toilet mirror is placed. The gentlemen one by one come behind her, and as she sees their reflec tion in the mirror, she shakes her hoad at each, till the one she honours by choosing makos his ap-i pearanee, when a nod announoes her determination to accept him, and she vacates tho chair. Tho Americans have great fun in entertainments called "Ghost's Balls." Each person is enveloped in a sheet whioh effectually conceals tho wearer, head and all, leaving apertures for tho eyes and mouth. Disguising their voices, they glide about, endeavour ing to mystify their friends. On thoir identity being discovered, tho ponalty is that the sheet be laid aside, and the ¡wearer appears in his or her evening dress. In houses where the space is too limited to allow of dancing, the old gamesjof Forfeits, Scandal, I Old Maid and Animal Grab, do not fail to lamuso tho j players. Should the guests appear stiff and formal I a hearty lough 'can bo exeited by " Blow," which : is very simply played. Tho guests sit closely round tho table, from which the cloth has been removed, a < piece of cotton wool is rolled up and laid in the cen- < tro, and it is every oms duty to blow the wool to their neighbour's sido and away from their own, tho person on whom it alights being fined ; tho poals of laughter that arise from this gamo aro hearty indeed, while Bhyness and stiffness aro effectually banishod for tho rost of tho evening', I have seen gravo men and women join in this and laugh till tho tears ran down their cheeks. I advise my readers to try it. Many full dross parties will take placo now, and some exceedingly pretty costumes aro being devised for the hollos who aro to graco these gathorings. Ono to bo worn by a sparkling brunette is very tasteful, and has tho additional merit of hoing comparatively inexpensive ; the Bkirt is of roso pink muslin, made with doep kiltings, bodice and sloovos of tho same, over this a pinafore polonaise of tho airiest book muslin, ornamented with bows of ribbon to match tho skirt, white kid shoos, out low so as to ' Bhow the embroidered pink silk stockings, whito elbow gloves of silk, and pink and whito ,'rosos in coiffure. Another protty toiletto is made in tho fish wife stylo, of black tarlatane, and scarf of scarlet muslin, black shoos, stookings-scarlot with black Btripes. Though whito muslin is so protty and be coming to young people, it is by no moans an inexpen sive matorinl. However careful tho wearer may bo she cannot prevent tho marts of her partnor's hands from showing ronnd tho waist, nnlesB she refrains from dancing, which of course is quito out of tho quostion. It is a pity gontlemon have not a little more consideration in this respect, for though they enter tho ball room with gloves on, boforo half tho .vening is ovor from somo roason or othor those articles aro discarded, and our drosses suffer in oonsoquonco. Undor tho circumstances, blaok muslin, grenadine, or tarlatane is tho most sorviooablo material, and can bo worn to eovoral partios by alter ing tho bowB ; any colour that is becoming to the wearer may bo worn with tho costumo with good effect. I saw a pretty dress on a peííle lady tho othor evening, blaok gronadino, princoss robe, orna mented with sprays of gold whoat oars, festooning tho poloriaiBO, bunchos> of tho same adorned tho dark I hn.ir. clnrflR nf hlnnlr Irírl fltitnhnrl with rrnlrl nnlmirnd Bilk. GIPSY. The improvements and additions, which havo beor throe yoars in oonrso of being mado at Darlinghurst gaol, are now approaching completion, and m thc course of three months they will bo finished. Thoj oonsist of tho building of a now outer wall and tho re construction and ro-arrangoment of some of tho in terior offices and walls. Tho work inBido the gaol ÍE being done by prison labour, and the outer wall is being erected by Mr. Wadsworth, contractor. With a view of affording greater convenience to the private box holders at tho General Post Oflico, tho Hon. Saul Samuel, Postmaster-General, haa had fixed a number of Yalo Post Oflico lock boxes, such as aro extensively used in tho United Statos, The boxes have recently been received from America, and aro now being fitted up in a portion of tho delivery room, which will bo dividod off as a lobby, and to which tho public will gain access from tho northern arcade of tho building. Ono Bpocial feature of tho Yale boxes is that thoy will all bo locked, and each boxholdor will be sup plied with one or moro keys, so that ho can go and obtain his correspondence at any timo during official hours. This will bo a great improvement, as under existing arrangements, moro noticeably on English mail days, persons sometimes have to wait thoir turn to bo served by thc clerks in attendance at tho delivery window. Tho rows of boxos ranged round the lobby with their neat brass fronts, each with its distinguishing number,, will presont a very ornato appearance. Mr. Samuel intendß to bring tho new box system into operation on 1st January, 1880. Tho charge to lessees will be ono, two, or three guineas per annum, according to tho size of their box. This frosh proof of tho Post master-General's desiro to study the public interest by affording all tho facilities possible at tho Post office will no doubt be appreciated by those con cerned. 