ALDERMAN McARTHUE, Under the heading of "Glut Ghat" the Methodist Journal of this week contains the subjoined paragraph. So far as we can understand its drift, it implies that the fact of Alderman McArthur being a. leading member of the Wesley an body gave him some sort of additional claim to a civic reception at' the cost of the ratepayers. We confess that it never occurred to us to take into account the question of the [religious -denomination to which our late visitor belongs, but as it is now suggested that this has a bearing upon the sub ject we fed bound to give prominence to that view. In our opinion it is not a consideration which outweighs the public and secular reasons we set forth, as explicitly and clearly as we were able, for objecting to the, expen diture of the rates in banqueting the worthy Alderman, but of course that is merely a matter of opinion. The paragraph, which by the way is extremely loose and mis leading in its statements, runs thus;—"I often notice that whenever the Register has the ghost of a chance it gives us Wesleyans a slap through our leading men. Should a Wee leyan aspire to a seat in Parliament and not succeed then the Register records itB unbounded satisfaction. But when he succeeds our church is accused of political combination, an accusa tion which reveals at once dense igporance of the character of Methodism and some thing which looks very like irreconcilable prejudice. True to its traditions and character the Register came out on Wednes day morning with a most ill-natured article on Alderman McArthur, . the spirit of which comes to this:—Who is this man that we should accord a civic reception to him ? Why not let him come and go as if he were nobody? A couple of years ago when two members of the Corporation of Melbourne paid Adelaide a visit they were entertained. by our Corporation at a banquet and driven about the city and suburbs; when the Australian cricketers returned from playing cricket round the world they were received by the Mayor and also had a drive around ; but when a distinguished member of the British House of Commons, an Alderman, and prospective Mayor of London comes all this way to see us we must show our selves utterly indifferent to his officid position, and let him come and go with no more recog nition than if he were some commercial traveller or some Yankee vendor of cheap books. According to the Register Mr. McArthur is not a profound philosopher because the Berryito organ in Melbourne considered that his speech at the Yonng Men's Christian Association was a reflection on the state of things in Victoria; and the Alderman should have received no recognition in Adelaide because the Mayor and Mr. Councillor Raphael cannot agree as to who ought to pay for the banquet and the drive, though both agree that these were necessary. Certainly to have allowed Mr. McArthur to come and go without any public recognition would have been untrue to our character as a courteous end hospitable people, and would have sacrificed eur reputation in the eyes of the world at the shrine of our denominational prejudices." 