SPIRITUALISM AND ITS EX POSERS, TO TUB KDlTOfi. Sir-—The tendency of some peojile tvlio call themselves intelligent to rush to conclusions in the absence of data and without consideration commensurate with the gravity of the issues involved, finds frequent exemplification. Take a recent illustration. An itinerant conjuror, professing to expose the so-called trickeries of spiritualism, visits Adelaide, and" we find that people whoprobably never before gave the subject a moment's thought leave White's Rooms with settled convictions as to the unreality of those most wonderful phenomena, to the genuineness of which millions of patient and earnest inves tigators have testified. The fact that the con juror himself sets up a claim to powers which barely fall short of what is called the miracu lous (vide Advertiser, April 12), and that this itself is but a reduction of former pre tensions on his part—at least so it is stated—and I leave Professor Baldwin to justify himself if necessary—does not appear to make the hollowness of the alleged exposure a whit more conspicuous. People who have notions as to what is a priori possible or impos sible readily accept any seeming endorsement of their " views," bid: are far tod lazy or insincere to trouble themselves with any experiment which might result in overthrowing some of their cherished ideas. The belief in an epoch of miracles some eighteen centuries ago is still pretty general, but those who in this enlightened age say that what has occurred before will, under similar conditions, occur again, and as a matter of fact has so occurred, are extremely liable to be scouted as knaves or fools. Is this belief simply a pretty fancy, or does " distance lend enchantment to the view?" If the argument of a priori impossibility is tenable at all it must apply not only to latter-day miracles, but with equal force to the events of remote ages. The mode of reasoning I have referred to is, however, essentially absurd, and nothing sur prises me more than to find it so often resorted to in this age of inductive science. A man who says a certain thiDg did not take place" be-. cause it could not," and persists in holding that opinion, however strong the evidence may be against him, is guilty of the most^contemptible silliness. Professor Huxley says: — " With regard to the miracle question, I can only say that the word ' impossible' is not applicable to matters of philosophy. That the possibilities of -nature are infinite is an aphorism with which I am wont to worry my friends." Spiritualism is after all, then, so far as its phenomena are concerned,£a mere question of evidence. It is easy to say that they conflict with received theories but theories must be fitted to the facts and not facts to the theories; and if the theories be true, and the phenomena genuine, there can be only an apparent dis crepancy, for Nature never contradicts herself. Fraud, too, may be discovered in connection with some phase of spiritualism, but of what true thing may wo not say the swno ? Ace the truths of religion invalidated by the artful and^ fraudulent practices of some of those who pre tend to teach it ? If spiritualism furnishes one really good 8c;eutifieai]y-conditioued " test," that test must be dealt with by itself, and answered aa such. Oue experiment of this hind is worth more tran a whole world of theories, and a perfect tempest of noisy objec tions. Does the reader ask for such u oue ? He can find hundreds iu the works of Do Morgan, Alfred Russell, "Wallace, Orookes, Cromwell, Varley, Mapes, and other scientific authorities, all trained in the exact and careful obser vation of natural phenomena, and many of them ranking in reputation with such men as Faraday and Darwin. But doe» the reader share in the prevailing mis trust of science, and ask for the testimony of men who belong to the ordinary scale of intel ligence? Let him consider the testimony of millions who have investigated the phenomena, of modern spiritualism and became convinoed cf their absolute genuineness. Such evidence, which in spite of its vast mass is remarkably consistent with itself, and intensified iu value by the general good character of the witnesses, is simply irresistible. Its value is not in the least vitiated by a few shallow public " expo sures," but becomes even greater when we find that spiritualists are in general the very first to hunt out dishonest mediums, and to warn the public against them. The manifestations that are attested to by such vast numbers as genuine may or may not be caused by the spirits of the so-called dead, 1 offer no opinion on that point—the facts first, the theories afterwards, toexplaintnem—but the genuineness of an exceedingly large proportion of the phenomena is, I submit, placed beyond a doubt. Even Professor Baldwin admits that there ace some which cannot be explained by trickery- such as clairvoyance, for example. An admission of this kind by the great " ex poser" is worth considering. ' It is a mistake to think that the phenomena of spiritualism are new. They aro not; they have simply reached an amazing development when subjected, in this scientific age, to the process of inductive investigation. The same may be said of nearly all the great natural forces. The sun-produced magnetism of the earth has existed potentially from all known times; but it was Science, following the path, marked out for it by the great Bacon, .who first discovered its laws; who taught tho needle to act sympathetically with another i>laoed at a great distance off; who saw at last the absolute identity of all force, and finding that electricity under certain conditions changes into the form of magnetism,and vice versa,gave the world those marvellous products of scientific enquiry, the telephone and the electric light. Science will no doubt do the same for spiritualism. The follies and fancies which have collected around the manifestations of psychic force in past ages will pass away like mist in the light of increased knowledge, but the fact which underlies them all will remain. It will simply be taken out of the realm of wonder and fear, and placed on the level of plain, easily-understood truth; and future Dr. Johnsons, writing of the belief in " ghosts," will not have to complain that those who deny it with their tongues are a3 a rule the first to confess it with their fears -I am, &o..; PHIL A.LETHKS. 