RELIGIOUS. V .: OUR LOCAL PULPIT IS VIEWED FEOH THE PEW. . All. &UJIT8.; THAT snug edifice at tho commencement of Wickham Terrace is, I am assured, tho most popular church in Brisbane.. Whether this be attributable to the eloquence of tho preacher or to the choral service, is not matter for present solution, but a churoh filled to repletion- twice every Sundaj must be pleasing to the* incum bent and allpersens officially associated with it. There is certainly , EO visible external sign in connection with All Saints to render it at all impressive or inviting, but interna1!)' it bears evidence of the refined taste of its chief founder, in tho form of illuminated work. It must be confessed that the artistic windows placcd at the chancel end, enrich tbat portion of the church to an excessive degree not warranted by its general architectural demerits. The best supporters of the church admit that it is not well built, although comfortable, and adapted for divine worship By removing the rear wall at any time, and-throwing it back in the direction of Mr. M'Culloch's property* the accommodation can be increased, but ; with a claim of £900 still against the church, any extension seems remote. The churches, lik« ihe commercial world, are, X regret to say, seriously affected just now by the impoverishing influence of bad times. Proof is given here, that the vitality of the English colonial church in no way depends upon rich endowments, as a reminder is affixed to each seat, intimating that its maintenance almost entirely depended on the offertory, to which peop'e were invited to contribute according as God had prospered them, and subscriptions were1 also requested from those who could afford it, towards the stipend fund. The italics are mine; "invited*' would have read pleasanter, and far less imperative. I have already spoken of the beautiful chancel windows, next come the altar table, which is a piece of furniture appropriate to the size and style of the chanceL It is covered of course with a fine linen cloth, and bears ov u large cross in brasswork, and a couple of vases, holding rich bouquets of flowers. Front ing the chancel is a plain sione pulpit, the gift of Dr. Taylor, and prayer desk on the other side, presented by Dr. Eobbs, so that the medical faculty are conspicuous in their contri butions. In the centre of the chancel step stands an eagle lectern, carved from wood. Eleven o'clock is the signal for a commence ment of the service; at this hour nearly pvery available sitting is occupied by the regular worshippers,, amongst whom on this occasion were the Bishop, and Mrs. Hale. A door on cne sjdo of the chancel, opening into one of the side aisles, is drawn tack by a verger, and away coxae surpliced youths and men, who with measured and solemn gait, wend their way round the pulpit, followed by the Incumbent. They take their places at the choristers* seats; whilst the Rev. 0. G. Bobin son passes on to the prayer desk. The organ almost simultaneously ceases with this move ment, and Robinson with fine sonorous voice, recites the beautiful service of the Church of England, and having load prayers, he quickly ascends tho pulpit. Iiis sermon was appropriate to the season, and as-tho reverend gentleman discoursed freely, on tho u real pre sence" from his point of view, I propose to give his remarks upon that point in cxtenso. The text, was from St. John xiv. v. 18. " I will not leave you comfortless, I will come to jou." 41 All through those forty, days, the' church lingered, so to speak, in the fourth Gospel, over tho words recorded by St. John, as spoken by our Lord on the night of . his betrayal. In those wonderful discourses, of the dark night of the betrayal, all seemed changed. The carping Saducee, and the calumniating Pharisee, were no more, near to vex and to interrupt; even the traitor had withdrawn, and when the 'Saviour looked round he saw those only, .who loved him, of whose hearts he was sure, for he had drawn them to himself with the chords of a man. In fit. John xiv., xv., xvi., they had the pouring out of the heart of Jesus for his disciples and for his whole church throughout all time." Having descanted on the last words of Christ, words which, under the teaching of the Holy Ghost, the church had gathered up into creeds which were passed on from generation to gene ration, of what was to be believed as the very foundation of our Christian faith, the preacher enlarged on the fulfilment of Christ's promises. " Look at the first fulfilment - his coming during the forty days. How it strengthened their faith, scat tered their fears, and built up their hopes. Yet he was with them suddenly, and as suddenly left them. It was what we an accidental presence." The preacher thus expressed his . views on the real presence: "1 say distinctly that Christ's presence after tho day of Pente cost was more real than before. And I want you to consider this, and to let the thought .fatten upon your minds and hearts, for it is one which we need to think of specially, and yet it seems, very likely, strange at first sight, and hard to receive. And the reason why it seems hard to believe this is that we are tempted to think that matter is more real than spirit; we think of a spiritual presence not as a real pre sence, but as an impression made on our spirits, as when wo read a letter of an absent friend, or look at his photograph, and say, 4 Wo can feel that he is with us.' Wa be lieve thoroughly in that which is material; what we can see and feci and handle and taste -that is real, to us very real, but whatever ia outside the cognisance of our senses-namely, what we call spiritual-that is not real to us in the samo sense. Indeed, many persons suppose that nothing is real except what is sensible' and that Christ's real presence is not identical witll his" spirituali presence-thut those ^yho assert.tho.one .deny. the other.But consider-1 carefully," ia'not this" contrary to reason and I fact? For. what isthomoat truo, most real existence that WB knowf Notthat which 13 material, but that which i« spiritual. Who is the life of all life, the souroo and centre of all being f The everlasting God. 'What is the first thing that we believe about Him? That God is a spirit, immaterial, without body, parts, or passions; the most real existence wo know of is not that which is material, but that which is Immaterial. I say' again that tbo most real presence of the Lord was not when he showed himself alive after his passion and made liim oelf manifest, but when ho fulfillod Ins promise the second limb, and came to them in tho power of the Holy Ghost: Then tho eternal spirit par took of the things of Christ, and there was a far more real,and not only » more real, but a closer, presence'. We' cannot help perceiving that before the resurrection there was something which seemed to keep the disciples at a distance from the lord.: They oftentimes could not ; understand the words, and spoke one to another concerning; them. Thus ho said^once to Saint Phillip, 'Have I been so long timo with you aid yet hast thou not known me ?' So again, in this day's gospel what is this that he saitb, A little while;* -we cannot tell what ho gait-h. But with the presence of the Spirit there came a closer, more intimate presence. 'I in them and thou in me.* ' I. know my sheep even as the Father knoweth me.' , ^Comp^ro the language of" St,"Paul in his epistle with any-* thing in the gospels before tho titre of the and realised the presence ol Christ. His soul, his. whole life was shot through and through by tho lines of the life of Christ, so that the two could not he separated-' Who shall separate us from tho lore of Christ ;* * I live, yet uot I hut Christ lireth in me; to me to live is Christ/ And as it was a closet and mora intimato p 'eser ce, so it was more abiding. Christ's presence with his faithful ones in the days of his flesh was liable to the accident of separation. Tho storm rises and hursts on the disciples in their little craft on tho 8ea of Galilee, and Jesus was not with them*. He was alone on the shore, and tho poor souls wera terror stricken in their solitude. But afterwards it was not so, for tho presence was abiding, and knew no accident. It was constant. The world could not check it, per secution conld not destroy it. It sustainod the martyrs in the violence of fire, in the agonies of death abiding ever with them. To the rich j and poor, the learned and ignorant alike, the promise of the text was given, 11, will not leavo you comfortless orphans. I am. always coming.' This is the presence Christ has given to you and to me. If our life in Christ is true this is his presence with u5i If in a greater or less degree this presence is not with us, then our life is not the true pattern of the disciples of Jesus. Bemember the mystery of His pre sence even In His holy-Church, tojeach faith ful soul-not to all-to the faithfufand humble only. Hence it is written,. *. Whom the world cannot receive because it seeth Him not.' We Have to guard carefully' against that false materialism, which believes ^rily the visible, and which lies at the root of unbelief. 'Men often say, How can I believe; in this presence of Christ with biB people, and so tbey are led to disbelieve his revelation altogether; but on the surface of the revelation there is tbo plain warning, * Whom the world caimot receive, &o.;' God grant that it may not be so with any of us. and let us search oor hearts this day and ask, each one, IB this presence of Christ withmc? . . . My brethren, does it seem to you that I have been describing a state of thing* merely ideal, impracticable, unutterable. Yet,, blessed be God, these things are real to many Christians. We live far below each a standard, do we not, every one of us; far below it,~ every one'of us; both I who speak, and you who are listening-wo have so little faith, so little love, we let things torment us Iand distress us, and keep us down and keep us b&ok; when this truth might pervade our whole life, our thoughts and words and deeds. Oh,'' it is a. blessed truth, this truth of Christ's presence with us by :His spirit.. He with me -Hia presence within me, close,- intimate, ready to receive, ready to Jove, ready to under stand me, seeing all my faults, all my endea vours. Would that we lived more as in Hia presence. We cannot keep companionship with a nobler-minded man than ourselves, without being the better for it. If, then, wo would live as in his presence, what a daily lifting up it would be, above the littloLess, meannoss, and weakness ef this life into the higher, nobler, purer life of the Son of God. 0, beloved Jesus, leave us [not comfortless in the helplessness of our orphanhooj, but coine to us and dwell by thy Holy Spirit, and make our hearts thy dwelling place, and worthier thee, BO that we have our part in that remain, ing fulfilment which shall far exceed all the others when our eyes shall see Thee, aud our souls be one with Thee, aud when, through all eternity we shall rejoice in Thy presence and Thy love." The Bev. Mr. Robinson is an M. A., of Cam bridge, having passed through a rather bril liant course at College. Ono could hardly have heard him. &t; a greater disadvantage than on Sunday morning, for the subject of his dis course is one upon which diverse views prevail, and upon which many of the clergy believe the less said the better. But Mr. Kobinson's are not half-expressed sentiments; there can be no mistaking his belief as to tho real pre sence, and when we look for proof of what is stated, we fail to find anything stronger than the "belief" in these assertions.. The preacher is firm in his faith, and the greater portion of his hearers may bo also; but to recite a sermon of this kind, in the hope that it would convcrt outsiders to a similar belief, would bo pucrilo. The world is growing moro and more sceptical every day, and decidedly averse to tho accept ance of a proposition to the effect that the " most true, and most real existcnco wo know of is not that which is material, but that which is spiritual/' But so long as the Itev. 0. G. Robinson and tho members of his church aro satisfied on the point, I do not fi?e why it should oomcem rude outriders ' 