The Terrible Year-1881V J THE EHCOBD UNIONÍ 7tlï March, Bays:;-Professor [Norton,.of tho State Nomiál School;.San Fran cisco, lectured before the Sacramento: County .Teachers' Institute last night, upon the- very in teresting subject of "The Planetary Conjunction of 1881." The prediction of astronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction of nearly all the great planets, brought again to tho surface tho old prophecy of Mother Shipton, and a score of other birds of ill omen, who, backed by the recent appearance of tho plague, have pre dicted the most awful state of affairs to be inaugurated in 1881, and to continue till 1887, during which fearful epidemics shall prevail, crime multiply, the elements continue in constant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, earth quakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, the. earth open and swallow up towns, tornadoes sweep round the world, and all waters becomo poison, and the devil be loosed in reality to work more desolation and ruin in all the earth. Lately in this State a. so-called Professor has issued a book in which ho has prophesied, from a conjunction of .Neptune, Saturn, Jupiter, the Earth, .and Mars, that there shall occur all tho fore going1 recited; and a hundred other woes fall upon tho earth, and that the devilry and.destruction: is to begin in ISSI. Professor ríorton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture was intended to BIIOW the reason for his faith. Ho illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown upon the wall by means of a magie lantern. He began by saying that we are never satisfied with tilings now present. The world is ever looking backward to the good old time, or forward to the good time coming. Some how the forward outlook is never calna and cloud less., It, is also, natural that men, should, look 'to pivotal events in nature, such as the com pletion of astronomical cycles, as being likely to involve great crises in human affairs. The remarkable planetary apposition of the year 1881 has especially appealed to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled " The Voice of the Stars," which foretold a series of terrible disasters os likely to occur be tween the years.1880 and 1887, including the an nihilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 Americans from the plague; terrible storms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, «fcc. He also gave a brief synopsis of Piàzzi Smith's' " Pyramid Religion/' and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all', three substan tially agreeing that Tho world to on end shall como Da 1881. ..¡.: Ho said that the prophecy of the old -woman seemed to Btill have vitality, although the publisher of the " Shipton Almanac " has openly confessed that he addod .the lines above quoted in order to give the book a large sale. The question before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all this supersti tion and nonsense ? The lecturor presented Pro fessor Delarue's theory of the relation of planetary conjunctions to sun spots; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and tho alleged corresponding effects of planet ary conjunctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He then exhibited a diagram showing the position of the planets October 31, 1881 ; all the large planets but Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight line passing through the centre of tho sun. It is alleged that a similar aspect of the planets will not occur for many thousand years. If it is possible for the massed planets to produce extraordinary tidal effects upon the earth, such effects must soon be manifested. Nevertheless, tho planets ore enormously distant. Their attractive force varies inversely as the .square of tho distance. It is hardly con ceivable that mere gravitation could ever produce any such effect as tho- foretold' disaster. The only remaining theory is that of a hypothe tical electric inter-action between the sun and planets. This is but the ghost of a. theory, ?having hardly a shadow of ascertained fact behind it. The lecturer quoted ono or two instances in which there seemed to ba a coincidence in times between such conjunctions and atmospheric dis turbances, where the theory of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read the following lotter from Professor Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer ¡- i "H. B. Norton.-Dear sir-Tour note of en quiry is received. I answer briefly as follows : First-Your enclosed diaeram (of tho conjunction) is not essentially correct. Second1-It is true that the planets will be somewhat nearer their perihelia than is usual at such heliocentric conjunctions. Third-There is no good reason for expecting re markable disturbances in the solar or terrestrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delorue thought that he had discovered a relation between them and sunspots, but latest researches mil to substantiate the theory. Scientific astronomers consider tho new gospel of Piazzi Smith and Mother Shipton as being about equiva lent to that of Mother Goose.-Yours, very truly,. CHAULÉS A. YOUNG." Slimming up the evidences, Professor Norton said : ""Wo aro justified in concluding that science has thus far given us no definite reason for expect ing the great tribulation.. Nevertheless, if public excitement shall cause men to cleanse their sewers and mend thou" lives, we may bo thankful for tho ' voice from the tombs,' uttered by Piazzi Smith, and tho woeful forecast attributed to Mother Shipton." A correspondent suggests that; larrikinism can bo effectually put a stop to by adopting a ChmeHo plan, that is," to lock a wooden collai.* round tho nooka ot' tho culprits on conviction, and compol them to koop tho gutters and stroots clean. This would utiliuo thoir labour, and perhaps chook tho prosont evil. Franois Shood, tho master, and George l?nrso, tho mato, of tho late sfcoamor Monaro, appeared beforo tho- Marino Board on Monday to UUH wor tho charges of default proforrod against thom. After careful con sideration ib was deoideil to snspend their certifícalos, Kos. 28 and 212, rospootivoly, fbi six calender mouths. 