CHAPTER IL IN THE HAUMTED HOUSE.. I It came to pass that Alicia Mayne and i became acquainted with the new tenants of tho haunted house, and that we spent a portion of our linster holidays with them, including Good Friday and Easter Monday. It has Beldom been my lot to meet with people more happy, united, and jovial, than the Chester tons. Their family consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Ches- terton, Frank, Bertha, Grace, and Freddie, and aB at the time I write of they had, besides Alicia and my- self, three other friends staying with them-a Mies Mordaunt, a Captain Drue, ana Major Smith-the .house was tolerably full. .» Of course we were all determined to atay up till midnight on the Easter Monday, that we should not by any chance miss a ghostly entertainment, whether ' good, bad, or indifferent. Grace WBB the only one among us who owned to ' any fear, any belief, in fact, in the supernatural, and she confided to me that she would not be one whit surprised if "somothing curious" did happen, for euch sto.ies would surely not have got abroad without having some foundation. I laughed at her for her fearB. I had no belief in ghosts or ghostesses. Oh, dear not Had anyone hinted that I had, the truth of the imputation would have been most indignantly denied, but for all that, if it were over my privilege to Bee a veritable bona fide ghost (which I fervently hope it never may be) what the result would be I should rather not have to say. As for Bertha, BIIO was about na great a sceptic in Íghostly pranks as Alicia, Frank, or Freddie ; the atter, by the way, was a lion-hearted youth of four- teen, who informed us that it was his intention to ' fihake the spirit's hand, supposing-as he was always careful to add-that it adhered this Easter to its \- usual custom, and showed itself to mortal eye. Well, the night of Easter Monday came at last, and at exactly five minutes to 12 we had assembled in the hall, and ere two of those minutes had gone, as surely as we stood there, a face, a ghost-like face, with fiery tongue and eyes, and overspread with a luminous, awful glow, darted right across the hall, \- and what is more a mu (tied bell began to toll. This was too much for gallant Captain Godfrey Drue, who proved a greater coward than even Grace or I. He thrust his fists into his eyes, and fled the hall with the utmost precipitation, tallowed, though not with quite such expedition, by Miss Mor ' daunt and Mrs, Chesterton. Sceptical Bertha, doubting whether to believe the evidence of her eyes and flee or no, pauBed at the foot of the staircase, whither in the first fright she had flown, when the ghastly, bodyless face appeared a second time. That decided Mademoiselle Bertha. She was at . the top of the Btairs in a trice, and could only with the greatest difficulty be prevailed upon by the undaunted Freddie-who, having gathered the terrified inmates together, was anxiouB that none should miss witnessing the per- formances of the mystic hand, which he now felt tolerably certain would appear-to enter tho haunted room, viz., the one the Bald hand waB supposed to be partial to. How our hearts beat-at least mine did-as we waited in that room for the dread midnight hour ! One ! struck the old-fashioned dook in the hall. Two ! "It comes at the very last ßtroke," whispered . Grace, her face white with excitement and fear. Three i four J and so ou till the twelfth was struck, . and as that sounded a hand came right through the i southern wall and scribbled along most energetically on the mouldy paper 1 Now was it ia human nature to stand all thia, : It most certainly wasn't in ours. A regalar stampede ensued. There was a general ruBh for the door, when Frank Chesterton, whom un- luckily no one had discovered had been missing some time, leapt through an open window, and subsiding on to a chair in the room, burst into a roar of laugh- ter that for heartineBB and noisiness I've never yet heard equalled. " It was he !" cries Fred, pointing with righteous indignation at his brother. *' It was he, just making dupes of us all !" And Freddie was perfectly right. Frank, when he bad recovered from his laughing fit, which it took him some time to do, made a full, free, and particular confession. The ghostly face he declared had been simply a mask that he had pur- chased for tue occasion, and touched up with poos Ehorus to cause the glow that had startled us so. ThiB e had attached to a piece of strong wire, which the darkness prevented our seeing, and by means of which he was enabled to push it backwards or forwards across the hall for our edification, or, more correctly speaking perhaps, terrification. The mufiiedbell, we were informed, had been tolled by Jem (the footman), whom he had taken into his confidence ; and the " spirit hand"' had been none other than his own, which he hod contrived to thrust through a hole in the wall (tho identical hole was shown us afterwards). However relieved we ah might have been to snow that the house we lived in was not infested by ghosts -I mean ghostly hands and faces-the knowledge of how completely we had all been taken in was not particularly gratifying to our vanity, nor, I can assure you, WOB the discovery that the words the "mystic hand" had scribbled on the wall were " Aren't yon all easily gulled?" any more so. 