OUR MELBOIIRNE LETTER .(FROM.0033, 0WH GOltEESPOKDENT.)... Tlie week will'be well advanced before a'^filiig'.-Ta^'-^d&iite;''^olijaoai^ will be known. :.; f -Sb far Mr Berry appears to liaveheld lums6lf:'q\net, aa ho 'iias hot mastered tlie - details ~bf all that has taken place in : th'e colony since his departure, and, to use tha King James, he must be : * f 'welr-avisecl" before he : ; goes' : into' the! thick"- of the debate.-: This'"was noticeable in his declining to feply to'Mr'Service on Tuesdaylast. At present- tlie -Ministry'are dbvotiiig themselves .'day and night to'the financial questibn, aii<i the - 1 Treaau ry is lit up everj'- night until a late hour; Nothing, will ba allowed to leak out about the new taxes until 'Mr- Berry opens -his "budget" speGch;' but'thosG who are wise may study the' Affe -and 'iind : thereiii : ati' inkling ' of what is to como, although the vaticinations of that to bo altogether correct. As I have previously indicated, tho Ministry will be'vory cha'ry'b'f 'direct'•[ikxatidhf.^a^ may write as he please ofthe "increment" of Melbourne property, ; ib'ut >1'- venture ;;tb say , that' there will be 'no'house 1 or pro : perty' tax.': -Luxuries will be Iieavily tared,- aud' it is possible that some increase will .take place in protective duties, but even that'is. uhcertaih; There will be an increase of stamp duties, and no doubt cheques,- bills;' mortgages; &c.; will have to be stamped in .future ad valorem as far The. town is exceedingly dull, and ;-very little ,of; an ihteresting' character is stirring.- Some little interest is manifested in the great quarrel which has arisen between the uniformed poUce a:hd : the plaih clothes pblicevahd the detectives (known popularly as' the D's).' The-greatest'jealbusy has existed between the three bodies for some time, one"' looking upon the others as;interlbpers. Owing to our police system the guardiaus of'the law are generally looked upon .as officers of punishment^ not bf .preyentipn, : ahd mighty is the wrath of a 'D. -Ji'lio lias foHo wed vp 'an offender until he has nearly caught him in the act to be interfe'red with by a 'pqlieaman.: running him iu—I mean the delinquent. J Some of the polica- are very; common; trough,- .ari^ brutal; and: their Vupferibr officers ought to exfercisb mdreisupervision; and discharge those who prove -unworthy. ;But like all other cm! servaiits; polieamen have political friends—Dorb sigj; ' .,'Npt^thstab'ding;t^ pebplearealreadylookirigaboUt for apecu- .aUpns'abnngthe;^^ExhibHIoniybar^'Lobgmg eyes are now being cast upon the vacant lots -around the Carlton,Gardens,, with a view to brectiog pilea of. haiidings,' mostly hotels. A project is now on foot to build a magnificent hotel on-the American principle upon the vacant, piece of land at. the corner of Nicholsoh 'and Gcr- ;-trude".'.*sti , bets jr4i r e^ •tion: ;-buildihg,;:^ rapidly.approachmg:':completioui, and though hairdly tall enpughfoi'iits. extent, .willhe'ahandsomi gardens are-properly laid ont ihe place will be -one of the finest in Melbourne.. -I understand that the Government intend after tho exhibition is "closed *to tutii* the building into a technological school, to be iaffiliitediwith ;the^oJh&educitiph;&:;e^ lishments of the country. This will be a great advance on i'tlie present • . imperfect system; and wiU materially.assist ;the progress of the mechanical arts of the colony. It will-he a: real pleasure to :our ari;izaDS tb . go -to this grand home 1 of (the arts and sciences, fwhich,^ if. the : Government do their'duty;-wUl-be .-called rthe*-Victorian -Palace of Arts, Science,-andManufacture. -'.'The- Ministry/,seem,-.pretty well- :aware that although there has been little: apparent change: in the position of -. the Assembly there are. many members .whose aspect is very doubtful, iand- among these; are some of . the :8iucereBt :of : tlieir followera •last .session^indeed;,ffienOTho 'fought the s"tonewall;:"with. thefe; - ' The .depressed state :of the . country : js; exercising-a' very •palpable influence on tlie tiberal menibBra who are actively , engaged in comuierce. fehbuld tho opm on once gain ground that: the Ministry are on the wane, that their star is jn the descendant, the rattiiig ^jll: he enor nous and in tantaneous, and I .know-of-nothreatiwhich/cankeepmemfcbera'Bteady;v«xcept- iawdis3otaiion?-:and^ :mav, ®xpect-ihat:,thesMinistrv will not'.be char of bsmg that, and will not liesitate to-dissolve the House if it becomes recalcitrant The omens are evil Having dabbled in scientific matters m self, I was ieattlly plea ed tp hear that j ofes or Pepper, the populariser of Bciefice-antlx.diaeoverercfmanymarvels, mclud ng "'Peppers Ghost," wa to visit! Australia For .years he ha "been an institution at the rolvtcchmi in Jjonili n. and iaa done more than any other man to make the jism^ generation acquainted with the wonders and beauties of: science. , On Saturday night he opened at St. George's Hall- to a fine audience, with whom he at once made frientls. Ho is a i,capital popular lecturer, and tho new ,marvels of science he displayed 'rather astonished :"our-;folks;" ' l understand :that .the Professor is to receive from Mr Edison a new and- powerful telephone which will enable people to hear what is said at Warrnambool, Ararat, Sandhurst,, or Sale. Now really, I don't siic why our telegraph authorities should not try to make the telephone of practical uso. How much better it would be if " your own? ^at- ! in ,your - cosy office on these winter nights listening to the debates in . the As- - sembly 100 or : 200 miles away, jotting down all the importantitems 1 -Wien-the'-.- Couricil sat there could be two telephones, one to each :•' ear, and a clever sub. could; : eliminate what was of valuo in the debates of each Housed Really it is time that something wero done io utilise the invention! '••• •:'-•- -- "'•;- •'••.'•:•;:''•"' I have paid my devoirs at : Gunsler's CaW, and I have been delightod, visually and physically. Ono of tlie great wants |of the city has been a really recherche caf^ and Mr Gunsler haa at laat supplied t thia deaidei'atum. - Every adji'nct is refined and finished, and the taste of all considered. Tho pricos are fairish, but then the cuisMie 'ia ainexceptionable,. the ::\viiie3,:m.agiiificent, and the waitresses pretty. Can grumbling humanity ask more 1 ' '" .' .;There is a talk of . putting Mr Gaunson =. d?wn with a-strong hand, and, of .course, extinguishing with him his comforter, aider and abettor, Mr Bent, but I attach little importance to it. The Liberal members are friendly to those -gentlemen, andv '• have no wish to do anything that may Saybur of the iron liand; although ua-' doubtedly they are greatly annoyed at tho uianiicr iu which these two gentlemen stop business'and abuse everybody. * Still, the extremity must be dire indeed before •any steps will be taken to close the mouths of Messrs Gaunsou and Bent. ;Tlie Opposition proper have no sympathy with them. Mr Bent's attack on Mr Berry is heartily condemned by all parties, as it is felt that this is not the 'time'to waste ; the session over 'personalities when there-is so much work to ba done. There is no change at the theatres except at the Royal, where Baker and Farron have re-appeared; Their entertainment is not very intellectual, but it is - a great improvement on what the Royal has been presenting for some time. , _ Blr Wopds will have -to be very cautious in his distribution of railway passes to the " unemployed" seeking work iu the up-, country districts. One man came up to Colac. a few days ago with one of those passes, and has almost ever since been - knocking alpout Camperdown, says the . C7n'o»iicZe, seeking work as a carpenter in a state of inebriety. If men can find money for to. drink to excess, they can hardly be fit objects for free railway passes to assist them in finding work. A. Melbourne workman has.received ;frpm his brother in Adelaide a letter on .the state :of business there, which the fol- . lowing is. an extract: —I see .you have meetings of the unemployed in Melbourne. Things arei no better here. A big meeting has beeniieldat the Town -Hall," but I suppose there will be no good results from it, as mere expression of opinion cannot greatly affect the labour market. The Governmeut here .offers employment., to those out of- work at the.. Hallett, 150 miles up-country, to break stones at 5s per day. I liave applied for a loan of £75 on my little house and land from three private brokers and three building societies, and they are .all in the sameposition-—not a'shilling to lend, however good the security, may-be." The German bankers . havo advanced coneideva.ble .smus to' Bussiaj on .accouht of the. proceods of aninternal loan. The 23,000 flooring .mills of the United States turn out annually 60,000,000 barrels of: flour,4,000,000 barrels of which are exported. The annual wages paid to employees amount to 20,000,000 dols. -Orders hare been received at various military ^stations in England to hold troops in readiness for immediate embarkation for the Gape. Egyptian wheat is attracting attention in California, where the climate is particularly favourable to its growth. It yields enormously, furnishes good food for man and beast, and promises to be ^ valuable crop, one grower claiming to have harvested 80 bushels to the acre. It does not grow in earsj but is gathered from tho top of: the Btalk like broom corn, only in more condensed form. It grows to a less height, than Indian corn, branches out more,-and has on each branch a large head containing thousands of seeds. 