[?] ||l|f C. U. tells thn Western. Post that the llpfl nior'a turn-out, on the opening of Parlia ||lpj i ^vaa stylish, surpassing €any previous ^g® made to ' astonish the natives.' The 11111 r, c-airiatto upholstered in rose pink ;' the Wmm itfud coachman in rose pink and gold Kgjig ', »nu tne brace ot rose pink livened, toot- ||1|| -whose irreproachable calves divided wSh c attention with the gorgeous uniform of &S;&j; excellency— mado up a sight so respleii 1|||1| y gorgeous as to reconcile the public tax ||j|| i» to the cost, of maintaining u Queon repre |||j ive in beaming splendour. The crowd fm j krge and respectful, 'but whether it was |H lit was dazzled with the guliornatorial Wm\ ?ade, or otherwise, but not a ghost of a l|||i' rewarded the genial L. L. for tho treat |g| ded tlie great unwashed and the wealthy HHH-r orders when opening tho third session of ?HpreKeht Parliament. HH9a'st week two horses wero cut to pieces by HB^oods train on the srig zag. HHBu. Hills, a clerk in the employ of a Sydney HB, has come into property to the amount of ^?,000. ^Mhk intercolonial cricket is fixed for the 21st ^?Blie present mouth. HH'irH Bishop of Bath u rat has appointed the ^w. J. S. Uobsou (late Wesley an) to tako H|r^u °f the Gulgoug and . Guntawang Hk Australia, and in Mudgoe especially, (says |^H Independent) pe'j-le take such an exalted ^Htv of the freedom of the' press that very few ^Htht'in ever think of paying the printer. ^?Aashjnkd Es'J'ati!. — Wo (fiowru Free Press) jHvc been reliably informed that Mr. Peter jHurray, storekeeper, of this town, has assigned B estate in trust to Messrs Ewau (L-'razer and Hi.), and Cliff (Oaidini'r and Co.), for the jHiiofit of his creditors. ? Thk Bank of New South Wales has declared HJ dividend equal to 17h per cent per annum Hid £10,000 has been lidded to the reserve ?nd. BJ Thk immigrant girls, who recently arrived by Hie Strathlovun, met with ready engagements Bj current ratus. M For several yours past Port Jackson has not Hcon so full of shipping as it is now. ? Miss Ooucheu, governess at Bullrirook Hftation, was lost in the bush near Wimmera for Hirty-eight hours, during which she sull'orod Bit.cnsely from hungur and thirst. B A London firm has been lined £100 for put Ming Hamburg brandy into Martoll's casks and Exporting it to the colonies as Martoll's brandy. n MuLLAQii, the aboriginal, is in Melbourne, H'ractising for the Intercolonial match. ? Mokt's Fresh Food Company aro unable to Hiupply the demand ; insult) upon them for Bnountain-killed buef. 9 Two ships are leaving Melbourno direct for ?American ports with Kiverina wool. I The libel action, damages laid at .C100U, ?Summat ?». Evening News, has resulted in a ?verdict for plaintiff* for £10. I A revised scale of telegraphic charges has Ibee.n issued at Mell.ourne, with reduced rates land increased facilities for transmission of ? messages. ??'??? I In- .San Francisco a boll rings at nine o'clock I as a signal for all larrikins to retire for the [night. All fonnd in tho street after that hour jj^a The statement in the American journals to BS9 the effect that Frank Gardiner had taken to the BB r*-nds again was a hoax. HH Mil. Shepherd, the solicitor, has issued a writ ^Bj against Mr. G. Dibbs, for defamation of charac BJs ter. The cause arose out of tho Dibbs divorce BH cise nmv before the court, and damages are laid mt at £10,000. :*. BH Lusus Natuiuk. — A curiosity in the shape BJ of a chicken with four legs and four wings is to Hi be seen at Mr. Barter's, tinsmith, in Cootanum Bl dra. BJ Sm Henry Parkes, in reply to Mr. Cohen BJ said the Government will deal with tlie Muni-* BJ cipalities Act this session, provided they have ^m time, which is not at all likely. ^B The Rev. J. Jofl'ries, L.L.B., is delivering a H course of lectures to young men, on the Pas H sions and Perils of City life. They are to ap H pear in the Sydney Mail. The first on'Idle- ^m ness, iroui one worcis notning to cio, is wen ^H worth road ing. H Mr. Bowden, the woll-known solicitor of ^B Sydney, died on Friday.-. ?.';'??? ? IIodeut W. Thornton, who was about open H ing a Grammar school in Wagga, has been coin ? mitted to take his trial for obtaining goods' by H means of valueless cheques. ? H The end of tho Berry Ministry is nigh. H The police expect to capture the Kelly gang B ' shortly. ? Sir Bryan O'Loughlan has accepted the ? ' vacant judgeship. ' ? ? The third. oWioer of the Afghan steamer has ? committed suicide by throwing. himself on tho I Hobs'Oi's Bay railway as an engine was passing. I A telegram has boon received by Mr. E. ?, Combes, C.M.G., dated October 2S, from the Hj . agent of Keniiard Knots meat preserving pro II ceas, which states that arrangements have been H made for sonding a steamer to Sydney for a I cargo of Australian meat in order to test I thoroughly the system which was tried with so I much success at die Royal Agricultural Society's I meeting at Kilburn in July last. I Railway Extension. — A de|«utation of in I habitants of tho Carcoar district waited on tho ? Minister Works to prosent a petition from a I large mijnliarof' residents in tho districts, above I _p*/rtioned , praying for the construction of a P— ?' line of railway from Blaynoy through Carcoar I and Young, and to join the Southern' railw.vy I at Murrumburrah. Mr. Lackey told the depu I tation that he could not givo them any definite I answer as to their proposition in the absence of I a report from tliooflicors he had instructed to I lYUll.-** flip Vmr-t*QMH.l'l.' (mWmrtT Cash on Delivbuy.— It would (romarks the Western Independent) prove a groat blessing to the people of the district genorally, and save the shopkoepers and tradespeople from many an anxious and painful pang, if a Gxod dotei1 mination was made that, goods generally would only be delivered to customers on tho principle of 'cash on delivery.' Tho crodit system as now prevailing is sapping the prosperity, and, to a great extent, the moral tone of all classes of -tho community. Tho facility with which people can obtain goods of every description on crodit is so groat that it may almost be said that a premium is held ont to persons to run in debt, and this is done without any in quiry whother or not those incurring tho debts have any reasonable expectation of being able M to discharge tho debts so contracted. Tho ovils I attendant on such a svstom are too self-evident I to requiro pointing out. The vendors aro well I aware that in this indiscriminate crodit system I they are running great riftks, and to a certain I extent insure themselvos against loss by charging much higher rates for tlie goods so dis-. posed of than would bo tho case if 'cash on delivory ' was tho universal, rule. So that those who will not,,, go ?'into 'debt, but pay ?honestly for goods when purchased, havo to pay higher rates than thoy, othcrwiso would in order to indemnify storekeepers for'thoso ?who tako credit, and for losses accruing there from. Mr. Stewart has given notice in theLegis l.itive Council /or the appointment of a spocial committee to inquire into Archbishop y.iusctian'a chargos against tho Public schools, and to call upon tho Archbishop to prove his words. A laroe numbor of mon aro out of employ in Sydney. Dr. Steol, at tho Congregational luncheon pointed out the necessity of providing a higher Katk Vauohan, with whom Governor Lord Augustus Loftus's son-in-law eloped, has re turned to the London stage. The Victorian Legislative Dispute. — The Standard, iii an article on the 4th instant, winds up by strongly condemning Mr. Berry's plebisci tary schemes, as both unreasonable and inexpe dient^ and states that, as they go far beyond tho limits laid down by Sir Michael Hicks- Beach, it is certain the- Imperial Government will never entertain theuij whether the Victorian .constituencies give Mr. Berry a majority or HOt. ''? * . * '. . -.* ?' ''??''..' .. ... : ' . ','':: ' : ; .... ' The Bev. P; Birch has been ? appointed to succeed the late Rev. Father M'Aulifl'o in. the Catholic Mission at Queanbeyan. Thk Oundagai Times states :— We1 hear on good authority that some of his friends at Young are desirous that a commerqial traveller, well known in Gundagai, and throughout the Southern districts, should at the next, election oppose the return for tho Lachian of Mr'. James AVntson, Colonial Treasurer. . : The man charged with having caused the late lire at Dunedin, by which such a fearful loss of life occurred, has been acquitted. ; We {Southern Argus) saw a letter this morn ing for one of the Yass banks, which bore no loss than 144 penny stamps ; it was completely covered, even to the address. A coijretpondent writing to the Dnbbo I-is- indch from Orange, under date October 21st, says : — I never saw the times so bad. In fact ,there is no such thing as gotting money. How long it is going to last goodness only knows. The gutes and booths at the Victorian Spring Meeting realised £1904. The Orient, the largest passenger steamer ever built at Glasgow, started on the 10th ou'a trip from the Clyde to the Thames to take her place amongst the Orient Steam Navigation Co. 's diroct line ? of steamers from London to Australia. Her speed on the measured mile ex cuods seventeen knots. The London Times says: — AVe have every reason to' anticipate a reviving trade. It will find our capitalists better able to take advan tage of it than in former years, in consequence of the cautious attitudo they have maintained 'by refusing to support speculative concerns. Tub losses sustained this year by English farmers from bad crops are estimated at £15,000,000 on corn, £15,000,000 on potatoes, £.15,000,000 on hay, and £1,200,000 on hops. England will have to import 10,000,000 quar ters of wheat this year, against 14,000,000 last year. ' liELKsiotf, to my mind, (said Captain Onalow tho other night to his constituents) is not so much a question of creed as of deed ; and J would rather have ti Ohina'nan, a Ma homodan, or a Turk for a noighbour, who was kind to hia wife and children, and just in deal ing witli liis noigbours, than 1 would have .a Christian who could repeat every word of the Bible, but who, at the same time, would not scruple to cheat his neighbour or thrash his wife.' .*'?.. It is rumoured in Victoria that Sir Bryan O'Loughlan is to bo elevated ' to the judicial bench. The Cuzco (s.) from London, has brought £10,000 worth of silver coin, and the It. M.S. City of New York £10,582 in gold. Ten splendid steamships are now in Sydney harbour, loading wool. 