SHAKSPEREAN CRITICISM. In reference to tho text of Johnson nnd Steoven's edition of Shakspore, the former ob- erves aagcly : — " The reading of tho ancient hooka ib probably true, and, therefore, not to fee disturbed for the sako of elagmioe, perapi- euity or mere Importance of the senao. For though much credit ie not duo to the fidelity, aor any to the judgment of the first publishers, jy,t they who had the copy before their eyes Were more likely to road it jight than wo who readitotily by imagination. . . . My first labor is alwaya to turn the old text on every aide, and try if there be any interstice through which light can find its way. I havo adopted the Roman sentiment, that it ia moro honorable to save a citizen than kill an onemy, nnd have t>een more careful to protect than to attack," These remarks have been recalled. to me by the discussions which have been going on re jecting the "readings " adopted by Mr Hnmpier, in his latest impersonation o Hamlot. Ho has been accused of flying in tho face of his critics in a manner bordering almost on presumption. Now, it occurs to me, who differ from him on many points, that it is duo to Mr Dumpier, seeing that ho is about leav ing us; to ascertain tho grounds upon which such statements rest. In Act II, scene 2, he reads tho text thus : — "O, my old friend Thy face is valiant since I saw thee last; com'st thou to beard me in Denmark ? " The ordinary reading js, "Thy face is valanc'd," that is fringed with a'beard. Valance is tho ringes or drapery hangings round tho tester of abed. Tho Quartos havo "valanc'd, "and it is so dealt with by Malono, Dyce, Johnson and Steevens, Chalmers, Kcightley, Moberley, and other commentators. Tho word is also thus given in Mrs Mary Gowden Clark's Con cordance to Shakespere, Francis Twigs's V orbnl Index to the I'lays of Shakespere, Jervis'a Dictionary of the Language of Shakspcrc, and in the scholarly and exhaustive Variorum Edition by Horace Howard Furnoss in 1877\. Now iet me sec what can bo said in favor of tho rending espoused by Mr Dumpier, In the first (dace, ho has tho Folios witli him, which interpret valiant ns manly. Knight is with him ; Staunton is with him. Compare, says the latter, the advice of IagotoRoderigo: — "Follow these wars, defeat thy favor with a usurped beard — i. e., assiimo a martial as pect;" and also the context in Hamlet's speech: — ".Com'st thou to board me in Denmark?" Where tho point is lost without the fierceness implied by " valiant" Caldecott, a very saga cious commentator, is quite of Staunton's opinion. Ho insists that Hamlet means, to become manly and fierce as in " As You Like It"; Act II. scene 7, "bearded like tho pard." After this, who will protend to call Mr Dainpier presumptuous? Who will venture to as sert that hois altogether at sea in preferring tho lato Folios to the enrly Quartos. I am aware that Dyce supports the Quartos, and is nt variance with Caldecott and Knight, whom, he asserts, depend upon a note by Malone, which that commentator himself cancelled. Hut tins-does not uifect the point at issue. In Act II., scene 2, Mr Dainpier reads : — "The spirit Idiave seen may be the devil." The Quartos have "V devil;" to which reading Capoll, Jenncns, Johnsou and Steevens, Ma lone, Chnlmers, Singer, and Keightloy adhere. But the Folios distinctly stick to "the devil." Moberley, in his valuable notes to the Rugby edition of Shakspere, also favor3 41 the devil." His note on this reading is curious. Here it is. "I believo," says Sir Thomas Browne, "that these apparitions and ghosts of departed persons are not the wandering souls of men, but the unquiet walks of devils, prompting and insinuating to us. . . , That the blesrod spirits aro not at rest in their -graves, and but wander solicitous of the affairs -of the world," If I have not said enough to justify Mr Dnmpier'3 intimate acquaintance with "-the devil," I don't know what further proof his captious critics require. Another reading that has been called in question is, " Who would these fardels hear ?" which the reader will remember occurs in the famous soliloquy _ on death. Mr Dampier has been .distinctly, charged with inaccuracy '.in quoting the passage as wc fcave just written it. I admit that " Who would fardels bear" is the text pf the Quartos, and tho read ing of tho leading commentators and the majority of tho editions of Shakspere. But the Folios are on all fours with Air Dampier, and Knight believes the Folios to be the best authorities in the matter under dispute. Hera again Mr Dampier has only exercised his judg ment, and elected what ho conceived to be the most legitimate reading of the poet's text. But I come now _ to what has been regarded as the most ohjectionuble innovation, viz., the rendering of the line in Hamlet's counsel to Horatio, just before the enactment of the play Thoro is a p'ay to-night horare tho King ; Ooe Bccno of it coinei near tho circuin- tanco Which I havo told thoo ol my father's drath : I prlthco, when thou s-ost t'hot act . afoot, Even with tho very comment of thy soul, Obsoive my uocto. Mr Dampier'a reading was ' Even with tho very comment of MY soul, Observe my uncle. The text of tip Quartos is "Comment of thy bouI." Dyce, jgiyond all doubt a good autho rity, thinks thitt the important word " very," as Caldecott has interpreted it (the most in tense of every faculty) demands "thy." Dyee, furthermore, points out why Hamlet wished Horatio to watch his uncle bo closely, that he tells him — " And oftor wo will our judgments join In consuro of his f-cciiilng." Collier, in his first edition of Shakspere, also advocated the reading of the four Folios, i.e. " My soul;" but when it was pointed out to him ithdt the M.S. corrector had adopted thereading of tho Quartos, he altered his views. I prefer the reading of the Quartos, but,- as has been already intimated, the F0H03 are on the side of Mr Dampier. Knight, in defend ing the disputed reading, says Hamlet having told Horatio of tho circumstance of his father's death, and imparted his suspicions of his uncle, entreats his friend to observe his nnele ' with the very comment of my soul' " — Hamlet's soul. To ask Horatio to observe him with the comment of his own soul (Ho ratio's) is a mere feeble expletive. Corson follows on tho same side. Ho considers " my houI" much more expressive than " thy soul." Hamlet's meaning, ho main tains, Is, " I would have thee so to enter into my feelings, so identify yourself with me, "that "when thou seest that act afoot, even with tho very comment of my soul ob- nervo my uncle." " My " also gives force to "even with the very," which has loss foice in the other reading. Much moro might be said in defence of many other of Mr Dampier's renderings of the text of Hamlet, but sufficient has been advanceiFto show that the charge of presumption when examined into critically melts like snow before the sunshine. That his readings are superior to those of others, I am not disposed to admit, but I am bound to declare that in cases of doubt and dispute, he has a clear right to searcli the old books and tho writings of those who have spent their lives in endeavoring to throw light upon the pott's text, and to form a judgment as to what he conceives to bo the weight of au thority in favor of tho conclusion at which lie ulti mately arrives. To captiously pinch, or fondly point out, slight verbal errors, which amount to nothing beyond leaving out one's dots to his "i's" or crosses to his "t's," id wortiiy a school of criticism which never gets beyond the pot hooks nnd hangers of the noble art of penman ship. But when an actor's knowledge is at tacked, and his discrimination called in ques tion, it is time to put tho question, " Who made theo a judge ?" I infinitely prefer "Thy face is valanc'd" and "even with the very comment of thy soul," to the read ings adopted by Mr Dainpier from the Folios ; hut that is no reason why I should charge him with presumption. I opino that the boot ia on the other leg. I began these rough notes with a quotation from Johnson, and I cannot do better than ter minate them with another : — "It is not," he says, " easy to discover from what cause the acrimony of tho scholiast can naturally pro ceed. The subjects to bo discussed by him aro "f _ very small importance — they involve neither property nor liberty — nor favor the interest of sect nor party. But whether it be that small tilings make mean men proud, aud vanity catches small occasions ; or that all contrariety of opinion even in those that can defend it no longer, muke3 proud men angry; there is often found in commentaries a spontaneous strain of invective and contempt, moro eager and venomous than ia vented by the most 'furious controvertist in politics against those whom ho '3 hired to condemn A coinmen- v has indeed great temptation to supply hulence what he wants of dignity, to "'ttlo gold to a spacious surface, to foam, which no art or diligence ' ALTERAM PARTEM, 