utisalla. Disraeli's Early Regrets. — It seems a little odd that Disraeli, now so famous and occupying a position so exalted, should have written this passage in his earlier days: " Mind is a fine thing, I won't deny it ; and mine was once as full of pride and hope as an infant empire. But where are now my deeds and aspirations, and where tie fame I dreamed of when a boy ? I find the world just slipping through my fingers, and cannot clasp the jewel as it falls. I quit an earth where n'one will ever miss me, save those whose blood requires no laurels to make them love my memory. My life has been a blun der and a blank, and all ends by my adding one more slight ghost to the shadowy realm of fatal precocity." They have a Methuselah in Baltimore, one William Scott, familiarly known as " Uncle Billy," a coloured man, who is claimed to have lived 149 years. A citizen has made affidavit that he has known "Uncle Billy" for fifty years ; that William then bore the same ap pearance as now ; that the deponent's father, who had been nursed by William, gave the date of the latter's birth 1729. "Uncle Billy" might pass for a man of seventy. Hs has had six "head" of children — that is, six different families of children, exactly how many he doesn't remember. He was a body servant to Lord Howe during the Revolution, went to England with liim, and was servant to an English officer at the battle of Water loo. Effects of Food Upon the Bones.— Experiments made by Lehmann upon young animals showed that food containing an insufficient amount of phosphates not only affects the formation of the skeleton, but has an essential influence upon its separate parts. A young pig was fed 126 days upon potatoes alone, and it had, as a result ot this insufficient food, rachitis (rickets, or softening of the bone). Other pigs, froal the same litter, fed upon potatoes, leached- out meat, meao, and additional phosphates, for the same length of time, had a normal skeleton. Yet even in these animals there was a difference, according to the kind ot i phosphate added. Two that were fed on phosphate of potash had porous benes, specifically lighter than the others, which were fed upon phosphate and carbonate ot lime. — Scientific American. 