In another column will bo found a series of memoranda read to the Assembly on Tuesday in respect to the Monks' shooting case. It will be remembered that "in the reports given of the occurrence it was stated that Constable Monks blamed the restive-, ness of his horse for preventing the capture of the offender, and also that the horse had been reported as unmanageable, and that he had unsuccessfully applied to .head quarters for blank cartridges with which to teach the animal to stand fire. ' In the memorandum read to the House on, Tues day these statements are, for the most part, denied. It is said that "the horse was never reported by the constable as unman ageable, nor is it so, ".and in another memo randum- Senior-Constable Skhanklin says, " the mare. certaiulT is, not restive."" Ac cording to these and the other reports .fur nished the reader would be led to fiie belief that the " animal is a good and properly trained one for all requirements, yet in the face of all these documents Constable Monks says, in a report dated the 10th in stant, Taken unawai'es, as myself aud the horse were, I believe the quietest horse would have acted similarly." If -.'the ques tion is asked " Similarly to what?-" the obvious answer" is, . " To the" restiveness described," and then the . departmental memorandum goes on to excuse this defect in tho horse by stating that The attack on the constable was : sudden and unex pected. His action was equally so," and " There are very few horses indeed, whether trained to stand fire or not, which, under similar circumstances, would stand fire." It will thus be seen that while the whole intention of the memoranda is to deny the truth of the report, the fact is evidently admitted that the horse was unmanageable on the occasion referred to, and beyond this, in his vexation, at not taking his pri soner, Constable Monks repeatedly blamed the restiveness of his horse in the presence of our reporter and several other persons. .The character' of the horse is also well known to many in this township, ' and we may add that not only this .animal but also nearly all. the other horses in. use by the troopers of this district are utterly condemned by those- who know what a trooper's horse should be. In reference to the statements in respect to the application for blank cart ridges and the reporting of the horse, we may say that the information was not supplied to us direct from the police, hut we were and are still convinced that the statements made are true in the main particulars, notwithstanding- their contra- diction by the department. ' ; ; " The late rains have, no doubt, done a great deal of good to the growing crops, but farmers are still anything but sanguine as to the coming harvest. It. appears that many of the paddocks were sown very late, waiting for the early Tains, and these have made hut poor progress ; a "large proportion of the crops are also looking very thin, and anything but promising. In some parts of the district, however, there are some good-looking fields, but at Natte Yallock it is generally understood that un less the weather is favorable the crops in that neighborhood .'will, be next to a failure. There is a rumor in the town that a former resident, who deserted his wife .and children here some years ago, has been heard of, and has intimated his intention of re turning to tho bosom of his family. It had been reported that the man was dead,, .that he had been killed and eaten by the Queens land blacks. A tribe of blacks died out, it is said, about tho time alluded to, and the sudden mortality was held to he fully ac counted for, but if the man turns up alive and well there should be an inquiry into the death of those poor cannibals, to ascer tain definitely what killed them. The following circular has been sent to inspectors of mines throughout the colony : — ' I am directed by the Honorable the Minister- of Minos to inform you that on and after 1st December next compliance with general rule X, section 6 of The Re gulations of Mines Statute 1877, will be en forced, and you will be good enough to notify mine-owners and other interested per sons in your district accordingly." The rule referred to is that requiring the adop tion of proper means for communicating distinct and definite signals in mines be yond 150 feet in depth. Yesterday was an unusually warm day for the season, the thermometer at mid-day registering nearly eighty do-, grees in the shade. Towards evening the sky became overcast with heavy black clouds, and there wore strong hopes of a heavy downpour of rain. It was a oaso of " hope deferred," however, for after a few1" drops, scarcely sufficient to damp a pocket- handkerchief, the clouds cleaved away ' and left the stars visible. Later there was con siderable" atmospheric disturbance/" with thunder and frequent flashes of lightning, but no. rain, worth mentioning. To-day the. weather is again threatening, and the chance of rain has not yet passed away. '/ There will be a busy day at Moonambel police-court to-morrow."" The-principal case- on the shcetis one. in which the magistrate's assistance is sought to settle the question of -a; child's paternity. The case was heard about a month ago, but is to he re- opened to hear fresh evidence. The search for Evans, the man- who shot Constablet .Monks, - still continues,, but hitherto without success. Detectives .aud constables have been looking for him' at Wedderburn and Kinypanicl, and there has been a report that ho made for . the. Serpen tine district. It was also stated on Mon day that he had been seen at Grey town, near Nagambie, making his way towards Benalla. The St. Arnaud police received notice at the beginning of the week- to ex pect the man in their district, and they were also informed that a man answering the de scription had been seen at Gross's Hotel, Goldsborough, on Saturday. The following was telegraphed to the from Sandhurst on Wednesday : — Black trackeps arrived by train to-night in order to proceed to-morrow morning to search in the direction of Strath- fieldsaye for the. man Evans, who fired at Monk at Avoca. Evans is supposed to be in the neighborhood of Strathfieldsaye. , ' From information kindly supplied us by the secretary of the Maryborough hospital, we learn a few facts respecting the attend ance of patients which must be interesting to subscribers in this district, as showing the usefulness of the institution and also its claims' upon local benevolence. For the three months ending September last the. average of indoor patients was as follows : — July 42, August 49, September 54, show ing an increase on each month from the first, and in addition to this there were no less than 732 attendances of out-door pa tients. During the month of October, 13 cases were admitted from the Avoca district, being three each from Avoca and Amphi theatre, two each from Mountain' Hut and Moonambel, and one each .from Barkly, Natte Yallock, and Redbank. The secretary states that owing to the ;depression existing in business and all branches of industry the funds of the institution are not in so . flourishing a condition as he and tho com mittee would wish, and' he appeals to the people of this neighborhood to make a special effort on behalf of the hospital on the occasion of his visit next week. A detailed statement of the last quarter's col lections appears in our advertising columns. The Maryborough Mining Board held its monthly meeting on Tuesday last. A letter was read from the Shire of Avoca, request ing that certain fees collected by the Home- hush herdsman ho refunded; the request was complied with. In response to a peti tion from Mary Driden, Amphitheatre, the Board withdrew their objection to her ap plication for twenty acres of land. Patrick Murnane applied personally for thej re moval of objections to the sale of three al lotments of land hold by him at Redbank. Mr Britten said he had made another in spection of the land, and would only recom mend tho sale of one allotment, as he was satisfied that the Liverpool reef ran through two of the allotments. Mr Britten's report was adopted, and one allotment only was recommended for sale. Mr George Cart- wright, Lamplough, preferred a complaint against the. herdsman of the Lamplough common, for impounding 50 sheep belong ing to him without giving the due notice required by the Impounding Act. After hearing evidence on both sides, the Board decided that due notice had been given. Our Rodbank correspondent writes : — "The Inspector of H. M. State Schools visited the Redbank school, and expressed himself highly satisfied with the progross made by the night scholars, the percentage being 78'735, a very high number for a night school. Tho day school, which was examined in Juno last, obtained the high per centage of 94'3S8. Such a result, as compared with the per centage under the former teacher, viz., 55222, must be very gratifying both to parents and scholars.'-' . We have received copies of the prize-list of the Geelong lndustrial-and Juvenile Ex hibition, to be held on or about the 1st of De cember. The value of the prizes offered is set down at £1,300. There is a large and influential executive committee, aud the list of patrons includes His Excellency the Governor; the Marchioness of- Normanby, the xhembers of the Ministry, members of Parliament;- members of local governing bodies, etc.", ( and a good secretary has been -found in. the person of Mr Edward Hurst. The Exhibition is intended for adults as well as' juveniles, special classes being pro vided for each; We will be pleased to hear that residents. of: this district, both young and- old, are .using energetic measures' to make the exhibition a success. ' - Mr James Stewart will "hold "ah impor tant sale of farm property on Wednesday next. The property to be disposed of con sists of 300 acres of first-class land,, situated at Eroom Hill, together with crops of oats, wheat, and barley, horses, 30 head of cattle, farming implements, etc. Mr Berry attended the Assembly on Tuesday and remained about a couple - of hours. Although much improved,- he was. still very weak from the effect of the" recent illness. - : Shareholders in the Monte Christo Com pany are informed by advertisement, that all shares on which the thirteenth' call has: not been paid will be forfeited. " , ' ' The Pyrenees Company have made a call of 10s per share, payable on the - 12th proximo. . . "Wo remind our readers that - the annual festivaLof the Bung Bong Temperance" and Mutual-Improvement- Society will he held on Tuesday next.' , . : A valuable oil-painting, entitled .' ." No Surrender," has just been added to the 'col lection in the Melbourne Public Library by the gift of Mr Dougall McDougall, who purchased it for £500 at the last exhibition of the Royal Academy in London. . The subject is taken from Mr Erkmann- Chatrian's " Story of Waterloo," and has been very successfully treated by- the artist, Mr A. C. Gow. Received — The final report of the Closed Road Commission and other papers, to be reviewed in future issues. Melbourne Punch for this week repre sents the Chief Secretary and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen piling up the weights of tax ation on the farmer, who, being down, is kept down by the load placed upon him. Breeders of thorough-bred stock in this district will be pleased to notice by adver tisement in another column that the well- kuown horse " Aggravator" has been placed at tho service of the public for the remainder of the season. Aggravator is the winner of a largo number of races, and has a splendid pedigree. The Murray at Echuca is still rising, and trade is said to be very brisk, \- The Myrtle Quartz Mine, Wandiligong, has yielded 95oz. of gold during the plastT fortnight. ' / A heavy flood is expected in the Darling. The country is already inundated for ufiles. : Specimens estimated to contain 280oz/of " gold wbre obtained from No. 6 "South Lady Mary, Gympie, on Tuesday. One hundred and nine tous from.this qlairu gave 285oz. -Eighty tons 'from No. 9 , soUthi'Lady. Mary .gave 4S2oz. , The. prospects rof. the _ field ' generally are very bright; ' '' v Mj. \J The ' Steampacket Hotel,-. Echuca, ' -"was partially destroyed by fire yesterday' morn ing. Tlie fire broke out' iii oheAf .'the "be"dr ;rooms; and before assistance could be ren dered the greater portion of the building -was consumed. . - Ou Sunday morning a man named James Collen was killed at the sawmills at Wil- liamstown, S.A. He was caught by the flywheel and thrown a distance, of 25 feet. . The commissioner of police at Adelaide has reported in. favor of the bill legalising the totalisator. He says it should be under the control of the stewards at races. It has hitherto not interfered with peace and order, and if properly conducted will, no doubt, he highty appreciated by the Government. An attempt to bring off a prize fight near Bathurst on Tuesday was frustrated by the police.. . _ ' A dinner was given to Trickett at Sydney on Tuesday night by a number , of citizens. The mayor occupied the chair, and several members of- Parliament were present, . 'Mr Mason, according to the Mroitin -In- dependent, will have to cope with a power- ful opponent at the approaching general olectibn, Sir James M'Culloch having; cSPh- sented to stand. " One of the Echuca papers publishes another Kelly rumour of yesterday to the effect that four suspicious-looking men with one horse were- seen a short distance below Echuca, supposed to be the gang. A bonus of £4,000 is offered in Adelaide for the best reaping and cleaning machine, to be awarded at a competition to take place during the next harvest. Ellen Tremaye, or "De Lacy Evans," still remains an:inmate of the Bendigo'hos-: pital. The Bendigd Advertiser .reports that she continues, to improve in health, and will in ail probability shortly be discharged from the institution. The unfortunate wo man has a great aversion to meeting any of her former acquaintances, aud expresses a desire to leave the colony, and will no doubt do so immediately she is liberated. A petition from" a number , of owners of gold mining properties . and mining managers residing at Stawell, against the proposed increase of the duties on mining machinery, was preseutad to the Lagislative Assembly on Tuesday night by Mr John "Woods. , . \ The body/ of . a . man named William Cerber, a recent/arrival from England, has been found floating in Sydney Gove. Half a brick and a quantity of bluestone metal weighing ten pounds were found in his pockets. The. deceased was a seaman on on hoard theLa Hogue. In the opinion of Mr. Longmore, the introducers of hares, rabbits, foxes> and; greyhounds ought to . be prosecuted and punished. However," as a mo.re moderate step, the hon. gentleman pro poses this session to remove hares from the - list of protected game. The Star. says, the demand for houses in Ballarat seems to be considerably on the . increase just at present, and building is pretty brisk. The Gippsland Times mentions that Mr Mason, M.L.A., has entered a libel action at the next Sale County County Court for alleged libel, the defendant being Mr Hickox, of Traralgon. Yesterday's Bendigo Advertiser < has. .the following : — It is thought highly probable that the man Evans— who ou the 3rd in stant shot Mounted constable Monks .at Avoca, while that officer was attempting to arrest him ou a charge of robbery at Clunes — is somewhere hi the neighbourhood of Sandhurst. Information was given to the police on Monday by two miners,' who stated that early on Monday morniug as they were going . to work, they came across a man answering to the description of ji vans camped, in tlie busu, between oueops- head and Grassy-flat. The man acted in a suspicious ' manner, seeming alarmed at being observed, and took- up his traps and cleared out. The . police have been scour j ing tho district since, but have .failed to discover tho culprit. Two black trackers arrived by the train last night, and. the search will be resumed to-day. , We Age) have been furnished with some information with regard to Dr. Gilchrist, the founder of the scholarship . the council of our University have allowed to he., for feited, which will be of interest to our read ers. It appears that Dr. Gilchrist was a medical officer in the East India Company's service, and that lie had never been in Aus tralia. It seems, however, that as far back as 1S00 he was induced to buy some land near Sydney, now known as Belmont - Es tate, for which, he gave the sum of £17 10s.; and the gradual sale of this property in building lots, of which the last was dis posed of. only a year ago, has realised alto gether over £60,000. The coiners, James Creed and Charles Hart, were again brought before' Mr Panton; at the District Court, ' on Monday, to answer the charge of having /coined - a number of base half-crowns and shillings. The prisoners, together with Louisa Creed, the wife of the man Creed, were also ar- 'raigned on the charge of uttering counter feit- coin. Defective Lovie stated that after' Greed was arrested he made'-' a clean breast of tho affair, fully acknov- ledgin his guilt, and,, in addition, giving tho names of a number of persons- ou whom he had uttered the bad money; : Several tradesmen having positively- identified the accused as the persons who had passed' the coins at their respective places of business, the Bench committed the prisoners for trial, Mr A. Read reserving his defence. The female prisoner was submitted to bail in the sum of £50. An enlargement was applied for on behalf of tho men, but as the amonut was fixed by the magistrates at £500, they were sent to gaol to await the \- trial, not being able to obtain tho requisite ' recognisances. ; In connection with the recent rush in the Omeo district; a letter has been received by the Mining Department from the chairman of the Gippsland Mining Board, in which he states that there are 300 men at the rush at Sassafras and Wheeler's Creek, and that inconvenience had been experienced by the miners in consequence of the absence of a clearly-defined boundary line between the Beechworth and Gippsland mining dis tricts. A singular circumstance (says the Mary borough Standard) has been narrated "to us. ,, Mr . D. Bilton, the well-known farmer at Craigie, was leading a mare with a foal at foot along a high way, when, in passing a mob of horses, the latter attacked the foal. In spite of the efforts of Mr Bilton, the horses worried the foal until they killed it, as it was as much as Mr Bilton could do to save him self and the mare he was leading from in jury, the iufuriated animals turning upon them also. No reason can be assigned for the strange freak on the part of the horses, and they had all the appearance of being quiet animals until just previous to the un expected attack. The Daily Telegraph says : — The hon. member for Williamstown (Mr. A.'- T. Clark) grew eloquent on the subject of the Nelson; in the Assembly- on Tuesday even- -ihgj. an'd-jyin a. moment of ; enthusiasm; of- Iered';i:td resign,, his- seat in that House within twenty-four hours, if it could be proved to him that the Nelson, when fitted with the new guns from England, would' 'nqtrbe as'good as any two of HerMajesty'a ship's of war on "the Australian - station, or oOuld hot's'ail f aster than any one" of :th'ose/ . vessels. - ... - "'Th q Sydney Echo writes : — French, Aus trian /and -English-petty officers— dined - to- gether on board the Rhin ! Perhaps the grandfathers of these fine fellows met each other sword to sword at Austerlitz, Jena or Waterloo, and, if the. spiritijalistic theory" be well founded, the' ghosts of the old boys might have looked down with a grim smile last night upon their descendants wielding in a furious rivalry the homely- knife and- fork. We bet on the Britons' as trencher- men. - A telegram from -Sydney to the Argus says: — It is stated "that the agent-general expended several hundred pounds on scable messages to the Government in reference to certain accusations against him regarding the floating of the last loan, and it was the tenor of these messages that led to his re call. - The Benalla Standard states that'a man well-known in Benalla, named James M'Nally was drowned in Yarrawonga on Saturday evening. - It appears the deceased was suffering from the horrors, and was no ticed by a boy to he running round a lagoon shouting, "They're after me ; . they're after me," and afterwards to jump into" the la goon, waving his hat over his head. The boy gave information to the police, who! were dragging for two hours before tliey re covered the body. - : The Horsham Times regrets to have to report that a most shocking- occurrence took place on Monday at Dimboola, when Wim- mera Mussen second son of Mr James Mussen, shire .secretary, committed, sui- . cide by hanging himself in .the stable at- j tached to -his father's house. The young j man, who, was aged sqme twenty-one years, ! was' -missed about one o'clock: and was i found hanging by some rqins to the cross- J beam, to which he had - fastened them, j placed a noose round his neck, and made a I fatal leap from the manger'.': No possible cause, so oiir informant, Mr James Horni- brook, Crown Lands baliff, who returned from Dimboola last night/informs us, can be assigned for this most melancholy end to oue who was, we believe, a promising youth. " -; /- ;.v ' /. The Ballarat Courier reports that there were 450 children at the religious instruc tion classes yesterday held in St Paul's Church of England schoolroom. Several members of the- congregation 'and one or two visitors were present, 'and expressed much pleasure at the large attendance. One of the most influential deputations that has ever visited Sydney waited upon the Minister of Public Works on Tuesday to urge the immediate extension of the rail way fine from.Narandera to Hay. The depu tation stated that at present, owing to. the defective communication , with Sydney, Riverina is shut out of all participation in the advantages of the Eree-trade policy of New South Wales, and compelled to suffer from the effects of the Protection policy of Victoria. It is alleged that at present Victoria is getting from the district trade to the extent of £5,000,000 annually, which properly belonged to New South Wales. At the present moment 6500 bales were at Hay, en route to Melbourne, not one bale of which would go there if the railways asked for were completed. The deputation further stated that the feelin- of Riverina against the Berry policy "as in tense, more particularly among the recent settlers from Victoria, and the wish of the whole business people in Riverina was to cut the painter which at present bound them to Victoria. The Minister promised that the most urgent steps should be taken to complete the line to Hay. He added that the plans were already prepared, and would be submitted immediately after the opening ot irarliament.- -JtLergld. Gratifying proofs of the growing appre ciation of colonial wines continue to be re ceived by our vignerons. The proprietors of the. St. Hubert's, vineyard, . Lillydale, have just received fresh orders from Ger many and India; in which flattering., testi mony is borne, to the. excellence "of the, Vic torian wines. A gentleman,, writing from Dresden, .. Germany, states " that he has tasted no wine equal to the St. Hubert five-year-old still champagne. Another gentleman, writing from Fort St. George, Madras, states that the St. Hubert Red Hermitage, or Australian claret, is con sidered far. better, and cheaper than any Burgundy that could be. ohtainfld in Mad ras, and he predicts a great , field in India for Australian wines.— Argus. At the Corowa police court on Tuesday, a man named J effrey created a scene after a verdict. in a .debt „ case . being recorded agairist him. Before paying the amount he told the Bench that the . verdict was " the biggest swindle ever perpetrated." He was immediately ordered into custody, but ex pressed his regret, "and was liberated. He then , handed a cheque to. the Bench in liquidation of the verdict, upon which was written, " Pay swindle or bearer." This was considered an aggravation of the pre vious insult, and the man was sentenced to 24 hours in the lock-up for contempt of court. J , Mr. Warhurton, Carr presided at the Dunolly police court' on Tuesday in a case in which Mr Couchman, chief inspecter of TnineS/was prosecutor, and John Betheras, mining manager of the Queen's Birthday Company, was defendent. The action was brought in consequence of an accident to the. machinery in July last, whereby two mem were injured, one of whom afterwards died. Mr Barrett appeared for the prosecution, and Messrs" Hodges and Orme, instructed by Mr Best, for" the defence. The engine- drivers and engineers were sever, ely questioned as to the cause of the accident, but nothing could bo elicited to account for the mishap. Great stress was laid on the' inefficiency of the brake, but the Bench considered that tho man had reached the bottom of the shaft before the brake "was applied, and dismissed the case. Informations for seventeen breaches, of the mining regulations were also laid against the same defendant. The first, for not inspecting the mine and re cording, having been proved, the others were admitted, and the defendant was fined £1 for each week's neglect, and £5 costs to cover all the cases. The dredge Bunyip, ordered by the Mel bourne Harbor Trust, has arrived in Port Jackson. She left Glasgow in April last, and the voyage was so long that fears be gan to be entertained that she had been lost. It appears that she did break down twice. She will leave Sydney at the end of the week. In the Assembly on "Wednesday, in replv to Mr Bird, Mr W. Collard Smith said a copy of the Agricultural Teacher, used in the Danish :schools, aud translated and adapted foYthe Australian colonies by Mr. Wm." Luplau, of Ballarat, would be fur nished tq every head State school teacher. The copies were procured at the expense of the tate. 