CHRISTIAN RELIGION AT ST. PETER'S COLLEGIATE SCHOOL. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, ARTHUR E. SMYTH. Norwood, August 4. Sir- Although I think we have had quite enough lately of religious discussion, yet I cannot refrain from answering one portion of Mr. Hughes's letter of the 2ad. I say one por- tioo only, because the cert of _the letter is so obviously weak that it is lraaiiiiiifc of notice. "We Soglishmen don't want objections without mmm, or ban ■titwnento, however bold/ ■wmIuJ, without proof. In the late Bcum controversy the write™ on the Low Church side would not admit of any ■art of absolution in the Book of Common Trayer they abut their ayes to the Prayer £ook; but Mr. Hughes has gone as far to admit * certain aort of ahaointion, although be en deavor* to explain it away, and it 11 to thia point I would direct your attention. Mr. Hughe* says—" Private aorieular coufeiaion baa no place in the Prayer-Book except in the ' Visitation of the Sick,' and in that case the priest, after bearing the sick person's confession and pronouncing absolution, baa to ptay to God to forgive the penitent," arguing from thii that •he priest profwati no power by virtue oihU office to forgive the tins of the penitent. X think people who are not quite blinded with prejudice will admit tint the Charch of England recognises the fact that the Holy Ghost is given through men m the uutnuneata of God. One reference to the ordination of Bishops will be •aflnaat to show thia. The word* of eongesra tion read :—«Beeeive the Holy Ghost . . . and remember that than stir op the grace of God -which is given thee by this imposition of our hands." Language cannot express more strongly -than this the fact that the Church of England jgrjtei that the Holy Ghost is given to man by Oil is the first point. How we turn to the laid Mf i|f*?^« on head of the iiwanim. and thereby conveyed to him the Holy Ghost for Bis special seeds, commissions fr™ to exorcise it in three distinet functions :—{l) 0 Whose sins ebon dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose ■ana thon dost retain they an retained," it, the power of abaolntum; f2) - and be thou a faithful dispenser of theWord of God," in teaching; (3) **aod of w«* holy — i^«««iiti* in aiiniinivfcer'l*g them. The present enquiry directs our atten tion to one only of then functions, namely, absolution, and especially to the form of abso rataon in tfee -Visitation of the Sick." This " Oar Lord JetuGnriit hath left power to His Church to absolve all "*"?— who truly repeat and believe in Him." Hie Cbnrch thns proclaims that Jesns Christ being rightly enduedwrth plenary authority to forgive, encases this power by Ha chosen depu ties the bishop and priests of Hla Ohnrch, and Aooardingly the priest envet in the optative mood the ahagJnrion from Christ,"Our Lord Jena Christ ... of Hi* great mercy for give thee thine offences," that is by confirming what I do on earth, and forgiving by my minis try. He then fnmeeds to the indicative part of titf absolution: "And by Hi* authority com mitted to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins intbenameof the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." The pardon u miniate daSy conveyed, after the priest has beard fee penitent's confession, and awertained if pardon may be safely dispensed. T^*** tihfl CTWgfh Iff *"g^«"^ Anemnn^Mmmiiiar tint absohttion simply «lw.laratory is proved by this fact—that at the Savoy Conference the gteabyterians objected toth? words "I absolve -thee," and requested that the words should be declaratory, thn?, ** I pronoxnee thee absolved." The bishop* replied, "He form of absolution in the liturgy is more agreeable to the Scriptures than that which they (the Presbyterians) desire, -it being said in 8t John xx. ' Whose sins yon zes9it,they an remitted,' not whose sins you JVTF**^"!^^ TffrHittd'in The stubborn fact that the old term and form -of ahaohrtion, which has bean preserved in spite of strong opposition at every revision of the Fzajer-Book, still remains in the present book, is sufficient to show that the absolntiau is not merely declaratory^ and injustice to honest but niif fm'r*i Honeonformiat* they nave tried hard «aough at every revision to make it such. This is my second point. It is suffiefcut answer to the main objection to answer tcjst the OoUert stood in the •ame position as it now stand* in the old Salisbury office, for none can doubt that when lhat office was in use the absolution was held to «onvey remission of sin. Aa a matter of faet, •iw OoDeet is the original absolution, which has teen given to dying penitents for more than : -thirteen hundred years inthe Western Churches. ! Xbepcayccof Darid for the remission of sins surely implies no kind of distrust inthe efficacy of Nathan's declaratory absolution which pre ceded it. It need not even isjjply any doubt as *o the smescfty andanffieieneyand aooeptanee of his own contrition. What it does imply u the newjasltj of deepening his sorrow for amglveusin, as an mdispemmble eondition of 4the renewal and growth of the spiritual life so ..grievously wounded. "Amplins lava me a jjewsto rnecf—" Wash me more and more from jiijiiliisoiiirai" again, we have intheezhortation before •tXsnaatefonin the Book of Common Prayer— "it there be any of you who by this means cannot quiet his own conscience herein, but re wuiielli comfort or eonnsel, let him come to ie"(theparish priest)-or to some other dis ■OMtandWneiminBterof God's Word,that Jit the ministry of God's Word he may receive j£e bencBt of absolution, together with ghostly «oonatl and advice," &e.; The Ooofearion fa to be nsJ or anriealar.and private, and with titeezprces abject of reoeivmg -thebenettofabsoltttum tocher with -ghostly counsel and advice." I ask any nan of ordinary abQity and common sense, on fte strength of tins quotation, to 4eny. if he can, that the Prayer Book teachea •<private anrieular confession^ and that, too, with a view of absolution, carrying out in ibis the strong teaching of St. Paul in 8 .Cor. Thus we find that "the Church to >hich we tnre allegiance is, on thia point, as on all others, entirely of one mind with Holy Scripture and Brfmitm Catholic usage;" and if any (further croof of this is required I refer with confidence to a whole catena of Church of England divines ■iaee the Beformation— (" Oatense of Kztncts from A^r'^^" Divines; Cambridge edition, na%. -Ali-mA hr TnJna«m RolMlflfiRldt." 