Newspaper Debtors; (jProW the St. Leonard's lltcordtr.) Some of our supportere (eave tho mark I) must be either very poor indeed, or they Bufforfrotn defective hearing nnd eyesight to a sad oxlent; otlierwiee our appeal to their bcdbd o£ justice, mode last week, would havo met with a more ? ready re sponse of their bands. Notwithstanding our urgent' roqueet for n. settlement of outstanding accounts, tho tido of overdue subscriptions does uot flow iv with any thing Hko that freedom we would deeire, and the coneoqueuce or this forgotfulne?* on the part of our friends begins to tell upon us with a force not all calculated to add to the pcacefulness of our slumbers. It is a -well- established rule amongst journalists-that subscriptions to a news paper should bo paid in advance, but there are of course peculiar-circumstances under which exceptions hare to be made from time to time. Unfortuuately we havo to doat with a great many of the ' exceptions, , and bad bargaius many of them are,-without the ghost of a ..doubt. For tho enlightenment of some, of our more long-winded customers, wo publish in another part of our local columns to day, tho law relating to newppapers' from which they may loom .that there is nothing to be gained by ' hanging fire, , but that prompt settlements of newspaper accounts aro. tho most satisfactory for all the parties concernod. We have stood far too much of thie wholesale credit bH?ino??—much' more than we intend standing in future. Wo always like to pay our way, and iiaturallyoxpoct people to pay us what they owe. Wβ have no less than six different classes of patrons on our books —' year-in-advancers,' 'prompt quarter-men, , 'slow but sure ones,' ' payers-by-hard-squeezing,"' dead heads,' and ' bilkers, , alias ' swii.dlors. . The first class are unfortunately, like angel's visits, 'few and far between ;' the second are more numerous, but not sufficiently bo ; the third are about ditto; the fourth, not many ; tho fifth aro far too numerous j and the sixth and lost, lo ! their names is legion. It is to be hoped that tho third and fourth classes of subscribers will forthwith see tho error of their ways and join the more advanced ranks. We shall adopt speedy means of bringing the ' bilking , gentry to their senses. One old incorrigiblo of thin genus, who swamps the prico of a dozon Recorder) every night in stringy at the local pube., and who may be recognised by a patch over some portion of his uninviting index, will come in for an early share our atten tion, and a younger member of tho fry who trades to some extent upon our ' long Bufforing , attributes, will have run the full length of his nose—we mean hie tether—before many days. Indeed' wo have determined to publish in our next issue a list of defaulters ' without respoct to porsoue, , and if this fails to have the desired effect, we shall run them all in. 