ROMAN CATHOLICS AND EDUCATION. The following is thy Educational f'astnra! Latter uf the Archbi-iuqi ami Bishops oxoercising jurii-dio- tion in Now South Waits; — "To our dourly b-iovud s.-othren and children in Christ, thy Clergy, s oulur ami Regular, ami Faithful under our .! urisdietion. " Health au i Buuedi -nun in tbo Lur.l .Testis Christ. " llavigy; boon convinced by many signs from many quarters than existing dangers to Catholic education are steadily increasing so as to become absolute perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice ; we. the Archbishops ami Ui-lups having jurisdiction in Jsctv South Wales, who are responsible to God lor the souls of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take council together regarding the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our unity 1 voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education ol Catholic children. 1 " The erection of costly public schools in every direction, which is continually goiog on ; the steady, systematic way in which our denomina tional schools are tilling weakened and ex tinguished: the treatment uf Catholics at Rand- wick and the Benevolent Asylum ; the prospect of secularist grammar schools springing up at the public expense in -Maitland, Goulhurn, and Bathurst; of a secularist high school for girls being established in .Sydney, nnd partially en dowed by the Government j of £1500 ayoar'boing spent for five years on the education at grammar schools of boys exclusively from public schools; this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the community, to tho exclusion of others who eat not in conscience avail themselves of it, is, in a free community like our own. where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. " And more than this, this expenditure on god less education, this studding the colony with schools which tho church knows from oxpcrienco will, iu coorse of time, fill tho country with in- differcntists. not to speak of ubsolute infidels ; this use of Catholic funds —of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets — for establishing a system of education throughout the land, which not tnerelv Catholics cannot safely make use of, hut which thoy firmly believe is calculated to sap the founda tions of Christianity, is an act so galling to overy feeling of fair-play, that we do not see how any free man, with any. spirit in hiiu, can allow it to pass unchallenged. ' Not merely as Bishops of the Catholic Church, but as citizens of a free country, which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its tax payers, we emphatically lay claim to our share of that same even-handed justice ; and believe it to bo the duty, of tho Catholic body not to rest until thoy have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow-colonists, We, Catholics, who repre sent ono third of the population, do not ask for or s seok nnejot or tittle more consideration than our v fellow tax-payers receive ; and we do not sea why we should bo content with ono jot or tittle less. " Let it be boroo in mind that this is distinctly a religious question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the contention of rival parlies. But when not justice alone, but the future of religion itself is essentially bouDd up with a certain position ; when tho question of education is in point of fact tho great religious question of the day ; wo should be prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should prove our selves unfitted lor our trust, were we to hold our peace ; did wc not, at the present juncture, set forth tho teaching of tho Church with great dis- tinctuass, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unmistakable clearness, your duties as in terpreted by that teaching, " Christ came on earth to renew tho world by the graces ol His spirit, by His perfect law of tile, and by tho supernatural revelation of His will to man. What tho highest paganism aimed at, and failed to accomplish, that Ho did, in all its fulness and perfection. The first chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to tho Romans gives us an outline of tho degradation to which man can (all under a civilisation which is based upon the passions; whilst the higher philosophy of Plato, Socrates, Cato, and Cicero has proved to us how impotent are literaturo and philosophy and intellectual culti vation, when thoy set theniselvos to purify the spirit of the inner man. The hideous blots which disfigure the highest morality of Rome and Athens are as so many lingers which point to the utter imbecility of man when he thinks to civilise tho heart, instruct the conscience, and direct tho will, | apart from the inlluences of true religion. And j what the history of the past has proved to be the I ease, tho history of the present is ever more and more confirming. Wa find, on u!l sides, that where the philanthropists have attempted to educate tho inner life of man by philosophy, legislation, or in tellectual culture, the effect has always been the same. Every civilisation which has not had Christianity, for its Oasis has boon dwarfed, stunted, and deformed ; and every effort, from ' that of the most remote pagani.-m to that of j infidelity, to deal with the conscience, the will and i the heme of man in their inner sanctuaries, has 1 resulted in the degradation of man, and in the ' collapse of the philosophy which corrupted him. ; The reason may have been exercised, and the ! intellect informed ; but, apart from Christianity. the moral nature, ori which man's worth so much j depends, lias never been educated, nor his powers, : passions, and motives elevated or refined. ' What paganism could no; and cannot do. that our Lord did by bringing Christianity in:n the : world. What legislation cannot touch, or philo sophy shape or -ustain. that our Saviour cam.' r . legislate for, to purity and n ennoble, through th- gifts and guidances uf the Cnri.-tain di-qnoi-nd jo < He, and He alone, was able to convert and re- generate, and deal effectually witn the inner heart of man, for this simple reason, that he was man's Maker. It required the power of holy Bap-ism, with its interior ana supernatural effects; the light of faith illuminating the intellect and in forming the conscience; and the grace of the sacraments, especially of penence and the altar, together with tho supernatural life of piety ami : prayer, to bring their united action to bear upon the world, before mail could gain any tidv, piatc notion of what Christian civilisation reallv meant. ; and of tho effects on tlio entire man of Ciiri-tiaii j education. These things, it is plain, are cspcci.il gifts of Gou to fallen nature; tney are graeinuslv bestowed to supplement man's weakness, and to assist him in withdrawing himself Irom the tyranny of passion, and the thraldom . of pride; away from that, brutality which is produced by mi enslavement to the world, the devil, and the tlesh. Besides these gilts. Christianity brought knowledge of a perfect Kind, compared with tho obscurity of the past. It caught man that in comparison with the next world, this world and ail its wealth and knowledge, arc as dress ; that heaven is bought cheaply at the prici of all tin.- present life can offer; that man is made for God. and has to save his soul, bofore all things else; and wlmtcvur he Jose, if ho gain God, all is gained. Christianity brought into the world, also, three invaluable gifts; a true knowledge of God. a Divine living Model or Exemplar, and a clear law of love towards God and ran n. ' On these teachings, all civilisation arid legisla tion. all morality, public, social and private, are founded. Without these man falls back into paganism and barbarism ; his moral natnre corrupts, and he gravtiates towards the comlitiuu of the savage. Whilst, on tho other hand, with Christianity thus acting as a moral force upon mankind, through supernatural grace, the efficiency of the sacraments, and tho teachings of Revelation, man is lifted up : his reason energises in its fullest freedom, flis conscience is trained to a sense of highest duty, and his heart and will are developed to a recititude, fullness and ripeness which aro never to bo found under less favourable conditions. " Now we aro bound, both by tho natural and the revealed law, to educate children in the knowledge of God, in His love, and in His com- mandments. As christians we are buund to 1 : educate thorn in tho full revelation ol Jesus Chris., ( and to procure for them those blessings and gifts I which the Christian Church alone has . paver l ' ! bestow. By tho law of nature parents are bound to train their children; and hv tin- law of Christianity the Chureti is hound t i see that patents do their duty, and whil.-r father and mother, on tbu one lmnd. are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children' from the dawning of their reason : the Church is bound, on the other hand, to coni- ploto tho work which tho parents lmvo begun. 'Go yo therefore and teach.' or make disciples of ' all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and ol tbo Son. and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observo all things whatsoever 1 have com manded you,' is her commission. Here the duty is iraposod upon her, and sho receives the neces sary gifts and powors. Thus both parents and the I Church inculcate tho same class uf teaching ; they j aro in perfect harmony ; tho education of tho child at its mother's knee is not undone in the Christian schools, but developed and completed. Through the whole period the graces and in- lluonces of Christianity are operating in the inner life of the Christian child ; the heart, tho con science, and the will, are being moulded for life ; and the entire being, body, soul, arid senses, the coninloto personality becomes saturated by a civilisation, of which Christianity alone can be the origin. ' Thus it is self-evident that education without Christanity is impossible: you may call it instruc tion. filling the mind with a cortain quantity of soculiar knowledge, but you cannot dignify it with the name of oduaation; for religion is an essential part of education ; and to divorce religion or Christanity from oducation is to return to paganism, and to reject tho Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Churoh condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, nnd that method of teach ing in which the religious element is divorced from the seoular. Sho knows that instruction is not education, and that a system of national training from which Christanity is banished, is a system of practical paganism, which leads to cor ruption of morals and loss of faith, to national effeminacy and to national dishonour. ' It is not. thorcforc, surprising that Popo Pius IX. Bhouid have issued the following weighty instruction, which our Catholic people and our Protestant statesmen would do well to ponder on. In it they will find no now doctrine, but the old touching of tho Church, whioh springs from im movable principles of religion. ' Tho greatest injury in inflicted on socioty,' says the Supreme Pontiff, ' when the directing and salutary power of tho Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which the happines of the Church and of the commonwealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct the true and useful progress of civilisation, and give man thoso helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life his last end. And in truth a -system of teaching which not only is limited to the knowledge of nataral things, and does not pass beyond the bounds uf our life on earth, but also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily be guided by tho spirit of error and untruth ; and education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the mind and moulds tho tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, j must infallibly produco a generation which will j have no guide but its own wicked passions and j wild conceits, and whioh will bo a source of ! greatest misfortunes to tho commonwealth and j their own families, Who does not see that the ! same system will give rise to still greater evils if j it tin introduced into primary schools ? for it is j in these schools abuvo all that tho children of the peoplo ought to be carefully taught from their tender years the mysteries and precepts of our holy religion, and to be trained with diligenco to piety, good morals, religion, and civilisation. In snch schools religious teaching ought to have so leading a plaoe in all that concerns oducation and instruction, that whatever else the children may , learn should appoar subsidiary to it. Tho young, therefore, are oxposod to the greatost perils wbenovor in the schools, education is not closely united with religious teaching. Wherefore, since primary schools arc established chiefly to give the people a religious education and to load them to i piety nnd Christian morality, they have justly j attracted to themselves in a greater degree than other oduoational institutions all thooaro, solicitude ' nnd viligance of the Church. The desicn of with- drawing primary schools from tho control of the Church, and the exertions mnde to carry this design into effect are theroforo inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her, and by tho desire of extinguishing among the peoplo tho divine light of our holy faith. Thoso who pretend that the Church ought to abdicato or suspend her control and her salutary action upon tho primary schools in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author, and to be false to the charge she has rereivod from God of guiding all men to salva tion ; and in whatever country this pernicious disign of removing the schools from ecclesiastical autliority should he entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there tho Church would be in duty bound not only to use her best efforts, and to employ every means to secure for them thenecessary Christian oducation and instruc tion, hut moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to tlia Catholic Church.'' " Wherever tho question of Secularists' schools has arisen, the Bishops of the Church have preached tho samo doctrine, and have urged upon tho people the same truths with the samo warnings. How tho Bishops of Ireland havo spoken in bv nod and out of Synod, again and again, is known to all "f you. The English bieraehy has more than once considered it its duty to address the Catholic people of England to tho samo effect. In one of rheir recent joint pastoral litters they say; We have already declared that education without Chri.-tanity is impossible ; or, to use a modern phrase, that the secular and religious elements of education are inseparable ; that education is essentially religious and therefore that where religion i- excluded there is no education. Hold fast by the old traditions and axioms of your | fathers, bchools without religion may give in- I struction. hut education they cannot give ; they ! cannot educato a people. Lot it he called national instruction, hut, in the name of Christanity, let it not he called education. Not only is education without religion impossible, hut instruction without religion is instruction without morality. A people to whom morality is not taught cannot he mora! ; hut Christian morals cannot he taught without religion : for what is morality hut the law of duty, which arises from our personal rela tions towards God and our neighbour? And bon is it possible to tench this law uf duty without a knowledge of the persons towards whom these relations exist ? But to know this — unless men are going to reduce a Ohristain people to the level of Diests — Christianity must be taught iu our schools. Christian morality cannot he taught without tho knowledge of Christ, and that again by necessity, involves tho knowledge of His history His teaching. His commandments, His incarnation, llis divine personality. And what is this hut dogma? for religion without dogma is ma Christanity. In whatever school, then, religion is not taught, morality is not taught, ; and whore niornlity is not taught, the hoart, the conscience, and tho will of children are not educated' for the duties and conflicts of life. What can be more false, what rntiro fatal to men, to families, and to States, than to call this education ?'f ' Such, then, being the emphatic teaching ol the Catholic Church, we, the Archbishop and Bishops ol this colony, with all tho woight of our Letter addressed by I'ojie liii3 IX. to the Archbishop of Freiburg. July 14th, 1. t Given, April 21.1S74. Signed by the Archbishop of West- minster and his twelve .Suffragans uuhoriiy. condemn tho prinoipla of Secalaiist education. and thoso schools which are founded on dint principle.! condemn thorn, first, because they c m ravvne tlm first principles of tbo Christian religion-, ami —-.mdlv. because they are seed- plots of future immorality, infidelity, attd lawless ness. being euieu'wi" i to debase tho standard of human e::c-'!!e:-ee, an I t eirrnpt the political, social, an i i-:-tivi in ii iife -if future citizens. Wheref.iro w- urge uu- clergy to do all in their power, in t ic pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these, teachiugs of Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realises the true position of affairs. They should bring bofore the minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of faith and morals, and endeavour to make tbem feel that thoy could not do a greater service to religion or to the State than to unset, hv constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves pro mises to he a source of incalculable evil to tho colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents, who tlnough a spirit of indifference or worldlincss, aro exposing their children to proximate danger of pervision and of ruin, that they aro tempting tho anger of the Almighty God ; and that thay aro jeopardising tho faith, the morality, tho eternal happiness of those whn are too young to help themselves, and who have been confided by Nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they aro gravely responsible if thoy give encouragement to such schools, for. by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as obstacles in tho way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let ono and all remember what their fathers of old sufforod for the faith, and let them not show thomselvos unworthy of their own flosh and blood — flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. ' We are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair play exists in the community at large. Lot all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow-olectors. and their repre sentatives in Parliament these two facts, first, that catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, nnd which they consider an evil to the country : and, secondly, that whilst they aro thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them ; let the country folly comprehend our grievances, and a senso of common, open-hinded justice will assist us in working out a reraody. Would Secularists hold their penoo, if, without equal provision being made for„ them, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary schools, whilst £7500 were spent on the training of boys, exclusive from Catholic institutions ? Would they not hold that thev were being treated with extraordinary injustice and unfairness? And would not the whole world agree with them ? " It will bo urged that tho State leaves religion tojiarents and priests, and lays claim to instruct children in secular matters only. " True, the state does not. and cannot, claim a commission to educato. It is tho Winden duty of the State to ptotect, not to usarp, tho moral duties of its members. All Christian fathers and mothers are required by tbo natural and Divine law to give their children a Christian education. The State has no power or commission to usurp tho parental rights, and to compel parents to violate their conscience by sending their ohildren to schools where an alien rolicion or no religion at all is taught. To do so would be to indulge in the most cruel form of religious persecution. Tho State has no rights higher or more sacred than thoso of parents. Nor does the authority of the Church cross or thwart the natural rights and duties of parents ; its commission is to sco thai those rights are not iuvaded, and that those duties are performed. Tho Oatholio Church Gondemus god less schools and Secularist education because they are solvents of Christianity, and tend towards depriving Christian children of a priceless treasure. And no man enn be a sound Catholio and support that which the Church condemns. " Tho State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the Secularist system is not advorso to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church ? Doos not tho Church know her own true interests best ? Has not she had experience of centuries, in point of time ; and all over tho world, in point of space ? Are not her professed opponents on/the side of secularist education, nnd do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian 6ide ? And to come to facts, has the secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and de- | veloped a Christian spirit ? Lins not the i Catholio episcopate, in various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to qucncl# such a spirit? What is our own experience, and that of the Catholic clergy in this coloDy ? To their shame, it must bo said, somo of our people do send their children to Public Schools. What is the deliberate codelusion wo have arrived at with regard to such children ? That there is a marked difference between thorn and children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, and to allude to their morality, their manners aro rough and irreverent, they havo littlo sense of respect and gentleness, they have no attraction for prayer or for the Sacraments ; and promise to swell a class which is already far too largo in number. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave mis givings. " If in any country in the world signs aro being held out on every sido of tho necessity of an | especial school of control, reverence, piotv. purity, obedience, faith, it is in Australia. If in any country Catholic children require a strong Catholic education it is here. At home tho ancient tradi tions and monuments of piety and reverence, a largo staff of ciergy, a Catholic public opinion, with many other external helps, assist in the training up of the young in a Christian spirit: but here, whero all is new, the clergy few, the population small nnd scattered, and tho external helps wanting, it is most difficult, with tho best efforts of tho best Catholic training, to rear up the children to Christian piety, and with thorough Catholic in stinct.-. How ruinous, therefore, is it not, to cast Christianity out of the schools, and to confine it to a Sunday catechism- class, under such circum stances a? these. The only fair chance for Catholic children turning out Catholic men and women in this colony is for them to bo most carefully and con scientiously taught their religion by their parents from their earliest years ; and then for them to be sent to thorough Catholic schools, whero the home teaching is continued, and the mind and I heart and concience and senses of the children are I impregnated with Catholic instincts, and moulded j upon Catholic truth. | ' It may be interjected that somo Catholics do I not disapprove of Public Schools, for a certain number ol Catholic children arc going to them. I Wo reply, becnuso a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should I not condemn what is wrong, and teach them what | is right. We declaim against and condemn intom- I percnce, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education : and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion as we arc inc.ined to fear the Catholics are beginning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness and infidelity, i The Church is not ruled or guidod by tbo pructicea or corrupt views of bad, or indifferent, or ignorant Catholics, but by the successor of St. Peter and the Bishops of the Church who are in communion with him. So long as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice tnat speaks with this authority they will bo safe ; to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voice is to plungo into dark ness, and finally to make shpwreck of tho faith. ' What, then, aro our practical recommenda tions ? I. — First. Jet all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their oye. Let them bear in mind their grave responsibility in tho sight of God with regard to the Catholic educa tion of their children. Let parents from their I ; Sec Anicnilb;. children's earliest years, teach them to pray, and until they are lit for school, excrei-o them in Catholic practices, and fill them wi:h Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic in stincts, and, by example as well as words, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reveranco. Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in those duties as matters for confession, and as a causo for gravo spiritual alarm. " II.- Secondly, let parents send their children, whon of lit age. exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no plucos for their ohildren, who havo to learn, beforo every thing olso, to save thoir souls ; and who should be sedulously prepared, by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for encountering tho perils of tho world into which they will eventually be thrown. ' 111. — Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, placo their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do ao is to set at defiance the teaohinga of tho Catholic Church ; and that, unless there bo exceptional reasons, and the danger bo remote, of which things tho Church is tho judge, no : Confessor can alsoivo such parents as are willing to expose thoir children's souls to Highlighting influence of an alien crood or a secularist system. " IV. — Fourthly, let thoso who are so unhappy as to bo sending thoir children at tho present moment to public schools, withdraw tbem as soon as possible. Let them examine their children's religious instincts and moral condition ; and if. as is to bo oxpectod, they find' faith and morals weakened, and tho germs of lawlessness apparent, thon let tbom, with great anxiety, do all they can to redeem the time and remedy tho evil. Lot them especially prepare such childron for tho Sacraments, teach them to hear mnss devoutly, to say their morning and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See. and to bo obedient, docile, and reverential to all who aro placed over tbem. " V. — Fifthly, let the elergy make such in structions the frequent subject of their sermons and their private exhortations ; and let thorn not weary till godless ond non-Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children, and until all the Catholic children in tho distriot aro recoiving a sound Catholic education. i " VI. — Sixthly, let Bishops, priests, and people do nil that lies in thorn, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficiont in every way as possiblo, bo as to be equal in secular instruction to non-Catholic schools, whilst they surpass them in tho genuine education of the will, the conscience, and the sensos. 1 " VII. — Seventhly, and lastly, while strengthen ing what they have, lot Catholics unite as ono man, and insist, by moans of legitimate yet per severing and earnest pressure in the right direction, upon their equal rights with their fellow tax-payers. " What is the present position of affairs ? Catholics are paying for tho snpport of schools which they oan neithor approve of or make »»a of, whilst no analogous provision has been made for them. " We may be met with tho cry of tho ' religious difficulty,' Wo admit tho roligious difficulty ; bnt that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or miti gated, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a largo section of the community. " The ' religious difficulty ' exists in Ireland, and still moro in England. But whilst tho Catholics of Ireland aro receiving a larger share of justice as days go by. the Catbolios of this colony are receiving a less and less share of justico. Whilst tho small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education, in even-banded justico. we, here, are retrograding, and are aggravating that ono-sidedness and unfairness from which tho broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Pro testant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly ol even-handodness ? Why should not we walk in tho broad footpath of legislation on this question, and learn from her great statesmen how to solve the religious diffi culty ' by tbo British panacea of fair play ? And how can this principle of fair play bo applied ? The answer is simple. Introduce payments by results in place of the present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised, each section of tho community receives equal assistance with tho other, according to ascertained results (by Government inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds aro made use of for what nil admit to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. Tho secularist sect, indeed, would be deprived of a monopoly; but, then, a widespread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happiness and peace throughout the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support j creeds which they condomn ; nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of tho community to the exclusion of another. There would be ono law of fair- play and no favouring, for all. Those who wero equally taxed would he equally treated,— Is not this a broad, an intelligible platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally tako his stand ? If there be a wide-sproad sonso of justice in the land, as we firmly believe there is — Is thoro not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action ? " Wc recommend those interested iu this subject to study tho Intermediate Education Bill for Ire land ; the Elementary Act for England and Wales, with the New Codo uf Regulations; and Sir John O'Sbannessy's Bill to further amend the Law relating to Education. ' In matters of vita! importance and common justice half measures generally turn out misorablo and cowardly failures. If it ho worth while for the Catholic body to assort its rights at all. it is worth while for it to assort its full and entire rights. Let us all realise this fact ; and then we shall not ho content till our present humiliating position is exchanged for one of fairness and equality. It is a great cause which wo havo in hand, nothing loss than keeping alive, in its in tegrity, in our adopted land, the religion of Jesus Christ, and thus far scouring the salvation of souls, as well as the futuro greatness of the colony. Let Catholics rouse themselves to a sense of their responsibilities ; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter : and never cease in their persevering, their organised importunity, until they havo obtained those rights which no man can refuse them without self-evident injustice. " Dearly Beloved. — ' Watch yo, scaud fast in the faith, do manfully, and ho strengthened.' ' Keep tho unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace ; one body, one Spirit, as you are called in one hope of your calling; ono Lord, one Faith, one Baptism ; One God and Father of ail, who is above all, and through all, and in us all.'t " Slay the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things ; that your whole spirit, and soul, and body, may he preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.' I " Given at our meeting, in Sydney, June, 1S70, and ordered to be read in all churohes and chapels on Sunday. t Roger Bi;de, Archbishop of Sydney, f Matthew, Bishop of Batbur6t. | James, Bishop ol Maitland. f William, Bishop of Goulburn. ' Appendix. ' Decrees on education adopted by the Archbishop and Bishops assembled in Provincial Council, at Melbourne, in April, 1809. " 1. Sinoe the Church cannot rightly discharge that most solemn duty ontructod to her by Christ our Lord, namely of instructing tbo faithful in sound doctrine, and preserving them from dan gerous and poisonous pastures, unless Bhe enjoys tho fullest liberty and power of imbu'rag them with the principles ol Oatholio faith, and of training them to good morals, wo cannot approve of any system of oducation which either inflicts an injury 1 Cor., xvi., 13. t Epkos., iv., 3-U. t These., v., 23. on that power of the Church or in any way what- ; soever impedes its exercise. " 1'. Honco we condemn that education of Catholic youth which is separated from Catholic I faith, and from tho power of the Church, and j therefore we shall take care to removo Oatholio j chi-drou from those schools whioh are called mixod ' schools, sinoe in them, according to the civil law, | tho Church can exercise no authority, nor havo any 1 power in regulating tho studies, selecting tho I books, or in the choice of tho toachers. j ' 3. We admonish all the clergy and tho faithful j committed to our care, that thoy are bound to uso every exertion to ereot, whore possiblo, Oatholio schools, in which the authority of tho Churoh will be fully recognised, and that method of instruction observed which has for its object tho eternal wel fare of souls, and where tho truo teaching of reli gion is wisely combined with knowledge and pro gress in literature. " 4. For tho erecting and conducting ol these schools, wo shall assert our right to our jut pro portion of the public revenues which are yearly set apart for the education of the people, so that the olaima of all may bo respected, no prejudice being offered eithor to tho faith of Catholics, or to the conscience of non-Catholics ; and wo shall mako every effort to provide Catholic oducation in every district for our Catholic youth. ' 5. But all that, which has been asserted of tho authority of the Church in this matter of education, by no means prevents tbo different Governments from inspecting our schools, through their officials,- and of making themselves acquainted with the fitnesB and qualifications of tho teacher. . " G. Sinoe the education of youth greatly depends on tho choice of teachers, it is right that they should bo not only adorned with purity and zeal for tho Catholic faith, and imbued with good morals, but they ought also to be very well instructed in all they are bound to teach in the schools. That teachers possessing theso qualities may be bad, it is quite necessary that training schools be erected, in which they shall be proporly trained in the principles of the Catholic faith, and 1 diligently acquire a knowledge of human scionce necessary for tho fulfilling of this office. But we affirm that it is only just that assista'uee should bo granted from tho public Treasury for tho building nnd the conducting of thoso schools. " 7. But that tho olergy may havo beforo their eyes sound prinoiplos of education, in which tho faithful are to bo continually instructed, the fathers desiro to insert here three propositions condemned by tho Sovereign Pontiff. Pius IX., happily reiguing, which are of the greatest im portance ; — " 45. Tho entire government of public schools in which .the youth of any Christian state is oducated. except (to a oertain extent) in the oaso of episcopal seminaries, may and ought to apper tain to the civil powor, and belong to it so far that no other authority whatsoever shall be rocognised as having any right to interfere in tho discipline of the schools, the arrangement of the studies, the conferring of degrees, in the ohoice or approval of tho teachors. "'47. The best theory of civil gocioty requires that popular schools, open to tho childron of every olasi of the people, and genarally, all public institutes intended for instruction in letters and philosophical sciences, and for carrying on tho education of youth, should ho freed from all ecclesiastical authority, control, and interference, and should be fully subjected to the civil and political powor, at the pleasure of the rulors, and ucoording to the standard ot tho prevalent opinions of the nge. " ' IS. Catholics may approvo of a system of educating youth unuonnectod with Catholic faith and the power of tho Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of oarthly social life.' " 