British Meat Supply. HOW TO RAISE THE MONEY. The Pioneers. Thus far the writer has endeavored to arouse the public of Queensland to the necessity of combined and immediate action. Rest assured whilst so many are thinking and emphatically asserting the colony is going to ruin, our southern neigh* bora are fully alive to the gravity of the position. Boiling-down, meat curing and extracting establishments in Sydney, Maitland, and Victoria are now in full swing. Agents have already returned and reported upon the Chicago compressed system. Machinery has been ordered for both colonies, and if our graziers do not put their own shoulders to the wheel they have only them, selves to blame. The next thing is for the Governments of all the colonies to combine and vote £10,000 each, making up a large sum, offering a reward, advertised in England, America, France, and Germany, to any person who will initiate a practical paying working system for the exportation of dead meat during a voyage of sixty days to Great Britain. Though the more this matter is in ea tigated the less it will be seen is there any necessity for any extraneous or Government aid whatever. There must be at present two and a-half millions of cattle depasturing in Queensland. The owners of this amount of stock are quite equal to dealing with them on their own responsibility and out of their own capital, a voluntary assessment upon them alone (to say nothing of sheep of 4d. a head would yield £10,416 13s. 4d call it £10,000, for simplicity ; 5d. would therefore yield £50,000, and 10d. £100,000, a sum sufficient to open four or more meat curing factories. When it has been proposed in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales to raise an assess- ment of 2s. 6d. per head per annum on cattle (though it was rejected it will be admitted how easy it would be to raise the smaller sum on the much richer grazing lands of our colony. Let the cattle-owners of the whole of the colony form themselves into a company (the graziers of New South Wales have done so, and raised £100,000 to defend themselves from the free selectors, it is stated), assess themselves, form an influential board of directors, issue a prospectus, and borrow the money on their debentures in London on the Stock Exchange at 6 per cent, or from one of themselves who is reported to have half-a-million for investment I say nothing about the banks, because they have not large paid-up capital, trading principally on deposits, and it is not their province to lend money on long dates. An assessment of a fraction more than a halfpenny a-head would pay the interest on the loan. £60,000, at 6 per cent, was borrowed by the North British Australian Company, on the security of their debentures when they only owned three stations. How much more valuable is the security proposed than the whole of the six stations now standing in their name I leave the stockowners to judge. Several municipal corporations in Canada have raised (3 per cent debentures on the security of their rates. Some towns in New Zealand have done the same for harbor and other improvements, all in London. The matter is set going in the city by financial agents, who make it their business to negotiate loans for colonial and foreign companies and Governments, charging a commission. The writer has been called severely to task for venturing to hint at Government assistance. Well, he ever has and ever will be a free-trader from " the backbone to the spinal marrow." Above all, in a vast territory like Queensland, whose exports are now and will continue for many years to be almost completely confined to raw materials. But "what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander." The several Ministries of Queensland, yielding to popular clamor, have ever had protectionist proclivities. In one shape or another, and one time or another, they have protected to their cost every industry, merchants, manufacturers, tradesmen, gold diggers, and European laborers, every class but the stockowners, whom they have hampered They commenced by imposing a duty of 10 per cent ad valorem on all importations (nearly), in other words, protection of 10 percent in favor of all colonial manufactures. They gave bonuses for bales of cotton protect- tion to cotton-growers. They gave a bonus to a cotton manufactory, one to a woollen manufactory protec again. Land on certain advantages to sugar plantations protection to sugar- growers. They imposed duties on all imported agricultural produce, including rice protection to farmers. They imposed a tax upon Asiatics, and restrictions upon Polynesian coolies protection to the European laborer. Well, if our successive Governments subsidise, in one form or another, all these industries, in Heaven's name I ask why should not the pioneers, the explorers, the backbone of the wild land of the colony, men who have risked their lives, their health, their fortunes, all the ready money they possessed in the world, in develop- ing the resources of this magnificent territory ; who employ more labor than all the manufacturers, tradesmen, and farmers put together ; who stand to the laboring classes in the place of the great manufacturing industry at home ; who make the country habitable for the married families of the agriculturist, and for the timid who follow after, finding even when they settle on the land the ready cash they so much need to get along in return for their eccentric services. Are those employers of labor not worthy of consideration when in a fix ° You have added- cent per cent or more to the cost of their labor by your restrictive policy and if any class are worthy of encouragement it is the pioneers. Rest assured if you compel them to degenerate into the civilisation of wandering Arabs, or of Dutch beers the pastoral interest on more than threefourths of the territory will remain the predominant one for hundreds of years. Spain, conquered more than 2000 years ago by the Romans, who are said to have then introduced sheep, has her pastoral tenants under the Crown to this day. The pioneers away in the vast wilds of Western, Central, and Northern Queensland, devoured by every insect and crawling abomination, grilled by a scorching heat for months in the year, cannot, from the very nature of their calling, assert themselves loudly on the platform or in the Press. They have no delegates, loafers, or sailors to stir up public meetings and opinions ; they do not boost any scribblers or penny-a-liners in their ranks. Surely they are worthy of a share of that protection of which you all appear to be so proud. Pioneers, noble heart, where are ye ? Their ghosts from the Burnett haunt me 1 Their spirits from the Dawson scare mc 1 Methinks I can count near forty, All gone to their homes, That long wear)' stage, In the pride of their youth Or before middle age. Poor fellows ! they are all forgotten. Men's evil deeds are graves in brass; their virtues we write in water. A Hto dog is better than a dead lion. It is a great mistake to talk or hint that the colony is going to be ruined. It will take a good deal to permanently injure so magnificent a colony as Queensland, Individual losses there may be, Those that are free from debt will suffer no rain, they will merely have to submit to diminished profits. If fifty pioneers are sold out there are fifty more to take their places, who, having purchased without any view to realise profits by speculative Bales, but to depend upon the market value of their increase, will do well. The colony may suffer a temporary depression, but all the stock, with their increase, more or less, will be there all the land improved by fencing put up in the far interior, in many instances with borrowed capital, will remain ; men with, perhaps, more brains and Ibbs capital will take the place of the pioneer, whose fate it ever seems to be to make improvements and safeguard the country for those more fortunate who follow after him. The pioneer will have done good service in opening up the country with cattle, rendering it more suitable for the eventual occupation by the more profitable sheep. As in the past, so in the future ; the colony will go on flourishing, and with cheap Asiatic or Polynesian labor we may look forward to fresh tropical and semi-tropical exports unless, to quote the language of Sir Hercules Robinson, a great portion of the territory is to remain permanently desert-words of grave import, which cannot be too deeply pondered over by our politicians and impressed upon public opinion. Yours, &c.;, J. SIDNEY, Author of " Sheep Farming in Queensland." Parramatta North, N.S.W. 