CHAPTER XXII. TH0 RBOXOR'a BBXDRH. In all bis wnnderings round this world ofoare, In all hi* grief-and God has given his share-* He still had hopes, his lfttost nours to arown, Amidst those humble boners to lay him down j Te husband out life's taper at Its olose, And keen the ilame from waatlna bv roooae. ' -GOLDSMITH* NET sat in the front poroh waiting until the olouk struok Ave. Then, as if fired by a sadden impulse, she I started up and hurriod into hor lather's | study, seized Adrian Flemiug'e letter to the | reotor that lay upon the table among others that had come lor him during his absonoe, and hid it between the loaves of a book on ' the tiholves, «? Pathos ehall Hot ooo thia sleep-destroy. iDg document to»ai((ht, at any rate. AftOK hia lo^ig joumoy ho must bo permitted to rest woll; and to-monow, v/hon ho haa had hia breakfast, I will g'vo it to him," »ho said, aa bIiq glanood around the room to 000 that all was right, u And now," she con tinued, aa oho loft tho utudy, " X must warn Antoinette, J do wot know how much oho amy know, oi- {inspect, of lant night's mis iortuno; but uho must not be permitted to drop a word or n bint that may disturb my fathor'a pofi(io to-night." With thin Not ran upstairs and knocked. at Miflfl Doloraino'a door. "Who's there?" inquired Antoinette's | voieo from within. " it is I," aaid Not. "domain, then. You might have eomo j without kuoakiug 1" Net oponod tho door and entered the chamber, whoro ssho found Mif« Dalomino atauding before tho glaofl, pnttlUR the laat touoheu to her tollot by planing Hoy QUI oq Slur bottom and in hor hair. I "'hat-fan tho girl,' sitting I clown ou a ohiiii', jreuthifs hot,' oIIJOW on tho table, andlooldngwisjtfully into hor QQUBin'ii fp.ce-Antoinotto, if you know anything tho hearing' of which mighfc disturb my father'a poaao, do not ho botvayed by thoughtiuaaueija iuto any Ulualou to' tho I eubjeat. li'iithei; ia old ; ho haa had a very fatiguing jonruey, and ho must sleep to* . night, To-morrow morning, after break fast, when ho luifj boon refreshed by rest and food, if will bo timo enough to tell him had news." I When Net nad begun to speak Miss Delorftino had expootocl tho disagreeable accusation aha had ao long dreaded, and flaying, mentally, " Now for it," had braced herself for tho battle. But bofovo Hot had finished bUo found horooifi utranyely pulled r by the girl'a words aud iuauncu'. Neb evi dently had not come to mako «, cbavgo oi' ' to demand (tit explanation, hut to auk a 1 favour, Sho did nob look bolligeront, or even I suepioiouo, yet hoi? worda wore strange, I Did tho rector's daughter1 Biiopeot that alio 1 1 know anything about the aeorct mtirriugo P ! Uho would <;p=ifc riunnl ! -JJ-A-V- . _ hope to profit by your warning, Not. 1 might stumble upon tho vory thomo moat to bo deprecated. 'I'hey ; eay wo mutit novor allude to ropea in tho preeoiiee o£ ii man whouo father haa boon hanj-od, but, you HOC, ono may not always know but that tho mrm'a father died in hia bod, in an odour of eauotifcy. You must tell mo plainly what you mean, dear," " Then l beg you to avoid the subjeot of -Adrian Hemuig," Tho name almost | ' choked Hot. I " ' Avoid the oubjeot of Adrian Fleming I' | Certainly, if you my 00," replied Antoinette, j bogiuniugto einfy an old love-Bong " Oh, no, wo never mention himf . His name ia never heard; Our lips two now forbid to speak That onoo familiar word." ««That is all, cousin, I thank you. OU t if my father opens tho enbjeot and flako for Adrian, as he will bo sure to do, leave mc to answer him," added Not. ..«With tho (^'oatoBt pleasure in life. It will i'olioyo mo of an ombamaamont,", replied Miao Doloraino, Nat aroae to go, but ati she did oo she oaiiRht the ey»ui of Antoinotto fixod eympa* thetioally, sorrowfully upon hor, and in that instant Not foit ouro that Miao Deloraine know hoj.' tiQorat. Antoinotto waa a mixture of good aud evil too common to bo atmngo, 0ho v/aa affec tionate, benevolent, and pnerous j but ehe waa iiiitablo, thnorouu, and untruthful. She waa auh'oring nov/ from iemoree and compassion on aoeount of Net. She wished vory deeply to make amendw, if «he oould do it 'without hurting herself, She wished to oomfort Not, hut. tliio could not eonfoflS to hor, The girls looked into oaoh other's eyes an iivutant, p,ud thon Antoinette said! *' Net, dear, I see that that you don's want to quarrel with mo, aa Adrian did. Bat you don't know auythinR about that yet. YoU' don't want to quarrel with'wo, Net; but do you want to oonfldo in mo, darling ?" "I think you know all thatl eoultltell you," replied th» Rirl, gently. 11 rrotty muoh, I know that you were mar. rled on Thursday evening to Adrian Fleming by mistake.1' " Yes," breathed Net, sinking back in her ehair. " And I know that thia mistake originated in yny Rentloman's having two otrings to hia bow and mieplaeiug and miadirooting 4wq love.l.otterajhftt ho was writing to two iadiea in the fiarao honr, The one to me was a pro* posal of marriage directed to you I Yon fell into tho pitfall aeoidautally made for , you, poor little soul, and you were married by. mistake! And an my flue gentleman dis covered hie mistake he threw you off, insulted everybody right. and left,- and holted for Devonshire, ««How did you know this ?" inquired Net, in ft very low voioe. " Be told mo all i Ho camel here about noon on- Friday, assailed* ine with abuse, aeouaed me of tampering with the letters and transposing them with my own hands." I* O'h'h'h! Adriau must.indeed have been almost insane to have oharged you with suoh a dishonourable, suob a degrading act I" orled Net, with a genuine uhuddor of moral horror. , Antoinette wineed under it. It was dread* ful to see her sin through Not's olear, pare eyes# !'Yes," she said,rallying hor spirits. "And he; threatened to prosecute me t But I soon showed him the impossibility of my< having done snob a deed a» that); Moreover, I told him if hU complimentary proposal had reached my hands, I novor could have .oom* .plied with it. He weut away very<aauoh. ashamed of himseif^whou ho found out that, ho had charged we falsely, aud had only his own carelessness to blamo for'his misfortune, -if it was a misfortune! I ooneider it ft pieoo of unmeritod good luok 1" " Had it pleased Heaven, I had rather died than this should have happened 1" breathed the girl. "What! and leave the poor .babies or phans? Nothing of the sort, Net t It does nqt please Heaven nor earth that you should. diel( You shall live, Net, to.bring that soprnfoli young husband of youra to your tool yqt 1" . no, no,2jn°J This oeremony tattel ao1 hold himin "bondage I Heftays Hie; law can free him, and it mustI" ' . j The law will do no snob thing I The law won't annul a marriage, exospt for crime. That la certain, X wonder a man of his Knowledge did not know that wuoh. No, Net, yon are safe to be Lady Fleming, No efttthly powei;-not even your self.Baorifloiug ! flPjfl' driven by my gentleman's dominant *»» w«i i» wj j ? ?11 Oh, I never oared /or that 1I never oared for wealth, or rank, or title. I only oared for Adrian-for himself. If he had been the popreBt ourate that ever starved on thirty pounds a year, I should have loved him all the same." " No, vou wouldn't. For, in snob oiroum etancos, ho would have been a better man than he is now, and you would not lwo loved him atoll. People lovo their oppooitoa, it is Vou, being a little angol, aiust love a fellow with a (strong spioo of mischief in him, like Mr, Adrian Fleming. And that is all tight." Not had_again got up to leave the room. Hue paused only to hear hor cousin out, and then alio went away. Aa oho passed downstairs she happened to look from a window at tho turn of the Htanoftso, that oommanded a view of tho ohuroh-yas'd, And there she saw a tableau that startled ana alavmed her. It was Kit o' Jim-H was her Missing .MnK-in close conversation with a gentle, inan, and that gontlomaa proved, on iuBpoo Hon, to be Mr. Bm^on Goylo, whom Net ana all the neighbourhood supposed at that1 time to be in London with hla sister and their unole. Their attitude, too, was dlatyaseing toNot. Kit stood fieoatiug this oido of tho house, with her vvhiioapiou veiled awkwardly up over ,.6f ~ao round svhito aims, hot hsndsomo, l.iliioJuHg Juno hoijij down until hoi' chin touched hoi' lioavinfj bofiom, and hor lovolv MHO oyoo loworod until fiboiv eyelashes shaded ho? blooming oliooko, while around all luiiig uov/u lioi- jjloiioui) hair liko a ohowor of aioteoi's mi it sparkled iu the aun B i';Vyti, iSnijifJo iitsv, (uu! fi littlo behind hov, stood Jijpcion Goyle, with his nrm about hojp vvniafc unci hif* hoad bent to hov bosom, ana his lips too near hor ohoek, This must bo Dtopjpod, Hot; Icuotv. , Tho ruatOB'u littlo daughter, iu hoi'daily viaifca among tho poor, had learned enough ot-tho ovil thafcoomea oS goutlowea oourtW poor cottage girls and female nervnntsj. Sho leaned from tho window and raised hoi' young voioa until it rang like a sea captain a from his quarter-deok: " Kit I", Tho pair sprang apart as if a bombshell had fallen between them, and Kit began to jump oyer the mounds and run home as fast as she oould oome, while Brandon Ooylo turned and walked-away in tho opposito direotion. Net wont down into the kifcohon and wet Kit as the latter oame in at tho baok aooi'. i Wl0 that you were talking with in |tho ohttroh-yard Pr' inquired Net, asking a i very ' natural but very unnecessary ' e'U(J0 0ko had already recognised Kit's companion. " Sure ho woro Ooyle, as yo Jmought o' a?0?,., y°0Olf ^ yo hod eyes, Mistress ]Hirn "^sworo^ rather pertly. What wag ho saying to you P" gravol.v demanded tho littlo mistress of tho rectory. , Oh, Oi dunnot know I Just some o' hia deeply180'" r0pIlea tho Sli'l, blushing "Kit," said little mammam#, very solemnly, " I warn you not to let gentle men talk nonsense to you. It will bring you to evil, Kit I-to bitter, bitter sin and woe 1" i . . ., «. Dunnot yo fear, Mistress Net. Oi ken tak' keer o' meself," said the Missing Link, proudly, Netr might have goneon with her eateohism and exhortation; had nob the sound of wheele reaohed her ears. She turned quiokly and ran into the fronfrhall, and opened tho door in time to seo the gig draw up and the minister, looking-tired and hamweedi descend to tho ground. " Oh-h-Jbh / I'm 30 glad to see you, dear father I It seems a a if you had been gone a month I Oome J Come in, Give me your hat; give me your umbrella. Therol Oome right into your room I Everything is ready for you." This was all rather gushing for tho ciuiot, self-repressedl Net, but then oho had been so sorely tried during her fathoi-'a ft~®0uco, and sno had wanted him so much. -The treasure of meeting him had brought a transient oolour to her pallid oheeks and light to her heavy eyes, so that tho reotor did not peroeive the sad change that had passed over hia child, " I am glad to get homo again, my dear, and very glad to qee you, my little' angel 01& Me household.' Well, Not, is all well with the family P" he inquired, as he entered his chamber,, ,whioh was on tho neor in the rear of his office, "Wo are all in our usual health, dear father." "And my dear boy? My Adrian P My future eon-in»law P'r said tno reotor. as he sank into his big. arm-ohair. Net walked to the window and made an effort with, trembling hands to, draw the white curtain to soften the! bright bhge oi the afternoon sun, as she answered, in a low voioe i , 1 , _ " He-is not, here.'. He has gone to Fleming Ohase," aa 9on,? ^ Ohase t That is very of th^houseP^ Wm here in oharge " HQ-TI-"his father wrote for him." " Net I what is the matter with you, my dear ? Turn around here and let me look at you. Why, you are as pale as a ghost I And yo u tremble so you can soaroely stand j Net, toll me I Had Adrian, written to hiB father to sanction his engagement to you, ??AhftdJlr AdrJaa writtQn baok and for bidden the .marriago, fvnd ordered him felly minister, frowning '19,b» £ather, nothing of the sprt, replied Net, struggling to regain her self'Command, "The baronet wrots for .him to oome immediately and help to en tertain a midsummer party o£ visitors that were assembled at the Ohase." "0h' you are distressed at the separation P" ."Yes,"(.answeredNet, "distressed at the separation I" And losing all self-control attho though.t of how muofi more dire, more lasting, and more fraught witty misery than her father deemed .this separation., really waB, Net burBtinto tears and sobbed convulsively, f'ph I the little cry-baby I Oome to its daddy and be oomfortedl" exclaimed the reotor, half in sympathy, half in raillery, as he opened his arms to receive her upon his bosom, and while he held her head to his heart and smoothed her dark hair with his hands, Net sobbed herself into quietude. Then she wiped her eves and kissed her father s dear hands, ana said, as she aroa»; ^ wrong of me I How wrong to do this, the very hour of your return I To be overcome by my own jelflshx feelings, when I should_have felt .only for you and your, needs I You told us onoe that' there must 0 ,j wrorreotion from self before there ooala be a resurrection unto life,' But, oh ! dear father, does it not take all one's aaya on earth to rise above self? I will not worry yeu any more now. Here is youi; hot water, and here are your olean clothes, and now I will leave you to dress dinner P'' 8000 W^1 you be ready for "J" twenty minutes, my dear. Poor child I It was a little trying that your lover Bhould be oalled away just after your old father had gone off, Bufc I have a pieoe of wonderful news for you. Net." »«Newa'-for me, father," exolalmed the girl, suddenly halting and thinking only, and most unreasonably, of news from Fleming Ohase. ° " Yea, but, dear obifd, Ido not really know I101 a,a 8'ftd or aorry to bo the bearer or this news. I do not know whether it will be for your good or evil, but It ia grand news I Xliore I must leave it for to-morrow. I can not outer into BO heavy a subject this after / flkould not even have alluded to if but that I think it ia woll to give you some tuing eleo to think of beside Adrian's abBonoo. Nov/ with wondorlng what my news oan possibly bo, you will have no timo to/rat after your lover. Shore! bo off with you and glvo wo a ohauoo to got come of this railroad grit out of my eyos oat] nose," . Net smiled and loft tho room, speculating, indeed, no to what her iathos'ii news for her flould iio,, but knowing woll that, whatever. It was, it oould »ot possibly astonish her so muoh fui her news must astonish him, Bui< il dcfonad foi1 tho jBOi'aiijg, J. Hrtlf.an-hoiu' latox1 Dr. Btarr eame down to dluuer, whovo ho.mot Miss Ddloraine, Net, and tho babies who had been allowed to ait up to (loti thoil' fathov. After shafting lipids with Antoniotce in Ri'avo affection that somewhat surprised tho yonng lady, lio took up and lUaBod oaoh child in tuvn, find then drew from his oapaoious pockets a wonderful littla walkiug doll for lima, uuu aud a bov/ildofiiig Noah'# Avis lot JLuko, tt'Jion Not had to ma nil Jjor influence over the delighted babiop to persuade thorn to lay naido their entrancing troasiuoa until nftor dinder. Lator, when tho whole party adjourned to mo ai'iifflag.rooiii, tho wonders of tho walking doll ci of Mofth'n Avk v/oi'o cUeplayoti rutcl aj&oRgftGd; by tbo Ancf( of nooofjnUVi 1 by tho growQ people, to tho oxoluHion of vM other topics of conversation; ? and when tho hour of tho babion' bod-timo had oorao and Bono, Not eould only prevail upon thorn to no with her to tho nursory on condition that alio should take tho doll and tho ark to bad with them. Dr. Btarr waa very tirod with hiu Iour , lio' an(* H00n 0;i°»uod himself o'f Miss Doloraino, and wont to his room, When Net reuohod tho nursory with th6 children, oho found, to hor surprise, tho wttk caudles lighted on oaoh uido of tho (bossing glass, and hor Missing Link otaading bcfo*o is in an attitude oi fiolf-aojtutlny. "What fti:o you doing there, KitP" de manded Wet. booking at meaelf, to be sure. Mistress Not, wiill yo toll mo true-be Oi hondsum or no ?" " I really don'tj Icnow,' Kit, whether you are handsome or otherwise,", replied Wot. coldly. "No moro do Oil 01 thenlc as my rod ha'r'ti agin my lokes." "Yoia- hair ia woll enough, Kit. You would siot thiuk ho rauoh about your looks." " Mistrosfl Wot, did yoiver hoar o' th' Laird o liurloigh ?n inquired Kit* " Whom ?" ''The Laird o' Bnrloigh. Him wot fiy?'' ft WillR8° lftfJ0 Rna m0^ be a bn;i^ve hoard of that oiroumstanoo, Kit, , ,''}\\.\vaa ttuo», then, Mifltroaa Net ? The o' Burleigh laaa moii lier 1<0day " Yes, but it waa not woll doao, Kit. The lass a«Qd of ft brokon hoart." ' "Ou, ay! Bo Oi hoord, but that was beenuso eho had na tho sporrit to sport her ii ^ Wl!;ln\0t ni0^ hoart to bo mod a leddy 1 said tho Missing Link, sotting her arms akimbo, turning around with her back to tho glanu and surveying horsell ovor her shoulder, J'9h' yrll K0M> bft»-wtttod.3- creature, What oan I do for you ? Kit, who put this ridiculous stuff into your poor head ?" de manded her mistross. Kii (lid not aumw, hit turned slowly around before tho glass. H,vyh1an,^).d y"H ,tho Btoyy oi the Lord of But'leigh ?' inquired Net, putting her ques another form and in gentler tones. film down there i Ho doant despoise mo loiko some fowka do I" " Do you moan Mr. Braudon Ooyle?" "Yes, him." Kit 1 Oh, Kit I Don't listen to him i How many timesThftve you seen him-Jilie that in tho ohiuoh-yard V " Hoo kin Oi toll, Mistress Net ? Oi seen him noo and agon, as ho eeoms through for a rhort-out imm his flshin'.' Oi dunnot know how many tonne he hov stopped to pass tho toimo o' tho day to me. It's no a moony fit" 000 ^0iu'thet' But' oJj« ho a !.' Bow lo»g has this been going on, Kit ?" w'fT ^ seen aiche ither j-Jhet toime him and his sister tuk tay " Ha has been in London, When did-" . "On, Oi'm no maning while him wur in KitT"1 B6en thln»" interrupted !««When did he get baok, Iwas about to ska yon f" > < »' On, ftboat a week sin', O'im thenkin'." i no'tallc to this man, nor let him talis to you, He means you no good, poor gtrl I He will only bring you to sin and misery." " Nay, be willna! I'll no brok my heart if ho moiss a leddy o' me ioiko yon fool lass o' Burleigh I" said Kit, with a toss of her hand some head.. " Ho will not make a lady of you, Kit, whatever ho may say. Kit, do you remember P°/w Mo? Doyne, the sailmaker's daughter, in Miston ? inquired little mammam, as tho tears rushed to hor oyes. " Ou, ay I the wenoh wot run off wl' a foiuo gentleman to Lunnun, and wont to the dona ? I molndherl Bat yo're ho avening me, an honoBt gurrul loike me, down to the loikeo' disdttlnet0rted the Miafllug Liub'wltI* depp " No, Kit; but Mog was onoe as honest as yoa are' before she listened to a fine gentle man's flatteries," " And yo'U no ba avening Mr. Brandon Oorle to the grend vilyum wot desaived Meg Doyne P»> exclaimed Kit, indignantly. ' ^ea) I think that he is just, suon another or he would not be trying to mislead a poor girl liko you, You must not meet this Bran don_Ooylo any more. . It is as muoh as your good name is worth to do . it-yes, it mry Pf°J® ^0 cost of your soul to meet him 1 r, should force his company upon you take this warning; Never let him persuade you to go off anywhere with him under pro mise or marriage. Do not go anywhere with mm until you aro married, and! married by your own reotor, too, that you and your people may know that it is right. If* he means honestly by. you, Kit-wMoh I am ho aoos not--he will consent to do this. If he means dishonesty by you whioh I am wro 7w j d ~ Um ^ use' this test'you may i. 1 1 '."J AU, Kit's defiant spirit broke down, and she puti'her apron up to her eyes and began to onr. . . '?!,;;l . '.'--v.. " Don't fret I I am not angry with you, poor girl, but I am very sorry,for you, ana very anxious about you. I shall have to speak to the reotor." " Oo, Mistress Net, dunnot tell the maister on me! Dunnot I" pleaded the girl, in a terrible fright. " Then you must promise me, solemnly promise me, never to meet or speak to that man agaiuj''said Net. " Oill promise you to hey. .riaething to say to him, and naething to.do with 'him, Mist ress Net. an' yo wunnot tell the maister," sobbed the girl. " Yery well; that is right, Kit. On that condition I will not tell him, Now, "dry your" eyes and help me put the ohildren to bed," The babies, temporarily (forgotten ih the interest of Kit's affairs, .were on the floor with all tho menagerie of Noah'o Arlc, paraded, and tho walking' doll gliding around They lolt tlioii1 play st tho call of. little mammam'u tondor voice, and oonsontod to be put to bed ou tho already otipulatad tovmi ? \--thai; Noah'o ark cshd tho doll fihould bo put to bed with thoia, An hoar after this all was quiet in tho i'ootojTy, Not ma lyiufi awalio woadoriuc what her father's news could be, aisd v/omlexiun hoy/ he would roooive heiu Kit, in hor eot over tho latohen, mu cry ing hei'flelf to oleop ovor tho " haird-harrted sieau" of mistresaea in gouoi'&l;, imd Mistress Not, of Miston Bootoiy, ia psstioular. "* 