TOWN TALK. Our cable messages tliis morning inlori us of the death of Sir Ilowlaud Hill, the I founder of the penny postage system, at the age of S4 years. Lord Chelmsford has ar rived in England. Lieutenant Carey has I been formally released from arrest by the | Commandcr-in-Cliief. The s.s. Aconcagua, which left Melbourne on the 12th July, ax> , rived at Plymouth on Tuesday. The wool market continues quiet. We learn by telegram from our Melbourne correspondent that the caucus of Minis terial supporters in the Assembly on the I tariff proposals will take place at half,-past ] two o'clock this afternoon. Last night was a private members' night in tbe Assembly, and a number of hills were | advanced a stage. A select committee was appointed to consider Mr Casey's Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company's Bill, and leave was given to introduce bills to abolish dower and to remove doubts as to the due in corporation of the Melbourno Harbor Trust | Commissioners, and for other purposes. Major Smith last night announced that I steps were being taken to provide for a more regular and efficient system of State school inspection. We are informed that Messrs Dalgcty, Ib botson and Co. have received a cablegram from their London house, advising them that the lleece wool out of a shipment of S2 bales, marked Caramut (De Little's trustees), ex Allansbaw, had sold at an average of two | shillings and seven pence per pound. A private meeting of Protestant clergy men and members of Protestant Churches was held yesterday afternoon in the school room connected with the new Congregational I Church, Gheringhap-street. There were nearly forty of the clergy and laity present, and the llov. C. S. Y. Price occupied the I chair. The meeting was called for the J purposo of considering the Education ques tion, and the best means of obtaining religious instruction in State schools. A majority of I those present decided by resolution, that it | was inadvisable to return to the old de nominational system of education, and the | speakers expressed themselves as being determined to oppose a separate graut being given to any particular dcuomination. The question affectiug tbe introduction of the Bible into State schools was discussed at great length, the speakers differing as to the course to be adopted. Eventually the meet. : ing was adjourned until Monday without anything definite being decided upon. The Lady Superioress (Mrs Maguire) at | the Convent still lies in a precarious state, having been inseusiblo since Sunday. . Dr. Rcid has been in constant attendance on the I lady, and he does not entertain any hope of her recovery. The cause of the rev. mother's illness is chronic rheumatism, which has been followed by erysipelas in wounds on the body. It may be of interest to many to know that the reverend mother arrived Melbourne in 1S59, with eight or nino nuns from Ireland, and early in 1SC0 she came with them to reside in Geeloug iu a small brick cottage, on the site of the present bluestone structures forming the Convent of our Lady of Mercy. From the commencement the lady referred to has remained in charge of the in stitution, and with her assistance and under her supervision the Convent buildings havo been erected at a cost of about £15,000. Her object has been to complete ^bo square designed for the Convent buildings, and a couple of months since, she took active steps for arranging for t the holding of a bazaar to realise funds for tho work. In 1S6G, a second mstalment of nuns arrived from Ireland, amu<{ vwliom was! tho cousin of the rev. mother, sister Stanislaus, and there arc now 25 nune at t.bo. Convent. Wo understand | that the rev. i»-,tLQr is only 53 years of age.' At a special meeting of the Meredith Shire Conncil, held yesterday, Cr. Mankey was | unanimously elected to fill the presidential chair, rendered vacant in a double manner by Cr. O'Kccfe's death and by effluxion of time. The President-elect thanked the Council in a few well.chosen remarks for the honor conferred upon him, and as sured the members that he would use j his utmost endeavors to fulfil the duties j pertaining to the office faithfully. During the ordinary general meeting of the Council, held immediately after the special meeting, a graceful tribute was paid to the late Presi dent for the manner in which he bad upheld the dignity aud performed the duties at tached to the office. The Secretary was in structed to take the necessary steps for filling tile vacancy in the Council caused by Mr O'Kcefc's decease. A sudden death occurred yesterday about noou. A painter, named Henry Downard, a single mau, residing at South Gcelong, near the Factory Hotel, received a basin of soup from a Mrs Blakiston, a neighbor, at 1 11.30 a.m. When Mrs Blakiston again went j to Downard's house, she discovered the dead body of the old man lying close to the fire place. The deceased was in his usual state of health when seen half an hour before ho | was found dead. A magisterial enquiry was held at the Factory Hotel, by Mr W. Brady, J.P., when it was elicited that Downard was subjectto fits, and tlie evidence of Dr. Croker, who held a post mortem examination, dis closed the fact that the cause of death was serous apoplexy. It has been reported that low fever has seized the children at the Industrial Schools, but the rumor is not correct. A few days since one of the girls was taken ill, and as j the medical attendant, Dr. Seott, considered that she was suffering from a slight attack of fever, she was removed to the hospital. The girl has, however, recovered, and will be taken back to the schools, probably, to-day. The rest of the children are perfectly healthy. An accident occurred yesterday afternoon in Aberdeen-street. A horse attached to a buggy belonging to Mr Sach bolted, and when near the Argyle Hotel ran into a tree guard. The near fore wheel of the buggy was broken, the shafts smashed, and the vehicle generally broken up. The horse escancd unhurt, and bolted away with the harness. A robbery was committed yesterday morning at the residence of Mr R. Webber, No. 1, Sebastopol Terrace, Malop-strcet East. The back door of the house had been iueautiously left unlocked, and the thief obtained easy access. A work- box left in the kitchen was ransacked, and between £2 and £3 in money stolen therefrom. Several overcoats belonging to the gentlemen residing in thehousewcro found rolled in a bundle, and lying near the open doorway, so that it is surmised the thief was disturbed in his operations. Mossi-3 P. I).vycrl and Higgins, jun., of Geelong, have passed the final examination for qualifying them as solicitors. One of the hoys who escaped from tlie Jika Reformatory last week, named Thomas Werner, was ai rested yesterday morning at the Railway Station by Constable Lees. The youngster was taken before the Police Court, and remanded back to Melbourne. The Mayor, Mr Heron, P.M., and Mr Brown, J.P., attended at'the Courthouse. Some of the visitors to the Industrial Schools have remarked that there is only one qualified teacher at the school, consisting of 120 children, and are of opinion that there ought to be another. We understand that the regulations only provide for one certifi cated teacher for every 100 children, and at the present time there are five pupil teachers assisting the qualified teacher. Two men, who stated that they had been unable to get employment, applied to the police magistrate at the Courthouso yester day for relief, as they desired to go to Win clielsea. Sergeant Morton was instructed to give tlie applicants half.a-crown each, but the police magistrate pointed out that the Police Court poor box was scarcely meant for that purpose. Did our Celestials make a mistake in pro viding a banquet for the ghosts of departed Chinamen last Sunday'! It would appear so, if the following from the P. C. Hews he correct:—" Sunday next will be the auni versary of an important festival in China, which is more or less observed among the Mongolians settled in our midst. Its de scriptive name in China is somewhat equiva lent to what we might term a ghost festival in the English tongue. It is the custom of the Celestials on the recurrence of this an niversary to visit the graves of their departed relations and friends, and to place at the disposal of the ghosts of the occupants a little feast of good things aud sundry changes of raiment." We have been informed by Constable O'Grady that although he lias resigned his j position in the police force, he has not yet | received his compensation allowauce. We understand that the West Melbourne j Football Club have determined not to play a j return match with the Geelong Club. The first twenty of the Geelong College | football club will proceed to Melbourne, i Friday morning, for the purpose of playing the Hawthorn Grammar School. The fol lowing is the College team :—Baker, Bell, J. Boyd, T. Boyd, Dowling, Hope, Howell, A. Longdcn, F. Longden, M'Arthur, Martell, E. Morrison, R. Morrison, Palmer, H. Ileid, S. Reid, Robertson (captain), Robinson, Sanderson, Scott. Emergencies — Arkius and M'Lean. ■At a meeting of the art'llery men held last | evening, the following were eli03eu to repre sent the corps in the football match, on the j Corio Cricket Ground, on Saturday after noon, against the firemen:—Boyd (captain), Brearley, Cuthbertson, Duncan, Harding, Hickinbotham, Hodgetts, Jamieson, O'Leary, Leckie, Little, Dick, Munro, Pike, Terrier, Rashleigh, Reeves, Swan, Taylor, and Yonng. Emergencies — Ashmore, Arm strong, Hammond, and Lark. At a meeting of the Fire Brigade tlie fol lowing players were selected as its repre sentatives : — A. Christey, I' - Pearson, A. Ricketts, J. Shaw, H. King, H. Montgomery, E, BaUlock, J. M'Donald, J. Martin, T. Bennett, P. Hackett, Glcuister, G. Friend, Pannell, H? Dupe, T. Mayer, P. lCeon, C. Wilcox, W. Ashuiore, and H. Lowday. Emergencies—Fletcher, Willis, and Medley. Trickctt remains very firm, says a Ilemld \ telegram, at 7 to -4, and no takers, for the ! great sculling race at Sydney, notwithstand ing which, it is added, L.iycock is expected to win easily. Two of the prisoners who escaped from the j works at Maryborough ou Monday arc at i work robbing. Au official intimation was I received by the detective office yesterday morning to that effect. The ship Loeli Garry, from Glasgow, has brought out two Clydesdale entires, in excel lent order and condition. One is Young I Earl of Buclian, three years old, by Earl of Hitnhftn and dif» Ppinoo nf It'tftmmlon Buclian, and the other Prince of ivirkmaden. two years old, by Tom, dam Jane, by Lofty. They are for Mr D. Gibson. A general order has been issued by the Colonel-Commandant for a series of review parades next month of the volunteer corp3 of the home district iti order to enable bis Excellency the Governor to inspect them. Some additional drawback regulations were laid before the Assembly on Tnosday night, amongst which was one providing that, if from any cause a member of a firm cannot sign the declarations required by the draw back regulations, some person nominated by him in writing, with the approval of the Commissioner of Customs, will be permitted J to sign in his stead. : At the Education League meeting held on Tuesday night, at Ballarat, it was resolved that steps should be taken to form a na tional Educational League of a non-political character. Tho Rev. Jos. Walker, and Messrs M'Kco, Sutton, Mason, and Birtch nell were appointed as a committee for carry ing oat tho intention of the meeting. AnEchnca telegram to the Age says:— Reports of the crops from, various parts of the district are all favorable. Bain, how ever, is much required. Great preparations are being made for the conveyance of the now clips of wool, which aro expected to '■ arrive shortly. The rivers are rising ra pidly. , Tidy's Hotel, Rochester, has been bur glariously entered, and robbed of about £120 fn cash and cheques. The burglar must have known something about the place, as he went into the bar where the key of the safe was. kept and took it. He then had no difficulty | in opening the safe and securing the amount stated. • ... i In reply to a correspondent signing him- J self "inquisitive," who asked if it were true, with regard to a certain visit which Mr Gaunson, A1.L. A., paid to Castleinaine, to deliver a lecture in aid of the iocal hospi tal, that tiie lecturer did not send a shilling to that institution, and even forgot to pay his printer's bill, the editor of the i!f. A. \ Mail sorrowfully states:—"Our correspon dent's information about tlie printer's bill for Mr Gauuson's lecture is correct. We have not heard of any funds being sent to the hospital from the receipts of his lec ture." The rush to the Green Hills alluvial dig gings has had tile effect of materially increas ing the amount of business transacted at the Stawell sub- Treasury, iu consequence of a somewhat extraordinary run on minor's rights. We (/'. C. Mews) learn that since ] Saturday last close upon 120 miners' rights have been issued. This is the largest run that has takeu place in the issue of miuer's rights since the discovery of Carney's patch, Ironbark ranges, several years ago. The following is one of the best specimens of the genus "Bull" that v/e(Colac Reformer) have seen in recent times. It appeared in Monday's Argus:—"It was just after Sir Robert Peel had carried his bill for the crea tion of a police—that best service perhaps he ever rendered the state—that' Brougham wrote, ' Peel is hated in the country with a hatred that passes belief ;' bill Peel lived to have statues erected to his memory." A Wagga Wagga telegram to the Age says:—The body of a man was found on Tuesday morning at a place wliero gravel has been excavated for town purposes, and the marks on the body show unmistakably that [ another horrible murder has been committed. There was not a vestige of clothing on the remains. The body was headless, the skull having been clumped off. The skull could j notbefound, and it is believed it has been destroyed to prevent identification. The t body is supposed to have heen buried about seven woekB. The man's age was. about 40. At an inquest, the jury returned a verdict of | wilful murder against some person unknown. Not the slightest evidence beyond the find ing of the body was forthcoming. Tuesday's Riverine Herald writes :—The importation of live stock into Victoria from I liver in a by way of Echuca, continues un abated. On Thursday and Friday, last, 131 trucks of sheep and cattle came through from Deniliquin ; yesterday 03 trucks were for warded, and 79 aro to be despatched to-day, making the unprecedented number of 303 trucks in four days. These importations have been rendered necessary to supply the Victorian markets, there being at present an absolute dearth of fat stock in the colony. The consignments are not only to Mel bourne, hut to most of the principal towns on the lines of railway, including Sand hurst, Castleinaine, Geelong, Unlhrat, and even Ararat; indeed, several lots of fat [ sheep have been forwarded to the district between Ararat and Hamilton, upwards of 200 miles by rail from Melbourne, making ) a total distance of 400 miles from Deniliquin. Regarding the fog of Tuesday afternoon a correspondent writes to the Argus:— "Seen from the Balaclava railway sta tion, which is considerably elevated, the fog seemed to come over the bay in a thick sweeping mass from the westward about 1 o'clock, and by that time the greater | part of Brighton was enveloped iu it. As there had heen a warm sun for some hours previously the phenomenon was the more remarkable, and in Brighton, owing, perhaps, to the warmth imparted to the sandy soil by the sun's rays, the fog seemed to hug the sur face, and at times to appear to come from the ground like a smoke. A well- known medical numlwho drove from Prabranto Carl- f ton describes it as being in remarkable and | somewhat regular belts, extending over and between both those suburbs, with a clear space intervening. Some people who have ] witnessed the California!! fogs that come from the Pacific through the Golden Gate were re minded somewhat of them by the fog of | yesterday, though the latter was much darker j in appearance, and did not drift along so j rapidly." A meeting of the Australian Sparkling Wine and Champagne Company was held at the lloyal Mail Hotel onTnesday, JudceCope in the-uhair. The secretary read the report, which stated that sufficient funds had been subscribed to justify the registration of the company. Several promises to take up shares had also heen received. Mon's. Dargeut had examined Mr J. G. Francis' cellars at King street, and tasted the wines there and at Sunhury, and also at Lillydalc and other places where the right kindB of new wines for champagne-making weregrown, and found that largo quantities could be obtained at suitable prices, and of suitable quality. The stock laid dowu would be in good con dition by October next. After some conver sation it was resolved to authorise the sec retary to register the company and collect the subscriptions. The receipts from liackney - carriage licenses, now paid to tho police authorities in London, amount to about £25,000 a year. Mrs Isabella M'Donald, who resides at Morambro Station, near Narracoorte, has heen suffering for some little time from rheu matism in her right arm, and was in the habit of binding it with calico steeped in kerosene. The South Eastern Star relates that on tho evening of the Gth inst., while she was getting some water to drink, the bandages of her arm came in contact with a candle, and the kerosene caused them quickly to ignite. Before the flames could be extin- ! guished, the limb was severely burned, but ! Mrs M'Donald did not apprehend any serious consequences, and did not consider medical advice necessary. She continued to perform lior duties as usual, but gradually got worse, and it was found necessary to remove her to the Mount Gambicr Hospital, into which she was received on the lGth. The burns ex tend from the wrist to the shoulder, and Mrs M'Donald was, at the latest advices, in j a critical condition. Mr Rassatn, who is carrying on the work j begun by the late Mr George Smith, lias just | discovered at Babylon an octagonal cylinder, on the sides of which are engraved a history of the campaign of Sennacherib against King Hczekiah. This important find is to be sent to London for safe keeping in the British Museum. The Central News Agency states that under the terms of Baron Rothschild's will George Fordham, the jockey, will recei £300 per annum, and a present of £2000. Mr F. D. Hamilton, known in sporti circles as " Tout Cela," has arranged to gi one of his sensational sporting sketches tl evening to the inmates of tho Hospital a: Benevolent Asylum. Tho sketch on the pi sent occasion is called " My Bolting Huntc or a Romantic Runaway." It commences half-past 7, and visitors, wo are request to state, will he heartily welcome. Dr. Re will take the chair. Mr Kruger lias jnst completed auotli Hue set of photographic views, this tir illustrative of Batesford and the Mooraboi The same artist, we understand, supple the photograph from which tho view of t! Independent Church, Gheringhap-stree which appears in the Illustrated A tislralii Mews this month, was taken. An advertisement elsewhere invites tl public to secure tiekets in Bridges' Ballar Art Union at once. Attention is directed to the sale of Du wick Cottage and Land this day, at : o'clock, by Air John Davison, on the pt mises, Autnmn-strcct west. Vide aclvc tisement. Messrs Buckland and Burnett announi that during the wool season thev will ho their usual sales on Tuesday and Thursday Particulars of the draught stallion Yout Oxford, the thoroughbred Young Brou Gown, and the favorite entires Youi Victor, Prince Alfred, and Young Clyd will bo found in our advertising columns. Aijvice to Mothers !—Are you hrokei j'our rest by a sick child suffering with the] of cuttiug teeth ? Go at once to a chemist get a Lottie of Mrs Winslow's Soots Syrup. It will relieve the poor sufferer im diately. It is perfectly harmless and plea: to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep relieving tie child from pain, and the li cherub awakes " as bright as a button." soothes the child, it softens .the gums, allayi pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, is the best known remedy for dysentry diarrhoea, whether rising from teething other causes. Sold everywhere at- Is lid bottle. Manufactured at 493, Oxford Sfa London 