;;;;;:;:amhsements. For a display of those abilities which emin ently distinguish a "rumbustious periwig-pated fellovy" ' commend us to King Richard the Third. ; No role perhaps in the whole range of the English drama so admits of " tearing a passion to totters, to very rags, to split the ears of the groundlings," as. Shakspeare's -ill: favored hero of Bosworth field renown, The character has called forth a school and a style of acting that have held the British mind in subjection for generations, and. has come to; be regarded equally with Hamlet as the crucial test of the capacity of young and .aspiring knights of the sock and buskin. The swiftly recurring incidents, the intensified play of the passions, the varying phases of human misery, treachery and crime, the tem pestuous working out of the turpitude of the, ambitious Duke, and tbc unfailing interest'" that attaches to the development of the. story, all combine to render the piece one of the most popular with playgoers, with all of ' whom it is more or . less ' familiar. On Satur day night last an old Melbourne favorite, Air. G. Cathcart, appeared at the Theatre Royal in this part. There was a tolerably good house, and several members of the. profession. tern-; poraiily . unattached occupied prominent seats-' , in the.dress circle, evidently, determined to do' honor to the stor . It", is pleasant jx> observe, that, however artists may regaid each ' other j behind the cui'toin, they in public present that amiability and affection towards ' each other "that might 'serve as an additional' - illustration 'for one of Wesley's- hymns. Mr. Cathcart was;, 'fortunate in his audience.; to use a ; French . ' phrasej he was eriabled to place himsejt en rap port withcthe house -from : the; moment- he en tered. Ho had scaroely opened his xnouth' be- fore he ;was salvited by his friends with J a perfect ;<sho\yer , of choicest .Paddy's , mai'ket bouquets. , It was a spectacle to observe/, a monarch- of. such .unmistakcahle blbodthu-sti- ness. gatlieriiig- uj) . the . dainty nosegays, 'arid cai-ryirigthem ofli with an air of gratified'pride and innocericy." It was some satisfaction, however, that, as if by arrangement, , the floral tributes were all flung at the recipient simul taneously — that the absurd farce was made one act, so that those who were not in tlie secret were permitted during the remainder of the performance to judge for themselves of the'real merits of the gentleriian who: had kiridly.co'n- seuted to act a few nights in Melbourne pre paratory to devoting himself permanently to the enteirtainment of ;Nc\y" /Zealanders. Mr. Cathcart's conception of; Sidiard the . Third is ,npt . tby ..any ' means his own, however beautiful his admirers .. may think it.. It hears the sairie rcscriihlarice fo Mr. Clias Keari's that a tolerably fair replica bears to an original, ; the work of a master hand. Nevertheless few will deny - that Charles Kean in his latter days wa3 a trifle "stagy, arid that he contrived to do a roaring business as much by the name of the firm to which- lie was hereditarily : attached as by his own unaided abilities. Mr. Cathcart it ap- . pears, if not actually brought up at the feet of this histrionic Gamaliel, was yet so long as sociated with him that it would seem as though tlie mantle of the prophet had fallen on him, and that he continued the wondrous parable when the good old man was translated to another and a better Bphere. The representa tion of Richard as given by Mr. Cathcart might be described as good, had and indif ferent. It was very effective in parts, faulty in others, and as a whole the reverse of im pressive, natural or dignified. His notion of the Hunchback is that he was a commonplace . cut-throat, a chartered brigand, a swaggering swash-buckler, a cold-blooded schemer and tyrant, whose atrocities rivalled the dreadful tales of oriental bar barities. - It is the villany rather than the . daring and mental superiority of the man that is ever kept prominent before the mind of the audience. Tho murders with which he is chargeable arc apparently perpetrated for the gratification of a ruling passion rather than the result of a deliberate design to accomplish a certain end— one which some of the apolo gists of Gloster, having regard to the period and the circumstances by which he was sur rounded, incline to justify the means. ' As ' espects the make-up of the monarch, Mr. Gathcart may h'e said to go tlie whole animal. Richard is made to appear positively Ixideous physically no less than morally. The right shoulder is raised considerably above the left, the hump being made to assume unusually large proportions. One of his arms is made to seem withered to the life in the earlier and more temperate scenes, though towards the close the lung flings all his limbs about after a' decidedly lively fashion. A leg also is pre- -seritcd as deformed, so that altogether Gloster looks anything hut festive.- No one, without his telling us, would ever accuse him of caper ing nimbly in a lady's chamber to the lasci vious pleasing, of a lute. The idea of -the char acter of Richard - as thus depicted seems taken wholly. from the soliloquy commencing, "Now. is the winter of our discontent;" but. this, with all due respect to others whose opinion doubtless deserves every weight, is a commonplace and vulgar notion of the man. : 'He was a prince after Machiavelli's - Own ; heart, with the addi tional strongly- marked characteristic of taking the most direct course to the fulfilment of his Wishes, allowing no whispering of the inward monitor to turn him for a moment aside, his ferocious instincts crushing out all compunc tions visitings, even when the ghosts of bis murdered relatives trouble liim in his dreams. Brave, .daring and ambitious, his force of char acter aud mental powers, made him regard with contempt those of his family who had higher claims to the throne, and to set aside whom lie was driven to rutlies-ly immolate. He had to play a bold, a perilous and artful game ; and ill all probability had fortune not deserted; him at Bosworth we should now have liis' direct descendants occupying the English throne and his character painted in tlie most roseate hues by complaisant historians and \- dramatists. Mr. Cathcart's Richard is some what inartistic in those parts which afford a clue to the full meaning of the character of Gloster.. ...His craftiness in wheedling the Lady. Anne, in obtaining possession of the young princes, and in arranging the mode in Which lie should be asked to accept the crown, is not brought out sufficiently 'so / as. to relieve tlie tissue of enormities of which the play consists. There are no deli cate shades introduced, not a ray of light illu mines the picture, all iB dark, unhallowed and repellent, the work of a man who evidently believes in the saying that paint is cheap and that the deeper and more glaring the colors the more attractive to the eye. Mr. Cathcart abounds with mannerisms, all of which assist in rendering his Richard of the Btage stagy. He has a peculiar strut, liis hands, unless when wielding his sword, rest peacefully on his diaphragm, his eyes are always in a fine frensy rolling, and his voice is subdued to the quality of deep tragedy. The last scene was vigorously gone through, and drew down im mense applduse. It would be worse than ridiculous, on the other hand, to contend that the representation was utterly devoid of merit. To those who read Shakspeare by the lightof other days, it was, we believe, an exceedingly clever performance. It was fairly consistent through out, and kept the audience olive to the situa tions from the rising to the fall of the curtain. ThpUgli it may have smacked of what in Lon don is called the transpontine stage, yet as a piece of acting of this particular kind it was , capital. It was a matter of regret that Mr. Cathcart should have been suffering from a severe cold on Saturday, inas much as coughing and expectorating do not accord with oixe's idea of a profound sleep, in .which the -King is supposed to be buried in liis tent when his efunet relations call on him. Mr. Carey made quite a dapper warrior/ of Richmond. -As a sartorial advertisement be would be worth any money to the Prince of tailors in the character. Stuart O'Brien was really excellent as the lachrjmose old monarch who gets liis quietus early in the play. Mrs. Bryer, if she did not look everyinclia duchess, "Was a very respectable representative of a much distressed elderly lady, who had endured much with dignity and composure. Miss Les ter as Lady Anne has a peculiar and not by any' means effective style of elocution. Her efforts to catch the pitch of the theatre have not; yet unfortunately been rewarded with success. Mies Anstead is steadily improving, her somewhat sedate manner being appropriate ii; such parts as the mother of the young princes. The management are to be compli mented upon the spirited manner in which the play was mounted, the scenery, dresses and accessories being in every way suitable. Mr. Titheradge, wore he to remain any length af time in Melbourne, would, we think, ultimately become popular with playgoers. ..He has a finished gentlemanly style, though at times he seems a little stiff, and his. abilities are admitted on all liands. He is seen to ex- 'cellent advantage in David Garrick, a .sort of comedy sketch, in which Sothern excels. There is lio particular reason .why it should .have, been accorded the title of David Garrick, any more than Jem Bagges, as the incident upoji which the business turns might apply to the life of any cleveb atetor. The plot maybe' told In a few words. r .A romantic young lady, the daughter of a wealthy, nabob, faUs in love with David Gan-iclt, -whom she lias seen'in the part of Hamlet; - The father sends for the 'actor, tells him frankly of his grief owing to the pas-" sion of his child, and offers the British Roseius a large sum . of money to clear" out of the country. Garrick declines to accept the proposal, but undertakes, by a ruse, to cure the young lady of her fancy, even though her affection , for him is fully reciprocated. He induces the old gentleman to invite him to dinner with a number of guests, and in the course of the repast, and subsequently during the evening, he so conducts himself by feign ing intoxication that the heroine orders him to leave the house. She afterwards discovers the trick ' to which she was a victim, and runs away from the paternal roof to Garrick, who behaves very well. Eventullay the old gen tleman relents and consents to the union of the young people. The several parts are well sustained. At the Princess's Theatre the magnificent spectacular representation of Henry the Fifth continues to draw good houses. The theatre has been greatly improved and is how one of the most comfortable and /convenient in the metropolis. ; Carmen seems to. increase in popularity by repetition at the Opera House. ;Is was per formed during the week and on every occasion was well patronised. The Stewart family appeared on Saturday evening at St. George's Hall in a new enter tainment written by Mr. Garnet Walcb, and named If, or An Old Gem Reset. It is a sparkling and thoroughly enjoyable perform ance, very similar in general design to the Rainbow Revels, but containing a more viva cious dialogue, and a better collection ol characters. The "old gem" reset is. nonei other than the familiar story of CinderellaA with her lost slipper. In the introductory \ part of the entertainment the audience are \ made acquainted with a typical London \ lodgingliouse-keeper, whose name of Ferrett is- \ to some extent indicative of her nature, and \ from this fact it can be well imagined what \ was the. kind of life which her lodgers led \ while under her roof. The lodgers are a set \ of very peculiar oddities, who determine to upset Mrs. Ferrett's tranquillity, and also her domestic felicity, by enacting the Cinderella story, with the view of bringing into light and alleviating the condition of a particular denizen of the kitchen. The carrying into effect of this device results in the audience being greatly amused for a couple of hours, which., pass away,, like all time of pleasure, with amazing swiftness, and when the curtain falls one regrets; that the agreeable characters pre sented to us are of such brief acquaintance. At the. Town Hall on Saturday evening a- complimentary benefit concert was given to Miss Alice ltees, a young Australian song stress, possessing a charming soprano voice of great purity, and which/ with judicious train ing, bids fair to earn for its owner a promi nent place in the rauks of musical artistes. The . hall was crowded in every part, and amongst the audience were his Excellency the Governor and suite. It is now about eighteen months ago since Miss Rees appeared in public, aud during that time she has been prosecuting her musical studies under Madame Lucy Chambers. She sang for her first solo the cavatina, Eel Raggio, from Rossini's Semi- ramide. It was at once observable that the voice of Miss Rees had materially increased in volume, while the culture she exhibited did credit to her own application and to . the care bestowed upon her by lier instructress. The number was most credit ably performed, the florid music in which it abounds serving to show" the facile flexibih'ty- of her voice. At its conclusion Miss Rees received quite an ovation of flowers, amongst the tributes offered being a wreath, on the ribbons attached to which were inscribed in golden letters, " Advance Australia." In response to vociferous calls for an encore, she sang the Shadow Dance, from Meyerbeer's Dinorab, in which she was even more suc cessful than in her first effort, the difficult music being rendered with artistic grace and great expression. She also' gave the Power of Love, from Satanella, with a taste, cul tured intonation and sympathetic feeling that fully merited the applause that followed her performance. As an encore, Miss Rees Bang Within a Mile of Edinboro' Town, in a manner which elicited the unbounded admiration of i the audience. The performances of Miss Rees plainly showed that the perseverance of both pupil and instructress in developing the rare gift with which nature has endowed her baa been crowned with undoubted Buccess. Mrs. Cutter sang At the Ferry, by Milton Billings, in her usual telling manner. Miss Lucinda Blackham, another songstress who claims Melbourne as her birthplace, aud who is also a pupil of Madame Lucy Chambers, sang Come per Me Sereno, from La Sonnambula, develop ing power, expression and vocal execution that in a high degree merit the greatest commen- ' dation. Her effort was loudly applauded, and as an encore she rendered the Lime Trees bv the River witli a most felicitous display of cut tivated taste and .pure intonation. Her per formance met with- the fullest appreciation of the audience". Mr, Gaynar sang Come into tlie Garden Maud, "with such good effect that the audience insisted upon an eucorq, when he gave In this Old Cliair, by Balfe, and is to he com-" J plimented upon his rendering of the song. Schubert's Wanderer was sung by Mr. T. B. I Moroney, whose fine bass voice was heard to I advantage ; and Mr. Moyle gave-0 tu Palermo, I from Verdi's Vespri Siciliaui. The quartette I Bella figlia del amore, from Rigoletto, was ren- I dered by Miss Alice Rees, Mrs. Cutter, Mr. F. I Gaynar and' Mr. B. T. Moroney. One of the I gems of the performance was the duet, Giorno I d'Orrore, from Semiramide,"! by Miss Alice I Rees. and Mrs. Cutter. Madame Tasca was I presented with an elaborate wreath. She 1 displayed a charming crispness of touch, | and an exquisite delicacy of manipulation in I the subdued passages, producing the telling 8 .gradations of sound with most skilful effect 8 As an encore she gave Home Sweet Home, 1 with the left hand, and added another to the ' 1 many successes she has achieved in this | masterly arrangement of the old popu- I lar melody. As a violin, solo, Signor i Ortori played a Reverie Espagnole by Marzo- i rati. The Melbourne Liedertafel sang two of 1 their well-known part songs with good effect. i The Melbourne Liedertafel gave their third 1 concert (for gentlemen only), on Monday even- 1 ingj in the hall of the Athemeum, Collins-street, I when an excellent programme ' was per- g formed. . Haydn's string quartette (op. 77, B No. 1). was' played by Signor Ortori .and B Mr. P. . Montague (violins), Mr. R. A. I Jaeger (tenor), and Mr. A. Montague (vie- fl lbncello). The number, both as regards time, B execution and expression, was performed in B an admirable "manner. Herr Julius Siede 1 played _as a ' flute solo the Carnival of I "Venice. The theme was 'given with graceful B expression, and the variations were per- H formed jri|h an execution and power g of lip that can oftly be achieved by an accom- B plished flautist, and lie was honored with » I recall. Mr. Staker sang the Veteran, by B Knight, so much to the satisfaction of tlie fl audience that he received a recall. Mr. B. T. fl Moroney, whose name was on the programme, g was prevented by indisposition from appearing, B and liis place was taken by Mr. S. Lamble, . H who gave Adam's song, True to the Last, most H effectively. As an encore he sang Nancy Lee, ' H by the same composer, with great spirit. The B duet, Flow Gently Deva, was well rendered by fl Messrs. Staker and Lamble. The Melbourne fl Liedertafel sang a number of their favorite fl part songs. The Jolly Little Man, by Siede, fl was given with spirit ; and Kucken's Sere- I nade, and the Toast, by Zbllner, were capitally R rendered. Abt's beautiful song, Abend, 9 done full justice to, the intonation being po- fl feet, and the solo part being effectively given fl by Mr. Lamble. Becker's Firt Hinaus, Lind; fl .paintner's Before the Battle, and Tscliircb Eg Ver Lorven Erwachen were ably rendered. Eg Bishop's The Tiger Crouches was sung with jl most appropriate descriptive force. All the Kg part songs met with the full approval of the || audience. _ H The usual monthly meeting of the Musical 1 |g Artists' Society of Victoria was held on Satur- Bj day evening, in the music warehouse of 9 Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg, Collins H street east, the chair being occupied by Jlr. E. A Jaeger. Signor Qrtori was elected as a member, and one subscriber was also elected. An interesting lecture was given by Mr. W. G "VVeir on Voice Culture. After the busi- .1 a " musical programme was performed. Haydn's quartett (op. 77, No. 1) was well played by Signor Ortori, Messrs. P. Montague, E. A. Jaeger and A. Montague. The .quar tett was played in commemoration of Haydn's deatli, which occurred on 31st May; 1809. 1 "A march bv Guilmant, was rendered as ^cabi net orean solo by Mr. A£B. "Allen arid/Mr. O Vo<t gave on tbe pianoforte 'am' 'artistic interpretation of a rondo by Steriidale' Ben nett. Mr. J. -P. Turner sang Gounod's Valley ; and Mr. T. S. Iiamble sang the Song of Pan, a taking composition, by Mr. . A. Plumpton, written to Shelley's words. , . 