THB D'ABOT BEAD IMBROGLIO. ? •- TO THB BOITOnOF THB COUBIEB. Bib,—The paragraph copied into your paper this morning, from the Age having reference to D'Arcy Bead and myself, is calculated from its wording to mislead the. public as to actual facts. In jastiee to myself, therefore. I hasten to give you an exact version of the affair. Our agreement, signed In Melbourte, states that we sh«ll oonjointly " rnn the Ghost entertainment in Geelong two weeks, Sandhurst two weeks, and immediately following, through New Zealand,*' to open ia Dunedin at Easter. On the strength of Mr Bead's representations as to the heavy expense of carriage of paraphernalia, and his large salaries, I was induced to allow him two- thirds of the gross takings, for producing his entertainment at the places named—a most unusutl proportion, and only such as could be done on quick world eg. . Hut mark what ffllows : — Instead of staying but two weeks in Sandhurst he stays five weeks, allegtrg van! of suffident capital in hand to enable him to take the ftenr Zealind jjurtey, consequent on not recovering oertain damages from Ur 1£. Dyte. So he settles down comfortably and inexpensively for three weeks more on tis two-thirds j ast the same, with •bout £12 a week salaries only, whilst I have to continue to pay all outside expenses on the one-t bird in th face of a large f tlliug-rff in the returns. Naturally a heavy loss to msresults After running fiveweeks in Sandhurst, he signifies his intention of dismissing bis company, closing up, and retaining to Melbourne, this notwithstanding be has been receiving a large proportion of the receipts in consideration of an expensive trip a!flo"to"T?ew Zealand The idea -was doubtless pleasant enough, after reoeiving from me some £217 -dear money in Sandhurst alone. I may mention that •at the very outset he broke his contract with me by not ooxomexkdng in Gee\ong till one week after oontraot time, and for which, had I liked, I could have claimed a oons&derable; amount, or put him to great inconvenience. I shall say no more, pending legal process in the matter.—Toure, &c.;, Melbourne, 25th April, 1879. W. 8. Hxdcalfe. 