PARLIAMENTARY. Bbibbane, Tuoaday, 9.30 p.m. ' In the Legislative Assombly this aftornoon, Mr. Griffith moved the adjournment of the House, for tho parposo of otilling tho attention of tho Government to tho seorot and disgraceful manner in which tbo oxecution of tho oonvioL Matter was oonduotod yesterday morning. Mr. Palmer pooh-poohed tbe chargo. Tho Press and tho publio are indignant over tho matter. Mr, Diokson opened the dobnto on the Finan cial Statement. Ho doubted whethor tho re venue would amount to tho snm the Troasnrar estimated, believing there wonld bo ono hun. drod thousand of a cash defioit at tho end of next year. Ho objected to tho proposed divi sion of tho loan, and considered that one-half of tho loan was too largo a proportion to sot apart for railways, Mr. Maorossan said tho Government intendod to carry out tho polioy for whioh they woro elected— coohomy, combined with a vigorous works poliby. Mr, Griffith went, through tho finanoial state aqt .in detail. Ho denied that tho west rn country wob adapted for oloso settle ment, and considers the conntry too far from a market, oven with tho Railway, when it is considered how high freight must ncoessarily bo. Mr. Griffith's speech was a very tolling ono. Mr. Maofarlano (Rookhampton) denied that tho Control Railway was entirely for tho beuofit of pastoruliats. Uo hoartily approved of tho polioy of the Government in rospcot to tho dismissals from tho Railway workshops; ho bolievcs nothing should bo nudartakon by tliom oxeopt repairs, and that now stook should bo mado by ooutraot. Charters Towers, Juno 3. Miss Charters, Bistor to Warden Charters, wdb marriod on Wednesday last to Michuol Culhauo Urowno, and to-day sho was foand dead in tho bush ttonr Wellington, half a mile from hor house, whioh sho loft during tho night. A gnrtor was ' found tiod round hor throat, and blood had iseoed from hor oar, Jnno 4. | A orushing of 889 tonsfrom the No. 8 ' Jnst.iu-Tlme olaim yioldoi 793oz. 17gr. of gold.. j An enquiry into tho doah of Mrs. M. 0, | Browno, who was rsaently onnd dead in tho , bash hoar hero, showed tint tho nnfortnnate 1 women's deooaso was brotght nbout by hor ' own act whilst laboring uuwr a fit of insanity brougut on by drink. — dower. Theatre Royal.—" The totoroon " went off spiritedly lust night, aud was « Juoidnd im. provoniont'oh tho first, (tie uotors being moro' familiar with the ta-t , liut tho imitation of | tho " Ghost" tabloaax of tho oharactors was a failure, owing to tho bad disposilioh of the light, whioh was too wotk to throw tho; fignras into sufficient rolitf to mako them I visible to tho andienco. Bat wo have nodonbt that these defootswill be overcome' in to- night's representation, as .we find' the feat is to be repeated. The aliasing bnrlesqao of " Aladdin,", or " Tho Wordorfal Soamp," is annonnood for to- night, and we oan guaran- tho thoro will be' no failure it that. Tho pleoe . 1b sparkling with fan, and. a great favorite .with London andienoos, being from the pen of tho best bnriosquo writer of the day. School op .Arts.— Carltonk Ghost seems to inorcaso in' .popularity, the moro ho walks abroad, if wo ore to judge from the crowded housos that nightly attend to witness his mys terious Sittings. Tho supernatural effeots produood keep tho audionoo iu a high state of wonder and wrapt attention, while exclama tions of surprise constantly eaofipe tho lips of the arowd as if they ,were lost in astonishment. Tho faioe of the two " Othellos " was an immenao ' snooess, and mainly owing to Mrs. Clintons amnBing persona tion of Sir William Goorgo Henry Oroswiok, in whioh he' introduces his speoiaHty, 41 This ,hero foot of mine,'' and a most wonderful foot it is. As Pat the Builiff he is a ouro for dyspepsia, aud the best typo of a " rantia' roarin' blade" we have soon on tho boards. Wo think it will tako Bomo time and trouble to 44 ley the Ghost." Burton's Oirous.— This well-known' and hiirhlv-Donular Oirons. of whioh the Press spooks in suoh glowing toons, will open in Rookhampton on Thursday (to-morrow) for threo nights only, and wo havo no doubt, although wo havo Miss Stephenson and. her olovor company, and" Carlton's Ghost" as rival attractions, it will bo woll patronised, partiou-' larly us its stay here will be eo short. The Great Australian Cirous has made a most Buaoossful tour einoo its lahnoliiag, in August lust, through Tasmania and New Zealand. Tbo monster : marquee !b fitted up with bom-! fortablo seats and brilliantly lighted; and tho. stud of horsos is said by our Southern eontom- \- porarios to bo unsurpassed. In ad dition to tho diBplnys of equos- triauism thoro will bo feats of aorobats,' gymnastios, tricks by dogs and monkeys, and : othor amnBomonts of a varied oharootor, so that it oan hardly he supposed bnt that the Rookiiamptonites will orowd np and give Mr. Barton and bis troupe a hearty weloome. Building Society. —The fit ty-eighth monthly . mooting of No. 5. Building Sooioty, was hold at Mr. Dibdin's offiooB last ovoning, Messrs. ' Hoadtiok and Ferguson woro tho sitting direotors. Subsoriptions amounting to £154 10s. 3d. were received, Ono advance share was sold at 10 per cent. Tns Scottish Lassie.— Dr. Salmond, tho Health Officer, was to leave in the Bunyip at midnight last night to mako another visit to tho Soottish Lassie, in ordor to ascertain whether auys ymptoras of typhoid have developed thorn - solvos in tho two patients who wore suffering from lever on the occasion of his first visit to tho vossel. It is boliovod, however, that it will not bo found necessary to farther withhold pratique, in whioh ease the immigrants will probably be brought up to town' to-morrow ovoning. A further supply of fresh provisions was shipped on board tho Bunyip for the ubo of the immigrants. The Emperor of Germany.— To-day a very interesting event will be commemorated in ' Gormany, and no doubt by tbe German people all ovor tho world. Wo allndo to the "golden wedding" or fiftieth anniversary of tho mar riage of tho Emperor Wilhelm. His Majesty ; was married on the 11th June, 1829, to the present Empress Augusta, the daughter of the late Grand' Duko Earl Fredoriok of Saxo- Weimar. We loarn that tho ovent will not bo allowed to pass ovor in Rookhampton without fitting obBervanoe on the part of onr German : fellow- townsmen, as tbo German CInb have made arrangements for an evening's pleasure at their Club House in Kont-stroet, oommeuoing , at'8 o'olook this evoning ; and a very pleasant time will no doubt be spent in honor of the veteran Emperor Wilhelm I. Life Assurance.— By advertisement, we sea that we are favored just now with a 1 visit by tho Rev. J. G. Turner, who is at pro- sent, while travelling on account of health, oooupied in promoting tha business of the ; Australian Mutual Provident Sooietv — — tha oldest, wealthiest, and best-known of our life aesuranoo institutions. Bockhampton has already had impressive examples of the value of thiB mode of providing for tho future and nnhapily some local instances have exhibited tho serious family disadvantages following from nogleot. The endowment plati— that is- aBBur- ' ing for a limited term, say till 50 or 55— com- . mends itself to yonng men ; and it ' should . bo known that tho sooiety has no objootion to assuro the lives of women, whother married or not. It iB satisfactory to kuow— and this is , perhaps the highest commondation of the tho sooioty — that of lute a largo number of well-to-do members have increased their asaur- anoo by good amounts, preferring tho oertainty thus afforded to tho unreliable hopes of fluctu ating business. Licensing Court.— The usual monthly sit ting of tho abovo oourt was held yesterday, boforo His Worship tho Polioe Magistrate whon tho following applications were granted .' — JomoB Roborts, senior, for gonerul publican's lioonso to Juno 30tb, 1879, for the Prinoo of Waloa' Hotel; also an appUoation for renewal of same libouso for year ending 30th Jane, 1880; Edward John M'Donald, renewal of oountry publican's lioenso for 44 Mao'e" Hotel, Grnoomoro; and Henry Villiors Lawson, re newal of oonntry priblioan's licooso for Tor- minus Hotel, Wostwood, and for a lioenso for tho satno hotel for tho ensuing year, Tho oonrt thon ndjoarnad until tbo 24th instant. An Idea. — Tho hon, tho Colonial Soorotary said tho other night that' 44 tho lion, member for Logan had lalion into tho idoa that the Govornmont waa legislating for tho pastoral lossoo. Tho ides, wns a fareo." Possibly, but how about tho reality ? An idoa, says Diolcons, Is liko a ghost, it must bo spokon to a littlo before it will explain itself. Although tho junior momberfor Brisbano ea is unliko a ghost as poBslblo, still wo risk asking him what is his idoa of an idoa ? Booauso, wbatovor tho poli tical ontortaiunjient now before tbo audience rany bo oallod, it. appears to ub that tho donow msnt will disoloae a very terriblo tragedy. Publicans' Lioensr Fees.— An advertise- . raent in our issue'; of '"'this morning; ; reminds . jblioiins that » ut)lW-he!> oeftifi- ! cates granted sit' tho anitiual iibonsiags mooting of Magistrates! together with tlio required fco,. are lodged in the Treasury Offlbo, Brisbano; on or before the 80th inst., tho certificates will become void. Sure of a Majority.— Tho Governmont havo to bo oomplimoqtod on tho vory off-hand devil-may-Oare sort of a manner in whioh thoy irausMit publio business. Sure of a, majority, thoy bring forward measures of great or Binall import, with a'jauntlhoSi and' off- hnndednoss- whioh imply thny oan, if thoy ploaso, eooio, any number of runs off their own bats, and: stump out their opponents at wiU.; The.. other j night Mr. Stevens movod tho sebohd reading of; the. Travelling Sheep Bill, and it was. pretty qortain, oonsldoblng tho- nnmber.y of , sheep U1TUVIP UU IUU WUVwtUUlUUV OtUU) UUTT IU IIUUIU go. Mr. Grlfflth ventured to remark that "he should like to know what the governmont moant.by the Bill. Hon. members had, heard : no opinion'from any membor of the Governi ment, and did not know whotlier thoy had any." The Colonial ; Soorotary (Mr. Palmer) replied in hie uBual brusquo manner that " Silouoo gavo oonsout." Whioh meant neither : moro nor less, than that ministers had not hiug tq say, but intended to do ns they pleased. Vory satisfactory to tha gentlemen at the wiokets, and equally satisfactory to lookors oh. " Mr. Griffith said it waB quite refreshing to find ono enbjeot npon whioh they , (Minis terialists) might oxprcss their own opinions; They had . beon seen, however, on soma occasions, expressing opinions . ono . way and voting another. With regard to the Bill, ho|bad heard that' some moaBare of the kind was very neoesBary ; but, aftor the extra ordinary eonfliot of opinion oxprosaod on tho ;othor:side of the House by hon; members who' were pastoral tenants and specially interested in in tho matter, the Hoaso should have some, aathority from the Govornmont as to the merits of the Bill. If there was nothing to be said for it, it shonld: not bo allowod to. go into VUlHUUbidWt iura JTBMliUA 1UJJUVU y ttUU GW reply wee one of the moBt extraordinary, and most insulting, not only to Mr. Griffith, but to the country, that oan bo imagibod.'' Ho. said "if the leader of tho Oppoaltibn obpied tho Govornmont ho would hold his tonguo when ho had nothing to say about tho subjooc, from the f aot that the Government wero prepard to allow tbo Bill to pase its soooud reading the House would take it for granted that .they thought it ought to pass," .' Aqd this is the way we are to be governed i A qnostion ot oonsidorable importanoo is brought boforo the House, and tho wiro puller of tho ministry, annouoos that he and his colloaguos had nothing to say tosupport or defend it. It was his will, that the Bill bo read a eocond timo. Mr- Palmer has imposod a silence upon thoOabinot ; and would impose a liko silonco upon the Opposition, " Wo hold our tongues, Sir — hold yours." Admirablo I And tho more admirable beoanso it was at tho expense of juatioe and of the oountry. The next step will bo, tbe imposing silence upon all mombors. Mr, Palmer's words displayed a palpable . con sciousness of weakness of polioy, aud an avowal of Btrength of partisanship. Ho 'oould not assert the soundness of his own position): therefore oooly told the Opposition they had no position at all. This oroatos a prooodout whioh if followed will ondan'gor tbo liberties of the subjoot. Mr. Palmer is one of those very olover gontlomun, whoso understanding mooiures tlie violation of the ordinary rules of parliamentary courtesy, by his own standard, and not by the important oonsequonaos whioh' flow direotly from tho principle's involved , Or the probable resiilte. But it has pleased God' tn r»iun na a Miniof.i'v finrl n nrtrliamanfartr . majority, who oonsidor themselves bo firm in; their seatB, that they are dead to argument; and will not be instructed by experience. Will: the oountry put up with this ? \- Summons Oases.— At thb Polioe Court yoster day morning, before the Polico Magistrate, Metthow Forrest was summoned.! by Patriot Egan for a breaohpf tho Amendod Impounding: Aot. Tbo information charged the defendant with having driven oertuin animals off .enclosed' land belonging to tbe plaintiff, without giving! notioo. Mr. Jones appeared for the plaintiff,! and Mr. Melbourne for tho: defendant. It appears the defendant's son was seen . by the plaintiff's son driving a oow and oalf out of a paddook , belonging to tho plaintiff. A publio road tons through tho paddook, and; the oattle were grazing in the . paddock at tha time of the alleged offenoe. It was admitted that the cow and calf were tho defendant's property, aod it was maintained that he should have given uotica to defendant boforo removing them. For the dofonoe it was oontendod that there was no evidonoo to show that tha cattle wore not being driven along the road, and that the thoroughfare being blooked thoy had to be ' driven aoross the paddook to another road to get ont. Tho iienoh dismissed tho. oase, bnt mode no ordor as to costs, Benjamin Armitago was summoned by tho Inspector, of Nuisances for a breaoh of tbo goat by-law. The defen dant had somo goats on his premises whioh wereanregistered aud were not provided with the triangular aoUaria aeoardanae with the by-law, Tho Inspector, it appears, went to capture tho goats, but defendant refused to'let them out of tho yard, as he considered that ' its long as ho kept them on his own greund he waB not obliged to register them. He pleaded guilty, however, and as a heavy fine was not pressed for the Benoh infllotad the nominal fine 1 of Is., with 3s. 6d. oosts of Court and 10s, Cd. profes sional ooats. Central Railway,— Tho following aro tho trafilooarnings on tlio Central' Railway .for tho week onding May 24, and for tho corres ponding week of last yoar :— Passengor fares, £209 Ob. 3d. ; corresponding wook last yoar> £254 6s. 6d,; dcoroaso, £45 Cs. 3d. GoodB and Live stook,. £725 4s.. lid. ; eofrespondingvyrcok last year, £356 12b, 2d.; inoroaso, £3G8 12s. 9d. ; Parcels and miscollanoous, £34 8s. 3d. ; corres ponding wook last your, £41 3s. 8d.; decrease, £6 15s. 6d. Total, £968 18s. 5d; corresponding total last year, .£652 '2s. 4d. ; Total ineroasa, £366 lis. Id. Tho total traffio ournings during the year up to date woro £20,747 Os. 9d., showing ah incroaso on tho corresponding poriod of last yoar of £523 lis. 5d. Unnatural Oftence.— At tho Poliao yostor day, boforo tho Police Magistrate, John Was- man was bronght up in oustody oharged with having committed au nunatural ' offonco. Sonior-Borgoaut Mol.drum stated that prisoner surrendered himBolf to tho polioe nt 8- o'olook that morning. Witness asked prisoner if he know what ho wsiB oharged with, and ho re- pliod " Yes." Wibuess prayoil for a remand for the production of further ovidonoo, whioh was granted till tho 18th instant. On tho ap plication of Mr. P.eos R, Jonos, who appeared for the prisonor, bail was allowod, prisonor im his own raoognisanoe of £60| and that of his father in ft similar amount. . A-Poob Lookout.— Raooa are not to the fine, at Btihduborg. Our oorrospoudont writes; —I 'have boon waiting for somo timo to sc> what our raoitig mon aro likely to do; but i' seems they can malco no headway ; tho publit have subsoribod only £13, ns tlio station- holdors rofuso to assist, and it is likely that there will bo no raoing club moot this year.— Maryborough Chronicle. 