OORRESPONDENOX. /* " Enquirer."—Bismarck's title Is Ffirst Otto* von Bismarck-Schonh&usen;, Reicbskansiler oes DeutschenlleicliB" (Prmce Otto jwhlHsmairck SchonhauSen, Imperial CBiapcellor oUiho, Ger man Entire). Every independent Sovereign, belonging to.the Empire. jncsgnlm.MinjBB a Fiirst (Prince). "One Interested."—The specimens yea send are quartz. If yon look-up tbsdate numbers of the jOijweryou will find plentyof information on the subject. - j.; * " One of Them" disputes-the statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lands that ail the officers in his department work hard and well earn their salaries. Be knows that this is true of the Surveyor-General and some others,.hnk believes the prnning-knife could be most beneficially applied to . offices in the -depart ment. He urges the necessity for retrench ment, and warns members of Parliament that .they,will hear much more upon the snbject at the next election. " One of Them" .does mot point-out any particular officers. that^migbt be -dispensed with, nor does he adduce any evidence in.support of Ins assertions on the snbject. <■ . .." Phoenix," P.O., ELooringa.—A letter has teen sent you. — "G. "VV. Teakle."—Certainly not so long as they are under efficient instruction at some other school. " Ventilator."—It is a matter f«r between the landlord and the teaaatltyoa think it necessary yon might draw the attention of the Board of Health to the defective ventil£ tion. cIan»e ^Impounding Act, 1858, to which yon refer, provides thattseburity sWd be given to a ponndkeeper on releasing cattle, if the fees have not been paid. "S. R. J.Smokedried."—It depends entirely npon circumstances. We recommend yon to consult your architect. -Lawler's Ghost."—We do not consider it fair that your communication shonld appear above an anonymous signature. " E. Shepley, Coromandel Valley." refers to a clause of the Impounding Act which he feels sure utot very clear to the general public or to poundkeepers, and says:-" It £ a very customary thing for most poundkeepers to levy a charge of sixpence per day per head npon aU cattle impounded, which is not only unjust but illegal, as they can only put sixpence for faAW in the cattle on the first day's impounding. I can assure you, Sir, that it becomes a yew serious matter where a person may have the misfortune to get thirty or forty head of cattle in the pound for ten or twelve days, having to pay sixpence per day exclusive of sustenance, which is Is. 3d. and Is. 6d. per day." " Enquirer."—The largest nugget of gold found m Australia was discovered in the Dunolly district, Victoria, in 1889. It weighed 2,520 oz., and its value was £9,600. " Doubtful."—Before the Bank Holidays Act - was passed a bill falling due on a Sunday would have been payable on the Saturday, but now Sunday is in the schedule to the Act, and money would be payable on day following, as happens when a bill becomes due on a Bank holiday. iR7fCaJTPe!^S/dneyuP°1bei1' theP°et, died in r?*'f ■ .In 18^1 he published one of the best of his lyncs,—«England's Day," which appears to have been his only other well- known work besides those you mention. You might obtain any of his poems through a bookseller » W. H. Osborne "—Chambers's Mathematical Tables contain the ratural sines, cosines, tangents, secants, &c.; Publishing price, 3s. 6d. Chamberss "Solid and Spherical Geometry"' treats also of conic sections. Publishing price Is. 6d. ,OooLe01^"^8il.GametWdsdey was born in. 1833, and is therefore 46 years old. "A. Lipson."—The word "resolve" means to separate the component parts of; to reduce to the constituent dements; hence to melt; to form a resolution; to determine. "A Subscriber, Oalcowie."—The Hundred of Way is in the Oounfy of Musgrave, Port Lincoln District, and north of Lake Hamilton. It was. part of Mr. Price Maurice's ran. "Student"—The estimate of the population, of the several Australian colonies at the close of' 1877 was as follows:— Victoria 830,787 New South Wales Queensland 203,084 South Australia ... ... 236,864 "Western Australia ... 27,838 Tasmania 107,104 New Zealand 417,022 The figures have considerably increased since - the date named, the population of South Aus tralia now being estimated at 257,000, but we are unable to give the population of the other - colonies at the present time. " H. N. Weippert."—You had better adver tise the fact yon wish announced. "O. B. M."—The statement made in a late number of the Observer in answer to a corre spondent that a ponndkeeper is not obliged to • give thirty days' credit for impounding fees is quite correct. The Impounding Act, 1858, clanse 23, provides that if the money is not paid a ponndkeeper has the power to take a bond for the fees, bnt he oannot otherwise give credit for them. " Woodcutter." — A woodcutter holding a licence to cut, and also a licence for Ids dray, would be able to depasture the animals actually used in moving the materials, bnt would not be able to cut down sheaoaks for the cattle. There is no regulation as to how near another wood cutter can come. '' A., Telowie."—The Government Astronomer will be happy to publish the Telowie rainfall if supplied regularly in the monthly return forms,. which will be supplied to you if you communi cate with him. "Enquire," &c.;—Your question is rather obscnre. "Minnie."—Mary Buchan was murdered on July 11,1875. "Zebra."—The Observer can be sent to Eng land, via Southampton, without any postage fee, bnt via Brindisi the rate is 3d. "Subscriber, Mundoora."—16 acres 2 roods 15 perches. "Sub Bosa."—We have referred the matter to • the Postmaster-General, and will commnnicate - with you again on the subject in a few days. " W. H. S."—" Innuendo^lis the correct • pellingof the word. "B. J. (Jamestown)."—"Between you and me" is the correct expression. "G. W. H," asks for a receipt for taking salad oil ont of flannel, having tried galls and a - 1 ot iron and paper without any effect. Perhaps =■ some of oar readers could furnish the required ;nformation. " A. P."—1. The license fee paid by wholesale wine and spirit merchants is £5. 2. The lowest quantity they are allowed to sell is not less than: one gallon. 3. It must be of one kind only. 4. It most be all delivered at one time. 5. The hours for carrying on business are not limited. 6\. The place and persons most be approved by the Licensing Bench. Adeuide Water Supply.—In reply to a cor respondent " B. H.," whojwanted to know what arrangements had been made to provide an adequate supply of water for the requirements of the city during the coming summer, we have been kindly supplied with the following infor mation on the subject by Mr. Oswald Brawn,, the Hydraulic Engineer:—"The maximum quantity of water stored in the reservoirs last year was — Hope Valley, 20^500,000 gallons; Thorndon Park, 140/100,000 do.; totaL 344,500,000 do. After the prolonged drought there still remained in store 60,000/100 gallons. Had not precautions been taken to «<»nnnmiw» the supply the stock weuld not have held out so long. The greatest depth of water in the Hope Valley Reservoir last year was 29 ft. 4| in. The depth of water in the Hope Valley Reservoir air present is about 32 feet, and water is still being taken in. If all goes well it b intended to store 40 feet in depth, which will gives volume of 400,000,000 gallons in the Hope Valley, which,, added to the 140,000,000 stored in Thorndon Park, will suffice for all purposes." Dangerous Practice.—The Kapunda Herald, says:—" The' packers and other men working on the line transport themselves by means of the low trucks which we think ate designated lorries. "Where the line is level there can be I no objection to this, but where (there are stiff gradients great care is needed to prevent acci dents, more especially where the line crosses the toads in populous districts. On Wednesday evening what might easily have proved a fatal accident occurred at the High-street 'crossing through the want of care on the part of the 'men on one of these vehicles, which having-come down the long grade had attained a great speed. Mr. Thomas, the milkman, was driving down High-street, and not hearing any whistle^ and owing to the bend in the fine not seeing any thing coming, proceeded tooross the line, when dash came the lorry round the coiner at a furious pace, struck the box of the wheel with audi force as to slew the cart right round, the violence of the collision also throwing one of the men off the lorry. There ought to be imo lation enforced prohibiting the loiries passing through the town at anything quicker than' one or two miles an hontV- for. aft .several of; the" crossings the tine is hidden by the bends, and .there is no warning to paasaa by. Ohfldren go over these i losiingn to and bom school, and might wfy be knocked down and kiiied." 