WE do not think Ministers have any cause to feel tbe least uneasiness abont Mr SERVICE'S address last Thursday -evening at Maldon. True, a great deal was expected from him on the occasion; and it is equally true that, in this respect, his friends have not been disappointed. Mr SEBTICE bad plenty to say, for hia speech extended over three mortal hours ; and not a political topic, of any interest to the general public, exists, that he had not touched npon, more or less, by the time his address came to a conclusion. His speech, in fact, was one of the longest of the kind on record; and if much speaking constitutes a success on the political platform, then indeed may Mr SERVICE boast of having been last Thnraday evening thecentxe of a really brilliant achievement. But matter is of more conseqaence in a political speech than quantity, especially in view of the period of political turmoil we have before us. In respect to matter, however, Mr SEBVICE'S speech was weak. There was nothing either sound or forcible in his .remarks.. Consequently, we do not thinlr that Ministers need feel the least nneasy about this deliverance, or dread the effect it is likely to have apon the minds of the people. For what was thisspeech,boiled down, into something like a digestible shape? Theansweris, simply a rehash of what bas been published time after time in the Opposition papers, and just aB often been refuted by this and other Ministerial journals. The embassy was a complete failure; the despatch from Sir MICHAEL HICEE-BEACH bad been manipulated, in the official cablegram, to serve party ends; the Government would not touch the plebisdtum again; the loan had been so badly handled that it would involve the country in great loss; the Ministry was more active than thoughtful, and the Ministry were mean in their system of administration. Here iB the sum and substance of Mr SERVICE'S speech; and the same things have been said a good many times before, and yet the Ministry are still popular with the masses. Why? B6canse it iB well known to the public that all the above statements are either jumps at, or distortions of, facts; although it is quite possible that Mr SEBYICE is unaware that, by such charges as be made against the Ministry last Thursday evening, he exposes himself to this imputation. He, no doubt, believes be is right; although, if ever a pnblic man " ti&rked; up the wrong tree" all round, Mr SEBVICE has fallen into such a mistake in this instance. Now, it is not our intention to plunge into an analysis of Mr SEBVICE'S speech, partly because nothing of tbe kind it necessary, as he has been answered by anticipation, and partly because to criticise his remarks would compel us to repeat what we have said a score of times before—and we have no great stomach for fiequent repetitions. Nor is it our intention to say anything about Mr SEBVICE'S plan of constitutional reform, because, for die "reasons we gave the other morning, we strongly believe in this question remaining-in abeyance until Mr BEBBY has returned from London. "But there is one feature in this speech, which cannot be passed' over unnoticed; and which we certainly did not expect to find in anything said by Mr SERVICE. Mr SEBVICE charges the Ministry with throwing away £3000 upon the embassy to London, seeing that all that was expected to be realised by that trip could have been just as well accomplished here, or without it. But Mr SEBVICE ought to have been above making such a state-, noent as this, because not an atom of fact can be urged to support it. Did not Mr BEBBY say that be was prepared to adopt any scheme of constitutional reform that would do away with deadlocks and vest finality in the people, no matter from which "side of the Bouse it came, "before the embassy vote was asked for? Did be not also say that he would accept Mr BEID'S proposals, subject to certain modifications, if the Coundl would undertake to-assist him incarryingihem into law? Did not Mr BEBBY, in fact, offer to come to any reasonable terms, with the Conservative party and the Upper House, to pot this reform question -on a sound and enduring bads, alwayB providing that his antagonists were sincere in theirjpffers, before he spoke in the Assembly .of going to Xondon? Did not Mr BEBBY, even-after the vote for tbe embassy was passed by tlie Lower House, offer to call a special session of Parliament during the -recess to deal witbtins adject, if the -Conndl end -its- frieods only made a fair .sign In favor of adjustment, before he left for the Colonial There can only "be" affirmative answers £i van -to tbese ques&ons;, becau«s •Bthe-mattersthey^xmtslnareonreoor^, and, therafore, cannbt 'be disputed. Could anythingtbenlemorB unfair toMr'JIEBBY and bis colleagues thaBfor Mr SEKVIOEto repast, cuckoo-like, the oft-repeated miirein andont of the prm, that thaembissy Was a complete: waste, because. all that the "Government wanted could have been ob- tained here, if they only went the right way to wctk to get what they required? This most certainly be the verdict returned, because Mr BEBBY exhausted every possible expedient to get what the people want, before be left Victoria to confer with the Secretary of State on the subject. It is a piece of downright meanness, therefore, to talk about Mr BEBBY in the way which tbe Conservatives adopt Mr BEBBY did not leave Victoria until he fonmi that he coold do nothing here; that all his overtures and hints were treated with contempt, and that be was powerless to make a farther move at home. These are well authenticated facts; and, therefore, for Mr SERVICE, or Mr anybody else, to say that the embassy has been a sheer waste, a needless effort, or anything else of the like kind, is to do Mr BEBBY and his colleagues a great injustice. In short, we are surprised, that Mr SEBVICE should have fallen into the groove he has done in this matter, because anything more unfair to Mr BEBBY and his colleagues, or contrary to fact, could not be uttered or committed. This is really the only item in Mr SEBVICE'S speech at Maldon on Thursday evening which iB worth notice; aad even this is not new. As for the rest of his remarks, they have already been answered, as we have said, by anticipation,and, therefore, it is unnecessary to say anything more on the subject. THE end of a quarrel is always a matter for general gratnlation. Even when there need to be sacrifices made on both sidee in order to secure peace, tbe end more Jthan justifies aa& the means. Peace is that blessing whose value can never be over estimated. . It is, therefore, with entire satisfaction that.one reads the telegram from Europe announcing that, the Bussian troops have completely evacuated Boumelia, and that the new principality of Bulgaria has been established. , For these two events entirely remove all further cause of quarrel between tbe nations of Europe in respect to tbe Eastern question. They complete the carrying into effect of the stipulations of the treaty of Berlin, and establish the good faith of Russia in reference to the same treaty. Up till now there was always ground for doubting whether the Czar really meant to observe the conditions laid upon him by tbe Conference; and; indeed, there waa § great deal of finessing over the matter, much hesitating and remonstrance, and explanation, and protocolling. So that it was never quite certain that the war, temporarily quieted, would not break forth again, and on a larger scale than ever. The Western Powers, and particularly England,'were watching Russia with vigilant suspicious eyes. Tbe British fleet was kept hovering in the neighborhood of Constantinople, in case anything unforeseen should happen; and tbe army was maintained on a war footing. In a word, England doubted the goodfaith of Bussia, and was ready at any moment to declare war against her, in case there should be, on her part, any open and declared refusal to observe and cany oqt the terms of the Berlin treaty. This is the simple explanation of the uncertain state of affairs in Europe during the past few months. All the discussion in Parliament and the press has been moulded by it, and the fate of the BEACONS - FIELD Ministry has been kept in suspense through it. The popular sentiment came to be expressed in tbe single phrase " Jingoism," taken from a popular Bong that had an immense ran in the music, halls, and which most pluckily expressed the readiness and the ability of the English people to go to war with Bussia, at a moment's notice, provided the least provocation should be given. At tbe same time, England was quite willing to remain on peaceful terms with tbe Czar, if only be would keep good faith and observe the stipulations of the treaty. This, in fact, was the policy of the Government, and the sequel has fully vindicated its soundness. But there was a second party, which rather favored Bussia and her designs, and ridiculed the idea of going to war with that power under any circumstances. This party it was that coined the nickname " Jingoe" for tbe supporters of the Ministry. Perhaps there never was a party name which, arising out of a very special state of national affairs, carried so much political meaning in it. Tbe Government party gloried in the name; the Opposition party used it as if it were expressive of everything that is vain and boastful and fooliBh. But there is no denying that " Jingoism " has carried the day. Lord BEACONEFIELD is still master of the situation. He has the confidence of both Houses of Parliament; bis policy has been again and again ratified by -the constituencies ; and his opponents are still in 8 disorganised condition. What concerns us more in Australia is "tbe fact, that the long agony in Eastern Europe has come to an end without England being involved in tbe trouble. "Peace with honor" was what the Prime Minister declared, with most allowable pride, he had brought with him from the Conference at "Berlin." lie boast is amply justified. Europe is at peace. England haB not spent a single shilling, or shed a-single drop of blood, in active war over the Turkish question. Bussia has been compelled to accept, and to fulfil, the terms on which alone a durable peaces could be established. Tbe Turkish provinces are. relieved from the presence of their invaders. Boumelia is free, and Bulgaria is an independent principality; with a constitution and a sovereign all its own. To crown all,": the Christian populations inhabitgig.the territory lying south of the Danube are released, we trust for ever, from the oppression of the Turk; and their emancipation has been accomplished without the 'risk' of their falling under the power of Bussia. This is the full reading of the brief message from Europe which we received a few days «go. It distinctly marks (be end of an era in European history, and, we may add, in British journalism also. For nearly two years the Eastern question ias absorbed almost the entire attention of statesmen and publicists in liie, old world. Home affairs were set aside for tie time." The: monthly files of English journals, as they arrived -in succession, ware^oand to be filled with. little else thanintermtriable discussions on the ever-changing "aspects of the OD8 perpetual .thszno. A countless I «warnrof bookBand pamphlet£, a21 harping on tbe same -string, issued almost duly from thB press. The monthly magazines and quarterly reviews followed on the same side. There was really an oppressive amount of' wntufg"9D3 epeaMDg>QBpectiDg England and the Western Powers in tteir bearings on tbe strife between Bosnia and Turkey. . At length this interminable debate has come to an end. Not for some yearn to connect all events—possibly not within tbe remaintng years of tte ptfesent cen- 4ory — will, the same theme come op for dtscossiop-aMn: Stasia to qaieted, v - ^sources eoB^qmte exhausted^ "Her "strength Is spent Her domes&c; troubles are last: aod ertpnt., : Sbe 1i inn* tnritiap-Hibs will - notbein Yponiion fac theoBxt ten years at any rate—to recommebce tvar oo a grMfdabtfe.^^^ The'liBweaiBntftf.'EMptfa. We are not on the eve <* the zeal mfl-l lenninm just jet, it is true; but the ce&sa;~ tion of M grim-Fisaged" war In i-nrope is always a pleasure event to note. There is cause for universal thankfulness at this fortunate torn of affairs; and It only remains to express a fervent hope that tbe emancipated Christian populations by the broad-flowing Danube may enter at once on a new career of uninterrupted national prosperity and advancement _ We learn by telegram that at a meeting of tbe directors of tbe Provincial and Soburban Bank held .yesterday, it wai decided to pay off tbe liabflitiea and start again on a firmer basts. The directors stated that tbe securities bad been realised, and bad tinned out~welL Tbe following were the sentences passed yesterday by the Chief Justice upon the prisoners convicted on Thursday:—John Martin, burglary, two years' bard labor; James Picknp, atteriop, two years' bard labor; Ah Kern, common asaanlt, two months* hard labor; Thomas Ryan, larceny, two months' hard labor; Ah Quong, perjury, two years' bard labor; Daniel Smith, bestiality, three years' hard labor, and a flogging of twelre lashes in the first, third, and sixth month of bis imprisonment. Two ofQ cases were then dealt with; and at fonr o'clock in tbe afternoon the Court of Assize adjourned sine die. We remind our readers that the supplementary list of voters for 1879 will be made op on the 1st of Jane, and as there is a possibility of a dissolution of Parliament within a short time, we would urge npon everyone tbe desirability of seeing that his name is apon the electoral roll. The dectoral registrars are now issuing electors' rights, and will continue to do bo till Saturday next, the 31st instant. At the City Police Court yesterday, William Richards, the driver of the Haddon coach, was charged by the police with furiously driving a stage coach, oo the 6th instant, whereby Alice Nicholson was injured, Mr Gaunt appeared for the defence, and drew attention to the previous prosecutions by the police in connection with the affair. Mr Gaunt thought tinder the circumstances it was not tbe doty of tbe police to further proceedings. The-bench, however, decided to go on with tbe case. Hie particulars of the accident were then detailed as we have already reported them. Two witnesses swore the defendant was only trotting his horses at the time of the accident, and ascribed the mishap to defendant turning sharply. The evidence was somewhat conflicting, and the bench dismissed tbe case. He question of the new engine-sheds again came up at the Town Council last night. Cr Robertson, in .imitation of the City Coundl, proposed that the Town Coundl should request of the Minister of Railways tbe date of his Tint of inspection to Ballarat. Cr Scott, however, bad such unlimited faith in the Minister of Railways that he did not think it requisite to bother him in the matter. Cr Robertson, with a view to " having a "finger in the pis" wben be did come, pressed his motion, which was accordingly carried. We were yesterday shown the designs for tbe City Tree Library, prepared by Mr &. B. Casdli, at tbe desire of the library committee. The plans prepared are those of a very handsome edifice of two stories, and surmounted by a tower. The library-will be built, of course, at the corner'of Stmt aod Camp streets, where a piece of land has been granted for tbe purpose; but tbe peculiar angle at the junction of the streets, and tbe other buildings to be considered, have made the task of designing very difficult; but Mr Caselli and his able assistant Mr C. D. Figgis, have successfully coped with the difficulty. The facades to Start end Camp streets are very handsome, and the junction of the streets will be the main entrance, immediately over which tbe tower (which is to be 150 feet high), will be erected. The rooms will be of a good size, and sufficient in number to allow, in addition to tbe library and other necessary rooms, of one bong set apart for an art gallery, and another for smoking in. Of course, the erection of the very elegant pile designed by the architect cannot at once be proceeded with, but at an early date it is intended to build such rooms as will not, in their construction, interfere with tbe premises now standing being used temporarily as a library, as heretofore. Should the library be built according to the designs of the architect, it will be a prominent feature of tbe already large array of handsome public buildings in the town. The coat of tbe building has not yet been estimated, and that important factor in considering its erection has, therefore, not been dealt with. Mr Caselli intends shortly to have the design photographed, wben it will be available for public inspection and criticism. At the meeting of tbe Town Coundl last night, an application from tbe local committee of the Sydney Exhibition for a donation was, after some little discussion, " received." Councillor Phillips, stating that the Exhibition committee was doing work that would otherwise have devolved on the council, proposed that the application should be referred to tbe finance committee. Councillor Robertson, however, said that there was £25 of the council's money lying somewhere in the name of the Ballarat Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, and that be would oppose a single penny being donated to tbe committee. He thought that the committee might get what it wanted from the Ballarat JuvenBu Exhibition fund. Councillor Phillips desired that tbe council would at least show the same compliment to the application before it as it had done to all other applications of that nature —viz., refer it to tbe financecommittee. Councillor Phillips' motion to that effect was however lost; Councillors Turpis, Josephs, Williams, Robertson, and Scott Toting against it. As some misconception appears to exist with respect to tbe City Council bye-laws relative to the sale of cattleand horses, it is as well to state that any person may sell a horse or other animal on bis own premises, or tbe transaction may be completed in bis private'dwelling, but it is necessary to handover the sale fee levied by the byelaw to either Mr C&dden; or Mr Westwood, the collectors of such dues for. tbe coundl, otherwise the vendor is liable to a penalty not exceeding £5. It would be an easy matter for the coundl to have copies of tbe bye-law printed and exhibited in all the sale- yards, which would avoid a great deal of inconvenience, and afford information to many persons who have no idea of the existence of such a local enactment. Reciprodty U a principle acknowledged apparently by Messrs Arthur, Morrow, and Brind, warehousemen, of Melbourne, for we learn that, in consideration of tbe large trade they transact in the Ballarat district, they have determined to patronise our local industries to some extent. In addition te uthe manufacture of a first-classtraveller's drag entrusted to Mr M'Cartney, tbe firm have also instructed Messrs Purdue and Ditchburn, of Lydiard etreetplp prepare a suitable outfit of silver-plated harness, of tbe best description; and accompanying tbe order, the Mdbourne firm of warehousemen state that they prefer treating with Ballarat triuIeBmen, in the belief that the work they require can be done quite as satisfactory and reasonable as in any portion of the colonies, This is certainly complimentary to our local manufacturers. v The Monk enquiry is still proceeding, but nething fresh has come to tight during tbe last two days. Tbe evidence, in fact, taken -on Thursday and Friday is amply a repetition of what has already appeared, and therefore it is unnecessazy to insert itiothese colomas. The large ball at tbe Public Library, the foundation-stone of which was laid with great ceremony by the Chief Secretary some time ago, is now approaching completion, and it will be finishedin about three weeks. At present the appearance of the full gives promise , of a very handsome room bong added to the present accommodation. The walls are 23 feet high, and have set in them four fireplaces, but no windows* Tbe slate roof is supportedon massive wooden beams which areprerented : from having a "very heavy appearanceby the neat manner in which they are trimmed, and by their bang cut in the middle and supported by iron rods. Tbe celling is of Oregon pine, trimmed with California!! pine,-both of Which are prettily stained. Daylight is.-admitted into the room by a novel jursiigeownt of > windows, -formiog an enormous skylight ; and by means of this last ample ventila* tion for the room (which is over 40 feet in height) is obtained. Tbe woodwork is punted in colors, which gives' tbe room.' i light ftppe&nnce; and, nenenllj, tbe new hall baa been uade to look exceedingly attractive. A winding ataircase leading' to tbe precent reading-room-haa been well constructed, tbe flooriag. being capitally , laid, and. tbe balustrade, which corres very much, baa been beautifully tinned, Tbe landing,.rwbicb-.ia"conatrncted of conciete, and £aa no visible meant of support," is beingprettily tesselateil, and will form a very good entrance to tbe npperfloor. Ibe committee of the library desire to make ^heopeniog u public K1 possible, and is trying to get the Technological Exhibition, aaGiiallj held in Melbourne, held thia year-at Ballarat. Thpre is ample room in the Library for each an exhibition," and the committee Tery .properly thinks that advantages would accrue to all parties concenwdif*he%ddHtio!ir»era held ihthepriccipal jtp-eoaatiy towns in torn, as .well as in Melbourne. 31ie2iaUsrQI -be ready in shoot throe weeks/ and it is intended if-posUUe, -the jwrMMtton -mentioned,' and a proconcert,' by which arrangeinait ''the admtages'of the new-wing to tba X&aatywfll; be illy seen. " ' ' {„'-•.:. • The road-cleaner* hare deposited some heaps of scrapings lately in * small street naming along the ^ «ratb «lde of tin rsllway - „ TeserTe between dgnalmaabadtogo totha spot wd Strict ik When got out, the child presented a filthy appearance, and its mother is awaiting the arrival of the iyit road-cleaner with £pme impatience. At Clones, on Tlrarsda-y last^'there died, at the age of 1 eighty-one yean, Mr 'Joseph Bobs on—a gentleman whose history cannol fail to be interesting. Mr Bobson left bis native town of Bebron, in Durham, as early as 1826, and proceeded to the Brazils, where he was engaged la mining for twenty-seven years. In 1853, reports drew him, with his family, to the Victorian goldflelda; after experiencing seme of the vicissitudes of which, Is presented a letter that be bore from the chairman of tbe St. John del Bey Company to Mr R. H. Bland, thai is Melbourne, and (as now) the manager of the Port Phillip Company. Mr Bobson was st once engaged, and—with the Iats Mr Bobert Allen, who died only a year or' two ago in tbe service of the company—4ie' designed aad erected the first stamping battery in the colony, which, was removed to Clones and worked success* fully for many years. The deceased remained izr tbe employ of the Port Phillip Company up to within a few years ago, when his health failed him, and he retired from the active exercise of his calling, and has since lived in ease and comfort up to tbe time of his desth. He was a trnstre of the Wesleyan Church, and highly esteemed by that body—and, indeed, by all who were acquainted with him—for his many excellent qualities. Messrs Brophy and James, mj.,/}^ waited up&n; the Acting Chief Secretary on Thursday afternoon; to request that the Government grant in aid of the Pnblic Library might be increased. Sir Bryan OXoghlen informed them that tbe funds for that graet had been allotted .for this year, but that in passing the next year's estimates their application would favorably considered. On Wednesday last a fanner's wife drove a laden waggon against one side of tbe Hacarthnr street railway gate and broke it. The police were communicated with regarding tbe affair, but finally compensation was promised, and tbe gate-smasher was allowed to proceed. The usual meeting of tbe City Free Library committee was beld on Thursday night; Mr £. H. !L. Swifte, president, in the chair. Correspondence from Water -Commission, Public Works Department, Lands office, and Chief Secretary's department, was read and received. The librarian reported attendance of viators to tbe library and newsroom during tbe past fortnight as excellent. Also that the books which were purchased in Melbourne bad been received in good condition; they had been collated aod placed upon the shelves, Mr A. H. King had presented 17 tqLs^ Mr D. Cook 2 toIs^ and Mr James Curtis 1 voL—20 vols, in all to tbe library. The hon. architect reported that tbe plans and design of the new building were in a forward state, and would be submitted to the committee at next meeting. In reference to the letter from the Water Commission, stating that a meter would have to be provided, the secretary was instructed to write to tbe Water Commission, to ask them not to put tbe committee to the expense of a meter at the present time as tbe consumption is so small, being only about one gallon per week. A subcommittee was appointed to bring up report on books suitable for tbe library to a special meeting, as.it is intended to 'purchase immediately. Tbe meeting then closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. A presentation of a silver inkstand and pencilcase was made en Tuesday evening last, at the rooms of Mr D. Bobertson, Skipton street, to Mr George Williams, by the employes of the Ballarat Woollen ."Company, on that gentleman severing bis connection with the company and leaving Ballarat. There were some fiftyem ploy 6s present, Mr Bobertson being in the chair. Mr R. Ports, in making the presentation, alluded to the length of time— six years—Mr Williams bad served the company in the position of assistant manufacturing manager, and testified to the respect he bad won from his fellow employes by his at all times courteous and gentlemanly conduct in connection with the duties of his office, and trusted that in his new sphere lie would make as many staunch friends as he was now leaving. Mr Williams feelingly and suitably responded, some further speeches were made, aad tbe evening was passed, by those present, in a very enjoyable and pleasing manner. Tbe stand, wbich bore a suitable inscription, was of a very chaste and elegant design—such as to reflect credit upon where it was produced, the establishment of Mr Flegeltaub. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Ballarat Young Men's Christian Association was held in the Mission Hall on Thursday evening last; President Stoneman in tbe chair. There was a good attendance of members. The subject of the evening was "Bepentasce," which the president opened very ably, and a discussion arose on " whether man, without the aid of the Holy Spirit, could repent." Tbie subject was discussed by Messrs Lawther, Humphreys, Laird, Johnston, and the secretary. It was with regret that tbe president bad to announce tbe death of their late vice-president, Mr John Cocking; but his time had come, and the Almighty had taken him to be at rest. It was resolved that a letter of condolence be sent to tbe bereaved' parents. Tbe subject for the next meeting is a Bible lesson on the " Temptation of Christ," The blind handicap sailing match will come off this afternoon at Lake Wendouree, tbe start to be made at thsee o'clock- Tbe handicaps' have been made, and will be handed to the judge, to be opened at tbe conclusion of tbe race. Tbe boats entered for : tbe event are the Maid of Kent, Achievement, Vagabond, Victoria, Coquette, Mbin, Kathleen, asd Daphne. The cases set down for hearing in the Warden's Court yesterday were adjourned until to-day, owing -to the' whole of the day being taken up in bearing police court business. Mr H. B. Caselli has become the purchaser of Mr Knud Bull's excellent punting, " A Summer Evening on Lake Wendouree," now on view at Sutton's music warehouse—tbe price pp-ifl being 100 guineas—and intends to lend it to tbe local International Exhibition committee to be exhibited at Sydney and Melbourne. The Hibernian Society, No. 2 Branch, held their fortnightly meeting in the hall, Dawson street, on Thursday evening, 15 ii instant; the president (Br Wm.Kinane)in the chair. The reverend chaplain, Father Cleary, and the whole of the'officers were present, as well as a good attendance of members. Funeral allowance, £10, and sick pay, £3 18s 6d, was ordered for payment. Correspondence included a letter from Widow Shreenan, thanking tbe branch and tbe benevolent fund committee for their very grateful munificence and recognition. Mr P. Kiely was proposed for membership, and will be' balloted for at next meeting. Several of the brethren spoke in flatteringterms of the attention bestowed by the doctor and chemist when called upon. Tbe remainder of the busioess was of a routine kind, and the meeting was closed in regular form. Receipts, £15 4s. D'Arcy Bead's Ghosts are astonishing the people of Clones. The borough council, however, have refused to allow the spectres to appear in illustration of a religious subject in the town hall on Sunday evening In this they are ahead of tbe Sandhurst magnates, who did not object to a similar representation in that town both on Good Friday and Easter Sunday. A large " panorama map of Palestine,* on sale at the Bible and Book depot, has attracted a good deal of notice during the last few days, and is wkl worth tbe inspection of Bible students and Sunday school teachers. Tbe picture measures 5 feet 6 inches by 3 feet, and on it are shown tbe cities and towns and mountains and valleys of tbe Holy Luid in such delightful clearness, and with such Accuracy, as to make the whole map a most interesting and valuable belp 1o all who tale any pleasure in the aacred association's of those " holy fields^' Accompanying the map is a bey giving the names of between eighty and ninety of tbe most cberisbed spots of Old and New Testament history. The map is handsomely mounted on rollers, and should certainly be found,before very long, in the Bible class-rooms of all our Sonday schools. Tbe Gippsland .Times—en Opposition paper pays this journal the following compliment :— The Ballarat Conner is the leading provincial liberal journal. The energy and abiiiiv with which it has maintained the Liberal policy have won for it the gratitude and confidence of its party, and it is not too much to sav th*t its dexterity bas commanded the admiration of opponents." At the. request of a number of his friends ar.d ratepayers, Mr Thomas Younehusband, of Brownsvale, has coofe-ited to stand for the vacancy in | tbe Grenvilleahire Coundl, caused by the abs&v;* 1 ef Mr G. Pender, and will be nominated in due course. Mr Toungbusband's address appears io our advertising columns. By the passenger trains on the 23rd and 24th i instant, return tickets at Satpfday excursion fares will be issued to and from all stations, tbe suburban lines excepted ; aod tbese tickets will be available for return up tbe night of tbe 28tb. • Further paroculars wBl be found in outadvertising cohmms. Tbe BUhopof Ballarat is announced to preach at St. Paul s Church, Clunes, ttwnorrow. In tbe afternoon, tbe right reverend gentleman will address the Sunday schooL A notice, directed to ratepayers in Gallant East who are In anear with their rates, will be found in outadvertising columns this "W"*nipg. Sir Laurance, optician, does not mend spectadee. as stated by us yesterday. He only sells newouea! and can be aeen at 1 Leater*a bote! by any person requiring an artide of tint description. . Bervtees in connection with the Wesleyan bona missions wfll be held in the Barkly street ohurch to-morrow, when the Bev. A. Powdl wflinreatii into morning, and the Bev. J. Watefortin the 1 wSiSL*^1"; eervlseswiU take place in tbe NdUtbet churdi, the Eer. J. Watstad preaoV- ing iu the moraiflft and tbe Bev. W. A. Quick In the^erening. Meeftngs in connection with tbe aame subject will be held as follows:—Brown BUI church, Monday evening at seven; Ndl street eburcfa, Tuesday evening, bslf-past seven; Barkly street church, Wednesday, half-past seven. A special moping of tbe committee of tbe Ballarat Agricultural and pastoral Society will be befd this morning at Craig's hotel, to arrange the programme for the ensuing annual sheep show. Nominations for tbe seat in tbe Bungareeshire Coundl, rendered vacant by tbe retirement of Councillor Cope, closed yestefday, but tbe only candidate was Mr Thorn** Maber Mr John A M^Taggart announces ia our adverting'columns tinsmorniDg that be Is a candidate for the vacancy io tbe Grenvilleslfee Council, caused by tbe disqualification of Mr (J. Pender. The Minister of Lands (says the Agt) deeded that tbe licenses for tbe land which bas Leen recently pegged o*t at Meunt Macedon ier selection shaO be issued adder tbe same condhmoa as those which were issued at Mount Macedos axxfer section 49, which provides tbat ten trees sbaH be planted on every acre of land leased. By tfcis means tbe timber resources of tbe colony wiir be strengthened, and the climatic influences that forests have en the countxy in respsct to the* yearly rainfall wfll be preserved. Mr Locgmorer has further decided to reserve 500 acres at Mount Tourongie, with a tow of ascertaining what effect it wiH bave on tbe rainfall of tbat neighborhood. The tender of B. Wrigtey, iron merchant, of Ballarat,. was accepted (says tbe Crcstciek Advertiser) by the directors of tbe Bistori Company, at their recent meeting, for the supply of ironmongery to tbat claim for tbe wiping twelve months. Little progress (says the Age) waa made on Thursday in arranging tbe affairs of tbe Provincial and Suburban Bank. In consequence cf some difficulties having arisen, tbe committee bave caacelled the appointment of Messrs Elder and Valentine, "who- bad been selected to examine into the affairs of tbe bank. The directors, accompanied by Messrs J. Dwyer aod F. C. Mason, ' M.Tf.Ar, during tbe day waited upon the MinUtyf of Bail ways to ascertain what amount waa due by the department to tbe contractors — Messrs Wright and Higgins — lot the Gippsland "line. The contractors for tbe construction of this line are amongst the laigest debtors to tbe bank, and the directors desired to learn exactly what proportion of this debt would be covered by tbe balance due to Messrs Wrighfand ffiggint, Mr Woods paid be was unable to supply the information required, as tbe account had not yet been dosed. A very sensible reply (says tbe Geelong Advertiser) was made by a lad named Bidiard Hussey, who was a witness in a perjury case at tbe police court on Thursday, to a question on theology, put to him by the mayor. He was if he knew where he would go to if he told falsehoods after pressing his lips on the cover of the court bible, ms answer waa prompt and to tbe point, for he said—"I will be' sent to prison if I tell a lie." Aithnngh the answer was not what was expected by tbe theologians in court, tbe b«icb considered tbat tbe boy was perfectly correct in his surmise, and agreed to take his evidence. -Tbe following extract from a letter received by the Minister of Lands may be taken (says thB Age) as a sample of many such received almost daily. It is dated from Tarrawonga, in the North-eastern district:—" The selectors are all striving to overcome the losses they sustained by the rust last season, and are pushing in the crops In hopes of better luck next time. Busted wheat has heen offered at our local fiourmills at Is per bushel, and refused at that price. Fresh butter is selling for one-fiftb of Mdbourne prices here at present, and all other produce at ruinous low rates. I hope the Government will provide railway carriage from Tarrawonga to Melbourne at an early date, or otherwise the farmers will have to seek the protection of the Insolvency Court, as they cannot possibly exist under present conditions." We find the following announcement in ' the Soitth Avstralian Advertiser of Tuesday last "Weare informed that a gentleman who came from South Africa in the Cuzco last week, just before leaving the Cape received telegraphic intelligence, which, however, did not arrive in time to get into tbe Cape papers to band by that vesseL He reports tbe alarming news tbat Lobengulu, tbe powerful Madebele chieftain, living far to the northward, has joined the Zulus, and that hard fighting was going on in Bosutoland between tbe British and the Basutos. Lobengulu, it is said, can put about 25,000 fighting men into tbe field, and the Basutos about 20,000. Tbe Madebeles are quite as valiant warriors as tbe Zulus, and tbe Basutos are not -by any means to be despised. This serious news, supposing it to be accurate, would then account for tbe home telegram in oar issue of Saturday, which was to tbe effect that Lord Chelmsford bad asked for more reinforcements. The statement with reference to Lobengulu is not confirmed by any telegram we have yet received; but tbe sudden demand for reinforcements, notwithstanding the defeats the Zulus had sustained, aad the fact that several chieftains had tendered their submission, indicates even greater troubles than we have yet been informed of through the cable." The Minister of Bailways (says the Age) bas hsd under his consideration the matter of running special trains to cany volunteers from np-country districts, in order that they might tako part in the review which is to be held on the Queen's Birthday in Mdbourne, and haa dedded to start Iwo trains, one from Ballarat and -the other from Sandhurst; but only 140 volunteers are to be taken up at each of these stations. In consequence of the exceptionally large demand that will be made upon the rolling-stock of the department through the holding of a united fire brigades'demonstration at Beechworth on the 23rd and 24tb instant, it is found impossible to provide more accommodation for volunteers, and many from other country districts will therefore this year be unable to take part in tbe forthcoming review. Had it been dedded to hdd the firebrigade demonstration in any place but Beechworth, a larger amount of rolling stock would have been available; but, under existing arrangements, it will be necessary to keep at Beechworth for two days all tbe carriages required for tbe conveyance of 840 firemen to and from the metropolis. Ai l40 milf* of new lines of railway have been opened recently, and an addition of only three American carriages made to the rolling stock, it can be well understood tbat tbe resources of the department for passenger traffic purposes will be very limited during holiday times. Four large hour-striking bells for the public clocks at Castlemaine, Echuca, Daylesford, and Maryborough have been successfully cast at the Albion Foundry, Castlemaine. These are the largest bells- made in -the. colony, each weighing abont 830 lb. The bells were inspected (says the Geelong Advertiser) .on Thursday on behalf of the Government,. by Mr Ellery and by Mr C. W. M'Lean, engineer. A document (says tbe Age) was read to tbe warders of tbe Peotridge Stockade, on Thursday, informing tbem tbat all further appointments to a higher position in the force would be made according to their ability. They would require to write and read well, and also, have a thorough knowledge of arithmetic. Mr Call, P.&L;, visiting justice, accompanied by another magistrate, visited tbe Stockade the same day, for the purpose of investigating a charge against the prisoner Neville, who waa -charged with threatening tbe life of Warder Sbeehan. This is tbe second attempt made by tbe prisoner to injure this warder; and although be is a very dangerous character, Mr Call took a lenient view of the case and dismissed him with a severe caution. Three prisoners, named Jones, Andrew, and Shanklin, were charged with a " wilL." Jones, who is under sentence for life, was 31, and he told tbe others that he had two allotments in Victoria. Ho made a will in their favor. The will was found hy one of tbe warders sc-cretcd in th*ir qnar:e». Jones was sentenced days 1 additional imprisonment, and Shanklin and Andrews to two days each. 