MISCELLANEOUS. In 1870 the total quantity of wool ex ported from South Australia was 26,218,284 lbs. ; in 1874 it had increased to 89,844,024 lbs.; and in 1878 to 67,982,463 lbs. The value of that exported in the latter year was £2,417,397. The number of steam flour mills in the colony at present is 113, having 376 pairs of stones, and a total horse-nower of 2.202. A very successful agricultural and horti cultural show was held at Kadina on Wednesday, October 29. The Stawell correspondent of the Argus has telegraphed : — ' What is regarded as a most important discovery was made in the Pleasant Creek Cross Reef Company's mine, at 1,120 ft. level. No. 1 shaft. The manager gives the following official report : — * About a fortnight since a drive was opened out east from this level, on a slab of etone which was supposed to be the top of a flat reef. After extending the drive about 12 ft. east of the vertical, shaft and the etone not showing any improvement, a drill-hole was put up in the roof of the drive. After drilling through 3 ft. of muUock stone was struck, which has been drilled into 18 in., without any signs of being through. A splendid prospect of gold was washed from the drillings. Nothing further of the dis covery will be known for about 10 days, as the drive will require to be extended about 12 ft. further north before the etone will reach the level. The discovery is a most im portant one, as there is scarcely a doubt that it will prove to be the main branch of the flat reef.'' A few days ago a little boy, son of Mr. Gully, contractor, Woorolong, met with rather a severe accident. The little fellow was playing with some other children when one of them gave him a push, knocking him over. He fell on his arm which was broken in the falL The sufferer was at once con veyed to the Hospital where the limb was set. He then returned home and is now progressing favorably. — Sauih-Eastern Star. A breach of promise case — Bellinger v. McDonald — has just been tried at Mount Gambier, in which damages were laid at £600. The jury awarded the plaintiff £350. The return match between the Redhill and Wallaroo Rifle Clubs came off on Saturday last. The former scored 562, and the latter 565, the Wallaroos therefore win ning by 3 points. The public debt per head of each of the Australasian colonies is given as follows :— New Zealand, £25 6'a 6'd per head ; Queens land, £42 8s lid ; South Australia, £21 8s 5Jd; Victoria,£197sljd; NewSouth Wales, £16 16s ll£d; Tasmania, £15 17s lOd; Western Australia, £6 lls 0£d. It will thus be seen that the three colonies that have most ' outrun the constable1' are New Zealand, Queensland, and South Australia. Some few Tears ago (says the New York Tribune) a Zulu hunter hearing a young British officer speak somewhat lightly of native prowess, offered to give him a speci men of it by killing single-handed a huge lion which infeste 1 the neighborhood. The challenge was accepted, and the brave fel low set out upon his dangerous errand, the officer and several of his comrades following at a distance. Having drawn the best from his laii, the hunter wounded with a well flung spear, and instantly fell flat on the ground beneath his huge shield of rbino ceroua hide, which covered hie whole body like the lid of a dish. The lion having vainly expended his fury upon it, at length drew back a few paces. Instantly the shield rose again, a second lance struck him, and his furious rush encountered only the impenetrable buckler. Foiled again, the lion crouched close beside his ambushed enemy, as if meditating a 6iege; but the wily savage raised the further end of the shield just enough to let him creep noise ^fessly away into the darkness, leaving his ^i^Duckler unmoved. Arrived at a safe dis tance, he levelled his third spear at the broad yellow flank of the royal beast with floch unerring aim as to lay him dead on the spot, and then returned composedly to re , ceive the apologises and congratulations of the wondering spectators. A number of gentlemen assembled at the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company's office, Queen street, to test samples of pre served meat prepared under a new process by Mr. George Taylor, one of the company's employes. Mr. Taylor claims that the ad vantages of his manner of preserving are that the meat is not over cooked, is free from gaseous taste, is prepared in joints, and retains its color intact. The samples ex hibited consisted of a leg of mutton, ox tongue and joint oEbeef, and differed very little from some samples shown by the com pany. Mr. Taylor's' preparations, however, are a little more palatable, and possess a clearer and more natural color. — Leader. It appears that for every 10 marriages there is one divorce suit in the State of Ohio, and the proportion of actual divorces is 1 in 17. In the year 1878 25,796 mamajres were contracted. There were already pending 3,349 divorce suits, while R 2,024 sew ones were instituted. The num ber of -marriages dissolved in the coarse of the year was 1,432. A charge of indecent assault was heard in &b; Police Court, Adelaide, on Tuesday .'last'againBt Mr. H. E. Downer, the Com missioner of Insolvency. J. Rogers, a late insolvent, laid the charge, and he alleged that the assault took place on one occasion when his wife visited the Commissioner's office'. After the hearing of the evidence for the prosecution the case was dismissed. A coal-mine near Wattenscheid, in Germany, is now lighted by electricity, at, it is said, a cost of about 2|d for each light per hour. Another coal-mine in the same district is repeating the experiment. Anew process in metallurgy has been invented, having for its object the smelting of metalliferous substances without the employment of carbonaceous fuel, and in which the necessary heat to produce de composition and fusion is obtained entirely by the combustion of the iron and sulphur contained in the materials acted upon. Very successful experiments have lately been made with this process at Messrs. Oftmmell & Go's Penistone Steelworks. The celebrated Russian general Marshal Suwarof was fond of practical jokes. He would go about his camp in disguise, and amuse himself with cracking jokes with the common soldiers. On one such occasion he met his match. One freezing night during the Bessarabian campaign of 1879, the old marshall, visiting the Russian outposts in cognito, after his wonted fashion, came suddenly upon a sentry posted on the crown of a steep ridge, and exposed to the full sweep of the biting January wind. The quick- eyed Russian at once recognised his commander, but, cleverly feigning uncon sciousness, continued to pace up and down. ' Hallo, brother,' cried Suwarof, assuming the tone and manner of a common soldier, ' you seem to be having a good look at the stars ; can you tell me how many there are of them?' To Ms no small dismay, the soldier coolly answered, ' Just hold on a minute, and I'll count ;' and forthwith he began, ' One, two, three, four,' and counted quite gravely up to a thousand. At this point, as the ready reckoner showed no signs of leaving off, die general, nearly frozen with standing so long in the cold, made a hasty retreat ; but next morning the patient sentinel found himself promoted to the rank of corporal, and was complimented by Suwarof in presence of the whole armv as 'the only man who had ever been too smart for him.' A fashion paper says clinging dresses are going slowly but surely out of fashion ; tied back dresses have entirely become things of the past. They have recently earned a bad name from the fact that investigation has proved that many of the women drowned at the wreck of the Princess Alice owed their utter inability to help themselves, or to sustain themselves when help was given them, to the fact of their being encumbered with the tight-clinging skirts which held them down. A strange affair has just happened at Linkinharne, Cornwall. William Seymour, a miner, was found dead in the Phoenix Mine. It was supposed he had died in a fit, and a verdict to that effect was returned at the corner's inquest. He was interred at the burial-ground of Darley Chapel. A neighbor of the deceased the next sight dreamed that a gentleman in a carriage and pair had driven up to the house of the mother of the deceased, and said her son was not dead, but had been buried alive. This dream being noised abroad, the next night seven or eight men went to the grave yard, dug up the coffin, and carried it to a chapel. They unscrewed the' coffin lid, and there was the body of their comrade, ap parently still living and breathing. So con vinced were they of this that they sat him up, and while some attempted to revive him by stimulants and friction, others ran off to the nearest surgeon, two miles distant. The surgeon, Mr. Newsam, soon arrived, and examined the body amid great excitement, and then stated that the man was dead, and had been dead some days. Mr. Newsam rebuked the men for their folly, and the body was then quickly reinterred ; but the matter has excited much commotion. The Prince of Wales' income is thus given: — The accounts of the Duchy of Cornwall for the year 1878 have been issued in a Parliamentary paper. The receipts for the year amounted to £93,885 17s 6|d. The payments made for the Prince of Wales' UBe amounted to £65,831 14b 8d, and the balances on the 31st December 187£ to £7,462 18s 10p. There are 69 places in Prance called St. Etienne. This curious fact was ascertained inconsequence of a libel committed by a Paris newspaper, which stated that the re ceiver of St. Etienne had embezzled £4,000. The tax receiver in every town of the name brought an action, and the paper has been ordered to pay 100 francs to each of them, besides a fine of 200 francs. Perhaps one of the most appropriate uses of an old fruit or meat can that can be de vised is to make it contribute to the growth of new fruit. This is done in the following manner: — The can is pierced with one or more pin-holes, and then sunk in the earth near the roots of strawberry or other plants. The pin- holes are to be of such size .that when the can is filled with water the fluid can escape into the ground only very slowly. Thus a quart can, properly arranged, will extend its irrigation to the plant through a period of several days. The can is then re filled. Practical trials of this method of irrigation leave no doubt of its success. Plants thus watered flourish and yield the most bounteous returns throughout the longest droughts. In all warm localities where water is scarce the planting of fruit cans, as here indicated, will be found pro fitable as a regular gardening operation. A correspondent of the Times relates the following anecdote of Keats, on the authority of Mr. Severn, formerly Consul at Rome. Mr. Serven and Keats were' fellow-lodgers at one time at No. 26, Piazza di Spagna. The correspondent thus tells the story : — ' Do you have your food from downstairs ?' Mr. Severn asked me. ' Keats and I used to have ours from there, and very bad it was. Day after day we had to send it down again, and very often the second dinner they sent up was woree than the first. One day Keats said to me, ' I have a plan to make that fellow give us a good dinner to-day, Severn ; I promise yon we will have a good dinner.' Well, presently up came the waiter with bis pile of dishes, and deposited them on the table. Keats took off the covers, inspected the meats with grave disgust, then, without a word, flung open the win dow aixd majestically' pitched the cod tents of every dish into the piazza below. The awe-struck waiter gathered up hu dishes, retired precipitately, and came back pre sently with the beat dinner we had yet eaten in Rome.' A man named Bowes accidentally stabbed another named Jamee iu Adelaide on Tues day last. The wound was inflicted in the stomach, and is supposed to be of a serious nature. A correspondent of the Massachusetts Ploughman gives .the following cure for colic in hones, which iscoavenient at all times and easily applied. He says he has never known it to fail : Spread a teacupful or more of fine salt - oh - the back of the animal over ihe kidneys and loins, and keep it saturated with warm water for 20 or 30 minutes, or longer if necessary. If the attack is severe, drench with salt water. I have a valuable bull, weighing nineteen or twenty hundred, which had a severe attack of colic a year ago last summer. I applied salt to his back as above, and it being difficult to drench, we nut a wooden bit into his mouth, keeping it open about two inches, and spread salt upon his tongue, which, together with the salt on his back, relieved him at once, and within a very short time equilibrium appeared fully re stored. I have for several years past suc cessfully applied this treatment to other animals in my herd. A lusus natures (says the Hamilton Sj-ec- tator) in the shape of a foal with a calf's head and feet, was born on a farm near Byadnk last week. With the exception of the head and feet, all other portions of the body resembled those of a horse. Its mother was a fine mare. During warm weather, horses should have water at frequent intervals. If allowed to get very thirsty, they -will, unless prevented, drink too much when they come to it. A good sized pailful of cold water is as much as a horse should take at a time. When a horse is put out at noon, it should be first watered, and then give another pailful just before going, to work. Little and often is the best rule. The Taralga correspondent of the Goul burn Herald writes as follows : — ** Mr. Daniel M'Kerrel, who lives near Tarlo, was attracted by the barking of his dogs, and on repairing to the spot he espied a snake. Having provided himself with a stick to dispatch the Teptile, before he had time to call away the dogs they rushed at the snake. A battle ensued, the dogs eventually killing and tearing the snake to pieces, but not be fore they were mortally wounded, for soon after one of the dogs died, and the other followed its example the same evening. The snake was a brown one, and the death of the dogs shows the poisonous nature of these detestable reptiles.' : It is reported that the St. Louis, Iron Mountain, and Southern Railway was re cently changed from a 5ft. gauge to the standard gauge of 4ft. 4J inches. To facilitate traffic this feat was accomplished in 10 hours by 3,000 men working simul taneously along the entire line of 700 miles, the wheels of the rolling-stock being al60 altered to correspond, or an average of 70 miles of railway per hour taken up and re laid, and no end of shop work besides. Talking of Australian Exhibition com missioners (writes the correspondent of a contemporary) there was a story about one of them which went the rounds of the Colonials in Paris during, our stay there. The Commissioner in question one day put on the Windsor uniform to meet the Prince of Wales, who bad promised to visit his court. The Prince was a little late, and as the Commissioner walked up and down in the panoply of state, he said to his secretary, ' How does this dress become me f Do I look, like a military officer ?' ' Not that quite,' answered the secretary. 'Do I look like an admiral then ?' proceeded the querist. u 1 should not take you for that either,' re sponded the other party to the conversation. u Then in heaven's name, what do I look like ?' persisted the Commissioner. Said the secretary, ' You look like a blooming pirate !' The savings bank opened in connection with the Central State school, Williams town, has already 244 depositors, whose aggregate savings amount to £33. A Melbourne telegram of November 3 says : — In one of the; totalizator cases to day the police secured £1,000, which was found on the premises. A number of persons who were in the place were arrested. Thomas Miller, of the Royal Hotel, Fitzroy, was also arrested in conjunction with the totalizator, but has been allowed bail. The Leader of November 1 says: ? For the past few days various reports as to the whereabouts of the members of the Kelly gang have been circulated, but we are in a position to state that no official intimation of the KeUys having been seen of late has been received. They are supposed to be still secreted in their old haunts, and a strict police surveillance is being kept ia the country surrounding. It is thought, how ever, that they must soon make a move as the funds upon which they depend to secure the sympathy or help of persons in the neighborhood of their hiding-place will soon be exhausted, and a further raid will be necessary to obtain the means for purchasing a continuance of the assistance hitherto afforded them. Cardinal Manning, speaking at a Catholic temperance meeting in Liverpool on the 1st September, said that in Manchester, Liverpool, and London the Teetotal League of the Cross numbered 50,000 of the soberest men in England. Drunkenness was affect ing our factory hands to such an extent that Americans 'who had visited England to study the labor question declared that the factory labor of America . was more efficient than that of England in consequence of in temperance among English factory opera tives. The Hon. J. Colton and Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P., are' candidates for the Adelaide Mayoralty. The present Mayor, Mr. Buik, does not intend contesting the election. A New Zealand telegram states that fifteen armed Maories stopped the surveys at the Thames, on -land granted by the Crown for forty years. ' Mr. J. Keeble, of Smith street, Colling wood, the Government undertaker, while lifting a dead lunatic at the Kew Asylum, fell himself and expired. A correspondent writes to Nature: — A mare here had her first foal when fihe was ten or twelve years old. She was blind of ODe eye. The result was f bat ; she frequently irod upon the foal or knocked it over when it happened to be :on the blind 6ide of her, in consequence of which the foal died when it was three or tour weeke old. The next year she had another foal ; and we fully expected that the result would be tbe £ -.me. But no j from tbe day it was born she never moved in the stall without looking round to ⅇ * here the foal was, and she never trod upon it or Lijured it in any way. You see that reason aid not teach her that she was killing her first foal ; her care for the second was the result of memory, imsginatian, and thought, after the ioaX wa« dead and before the next one was born. The only difference that I can see between tbe reasoning powers of men and of animals is that tbe latter is applied only to the very limited sphere of providing for their bodily wants, whereas that of men embraces a vast amount of other objects besides this. A ghost appeared the other night to a widow lady near Gawler, and in sepulchral tones informed her he was ' her husband's spirit.' 'That's a lie!' was the emphatic response; ''me husband wouldn't leave a drop of spent in the bottle when he died. Faix, I had none left to give the under takers.' The ghcet disappeared at once, followed by one of the dear departed's boots, which the widow hurled with violence at him. The missle unfortunately struck his eye, and left so prominent a mark that he was unable to attend his office duties for days after. That young man has had enough of playing the ghost to last Mm for some time. — Bunyip. . ' The dangers in which a wife's impetuosity often involves her husband were well exemplified at the Supreme Court, Mel bourne. Mr. Johnson, a station-manager for Mr. Jackson', a squatter, was dismissed owing to a suspicion that he was improperly intimate with one of the servants. Mrs. Jackson wrote a letter to his next employer, traducing him. to the lowest depths. John son sued her husband for libel, and recoverd £300 damages. A Mr. Ingerson lately fell down a well 40 feet deep, at Stephenson, but sustained no injury. At a wedding which took place a few days ago at Waimate, a f air friend of the bride, possessed of more muscle than sense — or at least more zeal than discretion — threw an old boot at the bride with such force and so true an aim as temporarily to stun her unfortunate victim. The bride groom came recently into a handsome for tune in a most romantic and unnineteenth century-like fashion. Some years ago Mr. ? was working on a goldfield with a partner, and between- the mates a more than usually warm friendship sprang up. When they parted they pledged each other to make wills by which, in the event of the death of one, his property should be left to the survivor.. In due course Mr. ? , who is a German, came to Waimate, now some five years ago, whilst his Damon went to Sydney, where he accumulated a handsome property. A few months since tbe later died, and advertisements inquiring for the whereabouts of his legatee appeared in some New Zealand papers, and at length attracted the attention of a friend of Mr. — — . The latter at once went over to Sydney to claim possession of his romantically acquired for tune, and his claim was duly recognised. It is said that he has been offered £5,000 for a portion of the estate, situate in George street, one of the principal thoroughfares ia Sydney. The population of South Australia is now estimated at 256,849. In 1875 it was 210,442 ; and in 1870, 183,797. 