Those wlio havo only read, tho, .ex partoj misrepresentations of1 tho" Melbourne. Argus , tho Telegraph , and tho organs of! oligarchy in Tasmania,' roforritig to thol origin R.nd progress of tho ' diiruraucoa, which havo nrisoii in certain constitutional! points ( botwoon the 'two' Housos of tho; Legislature in Victoria, 'V would' .bo ' ihuchj surpriBud, if thoyh'dd the opportunity ,tho; tuno nnd patience to . go through' the| voluminons correspondence, documents; and official papors bearing upon the sub ject, and which are to bo 'found in two! Blno Books issued from the Government j Printing press in Melbourne. We flattered , ourselves that by roading" nnd' reflecting over, whnt wo found published by the press, representing each of the contending parties, i that! wo. should »bo ohablod to f orin a fair and impartial judgment upon tho .-comparative, merits of tho- points! iiirdis- .pitta,- and; the honesty of purpose or other- wiso : of tho, i partios: > in- jtlio i, controversy. But, .we confess— no matter how; humilia ting to our intelligence s tho admission may be . .considered— that until; we ;fendt the contents of, the two Blue, Books- just re ferred to, wo had not tho slightost idea of the groat ingenuity and perseverance, dis played by tho majority of the! Legislative Council, to render it impossible < to work out in Victoria tho'principlcs 'of 'respon- siblo and . constitutional government. In; .thorBhio; Book «. or.. Paper >No.i 27, Session 1878, .ther6 ia,to be fouhd>eiie 'of the most! remarkable State1', pnpors' ever recorded, among tho printed proceeding of any legislative bodyj assuming. to be'an indisponsablo portion ;of ' in, Parliament riegialating for a froe pooplo.to'.Thisitmique document iOommences at!page,25'and onds Atpago 30, and is; headed ' 11 Enclosure 1 in O. i0..\,1i(lt is;,entitledj-(.i< Further, mes sago from tho Iegislativo Council to ' tlia Legislative Aasambly-11! n- The style is eminently, that of : the lawyer's . deck— the mlogio "that .of » tho speoiarploador— tho object idolusion and imposturefrthoi /tone,! Pecksnifllan and defying //rivalry.;, for its transcendent hypocrisy. Every paragraph'! betrays the/ fact, that its authors : must /.be either ignorant of, or covert enemies to . : , the ! ' principles, : '/.the: / spirit . ! and intent of/ what ( w known (to ^"Consti tutional Government," . Wo gnro nothing about the intantions.of the seleot com- nfittaot<iyhOi,frained! tho constitution, as expressed , 'in a report of, the< oldrXegia lative (Council j we'-app satisfied 1 to /rely upon the oxaet words of tho Constitution Act as thoy . appear/upon the -Victorian Statute >Book,t and wo will not recognise any authority in tho matter of -legislature, drawn from any other source. i. Tho spirit anfi intent of the Act aro nothingto us — wo sh.>l| wording— and stick tn it' evon shqqld eyory principle that underlies tho working of - responsible arid piirllqiQ|)tafy G opo r n ni p nt b o t ra rp p J pd on hundred timpp>'dn.y, nndor the h'cblaof tho enemips 'of; popular r(ght and lihorMo." Tlils substanfrially ig thp piirpopt of Tho furthor message of, the I#pgislativd Oounoil to the', gi8!ativo' ,As8Qrnbly,, « To ' this insolent and defiant message',' the A'ssem b .briefly replied, , but. .with groat,oflbct tin -itrell.as propriety.and., dignity V-"i.Wa do wish/' ' retort flip representatives of the people, " to look oijbtidg hp-Constitution Act forthqoriginofanypowors, which they' claim. .The report ,of the Select Coiamjttoe, wlio framed the constitution, was not cited by (hg Assembly,' as having any legislative authority, bgt piprejy ;ns throwing light on the intentions prthe framers nt tho Act. The somewbat narrow aud technical rnleg pf our courts have always admitted tho intention of the Legislature as an --important factor in construing legislative enaotraente, and the Assembly regret that; the Oounoil deliberately determined to ignoro it in the discussion of a. large constitutional ques tion like (he prpqeptj not oncitmborod by any rules of arbifcray jnteirnrfltfttjop, " Nothing could bo moro appropriate phd constitutional than ' this language of the Assembly V but1 It fpJJ itf vain on tho cars of the -mole-ay od attorneys, who rgadtlfe Constitutional Act, and applied its words to tho same narrow senso as they .- do. the criminal laws. j; ; . Itpfarring to tho obstinacy and reluct ance of tfio Oounoil to make any .conces sion of what they concolypfi to hie thflir legal rights-r-no matter how dostruotivo tlieir. exercise might.bo.to the working of pphstitutionai ' government,— Goyerqor Bqwen, in "despatch to tho Secretary of > Statedatcd 26th Deoembor, 1877, writes: "HowoVor my responsible advisors <havd ; all along avowed tlioir readiness .. to make any fair concession, or to adopt any reasonable compromise, not ioconsistont with /the popular Chamber (the Assembly) that' 'would bo likely, to secure for tboir measures the concurrence' of.-tbo Uppor Honso (the Oouhcil)! i|lIt' wais intimated to theiu, on what they deomod amply a suJQcient authority,, that . tko Council -would bo again willing, as on two formor occasions (in 1871 ando1874), to possa, | (dopatto bill provifng' for' tlio roimburso-i ment on tho previous scale— i.e., £300 )or annum— M tho uiombors of the Legis- liturerAtMordingly aXiU'fifr'tlidfc' pTuf-' poso (of whioh I oiiclqso a copy) was in troduced by tho. Government, adopted by tho Asseniblyby '/a' great majority, and sont up to thoConhou. r ' lt will bo soon that this bill 'was ouly . temporary, and for tlie duraiion of the oxisting Parliament, apdithat tho;quettion bf tho '.furth'dro'dn- tinuanco of theso paymonts was thus loft< to bo finally decided nt the next goneral bloctiori.'l H I 1 ' '-1 'y) 1 l ( ) ' What did tfio -Upuucil — this body of lqgi8lnting,;sages/h!b,lhavo been so ,un- warrdnfi&dly; Jh'6Id ' up. as martyrs to the .domineering and unlnwful. nrotonsions of 'tho Honse 'of Assembly ! Afteri firs, in- Insidiously inddciug'JiBhWtonnd)' tho :;Assembly "to ' li timbl e' t ho ni'elvos "jbof oro 'ihdir' >>:iiiifU8t: prawnce1/ their .imperious dictates/ tHeyj. flung the ,bill,WWciiJtf!'f.'ti,finchoTO lihdtetepted'MihiBters/o'fa1 boforo thdm, 'in' ' the J fafeb' bf ' the "ABsembly J and tho country and, not coutont with having ofTorcd/tis/primoditatcd insult, to,, the peoplo', the chafed 'Ministers as having on'tho'perpotratbra ofa crimpiofytheiil 'iwhJ plotting'1 and' exeoution !" Tlio' Go- vernop in the despatch above referred to, odmrnonting'lipdu'this unprecedented act of indocent perfidy, -writes : — j ol'tTho. Council was oarnestly iaid vised by its friends out of udoors and by the public press of tho colonyof all sides, including nearly. albthe jpurnnls opposed /.on-; prin ciple to tlib'( .payment of-Vmembors, to) accept the' concession andcompromise thus olforod by tho'Assombly, ,But, . con-) trary 'j.tb',tlip. '.gepqriiV, ' ' 'expec tatieH , / the; Oduncilrojectsd ' thb. Bill 1 by"a 'majority: 'pfu10p-itli6' 'numbers' bcjng . 8-' for, j and! '18 agaipst 1 it Subaequontiyj las/j'.Ii !h'aVo already1 snid/'Jthe (gohbral Apprb-. printioh Bill was also " laid aside/' ' "Itj will bo soon "—continues : His Excellchoyl i— 'Vfrom tho journals of bbth"Hbusos:ahcl| .fromtholparliAmentaryidobatos/' t!iatr tliej Oounoil hns nlso rccontly 'refused to pnssj ,Uio(bill providing ,/or .the dofonco, works! trecominendod by , Sir;iWilliam J orvois, tho .ExhibUion.Bill, and,'(sovertil..o,tiier mea- qu res propose d - by - th o Govqrnmont, ,and! adopted npminc, ,dmenlienlp% or,.by .large | majorities hi the Assembly! " ' Obsorving.upon tlio difficulties in thol way of practically applying the principles j of.i responsible' or > parliamentary govorn- 1 lucut, Sir.Goorge Bownn writes : ..Y.It tfill bo romemberqd that. my ablo prcdecoesor 'in1 tlib"GoVernmeht of \io- toria, tho lqte Lord, Canterbury, who lia;d onlargcd,"by''tohg,"porsonnl experience in tho Imperial Logislaturo and in Colonial Administration, his inhoritod knowledo . of, ( parliamontpy law, -i and priictico, devoted 'much' linio arid 'study to tho olncidatioh of ' tho onuses of tho ropented conflicts botwecn tho . Council and thO 'Asaoinbly iri thia ooloriy. ! It1 was his doqided ; opinion < .that;;tho , difficulty underlying .these, political struggles aro simply as follows':— 'According to tho terms and spirit of tho Constitution Act, and ..the j intention . of vits/framersl-l ' tlio position . , arid , mutual - roln' ions of r tho .Counbil , and.; Aasenibly,/, respectively, shquld.bq, for, ,aU. .practical; purposes, -.-and bo far ( ria j the , circumatanos , of. tho caso p'ormit, analogous to thoso of tho ijouso of Lords fnnd tho .Houso of .Coinmons. .Wliilo tho Assembly hnh blainted nmore, iri'tho opinion of 'Lord Canterbury ,')tlian the powors 'arid privileges claimed by,arid conceded : to, tho House of Commons; the Council has dcolinod to bo bound 'by tho practice Tof f- the Houbo -of1 Loiata/ 'and asBorts .tliat it; is, -in thoJ favorite "phrase of soveral of its -members) ("a second House qfj Commons.'' This is putting the oaso in a nutslie and solves tho problem,' precisely, in .the same sense! that nnyouo,-who. has even a knowledge of the rudimontary . principles aof/Oonstitntional govorrimunt 'miis't" admit1 'to be according to all experience,, .as well as common sense." Hi8'Excellericy quotes, in support of his views, , an, opinion recorded by Earl Groy/in'iiis tredtim on "Colonial Policy." " If," writes His, '.Lordship,,: 'f an .Upper Chamber 'could bo' constituted riri such vri mannor as to have substantial woight and authority,k and,...to. bo. /thus; .capable /of exorcising ;'a,; ealatary(,check-, upon/ jthe represqhtetivo Assembly, , while, < 'at . the samo- ( timo, ofTectual , , provision ; i were riiqdo agqjnst the machinp of ugovornqiont being brought to stand . hy: ifforerices betwq'on these' two.' bodies,, the. advantage qf such hcorislittiiion, tHo legislature oo'uld not1 well bo coritos'ted! .B'ut. 'te't ao- ojmplish this is a problem nbt'yet solved by any colonial constitution 'of "which I am- aware." "The? fact is,-'the bitmmeral system has proved a 'failure,1 ontiroly owingito the ; Uppor. Hohsos or'Councili' claiming tho. privileges and rights1 of' the Houses of Commons. Until such uncon stitutional/ .pretensions' aro practically abamlone it whl. bp jrqpqasjblo ever, to practicAlly'apply 'the' pri|jdl|e qf par- liamonfcaA' goyepuriiont! in their v. true sonsd/ 'Tho' spirit nnd not thelditer\of the Constitutional Acts muBtbo takon as the guide of parliamentary action, and until this is done it -will bo in vain to look for cither good government,- sound legislation , or for harmony in the proceed ings, of the.two '.branches of the •Legisla ture. Tho . following , iprissngb- 1 from Sir Ejkp0 iVay/gfflQqnatitntjoqal -Hjatqry'- is very apprqpriately / qqbtod .' by 'Sir Goorgo Bowpn as boqring upon tho " dif- fprences botweon the two Houses qfiPrir- UaiponMl) Viotor#'!— </; t.il; . " A now croation oftBeors at a crisis of great < and,' periinqsi necossity-i wohid Ibe constitutionally j equivalent A to < a "dissolu tion of i ho House of Commons. But it will bo romemborodithatt in. collisions bo tweon tho Elective Council of Victoria and the 'Assembly)' th'oro exists absolutely Q., vrtyry-O;. , Ruch as . that provided by ' 1 the power 1 : 'of x 'dpojutteri1 ' in the .oqse of the Lowqr Hqqso) and' ' by . ' the ' power of ' appoiritinout of np)7 members in nominated Upper Honpps. lj)ce fqospof ;Ifei7. goijtS \Vales, Queensland nqd. Nejy'. 'oalqa. Tlifs great danger has 'been'rocqgnisod during yir» past by the leading men qf all parties in Victopja, sevepa). qf wbnw> including , Sir James MoQ.uUoqU and Mr. Frahols, luive pronoso'd, though without any practical result, various sohemes of Constitutioaal reform. Nearly all think ing men of every side in this community (hmlqfiing fie, ppeKQqf linjstppjL pflpgqc iq tnp qpmiQn that it is qecQssqry tq retam the bi-caiqor/fl ayatora. but it is &so; geuepaljy. rFepd that (be two Ohftmhera snoifid bp respectively jn position, prooticaUy analogous to that of tho House of Lords and Commons, so far as tho result oati bo ofiucted by legislation." ? Tho proceodings of tho Legislative7 Council in Victoria aro precisely analog-' oqs .tq thqso qf tho Uppor Houses in all' the col.onier/i The Constitutional Acts are twisted, 'perverted and intorpreted( so as to 'practically mako them subsorviont to purposes tlio very rovorse of thoso con- templatedby their ''framers, Tho t(t.qs startling /'fact1 provod by the. contents of; theso blue jbooks, is the' dishouoaty and! perfidy of what is called the Consorvative-j ; Press of tho colonies. How tho blamo| for " The differences botwoen tho %two Houses of Parliament in Victoria,'' cottld bo attributed to tho Assembly, it is diffi cult to imagine, unless wo arojixpeotqd to - j udge'by tho' ' samfT rfiloj'as -that-by which tho wolf blnmod tho lamb for dis- , ,turbing tlio waters which, werc;bpyMid his' 'reablnand ho could riotf drink. Tho Council has boon tho great and only offender ; mrmnst- the- principlcs;of;; Constitutional ' "Govorninont, and. it , was. and f is-.the ( 16opbdon(dutyl of tho Assembly to resort Ti evory available means to vindicate its riSbt8' SIM W.Ml/. i'KO/. elOSJAJ Tub Incoming English Mail!— R.M.S. Tanjore having left Point do Gnllc , . on tho lst (throe days), bcforofcontraot tinio, may bo expected to arrive at' King'. George's Sound to-day or to-morrowl 1 /L u v '' 11 v Anotiirr Little ,wan. —dyvour tolor crams, it will"be ' Bcoii . that), '.tlio King of )JurinhhR ddfic's"'Euglniid nnd claims tho sovereignty over'Khrbn,>iwhicli./ik''av portion of thb'Briti'ahrittlrritbry.,j Lbrd .Lytton, tho Viceroy oLIndlaJ lias threatened war'unless tlio elaim is withdrawn. We havo-no sooner.subdued Affgliauisten, anfiHaidlaut a million or two on'Cetewayo, nniJ/his,.frionds> to some purposo, than that ' champion of modorn butcliors, tho Kinr .of ?tho" Wliito Elephants, requires our fona 'Attention!01 /" \- nTilRi t'<NKW'! 'ZfeALAND1 'DiKKfciiLTY'!" — ;Our! telegraphtoiadviecs'froiiv Now'Zehlahd 'ste'tc that there is great dahgor of an outbreak, of tlio natives in tho North Island of New-Zea land., ,, A- number, ofnativos,Jiavcjsnrprised n party of 1 s Aryqy oralat ' v(iq/ .Upper ' Tuainos diggings an'd/firdd'upon themP »Orir telegram does not say whether anyone was injured or n9fc!,|,urrutem,:) h-.ir. finO -hdioT | Ministerial Policy.— It is rumored that Ministers, have, had. oyorttircs: mado td thom1' tlmt . in. the .event ,of ; cortaiu j apprehended! political cqmbiimtions jl>cing..complotcd, a most determined stand will.bojmado to forcaj a frill arid coriipleto oxplaimiicinVof the causes1 which led'tottlieappoiritmcrit1 of'jCaptain Gihnoro as Colonial Secretary in the-Kcn- 1 ncriey Adiriihistratibrij A -'Captain' Gilmorb was never a membor\<if either House of f/tnb Legislature while ho was n member of the Miuistryaud dignified with tho qv honor 1 bolonging to a constituent of thVExbcutivo Council. Why ho succeeded Mr. Chapman, has novcr /yct.'i been" /publicly 'a'ridi satisfac torily explained ; but, in the event of nny crisis jn political aflfairs being brought about through tho action of tho "secretly conspir- ing. oliqno," itmuy bq 'tukenjfor granted that no compromise jwill bo toieratcd or regarded with favor thnVdocs not, as a con dition precedent, stipulate- for. the fullest explanation- uf'tho v>cireumstanccs under which tho Kcnnoriey Administration came to griof. ' G i v> i , Sqi-remb Court.— This Gourt sat in Small 'Debts Jurisdiction yesterday, His Honor Sir Francis Smith presiding, Tho case of Okines v. Bromby occupied' tho attention of the Court during the greater port, of. tho day. Tho claim was for the sunri oflQ i'Os! ; 'for goods sold and doliyered to MrLangloy, tho lato manager of the lnte. Temperance Cofleo- house. hMr.'dlnll'appeared'for tlio plaintiff, and Mr. , C. II. Bromby for the defence. Fioni th'ri ovidonco qf tho suvurnL wituesBOS oxnminoil/: it:i nio'.-li'S " LKtljjley hul ordered n largo qtinntity of grocories from the dbmplainnnfc, for the establishment, toll ing him that the committee woro responsible for tho payment of alt. accounts in connection with the coirec-honse.' Complainant accord ingly provided him with wllat 'ho wanted nnd received part payment for tho.'artielcs dolivorcd, from Lnngley;/ Somoitimo'iBincs that person absconded, nnd tho complainant claimed lie.. , money, owing | himi froim ,ths gentlemen of ' tho coininittco. Mr. C. H. Broinijy contended 'that Liiigloy was not tlio authorised agcniof.thocoininittoa, and, there fore, had no po'wor' to 'order goods on their account,. Tho jury, aftor a long deliberation, brought in n verdict in favor of tho plnintiiT for the amount clniincd, adding that Langley was tlio impliod agent of tlio cominittoe. His Honor, asked thom' if they, had carefully taken into consideration tlio facts of tho case, and nspt .was a test one,'. if tlieyi f would npt do" well to rccouaidar their, verdict.! '.Thoi forcnian, .'after ' consulting ; his ;fellpw-jury. men, informed ,His ' Honor that thoy had given 'tho 'easb thbir closc.t "attention, and could como to no other opinion than the one which hsdlbeemgivcn. Mr. 'Ball atated that' it waS.yery'probable.tho caso would bo' ar ranged without further 1 law proceedings. Crawford Maino Maxwell/ one of tho trustees ofitho.cstato.'of tho. lato 'Mr.uRiehdtd Clef burne, ; proceeded . against Jennings,'- - of Risdon, in ordor, to obtain , an ejoetmeut. Mr. W. R. Giblin appeared for tlio com plainant, I audi Mr. > C: D.' -Crisp for !tho do'-' fcnco. A vordiot wM given' in favor o£ the piaintilT. How- ;CoMMrrTJSKS suoni.d hr Formed.— ;At the initiatory meeting of tho Cottngo, Garden - Society ilasti evening,1 a point was' rnisod by , .Captain , AVillett,-- , which i was' nd-'; mitted by tlio.Chainnnntlio-Hon. W. R. | OlbBn . .to bo , unanswerable., uThal ndmcsiof \- 48. "gp'utlonicu woro' proposed for the com! Inptteo, lybim Hp venerable captain pointod ! qut that no members had been egrol|od to i elect .them.. This fact qpons up tho question I whether many of. pur recently formod sbeictios liavb log-illy oteoted oommittoes. We aro aivare that it has been almost- a" goneral , rule to,, elect oommittoes boforoi .members havo, gi von ,in; thpirimun«i.7'--Xhiil . practice is of couraa,,' very obnoxious,, cspecJ 1 lajly in 'th'is'oify,' wlioro corfniu individuals, , with., 'iio' other .rccDimnciulutinu tluuu, UI1-, 'bliishiiig 'impudence arid'b'omh'dstie'swaggef thrust tncmselvbs 'forward in tlib'most hid : ehristianliko. way, whenever an opportunity , oceiirs to havo'i word in tile ilistrUmtibn of "l0 loqypj qptj4isliefl., C.'iptqii) Willott's hint sheds a vory teU-tnlo'hght upon past'trapsao- tiona ill sqcioty-nipngoriug, Wo vonturo-.to aasari-tliat'thers are individuals ivlio'ivoro shovelled into tho govcrning'boilies of public'' societies !in: the, wholesale mannor .described;" who would not havs_ stood tlio ghost of a chance had tho election taken place before a duly called;. (meeting Tot" (ohroltodl.inouibers. Wo aro glad to notice tlinfr.tho. promoters, of, tip eiCottago nfduq' lSoojqty'h'ra',a4vc '£6l tljo ipoosity , p,f. .bringing, ' jn .tlpuworking men tq tlio 'committob. Tliey; 'havo 'set nu axainplo, wliiol) others sho|tldppC lfq slow tq', fcj|lqw. Tho prcscnco- q'f so-qillpd (ihi- ll.'P'.Pq'1 qq t||Q'gavs|:qing, hoatds of auch so- 0l.tl?5 M SlLli 'li; Ml qHCqpiniqu led to tip many failures wl|iclj n'o so cquataiifly ,tq, he lptcd'iii Hp ipqst iiaqfiil'HiqdefklngV Ju; instjtutjQiis qf a i»|blio pliaractor tfiore slould ,be no oleiqonts of (disoord'ior. fi%otinn> found amongst thoso wlio aro invested with tho oxccutivo powors.T;. A Privatb , Muskum. — -Wo yostorday visited tho privnto iriuseuth' of "Mr. T. \V. IrWilk »). aiid. .wore, L'rati(jea_S)id Birpntaqil' qt ' hi' enpltnl 'cql'. lection of curiosities presented for observa- TOWS t'1®' last 'thirty-fqur years, ;MF Iqukiu, who has' travelled vary muchlf ;has ijovoted'mMt ql ffis tirno'tQWoojfo'ct;-. ",'B Of tlio.diffcfcijt piquts, lyenpq'ijs. etc.; characteristic te each Cquiifry, tpgotjjep 'ijatn II99I»PI19 qf ipo|jql|'qogy qipt jfliiiepqlqay-,' (PUOUliRr -to this and foreign1 places, '' To many porsouH, - a visit ; to Mr- Tonkin's musoiim would, bo vory, interesting. . : As tho col cction I will only. bo - in Hobart Town :for a limited period, naturalists and lovers Wli9 vfi| .lle eM. 8 % qptlcica ltl cqinpnse!j.,i: . . , , . _ , . ,, . u . Ilicb Ooubt. Thp . MicQ . (Mr®. AV Tarloten), and Mr. Hujbere, J.P,, premdod yostorday momiug.iv Honrv Martin for refusing to join his ship, 'and Frederick Dornii for obtaining gbods ny. falso pretences were sentenced ' te imprisoniriont with' hard labor, the former three months, tho latter two. A peace disturber was fined IJs,, jn defnult or payment sqveii days iriiprisoni'ncpt. Cross v. Rllcy, on riccouut'oF the latter'riofc rippbaring.'Waa postponed a webk.' ' " ; : ' ' Buainh v. Rank anfcfortunb. — It is somowlmt singular that nearly all most pro minent ynud'1' successful leaders what ! Clarendon callstho " Great Rebellion, wore- ' Nnori of tbo! lowest extraction ' arid most liamble birth. The war botwoon tlio Tar- iiainbnt and Cliarles langriishcd, wbilo tho parliambntariaus were commanded 'J by the Earls' of Essex,' .Bedford, Manchester,'' and Lord Falmouth, and would have collapsed had not tho Ipswich Browcr taken the lead .and brought, to, thofrout ranks m his aides — Joyce/ tho" working tailor, who carried off tho King ; l'rydo, the draytnnn, who ' purged thbfHouso'/of Commons ; ;J6nnori the swiuo cooper'; JufTncll, the carpontor ; Okcy, a stoker in an Iaiington brewery, Col._ , .Jones,.wbo.bad beon a gentleman's servant y Dorenc,. a , tradesman's servant; Colonel Goflc, .ftGdr-saltcr'a Vapprontico j General Wlmlley, a draper's apprentice ; Skippin/an illiterate tLpriyato .soldier; . Berkstend, a . pedlar'-; - Corriolius Holland,1 a link-boy ; Downing, a charity-boy ; Col. Histon, a j gentleman's sorvant; Col. Bsrry, a wood- mari ;LMajor Ralfe, a shoemaker ; Col. Fox) a tinker ;. Col.,Hewson, a cobbler. , ,' Such," I remarks thchist'orian/" were tlio lcadersof the .English' rebellion, or to speak mioro properly) such woro tho instruments by which the rebellion was consummated." — Buckle's Civilisation, vol. ii, pp.. 158-9. .,/) \ Who is to Blame? — There has been lately soldriri -this city, under'th'o disguise of waste paper, a pilo 'of .'official records 'giving) all the particulars of persons tried before . variously constituted tribunals, for lofTonccs' 'alfegfeff to havO beoii 'committed against the ' JpbharUaws some forty-fivo years ago. Tho . .names and all tho particulars qf tho trials aro formally, given, so that ,data is' furnished to the curious purohasorsiof these/ records to 6bteinf,a\,)kriowlridgo of thoir(i neighbours 1 'antecedents, which, ripbu iiri partial Vxami- ; nation; might bo found less objectionable . .than their own. It was supposed that when > transportation/to this ;colouy of British !con- lyiotea culprits- had .ceased, .wo ahould hear! rio'moro' ot sthe;unpleaiaut incidents, with -which" the system had been so . long associated. So ! far- as-nwoi rocollect it was determined by ; the.; Government of the day to destroy all records which'lmight bo maliciously referred to, to , the prejudice , of individunla arho, might liavq | the, (misfor- ; tune to bo on riot yoryngrceabloterms with | their neighbours. ' Wo knoV/' ,that , the Go- i vornment of tho'day'ebmmauded tlint rill the records wo are alluding, to,, should, be, do- i -stroyodJ l > Who' then 'is to ' blamb for (tha ; scandal creAtedlby thoi exposure to public auction of the Police Records of 1835, vand which. supply all tho details of tho pro ceedings of til e then potty and superior courts for the administration of tho laws, ;as well- jwrithe riamcs'Iof HheOindividuals mos tly concornod ? These records must havo been surreptitiously, obtained, lahtl tlidirl sale ought to, bo prohibited.1 ( It; is not. right that such /records - should the., accesslbla - to,:the publica/ri'roportion orwhqm .inay be very sensibly a(rbctp|l Xy tficir publication. ,, Zillaii.— jThis .favorite® operetta was rc- Srodticcd dastqveniri'g )by .the. Amateur percttar Club/KfctheTasmariiah Hall) before q large and seleotbaudicnco'.ir Thai perform orico jiyas a'auccaM 'from.lth ; commencement to" tho 'finish, arid tho /amatcurs-aoquitted themselves with credit,. Mri W. Humphries, who played' Count di ''Castro) ' nbver sang hotter, laud was heartily applauded froinJ all portions of itho houB(£ iiTho roM of Stbphario was' cxcellontlyiirondercd ;by - Mr. JiJili .V'.' 0(Callaghan,.aiid his; iprincipal song; .- Pour out/tho Rhine wino,"uWASv.one of i.tiiol .treats qftho'hevcinng..;Tho ,aubor<lmatecharaoter of Juan ' was, carefully, acted byMr,vTMlO. Bishop j and Mr. Lithgow., .was Poroz, . tlio, ' foolish ' guntlomariygontloiriaii' to' tho life, Mr'.: C. H. Molroso ' kept ' the audi- cncq iri good . humour . hy: ; his: ' comic alities -.as "Mr. Sambo, a negro cook. The part of Zillah was' undertaken hy a young lady- amateur, who' is gifted with a ! sweet voice and much self-possession. < The , dresses j looked vory tas toful, aud rivhen > tlio ini'alo and femalo gipsies woro,;groivpbdi on 'the stage., tho raiso cp aceno , was cflectiv'o. I Master 'Bellettc, 'who 1 appeared' ris ' Young i Zillah; sangvery sweotly, arid received. welt joarhbd 'npplauso ' from' nil ! :prcsent/ "THo I orchestra, under the direction of Mr. W.Rus- jsell, contributed somo ; - woll i scleoted pieces1 of music during tbo evening. <;: I : if ! ! ' | 'Inuian'- Patriarchs,-?- According "to( ,ac- ! i counts furnished in .those intoresting jvdlumes,ri.iia//ci|7?<senreAcs,'tho!averrigbage jof ordinary human beings among'th'd Hindus: jranged from SO.OOO 'toi lOO.OOO yCara. 'But' jtheir kings - mul ( saints : lived; /Vory much douger — and/ when both characters, j were jcoinbined iri tlio same Individual, life, was. 'prostrated' to an' ' incoricbjvable- number pf. iyoars. For instance, kings who'only lived' ) to the ago of 27,000 or G8,000 years, were 'rogarded os .having been Miout off In the .flower of thoir youth."- -The most remark-' 'able instanco of longevity, was a' very shining olmraqter, ,in; jludian- ; history; v?ho; uiutea :iriah1s'pere6ri th'e; functions,'of.:n king and isaint.,,. Thq otriiiiont' iririri livedto the good ;old age of ' 6, 300)000 years as king, nnd after .resigning his sceptre and crown to .hie son, a youth of only 2,000,000 yenni, jho devoted the remaining 100,000 years of ,his liffo to qualify/htmself- to' occupy a , pro- iminorit placo amo'ng tho saints of fi'is Qoun- itry. The Patrinrohs;af"-tho Bible, palq before; those qf tho Veda, n w / j FoptHall.— It has been the 'prnctice for some timo prist of a nu.mber of.youngste.rs te .iqdulge iri tfiis pomilar' gairi'e jn IqnteeljeF- jstrect; ipucl) fa iho 'qqpoyanco of resident's in tfio Yjoinifcy, yesterday, however a coal iwhs got throughrawiridqw,''whioh was broken ;by tho ball. Af oonstable arriving, "tlio /natter was brought under his notico, and tho; .footballers /loft. tho. field .minus ithoirl iplaythirig." . ,,| j Port M Espbrance. —-'A ' correspondent 'writes :-ri;A!concert tobk placb hero on Satur- .day evening, nt tho school room, in aid of the Cricket and Croquot' Clubs' ground. Tliore was a largo attendance, raml some very good songs . were sung by a numberjqf ftp resident's,'1 jwliq.jyvsaod aivouy pluasaht two hours, : After (the concert, a doimtation of tho directors of |tho Channel auu Huon 8team , Navigation Company. >wa8 iritreduced1 by Mr.1 Ahdfo- jwjirtlm, tlio sawmill . pronriotor. They, having at'' the request; of 'thofesiderits'/of ' iPort'Esperancd'gonb dowri' iiV/ fclio 'Rplgjidid little steamboat tlio-poarlrfy, tfie purpose of. inducing the oaujants to mibso'ribo"to the' )incraipi6d >qapttnh<iin thoucourse of being raised for tho;purpono of purchasing a largor fitcaiucu fortho extended requirements of,thq. jOhannel 'trade; Capt.J Coo to gays fill riencMary explanations tyy\ fljci wag ' that a iYp»y eon sit j Qrnbl o' > u n m b'er o 5" sb a res were then and there subacrtbctj for, many, oj tjhuio taking hares.iribstcertftinly hqd mo 'idea of so dojqg m wljotj gqiqg tq the pon. wnoioftSwmhi -cqiipririhion- tinij te teq township was sq foroibly placed. ihefore<» tlionV'r; by a Mi'. /Andrewarthn rind1 Captain i Coote; .< that > the ' proposal1 wiis very Ireely responded to, , Tliore wore a. consider- , afilo- number of ladies present,' sovofar of ,wlion teok shares and tho gallaut captain in roturii,1"rcqubstedi their/ accoutancq qf a orotiuot set nri q PMaqti 1 eprossod ijtoo/ipjglifc afford thqm Vqany nn pyen- iugis amusement. Tho Penrl expbriauced a 'stpong hpad .'irid nnd very ficav.y sea, but iorrjved in very fair Jimb a| SpyfeaF|erMcp wljote ft®. Ylsjtqpsj sat 'dp'rite te n bariitel diqqer qt thg Hgvep Hotel, . ; ; I i ConnROTroNfi:— Iir;prl„tiiig: tho lottor on iJr. Minora lecture, M-liich Sipc.-irc(l in our joolumns yostorilny, 0110 or tivo niistnk.s |Wqro insuo... Tlio .soiitencoa in which thos ooonrroa should hnvo rend n, Mlqira — Tho orrore nro nqtod i(i raqkqts.. ' «.« Sftb oxcoll- oflq. f thqqysteqi of education 'is beyond qUestion by thftiio wfeq jiqow 1), ' ' - ' , TO lk,Tcs\\!'9 R liiwa (not strango) coniiimnt fill tlianrossnt »tata of th. colony." , iheriohnosQ of tho mines (unqucstionnblo in tho case of tho Mount Bisohoff. . . . nnd probable iti others (not unquestionsbly and probably), is not mucli regarded lmro, . sincerely hopo no young men of :linuted means v/iU seek (not make) thoir fortunes out hqrc, eto."- Somo of our readers may suspect that thoso errors were caused by the mysterious character of our contriau-' itors caligraphy, but wo are much too, ' polite tosayso. .-a.. .. v TaLBaRAi'Jiio. — Tho following' memos, woro, poatcdup at tho Tolagraph Office yester- dvay Firatnjain' wiro has boon, interrupted north oTXauncestoii, and restored.at xl p.m. Second /t'nain |wire Mntorrnpteu north of CrimboUTo.wri. A railway telegraph, ofilco (hu bcoa opened for business at Jung Jurig Victqria. A . \ - - Fublioationb Rkceived.— Wo havov-ro- ceived tho People's Friend , tho Sandard of Epkraim , and tho Church News for Soptom- bor. Tho - latter . has an article on religious' education by tho Bishop of Melbourne, and will bo read wifh interest. Walch's new the musio of the day is also to hand. It is admirably arranged and will prove of great use to purchasers in this respect, ' It shows that the"flmrIfoa had' vory hcayyjqdditiona to tho. musical stock of late.jr,| | t i >t / '// /'!! '! ' // i V 1 . ,,EpUCATlON — Wo qlip.from tho Hamilton rSphitaioh » Victorian nowspapor, the fol) lowing, showing that, .with all tho .political squabbles and antagonisms, the education of tho young is hotlbstisight of in that colony t —''Quito fa large riuriibor 'of pArbrits 'werb called on.to appear ati'our local police, court thisi morning, for » the non-attendance of their children dtithe State school. Mr.Ross,1 the truant inspector,. being in attendance to proyo the different cases, in most! bf'lwKidh! tliOiUaual atwo-and:8ixpanny; fine, and costs' wore. : inflicted. , , ; Tlioro waa . a;, time.. ..when parcnts' Vriight pload tho excuso of 'can't afford it,' for which thoy.. could, hardly bo! blamed, but now that education is .'f reo, no! such cxcuso can' boJ had !rec6urao'tb. ' In! 1 somo cases, it:would nppear that it; is . taken; :as'aivory lmrd matter that 'the State should! compel parents to send 'their children' to! -sohool to receive an educatiou whou thoyare! -wanted, at, homo to- do work'oui-tho farm, ! otc., showing distinctly that it is roally-fa difficult matter, to pleaee, everybody; !'. i ul'he Jquestibu . ripturally ; arises .a why -vTasmania snould jag. so, farubelund, in tueso matters, In. proportion 'tb' our population, arid positive requiroirieiits, 'none 'of J'thbj', nqjghboring colonies aro ao expensively govorrioa, h'or in any-'- ofthem' is' tHore such q,'enorat, com plaint of tho viciousncss, misory -'and ' utter neglect asiof our street Arabs.1" But the funds and roveniub of- the '-'colony arc '-ab sorbed by ' placc-huntbrs, political 1 bricks and - too numorous and) extravagantly-paid "hqadsibf dopartmcnta,". or imembers/of Exocutivo Councils, to heed the wretched- ncM.niul neglect, , of > the . deatifcuto young, who in' somo tvy.onty. years .will form, no. in- 'considorablo portion "of tlio peoplo," . , j t-. 