THE NEW CALIFORNIA^ CONSTITUTION. There are several instructive points of comparison between the politics of Vic toria and. those of California. In both countries there has been nrolonffed asita non on constitutional questions, arising from causes that are not altogether dissimilar. The land - question, the influence of capiial, and the rights of labour have in each case been among the trgest bones of contention. Radicalisn- as broken out in some of it* wont forms ad obtained effective control in C*H Drnia ; and the same spirit, with certain lodifications, has prevailed in the adjacent olony. Melbourne, like San Francisco, lasalarge proportion of the classes which, laving votes and nothing more, look with litter envy on the holders of property, rhom they regard as wrongfully enriched t the public expense. The hoodlums nd loafers, who form, if not the moat in luential the most clamorous body, aro ager to legalize spoliation, by which they lay reap benefits they have never earned, 'or their virtual leaders they havo Iraham Berry in the one instance nd Denis Kearney in the other. Each jader has some of the attributes of popular demagogue, and poees as he champion of the working man. 'he parallel runs still further. Ir. Berry's fruitless embassy had its ouaterpart in Kearney's visit to the Eastern States of America, which equally ailed in its object. His proposal to ettle the constitutional difficulty by a ilebiscite was anticipated in California, mt there the radicalism, being of a more irulent type, was speedier in its action, nd a new Constitution has been adopted, rhich has caused unbounded surprise, oingled in some quarters with conster lation. There are local circumstances rhich vary the politics of the respective ountries, but the points of re emblance in their governing charac eristics and leading principles arc triking. California has the democracy of Victoria intensified by an admixture of he communist element. It has the same ealous antagonism between the landless nd the propertied classes. For a sweep og alteration in their relations it relies n, and has resorted to, the legislative ower conferred on the masses by the peration of universal suffrage, and the xtreme use it has made of that power t calculated to awaken serious thought. The new Calif ornian Constitution has «en tersely described as a device to pre ent or punish the accumulation of realth. Though primarily aimed t the Corporations which have xercised almost unlimited - sway n the country, it attacks capitalists without distinction and capital of alb inds. Hostility to the wealthy Corpo ations on the part of the majority of oters ia not to be wondered at They iave gained so much power as to be able o influence, legislation for their own. nterests, and have nsed it unscrupu ously. For them a day of reckoning was ure to come Booner or later, and by their leprivation of the means for tyranny and xtortion the community generally will' 3e the gainer. Unfortunately the re iction has the usual fault of radical neajmres. A numerical majority, which loes not consist of proprietors, has reversed one of the first and best jstablished principles of political eco nomics by imposing taxation without epresentation. Throughout the entire icheme there are the most stringent irrangements for everybody who has any tind of possession whatsoever to be re itricted in hiB ubo of it, and to be punished aecauae he has something to call his own. Che only persons who are favoured and free are those who have nothing to lose. Property is denned, for the purpose of taxation, in the most sweeping manner, as including 'moneys, credits, bonds, stocks, dues, franchises, and all other matters *or things, real, peraona],. md mixed, capable of private owner ship.' The abandoned criminals who bave committed the huge offence against public interests of acquiring any thing of this kind are proceeded against writh. an ingenuity worthy of a better ;ause. In the headstrong desire of the Constitution-maker to reach them it ia provided that shareholders in Joint- stock Companies shall be taxed individually, and that the Companies shall also be taxed for the Bame shares, as corporate bodies. By this contrivance two birds are killed with the Bame stone. The ' lecherous bond holders' whom Denis Kearney vituperates without stint or limit, and the ' bloated Corporations' on which he showers all the unsavoury epithets in his copious vocabulary are both got at and fleeced. It seems to have been lost sight of that there are such things as Companies whose existence and operations are beneficial to the community— that, for instance, there are branches of foreign banking-houses whose interests are identical with tho e of expanding trade and commerce. Uy the harsh restrictions embodied in the Constitution, foreign capitalists will be put to serious disadvantages and incon venience, from which the trading conu munity must necessarily Buffer. Cali fornia has Buffered severely from the establishment of swindling Companies and stock-gambling in its most objection able forms. The new Constitution is designed to break up such Companies ? to prevent their being formed in the future,, and to regulate the transactions in the stock and share market ; but, like other drastic remedies in unskilful hands, the remedy is almost as bad as the disease. Two of tbe most important questions dealt with in the new Constitution are those relating to the land and the Chinese. Mr. Berry's progressive land tax, which is designed to prevent the accumulation of extended landed property, has its counterpart in California, where a similar object is aimed at. All the land held by one person is to be equally taxed, whether it consists of a worthless desert or is under cultivation. It is anticipated, and not without good reason, that this will restrict the greed for land, and result in it being ultimately distri buted in Bmall holdings. In the meanwhile it makes the possession of a large tract of country almost ruinous to the owner. 'While it may have the effect of opening some of the pasture land for cultivation it will operate as a serious drawback to the pioneers of such settle ment. Such a consideration as this, however, is not allowed to hare weight iwhen a policy of spoliation is resolve 1 upon. Just as the Railway Companies and other wealthy Institutions excite tho cupidity of the self-styled reformer!, ??- do the landed proprietors, and like th ..? u they are the victims of legalized rapacit/. In dealing with the Chinese difficult/ theframers of the Constitution seem t- have been blinded by passion. They ba.-e framed a clause which is one nf the in/nt extraordinary provisions ever adopted by any intelligent people on the face of the earth. It declares that foreigners, either of the white or negro races, who are eligible to become citizens of the United States, shall have the same rights as native-born citizens in respect of property while resident in the State. The enact ment Is framed with direct reference to the Chinese, but It is so sweeping that no alien who is a non- resident can hold pro perty. Even should a resident alien acquire property, if he desires to change Mb abode he must dispose of his posses sions beforehand or they will be forfeited. The recklessness and injustice of such legislation as this is simply astonishing. Not only are Asiatics thus heavily dis qualified, but Companies which employ them are exposed to the heavy penalties of having their charters revoked. The antipathy to the Chinese is so violent that it places them alongside of 'idiots, insane persons, and persons convicted of infamous crimes.' It denies them any political rights, forbids their employment by any corporation in any capacity, reduces them to the level of pariahs, and brands them as dangerous. It is not to be supposed that the Con stitution Is solely an embodiment of political ignorance and folly. Some of its provisions remedy glaring defects that previously existed. The Constitution it displaces was formulated thirty years ago, since which time the circumstances of the State have vastly altered. Because of the acknowledged defectiveneas of that instrument the necessary sanctions for a new one were readily obtained; but unfor tunately the notorious Kearney obtained control over the Convention which was appointed for its preparation. He had the sagacity to include certain provisions which enabled him to Becure the support of the fanners and the granges that wield a large amount of political power. These classes, In order to carry the points in which they were most interested, made concessions to the working men, and the result was a combination against which the most intelligent and wealthy were utterly powerless. Accordingly the Con stitution is the product of a compromise, which, aiming at the redress of certain grievances, Inflicts others that are at least of equally serious Importance. 'While the need of reform in certain directions Becured the votes of one class, anti-Chinese fanaticism and antagonism to property holders won a still larger number, and the alliance has had all the effect of a revolu tion. It still remains to be Been whether a Legislature will be chosen to give effect to the new and startling legislation. Very much will depend on the administration of the laws as they now exist. Unless Kearney and his ' Band-lot' following can succeed in employing their own creatures in this work their object will be only par tially attained, and it Is by no means im probable that a reaction against the tyranny of their semi ? socialist movement will zet in. Already public feeling has been greatly modified. At first there was a shout of exultation from the Labour party, mingled with a sense of atupified wonder on the part of the people generally. These sensations have passed away. The Constitution has been voted, and those whom it affects most profoundly are studying how to make the best of it It is held to be highly Improbable that the extreme Radical section will succeed in electing the next Legislature, and should they fail a revi sion [of the more objectionable features in the Constitution may be regarded as a certainty. As in the case of Mr. Berry, so the popularity and influence of the Cali fornian demagogue already show signs of decadence even in the very hour of his triumph. ? Tbb Gabohuk. — The steamer Garonne passed abreast of Cape Borda at &25 p m. yesterday, and the captain desired it to be reported that all were well on board. She reached the anchorage at 2 aan. this morning, and the passage has, therefore, occupied nearly forty-six days, ate having left Plymouth on June 19. There were two deaths of children from diarrhea daring the voyage, otherwise the health of the passengers has been good. The Garonne touched at St. Vincent on the 27 th 0 nne, and at the Cape on July 13. The only important news brought ia that of the cessation of hostilities at the Cape. She has 419 packages of cargo for Adelaide, and Bishop Selwyn is on board to join the Helanesian mission. The vessel will sail most probably in the course of to-day. Tbb EjtausH Wheat Market.— Messrs. Hall and Co., of Port Adelaide, have received tha following information from their London agents dated London, July 30, 1879:— 'Wheat, Is. to 2s. cheaper ; Australian is worth 50s. per 496 lb. in the London market. The weather is hot and forcing.' A. Debeuct Ship. — During the voyage of the Collingrove she fell -in with an abandoned vei sel, waterlogged, lying directly in the track of outward-bound ships. She was in 35° N. latitude, 17° 40' longitude. On bearing down npon her she seemed to be like a French or German barque, apparently timber-laden, with tha water just awash. The foremast had fallen forwards, and was lying between the knight-heads. Part of the mainmast was stil on end, and the mizenmast had the topmast aloft. She looked a deplorable wreck, with deckhouse completely gutted and the hatches washed adrift. The CoUingrove stood close p«sS her to be sure there was no person left on beard, when it was Men that the portion of the name still eiisting on her stern looked like FR— OA, there being two letters missing be tween the K and O. Gas Extlosios at Mr. Jaomas's Shop, RrxDiH-STMBT.— A gas explosion, which for tunately did not do much harm, occurred at Mr. Jackman's new restaurant in Rundle-street, on Friday evening, about half-past 7 o'clock. It appears that the carpenters, who were working in the top storey of the right-hand building, removed the drop screws, leaving the gas pipe open, thus causing an escape, and there being a lighted xandle close by the gas caught and exploded. The flames burnt through the-eoards into the otnet building, where some damage was also' done Two window lights and several squares of glasi were broken. The injury would have been much greater, had not one of the men, who hap pened to go into the building, discovered th€ escape, and at once turned off the gas. The boards which had caught alight were soon extinguished by two or three buckets of water being throwr on them. The amount of damage done w abont £10, and the premises are insured in th- Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company. COXETBCCTIOS OF BbIDCES » VICTORIA.— We are glad to announce that the designs of Mr J. H. GraiDger, civil engineer, Adelaide, havi been, accepted for the important straclar- known as Princess Bridge, in Melbourne, anc for a swing bridge at Sale, Gippsland. Th( designs were sent in under the joint names ol Mr. Grainger and Mr. Jenkins, of Richmond Victoria, but we understand they were all pre pared here by the former gentleman and the: forwarded to Melbourne. Mr. Grainger, who it will be remembered, designed the Frame Bridge, has alao been commissioned to prepan plans for two bridges at Richmond, in Victoria Fatal Occtreescb at Sea.— It is singularly unfortunate that the last three vetsels arrivinj at Pert Adelaide from Britain each* lost a tea c?an overboard. The Collingrove, oa her arriva on Saturday, reported that at abont 3 o'clock ci the morning of Jnly 4, when in SS° S^- 43;; R. one of the hands, named Jamea Evan*, was lost overboard from the maiayard, and ths shi| being uciler a pre*s of rail thf re was no chanj. of picking him up. It was said that Brans mi a fictitious name, and that tie man's real nasu ires tot kixwn on board. fcreracnos of Rmjs Compamxs.— Colonel Downes lately paid a visit of inspection to some of the S.AJUUL Eifle Companies as Inspecting Officer, and found the Clare Club almost in extremis, but he was highly pleased with the proficiency of the Bljth Company (Captain .Roberts), the men mustering well, showing gratifying steadiness and a highly creditable familiarity with their drill. The approaching match between the officers of the Volunteer 1 orce and those of the Eifle Association is ex citing the greatest interest among the various clubs, and practice is being assiduocily kept up. The contest is likely to be an exciting one, as he teams will be made np of the pick of the best shots in both branches of the defence force, between the members of which there is a warm Bpirit of healthy rivalry. Thajcksciviko fob the Frss Season.— In response to an invitation of the committee of the Evangelical Alliance seieral of the Churches in Adelaide on Sunday last joined in a public thanksgiving for the fine season which the colony is now enjoying, and offered np prayer that the coming harvest may be an abundant one. South ArsTHAxiAS Gahdbsees' Socibtt. — A meetieg of the members of ' The South Aus tralian Gardeners' Mutual Improvement Society' took place at the hall of the Chamber of Manu factures on Saturday evening, August 2, for the purpose of considering the proposed alteration of the name and constitution of the Society. The previous discussion on this subject had been adjourned as informal, on account of a proper notice not having been given. After a resolu tion had been passed to designate the Society by the title of 'The South Australian Horti. cultural Improvement Association,' the Hon. Secretary snggestc d that both the original and the proposed new appellation of the Society were toocumbersome, and proposed as an improvement 'The South Australian Gardeners' Society ,'* which would be short, as well as distinct from other Societies. After discussion the suggestion was adopted. The President (Mr. R. Iugleby, Q.O.) then preceded to read and erplain the draft rules one by one, inviting suggestions and amendment aa he proceeded. During the pro ceedings the rules were generally supported by the members, with but few proposed amend ments, and at a late hour it was resolved to get the same printed and forwarded to the sub scribers, jn order that they may be enabled to better discuss them at the next meeting, when it is proposed to adopt them. During the evening Mr. Ingleby took occasion to remark upon the fact that there was no provision in the law here enabling Societies to recover overdue subscriptions, whereby those persona who re tained their connection with the Societies were placed in a false position by incurring liabilities on the faith of these subscriptions. There was no way of recovering property belonging to the Societies when lent to members, and it was time something was done in the matter. Three new members were admitted, and the meeting adjourned. National Rule Association. — Several officers of the National Ride Association met at the Fulliam Ranges, belonging to the Adelaide No. 1 Company, on Saturday, August 2, to fire for places in the team for the match to take place with the officers of the local military force, which has been arranged for the 30th August. Ranges at 200, 400, 500, 600. 700 yards were fired over, with the subjoined results : — Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, 78 ; Captain Robarts, Blyth Company, 70 ; Captain Lovely, Port Ade laide. 53 ; Captain Ferguson, Adelaide No. 1, 71 f Lieutenant Hall, Port Adelaide, 75 ; Lieu tant Sampson, Blyth, 67 ; Lieutenant Provis, Clare, 56 ; Lieutenant Carter, Adelaide No. 1, 67; Lieutenant Strother, Civil Service, 75; Lieutenant Searcy, Port Adelaide, 69 ; Lieu tenant Linklater, Adelaide No. 1, 63. There being a tie for seventh place between Lieutenants Carter and Sampson, these officers fired off at 300 yards, resulting in the placing of Lieu tenant Carter in the team, which is as follows : — Lieutenant- Colonel Scott ; Lieutenant Hall, Port Adelaide ; Lieutenant Strother, Civil Ser vice ; Captain Ferguson, Adelaide No. 1 ; Cap tain Roberts, Blyth ; Lieutenant Searcy, Port Adelaide ; Lieutenant Carter, Adelaide No. I. Lieutenant-Colonel Scott took charge of the firing parties in the morning and Adjutant Woods in the afternoon. Jackmak's New Restauraht.— Sir. Jackman the well-known restaurant-keeper in King 'William-street, opened a branch establishment in Hnndle-street, in Mr, Kither's new premisej, on Saturday last. It is divided into two shops, but as yet only one has been opened. The latter consists of a double saloon, the one being ou the ground floor for general customers, and the other on the t?oorof the second story for private parties. Each saloon is in measurement about fifty feet long by fourteen feet wide, and the room on the ground floor is fitted up with ten round marble- topped tables, each capable of accommodating four persons easily. All the other furniture is of cane. On either side of the walls are fixed up a row of oblong-shaped mirrors, in front of which are doubla brass rods for the reception of hats, &c.; At night the place is illuminated by gas-jets reflected from globe lustres, and the tout ensemble is very in viting. At the rear of the ground saloon is the pantry, and behind that again is the kitchen, in which has been erected a large range of Flavel and Co.'s make. Thb Stbbflbchasb& Red Irox. — This horse, which was purchased in Melbourne last week to come to Adelaide, won the Steeplechase on Saturday at Kensington Park. The Sforteto Hostrlbib. — The Globe Hotel changed hands on Saturday, Anguat 2, Mr. 'W. Blackler formally handing over the establish ment to Mr. James Aldridge, who some time since purchased the lease. CorHsmoAXD Blood Stock. — Mr. AV. Blackler has been very much annoyed lately by people coursing abont his land at Fulham, as the dogs have frightened some of his blood stock, one re sult being that a valuable mare slipped a foal. We notice by an advertisement in another column that Mr. Blackler threatens to prosecute persons coursing on his grounds in future, and that dogs found there will be shot. A Masosic Journal.— We have received from the publisher, Mr. J. J. Symmonds, the first number of The Rough Ashlar, a monthly magazine for Freemasons, in which the con ductor proposes to give special representation to the Masons of South Australia, and to report their Lodge proceedings. The field to be taken up by a magazine of this kind is not very exten sive, bat doubtless a good publication will secure a fair measure of support. Accident. — A few days ago Mr. Gilfillan, one of the harbour pilots, was making an attempt to board the ship Pekina while she was being towed up the river. The boat capsized along side, and the pilot was for a short time in immi nent danger. The man with him scrambled on beard the Pekina, while Gilfillan himself suc ceeded in reaching the capsized boat, to which he clung nntil rescued by a boat from the steam lag. Instantly the accident was noted the tug ceased towing ahead and lashed alongside to steady the vessel in mid-channel while her boit went to the rescue. . D'Ahct Read's Ghosts.— There was a good attendance at White's Rooms on Saturday even irjg, when Mr. D'Arcy Read's spectral illusions proved a source of great amusement and wonder ment to those present. Frequent applause was given during the performance, and at the close there was a distribution of gifts, one of the spectators becoming the possessor of a gold watch. A Strict Observer of tub Sabbath.— A gentleman in a clerical uniform was my fellow passenger in a suburban railway carriage last week (writes ' Atticus' in the Leader). He had a time-table in bis hand, which he diligently studied. As I wanted to know tbe time of the departure of tbe return train I asked him if he would kindly favour me with the information. For reply he passed me the time-table, in which on turning over the leaves I noticed a number of singular obliterations. I looked enquiringly at the reverend gentleman as I pointed to the erasures, and he at once, and rather eagerly as I thought, gave the explanation. ' My friend,' he said,. ' se« this publication. I am always careful before taking it home to strike out everything bearing upon the desecra tion of the Sabbath.' He had erased all mention of Sunday trains! Ohfhah Home.— A meeting of the sub scribers to the Orphans' Home is to be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock. OrENiso Mcsbuss on Susdat.— A meeting will be held at the Temperance Hotel, North Adelaide, this evening, to consider Mr. Fraser's motion m reference to the opening of Institutes and Museums on Sundays. - IxtirEST ox Firb — The adjourned inquest on tie fire at Mr. Parks's shop, Rundle-street, trill be held this morning at the Hamburg Hotel. Elikkir Chapbl, Nobth Adelaide.— The anniversary tea meeting of this Chapel will be held this evening, the Hon. Dr. Campbell pre «idicg. IsBAixlDEimncATioj* Association-— A meet ing of tbe members of this Association will ba held in the vestry of the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, this evening. Ekectiojt- of Bailwat Workshop*. — A netting will be held at Salisbury this evening, to consider the question of erectJng-'railwaj workshops tear Salisbury. Thb Voixhtiees.— On Saturday, August 2, the volunteer officers and non- commissioned men of each branch of the service were treated by the Colonel- Commandant to & little pick-and-shovel work at that misnamed desolate region Dry Creek ; and judging from the energetic way one and all handled the to many nnfamiliar im plements the labour was regarded as a pleasurable novelty. There were seventeen officers and thirty sergeants engaged in this semi-military ' labour test,' and the first work they were set to was that of throwing up a shelter trench of tha ordinary character, the officers' party being put on their task first. Picks and shovels, about the selection of which there was some little amusement, were served out, and the whole body marched to a level spot where they were to show their mettle. The line of the trench having been marked out, the trench party were drawn up facing it in line five feet apart, the task of each man being to dig out a space 5 feet front, 1 foot 6 inches deep, and 2 feet 6 inches wide in half an hour, with the consoling reflection that although the ground was as hard an a male's head it would be found soft as soap at the bottom of the trgnch when the task ended. The officers set to very vigorously, and speedily showed their various capacities for day labour, some shovelling away with unabated ardour to the bitter end, while a few discovered that the work brought into exercise tjuite a number of muscles they never dreamt they possessed, not haviDg had any use for them hitherto. The trench, however, was fairly on to the finish when time was called, and would have served its purpose well as a shelter against an ordinary enemy. A threatening army of clouds, which had been sending out some light showers as skirmishers, now followed up with a regular fusillade of rain-drops, which drove the parties from the trenches, or rather they were ordered off by the considerate Colonel for a spell. The sergeants were next set to tackle their task, and speedily dug out a very serviceable trench, Colonel Downes meanwhile explaining the utility of that kind of work and the system upon which it was to be done. Sub sequently the working parties were desired to widen one of the trenches 2 feet 6 inches, and to slope the berm — the space left clear of earth between the foot of the slope in front of the trench and the excavation from which the earth for the slope is taken. The effect of sloping the berm to the same angle as the bank of earth sheltering the trench, the Colonel explained, was to give the soldiers more roem and allew them to lie closer up to the parapet or bank of earth. Alter the shelter-trench exercise the parties were mustered and the Colonel-Commandant showed them how to line out a parapet, viz., a mass of earth, or other materials, raised to protect defenders from the fire of the enemy. The Colonel ex plained the principles upon which a pa rapet was constructed, as previously de scribed in his lectures; and from the ready replies to his questions, and the general atten tion shown, it was evident that the lectures recently delivered by him upon military matters have been the means of diffusing useful know ledge among the volunteers, and of exciting their interest in subjects BOt within the scope of their ordinary drill. Inquest at Morgan.— An inquest was held on Thursday night, July 31, before Mr. R. H. Jones, J.P., at the Terminus Hotel, Morgan, on the body of a man who had been found floating in the Murray on the previous day. Mr. J. B. Gibbs was appointed foreman. After bearing the evidence as to the finding of tha body the Jury brought in the following verdict :— ' That the deceased was found dead in the Murray River, but there is no evidence to prove how he got there.' The body was in a very decomposed state, but was identified by Police-constable Delaney as being that of a man named Lawrence Carr, whom he had seen at Morgan some tares or four weeks back. He was thea looking for work, and seemed very low-spirited. He recognised him by a large mark across tbe right hand and a scar on the same arm, also by his large hands. Disgraceful Theft.— On Friday evening a box belonging to the Children's Hospital was stolen from the counter of the Royal Hotel, Hindley-street. It contained money which had been collected for the Hospital, but the precise amount is not known. Importation of Stock into Victoria.— From a statement of the value of the imports consumed in Victoria, presented to Parliament (says the Argus), it appears that the importa tions of horned cattle, horses, and sheep were very much less in 1878 than in the four pre vious years. The importations in 1S74 were in value £1,161344; in 1875, £1,130^82; in 1876, £l,134,6S4; in 1877, £1,019,560; in 1878, £606,008, which is less than half what they were in 1876, the year before the stock tax was imposed. Good Tkmflabi'm. — On Friday, August 1, a tea meeting was given in the Primitive Metho dist Chapel, Goodwood, by the Star of Good wood Lodge, No. 7, and Peace and Progress Juvenile Temple, No. 3, 1.O.G.T. of the 'World, to bid good-by to one of the Juvenile Tent Super intendents (Sister Fisher), who has taken an active part in the Temple since its formation, and Brother Fisher, who are leaving for Queens land. There were over sixty members and friends present. A very pleasant eveniag was spent, and many were the good wishes accorded to Brother and Sister Fisher for their prosperity in their new home. EcDriTDA Farmers' Association. — The annual meeting of this Association was held at the Eudunda Hotel on Thursday, July 31, when all the officers and a number of members were present. Much indignation was expressed by the Chairman (Mr. C. F. W. Pfitzner) and others in regard to the action which is being taken in the House of Assembly to alter the present Rabbit Bill, so as to dispense with filling-in the holes, which is well known to be the only effectual means of getting rid of the rabbits. It was trusted that all other district* interested in the question would take action in the matter, as if that poition of the Bill is allowed to be struck out it will become waste paper. A hope was expressed that hon. members of the Assembly woald not allow the present clause to be struck out, as by so doing tbe whole force of the present Bill would be lost. Much good had been effected by the working of the present Act in the district, and the nuisance was now a thing of the past, owing to the satisfactory working of the said clause. Inconvenience was felt in consequence of the two JJEVs in the district both being members of Parliament, and two gentlemen were proposed as fit and proper persons to be appointed to the Commission of the Peace, namely — Mr. F. G. E. Appelr, of Eudunda, aad Mr. lansen, of Point Pass ; and it was decided to take im mediate steps to secure their appointment. It was stated that the residents of the town ship and district were disappointed with the Post-Office and Telegraph Station, and astonished to see so much money wasted on buildings which were quite unfit for the pur poses for which they were destined. The Government had been offered the best positions in the township free, and for a few extra pounds good substantial buildings could have been put up. The specifications have arrived for police cells, clcsew, &c;, but reflect no credit on the authorities, a* they are to be of the same temporary character, and in a very few years will have to he replaced. This Associa tion is pleased to find that a number of other Farmers' Associations are springing up in different parts of the colony, and trust that by united efforts much good may be effected in the welfare of South Australiam agriculturists. Well-boring in Kooringa.— We quote the following from the Burra Record :— 'The well being bored in Kooringa by Messrs. Francis Clark k Sons for the Corporation is slowly making progress, having reached a depth of twenty or thirty feet, and having already \- reached water. We believe it is intended to use steam power very shortly, when progress will be more rapid. One of the men in the employ of Messrs. Statton k Henderson, of Kooringa, has made an auger with which he bored in their yard to a depth of seventeen feet, reaching water.' Footbaix. — Saturday's games resulted in wins for the Ports against the South Parks by two goals to nil, and for the Victorians against the Kensingtons by six goals to niL The match between the Theatricals and the Norwoods resulted in a victory for the latter team. Unregistered Dogs. — We are requested to call attention to a special advertisement, authorized by the' Commissioner of Crown lands, announcing that the provisions of the Dog Act of 1S67 will henceforth be rigorously enforced. The Vice- Admiralty Cocrt.— This Court will sit at 11 o'clock this morning, to heai argument or admission of plea in re the Courier, Caetor-oil Trees. — Although it is known (remarks the Wallaroo Times) that the castor oil tree is fatal to many kinds of insects, it ii cot generally looked upon as being a poisonous plant. It seeing, however, that such is the case and some twenty boys living in and arounS Kewtown narrowly escaped being poisoned the other day through eating some of the seeds ol ore of these trees. ? C3T Worth Knowing. — That the Largest Clothing ud Tailoring .Premises in Adelaide, and th- Best, most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Youths', ud Bojs' ClothiEgJaml Outfitting*, is at G. ftsd W. Shieriaws, Glasgow Home, II, Hindley. street. Proof i* the test to try them, cr CST Note. — Messrs. Townsend, Bolting, and Co. will sell, at their Mart, This Day, at 2 p.m., a rplendKl detection of Grafted Orange-Trees; in chiding Cameliiis uu! other choice pUnts, jos) arrived frcm Sidney, from Majill's Sydney Xurseries, established ISIS. This will pciiSrely fce the Lasi S»le cf the «eason. Oraase- onyera ought not to lost \- ifcis chance. Tfce trees most be sold without aoj rtterve. Ttey fc&ve; all irriTed in besntifal condition t ?'- ? ' ? ' 