The Essayist. Wanted a St. Patrick. BEFORE the time of Niebuhr (great fellows those German scholars!) people used to swallow anything in a book, however much it was contradicted in the same or any other book. Thus I read that such grave authorities v Kircher, Port*, Oasaendi, Lana, and Bishop Wilkins relate that a wooden eagle made by John MtUer, of Nuremberg, flew forth from that city to meet the emperor Maximilian; having saluted him the automaton returned with him to the city gate*. Bat they do not agree in their dates, some saying it was in the time of Maximilian's grandson, Charles V. Since Niebuhr showed tbe way to cross-examine books just like other wit nesses the science of historioal criticism has made great strides. Its latest deduction is that the myths and legends handed down to us are in reality underlaid by a substratum of solid fact The wisdom of this deduction was happily vindicated a year or two ago, when, in making some excavations at Rome, it was found that there had been a gulf near the ancient forum, and that it had been artificially filled up. Every schoolboy (but not every Queenslander) knows that according to old Roman history this chasm was only closed—as the gods had declared to be necessary—by the self-sacrifice of a noble Roman named Quintuß Curtius, who, on hearing the oracle, determined to devote himself for the good of his country (like one of our own minis ters), and, getting into full armour, dashed, upon his war-steed, into the abyss, which then shut fur ever. Now we can easily picture how the myth arose. Quintus Curtius no doubt was a Bort of Peabody, who spent all his fortune in filling up this gulf. An ancient dame, speaking sixty years after the event, and shaking a skinny forefinger at another crone, thus addresses her : "Ah I Fausta, this is where the gulf was which swallowed up the noble Quintus Curtius. A fine handsome man he was—it's a pity he was hen* pecked by his wife I Beautiful, dost thou call her ? Ay, and ho is a snake." Her grandson, aged six, and Caiuß by name, looks with wondering eyes on the cruel ground. The next day, while playing with bis bigger cousin Balbus, he says, " Balbe, look, here was a gulf which swallowed up the aoble Quintuß Curtius." " Caie," returns the other, "if thou tellest me lies I will inform the schoolmaster Plagosus, and be shall horse thee, and make tbee to feel the weight of an eel skin stuffed with sand."* "True!" says the little boy; " I heard grandmother tell Fausta Nosey yesterday." When Balbus is next walking there with his father he asks him, " My father, was there a gulf here V And the father replies, "My son, there was ; and it was closed by the Belf-sacrifice of the noble Quintus Curtius. Let his illustrious example ever make thee sacrifice thyself for thy father and thy fatherland." " The old man will make me do something un pleasant directly," thinks the wise child, who knowß his father to be a stern patriot. Then the two saunter out into the country, and the old man Bays, " My Bon, seest thou yonder vine married to the elm I Cast off thy garment and climb tbe tree. I would have some grapes to quench my thirst" " The tree is covered with big ants whose bite is as fire," whimpers the boy. " Kemember Quintus Curtius," sayß the father, flourishing a thick walking-stick. Balbus felt the exhortation. The Komanß were a striking race. It was from them, through the Italian and Romish prieata, that the Anglo-Saxon and ""•"Note for wife-beaters. When a modern Greek waute to beat his wifo, he—being, according to Byron and the Liberal party, a creature with an interesting clauioal flavor—proceeds to the butiuow with an eelikia thus stuffed. It leaves no marks I other Germanic tribes karat the inhuman habit of beating children. When will the world un derstand the sublime prophet of Nazareth's teaching that children are better than grown sinners ? We noed not follow the Btory further. Caius and Balbuß never forget the gulf or the name of Quintus Curtius. And thus we have all the manufacture of a myth without wilful deception on the part of anyone. With this example before us we can explain the Btory of St. Patrick and the snakes. And when we have done so we can next proceed to consider how some Queenslander may become the St Patrick of this realm of Australia. Ah his name shows, St. Patrick was a patrician or nobleman of Rome. Further, he w claimed by bo many countries that we may conclude he was a travelled man. In his time Ireland vaa like the Queensland of to-day—a country covered with woods Bwarming with snakes. Combining the virtues of Mr. Bernays with those of Bis Lops O'Quinn and Hale, the Baint not only regretSed the plague but saw a way to its abolition. Ob viously he would devise the introduction of an animal that ate snake*. To this day in France when a place is infested with vipers it is usual to turn down a herd of certain animals. So Captain Mayne Reid ascribes the pauoity of snakes in American woods to the prevalence of the cousins of the above animals. Now the Romans were greedily fond of the flesh of these last Their armies could not campaign without it St George of England was a fraudulent contractor for it to the Roman troops. Perhaps the saintly patrician had also been in the commissariat. Naturally, therefore, St. Patrick selected the pio. That the pig was unknown and therefore horrible to the ancient Celt is proved by the fact that even down to the time of Scott, and still later to the days of Chambers, the animal was looked upon with aversion in various parts of the Highlands of Scotland. I have myself met a Highlander who would not eat pork. Similarly I have fre quently—in fact almost invariably—seen pork refused by our blacks, who are greedy enough for almost every other kind of scraps and offal. I must however confess on this head that I have always entertained the suspicion that the black's dread of " piggy- piggy" arises from his resem blance, when scraped, to the human corpse, when prepared for cooking by peeling off the outer skin, as described in Dr. Lang's book on Queens land—the inner skin in all races being white. A. blaokfellow indeed once nearly admitted to me that my conjecture was right Under the odor of sanctity, and unthought of as food, the pig multiplied and mightily pre vailed in the (now, alas, ont down) forests of Erin. But when the snake became exterminated the pig became a nuisance by his mere multi tudinosity. When anything becomes a nuisance men will rise up and destroy it—let it be a church or a creed, an aristocracy or a democracy. From killing the animal to eating it was a facile descent But as the people who first ate pork in Erin did so with a secret sense of wrong-doing we may be sure they would try to forget its saintly origin. It is astonishing what a man can forget when he tries hard. Moreover they would not admit their sin to their children—it being the peculiarity of parents to represent themselves to their offspring as infallible and impeccable. They would therefore tell the rising generation only the half-truth—namely, that St Patrick had banished the snakes. When the children so taught came to full growth they would seek to establish a mental idea as to how the saint worked. And thus it became agreed upon that he did it with a word, and it was a miracle. Some however hold that the saint emphasised the word with a thump of his bit of a "shtiok," and the force and virtue of this blow extended to New Zealand at the opposite end of the earth, Now if any Queeaslander is anxiouß to become a St. Patrick, what animal is he to introduce ? I give my vote for the Indian mungooz (not mongoose, whioh leads to the umdiomatio plural of mungooaes); and will describe him in my next Cosmos. Ought not we to have a few notes by way of correction added to the cheap reprints of Lord Macaulay'B works, which still retain possession of the market, and are likely long to do so ? For instance, there is the insinuation againßt Dryden, the poet, that he became a Roman Catholic from interested motives. Mr. Robert Bell, in his annotated edition of the British poets, shows that this was not the case, and that in 1684 an Exchequer warrant was granted him, by which £100 per annum was added to his salary. This grant coming from Charles 11. relieves Dryden from the charge of changing his religion for a pension from his successor. It is pleasant thus to be enabled to exonerate genius from unworthy motives. — Literary World. Was Shakespere the discoverer of the circula tion of the blood ? Brutus addressing Portia ■ays:— You are my true and honorable wife ; Aa dear to me as are the ruddy drop* That visit ray sad heart. Again Warwick, by the bedside of the murdered Gloucester, exclaims :— See how the blood is settled in his face I Oft hare I seen a timely-parted ghost. Of ashy semblance, meagre, pale, and bloodless Being all descended to the laboring heart; Who, In the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the same for aidance 'gainst the enemy Wliich with the heart there cools, and ne'er retuxneth To blush and beautify the cheek again. But see, his face is black, and full of blood. These passages have been quoted to show that Harvey's discovery was known to Shakespere. " Julius Cfflsar " is supposed to have been written between 1603 and 1607 ; Shakespere died in 1616. Harvey began to lecture on anatomy in 1615, and the book in which he gave to the world his dis covery did not appear till 1628, but he settled in London in 1604, ond thus he and Shakespere may have met; but after all, aa Dr. Williß remarks in the extracts referred to, Shakespere refers to nothing more than the current opinion that the blood was in motion within the heart and vessels, particularly the veins.— Literary World. A gentleman connected with the press has paid Carlyle a vißit. He was delighted to find that in the course of conversation the Earl of Beaconsfield was held up to ridicule. It would be curious were it otherwise. Alas ! the old Sage of Chelsea has a poor opinion of all the actors, on the modern Btage.— Literary World. 