CATHOLIC EDUCATION. The pastoral letter of Archbishpp Vaughan and the Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South "Wales was read in the Catholic churches throughout the colony on Stmday, July 27. The document is a very long one, and we make the following extracts:— " To our Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and theFaithful under our Jurisdiction. "Health and Benediction in the Lord Jesus Christ—Having been convinced by many signs from many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic,education are steadily increasing, so as to become absolute perils to religion, and that unfairness to Catholics is developing into abso lute injustice, we, the Archbishop and Bishops having jurisdiction in New South Wales, who are responsible to God for the souls of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take'counsel together regard ing the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority of our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct you as to your position and your duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. "The erection of costly public schools in every direction, which is continually going on; the steady, systematic way in which our denomi national schools are being weakened and extin guished ; the treatment of Catholics at Rand wick and the Benevolent Asylum; the prospect of secularist grammar schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst; of a secularist high school for girls being established in Sydney, and partially en dowed by the Government; of £1,500 a-year beiBg spent for five years on the education at grammar schools of boys exclusively from public schools; this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the community, to the exclusion of others who cannot in conscience avail themselves of it, is in a free community like ourown, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. "And more than this. This expenditure on godless education, this studding the colony with schools which the Ohurch knows from ex perience will, in course of time, fill the country with indiffereatists, not to speak of absolute infidels; this use of Catholic funds—of taxes paid out of Catholic pockets—for establishing a system of education throughout the land, which not merely Catholics cannot safely make use of, but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity, is an act so galling to every feeling of fair play that we do not see how any free man with any spirit in him can allow it to pass unchallenged. "Not! merely_ as bishops of the Catholic Church,-but as citizens of a free country which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its taxpayers, we emphatically lay claim tp our-share of that same even-handed justice; and we believe it to be the duty of the Catholic body not to rest until they have been placed on an equal footing with their fellow-colonists. We, Catholics, who represent one-third of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than our fellow-tax payers receive; and we do not see why we should be content with one jot or tittle less. "Let it be borne in miud that this is dis tinctly a religious question. "With politics, as such, it waB never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the tice alone, but the future of religion itself, is contention of rival parties. But when not jus essentially bound up with a certain position; when the question, of education is in point of fact the great religious question of the day; we should be prevaricating against our bounden duty, and should: prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, were we to hold our peace, did we not at the present juncture set forth the teach ing of the Church with great distinctness, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unmis takable clearness your duties as interpreted by that teaching." The pastoral letter then sets forth the funda mental principles and doctrines of the Church as taught by Christ; reviews the efforts "of paganism "to civilise the heart, instruct the conscience, and direct the will," which are,pro nounced to have been failures; and it is main tained that ou the teachings of Christianity "all civilization and legislation, all morality, public, social, and private are founded." The letter continues:— • " Now we are bound both by the natural and the revealed law to educate children in the know ledge of God, in His love, and in His command ments. '■ As Christians we are bound to educate them in the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for them those blessings and gifts which the Christian Ohurch alone has the power to bestow. By tbe law of nature parents . are bound to train their children, and by the law of Christianity the Ohurch is bound to see that parents do their duty. And —whilst father and .mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children from the dawning of their reason, .the Church! is bound, on the otherhand,.to complete the work which the parents have begun. * Gor ye therefore and teach' (or make disciples of) 4 all nations, baptising them in the name of' the . Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatever I have commanded yon,' is her commission. Here ■ tbe duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the,, necessary gifts and powers. Thus both parents and the Church inculcate the same class'of teaching; they are in perfect harmony; the education of the child at its mother's knee is not undone in the Christian schools, but de veloped and completed. Through the whole period the graces and influences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of the Christian t child; 'the heart, the conscience, and the will, are being moulded for life; and the entire being, body, soul, and senseB, the complete per sonality becomes saturated by a civilisation of which Christianity alone can be the origin. " Thus it is self-evident that education with out Christianity is impossible: you may call it instruction, filling the mind with a certain quantity of secular knowledge, but yon cannot dignify it with the name education; for religion iB an essential part of education; and to divorce religion or Christianity from education is to return to paganism, and to reject the Gospel of. Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church con* demns, with marked emphasis, those schools and that (method of teaching in which the religious element is divorced from the secular. She knowathat instruction is not education, and ; that a system of national training from whioh Christianity is banished is a system of practical' paganism, which leads to corruption of morals and loss of faith, national effeminacy, and to national dishonor. " It- is not, therefore, surprising that Pope Pius IX. should have issued the ' folio wing weighty instruction, which our Catholic people and our Protestant statesman would do Well to ponder on. In it they will find no new doc trine, but the old teaching of the Church; which springs from immovable, principles of religion. .'The greatest injury, is inflicted on society,' says | the supreme Pontiff, 'when the directing and salutary,:poiyer of .the. Church is withdraws■» fromjpublicandprivate education on-whioh tha Sness of the Church .and of the common wealth depends so much. For thus society is .little; by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which slope can permanently seoure the foundation ' of-' peace and public order, and promlote and direct the true and useful progress l ofiCivilisation, and give man those, helpawhioh are necessary for 'him in order to attain after this life his last- end.And im.truth a system' of teaching which not:only is.limited to the knowledge, of Batural things, and does not pass beyond the bounds of our life on earth, but also depaftafrom the .truth revealed by God, must necessarily be. guided by the spirit of error and untruth ;; and education which, without the aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs the mind and moulds the. tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, mustj infallibly produce a generation which will have no guide but its owu wicked passions and wild' conceits, and which will be a source of greatest misfortunes to the commonwealth and tbeir own families. Who doeB not see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it be introduced into the primary schools. Those, who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon itho primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author, and to be false to the charge she received from God of,guiding all men to salvation; and in whatever country this pernicious design of re moving.the schools from ecclesiastical authority should be entertained and carried into execu tion, and.the young thereby exposed to the danger of losing their faith, there the Church would be in duty bound not only, to use her best efforts and to einploy-every means to secure for them the necessary Christian education and instruction, but . moreover would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, aud to declare that no one can in conscience frequent such schools as being adverse to the Catholic Church.'' After quoting from a Pastoral Letter of the English Bishops, the present one proceeds:— " Such, theD, being the emphatic teaching of the Catholic Church, we, the Archbishop and Bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, condemn the principle of secularist education, and those schools which are founded on that principle. We condemn them, firstly, because, they contravene the first prin ciples of the Christian religion; aud, secondly, because they are aeedplots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness; being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of, future citizens. Wherefore we urge our clergy to dp all in their power, in the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realises the true position of affairs. They should bring before the minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing them to loss of ifaith and morals, and endeavor to make them feel that they conld not do a greater ser vice to religion or to the State than to upset, by constitutional means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to themselves, promises to be a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let thhm, moreover, warn, parents, Who, through a spirit of indifference or worldliness, are ex posing their children to proximate danger of perversion and of ruin, that they are tempting the anger of Almighty God; and that they are jeopardizing the faith, the morality, the eternal bappinesB of those who are too young to help themselves, and who have been confided by nature itself to their guardianship and protection. Let them often remind the people that they are gravely respon sible if they give encouragement to such schools; for,-by so doing, they are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and are standing as ob stacles in the way of Christian men who are bent on bringing about a change. Let one and all remember what their fathers of old suffered for the faith, and let them not show themselves unworthy of their own flesh and blood—flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which was freely spilt, rather than betray Christian principle or compromise Christian faith. " We are profoundly conscious that a latent sense of fair play exists in the community at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before the minds of their fellow-electors, and their re presentatives in Parliament, these two'facts— first, that Catholics have to pay for schools which they cannot safely use, and which they consider an evil to the country; and, secondly, that whilst they hre thus made to pay, no equal provision has been made for them. Let the country fully comprehend our grievances, and a sense of common even-handed justice will assist ns in working out a remedy. Would secularists hold their peace, if, without equal provision being made for them, public treasure were lavished on. Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Primary Schools, whilst £7,500 were spent on, the training of bofs, exclusively from Catholic institutions? Would they not hold that tbey were being treated with extraordinary injustice and unfairness? And would not the whole world agree with them ? " The State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But, in matters of religion, are Catholics to be guided by the world or by the Church ? Does not the Church know her own true interests best ? Has not she had experience of centuries, in point of time; and all over the world, in point of space ? Are not her professed opponents on the side .of secularist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side? And to come to facts, has the secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered and de veloped a Christian spirit? Has not the Catholic .Episcopate, in various quarters of the world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit? What is our own expe rience and that of the Catholic clergy in this colony ? To their shame, it must be said, some of our people , do send their children to public: schools.; Whatis the deliberate conclusion we have arrived at with regard to suoh children ? That there is a marked difference between them and children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their faith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality; tbeir manners are rongh and irreverent; they have little sense of respect land gentleness; they have no at traction: for prayer or for the sacraments; and promise to swell a class which is already far too large in number. Our clergy look on the future of such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings." The Pastoral points out that there is no country in the world where Catholics should be more careful about their children than iu Hew South Wales,'and adds:— "It may be interjected that some Catholics do not disapprove of public schools,for a certain number of Catholic children are going to them. We reply, because a certain number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not. condemn what is wrong,.and teach them what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and con demn secularist education; and we are led to do so all the more strenuously in proportion as we are inclined to fear that Catholics are begin ning to feel less and less horror at drunkenness 'and infidelity. .- The Chnrch is not ruled or guided by the practices or corrupt views of bad, or indifferent, or ignorant Catholics ;but by the successor of St. Peter, and the Bishops of the ■? Church who are in communon with him. So long _ as Catholics obey, in faith and morals, the voice that speaks with this authority, they will be!safe; to listen to.and follow, in such matters; any other voice, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make shipwreck of the faith, j ; . " What, then, are our practical recommenda tions? : I. First, let all parents love their children's! souls as the apple of their eye. Let them hear in mind their, grave responsibility in the sight oi God with regard to the Catholic 1 education of their children. Let parents, from their children's earliest years, teach them to pray ; and until they are fit for school, exer cise them in Catholic practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic instincts, and, by example as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reverence.• Let all parents look upon carelessness or neglect in these duties as matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. : " II. Secondly, let parents send their children, when of fit.age, exclusively to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as no places for their children, who bave to learn before everything else to save their souIb, and who should' be sedulously prepared, by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for encountering the perils of the world into which they will eventually be thrown. - "' HI. Thirdly,'let-all Catholic parents know that they cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perver sion. Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church; and that, unless there be exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote,^ of which things the Church is the judge, no confessor can absolve such parents as, are willing to expose their children's souls to'the blighting influences of an alien creed or a secularist system. "IV. Fourthly, let those who are so unhappy as to be sending their children at the present m'oment to public schools withdraw them as soon as possible. Let them, examine their children's religious^ instincts and .moral (qqq , dition; and if, as is to be expected, they find faith' andmorals weakened, and the germs of lawless ness 'apparent, then let them, with great anxiety,: do all they can to . redeem the time and to remedy the evil. Letthem especially prepare ■ such.children for the sacraments, teach them to hear masB devoutly, to say their morning and night "prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model,-to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to; be obedient, dopile, and reverential fco all who axe placed over them. ;" V. Fifthly, let the clergy make such in structions as these the frequent subject of their sermons and their private exhortations,- and let them not weary till godless and non-Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children; and until all the Catholic children in the dis trict are receiving a sound Catholic education. ''VI. Sixthly, let bishops, priests, and people do all that lies in them, if necessary at personal sacrifice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way as possible, so as to be equal in secular instruction to non- Oatholic schools, whilst they surpass them iu the genuine education of the will, the conscience, and the senses. " VII. Seventhly, asd lastly, whilst strength ening what they have, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pressure in the right direction, upon their equal rights with their fellow taxpayers. "What iB the present position of affairs? Catholics are paying for the support of schools which they can neither approve of nor make use of, whilst no analagous provision has been made for them. We may be met with the cry of the 'religious difficulty.' We admit the religious_ difficulty; but that difficulty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated, by acts of extraordinary unfairness to a large section of the community. The'religious difficulty' exists iu Ireland, and still more in England. But whilst the Catholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a less and less share of justice. Whilst the small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education, in even handed justice, we, here, are retrograding, and are aggravating that onesidedness and unfair ness from which the broad spirit of a growing liberality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a mono poly of even-handedness? Why should not we walk in the broad footpath of her legislation on this question, and learn from her great states men bow to solve the ' religious difficulty' by the British panacea of fair play? And how can this principle of fair play be applied ? The answer is simple. Introduce payment by re sults in place of the present unjust and galling system. According to this method, whilst no creed is subsidised, each section of the com munitv receives equal assistance with the other, according to ascertained results (by Govern ment inspection) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds are made use of for what all admit to be a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sect, indeed, would be deprived of a monopoly; but then a wide spread irritation springing from a cruel wrong would give way to happiness and peace through out the colony. Neither Catholic nor Pro testant would be called upon to support creeds whioh they condemn, nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of the community to the exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair play and no favoring for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated. Is not this a broad and intelligible platform, upon which every just and honest man would naturally take his stand ? If there be a widespread sense of justice in the land, aswe firmly believe there is, is there not some power amongst us that will rouse it into action ? Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsibilities; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter; and never cease in theii per severing their organised importunity until they have obtained those rights which no man can refuse them without self-evident injustice. •• Dearly beloved,' Watch ye, stand fast in the faith, do manfully, and be strengthened.' 'Keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace; one body, one Spirit, as yon are called in one hope of your calling; one Lord, one faith, one bap thm; one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in us all. May the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things, that your whole spirit, and soul, and body may be preserved blameless in the coming of oar Lord Jesus Christ. " Given at our meeting in Sydney, June, 1879, and ordered to be read in all churches and chapels on Sunday. " Rogeb Bede, Arohbishop of Sydney. " Matthew, Bishop of Bathurst. " James, Bishop of Maitland. "WnxiAM, Bishop of Goulburn.'' 