PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. (t'itOM OUR MKMOLUXE COKP.MPOXIJENT.) LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, 15th October. Tho President took the chair at L'S minutes to five. , ,Mr. Sargood asked Mr. Cuthbart whether tho retiiyl telatiug to tlie coat of drafting lillla was rca iy. , Mr. Cuthbirt sai.l he bad heard nothing from tho Attorney-General on the subject, but would communicate with him again. ;ilr.. Liritner gave notice of his intention to move for a return of supernumariifs appointed to anil- discharged from the Government Printing office since May, 1S77. In reply to Mr. lloss, Mr. Cuthbert said he was not aware whether the system continued of giving free railway passes to persons wishing to proceed up country in search of work. The House went into committee on the Bill to Rcforji tho Constitution of tho Council. Mi*. Sai-good th ught th.it the general wish of the llou-e yesterday was that the bill should be proceeded with, and that Mr. Cuthbert should take charge of it. (Hear, hear.) The House, he believel, would thoroughly support the lum. mem b -l- if ho toolc charge of the bill, and if necessary, he would move a motion to that effect. Mr. Anderson remarked that it was pretty well arranged yosier-lay that Mr. Cuthbert should take charge of the bill. Mr. Cuthbert: Mr. Jenner, I accept the posi tion. (Hear, hear.) I think it is a pity that the bill should be lost. All the important clauses have been fully deliberated upon by the Council, and very little remains to be done, as the clauses from •19 to the end simply provide means by which bribery is to be prevented at elections. We shall then have to go back to the postponed clauses, and bo far as they are concerned I shall a ik lion, mem bers, to assist me as far as they can. I think, however, that the duty devolving upon me will be very light, because I intend to substitute for these clauses some taken from Sir Charles Sladen's bill of last session. It will facilitate the passing of this bill if we take those clauses, as all the machinery is there provided. As to making any alteration in the b mndaries of provinces, I have no intention whatever of doing so. The re maining clause;, with t-be exception of those post poned, having been disposed of, Mr. Reid moved the insertion of the fallowing clauses:— A. Notwithstanding anything contained in tho Constitution Act, it shall not be lawful for the Legislative Council to reject any Annual Appro priation Bill, unless by any provision therein some important question of policy is virtually de termined. li. In the event of the legislative Council rejecting any Annual Appropriation or other Bill in which some important question of policy is virtually determined and thereby rendering it necessary or expedient for_ the responsible Ministers of tho Crown to advise a dissolution of the Legislative Assembly, if the Governor slull 'think tit to dissolve the said Assembly, lie shall also at the same time dissolve the Legislative Council likewise, notwithstanding anything to the cmtraryin the Constitution Act. C. If after such dissolution the Legislative As sembly shall pass such rejected bill, and the Legislative Council shall not pass the same, the bill may be submitted to a joint meeting of the members of • both Homes, who shall sit and vote together on a diiy or days to be named by a pro clamation of the Governor. At such joint meeting the bill may he altered rejected or passed, and the decision of such meeting shall be deemed to be the decision of tlie Legislative Assembly and Legisla tive Council respectively and shall be certified and authenticated accordingly. D/ The Legislative Council or Legislative As sembly may from tima to time make standing rules and orders providing for the conduct and proceedings of the joint meeting. All such rules and orders shall .become of force immediately they are coucurrod in by both Houses and approved by tho Governor. He thought that if these clauses were added to the bill it would be carried in the Lower House, but that unless there was a provision for concurrent dissolutions th»re was not the ghost of a show of it passing in', another place. ' [Left sitting. 1 