CORPORATION INDEBTED- NESS. WE are pleased to notice that our Town Council have resolved to ask the ratepayers to authorise them to borrow a further sum of £1,000 to enable them to clear off all the liabilities now due on the Town Hall buildings. Whatever dilifeivnee of opinion there may be as to the wisdom of the work having been undertaken at all, and it is well known that there are ratepayers who think a mistake was made, there can be no two opinions that liow it has been carried out the money must be provided to pay the piper, and we think the Council have suggested the wisest course of action. We hope there will be no difficulty placed in the way of the Council obtaining the loan. With reference to the proposal to establish a sinking fund of £200 per annum, we quite agree with the principle, hut we think that half that amount would have been sufficient, and thus the time for repayment extended to 10 years. We hope this will be done. THE TRAMWAY.—The Gawler Tramway is fast approaching completion. Only a little now requires to be done at its terminus, at the north end of Murray- street. It is to be feared, however, that as the points are fixed in the very middle of the street just opposite the monument, where there is so much traffic, there will be both much delay aud confusion in their working. WELL MERITED.—Visitors to Gawler who have paid a visit to the Institute, as well as the subscribers, must have often felt grateful to Miss Kttbne, the young lady employed by Mr. Lane at the Institute. Her unvarying courtesy and attention to the wants of those needingher services have oftenbeeuremarked and we think the Institute Committee did a very graceful act in voting her £5 at their last Committee meeting as some slight recognition of their appreciation. ACCIDENT.—A serious accident, and one which threatened to end fatally, happened to Mr. Turner, draper, Murray-street, and his mother on Wednesday. It appears they had both been paying a short visit to the North, and when returning home on Wednesday, having got near Port Wakefield, the horse Mr. Turner was driving by some means or other managed to get the winkers off, and bolted. The buggy was capsized and broken, and Mrs. Turner was thrown violently out. Her left shoulder was dislocated, aud her face aud left side considerably bruised. She was brought home on Thursday morning, having suffered excruciating pain most of the way. Drs. Popham and Dawes were immediately in attendance, and succeeded in reducingthe displacement. It was feared, however, that she would succumb to the very severe injuries she had received. On enquiries being made yesterday we learn she is pro gressing favorably. SCOTCH IMMIGRATION.—The ship Loch Tyne is on the way out to the colony with over 400 emigrants from Scotland. A great number of good domestic servants are on board. DROWNED.—Captain Harris, of the steamer Wakefield, was drowned on Tuesday morn ing at the Port. An inquest was held, and a verdict returned of " Found drowned. He leaves a widow and seven children at Stansbury.—On the same day, aud at the same place, a boy named Hodge, who was fishing, fell off Jervois Bridge, and was drowned. MKBSKS. MAKTIN & Co.—We are very pleased to hear that the above firm is not confined to South Australia for customers. They have sent reapiug-macluues this season to New Zealand, Victoria, aud New South i Wales, notwithstanding that the Victorian Government has placed a duty of 20 per cent, upon imported machinery. Some little time ago a correspondent of the Argue pointed oKt the fallacy of these protective duties, and quoted this very instance of strippers (as they are called) in support of his arguments. The Leader (the Melbourne protectionist organ) denied the truth of these statements, aud said that machinery could be made better and cheaper in Victoria than South Australia. We are glad, however, to be in such a good position to deny these latter statements, and to positively assert that, notwithstanding that Victorian farmers have to pay a duty of from £15 to £20 on each machine, orders are sent to Gawler for tliein. Messrs. Martin & Co. have made over .500 reapers this season. GAWLER WATERWORKS. — Mr. Oswald Brown, Hydraulic Engineer, was in Gawler Thursday. He inspected some work Messrs. Martin & Co. are doing for his department, and then proceeded to Lyndoch Valley for the purpose of obtaining information in connection with the supply of water to Gawler. BUSINESS.—The late Christmas is spoken of generally by our tradesmen as one of the dullest for trade for many years. Very little business was done in the town, and the streets seemed very quiet. POST-OFFICE RETURNS.—A return, prepared by order of the House of Assembly, has just been printed showing the number of letters received and dispatched by the various Post-Offices of the colony and the cost and revenue of each office. In the year 1877 there passed through the G.P.O. Adelaide 5,S13,4S9 letters. T.ie cost of the office was £8,688 14s. 5d., and the revenue £6,877 4s. 10J. The next largest on the list is Port Adelaide, with 715,503 letters, with cost £1.56116s. 7 Gawler comes next, being far ahead of all the rest, with letters 253,018 letters, cost £510 7s. 8d., and revenue £1,327 lis. 4d, It will thus be seen that the revenue of our local office is nearly three times that of its cost. COMMERCIAL BANK.—Extensive alterations are bsing made in the premises now occupied by this Bank. From its favorable situation and the well- known character of its Manager (Mr. A. G. Cranz) we should imagine a good deal of business will be done there. THE REV. G. G. HOWDEN.—The Congregational Church at Burwood, near Sydney, was burned down and totally destroyed last week. The origin of the fire is unknown. The building had but recently been enlarge 1, and this accident will«ntail a loss of about £2,000 upon the members of church and congregation. The minister of the place is the Rev. G. G. Howden, at one time resident in Gawler and minister of the Congregational Church in this town. Many of his friends hare will regret to hear of this misfortune which has befallen his place of worship. THE LATE MR. HOWARD CLARI.—Au oil painting by Mr. McC jrm ick of the late Mr. John Howard Clark was hung in the readingroom of the South Australian Institute last Tuesday. It will be remembered that Mr. McCormack painted the portrait of Mr. James Martin and tbe late Dr. Nott, which are in the reading-room of our local Institute. IMMIGRANTS.—The ship Salisbury, after a protracted voyage, arrived on Wednesday from London, with over 500 immigrants, many of whom are domestic servants. THE LATE LOAN.—The unsold balance of the last South Australian loan has been disposed of in London at the very low average rate of £8S 5s. The credit of the colony has therefore depreciated at home. LIBRARY CATALOGUE.—A supplementary catalogue of new books in the library of the Institute is to be issued annually on or about March 1. We hope in future that the compilers will strive as far as possible to place the names of authors in alphabetical form. Much of the value of the original catalogue is impaired for want of this arrangement, and to find out the various works of authors oue is compelled to turn over the pages of the whole section. THE REV. S. MEAD.—We are sorry to learn that this gentleman is suffering much from "writer's cramp." The use of the right thumb is almost gone, and the muscles of the right hand considerably affected. The left hand also is being similarly threatened. FIRES.—The workshops and offices of Messrs. Nichols & Co., machinists of Caltowie, were destroyed by fire on Tuesday, December 31. An enquiry was made, but nothing could be learned as to how the fire originated On the 2nd inst. a fire broke out in the shop of Mr. G. Rhodes, storekeeper, Stockport, which did a deal of damage. The cause of the fire is unknowm. DROWNED.—Eliea Reed, aged three and a half years, daughter of Terence Reed, of the Coobowie Hotel, fell into a well last Friday, and was drowned. The jury at the inquest severely blamed the father for his great carelessness in allowing so dangerous a well to remain uncovered whilst so many children were about.—A man was drowned in the North Para, atTanunda, last Saturday while bathing. HANDSOME TREE.—The attention of all gardeners is directed to a very beautiful tree —the Moreton Bay Chesnut. It grows to height of 40 feet, and has large quantities of gaudy flowers of a saffron and orange color growing on the old wood, the new growth being covered with ashlike leaves of a glossy light-green color. The tree could be easily grown here, and the flowers are rare and large and beautiful. WESLEY AN.—At the quarterly meeting of the Mount Gambier Circuit held last month it was unanimously resolved (says the Narracoorte Herald) to invite the Rev. J. Y. Simpson to the circuit this year. The stipend was raised to £250 per annum. THE WORKING OF THE TRAMWAY.-Oar readers will notice that fresh tenders are to be called for working the tramway. There i j to be a fare charged between Gawler and the Railway Station, and tenderers ai* to fix this. The description of carriage used is to be the same as that on the Adelaide and aurburbau lines, and those who have used them are very pleased, the outside Beats being es} eeia'.ly pleasant on a fine day. We do not know what the fare is likely to be, but as we do know that a person can ride from Adelaide to Kensington, a distance of four miles for 3d., surely it will not be fixed at a very large sum. INSTITUTE HAIX.—This large hall is to be made still larger, and its accommodation increased. At the meeting of the Institute Committee on Monday it was resolved to call for tenders at once. The platform is to ba lowered, and by the wall under the archway being removed room will be made for it behii d. SPIRITUALISM.—A lecture on this subject is to be given in the Hall of the Institute on Wednesday evening next by our townsman, Mr. W. A. Jones, F.L.S. The announcement that the lecture will be illustrated by scientific experiments will ensure a good attendance. THE U.S. MINSTRELS.—These old favorites piid Gawler another visit on Wednesday and Thursday last, Janu jry S and 9. Tiie Institute was not so crowded on Wednesday evening as we should have liked to see, but nevertheless there wa3 a good attendance, and the hearty manner in which some of the company were received showed they had lost none of their popularity. The merits of these minstrels bsing so well known we need not particularise. Mr. L. Braham's song, Hark the Drum," was rendered in such a manner as to receive a well-merited eucore. "Good Night, little Daisy" was given by Mr. W. Hawkin's in a very pleasing style, and was also encored. Messrs. Hudson and Holly were as funny as usual, and kept the house in continued' roars of laughter. The first part concluded with the sketch of " Brown's Horse." In "the second part there was the usual negroisticdrolleries, after which Mr. E. Amery gave that ever-welcome song, "Nancy Lee," with good effect; and Mr. K-."hler followed with a solo on his new instrument, the ocarina, which seemed to be much appreciated. Mr. W. Hawkins, the male soprano, sang " Still I Lwe Thee" in a . very lady-like way, and was twics encored, the accompaniments by Mr. Kohler being very effective. An originality was here introduced, called " The Happy Hottentots," by Messrs. Hudson aud Holly, which was very amusing.. Mr. Braham then gave in a very effective manner that old song, " Molly Asthore," and was loudly applauded.. The screaming sketch, "The Ghost in a Pawnshop" sent every one home well satisfied with their evening's entertainment. Oh Thursday evening there was a moderate attendance, certainly not so many' as 'the programme presented deserved. The whole of the entertainment was so well given that it is hardle necessary for us to particularis but to our minds the gen. of the evening was the duet, " The Moon has raised her lamp" by Messrs. Eraham and Amery, and which was enthusiastically encored. Mr. Hawkins gave "Thy Face", splenlidly, an! fully deserved the burst of apj lause wlich followed its rendering. Of Messrs. Hvdsonand Holly's comicalities little need be said ; and we can only advise those who want a laugh which' will shake them from the crown of their heads, to the soles of their feet to see the two corner m.en.. The rem tin ler of the company did their part well, and Mr. R. W. Kohler as usual was vociferously encored for instrumentation. ALMANACB.—We have received a copy-of Frearson's Almanac for the current year. It ia printed in colors, the cen'ri p : eca representing a country scene, and the margin is occupied by the calendar. It is a creditable production.—The Comet almanac is also to hand, which, though not so pretentious as the last, will be found of value. - 