CORRESPONDENCE. (Our columns are-open to all for'the f^ee discussion of public affairs, but we do natidentify ourselves withj nbr hold ourselves responsible for, the opin ions expressed by correspondents under this head.] lo the Editors of the Armadale Express. " Who made thee a Judge acd Ruler over Israel V Gentlemen—The long-expected ".de nouement" has taken place, the mighty thunderbolt ao long forging by the Cyclo pean satellites of Mr. Proctor lias at length fallen, and yet we breathe ! The barbed shaft has been too palbably envenomed to wound honest flesh ; the bolt of this nineteenth century Jupiter has failed to " strike flat tlie thick rotun dity of the world," and the individual it was specially aimed at has NOT been crushed to atoms by the mighty discharge, but rather elevated in the opinionsof men of "worth.- Surely, after the midnight vigils of the authors of the letter signed W. C. Proctor, in your last issue ; the copious extracts declaimed to admiring Arabs at street corners; the deep re searches through old- files of the 'Ex press' ; anything, in fact, that malice might prompt or- malevolence suggest; " the mountain" has but " brought forth a mouse." A speech delivered in public by. Mr. John Moore, manly and straightforward in tone, has been pitched upon by this precious crew, nominally represented by Mr. Proctor, as a proof that J. M. op posed the Railway, merely because he stated * candidly, and before a public meeting, tfiat it suited him better, some time back, to use the Grafton line in the transit of goods and produce. Was Mr. Moore the only person who patronised the Grafton line at that time ? Better surely to speak the dictates of the fleart in public than to skulk behind the hedge, and, with sneering remarks, decidedly injure the prospects uf the dis trict by jealous condemnation of a man who has done more lasting good to this district than Mr; Proctor could ever hope to effect in centuries., Mr. John Moore was hot alone in his advocacy of the Grafton line at the time Mr. Proctor alludes to, but Mr. Thomas, of Saumarez, a name respected through out New England, and other leading spirits, gave their support to a speedy outlet to the East, as the rail had not advanced further than Singleton. At that very time .wheat,, flour, &e.;, could find no certain market iu New England, which fact must be yet fresh in the re collection of old residents; and, by the energy of Mr. John Moore and other gentlemen, large quantities of wheat and flour were disposed of via Grafton, and the tone of the market raised. If my memory serves me, by this very Grafton line, wheat was sent by Mr. John Moore, which took the first prize at the Agricultural Society in Sydney, at the exact time Mr. Proctor speakB of. Was this a proof that J. M. was attending only to his own interests ? Can anyone in his sober senses blame a shrewd business man for getting his goods by the cheapest and most direct route, when the rail was slowly dragging its length through Sin gleton ; or can true patriots withhold their praise from that individual who found an outlet for produce to the East; when,' between the Southern railway sta tion and ourselves, (be market was choked by producers, while the population of the Southern townships furnished but a li mited supply of consumers ? Now for the logical utterances of Mr. Proctor. 1. "All who opposed the rail to Armidale retarded the progress of the district." 2. " Mr. John Moore opposed the rail to Armidale." 3. " Therefore he retarded the progressof the district." Now a syllogism is not perfect,' unless the major, and especially the minor propositions afe just and true.- As to thesecondand import ant minor proposition, that would be. un just and untrue, since there was no direct opposition . to the rail on Mr. Moore's part, therefore, the opening of the Graf ton line, if even considered opposition, would be of a negative, and not of a positive character, and not .likely to re tard any Government from pushing for ward the rail to Tarn worth, or prevent the State from completing a national un dertaking. But, after" the.line reached Tamworth, when it was feared Iiiverell would secure the Western line, in preference to the Northern continuation, then indeed'op position would: have a ■ positive effect, or doubts and fears instead of untied ac tion, would tend to strengthen Mr. Proc tor's famous syllogism, by truth of the se cond End minor proposition, viz. : " J. M. opposed the rail to Armidale," and the whole syllogism would partake of the na ture of an Epichimera, which contains positive proof. of the major and minor clauses before the whole inference is de duced. Therefore, Mr. Proctor's syllog ism may be almost classed as that known as a faulty dilemma," which, if Mr./P. really understands logic, he must know contains an assertion of a part which is not juBt, for then the minor proposition is not.true, and no justconclusion can be drawn. _ So, unless Mr. Proetor can prove direct and active opposition/which would affect the progress of the rail from Singleton, his attempted argument falls to the ground like a pack of cards, and certainly a better knowledge of the strict rules of logic might reasonably be expected from n lawyer. But how different, gentlemen, is the real state of the case to Mr. Proctor's absurd statement, " Mr. J. M. opposed the rail to Armidale." No man could, or did keep, the importance of a dire* line of rail more persistently before succ< sive Ministries than Mr. Moore, and coi pared with those vigorous and powerf exertions, Mr. P.'s best efforts have bei puny and futile. The question vitally affecting this di trict is, "Are we going to get the it now V' to which, thanks to Mr. Moor< exertions, a most assuring reply has be< received. Why does Mr. Proctor so pe siatently rake up the ashes of a dead ar buried past, to exhibit to the publi What ? That Mr. Moore was not at oi Eiriod an actual member of the Raiiwi eagoe, because he preferred a speedi and cheaper transit, to and from thenea est sea port, not only for store goods, bi for the produce of our district. Let M P. in raking over wasted embers, bewai leBt he raise worse ghosts than thoi phantoms of his own creating, which 1 thrusts forward to scare the public mini It would take a more powerful pen ths Mr. Proctor's, and more wisdom than 1 and his grim familiar possess betwec them, to shake the confidence of tl public in Mr, John Moore, or cause the to doubt for a moment the continue proofs of zeal in their" united welfar Each Spiteful attack of Mr. Proctor's bi weakens his own cause, and serves but1 raise Mr. Moore in the estimation of h New England friends. In conclusion, as Mr. P. displays " penchant'^ for Scriptural and other qui tationBj I will indulge his ardent temper ment with a view which may be appli able in his case. • Here is a scriptural t bit to start with. "Judge not, that i be not judged !" And I think) ^ef&rS;'iffr.. P. tries any longer the silent patience of' a much enduring public, he wilhdo wisely ] to digest this. Now for a morsel of Latin, though I am forced to crib it: " Ne sutor ultra crepidam." And thirdly, a Shake perian quotation— . "Jealous souls will not be answered so. They are not ever jealous foe. the cause ; But jealous for they am jealous; 'tis a monster Begot upon itseif, born of itself." Thanking you, gentlemen, for the nrivi lege accorded, and enclosing my card, am, yours truly, NEW ENGLAND. 