PARLIAMEOTABY. THE SEWAGE SITE. : On Thursday the Commissioner of Public Works brought forwardin the Assembly his motion affirming that .it is ; desirable to fix the site of the proposed sewage farm at or near Tarn O'Shanter Belt. This was the natural result of the "sewage farm picnic" that -was given by the Government at the suggestion of Mr. West-Erskine. It was felt that, having asked honorable members to in spect the rival sites, it was only reasonable and courteous to afford them a proper Opportunity to state the impressions they had formed as a consequence of their investigations. Mr. Hawker dealt with the matter in .a very lucid, able, and ex haustive speech, which gave evidence' that he had bestowed a great amount of atten tion to a subject with which he* does not profess to hhve. any pfofessional acquain tance. His audience, though not large, was an ^attentive onej and doubtless profited by the arguments ' and - facts brought before them. At the out set Mr. Hawker - dwelt upon "the vast expense that would be caused to the country if a mistake were made in the first selection of the site. This must be obvious to any one who gives any consideration to the matter. If the place chosen is found unsuitable from the nature of the soil or the insufficient area of the farm, there will afterwards be an-expenditure of an immense amount of money to construct a sewer to another locality, where land will have to he purchased at probably a much greater price than it can be obtained for now. Mr. Rees. points out that it is common enough in England for a work of this sort to he enlarged years after it has been supposed to be completed, and for fresh sites for sewage farms to be purchased if necessary. This may be true enough, but we should not incur such an expense, if it can he avoided by caution in the measures adopted in the first in stance. In choosing between the Findon and Tarn O'Shanter sites there are three "principal points to be considered. The question of facilities for taking the sewage to the sea may he dismissed, as this will never be done, because it will be wholly unnecessary. The direction of the wind is of no import ance, as the sewage farm if managed pro perly will cause no nuisance, and will-not endanger the public health. The matters upon which the decision should turn are tne cost, the quantity of land available, and the nature of the soil. Upon the two first points the advantage is very greatly in favor of the Tarn O'Shanter site. It has been made pretty clear that over £30,000 will be saved by taking the city sewage to that spot. Then twice or thrice as much land can be obtained there as in the neighborhood of the Reedbeds. The difference of opinion between persons who believe in the'system of city drainage adopted by the Parliament nar rows itself to, the question of soil. Mr Brown, who, it seems has made city drain age and sewage farms his special study, and has won some distinction as an authority upon the subject, says that the soil at Tarn O'Shanter is better suited for his purpose than than at Findon. In, this view he is supported by Mr. George Francis, the well- known analytical chemist, who has made analyses of both soils. "We are informed that Mr. Tate also favors the Government site. Against the opinions of these gentlemen no one of scientific or professional knowledge, except Mr. Rees, has, as far as we are aware, declared himself. He |ia entitled to l?e listened too with respect upon this matter. He proposed years before Mr. Clark came to Adelaide substantially the drainage scheme recommended by that eminent engineer. ,We do not think, however, that Mr. Ree3 ■ is correct in his statements with reference to the land at Tarn O'Shanter. On the sections the Government propose to use .the water is not within four feet of the surface, but is eight, ten, and twelve -feet below it. . Then Mr. Bees exag gerates the amount and stiffness of the clay there, and is in error with respect to -the land holding water, for as a fact the water soaks through very readily, as we know, from personal inquiries - made of farmers living on the spot. The state-, ments that nave been published with regard to , clay.. and water lying on; the,surface of the ground are true of; spots/in the vicinity, but not generally of the ground.:the. Government wish to acquire. There was some force in Mr. West Erskine's remark that the excellence of the site for a sewage farip. from an agricultural point of view is quite secondary in im portance to the great object of getting the sewage away from the city as cheaply as possible consistently with efficiency. Pro vided that the soil is absorbent enough its poorness does not signify; that fault will be cured by the sewage.' It is gratifying to note how the opposition to deep drainage has died away, and this great question having been settled in Adelaide after a hard contest it is to' he hoped that the completion of the scheme that will make this city one of the healthiest in the world will not he delayed by;disputes about details. Mr. Henning on behalf of Mr. Rees moved as an amendment to the motion that the matter be referred to a Commission, but the probability is no useful result would arise from the labora of a Commission that would simply present facts already known, ^arid take the evidence of experts whose opinions are already in the possession of the Assembly. . On the motion' of Mr. Peacock the debate was adjourned till the 15th insfc. At the Theatre Royal, on Thursday evening, the drama of "Jane Sbdre" was re peated to a well-pleased auditory. . This evea . ingMra.G. B.W. Lewis will make her appearance as PegWoffington in the_ admirable comedy " Masks and Paces/- and the oharacfcer is one in which the .lady should distinguish herself. On Saturday the burlesque of " Bluebeard" will be presented. There was an excellent .house at White's. Rooms on Thursday evening, cwhen Mr. D'Arcy Read£ clever-ghost illusion was repeated, and a' number of valuable articles were distributed as ; gifts, inolnding a gold watch and a silk dress. Mr. Read announced that the performance this evening would be nnder the special patronage of 'His Excellency:the Governor, and thai on Saturday afternoon a matinee would be held for schools and families. •i Mr. Frank Moore, the champion swimmer' of South Australia, has accepted the challenge of the Victorian champion to swim three dis tances for a trophy and added money. Arrange?, ments will -be made next Monday, and the match will probably come off early in Novem ber. Great interest is attached to this contest, . as Mr. Mclndoe intends going home to try his strength against the Englishmen should he be victorious here. . On Thursday evening the members of the Black Diamond Minstrel Troupe gave an enter tainment at the City Mission Hall, which was. filled to overfiowing. The performers acquitted themselves on the whole very creditably, although it was manifest that an improvement might have been effected bad the orchestra been more proficient. ' The vocalism was in some instances very good indeed, and the funny ele ment was fairly sustained. Songs were given by Messrs. OrCooper, A, Billin, J.Gratzinacher, S. E. Evans, W. Collins, and J. Veysey. Messrs. S. E. Evans and A. Billin sang a duet in good style, Mr. Veyseycontributed what was termed " Banjoistic effusions," Mr. Collins made a sort of stdmp speeoh " Revised History of England," which created. roars of laughter, and Mr. C. Webster gave a song and dance'very creditably. Mr. T. De Vere, of the Australian Minstrels, gave a specimen of his ventriloquial powers, and was heartily applauded. The - first portion of the . programme concluded with a comic performance by Mr. O. Mathews and other members of the. troupe, entitled "Branigan's Band." The entertainment closed with. q fwpce, " The Haunted Nigger." 