THE NUMBER THREE. Perhaps the following, which I have sought for and copied from three Bources, may suggest an idea., and so be of some service and interest to the numerous readers of the Christian Colonist:—The Creation, then, is our starting point. We have land, water, and sky, sun moon, and stars. Noali had three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth. There were three Patriarchs, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Abraham entertained three angels. Those famous dreams of Pharoah's baker were to come to pass in three days. The ten commandments were delivered on the third day. Job had three friends. Samuel was called three times. SamBon deceived Delilah three times before she discovered the source of his great strength. Daniel was cast into the den of lions for praying three times a day. Shadrach, Meshech, and Abenego were cast into the fiery furnace, and Elijah prostrated himself over the dead child three times ere his spirit came back. Jesus only spake once to the little maid, to the widow's son, and to Lazarus—an only daughter, an only son, and an only brother. Peter deniedhis Lord thrice. This called forth a thrice-repeated name, a thrice-repeated question, and a thricerepeated answer. " Simon, lorest thou me P" Jesus prayed three times in the garden. Paul besought the Lord thrice. Jonah was three days and three nights in the fish's belly. Jesus rose the third day from the grave. There were three crosses—Christ in the midst, the dividing line between the believing and the unbelieving world. The sacred letters over the cross are three—I.H.S. The Roman motto was composed of three words— "In hoc Signo." There are three conditions of man—earth, heaven, and hell. In the Holy Trinity three persons are acknowledged—Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Paul speaks of three Christian graces—faith, hope, and charity. These three grow in grace. In Mythology there are three graces—Cerberus with his thi-ee heads; Neptune holding his three-toothed stafi. The Oracle of Delphi cherished with veneration the.triphod, and the Nine Muses sprang from three. In nature we have male, female, and offspring ; morning, noon, and night. In food—flesh, fi««li, and fowl, and the t'aree-leafed clover. In the Parable of the Leaven we have three measures of meal. Nor do we forget the triangle in rnrthematics, nor the power of the wedge in macbanics, and irf logic three premises are indispensable, with many others that might be gathered.— JOHN REN^EY, Y.P. 