Archbishop Vaughan at St. Mary's, His Graco Archbishop Vaughan, at St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral last Sunday, roTiowed at great longth tho. incidents of tho present educational discussion. Thoro wore not less thau 5000 present, and thc doors wore blocked toa dopth of 25 or 30 feet. A number of iniluentinl gentlemen, nianyof these uot Catholics, wcro admitted to tho sanctuary from which thc address was dolivored, and among those present wcro tho Hou. E. A. Bauer (Minister for Mhv.'s). Mr. Alex ander Stuart (new Agont-Qcncr.il), Mr. Brunker, Mr. Tajor, M.TJ.A.. Mr. D. O'Conuor,' W.L.A., Very Jîcv, Dr. Gillett, Vory Rev. Dean Sheridan, V.G., Very Kev. Dean Kenay, Kcvs. AV. Taylor, James Moudari, Sheridan, P. Kyau, M. ll. Kyan, J. Fleming, P. Dalton, Messrs. M. D. Donovan, J. J. Moore, F. Browne, James Toohey, James Butler, T.M. Slattery, F. J.M'Curfchy, aud Dr. M'Donagh. His Graco tho Archbishop said : Since I was capable of looking out upon the world and watohing the religious movements of my fellow-men, I havo boen struck with tho fact that, notwithstanding tho confusion which envelops tho great struggle of humanity, there aro two camps and two armies over waging war. Tho confusion botwoon them ig yearly growing less, and Christianity and free thought, affirmation and denial, aro begiuniugto divide tlio world os with a kuifo. My mind was occupied with theso thoughts when I first carno to this colony ; ard in reidy to an aitdress presented to me in May, 1874, by the then rector and follows of St. John's u'ollcge, I took occasion to enlarge upon theso views. I said that "the wavo of infidelity, which is upheaving, confusing, and, I may say, sickening thc mind of Europe, will, doubtless, in duo courso, break upon theso shores ; or, to change tho figuro, tho battle which is being waged iu the old world will have to bo fought out in tho new. There Í8 only ono reasonable courso open to thoso who profess thc Catholic religion. To disobey would bo a prevarication. Tho late Mr. Bagehot, editor of the ECONOMIST, and tho great authority nu tho English Constitution, though.farl'rom being a Catholic, has thrown our position into soclcar a light,and bas offered so reason able a justification for our believing and acting on authority, that I shall make no apology for quoting from his writings, ïou may think this superstition or madness-still, to it is; and 200,000,100 nrc mad if vi u will, anditio a n adno.-s which must be dealt with, and cuuaot be cured by harsh injustice and political enslavement, Xo disobey tho church is to prevaïicn to against God itimselfi This is a first principl of tho Catholic Church, lt is enid that I nm no politiciai but if I wcro I would be no bishop. Ho quoted fror a dialogue between St. Basil and a Roman prefest Modestus, to show his idea of the kind of politics whicl a Christian bishop should adopt. If it bo unlaw ful or wrong for tho bishops thus to Rpeak cu a matte of public aud vital iatercst, the occupation of tho churcl maj- bo said to have gone. Mr. Alexander Gordon, in hi powerful, and, I think I may add, unanswerable, lee turo at "Waverley tho other day, has quito fairl; interpreted tlio sonto of thejoiutpasioral letter with regan to thc passive so strongly commented on. I havo spokei io thc people of thoir rights, mid I have pointed ont to th Go vemmciil-to (hose in rower-their danger, not indeed o a violent explosion, but of un uncoasing, undying agitatioi which will continuo to appeal with a thousand tongue till justice ia done to tho Irish people and thd children. Yon ail know, tl o world known, what the! faith ia to them; it VA the l.ght of their eyes and th ono love of their hearts, entwined us it is with au undying patriotism, which intensifies und vivifies the very tcxtur of their religion. How can you expect thom in tliinfro< country tamely to submit to tho indignity of being lined or, 113 Judge Taaf Bays, robbed, fcectiuso they educate thor young ones according to their couscionco? Am I respon Bible for tho doep resentment that springs up epontiiueoiisl; in tho Irish heart when their faith aud their civil am religious liberty aro trampled ouP Did I build tho nioun tain, or lill it with uxplosiveinaterials? " Thoso who havi studio'1, closoly tho history and tho character of tho Irisl people," says Lecky, " eau hardly fail to bo struoK with th< deep respect for sincero religion iu every form which thé; have commonly ovinced. Their original conversion t< Christianity was probably accompanied by ^css vio lonee and bloodshed th;iu that of any equally cousidcrublo nation in Europe, and iu spite of tin fearful calamities that followed tho Reformation, it ii a motuorablo fact that not a singlo Protestant Bulleret for his religion iu Ireland during all tho perioc of tho Marian persecution in England. Let luo im plore thoso who have it in their power to avert thi persecution that ÍB impending, toread tho history of thii great people. Having done so, they will say to theniEolvos "A race so generous, BO forgiving, having <-o largo a heart a raeo that has hud BO many sorrows, such, a natioua heartbreaking-not for IOSB of sordid gain, bul for conscience sako, this raco has Buffered enough the only people in whoso history not one singlo iiago is stained with tho blood of rcligiout strife, shall now, in this freo laud, Hud pcaco." Yos, give them peace, ponce of conscience, that pcaco which tl» world oan give, by putting their children ou an equality with oth'.rB, although they bolong to, nnd aro to bostrictlj brought up in tho old religion. Fine thom not, ill-uso then not, bocauso they uro so tenacious of their Catholic fuith, Admire thom, love thom, roveronco them for it ;and in the corrupt und infidol tendency of tho ago encourage a people all you eau that still clings to tho old form«, and lovet t) woivhip at tho old altars. I: ask thou Havo not tlio gouorous Irish peoplo suffered enough nt English hands '( Is it politic, is it wiso to irritate thom justin that one thing which thoy lovo best, and regarding which thoy aro so deeply sensitivo I1 Ic it worthy, ÍB it not folly, to imagino that what tho prossuro of ponai times could not effect, could bo cfïcctod in u free country in this nineteenth century ? Let thom havo peace and rest and freedom, and equality at last, that noble, gouo rous peoplo which uevor retaliated by religious persecu tion upon thoso who had GO ruthlessly persecuted thom. Let tho fnir sun shine upon an united, happy, and con tented peoplo j and if a largo and po warf ul section of tho community eo strongly desire such a system of education ns tho mother country has ndoptod, why r¿fuso eo reason able a domand? Thoy do not desire to touch your schools; they are content to let yon havo your way, why not permit thom to havo theirs ? There is no country in tho world so freo ns England. Hor principles on educa tion aro the admiration of all freo men. Whon tho French Government was picpariug to persecute Catholic educa tion in Franco, Professor Mirnrt, and a host of loading English scieutifio gentlemen, protested against tho pro posed tyranny in nioinorablo words, which it would be well for every man and woinax iu tho colony to ponder on. In ono word, schools and training colleges in England aro assisted by tho State on tho principle of pay ment by results, lt is for t.iis British freedom and fair play that wo contond. Tho method is English, nnd equitable, and it would satisfy tho Catholic body. "Wo must keep our children, nnd wo must not bo placod at a disadvantage for doing so. And if, through premire, wo aro obliged to chooso be tween tho two, wo must not hesitate, wo must keep thc children. This is the pivot, mark you, my friends, ou which tho whole question turns. They who fret hold of tho children win tho battle. Thoso who seoure the children secure tho army of tho futuro, nnd havo tho train ing of the soldiors of tho future If wo lot our children Blip out of our hands, in a fow genera tions Christianity will bo but the ghost, thcompty mockery of what it was. Thc old Paganisms will toko possession of tho world, intensified by modoru refinement and tho vices of tho nineteenth century. Tho enemy know as well as wo know, that all depends upon tho ono cardinal question: Who has tho children ? 'Tho now iniquitous bill is so framed ns to oonstraiu, by every artful devico, Catholic parouts to givo over their offspring to that method of training which, finally, will rob them of nil their Catholio iustinots, and of that precious gift of God, thoir Catholio faith. Tho lowering of fees, tho establish ment of grammar schools, withouthelpto us j the ruthless destruction of our denominational schools-in whnt direc tion doos vandalism poiut? It points clearly ns aflngor postiu ono distinctdiroction, towards driving the children of tho great Anglican communion and of tho Catholio Church bodily over to tho non-conformists. "What, then, I is our paramount duty in this preat crisis ? "Wc have two duties to perform. "What is of first, of most momentous importance, is to keep Catholic children to Catholic schools. At any prico, at any sacrifico, do this ; cost it what it will, still dotorniinobefove the grcnt God of Heaven that you will protect those helpless souls for which our Kedcomor died. Lot not our opponents get hold of ono of them. Look upon oach fingió one gono ns one that is lost. Noxt, strivo all you can for your rights -for fair play, such as is found iu England. Rost not till justico is dono you. It may not bo done to day or to-morrow, but finally it will bo dono. Our fellow colonists will seo what wo aro aiming at-nt keeping the great Christian roligion from being poisoned, and from dying gradually ou t. Mr. Bookbind is right. "Wo shall »ot bo found wanting in tho day of trial. Mark overy man who votes on that 2Gth clause. Romcmbcr that a day of account will inevitably come. Let no return no more bud Catholics to Parliament to trado on the Catholic name auddisgraoo tho Catholic canoe. Let un support good true Catholics and liberal ProtCBtauts, Uko Mr. Tooth, who will staud up for denominational schools, or for payment by. results. Surely tho Catholio Church and the Church of England, who, herc, at all events, have a common cause- however they mny otherwise profoundly differ-can staud four square in strength and save tho Christian religion in tho land. Thcroarothousandsiuponthousandswhoare with us, thousands who raise up their voicos for us in this great strugt'lo for our Master ; and if wo arc only true to Him, to ourselves, and to one anothor, wo shall inevitably gain all wo want-equality with our follow-colonists, aad the re monstrance of tho Christian religion in this land. How .ira you to obtain this act of justice ? Thero aro three things that I strongly recommend:-A universal temporáneo movement through the colony ; for if Catholio mou and women kept from publichouses, they would soon seo tho imperious necessity of keeping thoir childron from public schools ; secondly, that every man, woman, and child who is capable of doing so should go regularly to confession, and place themselves in the.graoo of God, for I oaanot beliovo that tho Mnstor's blessing will attend thoso whoso consciences arc perhaps black with mortal sin; thirdly, I say join, every ono of you, the education union that is being established, or shortly will be established throughout the length and breadth of tho colony. TJniou is strength, and if all of you live sober lives aud havo thc grace of God in your hearts, and the holy fear of Him before your eyes, and if you are united, I will answer for it, many years will not pass before the groat Catholic body in this freo land obtains that emanci pation from political slavery under which, at prosont, partly, I daro say, through our own fault, it miserably groans. I look to tho advancement and tho interests of tho colony. Ilovo tho home of my adoption, and hope to spsnd myself, and to bo spent, in maintaining in my pince, and according to my measure, that sentiment of universal brotherhood, that spirit of loyal freedom,, and that obe dience to tho Constitution amongst my people, which are earnests of thc futuro prosperity and greatuessof anation. Thc school quostion is of vital importance, of paramount concern, because on it turns, ns on a pivot, the future des tinies of this great country. And crowning victory or absoluto defeat and collapse will depend upon thc answer to a siuipto question : Who was lt that succeeded in getting hold of tko children? 