THE WEiBERG REPORT.; The report of the board appointed to "in qnire into the circumstances connected with the escape of Martin YVeiberg from the cus tody of the police," is iu the hands of the Government, and the question now to be asked is what action can be taken on that jumble of facts, surmises, contra dictions, absurd suggestions, and con clusions based 011 imporfect inferences / Indeed, this board deviated so widely from the objects the Government had in view that the escape of Weiborg appears to be only a subsidiary part of the subject, glanced at in their pursuit of higher game. For instance, what in tlie world had that board to do with the reward of .£500 offered by the P. and 0. Company for the recovery of the sovereigns stolen from one of their vessels, and the conviction of the thief or thieves'? yet in the fourth paragraph the report pre sumes to censure the action of the company, which, in the estimation of the board, has an immoral tendency, "as such an offer necessarily induces officers in charge of pri soners to humor them, giving latitude that tempts escape." Surely nothing can be more inconclusive than sucli arguments as these, for how could an oiler of a reward facilitate the escape of a prisoner when not only the safe-keeping but the conviction of the thief was a condition antecedent to the payment of the reward to the capLors. The investigations of the board appear to have take a very wide range, quite beyond the limits marked out for them in the commis sion from the Governor-in-Council. It would really appear that their object was to evade the main question by assuming functions and antics never contemplated by the Government when instituting this board of inquiry. What had they to do with the general dis cipline of the force or the want of a proper understanding between the detective depart ment mid the ordinary polico department ? The looseness or the tightness of discipline, and the relations between different branches of the force, were quite foreign to the simple question relegated to this board. Every man of common sense must know that in all woll organised establishments, milit-aiy or convict, there are gradations of rank, and that the officer who occupies the highest position takes the command of and is responsible to his superiors for the opera tions of any expedition he and they may be employed on. Inspector Secretan was the superior officer in the expedition when Weiberg escaped, so, of course, every order and command given issued from his lips, or was sanctioned by him. Had he ordered the prisoner to be kept ill handcuffs, neither Duncan nor Mahoney dared gainsay his command without an infraction of duty that would involve his dismissal from the service, and other punishments proportionate to the incidental gravity of the ollenco. It is, therefore, preposterous to try and shelter the senior officer from all complicity in the misadventure by attempting to transfer all the blame from his shoulders to one or other of his two subordinates. The first nine paragraphs of the report—to one or two of which wo will presently ad vert—are unanimously approved by the board, and • the following seven by Mr. Nimmo and Mr. Mirams, Mr. Richardson having protested against the conclusions ar rived at by his two colleagues. The 10th paragraph declares that "Detective Secrutan failed in his duty, and neglected to exercise such detectivelike vigilance as would have prevented the escapc of Weiborg." The 11th clause pronounces Detective Duncan "guilty of gross derilection of duty when he left Mahoney alone with the prisoner." The evidence, it is stated, proves that was done without any instructions from his superior officer. The 12th paragraph states that " Detective Mahoney's conduct throughout proves that from some cause or other he w;is simply incapacitated for such an im portant duty as that of taking charge of such a prisoner aa Weiberg." It would really appear as if the board, believ ing all three equally guilty by their negligence of causing the man'sescape, endeavored to save from censure the commanding officer of the expedition, and the second in command by abandoning tlie junior detective, Mahoney, to public reprehension. The most amusing part of the report is that couched in the 7th paragraph, regarding the neglect of the ■physical training of the force. " One de tective gave as a reason why he did not pre vent a prisoner striking him, that he was not a boxer, and although regardod as the fastest runner in the colony, he excused himself for allowing tho prisoner to outrun him by stating that ho had not run for six years." The ninth paragraph, up to which the three members of theboardareunanimous, in their opinions and recommendations, de clares that the " discipline of the force, tho individual duties of the officers, and the physical training of the men, all call for the immediate attention of the Government if the work of the department is to be done efficiently." Now, in what sense are we to accept the recommendation of Messrs. Richardson, Nimnio, and Minims regarding the physical training of the force 1 I)o these three - gentlemen seriously re commend that the " noble art of self-dofeneo" shall form part of the training necessary to qualify candidates fqr the detective force ' Well, the ways of the wise are incomprehensible to ordinary mortals. Here we find the Acting-Chief Secretary and actual first law officer of the Crown prosecuting the two most accomplished professors of the "noble urf;" in the world—Mace, the champion of England, and li!oloy, the oock of the walk in tho southern hemisphere, for their physical support to a science pronounced to bo neces sary to the well-being of a most important branch of the Civil service by three dis tinguished legislators, whose piety is fire proof, and whoso moral bearing is irreproach able. After that recommendation, if wo may v.'itljout presumption ofl'er a. suggestion to tho Attorney-Uoneral wo would advise the honorable and learned gentleman at once to " throw up the sponge" by withdrawing the prosecutions against Messrs. Mace and Foley. Afterwards, per haps, cno ql' qitljer t>f these two champions, after ft coiuuetitlvo examination before the board, Mr. Mirams and Mr. Richardson being each an umpire, and Sir. Nimmo a " judicious bottleholder," may be admitted into tho Civil service as instructor in " the noble art of self-defence" to tho force. Seriously speaking, although we are far from approving of prize-fighting, the recom mendation of the board and the prosecu tions iilhided to form a striking and even ludicrous anomaly, Supplement,—A supplement ia published with this morning's issue. Tjje Attempt to Assassinate tub Emperor 01' lius.'ilA.-—'By a oajjlegraitj vine,}) tvis publish this morning, it is stated that tho name of the man who fired four shots at the Emperor of Russia is Soluvieff, who occupies the position of a schoolmaster. The 'Emperor, in replying to the congratulations which he has received, inti mated that the Government intended to adopt extraordinary measures for the repression of the secret organisations now existing. IiKyiSiaif CotllfT.—A revision court was held yesterday, but j;he only business ti':>ilia«ted v.»ab the revision of the division'of the jfjorth- Western Provinua in the electoral district for Sandhurst. Messrs, Holmes and Edwarda, Js.P,, pre sided. PyjjLtc Holiday.— We would remind per sons having husiuesa to transact at Government offices that Monday has been proclaimed a l>ubl>c holiday, being the anniversary oi the eight hours' movement. , 'i'tili llosptTAL Staff.—In connection with tho motion proposed V)v ilr. J, H. Abbott, at the meeting of the hospital committee on fihurs day, providing for the employment ol au honorary medical staff at the institution after thg retirement of the present resident aud as sistaec surgeons, v/e are informed that a meet ing of gentlemen belonging to the njedieal profes sion will bo held ' at tho hospitaf this evening at eight o'clock. Mr. Abbott's pro posal will be taken into consideration, and the opinions of the local members'of the profession learued'with reference to it'. ' Tub Exhibition.—Tlicro was a very fair at tendance at this exhibition iaat evening. A number of strangers were to bo noticed amongst those present, who seemed to take a lively pleasure in inspecting the many interesting tilings on view. The baud under Mr. Monaghan, played several selections in their usual good style. During the afternoon Sirs. Hurst rendered several pieces 011 the pianoforte, and thereby contributed greatly towards the enjoyment of the visitors. Amongst the ex hibits in the picture gallery is a semi grand piano by Bnnisinead and Sous, of London. The instrument is in walnut, aiul has bean imported by Mr. J. FairchiUl, of Williamson street. The firm from which the piano comes have gained several gold medals in Europe and America for their exhibits. This evening a concert will lie held, in which several local amateurs will take part. The programme will be found in another column. Last evening a large number of copies of the programme were siruelc oft' by means of the electric pen, under the charge of Mr, Deakin, of Melbourne, and distributed amongst the assemblage. The electric pen is always an object of great interest, and has since the opening of the exhibition been exhibited in operation by Mr. Carter, of Harkness's foundry, Jiigh-streei. The manner in which the pen perforins its work has already beon described. Tho loco motive and traction engines wore also working last night, together with several other models in tho machinery department. There will 110 doubt be a very large attcudanco at tho exhibi tion this evening, as the programme includes some choice items ot vocal and instrumental music. The money taken last evening amounted to £20. The receipts since Monday amount to £427, whilst the expenses fjr the same puriod are only £95, the very excellent profit of £332 having accrued from the exhibition duriug the live days of the present week that liava already elapsed. Uoyal Prikcess Theatrk.—The fifth night of the dramatic season by the members of tha City Di'iimatio Club was well patronised last evening, when every part of the Royal Princess Theatre was well filled. Lytton's grand play, in live act*, "The Lady of Lyou3," was per formed with moderate success. Mr. G. A. Coleman, who appeared as Claude Meluotte, delivered the speech when the counterfeit Prince describes to Pauline (Miss C. Herbert) his palace by the Lake of Como, with appro priate action and well-marked emphasis, and aB a whole Mr. Coleman 'a eoueeption of the part was meritorious, but there was somewhat of a stilted atagincas both in his make up and delivery, nearly always apparent to some ex tent in amateurs, which detracted in a mea sure from the merit of his acting. Tho two conspirators Beanaeant and Ulavis were re presented as amusing rather than subtle characters by Messrs. Walton and Hob3on. Mr. J. 15. Weller as the big-hearted aud chiY.il rous soldier of the empire, Colonel Dumai, did his best, but ho was rather overweighted, and it was impossible to disassociate him with his usual rale, which is that of low comedy. Miss C. Herbert's Pauline was not marked by any particular feature, but she was part perfect. Miss Josephine sustained the part of Madame Ueschappelles, and the minor characters wore represented by Messrs. Hunraiian, Daltou, Warren, Cooper, Wilson, Taylor, and the Misses Ward and Verner. This evening the season will be brought to a close, when the sensational drama of "Fraud and its Victims" will bs played. Fraudulent Pretences.—The young mau John Dillon who was committed for trial on a charge of forging ;iud uttering a few days since, at tho City Police Court, was bailed out of Her Majesty's Gaol yesterday by his father and mother, but was arrested at the gates on a fresli charge by Constable Gleesou, and conveyed to the lock-up. The arrest was made on a warrant issued at Echuea for obtaining money on false pretences from a mau named William Turner. The prisoner will bo brought up at the City Police Court this morning. The Easter Faiii.—There was a good at tendance at the Chinese exhibition last evening, and tho Celestials went through a varied per formance, the sham fight being greatly ap preciated and loudly applauded by the spectators. For this evening's performance a special j-ro gramme lias been prepared, in which all the best performers and musicians will appear. The other shows will also be open, and as usual tho Easter Fair will be concluded to-night. No charge will be made for admission to the reserve. The drawing of the art union for the goat, carriage I and harness takes place at the office this after noon at four o'clock, and at the samo time a col lection of miscellaneous articles will bo sold by the hon. auctioneer Mr. Putnam. Perjury.—Tho man Richard Bowman, who has been remanded several times, was yesterday committed for trial on a charge of perjury at the City Police Court. It will bo remembered that at the late inquiry which was held by Mr. Strickland, the coroner, into the origin of a fire which destroyed a house belonging to \V. 3. Best, situated in Williamson-street, Bowman swore that he was in Melbourne every day from the 28th of January last to the 19th March. He also swore that he was at Best'B dancing saloon in Spring-street from twelve o'clock noon to midnight on the Gth February, the night that the fire took place, aud that Best was also pre sent. -It was proved at the inquest by Messrs. 1 Hesse and Delbridge that Bowman accompanied them in the. train to Sandhurst on the evening of the 6th February, and shortly after the arrival o{ the traifi the lire broke out. Mr. Ellis appeared for the prisoner, and Detective Duncan prosecuted. Messrs. Holmes and Edwards, Ja.P., wero on the bench. The Weather—The wind was again from the north yesterday, aud tho weather was consequently warm, the thermometer rauging as high as So per cent, iu 'ihe shade. In the even ing the sky became clouded with dark looking, I clouds, aud a thunderstorm seemed probable, but ' subsequently a change of wind occurred, and the night was clear and cold. The accounts from tho northern district of the late rainfall show that it has not been so general as was supposed. Iu one large paddock at Hayanmi, where there were two water dams, one dam was filled tu overflowing, while at tho other, some little distance oiF, scarcely a drop of rain fell. At Kerang tho same phenomenon was noticed, as two miles from the township there was no rain, while at tho township it fell copiously. The farmers are still crying out for more to enable them 10 go cm with ploughing opera tions. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'a, fall Mall, as follows:— !) a.m., G2°; noou, S3"; 3 p.m., 81*: 6 p.m., 72"; maximum, So'; minimum, o3°. The barometer at 9 a.m. registered *2!) *740; 6 p.m., 29'6o0. Tub Hospital.—With reference to the meet ing of the hospital ooirjmitteo held on Thursday, our reporter misconceived Mr. Abbott's mean ing when representing that gentleman to have said that when Dr. Macgillivary wa3 appointed to the position of resident surgeon of the insti tution there was no other applicants, As all who are acquainted with the histqry of tho hospital know, such was not the aaso. Tj»e Om Market.—Or. Clark, nt the meet ing of the City Council yesterday afternoon, .; called attention to the necessity of the City Market being enclosed aud made secure;' in ,: order that farmers aud others might leave their j produce in the market all night. It was men tioned that some two or three yeara ago Cr. j Buckley moved in tho matter, aud it was then found that although the Council fully reeog* j nissd the advantage it would be to farmers and I others, it was found in\jjractic^ble, aa jt >yould prove inqanvonient: to tl)o public traffic. The matter was referred to the publio works com mittee to report to the Council. Land Tax Appeals.—At the Land Tax Court I on Thursday the hearing of the appeal of Charles 11\. Wheeler against the placing of his estate of 5,604 acres, county of Bendigo, iu tho third class, was finished^ The estate reduced to tho fourth cla3a. John iitterahauk aud William E.lgleatone appealed against the placing of their estate, 37,259 acres, county of Bendigo, iu the third class. Mr. Iverferd appeared for the ap pellants, and Mr. R. Walsh for the Crown. The case was not finished when the court rose. Scholastic.—Mr. D. Kennedy, principal of the Collegiate School, Mackenzie- street, notifies that his pupils will recommence their scholastic duties on Monday next, after the holidays. Mr. A. Cook, head teacher of the Camp Hill School, notifies that duties wjlj be reaujiieil on Tuesday next, '|'ho Misses Reeve, Barnard street, intimate tliat they will resume school duties on Monday next. Religious Services.—The Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne will preach at All Saints' Church to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock. At tltrwe _ o'filopl? in tjie aftsrnapn hp \yill hojd confirmation service at St. Paul's Church, and conduct divine service in the eveuiug at seven o'clock. Anniversary services in connection with tho Wesleyan Church, White Hills, will be conducted to-morrow. In the morning by: the Rev. E. W. Nye, and in the evening by the ltev. A. R. Edgar. The Rev. T. E. Ick, M.A., preaches at St. John's Free Presbyterian Church to-morrow morning aud eveuiug. At St, Andrew's Church, i\Jyers=atr&et;, tiio I^ev, Tj M Jlvenisie ]?r^sor, of Qeelong, will prcacli morn ing aud evening, i'KOFKSSOR OaVILL.—iuo channel hero, with his tv/o children, Madeline aud Charlie, will give au exhibition of swimming iu the dam of the Catherine Ileef Uuited Company, Eagle hawk, tiiis afternoon, at half-uast tiireo . o'clock. Professor Cavill has just returned from a tour in the Eciuca aud Ingle wood districts, which has proved very satisfactory. At Bridgewater he jjaye a very successful exhibition in the Loddou, m the juo^engB of i, lin-yo uttmlier of persona. The poi'foniiauoB at J&iglehawk; to-day'will be his lsst in this quarter,' as he intends to returd to Melbourne at once, aud after giving another entertainment there he will ' work along the oveiiand route to Sydney, ' ^ Tip; S:f4Tixf» Risk.—The rink lias hpen very fairly patronised during the past few days. it is* intended to opan it for the remainder oi'the nioatli on three nights a week and every after noon.' * W utDEN's Co (J ill'. —Tho only business brought before Mr. Webster, P.M., at this court yestcr the duplication of M'. }>;irkei and G; Battery, both of which were granted. An application was made by Mr. liymur for a person to be appointed to carry on the business, during the absence of the licensee through illness, of the Railway Hotel, Dowliug-strcet. As no report hud been furnished by the police Mr. Webster declined to make the order re quired, and directed that tho necessary inquiries should be made, and requested Mr. llvmer to bring tho matter up at Licensing Court on Monday next. Struct T it e f. - r l a. n Tl N a.—At the meeting of the City Council a fortnight since, the town clerk submitted a report recommending that certain street* should be planted with trees this season. On that occasion the report was re ceived, and referred to tho finance committee. At the meeting of the Council yesterday after noon Cr. Aspiuall stated that in the report some streets were included which co^tld well be allowed to stand over until next year, whilst other streets in which tree-planting should be at once proceeded with wore omitted. He moved that >1 sub-committee, consisting of tile Mayor, Cr. Bayne, and t,ho mover, being one member from each ward, should be appointed to revise the roport, and submit tho same to the Council. This was agreed to, and the sub-committee will proceed with their work at ouce, in order that the plauting may be commenced without delay. Death i'rom Rui-tuue or tub Hkai;t.—An inquest was held yesterday afternoon, at the Pwstoffico Hotel, Hare-street, upon the body of a wau named Charles Clark, mate of the Guvernmeni auagging boat Wardell, who died suddenly at the Goulburn. The evidence of Ileury Thorpe, master of the Wardell, showed that the deceased had been engaged on the boat since 1SG3. He was a native of Loudon, and unmarried. Ou Wednesday last the snag boat was at Simpson'3 crossing, on the Goulburn. The deceased arrived from Eolmca, whore he had been for a holiday with some other men, ou Wednesday last, and went on board and sat down to dinner in the cabin. He went on shore a short time, aud again returned to the boat, and sat down ou a chair in the cabin, no one ulse being present. The engineer, having occa sion to go into the cabin, found the deceased lying on his face ou the Hoot, breathing heavily. Witness thou had his attention directed to the man, who only lived live miuutes afterwards. The deceased was sober at the time of his death. He had ofteu complained of paius in the region of tha heart, Dr. Croker gave evidence to the effect that the cause of death was rapture of the heart, aud the jury returned a verdict in accord ance with this testimony. D'Aiicy Rkad's Ghost.—There was another good house at tho Masonic Hall last night to witness the 31st representation of D'Arcy Kead's Ghost entertainment. The same programme as on Thursday evening was repeated, and was well received by the audience. To-night will posi tively be tho last chance ef seeing this amusing aud ghostly entertainment, aa the hall is other wise engaged. A special farewell programme h»s been prepared for the occasion, and as the price of admission is reduced to la. to all parts «f the house, those who have not seen " the ghosts " ahould not miss this opportunity. Accident.—A niau named John Brennan, residing uear Elmore, was admitted into the hospital yesterday suffering from a compound fiaeturg of the bones of the hand aud laceration ef the tissues, through a log falling on him. Hechivisd.—We have received the American Mail arul Export Journal for the month of Fabruary. City Dramatic Club.—All accounts against tho City Dramatic Club must bo furnished to the secretary, at Webb's Hotel, not later than 6 o'clock this evening. Anniversary Tea-meeting.—On Wednesday evening next, the anniversary tea aud public meeting will be held in connection with the Wesloyan Church, White Hills. Eight Hours' Demonstration.—The com mittee meet at the Bath Hotel this evening, at eight o'clock. Tka-meeting at Sr. Paul's Church.—On Thursday nexS a tea-meeting in connection with St. Paul's Church will he held in the adjoining Bchoolroom, when addresses will be delivered by tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne, the Ven. Arch deacon Crawford, and other clergymen. Pianoforte Tuition.—Mrs. Julius Cohu, toucher of tho pianoforte, receives pupils at her residence or will visit families on moderate , terms. Thawks.—Tha teachers of St. Andrew's Church Sunday School wish to convey their warmest thanks to the friends, who assisted in conveying the Sunday school children to and from the Sheepwash oj the occasion of the late picnic. Donations.—The bon. treasurer of the Ben digo Hospital (Mr. E. F. Howard, Savings' I Bank), acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of £5 from Mr. John Pike. Contributions to the Benevolent Asylum acknowledged, with 1 thanks, by the collector:—lie v. E. T. Bickford, | 10s.; Mr. W. C. Griinley, £1 lk.; Mr. W. A., | 5».; Mr. Haurahan, os.; Messrs. Sander and Sons, 10s. Sale of Plants, Etc.—Messrs. J. Andrew and Co. will offer for sale by publio auction, at two o'clock this day, on acoount of Messrs. Mftgill and Soub, of the Surrey Hills Nursery, Sydney, a choice collection of plants, consisting of camellias, oranges, lemons, etc. Nohtjjcott's Band. — Tlie following pro gramme of music will bo played by North cott'a Volunteer Baud on the Slsamrook balcony this evening, commencing ab 7 p.m. : —Quick step, " Memories of home," H. Round; fantasia, "Cambrian echoes," Metcalfe; waltz, "Golden Dream," Rumnell; fantasia, "Oil guard," L. Bosquier; polka, "The Gem," Metcalfe; quad rille, " Old Ireland," Metcalfe; quickstep, "The same old game," H. Round; "God Save the Queen." ... Accounts.—Tho committee of the Easter Fair request that all. accounts be sent in to the manager, Mr. A. Morrison, at the office to-day, j eo that they may be passed for payment at a meeting to'be held this evening. " Argus " Scholarship for Engineering.— The following paragraph, which we clip from yesterday's Argus, and in which the names of the donors of a niuuilicent gift made eight years ago are disclosed, deserves wide publicity:—In the year 1871 Dr. Hearu was empowered by a donor, whose name was withheld, to present to the University tho sum of £1,000 for the pur pose of founding a scholarship for engineering within the University of Melbourne. The Uni versity accepted tho gift, and the scholarship was founded. Early this year, Dr. Hearn wrote and informed tho council that he was at liberty to disclose tho names of the donors, who are Messrs. Wilson and Mackinnou, of tho ArijM. The reason that the names of the donors had not been disclosed before was that the late Mr. Edward Wilson hud insisted that during his lifetime his ivur,e should not be mentioned in tho matter. Power was given to the CQnnoil to ohange the name of the scholar ship iipan the request of the representative of the donors, nnd Dr. Hearn lias written to the council to request that the foundation shall in futuro be known as "The Argus Scholarship." In compliance with that request, and in pursu ance of the power given to them by the statute, the council have made the alteration re quested. , Tub Government Piuhtek.— Mr. Perves, ttic Government printer, having tho age at i which he. can ratirp fvoju tho public service, ruiyiora have been afloat as to his probable suc cessor, hhould ho determine upon resigning. Mr. B. G. Davies, M.L.A., who is a priuter by trade, asked Mr. Berry for the appointment beforo the Premier left England; and, incase of the expected vacancy occurring, he will (the Argus states) be an applicant. Mr, Forres is entitled to a retiring allowanoa of £350 per annum, bis length of service reaching the long period of 28 years. The Telegraph states that Mr. Pones has no intention of resigning, and that there is no probability of the office be coming vacant. The" Postmaster-Gen EK.U.SIIIP.—In refer ence to the after of the Postmaster- Generalship to the Hon. R. D. Roid, au attempt has been made to prove that the whole affair was nothing but a joke. The Telegraph, however, persists in stating, "upon the very best authority," that the position was offered to both Mr. Reid and the Hon. \Y. Wilson. Our contemporary says that Mr. Berry himself, at any time since the sccejsion of. Mr. Cuthbert, would have been, delighted to have included in his Cabinet any member of the Upper House, and especially was ho anxious for this before he stn.rt.d on. his mission of moderation^ Mu.' 'M.L.A.—Mr. Johu Orr, M.L.A., addressed his constituents at Wangaratta on Thursday evening. Mr. Orr (says the Anjus) did not "conccal his Ministerial predilections, but he confessed that the "Black Wednesday proceedings had . demoralised the civil service, and he strongly condemned the admiiiiati'iitiu\» of Mi. John Woods, who, it his !\ce,&\;!,Us can be examined, will, Mr. Orr thiuus, be found to bo squander)^ money wholesale. The ■ &tay; says that some of the most popular and useful Js.r. in Ballarat are so disgusted with tiie reeeut appointments to the bench that thuy are seriously thinking of resigning their commissions. A lad named William Hogg had oue of his arras caught in a printing machine in Mel bourne on Thursday. The limb was so dread fully.crashed that amputation near the elbow was found necessary. William Leslie and Cfhaivms Roberts were botll sentenced tq two yoars' imprisonment at the Beniliquin Assizes ou Thursday for forgery and uttering. The 1'tlegraph says it was currently reported on Thursday that Inspector Secretan and Detec tive Duncan and Mahpney were all tq.^dis rated because-of Messrs, KimrsiQ' and Mii-am.'s report J't WeibaY"1^ psicap.e." Tfia first •' accident ou the G.ipps Land T^ail Wajf happened on Tuesday, when a train not notified to the gatekeeper ran throi\gV( :^u( smashed the. gates at High-street, Prahrau. 