Archbishop Vaughanv Second Pastoral. ErrrEREND jusd Dear Brethren, and Dear Child. y i, Jesus Chbist.— Though tho Catholic Church is bj faMle most formidable opponent of tho pnmt apostasy, still su is Dot its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if they possess nny Brand heart of Christianity, are compelled, in Eelf-ju-eEuivation, to set themselves against it : nor does it follow from their bcingat one in this, that they are mutual friendti; beeaULO two men, forthoir ownpriiroto reasons, hate a third mn.n, thatdoea not even tend to prove tiiat they lore each otlicr. Those who profess the Catholic faith, and those who protest npninBt tliat faith, can, for onuses known to themselves, ' and those causes may be radically different, strike out against one and the same antagonist. Thus, tlio Catholic Church and the English nation, whilst' conflicting with each other, are compelled, by force of principle, to resist the advances of tho great apostaer. The English nation, though it be not Catholic, is still in many ware profoundly Christian. For well-nigh a thou sand years Englaud lay stooped, ns in a baih of tupev natural light, in the strong Christianity of the Catholic Church ; und the benign influence of the Anglo-Saxon monarchy, ot that most touching period of England's history, still exerts a certain sway over tho people's con science. It took possession of, and moulded the national sentiment : uiid at the date of King St. Edward's death, those laws, cnstouis, and traditions, which Htill give evidence of their influence, had stumped an especial character on the national heart. The fire centuries of iforuisin.Engliiii rule consolidated and deepened the work of the previous period; andthe Catholic Church expanded in power ns she did in organisation, and became part and piurccl, not only of the law, but of the blood and heart of England. Her venerable sees, her renowned nniversities, her great monastic orders, her schools and munificent cbn rities, her large prerogatives in the temporal order, her glorious past, written on many un illuminated page, ber saints and niortrys, her king and queen, wearing the aureola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on the popular imagina tion — how could England, living for well nigh ten hundred years in such a tnrall a* this, help being permanently affected inner national character? Down to the sixteenth ceuturj- we may fairly say that the land had been living the life of theCatholic Church, as it has formed some of the most beautiful' gjages of her history. Since that date, whilst the church's authority has been rejected, many of her broad fundamental teachings have remained. IJook at the England of toniay, and saj whether or no you do not perceive in some of tne main outlines of her character, deep, indcUblo tokens of post influences. What do we see? First, a national church, with tho old cathedrals and old sees, and the Tillage churches, all pro claiming their origin in every stone of them ; a hierarchy ofarchbiBUopsjraauishopB, witlithe prayer-book and the ritunl breathing, if they breathe any breath at all, a broatii redolentof ancient days : then there are the old Universi ties of Oxford and Cambridge, seed-plots of great men in every walk of life ; and pregnant, inform and temper, with a spirit which took hundreds of years to bring to anything like verfeetion: the surface of things ii changed, but in the depths, sleeping, but not dead, the old spirit watches and protectsttie Christianity of England. The» ismuchotthe antique spirit in the high nobility — the honour; self -respect, truthfulness, honesty, and generosity of & chivalrous age. The people are, as a body, charitable, earnest, religious,and uncouqucralile in their perseverance. They love order and law; they are nonourauie in weir commercial transactions; they ore the most domcsticpeople in the world, and possess many beautiful natural -virtues, which are elevated and re fined through those traditionary principles widen, as a rait, keeps the nation aonnd at heart, anfl helps to maintain it vigorously Christian. Added to those virtues, 'ihe're is their deep love and reverence for the word of Gofl. By its means the idea of the superaatiuBal is Lent from dying out, and the thought of tine Aljuightj; Bis providenco, Christ's atonement. Bis mercy, love, and gocc become an a precious heritage amongst the people. There the great moral virtues are found illustrated sad enforce! ; and so deeply is the Bible treasured, that it ie looked upon by the masses as being as essential an element in the nation's greatness asthe majesty of the throncitaelf to its stability. Thufi/tho English people are profoundly Impressed -with the conviction that the nation's greatness and prestige spring from this principle of Christianity; that its sound ness of heart, its enterprise and its successes on a large scale, ore due in the ultimate analysis, to tho fact that the broad foundations of the empire are set in the lniudms of the gospel and the principles dictated by tiie inspired word. Almost as a consequence of this, the two leading traits of the notional character are honesty and thorough ness? and what Englishmen prize most for themselves and others is civil and religions libertr. Look at the condition of England at the present hour.. Unity of faith is gone. Its place is taken by ISO different, sects. The nation most aooept this etota of things. I«it; accordiDff'tothenntionnl^pirit to invent 'i^???^0/ luring all these religions into one P Such «n *** '.uontrt rent from the national feriing. It has notJn^B _ about ^it cither of honesty or thoroughness ; it is more . ™ ?^gf mity with a masked infidelity, and with a spirit -, \\\Sr~J with Divine things, and with God Himself, lxora »- 'I,mL°' earnest religious mind spontaneously recoils, ?t'*™; _lso being thorough themselves, like others to be thorough a's'- They infinitely prefer an outspoken, fearless enemy, K- who cringes. Though they may detest a man s ctcctI y^ method, they still more detest, they loathe cowardice x ?' him who has not courage to crpresB or to lnaintoii what in his heart he Thinks to be the mo-i Take the case of English Catholic» in English society at 3 home In thorough English Protestant society the wa- to pain influence and respect is to be thorough also. Cardinal Manning, having moved in botb societies— m Catholic and Protestant- is able to give taoont«sfab.e evidence npon tliis point. He, on Englishman, for baa hi* life an Anglican, thoroughly conversant with En£?Jf ?ways and -news, in Ms ' Miscellanies' (vol. 1. P- .»*!? writeB as follows :-'En!rH6h society, with all its vices, he says, 'does, after all, represent the EsgUshcharaoter There is something downright, manly, and decided m n, I and it respects the fame, that is, its own- qunlltUs, »* others as iuuch aB it despises and ridicules sJl servile or potty caecrnces to court its favour. Downr.'sht mascu line anif decided Catholics- more Eomon than Btane, more ultramontane than the Tope hin.self-i.jay ratter English society nnd bo treated with, pooawill anc respevt everywhere, if only they will bold their own w»h seIN respect and a delicate consideration of what is duo to others. It is this vcryboldnesswhichinspiresbothiespsct and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity, and sacento it; respected by oven- body worthy of the name of E»e«?h man No creator blunder could bo committed than to try. to propitiate Englishmen or English society by a tame,! diluted, timid, or worldly Catholicism/' Now how does all this bear upon Cathobo ejiication ? It bears upon it in the directed manner. For, if Enplish. men love nothing better thanjionesty and ?£}0.r°n&l;'|f~S even in the holding of a oraed which they think a grand misteke, they will be consistent, and will lore iMmcrty .and thoroughness in education. They will hold that,.if there must be diversity of creed, at all events there wwnld be thoroughness and honesty in tho holding to that diversity. The national honesty and thoroug-hmess/witli them, is £ potent element in national strength. V a, man be t»neto his Uod, there is a chance of hia being truo to his comury. But he who would barter away hi» religion, or treat it lifTbtly, would turn out a poor croat.nre ia the day of » nation's trial. Hence, though ho condemns: Catholicity,, I an Englishman has no faith in a lukenann Ca'aiohcmiy mure than iie has in a timid ecldier. He nays, in encct, ' Let the nation ba brought up honost and thorough, and then wo stand a chance of holding our own, and-jmaintaimng the prestige of the cmjiirc. Let the young, wlui wiU taue our places when we are gone, be drilled info this k-rcatidea. Let, all, of whnteier creed, have equal chance in .tho race, and whilst each is earnestly and thoroughly trainovl m his own rrfifion. let. nil be equally assisted in fittingvot the mind tor life'e battle when it comes.' . . .-.,„,, WlntiB\\.heco«e*quenccoi; this inosteT-pnnoplo wVicu energies no atronL'ly In the nation's liter1 It is this—that even that creed which the nation has rejected ior 300 ye«X? receives eouul treatment with the established creed in the, scheme of national education forthc people. England iknows well thai n bad Catholic is a dangerto the State, whilst a thoroughly pood one helps towards tt«c national plory. There nro no pampered 'public schools ' set up for tie benefit of H fraction of the people. Catholic schools and Protestant ore on equal footing with ' pnoiic fcnoolB m Great Britain. All are treated exactly alike, oVJeJE'l?' ciple of pavment bv results. Tako the report o?;Catholio schools in 'England, Wales, and Scotland for the j.Nir that has pasced. *. n In the vojr ending 3Ut August, 1878, there were nctr*auy inspected in Enplond and Wales (393 Catholic insUtntic-ns, containing- in them 117- dciiirtments, in which EcparnW touchers are empltvycfl, ttintis, 215 of boys, tOI of prls, 30- of iiifuutp, -l«0 mixed. There wns an o-verajre attendance i ki thepo schrols of 120,305. ccmipririuff 63,255 boys, 63,05u girls, dinVcd a5 to their teaching into 27,427 boys, or mixed, under rnnrtcrs; 03,4214 irirls, or mixed, under lnis tressen ; aud 85,453 infaiitB under mistresses. The to.al of children on the KChoolrosistcr,191,SH ; the number at temiuijr Inli-limr, 1 5.101. The net amount I^'a to the schoolB out ot Parliamen 1 tnrv 'rant was £03.706 Gs ftl, grivinira rite of grant ioroacli. I-Bcholar in averse attendance of 15s JJd. The (mint I dnrina the same time to the Church of England pnbools !wjs 13s Ift; to V.'eslo.Tan Fcuoole, 15s 7}d; ti British j schools, 35s GJd ; to school-board schools, 15s la a i scholar. j The claim of the Catholic schools on the ParliameBtioj ? RKiut fell under seven heads : the first for average att«rr da-Jce, unSer which £37,30; 12s 6a was claimed ; the BeoOod | for the attendance of infants, amounting to £15,71)5 8s 6d; I the lhir,i is for examination ia t-taudardr,, amounting td- £23,915 12s Cd ; the fourth for examination in classes:, amounting to i'12,355 7s 7d; the fifth for exnmination in stieeial stilyorte, a-.noiuiting to £178 IRs: the sixth com prised sjiecittl grants to email schoolc, and amounted to £23 Gs 8d ; the Eevcnth wp.f the grant to inipil teachers of 60s to those who obtained the mark of well, and of 40s to those who obtained the mark of I'airly. . Tho Government (rr.iuta to Catholic training colleges for tlie Tear ending December 31, 137S, wore us follows:— To SK ??M-nrv's. Hammersmith. £1733 13s 00., together with COS 10s received from science and art deprirtmmit ; total, £1785 2s 6d, the students in residence being Syjio rho training college of Notre Daiue, 31ount Pleasant, Liver pool, £2813, together with £52 from the art grant; total, ., 420G5, tho students in residence being 11+; to tnetvaimns college of the Sacred Heart, Waudsworth, £1607 17s lOd, the ttuaeatsinresideucc being 50. Catholic ui'ht schools received n grant for the year end ing Augu n 3 ! , 18/8, of £ IBM 1 s (id, being a rate per soholor in average attends ncc of 8s CJd. The whole Biont for Catholic schools in England and Wales in the year ending December 31, 1878, was £W,«i50s9d. Tho grant to Catholic schools in Scotland for the same period was £19,370 8s 7d. The rnte of grant for Scotland per scholar in average attend&neewas;— In Catholic echoolB, HuGfd; in Church of Scotland Bchools, lGsllJd; in Free Church ralir.ols, ISo Sd; iu.JSpisoopal Church schools, 14s 7Jd ; m public schools, 16f 10;d. Ifwoaddtogetherthe whrlo grant to Catholic elomon-. tary schools aud training' coheres in England and Wsuea, . which amounts to £109,495 9s 9d, and that to scnools in: Scotland, whichamouuts to £19,370 8s 7d, we obtain o col lective grant for Great Britain, in the year 1878, of .-£128,805 18s -Id. Was it out of love or tenderness to Catholicity, as such,: that the great statesmen of England framed Fuch a system as this? and was it beeauEOtiiey loved the Pope that the English people accepted it ! All who have any knowledge ol the national spirit me well awaie Uiat, had there not been some profound reason connected with the pntional* prosperity, the Cotholic church would have been ill-used in Enpland, or a system would have been set on foot to weaken the blood in Catholic veins, and melt the vigour of Catholic Wo out of the people. The creeds would have had to eend their children to schools without religion, or bo arranged that no decent man, with self-respect, could teach religion in them. The CTeeO echools would bo treated with disfavour by the Govern ment or their officials; the State schools -wonld be ^s nalaces throulrh the hind, with the best masters and appointments ; whilst those schools, where the love-£i]t! fear of God, and tho great directive principles of reJpBion. weretour by hour insisted on, would, on fhe prip-vJiple of the decay of the weakest, dwindle graduallyv-wiy, as a nation wbuld he reared up with less and less-rTeligion, and more aud more ot that pagan spirit, whiffTi is, if history ever taught a lesson, the sure uresage of i^noral effeminacy and national decay. Tar-seeing JEngjWSh Etatesmen, pos sessing the characteristic of tho rac'C resisted this spirit of national apostacy, aud respec^iting, as fcentlcmen do, the conscientious convictions (C-i the humblest,, gave fair play to all. and conciliated thp-j love and affection of Ene- lnnd's Catholic subjects. .Tihus tho nation -will continue to hold hor cm ia the 1- iroad contests of international Je; her nerve and pj«inew win ue Tov;gn, ner ncart s«ud ; and the principles of her imperial sway will still he~-ynded m the,;'uepth of a Christian spirit. She.-pn broawide-reach?''-iff principles of statesmanship, maintains asysonof education, based on a principle thatwou!d sa tisfy tirs&Iuirenientsof; the Catholic church. Inrosisting ' seculaiist education,' we are, in reality, resisting a prin ciple of ntlional overthrow; and by maintaining onr rights, as Catholics, we are doing untold service to tie State. Here, interests are identical. Here, whilst we are holding, or strugg.ing iorour own, we are laying lines of future pro sperity. 7/e arc the truo friends of thp people and of the. country, for we found our own honour andgreatncRBon our i conscientious convictionB regarding morality and faith; 1 and let us do all that in us lies to make known to others, who kuov, them not, these great principles of religious liberty, rclijvouR thoroughness, (md religious honesty, on which impm-iM Ensjlnnd't greatness mainly rests. L Dearly beloved, let us continue to press our claim to equality. Wo umnot, in conscience, send our children to 'public cehoole.' Wo are bound in duty to bring them up thorough Catholics, not thorough Protestants, how ever exeuipuiry Protestants may be. Thin is no cry started ?for a purpose. The whole Catholic world knows, and all intelligent .Protestants know, thnt Catholics-, who have any thoroughness in them, cannot bring thtinsclvcs to jeopar dise the future Catholicity of their children by sending them to public schools. The Aiii'lican Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. lloorhouse, a nreiate of thorough English mind, renog. niEcs the full lorce of the Chiuch's teaching on tiis sub ject. He fays : ' The Eomau Catholics arc asking from us nothing more than what: the ireest governments in the world have granted to them. In Prussia, in Baden, in out own colony of Canada, tmd w ucrcver Koroaa Catiiolios and Protestants are largely intermingled in tho population, tho government has recognised that the peculiar opinions of Roman Catholics have mode separate schools for them necessary. The concession of encli schools is inevitable. If not granted by our sense of justice, it will sooner or later be wnuujfrom onr political necessities.' Dearly beloved, we have the strongest faith in the sense of fair piny in tho mindi of onr fellow-colonists. We ere convinced that, when they really grasp onr case, they will be ready to give us all we ask. We merely beseech those concerned, so to arrange, that a large section of the com munity, the Boinnn CatholicE, some Bay one-third of the population, may give their children a thorough honest Catholic education, and receive for secular instruction, tested by Government inspectors, equal assistance with' those who arc satisfied with -public schools. 'Therefore, my beloved brethren, be steadfast and im- rsoreiWc : always abounding ia the work of the Lord, knowing that your labour is not -vain in the Lord.' 2 ' For the rest, brethren, rejoice, be perfect, take exhorta tion, be of one mind, have peace ; and tho God of peace and of love shall be with you. ? ? ? ? * Tne grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication ot the Holy Ghost bo with you all. Amen.'l3. 1 See Melbourne Annns, October 1, 1B78. 2 I. Cor. chap. sv.. 58. 3 II. Cor., chap, xiii., 11, 13. 