itfrial. THE USES AND ABUSES OF HOLI DAYS. (By a Holiday Rambler.) When Bob Cratchit meekly insinuated that be would expect to have a holiday on Christmas Pay his hardhearted employer suggested stop ping a day's pay for the undone day's work; but even in his unconverted Btate, before he had been visited by Marley's ghost and shown the evil of his ways, Ebenezer Scrooge did not carry out that threat. Custom was too strong even for him. The few public holidays gazetted are an absolute gift to the class of employes such as clerks, shopmen, and _ domestic servants. But when some one complimented an Adelaide employer of skilled labour the other day on his liberality in giving so many holidays in the Christmas week he disclaimed the liberality, for all his employes took the holi days at their own expense. They lose their wages, they spend their money, and are generally considerably poorer at the end of the week. Not only do they lose the four days' wages, on which their employer calculates, but as a rule there is only half the average amount of wages paid daring the fortnight after Christ mas Eve; for many—not nnfreqnently the test- paid and most skilful hands—are not satisfied with the four days' respite, but con tinue to take their pleasure in -a costly fashion till an empty parse and an aching head drive them back to the workshop to (ill the one and to compose the other. I do not say that this is universal, far from it; bnt it is so general as to cause great uncertainly as to the performance of work at Christmas time. No one' can promise to fulfil an order "by a given date when so many .of his best hands are what they call holiday-making for an indefinite period; and-it is precisely the workmen of the greatest skill -who can do this with impunity, for theirservices are so valuable that their masters must have them when they choose to return to their work. A slower or less competent artisan would be told to go-if he took such liberties. Are the abuses of holidays then bo great that the holidays are unde sirable? And is the grouping of two or three together so as to allow employes to travel at excursion fares and have a little country air, or to enable^ friends and relatives to have a pleasant meeting, so demo ralizing to the vicious and the weak that we had better re- establish the old regime of long hours and no holiday except the rigidly kept Sunday when travelling was. tabooed as sinful? I have heard really benevolent people say that it is their sorrowful conviction that for the present generation of unskilled labourers the best conditions would be to be well fed, well housed, and sufficiently clothed, but also to be kept close to work, for they have no idea of how to employ leisure well, and the more they have the more vice and mischief they will get into. After a generation has passed under more favourable physical - conditions, and the rising generation meanwhile has been more generally and more wisely educated, there would be safety in grant ing more leisure every day and idle days of com plete leisure for all. Every improvement in our social organization, however, must be made before the class for whom it is mainly designed has been - educated to make the best use of it, and in spite of some blunders the possession of the.leisure is the .only possible means of learn ing bow to employ it. As it is the privilege of humanity at its best to raise "low propensities and appetites to noble passions and unselfish affections, as the natural self-regarding facul ties give a spur to. enterprise and ingenuity, and in'order that each man may live he must do something for society and labour to produce something^ which his fellows will be benefited by, in which he not seldom loses sight of his own personal advantage; as tribal partiality rises to enlightened patriotism, and superstition to reverential awe of the Higher Powers—so is it the melancholy fact that man at his lowest can turn all things that are for his happiness and progress to be stumbling blocks in his path. And; from olden times it has been said that the Englishman takes his pleasure sadly; that his solid character has nut the lightness, the careless grace of the Frenchman, and that he is bo afraid of being ridicnions that he goes through a quadrille with the solemnity of a mute at a funeral, and can only be tempted to a picnic or pleasure-party by the excellence of the viands and the abundance of the wines. But a nation which has the best school of humour in the world—that sort of fun which is most kindly and least acid—the nation which from Ohaucer downwards has been richest in its contributions to descriptive poetry, to pleasant satire, and to good-humoured extravagance, cannot be deficient in the capacity for social enjoyment. The little crust of reserve which is our national characteristic is removed in one of two ways: by being in congenial society, where we feel that we will not be misunderstood ; by a moderate amount of alcoholic stimulant. And if people were contented with this moderate amount, in which there is an appreciable advan tage, there would be no harm done; bat example and custom often lead even educated men to cross the barrier. As the physician said," There is no harm in a certain quantity of wine or spirits: it is the uncertain quantity that does the mischief." And as we cannot get the world to change its customs all at once it would be well if the ordinary beverage in use should give the maximum of pleasant needed stimulant with the minimum of insidious poison. A wine growing country is said to be always compara tively a temperate country, partly because the wines are pare, partly because they are cheap, and therefore it is not the height of generosity and hospitality to bestow them on your friends or a Bign of easy circumstances to use them freely yourself. But there are other circum stances connected with wine-growing countries which promote temperance. The first is the climate, which allows of pleasures being taken enfamUl in the open air to an extent which is quite unknown in England; the. second is that no wine-growing country in Europe has had a rigidly observed Sunday. Whatever may be said against the Continental Sunday, it is the opinion of many travellers that the weekly return of a day only half devoted to religious worship and the other half given to recreations cheap and common has made Continental peoples more orderly, more temperate, and more civil and obliging in secular holidays than any English-speaking com munity. I myself have been in a dense crowd in Paris on the occasion of the Emperor's f&te; day. Ko carriages are allowed in the streets. It poured of rair., the roads were wet and muddy, and yet all Paris seemed to be out of doors; but the immense good-humour that prevailed, the absence of jostling and pushing, the cheerful philosophy which walked about under umbrellas or without such shelter, made our Australian party wonder and admire. And the habitual Sunday afternoon speut in public out ef doois leads to organization with regard to vehicles, to entrances and exits to public places, much more thorough and satisfactory at all times than in London. Oa December 23 last there was as usual a great rush to Glenelg. A respectable young woman was coming up from Glenelg to see her sister, who was ill in Norwood. "When she got to the station in Adelaide there was such a rush in from both doors that she, not being very strong could not get out, and was taken down to Glenelg. She returned to town. Again she attempted to get out, and again she was com pressed between the two strong bodies of pleasure-seekers and forced to remain in the carriage. The guard by main force got her ont at South-terrace a minute too late, for he had to catch her up again to save her being injured between the carriage and the rail; and she kept on the look-out till she reached Goodwood, where she alighted and walked to town, and got with, ont much further trouble into a tramcar. In Paris long ere there had been a public holiday the Sunday crushes would have taught the pro prietors to label each} of the large carriages, at one end "This way out" and at the other "This way in," and any transgressor would have been summarily dealt with. Even here the difficulty on summer Sundays for women and children to get out of the Glenelg carriages ought to have led to such step long ago. Sydney Smith said that until a Bishop had been burnt alive in the locked-iup carriages it was impossible to hope for any improvement in the system, and here it appears to be necessary that some one should be killed to indnce the proprietors to take so simple <a step for the public comfort and safety as this would be. But for this unseemly crush, which cotdd be so easily obviated, there is great pleasure in travelling on the Glenelg or Port or Northern line at holiday time and seeing the family parties—sometimes three generations— with their baskets bent on a day's pleasure at the sea side or in the country. On each occasions all private vehicles are ' at snch high prices that middle-class people cannot afford them, and the greater facilities can be given by public conveyances the better. Good hnmour stands a good deal of crowding, and it is a break in the monotony of life to travel with so many, people and to guess at their disposi tions, their avocations, and their circumstances from their looks or a.few chance words. An observant man, especially if to observation he adds sympathy, will pick up as much from an omnibus journey with two old women, or a pair of lovers, or a family party, as another devoid , of these qualities will gather from the tour ofEurope. Domestic servants think much of their holi days and stand out for them, and families are often inconvenienced at times when they would like to receive their friends by having to do without their usual help. Evidently an enormous amount of money is spent by employes during the Christmas and Easter holidays on excursions, picnics, and other festivities. Associations for any purpose are fond of getting up demonstrations when there is a leisure day for all the members, and there can be no doubt that these things strengthen the body. The satire and ridicule which educated people throw from the height of their cultiva tion on Bands of Hope, Good Templars, teetotallers, and others are somewhat misplaced. Some sort of excitement is what human nature craves, and if by music and games and speech making that excitement can be given to counter act the more dangerous attractions of the pnblic-house—if the onion of the members can be made so close as to remove the crust of reserve;, so that on some subjects they can talk to each other with the warmth and earnestness and sincerity which are the very saltof life—we must not. scorn them because their views are narrow and their expressions intolerant. A certain amount of narrowness is essential to immediate practical success. Your man with large views who weighs the pros and cons of. everything well before he begins to act often remains inactive, while after all the one end and aim of our living is to be doing something. Every honest effort, even if it chances to do some harm, will do a greater amount of good. Though much remains to be done, though many blunders have been made, no man can look back ten, twenty, or thirty years without acknowledging that oar social condition is advancing, and likely .to advance Still farther if to tHemmoant of leisnrewhicb/hssbeen bo liardly 'won by the working classes isadded/ihe intelligence and the moderation whiphwill inake, it the boon it shonld he. • ' ; y ; 