jNf o t e s ^ F; tH e 'Month.;;!, ;: . rriHE Bishop of Melbourne, accompanied by about thirty-five other B gentlemen, representing the clergy and laity of the Church of England Assembly, attended at Government House on Monday, October 6, for the purpose of presenting to his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby the address of welcome approved of at the recent session of that body. : Thft 'Rifihon. in introducing the deDutation. addressed his Lord ship, and remarked that he had had the honour of waiting upon his Excellency upon his (his Excellency's) first arrival in Victoria, but the Church of England as a body had not had the opportunity of expressing until the late session any public welcome. The Bishop then read the following address : — ' May it please your Excellency. We, the Bishop, clergy, and ? lay representatives of the Church of England, in the Diocese of Melbourne, take this first opportunity afforded by the meeting of the Church Assembly since your Excellency's arrival to express our hearty congratulations on your being called to fill the high office of Governor of Victoria. As subjects of the British Crown, we yield to none in our respect for Her Majesty and the Eoyal Family, and our earnest desire that the bonds of union between ua and the mother-country may ever continue. The Church of England here has no privileges beyond those of others ; but though we yield nothing in doctrine or discipline, we wish to secure the goodwill of all in the land of our adoption, and are always willing to respect the rights of other denominations. We desire that the sons of the Church of England may ever be found ready to serve the State, loving true liberty, and loyal to the laws. Their aim is- to carry out the apostolic injunction, { Love the brotherhood, fear God, honour the king.' May God endow your Excellency with every excellent gift for ruling wisely and well,'. , ? His Excellency replied : ^ ' My Lord Bishop and Gentlemen. ',I accept with pleasure the assurance which you give me of your loyalty and attachment to the Crown and person of Her Majesty and the affection you entertain towards the mother-country and her institutions. Those institutions are no plants of sudden growth. They have grown up step by step, year by year, century by century. . Modified and changed as the necessity arose by careful and judicious hands, they have stood the test of ages, and the result has been a constitution which is the wonder, the admiration, and, I think I may say, the envy of the civilised world. While extending as it does to all the largest possible amount of freedom, self-government, and personal liberty, it at the same time effectually curbs, by a judicious system of checks and counter checks, that license and encroachment on the rights of others which has too often proved the bane and ulti mate downfall of constitutions in other countries; and I can well understand and. appreciate the regard which you express for the country which you still call home, and your desire that the ties which unite England with this colony may long continue. ' ' The union is, I believe, one which is of mutual advantage to both, and I pray that the Almighty may long guard and protect it. ' I rejoice in the assurance that you give me that, while valuing and maintaining to the utmost your connections with the Church of England — while guarding and protecting her doctrines, ritual, and discipline — you are still able, with brotherly love and Christian charity and goodwill, to unite with other denominations in advancing those great religious principles which it is the duty of all to promote, and though travelling by somewhat different roads to the same end, you can all join in inculcating that great apostolic precept, ' Honour all men, love the brotherhood, fear God, honour the king.' ' I thank you very sincerely for the kind congratulations which you tender to me on my appointment as Her Majesty's representative in this great and important colony, and I join with you in your prayer that the Almighty may so guide and direct my actions that I may be able in some degree to assist in promoting the happiness, well-being, and prosperity of the people of Victoria. ' Noemanby. ' Government House, Melbourne, Victoria, 6th October, 1879.' His Excellency was then, at his own request, personally introduced to the members of the deputation, and the interview terminated. rTlHE following reply from the Secretary of Education has been. JL received by the Bishop of Melbourne to his application to the Minister of Instruction on the subject of religious instruction in State- schools : — ' My Lord — Referring to your communication of the 29th August last on the subject of religious instruction in State schools, I am directed by the Hon. the Minister of Public Instruction to inform you that he has given his most careful consideration to your representations, and that an earlier reply thereto would have been furnished but that he was aware that the conference of boards of advice that recently assembled in Melbourne had had this question under discussion, and that he was desirous of being made acquainted with the resolutions passed by them before intimating his views on your proposals. It is unnecessary for him to point out, as it is recognised in your memorandum, that the adoption of the propositions submitted by you would necessitate an amendment of the Education Act. This is a course which the Minister is not prepared to recom mend. So far as his opportunities — and thej are many — have enabled him to ascertain the feeling of the country on this question, he believes it to be strongly opposed to any interference with the Act. He is confirmed in this opinion by a very explicit resolution to the same effect carried at the conference of boards of advice, and seeing that the boards are elected by the ratepayers, he cannot but regard the views enunciated by them as representative of those held by the ? community at large. So far, however, as the Minister is able within the provisions of the Act to offer facilities for imparting religious ' instruction, he is anxious to do so. It has always been his practice readily to endorse the action of boards of advice in granting the use 5 of school buildings for this purpose after school hours, and he has recently given a public intimation that he is desirous that boards should in all cases accede to applications for such use of school buildings. He is glad to find that at the late conference there was a very general consensus of opinion that this should be done. The Minister has no reason to suppose otherwise than that the teachers would in such cases render every allowable assistance, and he would certainly visit with marked displeasure any exhibition of obstruc tiveness that might be brought under his notice. As regards granting a similar use of school buildings before school hours, the Minister has not been able to satisfy himself that this comes within the scope and intention of the powers vested in him by the Act, and he is indisposed to strain these powers beyond what his predecessors in the admini stration of the Act have, equally with himself, after careful consideration of the question, deemed to be their legitimate exercise. — I have the honour to be, my lord, your obedient servant, G. Wilson Brown, Secretary.' ? SOME public speakers seem to have small respect for the value of the words they make use of in their public addresses. We noticed the other day in the Argus that a certain reverend gentleman, at a recent religious gathering, gave it as his opinion that an ' unholy alliance' had been entered into by the Roman Catholics, the Angli cans, and the Presbyterians to upset the present Education Act. The statement was news to us. We then heard for the first time that any such alliance existed, and we are curious to know whence the speaker derived his information. But it is not this silly and untruthful statement that we are most concerned about. What we should really like to know is on what principle he applied the epithet ' un holy' to such alliance, supposing that it had been formed. If these three, or any number of Christian communions, think fit to unite their influence to change a system of public instruction which they regard as unchristian and injurious to the highest interests of the youth of the colony, on what principle is such union denounced as ' unholy'? It is a new feature, surely, in the history of the Chris tian religion to speak of an - endeavour to introduce God's Holy Word into the curriculum of National Education as an ' unholy' endeavour, and we would counsel the speaker to consider more carefully the force and meaning of the words he utters, especially when dealing with the religious efforts of other Christians. The stand which the Church of England in this colony has thought fit to take on the Education question is amply justified by men of experience elsewhere. The August number of the Con temporary Review contains an article by Mr. F. Peck, of the London School Board. He is reviewing the progress of Education in Eng land. With respect to religious instruction, Mr. Peck says : — 'Not- withstanding the efforts of the Nonconformists, there was so strong a national feeling that it would be a fatal mistake to exclude the Bible from the schools; that having at great expense and trouble gathered the children of the irreligious and the profligate into the schools, it would be utterly unjustifiable to send them forth ignorant of the principles of religion and morality ; that, with the exception of Birmingham (a borough which is ruled by a political caucus, con trolling the municipal and educational as well as political elections, and allowing no difference of opinion on any point from the tyran nical will of the majority) and a few small towns, mostly in Wales, where religious bigotry is peculiarly virulent, every school board has, in some form or other, adopted biblical instruction as one of the subjects to be taught in its schools.' The voters of the colony may, from various causes, choose just now to ignore the experiences of older commnnities ; but we have too great confidence in their good sense and right feeling to believe that the infatuation will be perma nent — at least on the part of any but Secularists, ' Spiritists, and a few fanatical admirers of a system of Christless instruction, who still lay claim to the Christian name. AT a meeting of the Council of Trinity College, held on Friday, 17th October, at the Diocesan Registry, the Bishop of Melbourne in the chair, the 6th and 7th of July, 1880, were fixed for the first examination for the Bromby prize, the examiners to be the Rev. Canons Bromby and Vance and Mr. Alexander Leeper. This prize (£20) is to be annual, and has been founded by the Rev. Dr. Bromby for the encouragement of the critical study of the Scriptures in their original tongues. The subjects of examination pro Tide vice will be — 1\. A critical knowledge of the Gospel according to St. Mark and of the Epistle to the Romans. 2. Winer's Grammar of New Testament, Greek (Moulton's second edition). 3. Trench's New Testainent Synonyms (eighth edition). Competition is open to all graduates — whether in arts, medicine or law — of Melbourne University, irrespec tive of their religipus denomination, who shall have resided for not less than six terms in Trinity College. Messrs. E. E. Morris, J. W. Hackett, and Alexander Leeper were appointed to conduct the ex aminations for the ' Henty' and ' Florence Stanbridge' scholarships, to be held in the first week in next March. It was announced that the mayor had been communicated with on the subject of the con dition of the approach to the college from the Sydney- road and the state of the surface drainage, and that assurances were given that the matter would be attended to. The chairman stated that the Hon. W. J. Clarke, M.L. C, had offered to present the college with the sum of £1000 for the endowment of a scholarship to be held by theo logical studentB, Thq meeting waa adjourned till, Friday, the 1.4th November.. T-ROFESSOR STRONG-, in his address to his University clas3 just XT published, advises intending students in arts to make up their minds either to go in for a thorough study of the classical languages-, not merely as an introduction to philology— though on that side he discerns the true defence of classical education on utilitarian prin« ciples — as for the sake of the noble literature to which they open the door, or else to throw them aside on the threshold of their undergraduate career, and to take up modern languages in their stead. The classical professor of the University means, as may be supposed, no dispar agement to his own special subjects ; he rather magnifies his office too highly to be willing to identify the study of classics with compulsory gerund- gunding. Even of gerund-gunding itself he does not com* plain, so long as its sphere is limited to the school. Six years spent in passing through as many forms or classes may suffice us for labouring at the beggarly elements of Greek and Latin. On entering college a lad should be taught to make up his mind whether his taste really leads him to study Greek and Roman writers, not for the sake of prizes or exhibitions, but for themselves — for the wealth of thought, and fancy, and diction that is to be found in their pages. The in creasing attendance at his lectures has forced upon Professor Strong the conviction that to many of his students their continued prosecu tion of classical studies is waste time. Far more satisfactory to him, and profitable to its members, would be a much smaller class, that should be enamoured of its work, and read its authors with thorough appreciation of their respective beauties. For the rest, the study of the modern languages is easy and open. French and German are keys to a literature little less noble than that of Greece and Rome; and they offer this inducement to the student that a great part of their most difficult idioms may be picked up orally. Mr. Strong passes just though kindly condemnation on the desultory character of the general reading of University students — their disposition to read no more than is necessary for their examination ; to waste their ' long' in frivolous amuse ments; and to neglect the masterpieces of English literature for the ephemeral trash to be found on railway bookstalls and in cheap circulating libraries. 'Who now reads Walter Scott?' he asks. 'He is voted prosy and dull, and we pass him by in order to read the harrowing adventures of some young lady in good society who has had the misfortune to run away with her groom.' The same indolence of spirit that shuns the trouble of method and choice in light studies makes the young men leave to the last month or two in the year the labour of grappling in earnest with their University subjects, contenting themselves up to that time with the delusive industry of the copious note-taker. There is one capital defect in our colonial youth — a restlessness and craving for excitement which is not favourable to serious or prolonged exertion in any direc tion. Witness the different University projects — the debating club, athletic club, reading- room, University club — each in turn taken up with eagerness, and abandoned when the first interest had flagged. This restlessness Professor Strong thinks may be so guided as ' to pass into that sure handmaid of progress, a sustained enthusiasm ;' but allowed, as it too often is, ' to run riot in its own fashion,' it becomes ' a source of impulsive and irregular action, proceeding on no fixed principle, and leading to no fixed end.' PROCESSOR STRONG makes one suggestion of great value which might, we think, if taken up by the head- masters of our dif ferent Australian grammar schools, be made to bear immediate fruit. 'I only wish,' he writes, 'that our students had a chance of com peting at the Indian civil service examinations, . which must be regarded as the most severe test of all-round proficiency in England, and I feel confident that they would hold their own in this arena, as ? v well as in the others. I wish that the home Government would con sent to place, say, two such appointments per annum at the dis position of the Australian colonies, showing no preference for any particular one. I think that such a mark of consideration would nob be lost on us. Our young men would then be obliged to learn French and German, and would find as well that there is some tangible and. useful end to be gained in the study of those Oriental languages of which we hear so much and know so little, but which, seeing the. close ties which must one day link Australia and the Orient, one would think a peculiarly fitting study for a young Australian.' The request is not an immoderate one to be made on behalf of so large a dependency as Australia ; and if conveyed through the governors of the various colonies, and supported by their combined recommenda tion, would in all probability be conceded. fTIHE investigation into the Rev. C. T. Perks's charge against Mr. Der -L rick came to a most unsatisfactory termination. Whether rightly or wrongly made, the charge was made upon undoubted information of the only persons besides Mr. Derrick himself who could speak from personal knowledge of the matter— viz., the children to whom his remarks were addressed. Evidence of this kind is to be received with many allowances and great caution ; but, unless we are prepared to leave the teacher in his class-room to say and do what he pleases, it cannot be altogether rejected. Even if Mr. Derrick's only fault was that he failed to express himself clearly, the fact that a number of children understood him to say that they had no souls would be highly damaging to his fitness as a teacher. Some children certainly appear so to have understood him. Why was no evidence adduced to show that others in the class understood him differently ? We are throw ing no doubt upon Mr. Derrick's explanation of the circumstance, but we contend that he should have called witnesses in support of it, and that, in the absence of all corroborative testimony, the original charge is not disposed of. For what value will any sensible man set upon his acquittal by a public meeting who heard no evidence, and wanted none, but simply put into resolutions the sympathy and in dignation with which they had come ready charged ? Acquittal by the Minister of Education, after full investigation of the conplaint, would no doubt have settled the question in Mr. Derrick's favour to everybody's satisfaction, had pot Major Smith adopted the ex.traor.di nary course of allowing his official decision to wait upon the irregular verdict of the Richmond meeting. A more fatal mistake could not have been made by a Minister anxious to act as an impartial judge. The question was one of fact, and not of feeling, and to take account in deciding it of the votes and voices of any assembly of persons, however large or unanimous, was to violate the first principles of justice, and to bring the dignity of a Minister of the Crown into contempt. IN the October number of the Melbourne Beview there appears, from the pen of the Rev. Robert Potter, a closely-reasoned, and, as it seems to us, lucidly-expressed paper upon the ' Relation of Miracles to Law.' The miracles with which the writer is concerned are those of the Gospels — the central mysteries of the resurrection and ascension of Christ. The objection to miracles takes this form : They are infractions of the law of nature, therefore impossible. But when this assertion is analysed, it comes to this : — That an alleged miracle is impossible, because it cannot be accounted for by the formulated result of man's experience. But this is true of the universe itself. ' The whole visible universe is in itself clearly not to be accounted for by itself.' We are constrained, when we inquire into the origin of things, to admit Ihe existence of a hyperphysical sphere, and the whole question concerning miracles is reduced to this — whether there is but one or several points of contact between the physical region of which our senses tell us, and the hyper physical region of which our senses can only tell us that it must exist, but cannot explain to us how it exists. The impossibility of miracles is therefore reduced to their antecedent im probability. But this when analysed is resolved into a trust that the (Supreme Governor of the universe will not ' put us to intellectual confusion.' If, then, we can find for a miracle a place in God's order, we diminish the force of the improbability. Now, natural religion derives a high degree of probability from the natural world, and°this, as we have seen, posits miracles at the beginning— that is to say, the contact of the hyperphysical region with nature. But reve lation claims to be a further unfolding of God's nature than that which is made in natural religion. It claims to be, therefore, a further contact of the hyperphysical with the physical. It claims to be ' a communication from the region which is supernatural.' Hence it would follow that miracles are highly probable, if not necessary, evi dences of revelation. A place then is found for miracles in God's order. Not all miracles, evidently, that could be conceived — e.g., such as that which is said to have been experienced by Mahomet — but such as do not put us to intellectual confusion ; those which while (1) not ac counted for by physical laws, (2) do not ignore them nor set them at nought, though they change the direction of them and alter the result, and (3) of which the message which they guarantee is in accord with the moral sense. It might seem as if this were arguing in a circle — that the miracle guarantees the revelation, and the revelation demands the miracle. It is not so, however, in reality. Revelation and miracle mutually support each other ; but the probability of the revelation, which is itself miraculous, depends upon other and farther evidence, and ifc is the nature of this evidence which has to be tested. It is urged that it is far more probable that human testimony concerning events which are alleged to transcend nature should be fallible, than that the unvarying testimony of experience should be deceptive. But it is evident that the force of this as against miracles will be very much diminished if the alleged miracle can be assigned an appropriate place in the harmony of God's works. It will then depend upon the nature of the evidence which is capable of being produced for it whether it is more credulous to accept or reject it. Mr. Potter's conclusion is thus stated :— ' There stands revealed a harmony between the facts of history and nature and the miracles attested by the gospels, and this harmony, beyond all question, reduces immeasurably the difficulty of accepting their testimony. They come to us, it is true, with a marvellous story ; but their marvellous story helps to account for much that is otherwise not to be accounted for. If we refuse to believe them, we have to believe that the history of mankind was changed ; that the spiritual forces of the world were organised ; tnat the hearts of countless generations were strengthened, comforted, and purified; and that nations were cursed and blessed by the hallucination of a hysterical brain, If we cannot accept this alternative, then the other is that Jesus' rose from the dead, and was God manifest in human nature. Which belief is more in harmony with law?' We hope we have not done Mr. Potter an injustice by the inexorable pressure which our limited space has forced upon his article. We must refer our readers to the paper itself. THE following passage from a sermon on ' Modern Good Samaritan ism,' preached on the morning of 19th October, at Christ Church, South Yarra, by the Rev. E. Bicknell Bayne, deals with a subject of great importance in a healthy and vigorous manner :—' Let me refer to one great branch of work being done in our day, which may well go before and accompany all Christian changes of this kind, and of which on such a day as this I may very naturally say a word in this place. I mean the work done in the way ot ?' teaching the people how to preserve health and avoid sickness. It is an admitted principle with us that 'prevention is better than cure, and .we know how large a percentage of the cases of disease and pre mature failure of health that come into our hospitals are caused by ignorance or neglect on the part of people themselves, or on the part ' of their parents in the early days of their life. So with accidents. How many are the result of that one evil— intemperance ! And on the whole subject, how much have young people been sent out into the work and busy life of the world without the least instruction in the laws of healthy life. We feel now as Christians that, as it is ' better to keep Lazarus, if possible, by honest work from having to lie at Dives' gate than for Dives to help him when there, so to pro vide better houses for the people, and more healthy surroundings, ana to show them the laws by which to keep from various prevalent forms of disease and weakness, is a better, a more Christian work than to act the good Samaritan's part to them when, after neglect on their own part or others, help is almost useless. It is a large subject, on which I can only touch in this sermon ; but Christianity in the nine teenth century very properly takes now a very practical form, and ? better far is it than the old never-ending discussions on theology and quarrels about hair-breadth differences of opinion among ub. The pulpifc may well join with the press, and with all agencies for social reform, in saying in God's house and in Christ's name a .word about our duty on this great question. In a new colony such as this how much has yet to be done. All thanks and honour to all who in any way laboriously and conscientiously try to do it. For (to quote words from Herbert Spencer) scarcely is there one to whom you put the question who has not in the course of his life brought upon himself illnesses which a little information would have saved him from. When sons and daughters 'grow up sickly and feeble, parents commonly regard the event as a misfortune, as a visitation of Providence. Thinking after the prevalent chaotic fashion, they assume that these evils come without causes, or that thecauses are supernatural. Nothing of the kind. In some cases the causes are doubtless in herited ; but in most cases foolish regulations are the causes, and so disease and premature death are inflicted, not only on them, but on their descendants. I wish to put this subject before you on the very highest grounds on which it. can be put. When we know how much a healthy mind depends on a healthy body ; when we remem ber how often false morbid views of religion are the result of physical infirmity; when our Bibles tell us that our bodies are the ' temples of the Holy Ghost;,' we may well consider it a Christian duty to keep them in health and fitness for work. And I venture to say that the Christian Church, while maintaining, as it does, that the education of the young should not be carried on without regard to their highest interests — without teaching in some way or other about God, and the soul, and a life to come — would, as a whole, yield to none in desire that children should be taught in our schools the laws that affect the physical welfare of the people ; and any who can go to any one, and guide and help them in this way, do good Samaritan work — do Christian work among us.' WE have heard complaints more than once from enthusiastic Churchmen that the Cathedral of Melbourne that is to be will neither be large enough, nor costly enough, nor dignified enough, to suit the importance of so vast a metropolis as Melbourne, or the 5 requirements of so numerous and wealthy a body as the Church of England in Victoria. We pointed out some time ago that our pro posed Cathedral is about the same size, and will cost about the same amount of money, as the Cathedral recently opened in Edinburgh for the worship of the Church in Scotland. We now submit, for the information of our readers, the following statistics of the Cathedral proposed to be erected for the newly-formed Diocese of Truro, Corn wall : — Amount of subscriptions promised, £32,715 ; amount in hand, £14.223. The balance is expected to come in at the rate of about £5000 per annum. The design of Mr. Pearson has been approved, and the estimated cost is about £35,000. The population of Cornwall is about one-half that of the colony, and the cost of Truro Cathedral will not be more than one-third the cost of that of Melbourne. We venture to think, therefore, that our dignity as Churchmen will in no way be compromised by resting content with Mr. Butterfield's design. WE understand that the Rev. S. C. Kent is to take charge of the southern portion of St. Luke's parish, with the view of building' up a second parish on Emerald Hill. '?;.-. nnHE Southern Cross chose, some little time ago, to adopt and JL comment on certain statements made in a document which was printed in our columns, but which bore on its face that it emanated, not from us, but from the Essendon vestry and choir. Those state ments having been impugned, the Southern Cross gave as its authority, not the document it had used, nor. either of the bodies from which it proceeded, but this journal ; saying, handsomely enough, ' We thought the source of our information reliable — the Church of England Messenger,' and adding untruly, 'We simply repro duced its statement.' To our complaint of the unfairness of such a reference, the Southern Cross now replies that we had committed ourselves to the statements of the document, by printing it in our ' Parochial Intelligence' columns instead of our ' Corre spondence' columns. This is about the lamest attempt at _ justi fication we ever heard of. Does the Southern Cross print in its ' Correspondence ' columns letters not addressed to its editor 1 We printed in its proper place, among our ' Parochials,' the item of intelligence from the parish of Essendon that a circular, which followed, had been issued by the vestry of St. Thomas's. No one who knows the meaning of words could honestly contend that, when we wrote— 'Essendon : St. Thomas's.— The vestry having received the subjoined letter from the choir, has published it-for.. general information,' Sec, we committed ourselves to the contents of the document appended. It is not easy, however, to say what mean ing the Southern Cross does attach to words. That journal denies that it flung any imputation of untrustworthiness at us, and asserts that it simply gave its authority. To say, ' We thought The Church of England Messenger reliable,' was simply giving its authority! The Cross further admonishes us that ' It is a Christian duty to put the most charitable construction one can on the words of a neighbour, and that it would be well for us to act upon that principle. ' We grant the principle, and the great need for its application in the pre sent case. As we do not, however, care to have a monopoly of virtuous conduct, we will give our neighbour an opportunity of acting upon his own admonition. He cannot, of course, ? imagine that we mean any reflection upon him when we say that we thought that the Southern Oiyss was above covering a proved misrepresenta tion by a flimsy evasion. IN his fifth' lecture on the development of doctrine in the writings of St. Paul, the Bishop, after pointing out certain signs of ' development within the circle of the Pauline Epistles themselves, as in the passage from the eschatology of the earlier letters to the soteriology oxf the latter, from the loose fragmentary statements of the Epistle to th'e Galatians to the precise and systematised presentation of. the same elements of truth in the Epistle to the Romans, and particularly in the growing spiritualisation of form, indicating an increasing effort to find a moral side to all the processes, however mystical, of spiritual life, said that, as this was not development in the essential elements of the Pauline system, which had, in fact, been matured before the date of the earliest epistles, he proposed to treat all the epistles as occupying the same plane of thought. Before examining the Pauline system, it was necessary to inquire what was its central truth, the knowledge of which will be a key to its intricacies. That truth he found to be that union with Chrisfc gave him the power which he had not in himself to keep the law. The Apostle describes to us his ineffectual, despairing attempts to keep the law before his conversion, and how, after his conversion, Christ having passed into his heart, ' the struggling stream of duty, which had not volume enough to bear us to our goal, was suddenly reinforced by the immense tidal wave of sympathy and emotion.' The conditions of this : spiritual identification with Christ are— first, Christ's death, liberating the -mighty force of His perfect humanity, and making it possible for Him to come to us; and, secondly, our faith, or the act and temper of pur soul holding on to an unseen Lord, and making it possible for us to come to Him. One effect of this union with Christ is the solidarity of redeemed mankind, the creation of a spiritual relation ship, deep, organic, and eternal, effacing necessarily all temporary or fleshly distinctions; but there is a solidarity of unregenerate man kind, as well as of the regenerate. The natural man is spiritually united with the first Adam, as the spiritual man is with the second. Here is the ? origin of the evil in our nature. St. Paul's experience that the good in him was of spiritual inheritance pointed to the con clusion thafc the inborn evil in him was also spiritually inherited. This solidarity of mankind explains also the election of the Jew for religious privileges to have been the choice, .not of a nation or race, for an exclusive blessing, but of a particular part of the body to be the organ of spiritual benefit for the whole. This union with Christ is not sentimental only, a mere heightened attachment, making it easy to do as Christ did. but a most real passing of the Spirit of Christ into our spirit, with a great burst of light, and love, and joy, lifting us into the communion of a new and heavenly life, St. Paul never countenances the unrealities and immoralities of fictitious im putations and arbitrary decrees. Of all apostolic teachers he has been the most grievously misunderstood. Upon him has been wrongly fastened a huge system of theological fiction, while for many a generation his own spiritual teaching has lain with him in the grave. But the world needs this true ' Doctor Gentium,' with his gospel built upon facts of spiritual experience, and the doctrine of Paul will rise out of its tomb, edify the Church of the future, and show to us this ' least of the apostles' as superior to all save his divine Master, in that enthusiasm of humanity which brings a man's thoughts and feelings nearest to the beating heart of the great world. SIXTH LECTURE.— Happines3 depends upon righteousness. No confederacy of ours could make a' lie prosper or a wicked deed triumph in the end. The strength of a good man's heart is his knowledge that he shall overcome at last the injustice and self seeking and lying that are against him, because all the forces of the world are silently fighting on his side. But how shall man attain to righteousness? That is the great question with which St. Paul begins his gospel. Calling a man righteous when he is not so would be of no use, for it would not make him really happy. What has the experience of manhood to teach us here ? How far have they attained to righteousness ? They have all fallen short. The Gentiles knew something of God's will, but knew it only to disregard it, and to fall into that hell of moral corruption described in the Epistle to the Romans, and exhibited in the social life of Rome under the Emperors. The Jews again had turned their greater light into occasion of greater condemnation. All alike have sinned, and, worse still, lie under the power of sin. What, then, is the cause of this general degradation 1 Over this question the soul of humanity has been dreaming and brooding ever since it came to self*consciousness. Bub the reply which philosophy could never give, St. Paul's twofold experiences enable him to give. He had known the power of sin through terrible inward conflict, and he had known deliverance through union with Christ. Enfranchisement of will had come to him through union with a. new humanity, and hence he saw that his carnal propensities had arisen out of union with the old humanity. By connecting them with Adam's fall, he simply affirms that they have come to us through our inheritance of a tainted nature. But how is righteousness to be attained? . Can the law deliver man? The law is indeed holy in itself, of use to define sin, to supply some \- regula outside us with which to compare our life— either so rough a vegula, as the Decalogue ; or, better still, its. spiritual equivalent in the first and second commandments, as our Lord taught them; or, best of all, in the example of the Master — of use, again, to awaken in us, by its demands, the sense of sin and the craving for deliverance. But the law is weak in itself, working only by appeal'to the lower nature, by ordinances that are against us rather than on our side, while it brings no stimulus or inspiration to the emotional nature ; weaker still through the opposition of our flesh— that is, the body animated by the animal soul — to the spirit, or religious consciousness of a man (called by St. Paul, in the case . of the unregenerate man, his mind), by which he receives communications from God. As a good Jew, before his conversion St. Paul had experienced this rebel lion of the flesh against the mind,: and had. found the commandments I of the law, instead of helping him, only exasperate the mutinous lusts. It was clear the law, then, could not help. What was wanted was not orders and threats, but a new nature. What a proof of de velopment we have here 1 The Synoptic Gospels know no such doctrine. We find it in St. John's Gospel (iii.), which was published at a later period of church history, but without any assertion then of the impotency of the law. That was one of the things which the disciples could not bear then, which was reserved for revelation through the Spirit. Even after the effusion of Pentecost, St. Peter says little on the doctrine of sin ; St. James has fragmentary expressions, recognising the inward obstacle to righteousness ; but St. Paul alone affirms decisively the inward corruption, and the power lessness of law. His clear insight, and sharply denned teaching, grew partly out of the opposition he encountered, partly from his personal experience. That experience we can verify for ourselves. Moral death and moral resurrection are facts of our own spiritual consciousness. A single hour's scrutiny of our own heart would show us, in the trouble, disharmony, disproportion which it would reveal, evidence enough of the miserable perversity of the flesh. How shall it be overcome, the enfeebled will strengthened, and the divine affections rein forced 1 The gospel shows us how we may be made righteous, and St. Paul's grand contribution to the gospel is that, more clearly than others, he has shown us that union with Christ alone can effect this . result. He bases his solution of the question on psychological facts. Union with Christ did deliver him. Union with Christ made him righteous. Union with Christ is producing the same effect to-day on the souls of thousands of rejoicing Christians. What has produced these moral transformations but the passing of Christ into our hearts 1 These transformations are facts to be explained. If St. Paul's explanation be rejected, still an explanation has to be found; which shall satisfy, not the worldly critic, but the real experiences of the believer. [These abstracts of the Bishop's lectures will be con tinued in our two next numbers.] THE following petition from the parisfiioners of St. James's, Mel bourne, has been forwarded to us for insertion. It has' 71 . signatures attached to it, and was to have been presented to the Church Assembly at its late session, but the member who had charge of it, being prevented by professional engagements from attending the Assembly, was unable to present it : — 'To the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, the reverend the clergy and the lay members of the Church of England Assembly in the Diocese of Melbourne, in the Colony of Victoria. 'The humble petition of the undersigned churchwardens, vestry men, seatholders, and parishioners of St. James,humbly showeth — That on the 2nd June last past there was an election of a lay member to. represent the parish of St. James in the Church Assembly, on which occasion our late member was opposed by Mr. George Watson, of King-street. That 68 votes, all duly qualified, were recorded in. favour of our late representative, and 162 against him. ' That your petitioners have every reason to believe that, with the exception of one vestryman and three seatholders, neither of whom attend the church on the average more than once a year, and a few| respectable parishioners, the majority of those who voted for Mr. Watson were not duly qualified according to the intention of the framers of the Church Assembly Act (here follows a description of the different classes of persons supposed to have taken part in the' election). ' That your petitioners feel that during the existence of the present Church Assembly their parish is disfranchised, as they cannot recog» nise as their representative one who has been elected by such, a con ; stituency. ' That your petitioners believe that advantage has been taken of the alleged ambiguity in the definition of ' Residence' in the Electoral Act, arid in the qualification necessary to qualify the voter designating, himself a ' member of the Church of England,' whereby the returning officer has no alternative but to accept the declaration of the declarant, although he may be a regular attendant at the place of worship of any other denomination, or otherwise disqualified. ' Your petitioners therefore pray that you may see fit to amend the law, if necessary, so that the ' lay members of the Church Assembly' can only be elected by the same constituency which elect the vestries, or otherwise, as in your judgment you may deem fit. ' And your petitioners will ever pray.' 