BENEVOLENT BIGOTRY. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sib, — Should not some decided action bo taken to excoriate the cancer that is eating up most of the public charities ? Speeches, leaders, and letters are -well in their way, but are they suffi cient ? Randv.'ick Asylum is a hotbed of prose lytism. The Benevolent Asylum is now a ?workshop for the same object ; yet nothing decisive is done to put a stop to the machinations of the plotting cliques that are dragging these institu Hb ages ' of the colony, 50 years ago, such misdeeds ^?j as they are guilty of would have been sufllcient BH for their summary dismissal from the government H|: ' of any public charity. Though in those days VR- , there was a State Church, and Catholics were few HI compared to what they are now, yet such injustice Hu ' as that perpetrated now towards them in the above jBi - asylums would not have been tolerated by the ^B v Government of that day. There is no State Iff ' Church now, thank God, and Catholics form a HH , large and important part of the State ; still, how H is it that the injustice so timely complained of by JHI ? Mr. O'Connor in Parliament remains unre |H|. - dressed ? HH - The matter is a ' difficult ' one to Sir Henry ffijg Pavkes. He sees no ' new crime ' in the re H2 versal of a rule which was fair and equitable to 9H}~ all denominations. He sees no Kiama ghost BH amongst the ghouls in the asylum. No doubt it Hh ? is safer to temporize than to do justice. Suppose HjK Catholics were parties to the public fraud perpe HS , trated by his friends, should we not hear the old HHj man eloquent on the potential injustice of Popery, BHj the danger to the constitution, the momentous HR ? question at issue, &c;, &c.; ? HflL ' If he -will not do justice in the matter of the ?Sj asylum, a public meeting, in my opinion, should HJ - be called, and the wrong- doing of the Government HH as well as the committee exposed. We are HH . inviting the world to our shores ; let them see 9jB ? that the Premier of the country is permitting an HH * institution, founded for the alleviation of want HH and suffering, and supported by the funds of the HH - ' State, to be perverted to ignoble purposes ! HB Yours, &c;, Om CEUIG BARKY. H . 10th May. 