^httfoviuialliilu'iinitlc; THE LAUNCESTON llttBS. Tdesdiy, Jlav 20th, Ib79. The investigation into tbo cause of the death of Albert Shelly, ou Saturday labt, may bo said to have failed iu its desired result. No one after rcadinp: the evidenco given at tho inquest will doubt for one moment that the verdict returned by the jury on tho evidence was a corrort one. At the same time it is to he lamented that the medical men engaged on the poll mortem examination did not think it accessary to ascertain by crucial examination : 1st — What were the liquid contents of the stomach whcD submitted to chomical analysis, and, 2nd— By opening tie skull, what was the actual condition of tbe brain at tbo timo of death. Wo may state, onco for all, and ex animo, that we dismiss nil ideas of foul play, hut it would have been desirable, we submit, by chemical analysis of tbe contents of tbe stomach, to ascertain whether there was or was not any aesafa'tida in that receptacle, and if so, whon it was administered (for of that the evidence affords no record), and whether it would have been judicious to administer it to a patient evi dently in extremis. This, however, i6 but a minor consideration, for wo have already stated that there is not in the evidence even a scintillation of a proof of foul play, and the utmost that an analysis directed to the contents of the stomach ccnld have established, might possibly have been that there had been Indiscretion in the u&c; of a very power ful stimulant, of the actual use of which in tbe treatment of the patient's com plaint there is no mention in the medical evidence. Of tbe patient having keen plied with brandy by inter ested parties theic was not tbc slightest proof directly or indirectly. All that part of the public rumor which preceded the inquiry, we may safely dismiss from our minds as n?t based on any evidence whatever. The unfortunate trail Albert Shelly would appear from tbc evidence of Dr. Murphy to have been the sub ject of serious chronic complaints of old standing, and being thus prematurely aged, was unable to wilbtstaed the effects of two or three weeks' bard drinking (to wbicb possihly cold may have been Buperadded). He died, apparently, in consequence of 1«b constitutional ina bility to withstand the effects of a few weaks' hard drinking, tbat might have disappeared innocuously in the case of a man of his own age, but of healthy and untaxed vital powers. Tbc real point at issue, and that in which tie medical and other evidence is in utter conflict, is as to the condition of the brain of the deceased. If, as sur mised, nay almost asserted by Drs Murpby aud Maddox, tbe brain of the deceased during tbe few days prior to his death was completely congested bat fact, if established, would have' mounted to a complete paralysis of the casoning, though possibly not of tbe secutient faculties of the mind. To have established this fact would have proved as complete an alibi of the reasoning faculties of the mind, fitting a man to understand the, scope »nd intention of an ordinary Will, as an alibi of tho body, (and ergo, tbe impossibility to have done a given act at a slated date —could have been proved by shewing a certain man was in Launceston and not in Ilobart Town on a certain given day committed in the last named place. It is utterly incomprehensible how so material a fact as the actual condition of the deceased's brain at, aud a few days prior to tho time of death should have been omittedfroman enquiry, the evidenco in which ii certain to be of immense importance in testing the validity of the will. As the matter now stands, tlie evidence of Drs. Murphy and Maddox goes to show what would be the probable condition of the de ceased's brain some time prior to death, and the testimtny of the Rov. Mr Brownrigg shows what it actually was during hiB several visits, exactly what the medical diagnoses of Drs. Murphy mid Maddox inferred it to be. But, unfor tunately, neither tbc medical evidence above cited, nor the Rev. Mr. lirown rigg's visits, cover the whole of the facts, or the whole of the period of time, and on the other hand, we bare the positive evidence of Dr. Stewart and Mrs Clinppell that Shelly was at times in a position to understand reasonably what was stated to him; that he did, in one of those lucid intervals, execute a certain will or instrument de vising all his property to Chappcll, and was otherwise conscious. In this con ilict oi fact, and of medical evidence fonnded on hypothesis, fact must carry the day up to the present time, unless the evidence of Dr. Stewart, of Mrs Chappcll, and of Mr Moriarty's act and deed as a notary public or attorney in executing the deed arc totally ignored. Had tbc head of the deceased been opened and the brain been examined, it would havo set at reet this conflict of fact and hypothesis. The discovery of a perfectly congested urain would navo proved an alwi as re gards Iho reasoning mind, the only partial paralysis of the reasoning faculties, consequent on only partial congestion, might have left tlie matter as it is, but at all events it would have eliminated the belief in total congestion, which is possibly tenable on tlie medical evidence. The fact that the deceased devised bis property to strangers jjroves nothing cither way, because relatives are some times tbe most offensive of connections, and the last person to whom a reason able man in full possession of his facul ties would devise his estate oven when in extremis. In these remarks wo would he distinctly understood as not imputing or attempting to impute any wrong or improper motives or actions to any of the particB who attended on Albert Shelly during his last illness. We arc simply regarding the matter from a purely legal and judicial point of view, and so regarding it, we say that it was a grave mistake that — 1st, There was no analysis of tho contents of tbe stomach ; and 2nd, Tint the head of tbo deceased was not opened in order to certain the actstA physical condition of tbe brain. Tho inquiry could not bare been more ably or impartially conducted by Mr Coulter, Superintendent of Police, or more impartially or judicially placed before the jury by tho coroner, Mr Howling, A Fiuocm Alucuhan.— Them must crriaiuly bo u pin iu the aldurmauic :hnir uf one oC our Councillors. He tils suspended like Mahomed's coflin ' 'twin tarth and hcuven,' with hi« hands sub pending Iub body. Ho daitl up his hands, acting as propollora, and makes a motion, atiou, ucuuru' ly ootuuiuucitig with the words ' I'll take it.' Ho is not Boatod a inoinfut whon the cacvetliet loqucntli seizes hitu, and attain he is up with souio remark. Hti does not trankact much business, he gouurally diroctly or indi rec'ly raves against the Towu Ovenuar, and, as a rule, ho makes tho other ('oun* cillors uncomfortable. Ii (he mosssugrr would take tho pin out of the Aldermanic chair tliostj Gdgetty proceedings might possibly bo altered. CniNOE* is tub Base of Act TiuuilA— Mr Hellicsr, from Svdnej, who succeeds Mr M. P. Blundell in the managership of the local branch of the Dank of Auitralasio, wai to hare left Svdner veBiordav ner steamer Kak tor Launceaton to aliurae the duties of his office. Mr M. P. Blundell, on Mr Hellicar's arrival, leaves for Melbourne to take up his uew duties as sub- intpeotor. We can only reiterate that Mr Blundrll's proiuolion liu been well e&rned.; and tbftt on his departure he oil! take with him the heartv good wishes of the eommnnily at large. Covbt of Gexeiul Sbbsionb— A Court ef General Simons was to hato been held yesterday, but tlie Court lapsed, luatiuuch 8B there was no bubi* ne-H to bo broucht forward. Kstatb of \V. H. Howe, jiw.— The first meeting of creditors in the above rstate, to have been held ynsterday at tbc Registrar's office, was postponed for a fortnight. Tub Musical FfsnvAL.— In our re. marls on Saturday list we inadverleatly mentioned the name of Mr T. C. Just a one of tbo secretaries appointed. The joiot secretaries roally appointed on the opinion were Mr G. H. Bailey and Mr V. Rocuor. Accidekt at Cuodieioh— An acoi dent, which migut have proved fatal, oc curred on Saturday eroning ta Mr Jrimes Boon, of Cuudleigh. He wss grubbing Irroion Mr Reed's estate at Wrslevdale, and whilst cutting one down it suddenly fell on him. As be ran from it the tree struck him on the lower part of tbo spine, slid pinned him to the gronud. Besido* this injury his left lee was broken below the knee. Dr. MacNecee, of Doloraine, who was sen) for, speedily arrived and set tho broken limb. Tlie patient is getting on as well as could bo expected under tbe Launcestok Cbobal Society. — A tiecial attendance uf member! and the orcheBira of this society ii requestod lor tliii evening. It is essentiilly neceuary that B punctual and regular attendance should be observed during Ihe neit few weeks, to practise for thr fcitival, tbo date ot which is fixed for ihe lUb June,. PasTOBAi, Visit— His Lordiliip tl:e- Bishop of Ilobart Town is paying a visit to tbc Korth-West Coast (Che Devon Uerdld says). On Sunday last His Lordship preached at Emu Bay, atd on Wodntsday a confirmation service was hold at Iho FtrtL. Don Poisokikq. — A largs number of valuable dogs h&vo; recently been poiioned in Hohart Town (tbe Mercury up), the black liet— v»luab!o greyhound., belonging to Mr Willmott, of Murray street. It is a pity that the perpetrators of these cowardly outrages cannot be expoied and punished lor their dastardly praclices. A man named lionry Bryant, 45 years of aeo, cook and steward of the barque Emprrza, wai taken to tbe Hospital, Hobart Town (the Mcmirii says), late on Saturday evening, sufierinc; from the efce's of injurioi received from a fill in tbe street whilst iu a state of drunkenness. He was un conscious when he waa received into Ike initiation, and was found to be suffering from a severe inciavti wound on tbe acalp of tbe bead. Ho remains in the hospital for tnatment. Sodden Death.— A report wai re ceived at tbe Police Station, Hobart Town, on Sunday (the Mercury says), 1 tbat a man known us John the Woodman was lying dead upou the floor of tbe bouse be occupied, in Sacaville street. The body tras removed by tbe police to tbe Hospital, and it is probable tbat an inquiry will be held in due course into tbc circumstances attending tbe sudden DAVE! sritBET OoKOBKUTIONAL Chcecii— On Sunday, the Tribune snyj, the anniversary Ferricos of thi Sunday Sell' o! connected wiih this church worr held, the Rev. B. S. liird preaching both in the morning aud eveniug. On the nest occasion Ihe pupils and lescbers of the icliool were seated in the gallery, tho adherents of the Church and other friends occupying the body of the build ing. Tho services were both appropriate, Mr Bird preaching in the tore-icon to the pupils, and iu the evening to tboir in struct -rs. The text of the discourse to tlie children was tbe 02nd verge ol the second chapter of Lnkc — ' And Jesus incroiard in wisdom and siaturo and in favor with God and man.' do tulwd bis young hearers to follow the example of their Saviour, end l-y a close and hearty srplicslion attain Divine knowledge, of nhicli lliey th.uld make right use. Mr Ohss.'Waleb, the Superintendent of the ?chool.resd the if port, which doilt very favorable with the past ycir'a work. ber of pupils, tbc roll showing an avrrac.0 attendance in the morning of 220, atd 250 in 111- evoi,iaB, ivih a regularity and punctuality of assembling 'list was v»ry gratifying. Tho einrndi tmv for Ibe vrar «ni 80/, but fur the coming year tho outlay required was not eipoiMcd tu exceed 70/. Of that amount the teachers subscribed ono- fourtb, lliu- holping themselves very maltrially. Tl\« remainder they aaked to be contributed by their frianda. lbs question of in attention, snd **t a future day a scheme for providing sueh would be submitted. A. collection in aid of ibe school fu&d; was taken up aaor the report was read. The hymns BunR were specially selected. In ihe i-vening Mr Bird chote ai his toil the 2G, 27, and 26th vrrccs of the 4lb chapter «f Si. Mark, and delivered an cloquout and ctieotttasing sermon to tbo teachers of Ihe school. Peiteu'i Gnosr.— ' Profess jr Pfppjr,' tho JJome A'ewi itaUs, ' has accepted en engagement in tbe Australian colours, for the purpoie of showing the inhabitants of the Antipodes a new mystical illurion that lie has just perfected, and which he Bayi will rival in popularity his fauiou ? Ghost.' A t Ihe request of the directors of tho Royal Polytechnic, Professor Pepper baa promised toforo leaving £nglaad to devote cne week ty showing his invention at tho Polytechnic Instilus tion.' Mr Cole, of Ilobart Town, ia agent for Professor Popper, and lui gone to Sydney lo arrange for his reception, Coubsino.— A meeting of Ihe Victoria Coursing Club was held at their offier, Melbourne, on Thursday (the ^n/iussyi.), to piy over the stakes won at tbe lite meeting of tbe clab. Mr W. J. Clarke occupied the chair. Mr W. B. Soumevell was the principal winner, taking the Tab msniau Plate, presented by Mr Joseph Clarke. Then tbo minor prirei wen ' handed over, after which the healths of the winners, loaera, Mr Joseph Clarke, ' Mr W. J. Clarke, the judge and .ooro- : isry, wire drunk, and a very f tenant . I lout-VM -pent. | ' 