Conventionalities of the medical .aitT in Chixa. ? A recently published French work, ' Les Peuples Etainges,' gives Bomu curious information about medicine among the Chiueee ? A regular gradation, it appear, is established among medioines; thero are 120 remedies of the first order, holdinir tho rank of sovereign in the medical empire ; 120 of the Becond order, ?with rank of ministers or nignex manaanni, and 125 of the third mid last order, like sub altern officers. In China, us in all Eastern countries, tho physicians are made an object of jaillery in Btories. Hero iB a specimen. Round ?the doctor's abode wander continually tho ehades of those whom they have sent to the ?other -world ; they glide along the walls, or ?crouch round the door, hoping to get book the body which the medi.jal art bus taken from -them. One day a merchant's son went out to ,Beek a doctor for hia brother. He found such a multitude of dolorous ghosU round the ?doors of the fashionable doctors, that ho shrank ?from entering, as he aid not wish to Bee his brother swell tho number of victims. He went through the whole town, and at length per ceived the sign of a druggist's shop in a small obscure street. There were only two ghosts before tho modest abode. Tho youth knocked resolutely ; the savant opened. ' How long have you practised medicine r asked tho -young man. ' Only Bince yesterday,' was the .?reply. A sufferer from depression of spirits, con isequent on chilla on tho top of intermitteut ?fever, called on a fashionable West-ond doctor for advice. 'Try change of air,' wus the ?prescription. The Bufferer was a special cor respondent who had just rompleted profes sional journeys extending over seventeen tuou sand, miles within eight months 1 A. well-to-do but indifferent!}'- educated farmer of Wisconsin, who was once elected to the Slat* Assembly, and who has unco thon ? used various Ufh- sounding terms picked up ' during bu brief legislative experience was one Say .wrtrin* with a neighbour about the mmi lantT of tl.fcir residences, just comploted, ox .c'-DUri? ' v id tha garrulous man, ' tho kitchens, iTit - Tjlniblo pair of mules. Distressed at -fe^he wftnt to a neighbour to inquire ItZ torn -*4 to end, and I'm blessed if I can £zd a itisg 'A 'em pro or con. 