Chdbdh of England. — Sunday, 4 th, matins and celebration of holy communion, 11 a.m. ; p i'dren's service, 3 p.m. ; , evensong, 7 p.m. The C. ristmas anthem will, be sung at evensong. Shipping. Agency.— Mr. Thomas M'Kettrick, j ho enterprising wharfinger at South Grafton has lately entered into arrangements whereby- . he .will be enabled to greatly facilitate the tran- ' ait of "goods from the Clarence to our district. He is now agent for the Lnbra, Argyle, and the . Australian. The latter is said to be the fastest c. boat in the trade, and was built expressly for the line, . / 4 cnristmas Service. — The festival of Christ mas was celebrated this year in Holy Trinity -Chnrcb'under great difficulties. First there was . t he . unexpected resignation of the prganist. late >n the Saturday before Christmas clay. Fortuna- tely his place was admirably filled and no incon venience was felt. Then the weather was so in - » i-lement that the Christmas Eve service and £ie carol-singing -had to be given up,- .but- on Christmas day the services were most charming a id hearty. There .were large congregations at both' morning and evening services j double the number of last years communicants, and a larger offertory by £2. The Church was brightly d -corated, though perhaps not so chastily. as on formes occasions ; still, considering the difficul ties to be "met, the festival of Christmas-was " never before so successfully Carried out irj Glen Innes, and it must have given much encourage jiieiilvfo '-all v -who were engaged i n the 'cdihme- ioration. Ghbistmas Dat.— The festive season of. Christ mas was honored in Glcrt Ipues by the usual amount of feasting and joviality common to the" event; .aid had it not been for the remarkably cold and miserable day on Thursday last, there is no. doubt, for divers reasons, the Christmastide of -'79 would have been- one of the most happy spent: in Glen Innes for many years.. The piercing wind which -blew throughout .the day, rendered fires indispen- t . s!ble, while |tlie dark and angry-looking sky at once banished from the mind all thought, of out door amusement. Cjiri'stmas Present.— We have to thank Mr. John Wetherspoi n. of Glericoe, for sending us a small case of gooseberries as a Christmas prer pent. They were of large and rare variety, of dflicious. flavour, and quite equal to any fruit , oi: the... saipe ;kind that1' we have tasted in the -colony.- r Horse-whipping : in Grey!STR.eet:— Tl»e qniet ;tf>f out community was disturbed yesterday mor ning by a sensational' horse-whipping fracas , th'at . occurred opposite the Post Office. 1 The parties engaged are both in the Government service, and connected with the Survey Depart ment. The belicose gentleman who was the aggressor is a well-known contract surveyor. \- As far as we have'been able to learn the facts, they are' as follows:— Mr. W. Bede Christie met Mr. Metcalfe opposite the Post Office. . Mr. Met calfe, having not the least suspicion that any attack was about lo" he made on him, went up to speak to Mr. Christie, who saluted hiiii with the question, " what do you mean by saying you are my superior officer" and before Mr. Metcalfe pould reply, Mr. Christie produced a raw-hide whip and belaboured liiin across the shoulders and legs, and concluded his attack by kicking ! liiin. Mr. Metcalfe feeling that prudence was '.the better part of valour, made no attempt to » /return the.attack. The matter will be the suh- > iject of a legal and probably also of a depart- : mental enquiry. Capture of one of the Escapees froji the 'Narribri Gaql. — It wijl doubtless be fresh in ' the. memory of mil- readers that four prisoners, . who were awaiting trial, 'made good their.escape from the Narribri gaol a few days before the .Sessions was to' take place. The Government offered £25 reward each for their capture, and One of .the number surrendered to his - wife. who. handed him over to the authorities, and received H- the reward. We have now to report that another the men have fallen into the hands of the M ,'p'olice in our district. Acting upon information' supplied to' . liiin by two : swagmen. Sergeant '. Lenihan- dospateiied Mounted-constable; Pilking- \ tori out on Thursday in the direction of !Peep-.. water, . where E. ; A. Rose, one q.f ; the Narribri /-fugitives, was supposed to he lurking. Not "'.getting on the - trail, the constable rode- on to T-riterfield that night, as hi was "unaware that (there, was a: station at- Bolivia. After a little . - rest', Pilkington retraced his steps southward, and was rewarded for his perseverance by al ight jng up his" man/early on Friday . mornings in the vicinity, we believe, of .Bolivia./ Rose at first denied .that h.e was the person wanted, but. on confronting our astute sergeant,, lie 'at once Ad mitted he was the man. Rose was awaiting his trial for forgery when h.e effected, his escape. ' Hem said to be highly educated, speaking no ""jess thaneven languages. From what we have Iieajjd, a .great amount of credit is duo to both fiergeant Renihau and Constable Pilkiugtotn for- "-'-.Rose's recapture. v \- - Masonic.— At the regular monthly meeting of the Glen Lines Lodge. No. 1569, E.G., the Rev. W. HvCooper, 1J1M. and P.D .G.C., was unanini- ously elected. W.M. fo.r the ensuing year. In acknowledging the high compliment paid to him by the brethren, and his sense cif the confidence reposed iiyhim, the W.M. elect, said he wished the brethren fully jo understand that it was not ; „ fit all prohal-le that he could possibly, remain ; v amonget - thbin for his year o.fo.lfice. It was a i . very .unforeseen occurrence that prevented his .. leaving for England wjihjnvn few months, and he wished it to he clearly uniierstuod that, though he might he in Glen Innes for six month oreven .ft longer time, vet the moment the Bishop sent .put Ins locum tenens. lie must leave for his trip homo. Hqweyer, while with them lie would exert himself, ;to the utmost for t lie benefit of the podge, and /endeavour to improve the working \\- phd ritual/ AH he asked was hearty and Masonic .all ,tke metphers sliqujtl. try and carry, out- their obligations so that the true spirit of Masonry should be infused into the Lodge. The instalation of the W.M took place on Mondaj' evening; there was a good attendance of the brethren, P.M. Br. Henry Downer, P.Z., was the installing officer, and performed his duties in a most impressive manner. The brethren adjourned to TattersalPs Hotel, where a banquet, admirably served by the hostess Mrs. Roberts, was held to commemorate the festival of St. John. The usual loyal and Masonic toasts were nhly given and responded to, and the brethren separated after Jiaving spent a most enjoyable and profitable evening. Life Assurance.— Mr. W. Watkins, the inde fatigable, travelling agent for the Australian Mutual Provident Society, is just now' on a visit to Glen Innes. The advantages held out by this society are so great; that we would recom mend all wlio are not policy holders to embrace tlie opportiinitx which Mr.: Watkins's presence in town presents, and 'enrol themselves as mem bers. We feel assured" that - they will not Jive to regret that Mr. Watkins ' took their lives." Possessed by a Ghost.— Miss Toops, age 14. of Westminster, Aid,, sees 'at intervals a full- sized ghost— a mar. with a red face arid sandy whiskers. Early in the summer there were rapping and movements about the house, which convinced the mother that her daughter really did see a ghost. One morning when the slept later than usual, a little bell was rung violently, and the tabjeware was tossed from tlie kitchen into the bedroom.. After this the spirit played mischieviou8 pranks almost every morning. When Mrs, Toops would-be spreading the table cloth, it would be snatched out of her hand, and plates, knives, and forks would be thrown to the ..floor. One of its favorite tricks was to strip the liedB of their covering, and on several occasions a feather bed was tossed to the floor, There were frequent pulling matches between the mother, the daughter, and the ghost, the latter trying to get possession of sheets and counter panes as they were being spread at the beds. One day the gboat, seen only by the daughter, Knf 1anr/1 Kv» tfiA inntlior was litmftruillv tmilhlff-. some. They were hoeing in the garden, and every few minutes they would be stopped in their work, and would be unable to raise their hoes from the grounfl. The mother told the daughter to strike him. The ghost said: "If you strke me I'll be the death of you, " She, however, directed a blow at his face, and iiir stantly fell down in a fit. The girl has spasms nearly pvery day, in which she loses consciousr ness.. These come on her whenever she resists the ghost, on refuses to obey nim.iYew> Yorh Tribune. Holloway's Ointment anp Pills. — a certain remedy for diseases of the skin. Ringworm, scurvy, scrofula, or king's evil, sore heads, and the most inveterate skin diseases to which the huriia'n race is subject, cannot be treated with a more safe and speedy remedy than II olio way -8 Ointment and Pill's;' which act so peculiarly on the constitution, ' and so purify the blood that those diseases are eradicated from the system, and a lasting cure is obtained.; .They are effica- : cious ill the ciire of tumours, burns, scalds, glandular swellings, ulcerous wounds; rheumat ism, contracted aiid stiff joints." These medir cines operate mildly' and surely. Tlie cure ef fected by them is not temporary or" apparent only, duR complete and, permanent, 