SPORTINGh THE T<Wa1j1SAT0E AND ME. FEANC2. The ;totalisitor, which lias caused so much talk' and • exoitemeiC" in New South Wales amongst the betting fraternity, is not likely to die a natural death for want of public support, and although there are difficulties: in the way of. its use on the Bandwick and otherraceeourses, ' it appears as though it may yet be acclimatised here.! The success of Mr. Barnard's totalizing experiment; at: the' last Newmarket races has induced him to contemplate a-continuation of totalisator sweepB, and-: it /is. probable that effi? oient arrangements will be made .at the forth-; coming meeting at Morphettville to receive and pay hway the money of the investors. With regard to the advantages or otherwise of encou raging the totalisator, that is a matter which must be left to the parties interested and those who consider it to be their duty that the laws shall not be infringed. If betting were done away with, and there was no such occupation as bookmaking, then we should say disoard the totalisator. /If horaeracing were carried out in its integrity 'for the encouragement and im provement solely of the breed of horses in the colonjr, then We should denounce the totalisator as an intruder and asan invention of the enemy to get at the breeches-pocket; but so long as the " ring" is in existence, and so long as gentlemen and professionals race more for personal profit than for the public weal, then we can only re gard the totalisator as another means -of* ministering to the general desire for speculation on the uncertainties of the turf. The book making fraternity are naturally incensed against a contrivance that will assuredly affect straightout betting at the post, and have threatened to oppose the totalisator movement wherever it makes it appearance. It is something of an anomaly to find persons who themselves are following au illegal occupation threatening to take the law against others whose proceedings afford more protection to the public than the public get from the " ring." It is quite possible that the opponents of the totalisa tor, should they endeavor to set the law in motion, wonld fie attacked in turn, and would lose rather than gain by the transaction. If the totalisator be fairly conducted it will make its way into public favor, and will be patronised notwithstanding all the opposition that the "/ring" can make against it, but it it be made the vehicle of fraud' or chicanery it will bring about its own downfall, and be very properly relegated to obscurity. That the totalisator can be /used for fraudulent purposes has been proved m England and other places in Europe, hut that it also can be used fairly and to he advantage of investors has been shown in vari ous localities whereit has long been established as .the fairest method of obtaining the odds in horieraoing. We are aware of au elaborate j judgment "having been :delivered;by Lord/Chief | Justice Cockburn, in which he. pronounced the' totalisator, or pari-mutuelrto be illegal, and re fused .to reverse a.decision by. which two men were sent to gaol for using it; hut that decision has not yet been: endorsed in the colonies, although Mr. Eranck, the introducer of the instrument, at Bandwick, has been prosecuted and prohibited from continuing its use on that racecourse. The instrument used by Mr. Eranck, and for which he has secured the patent for the colonies, is a numbering-maohine of a somewhat simple oharacter by which re volving figures show on dials how many per sons have invested on each horse in a.race, the figures being altered at every transaction., This process can be easily, though not exactly, imi tated without the use of a machine by marking the numbers down on a cardboard or on a sheet of paper, or a blackboard. Only if this be done the odds cannot will be shown after each transaction, although this difficulty might be overcome without a great deal of trouble, and with an extra staff of clerks. Mr. Eranck, the introducer of the instrument, and patentee for the colonies, goes to an absurd extreme in the valuation which he places npon the totalisator. On being requested by an Adelaide gentleman to. name the terms on which he would permit the totalisator to be used, here, he said he would only, agree to a company purchasing one-eighth of his interest in the machine for £5C0. He wauld not part with more than an eighth if ten times that sum were offered him, and he expected to realise a very handsome for tune, as by its use he reckoned that a net profit ef about £9,900 a year could be realised from the Bandwick course alone. Mr. Eranck, in his letter, dated Sydney, June 24, says:— " According to your telegraphic request I give a short outline how 1 intend to introduce totali sator on the Australian Bacecourses, and as nobody here but myself will be able of getting the genuine instrument, I am not afraid for competition, then the public will soon find out that inferior instruments or imitations can be practised to_ the advantage of a dishonest manager, which is impossible with my introduc tion ; besides I am acquainted with the practical working through my visits on all principal race courses in Europe, and without such knowledge is no satisfactory success possible. I intend to carry on my business in the following manner:— I am going- to form a Company in each town of Australia; under the supervision of a Baciug Club Committee or other leading sportsmen; allowing the Club a certain amount of paid up ' shares; then I'will import the.necessary appli ances in required quantities, chargingcost price. My agent in Europe has to execute the orders and is allowed lb per cent, commission' on amount of invoices, but is bound by contract to inspect every article before shipping, which is of greatest importance. The amount of shares in each Company will he fixed, that each share holder can expect with certainty upwards of 25 per interest per year. The outlays are com paratively small, though I did not go into special- calculation^ Let ns consider four instruments, four presses, four ticket-boxes, ftur stampers,. four assorted types, letters, and cyphers cost £400. Then I would form a Company with a nominal paid-up capital of £2,000 in £lTshares, giving, the sub scribers 400 shares, and retain for myself and partners 1,600 paid-up shares. " Having had experience last Bandwick meet ing of actual result, 1 give- herewith my views of expected profits:--By selling.with one instru ment £400 value of tickets, this gives, at 5 per cent, commission, £20 each race, mid as we have yearly sixty races at Bandwick; each totalisator will return profit £1,200. If we- deduct for clerks, building, wear and tear, extreme high expenses, say £100, each .instrument will give yearly £1,100 net profit; and as Iwill employ, at. least tix instruments- inside the saddling pad dock, the net profits will be yearly £6,600. Out side the paddock I intend to have six instru ments selling tickets at 10s. each, which will return half the amoilnt, say £3,300 ; therefore I, expect a net profit of about £9,900 from.Eand wick course alone. Now, fancy what will be the profit if instruments are used on every race course in the colony? " As it will bet-impossible for me to attend-per sonally to that business- in- every colony, X am willing to "sell either one-sixteenth share of. my. interest in the South Australian totalisator business for the nominal figure of £250, or one eighth qhare for £500, subject that the purchase is madeiby leading Adelaide sportsmen, but.on, no condition £ will sell a- larger share at any 'price offered. " To avoid misunderstanding I beg to repeat my terms. ; 2f your friends agree to join. me,, and purchase one-eighth share, they would participate with'me in a Company formed as above stated, and receive-from, me 200 shares from the 1*600 shares retained by me. You will perceive the price asked-is not for the sake of getting anything like- the money valne. bnt solely hoc the purpesa of associating, with the best class.gentlemen, of your city,.and to avoid mutually unnecessary correspondence,. I beg to add it is of no use to make,to ma, an. offer- of a penny lass, or to offer to. me ten. times more ; than X ask for & second, eighth share. Being now engaged upwards of seventeen months in this business, you may easily imagine how large has been my expenditure up to this day. " I hold myself hound to. the foregoing terms offered* subject 1 receive on or before the fourth day of July, 1879, two hundred and fifty pounds for one- sixteenth share, or five hundred, pounds for one-eighth share, in a bank draft on. ; Sydney in a registered letter as psrchase-mociey I according to this letter. J " I stipulated the above date as a meetoag of gentlemen will take place on the 5th'Jijts;i who intend;to buy several shares in some oftWCom paniea'l intend to start. ' '' " Though extreme ihfiaenee is uried to sup-, press my introduction I have not the slightest doubt of ultimate success, whon the whole puhlio of Australia is in favor of. the totalisator. —Youre faithfully, Siegfkied j£kanck.". ;. It can easily be understood that Mr. Franck's offer was not entertained by the gentlemen of Adelaide, notwithstanding, the enormous profit* that according to his oakulations are to be> made by the use of his, maohine. Mr. Franck, who is an old resident of Sydney, and was for 15 years Consul f or Germany, has issued a pamphlet, in whi.oh he defends himself from charges made ag;ainst him by. the " ring." He computes tha\ the colonial public lose over £80,000 a yec,r to the bookmakers, and that if the money wer.n invested in totalisator sweepstakes fiiat the Governments, assisted the -introduction - of totalisator - sweepstakes, for the following ieasc^B:'-r-l.;Yo diminish the: heavy betting on, credit, whichihas rniued many men in-all rank of line. 2. To prevent the disagreeable prac tice of tampering with jockeys in their <fdty, the proprietor of the totalisator-being always indifferent as to which horse winfy which most ' support fair and honest racing"l. •; ' The bookmakers contend that the totalisator will not prevent fraud,and threaten if.it' begefHJ*'' rally used that they will combine to put" dark" horses into big,stakes that not being backedbyC the public will be rank outsiders, only backed by the ring, and1 that'favoritie* will then be pulled " so that the outsiders may win, and the ring carry away the j>nblic money in rested in tb»: totalisator. The moral to be derived from this totalisator agitatled-shows thatfheis the Wisest, man who never lays a wager-or invests a penny "for gambling purposes in horseracing, ; The eighth half-yeatly meeting of the Ade Iaide Steamship Company took place on Tiiura- - day afternoon. There was a large attendance - of shareholders. The report and - balance-sheet presented were of a satisfactory character, and , were adopted. A dividend at the rate of 5 per . cent, and a bonus at the rath of 2| percent- " will be-paid to' the shareholders' out of ' the profits of the Company.'" The question of reducing the amonnt now anBuaUypaid for the insurance of the three steamers belonging to - the Company and of the Company establishing an insurance fund on its own account was dis cussed. The opinion was expressed that the amount at which the valueof the vessels is stated- ; for insurance should be reduced by the sum of £3,000 in respect of the South-Australian and--' -; Victorian respectively, and £2,000 iu respect of • the Aldinga. The matter was finally left in the hands of the Directors. Messrs. R. D.' Rass, M.P., J. Harvey, and J. Love were elected Directors; and Messrs. D. Kekwick and A: Y. Harvey were reappointed Auditors of the Com pany, There was a moderate attendance ^ at White's Rooms on Thursday evening to witness ■ the Ghost Entertainment. The whole thing was well received, and created both wonder and' amusement. A sailor's hornpipe, danced by a -' little girl who is called" the " Infant Phantom,e. was remarkably good, and the audience impera tively insisted upon a repetition of it, which' was good-naturedly complied with. • At the Theatre Royal on Thursday even--., ing, the great historical play of "Henry. V;," was reproduced. The grand display which has - told so well with the Adelaide public had'lbSfi" ~ none of its attractions,, and the house was as- T well filled as. ever. This evening the perforiT mancewillbe repeated for the benefit of Miss) ; Watt-Tanner, who has so ably supported Mr." Rignold in bis arduous task in placing the play. / before^Yonng Australia-in- such-a shape as', to-' make it al ways a sure attraction. \- An entertainment under the patronage, of Lady Jervois will be given lathe Town Hall this evening in aid of the Children's Hospital, - by the boys and girls of the Grote-street Model School. Miss Playford and Messrs. McBride, Diamond, and Phillips have' consented -to ' assist. These concerts havenlways beenpopular, . and we hear that 700 tickets have been sold '.* already. One item on the programme is de serving of notice. A tune,, new to "the con-,. ductor and the children, will be sung afc sighfe " from signals given by the hand. The other items in the programme embrace gleeajparb songs, and rounds, one of the latter being in. six parts. : A return match took place on "Wednes day, July 30, between the Blyth and Saddle worth Rifle Companies, each company firing on . its own range, five shots per man at four dis tances, Government targets were used. The following are the scores of the Blyth men:— Yards—150 200"- 250 300 Tfcl. Captain R. Roberts... 20 18 20 19 77 Lieut. JaB. Sampson... 20 18 18 15 71 Sergeant Mitchell ... 19 19 17 14 69 - Private J. Smith ...18 18 17 17 70;/ PrivateR.Patterscn... 20 20 18 17 75"> Private A. Smith ... 19 18 15 15 67 Private G.Hall ... 16 17 15 12 60 132 128 120 109 489 On Thursday evening, J uly 31, a concert was given by the Adelaide Amateur Minstrels at St. Bartholomew's Schoolroom, the object being to increase the building fond in connection with the hall. There was a large and appre ciative audience. A good programme was very well carried out, the performances of the troupe as a whole, and- of some of the members par ticularly, being very creditable. The troupe comprised three or four vocalists who have appeared before Adelaide audiences oa previous occasions in connection with minstrelsy, and a few other promising aspirants in the * burnt cork " line. The moatfaulty part of the enter tainment was that for what a rather limited orchestra was responsible, but the audience was not too exacting, and overlooked the short comings of the instrumentalists. The jokes of the corner men were up to the average, and with the aid of a little byplay Bones . • /• and Tambo succeeded iu infusing , some fun into the first part of the enter tainment. The vocalists with one exception ■ appeared to be in good voice, and succeeded in eliciting loud applause. Mr. Killinbeck gave "Won't you buy my pretty flowers?" and Mr. Humphrey contributed "Little sisters gone.to. sleep" in good stylo. Mr. Murcli/and Mr. Chamberlain sang comic songs with effect, and, Mr. Small, who has.'a very good falsetto voice,! and Mr. James rendered ballads creditably. , , : Mr. Ghipp *was successful in two songs'^ and Mr. '' Murch's song and dance met with a favorable . reception. The concluding sketch was (. well . ; , presented, and the audience dispersed appa rently very well satisfied. . .: . > On Thursday evenings Jjdyj 31,. another of the entertainments in aid. of „the Church Building Fund was given in the Baptist Ohuroh,..... Flinders-street, to a large and appreciative audience. The piece: selected for the occasion was a service of song entitled "Nothing to Nebody," with illustrations of saored musio. Mr. Theodore Hack, Mayor of Port. Adelaide.. gave the connective readings. Mr. Thompson. conducted themusical portion of the entertain- / ment, and Mr. Crocker presided at the organ. " Nothing to Nobody"~ia taken from one of tho' Sunday-school naratives, and describes a poor orphan girl who is noticed by a young . lady on ~ - her way to Sunday-school, sittinghohgry and cold upon a doorstep^. The child at first posi tively refuses the young lady's invitation .to go with her to school, but in course of timebymany little kindnesses is-induced to. become a regular attendant. The- young,.lady also pays for her . education at a 'day'school, and.alternately the child is taken from her .wretohed home, where -- she had known little else than illusage and: starvation, andlwh^r© .too .she had been so .often.- . ' told she 'was " nothing to nobody,'-to be a cheer- - ful industrious maid intheyoung lady's house. She is found to possess many excellent qualities,. ' , and above all Warns, under the young lady's in- -. fluence, ;to set her affections on. things beyond - . this present world. The musical illustrations were rendered with faultless praoision, and the whole performance reflected the greatest credit on all personB-concerned in/it.. After-the usual . r votes of thinks . the. singing of the doxology brought th&avening;'s entertainment to a close.' / - A very, successful. sacred concert was; given in the Tynte-street Baptist Church on . Thursday evening, Jjily 31. There .was,h large ■. attendance,. An excellent pjcogramme, embrac- * ing many ohoise selections.of -sacred music. had been prepared^.and the.peufqrmers, aff of whom were we|l-known vocalists^appeared to give the -0 ' greatest) satisfaction to all present. - Mr. T. H. ; Jones^thecirganist of tha,charch,readered.threa solos on the organ—the overture toNebuca donbsorj""Offertoire" and Mendelsohn's "War - Marah"-i-with admirable execution and expres sion, showing that: he-had perfect control over^ the instalment. En also accompanied the ' singers I during tho- evening. " Two quartettes, • "Mornteg Prayer;^ and. " Behedictus,". were given in an excellent manner by. Mrs. Jones/ Miss R; Yandepeor,and Messrs. J, n..Coombe, and HJ O. Nash.. There were also, two other ; quartettes given by the same singers, with the. . exception that Mr,B. Phillipa took the.place of, J. / .-f ■Mr. Nash. The gem of the/evening.'was the. solo," With verdure clad,": whichwas snug vfith ranch teste by Mrs.. Jones; and UBn ]Yapdppew achieved a success in " Consider the, lffies."' A trio,." We pray thee, Father, hear'.us," by Mrs. Jones, Miss Vandepeer, and: Mjv Ooonibe was/ given with considerable effect), and the puzityofa vA- '■ X the voices c$ the. lady singers wa3 heard to ad-. ' vantagB in the daets "He wipes a tew ftom - ^ every jeyey" and "Ruth, and .Naomi," MBa'.~~; Niinmo gave rest ir»~the Lord1? in 'happy... i > stele. , Mr. Phillips sang_witjh feeling the beau tiful 8Qlo " The lo^tchora," andMr. Nashinffin recitative "Bxalt'now ye faithful," "au& the cavatiha " Once by his bid supernal" wa^equally j -r successful. Messrs. 'Nash and Phillips satis" with taste the duet" Polaski's banner;," and Mr. Coomhe rendered the sold " O Lord, ha thoumy . light" in a ,pleasing manner. During an interval several prizes were';presented to the. hoys of tha . ■ - Church choir for their good conduct.;, The prow . . .^ T ceedsdf 'the concert were in aid of "the orgaff J - ;V fund.; _■ ' J - 