SALT AND RUST. Tho following letters havo boon addressed to a contompornry : — Sir, — In your issue of tho 9th instant a letter appears signod ' J. 'W.' on rust and how to prevent it. I will pass the groator part of his letter ovor without commont, but in tho lattor part ho writes that ho novor hoard any ono say that ho saw rust in a field of wheat that was eaton down with sheop. If ho had wound up his letter at that, for my part I would have loft ban alone, and ncvor mentioned that I saw rust in wheat that was fed off with sheop, aud not only saw it but folt it. Ho also says that far mers who would focd thoir wheat off with sheep at tlio ond of August or beginning of September would not havo rust. With all respect to 'J.W.' and his opiuionsl cannot agree with him. It is all moonshino to think feeding off with sheep will keop wheat from having tho rust, as tho following will testify : — I sowed tlireo bags of purplo straw wheat on fourtcon acres of land, tho second crop iu tho month of May, 1875. Fed it off with shocp to tho ond of August, and whon it camo out iu ear it looked a Bplondid crop, nnd I thought it would turn out at the least six bags to tlio aero. I started to cut it on tho first day of January, whou it was sickening to look at, for it was rust and nothing but rust from morning till niglit, and instead of six bags of wheat, I got two. And, mind you, not of wheat, but wheat's ghost; aud tho strangest part was that none of my neighbours had rust or tho sigh of it, thoir crops boing ripo a few days before mino, nnd not having boon eaton down with sheep. — Yours, &e.;, li. Tatong, 14th August. Sir, — As ono who has used salt on many occa sions, permit nic to inform Mr. John Knight that there is no danger in using salt as a top dressing, provided it is not ovonlono. I havo a small crop of hay, on which I sowed about three Huartors of a hundredweight to the aero about a fortnight since, aud it looks beautiful. I would tlioreforo recommend about ono hundred weight to tho ucro, when tho blado is about four to six inches high. Sow while tho dew is ou it, or before rain. How tho salt acts ou. tho straw nnd prevents rust is a scientific question, not yet definitely sottled, but I havo no hesitation iu asserting that it does it. — Yours, -Se., FARMER. 18 th August. 