PAGAN TEMPLES AND ROMAN CATHOLIC TEMPLES. BY SIGNOR GIOVANNI FERRERO, BB.L. The Christian place of true adoration or worship is heaven, into which Christ has passed, and of which the holy places of the tabernacle in the wilderness and the Temple in Jerusalem were symbols, or shadows of the good things to come (Heb. ix. 23, 24, and x. 1—25). The hour to which our Lord refers in his dialogue with the Samaritan woman at the well of Sychar (John iv., 21—24) is come, which hour has made obsolete the Israelitic worship, abolished the practice of the Jewish service, and reduced to historical symbol and allegory all the earthly material of the Israelitic Temple. The place, therefore, where now God's people come together is not the Temple, but the believers who come together to worship the Father in spirit and in truth, those believers, who are resting on the blessed work of redemption through the sacrifice cf the Lamb of God, and through the blood shed for their sins, these believers have boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus, by a new and living way which He has consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, His flesh. (Heb x. 19-20; John iv. 21—24). True worshippers look to God's right hand as the place, and to Christ as the centre of worship. The place where Christ is, is the zenith, or the point above head of every believer in the Lord, and the nadir of every Christian, or the point on which we stand on earth, is the spot from which our faith elevates our spirits into the heavenly sanctuary, where is our High Priest and the apostle of our profession. Basilicas, cathedrals, churches, or chapels are not places of worship, but places in which true worshippers may gather together to worship. The true worshippers form the temple, not the temple the worshippers. In the various places the House cf God unite to worship the Father, so that the children of God, by faith in Jesus Christ, are the temple of the living God (see 1 Corin. iii. 16, 2 Corin. vi. 16) and the house in which God (who is Spirit) dwells, as we are taught by Paul in Hebrews iii. 6, 1 Peter ii. 5. Temples made by hands God has abolished, and rejects them still. Such is the teaching of the Apostles in Pentecostal days, telling Jews and Gentiles that the economy of spiritual and heavenly worship has begun, that the hour is come in which God is worshipped in spirit and in truth, neither is worshipped with men's hands (or in buildings made by men), neither dwelleth He in temples made with hands (Acts vii. 48, xvii. 25 ; Hebrews ix. 11—24). Such teaching, while it acknowledges the beauty fof the shadow, magnifies the reality of the Bubstance, elevates the economy of the spirit above the letter, and places, by faith, the believer in Christ not merely with, but in Christ, one with Him, free from earthly means to ascend to God by nature, but ascending to Him by the power of the Holy Ghost, through whom we learn to worship in spirit and in truth. In the types of the Old Testament we have as it were an illustrated alphabet or picture book for young children, to instruct them in the truth. But when the man or the youth has learnt to read, he parts with the illustrated primer and goes on to perfection, though he may preserve the picture book as a memorial of the first principles of learning. Such is the teaching of the Epistle of Paul to the Hebrews, teaching Judaising believers to see Christ and the spiritual worship foreshadowed in|the Israelitic ceremonial, and teaching them to consider the Apostle and High Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus, of whom Moses, Aaron, David, the altars, the censer, the candlestick, the ark, the temple, the manna, the lambs, the goats, the bullocks, the pigeons (see Levit. i. 2, 3) were types and not realities. From the Apostles' teaching and practice we learn the true nature of spiritual and true Christian worship. We can discover the idolatrous practice of Christendom in Popery and in Protestant Ritualism; we can guard against traditions of men, either of the 2nd or of the 19th century. With the eye of faith, anointed by the truth, we can detect the schemes and ruses of Satan, whose aim is to perpetuate idolatry, using the very Word of God with Satanic intrusion, in order to rob God of His glory. Such as who mimic Poperv are worse than the Papal worshippers—having the Word of God for the only rule of faith, professing to protest against anything which is not of the truth as in Jesus, they pervert the counsel of God teaching doctrines according to men's tradition—" Such are false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming themselves into the Apostles of Christ, and no marvel, for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light. Therefore, it is no great [thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness, whose end shall be according to their works." (2 Cor. si. 13—15.) After such testimony of God's word against fleshly worship and earthly temples, it scarcely needs a word of proof to show that popish and ritualistic temples are framed with reference to rebellion; some places are higher and holier than others, nearer to God, set apart for those who are officially higher, holier, and nearer to God than other men ! I have written more than I intended on the misconception of temple and house of God, but I hope these lines will be read by those whose tendency to papal liturgy, or whose sentimental religious education nourishes the desire to get the things of Popery in Protestant places of worship, though without the Pope to rule them. Better between two evils, better for them to go at once to Papal Rome, and clear the ground from their rubbish for true Christian and evangelical Protestantism. And now to the proofs that Papal temples are parallel to those of Pagan Rome. When the Pagans intended to build a temple they marked the circumference of the plot of land, they surrounded its periphery with ribbons and linen bands. The vestals watered with blessed water the circumference of the sacred spot; the priests offered prayers for the speedy success of the future building; sacrifices of victims, libations, and offerings were made; ingots of gold and silver, precious stones, vases of wine, bread, were buried in the sacred ground, and the people attended the consecration and inauguration of the future temple with branches of laurel and of olives in their hands. Papal Rome has mutatis mutandis the same and exact rites in consecrating a future sanctuary, except the prayers, which are taken from the Chronicles word By word (except few mutilations) as Solomon pronounced them, not at the initiation, but at the completion of the temple—for the Scriptures have no prayers for the beginning of a temple, but only when the temple is completed (see 2 Chron. v. vi.) The Pagans fancied that their gods were more personally present in their temples than in any other place. The same feeling is with Popery and Ritualism, who believe that God and the saints are more present in their buildings. Let us see the parallelism of both:— PAGAN TEACHERS. PAPAL TEACHERS. We consecrate our tem-| God is in the temples ples to the gods, not to |more personally than else- protect them from the |where. He hears more inclemency of the atmos-| propitiously our prayers. heric changes, but to| The Church begs of God have them nearer to us,| to send His Spirit in the to speak to them face to| temple built for Him, face, for they can hear us| and to impart His grace better when they are |there to watch over His nearer to us.—" Livy, de| house to come and dwell Deis." in it.—(Bellarminus and The idolatrous Romans,| Con. Triden Seit 27.) Greeks, and Egyptians, |Thousands of Papists undertook long pilgrim-| go annually to Rome to ages to temples of Diana| St. Peter's to kiss the at Ephesus, Apollo at| feet of his statue, Delphi, and Ceres in| which are almost worn by Sicily. Kings and con-| the kisses of the past and suls sent deputies to re-| present devotees. What present them.—(Plin.) |will the future do ? Others go to Loretto, and now the fashion is to go in France to the Madonna of la Salette. The pilgrimages of the Mahomedans to Mecca and Medina are the same as those to St. Peter and Paul at Rome. What is as strange as ridiculous is the multiplicity of temples sacred to Virgin Mary. There are in Rome seventy churches dedicated to the Virgin under one name or other, while there are only two dedicated to the Lord Jesus! What will you say about Peter's preaching as in Acts iv. 12 ? What a confusion of ideas, and what strange abuse in polytheism. Was it so in the primitive church, even in St. Austin's time ? Let us hear him ; he is a father of the fifth century.—" The truth of God and the Church would condemn us should we build temples of wood or of stone to an angel, were he the most privileged being, and the most perfect and holy of all angels. Would it not be to render worship to the creature instead of the Creator ? (Adv. Maxim. Arian lib. 1.) What would St. Austin say if, travelling through Papal Italy, Papal France, Germany, and Spain, and alas! through Protestant England, should he see temples sacred to St. Gabriel, to St. Michael, as the Church of St. Michael in Cornwall, and to other beings whose existence and sanctity is doubtful? And yet Papal Rome honours St. Austin with temples and altars against his own teaching. He is numbered in the roll of the four doctors of the Church, of whom he is the first, and the most gorgeous temples are sacred to his name in Rome, Turin, Florence, Milan, Naples, etc., etc. It is remarkable that the very architecture of the Papal temples has no analogy with the Jewish temple, but their order and places are all Pagan. You see the Gothic in England and Germany, the Doric in the south of Italy, the Corinthian in Greece (though abounding everywhere as the most gracious of all orders and more mythologic from its origin), the Tuscan at Florence, the Norman in France, the Byzantine in Austria and the Danubian principalities, and the Moresque in Spain. The Church of Rome allows sentiment to act instead of faith, and permits the Chinese to call their pagoda a temple to God. . . De gustibus non est disputandum : she leaves every nation to follow their taste in religion, provided they believe and bow to the Pope. Yet Baronius observes (ad diem 13 a.m. Ma/'iu) that the Christians of the first five centuries up to Pope Gregory the 1st, had such horror of Pagan temples that when they could do so they demolished them, or at least never used them for worship. But Boniface the IV. (see Antiqua urbit splendor) was the first to convert Pagan temples into Christian ones. The temple sacred to all gods, called Pantheon was changed into a kind of Westminster shrine to honour all the saints of the world, as England honours all her heroes of war, science, and literature. The Pantheon is now called Santa Maria della Rotonda—Mary at tho head of all Baints. All the images and statues of gods were changed into saints, giving to Jupiter the name of Peter, to Paul that of Mercury. The temple of the following gods- the following Baints— became the temples of Juno St. Michael. Hercules St. Stephen. Goddess of Fortune St. Mary of Egypt. Saturn St. Adrian (a Pope) Jupiter Feretrius St. Mary of the Rainbow Venus St. Mary Aventina Apollo Capitolinus St. Mary Capitolina Hercules, Groat Altar St. Mary of the Oil. &c.f; &c.; &c.;, &c.; And, as many gods were So Pope Boniface IV. unknown, the Pantheon embraced them Ognissanti; that means called the Pantheon all. " sacred to all saints, past, present, and future." This temple was sanctified the 13th of May, 607, by Boniface, but Gregory IV., perhaps more infallible than his predecessors, altered tho date of the festivity of all saints to the 1st November in 835\. Augustine Stenchus, the Bibliothecarian of the same pope, dared to weep over such profanation. " How," he writes, "how would it be that what was an abomination to God should become holy and sanctified ? The temples of idols are not become the temples of God. The temples of Castor and Pollux, are they not tho church of St. Cosmas and Damien ? Alas! all the manners and customs of Paganism have become the portion of our Christianity." And these are the words of the Bibliothecarian of Gregory IV. What says Paul, Protestants and Roman Catholics, you both profess to believe his teaching ; listen then and obey his words :—" What agreement hath the temple of God with idols 1 For ye are the temple of the living God, as God hath said, I will walk in tliem, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Therefore, come out from among thein and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you." (2 Cor. vi. 16,17.) 