Cricket Notes. BY "BAILEE." On Saturday last the Pioneers and Tradesmen . met for their first match, the former playing 15 of the latter. The President of the Pioneers, our worthy Mayor, Mr.T. Hack, J.P., delivered the first ball ot the match, thus showing an interest in the game which it would be well to know is felt by others of our leading persons. The Tradesmen were first at the wickets, from which they retired one after another in rapid succession. Omond made about the longest stand, and some of the players managed to hit |a twoer or threer, and then retired. Lane's bowling played havoc with their wickets, though it did not seem, to be so good as it sometimes is. Price's over rather surprised some of the Tradesmen, three wickets for no runs being rather a scarce average. McKenzie kept wickets well, but the other fielders had precious little to do. On the Pioneers going to defend the sticks play was altered a little. Jamieson rattled up 14 while Watson was getting two runs, and then collapsed ; McKenzie went in and commenced hitting in fine style, after the demise of McLachlan for 13, well made ; Dewar made 11; Watson retired for a slow 13 ; and Price filled the vacant place. Runs came quickly, and when stumps were drawn, McKenzie (33, not out) and Price (11, not out) left the score at 99, with four wickets down. The bowling of the Tradesmen did not seem up to much, and in fielding they should recollect that it is not cricket to shy the ball at the wicket because the batsman may want them to do so. They should also endeavor to throw the ball so that it may be held by somebody or other (most cricketers give the wicket-keeper the preference), and not over all the fielders' heads. Otherwise they do very fairly. The Centrals played a match, Clerks v. Tradesmen. The quill-drivers got a severe defeat, the handicraftsmen almost doubling them. The game, however, was a rather careless one, not even the players seeming to take much interest in it. Perhaps that is only natural, and they will make up, when they meet any other Club, for any lack of interest on this occasion. Several of the batsmen were hitting ouL well, notably Reid and Tilberry, though the latter was not particularly safe. I did not notice aaiy new bowlers having a try, but the old ones did as well as usual. The Rising Stars, now Lefevre's Peninsulas, played their opening game, showing that they have not yet given up the ghost. 