THE TTHISPERED STORY. . Tozt told ma thaVtha home ?u haunted- Nothing hud baaii ihi In tb? ihRpe of an mpptrltlon by thoie it ho raildad lh?re ; there wii no tcrrtfie dl?turb?noe. no brieht. mysterious light, but, there was a general belief that the bouse was hauntod. The ghost wsa a well-behaved ghost, and modest. On inquiring of one who bad alept there, I learned that be had heatd nothing except a eonfaaed murmur, a sound of low, indlstinot speech, as ol some one trying to speak while suffering under aphony. It wis a laborious whisper, of whioh a word now and then was audtole. I asked him what words, and he told ma that two ha remembered—." fails' and." boat," but no othera. The only thing remarkable about.that waa that othera who had alept there had beard the ume words. That'gave m>, I: was sure, a key to the matter, and I smiled. I boneluded the purchase of the houae that very daT* It waa cheap enough. Nobody wonld.live in it, and [\ waa rotting through disuse. The owner, who needed ready can, waa glad ts> get rid ot hla pro&tleas; properly. The houae itaelf waa a comtoriable manalon, that ooat lO.OOOdoI to build, and the ground ratber. more than three acrei, and had been hand somely laid out in trees and shrubbery, thoa?h now overgrown with brainblts. The a'rebiteot asaured mc that IBOCUOI. would put the house and gronndi In order and add [ modern conveuleneea. S3 I bought it for 2000Jol. down, and had the neceaaary repairs nad*, their cost overrunning the estimate nearly 300 101. 83 that for 4000dol. I obtained a handsome and convenient; dwell log on the banks ot a noble river, with the tiny demesne -sloping to the aouth-weat, h'avlng ptctureaque views on either hand, and in a good neighbourhood. The night. before my family were to remove to it I.took up my lodging in the homo alone, having had k pallet laM down in theill br*ry. I luppoat the stories I had hoard, tbongh I had laughed at thtm, made their impression on my mind. .. Sadh things, alwaya do, in spite of reason. A v?gue fesllni; of uneasi ness fill* 111 in the pretence of mystery .even though our ourloalty or our. pride, gets the batter of our terror, and we probe the thing to the bottom, or try to.. That may aooount for my reatle%abess, for I was restless and wakeful. . I had been buay all day In ar ranging furniture, and In dlreotlua; the men at work on the grounds, in the latter cue handling the spade aud mattook myself quite oft<-d, and was thoroughly tired. Yet I could not jUep. l< was tun o'olook when I turned down the light so that it only gave a taint gllmmsf,aod lay down. Eleven o'clock came, and twelve, and I atlll to'ssd on my oouchwlth open ejea. When the esho of the laat atroke of the bell of the church in the neighbouring toon of B- died away, I felt tuern waa something or someone lv the room. I sprang- up, turned the light on full, and grAspad. the loaded revolver whiohlay on the library.Ublo. There was no. one there certainly that J could sea, a\nd tbe door was looked, .and I laughed at my. alarm. The next: moment, aa I threw inyaelt In .the gre?t Rrm-ohatr, I felt there was: someone close id mc. Just then there was a low and .laboured whisper at my right ear. The Iwoids were distinct, though faintly uttered: j ; "Let mo tell you my story.Vr \ : /1 aprang up and looked around. .Nothing (there. It appeared to be imagination,, and ,jot I fait terror. Was I a?ake P I was, .undoubtedly. The whisper came a/(ain: . " You muat listen," .-.-.. ] I felt that to be true. The thin, loy, forood whisper held mc by a sp-11. I could not have moved had flimea buret out around mc. Body and mind seemed'atrlaken with jpalsyv , I could hear, but ''nothing more. Tiiaa tbe whisper retnrned, and I can .'remember all that followed, word for word, 'and can write it. out, and again, Iwithout varying aword or'letter. , "It was thr*e miles above the oataract. 'Ail atood upon the rlvor.bank I could see, even at that point, with what swiftness thu Niagara was; hurrying tonard the' fatal 1 plunge. There waa a skiff tied io a root on 'the bank, and aa It afforded mc a' seat 1 stepped in aud a?t down in the stern-sheets. .Tnere I played with my band> In the stream land listened to the distant, inoeisint roar ot the boiling waters. Aa I sat there I thooght of my young wife hundreds of miles away, I whom I bad laft a few daya before to attend I to aome'bnslness in Ginaaa, and whom I was to rejoin the'next day, having taken thla ipbint on my way homeward. I sat: there 'with my eyas half cloiud, aud then, throwiug ; myself backward, was lulled to sleep by the imonotonona noise.' ' How long'l alspt I riu {not know, but aplerolngahrlek, rising above the dull ro?' of the f*lU, awakened mc. 1 looked around. The boat had broken loos-> and I waa far oat In the stream and drifting rapidly toward the falls, i: sprang uf to seize (be oars and pall to shore. There were no o*rs In the boat. . " I glanced toward the shore. It aeemad the bank was lined with men, women aud children, who may h*v? oalled to mc, but I could hear nothing. My first impulte was to leap overboard,',bat then I could not, ?winx. ?. ...'.'?.. ?-.???'?. ... ' ??,'?-??.?' ;.- ,' "A , man on the bank threw a laaso. I waited the coming of the loop, and reached my hand toward It, but It fell short. It, was drawn in, and the man, running awlttty. to a point.further, down,; triad agiln. Uβ apparently oust it with greater force/but it foil further off than before. I win being drawn nearer to the dentra of the boras-shoe. "And now there urne the. letharyy of doaptlr. I sat then, without.. hope and witnout. feir. My doom w? Inoviuble. The motion ot the .'boat grow faster ?ud faster, the dlatan* banks whirled past m<-, and then my spirit rose in a kind ot ecstasy. I gave a sharp glaaoa around ma and langhed. As the boat struck the ed?e o! the abyaa and rose for the Bual plunge, I caught sight ot a denaa mist; I hsard above the ruar the rush of a'th'oneand wings ; I felt. a> though atrnck with a numbing blow, and breath and oonaalousuess left mo together. "It aeemedto be a dream, for when I reooveie.l I was here in my own?; houae. Yuodor sat my wife, dad ia bUok, her h>ad bulled In.her hands. Ye<! It aeemed to be a dream, for though I tried to speak to her my lips made no sounds, and I heard nothing. I touched her, but'she-did not heed lv i looked around the room bewildered. "It waa thla library. There on a long table, which.did not belong here, lay some. 'thing like -a'haman form, covered by a sheet.' What was it doing here 7 Whose body l?y cber'e f A new .and -more unapt likable terror aebed-me. I wonld like to have cried out. I could noC I was. dumb.' ~?'.:.? I "My wife aroao and w.nt to the table. ' Now,' I aald to myaelf, ,' I ?hall know all. . Sue-raised' the 'cbrer'from'her. he?d/?nd, stooping down, klaaed the (son of the corp'ae.' Could it be that' my father-10-Uw. Colonel Bjiirnaltigh, had died while I was a??y! I did ' noi walk, bat ! I w?? moved' by some unseen power until I atood by my wife and over the rte?d body" and looked down. I knew, it all then. .I;' recognised the 'cold,' j Ufeleaa'f ace. ? It watmy d*o - ." ' ? ! -Then the whltpor ceased,* and I-Ml ln *' deep sleep, in tbe chair. . It was daylight when I SWoke. Si ' looked 1 around; ! Had-I d?amed : it ailr On the table was , the fragmeat of a, newspaper. ' PiokJng it up, ay glance caught the name of a former owner" of the liouse; and I r?d as follow* :.. ' ;J ."MEtAKOBOir .' CAJB.OiI.Tr.—A terrible, eient occurred un Friday Uat.' Robsri Q.ant, of thla village, on bis rat urn ,to Toronto, where he had been on boalness;. stopped at !Cl?gaj-?; He took a walk above the falls after breakfaat. Be moat bare got in a boat and" lost or broken the oars—kbqujh it la said no ban were in the boat. He. w*>. seen afioat by a Urge crowd of people juat above the fall. '- Every attempt waa ruade to rescue him, but nnsucceaatally, and he waa carried to his death.. His body was recovered on Snnday, aod'U now on ita way here. He leavea a widow." ' ? I had certainly never seen that. paragraph* before. I am quite sure of Ui?t. From that, time out there have - been no noises in the house, except such as could. be e*aily explained, uu) u>o WhiipM*d TOio? never oatne agalo.. Yet. If U wan oodiwn, or no Imaginary whisper, why. should. ;>b? ijhojt hare told bl< story to m?, and why. ahould hetelUtat all! : .-.:.: \ .:?;:??,V^^b* 