The .Chinese Question in Cali fornia. ' (PKOJI AN OCCASIONAL COBRESrONDENT.l ,, ' SAN FRANCISCO, November 20. MANY subjects and dangers excite the solicitude and olaim the attention of the American government. Com munism, socialism, republicanism, democratism, and nationalism are all brewing like beer in a keg, but Ohiharûânism is the most complex and dangerous ism that threatens the peace and quiet of the Occident. It has unsettled the political tranquility of the entire Pacific coast, divided parties, disunited and sent into obscurity long reigning policies, while the state government of California has changed hands, a remodelling of the state constitution attempted, and a general conflict of public opinion prevails. In the early days of '49, when gold waa discovered at Sutter's Millrace, in the foot-hills of the Sierras, a general migration took place in all corners of the world ; and venturous spirits, of all nationalities, crosäed the seas, and v^ore reinforced by the yeomen from all the States stretching from Florida Keys to the Falls of Niagara, who came climbing over the mountains and threading every scalable pass in the Rocky Ranges, to the new El Dorado of the west. In that motley congregation of nations a few China men came and cast in their lot. The industry of these Celestials, and their willing readiness to work " berry cheap," brought them into great demand. A_ sufficient number of white workmen had no in clination to leave their fire sides " in the States," plod over the vast plains, cross thirsty deserts, and endure the privations of so long and perilous a journey with the chances of being Btarved or eaten up by bears,-to supply the demand for labour in developing the mines. Every man was a miner ; every one was for himself. The Chinese fitted iu as labourers like a. tube into a cup. Their cheap labour was utilised by the roving gold-hunter. Tho demand grew apace, messages were promptly despatched to their cronies in the flowery kingdom, to loso no time in appearing in thia land of promise, where, if the woods were not flowing in milk and wild honey, they were flowing with streams bottomed in gold. The Celestials needed but little persuasion to set their bungaloWB in order, and come. Ships brought over swarms of grinning Mongolians by every wind, who dispersed themselves in every direction over the country, and "still they came," until it was wondered how many people China contained, and the realisation of the possibility of the Pacific coast being overrun with Chinese, dawned upon the unwilling minds of the people, and many prudent men s-id stop ; but the masses unheeded the alarm, and no measures were taken to stem this torrent of Oriental immigration, and Pekin and Shanghai continued to pour into Cali fornia its hordes of indiscriminate and unre stricted inhabitants. The most audacious thieves, and " gangs of cut-throats, skilful bundara, criminals, trained in the hotbeds of crime in tho Oriental cities, of every dye and Bhade. their cunning intellects had developed, came with the industrious and diligent, and begun their career of pilfering ; sluice-box robbery and stealing was of nightly occurrence. But it must be said to the credit of tho greater proportion of Celestials that they were industrious and patient toilers in the goldfields, many of whom worked all day and stole all night. When the gold fever subsided, and the surface, diggings were worked out, many of the miners were exercised not only to know what to do with the claims but with themselves. They looked abroad over tho fertile valleys and saw that it was a goodly land, and thought it should be tilled The rich plains were brought under cultivation, and wheat fields spread their green squares over the level valleys. Grand mansions rose in every direction; orchards covered many hillsides where hitherto the wild quail had piped his song - the cayote, the red fox, and the wolf roamed undisturbed. The Chinese were again utilised. The wheat field8 and vineyards proved to be as profitable, if not more permanent bonanzas, than the goldfields. Cities Bprang up. The roving population collected in masses, and settled themselves. The Chinamen huddled themselves together in dens and rookeries in every village. Their wondering vo cation in the mines, and the free ventilation of their talents had deprived them of a combina tion or settled system of evil doing, but massed together their ingenuity in union found strength and their tact in counterfeiting, devising fraud, and carrying on their back-handed prácticos, gathered strength accordingly. To make matters worBe, diseases which had been previously unsuBpectedintheir systems, rapidly developed themselves under various forms and titles, and prudent citizens began to in quire if the State did not bid fair to become an hos pital. But the cheapness of their labour and the love of gain drowned all fears, and the Chinese immieration continued. Ia the meantime, thousands and tens of thousands of the labour ing class in " the States," hearing California was not so wild a place as they_ thought it was, and receiving reports of its salubrioua climate, and the fertility of its soil, after its partial subjuga tion into civilization, experienced a desire to " go west." Roads having been surveyed, stages put m motion, to enter the Pacific and the States, a gradual and Bteady stream of immigration took place, that, encouraged by glowing accounts despatched home ward-bound, by enthusiastic arrivals to lingering friends in the roar, swelled into a perfect rush west ward. People sold out at a sacrifice, and joiued the long procession of waggons that rolled their duh ty way in one continuous train from the Mississippi to the Sacramento. California was Boon flooded with a sufficiency of white labour to carry on everything movable or workable within its confines. In faot, a serious question arose how a good many could keep from! (starving. They looked around them. They saw the Chinese, that they were fat and slick, at work, and laying by money, by means both fair and foul. The conviction grew that ho waa an encum brance, that his absence was desirable, and his place acceptable. Au era of persecution Bet in, but John held on like a church louse, aud his companions from the Orient continued to appear. In the meantime, the state was filled with chambermaids, needlewomen, laundresses, jockies, grooms, cooks, and professionals, and jacks at _ all trades of every degree, who gained a limited footing ; but tho irrepres sible John invaded the kitchen, took charge of the stoves, he ingratiated himself into the good graces of the housewives, and manipulated tho making up of bedB and dusting of parlours. Ho bent his spine to the washboard, and sent the laundresses into bankruptcy, and exiled or sont into necessitativn prostitution the chambermaids, whilo tho COOICB and general labourers Btood^ off and swore. But John turned deaf ears to thoir anathemas, and continued the turning of hiß hand to everything conceivable and inconceivable. He finally took tho needles between his fingers ; he placed his toes on the treadles ; he took the last upon his lap ; he installed himself at the looms ; ho planted himself at tho anvil : he took chargo of the gardenB and fishing-nets, and good-bye to everything thatßtood in his way. What waa the motive power? "Cheap labour I" His capability of adaptability carried him through. His aptness in picking up the run of every branch of Industry, and commanding at his fingers' ends the whole routine of any calling to which he turned his head, sustained him in his position, and they mono polised the labour industry of the whole Pacific Coast; toiling often for what a white man would starve on. A population of white "hoodlums" flourished from the' unoccupied class of males, while the helpless feminines sought refuge in houses of ill fame. The ynungBters, from their inability to get employment, manufactured out of themselves a first class type of larrikins. The gaols were speedily called into requisition to reconstruct theBe transgressors of the law, and their cells were rapidly and quickly populated ; but here they encountered na many Chinese inmates as troubled them without. To make matters worse, the Chinese had quartered themselves in a section of San Pranciaco, and knocked up a model of au amateur Chinese town, encumbered with all the filth, and permeated by all the foul pases and pesti lential vapours which their dark allies of reeking corruption, putrid and decaying matter, abomi nable stenches, and unventilated stench holes could germinate. Opium dens were planted like onions, in a row, and their sickening odours polluted the air and defiled the atmosphere for squares around, and property depreciated accordingly. They stowed themselves away in rookeries like rats in a hole, and curled up in their narrow berths like sardines in a box. Fifty thousand Chinamen collected together within thia nest of hot house defilement. When they emptied their dens of their occupation, their allies hardly had standing room for their jabbering host. Ie may be unnecessary to say that disease of every shape and form, known and unknown, fevers and pes tilence of a nameless calibre, found a ready growth, and soon took possession of thia crowded, sweltering cesspool of impurity. Small-pox took up its undis puted and permanent residence in their midst, and fed on whatever came in ita way, and spread to the uttermost parts of the State. Malignant fevers ema nated punctually and steadily from this association of disease, and claimed high and low for square around as its victims. Leprosy set in its unexpected and obnoxious pre sence. Scarred, and blare- eyed, and spotted patients, placarded with BoreB, appeared like phantom ghosts at the narrow doorways. Some of their diseases were handedaround among the whito citizens, and their vegetables and domestic connection with families did the balance. For successive seasons the scourge of small pox infested the plauge-ridden spot, until the authorities woke up to urgent need of over hauling and fumigating their disreputable rookeries, and imprisoning or sawing off the sacred cue of any celestial found asleep without a sufficiency of air. Their epidemic was fortunately burned and smoked out, and the denB of plague-ridden inmates sent to distant hospitals. The publie then took a rest, and the polluted quarter soon resumod its plague- ridden propensities, and aits and will continue to exist as a standing menace to the health of the city, ns a central depot of epidemic and disease, with a liability to break out and ravish the country at any hour of tho day or night. To illustrate their capability in the work of des truction, we may refor to the desolation they have brought on the Sandwich Islands. Among a hale and robust population of) native Islanders, by sexual con tact they introduced their abomination of abomina tions-leprosy-which imperceptibly in an incredible abort duration of time spread through and permeated a third of the entire population, until leprosy was as rife as common colda all over the ielands ; nnd to-day, on the island of Molokai, an asylum of 1000 native lepers out of a population of 50,000, with hundreds yearly added to their numbers, stands as a specimen of their work. With this painful and saddening scene of dying and rotting humanity suffering and wasting away before our eyes, who cannot cry out, for the sake of mankind, away with such inoculators and propagators of disease and death from our midst. Every effort is now being brought to bear upon the celestials todecamp. But John willnotgo worth acent, and he has the encouragement of a money monetary and grasping capital list to remain quietly when» ho is. Some yearB ago the manufacturers of San Fran cisco discharged their white labour and engaged Chinese at lower wageB. John as soon, forsooth, as he had inculcated a proficiency in the knowledge of the business into his oriental skull, unostentatiously withdrew from hie employer, and set up in opposition against, and undersold, his tutor and benefactor. There he touched his friends on a tender place-their pocket. A great hue and cry was spontaneously raised by the capitalists against the slyand^ meddlesome Johns and war to the knife was proclaimed. Mass meet inga were assembled, harangues and vituperation were loudly ßhowered upon hia Celestial head. Red hot petitions were drafted and despatched by trusty messongerB to Congress, without the preliminary pas time of remodelling the treaty of nations, to instantly expel the Celestials from the country, and resurrected a prétention of great anxiety touching the white labouring class, and concern about the welfare of their households. The labouring clasa saw their chance ; they took up the question-inflammatory utter ances and incendiary speeches were indulged in on every street corner by every larrikin who, with three fingers of whiskey under his shirt could find his tongue IOOBO enough to orate. Insurrection, extermination, burning out was agitated and tried, and in turn abandoned aa unfeasible. Finding yet considerable .opposition by tho _ property holdora wanting labour cheap, the working claBS associated themselvea together in a political confederation and captured the State Government, and hot work may be expected. As yet the National Government baa not found itself in a mood to deal with the question. They sent out some amateur statesmen " to investigate." But little was expected from a coramiH aion who had enforced, in defiance to law and nature, an uncivilised negro Government upon some of the richest States in its poaseMcion, ond prostituted, de based, bankrupted, and wilfully degraded the State Governments all along the southern soaboard. With this anti-negro commiseion on ita travob, whose ironclad conacience would have stooped to anything short of murder, the public justly suspected that Congress had better have kept ita money in the treasury, and its oommiBsionors at homo, as this carioature on "investigation," in per fect accordance with general expectation, after junketing over the Pacific coast, viewing the mountain scenery, andenjoyingthomselves at the public exponae, and taking a little one- sided testimony at odd houre, handed in their verdict, that they thought that even the OhineBO should be given suffrage, and put in poa Bosaion of the state government, and roignîng m con junction with tho negroes. thuB exemplifying to the world tho equality of tho raceB. It is needless to Bay that their constituents, in disgust, spat this decision out of their mouths as either too hot or too cold, they caredlittle which, and thiB commisBionreturned whence it came, and so far as the Pacific const ia concerned, are excusod from delivering any further impressions on the Chinese question, although their ideas carry with them some weight of argument in the general and indiscriminate establishment of "universal suffrage" and "equality of man," On the same philosophy the Indians could be invited to chairs in Congress, and Sitting Bull accommodated with a seat in the Senate. We have had Mr. Kwang Chang Ling (who intel lectually is a man among men) recently amongBt us. Kwang Chang Ling, Esq., says in some very states manlike letters written and published in the San Francisco press, what he_ will do if we so much as raise our hands against his fellows. Mr. Kwang Ling, tells us that China has laid her finger on six of the most approved ironclads of British persuasion, and engaged officors who are not afraid of gunpowder to man its guns ; and at a signal they will descend upon our Pacific commerce and at one fell blow sweep our ships from the broad surface of ito waters, and may, perhaps, cripple it upon tho Atlantic, and take into custody the Pacific coast, knock tho bottom out of San Francisco, destroy our foreign commeroe, until we Bhrivel up like a dried fig, with his six "iron clads ;" and I don't know what else he won't do. I wonder where all the American navy will bo all that time ! We are certainly obliged to Mr. Ling for tell ing us what he will do. We will be equally obliging, and take him into our confidence, and instruct Mr. Ling what we will do. If he brines his " BÍX iron clads " over here, we are certainly not a-going to run ; and he had better not bring wooden cannons with his " 'clads." This man in authority complains that the omnipre sent Americans have taken themselves to China, and monopolised the water transportation of the vast Empire, gobbled up the river traffic of tho Sangtse Kiang, and manipulated everything they could lay their speculative hands upon, and coined their mil lions out of the shallow pockets of Chinamen ; and he grievously asks tho tough question, have Chinamen not the equal right to make their habitation in Ame rica, and pick up a living, and, if possible, some money ? He further reviews the tangible fact that British guns invaded their sacred waters, knacked their cities to pieces, forced their opium and whisky upon them, seized their trade, came and quartered themselves upon them, grew rich upon their spoils, and in the contentment of their hearts said it was a glorious country, founded wholesale houses in their midst, and turned up a second East Indian speculation out of their substance, and he humbly plies us with tho question, "are not Chinamen allowed breathing room and protection from insult outside their own territory ?" Here, undoubtedly, Mr. Ling makes a j>oiut, but with duo deference to his feelings we will try to answer him by another. Every nation has the right and should protect itself agninst the introduction of crime and disease. If you will send ÜB only healthy and honest men wo say we can't answer you Mr. Chang Ling. But the fact of capi talists going to China and swindling them out of their commerce, and growing rich and impudent oif their gains is no palpable reason why California should be made the receptacle of the criminals, thieves, and burglars of Canton and Hanchow, or appropriated as a penal colony for China. Wo think all governments have the right to quarantine diacaBe, and forbid the importation of questionable characters of a criminal element from every nation, and wo cannot extend any exception to ye celestial Johns. We could not rely upon him to fight our battles, to repel foreign invasion, or vindicate our national honour, or even aid in the annihilation of those " six iron clads ;" hence, while our own citizens are standing idle for occupation, and thoir children crying for bread, why should the countries' defenders and sup porters give way to the neutral aggression of aliens 'I JNEWNAN. It is stated that leprosy exists among the Chinese at Wollongong. There in a tobacco plantation » short distance from the town, manaered by a company of twenty-five Chinamen, and it is two of these that are said to have been found covered with leprosy. The local medical men, it is reported, refused to take charge of the cases, and tho sufferors had to be removed by the police- whither, it is not stated. No information to this effect has been received at the office of the InBpector-General of Police. ! The ordinary meeting of the Political Reform Union was held on Friday, Mr. J. M. O'Connell in the chair. In opening tho proceedings, the president offered his sincere congratulations to members on the termination of the seamen's strike against the employ ment of Chinese by the A, S. N. Company, at the same time urging that the anti-Chinese movement (should be vigorously prosecutod until legislative enact ment delivered tho eountiy from obnoxious Mongolian invasion. It was then suggested that a con gratulatoi-y letter be sent to the Seamen's Union, upon tho successful issue of the strike, and that the wharf labourers, coalminers, and others instrumental in carrying out that movement, bo accorded a cordial vote of thanks. Incidentally hopes were expressed that if members aud friends of the Seamen's Union could discreetly assist in promoting tho objects of the Anti- Chinese League, by according their sympathy and giving their moral Bupport to its operations, they would do so ; and that persevering efforts Bhould be made to advance tho cause of European labour against Chinese and coolie serfdom in tho Australian colonies. Other formal business was transacted, and the pro ceedings closed. Of tho fatal accident to Mr. John Bogg, tho GOUL BURN HERALD reports that an inquest waa held at the Golden Fleece Hotel, Marulan. John M'Callum deposed that he ia a farmer, aud resides at Green wood Meadow. He knew the deceased, who also waa a farmer, and lived near Arthureleigb, and was a widower, and has lbft a family of eight children behind him, two of whom are married. He was 47 yeara of age. William Sharp, a labourer, deposed that ho was at Bannaby on the previous Saturday, and was present at a cricket match. The deceased waa umpire for ono of the sides. The ball was hit by one Whitehend, and struok deceased under the left ear ; he fell instantly. He then roso to his feet and then fell again. Several persons ran to him. He was quito in sensible. Some of the bystanders bathed his head with water. Some brandy was obtained, and an effort made to pour Borne down hiß throat. After the deceased foll the Becond time he neither moved nor Bpoke, and in a few minutes after the ball struck him he died. De ceased woe an old cricketer. When struck he waB not more than seven yards from the wicket. Rowland Whitehead deposed that he WOB present at the cricket match. Deceased waB standing near tho short-leg in the capacity of umpire. Mr. John HillaB was bowl ing. He bowled witness a leg-ball, which came to him on the hop. He hit the ball to leg with all his strength. Aa Boon ns he struck it he ran for the other wicket, and did not watch the ball. When he was turning at the other wicket to como br. ok he Baw decoasod staggering, and some of the men running towards him. Ile was on tho ground. He gave two er three groans and died. Looked to seo whether there WOB any mark under or bohind deceased's oar, but there was none, nor any sign of a blow. Tho bali played with waa one of Duke's tisual cricket balls. The deceased stood nearer the wicket than umpires usually do, and was cautioned. Mr. John Hillas and JameB Weygood wore alao examined, and corroborated the foregoing evidence. The jury found that the de ceased died from the effects of a blow from a crioket ball accidentally received, 