ADELAIDE CORRESPONDENCE. (From our Oity Correspondent,) . ' , Adelaide, April 15, THE ORIENT STEAMERS Now make their appearance in our waters with the regularity of olooltwork, No sooner does .the eleoti'io spark from the mother oountry tell us of the departure of one of these magnificent specimens of naval architecture than the time for her arrival is fixed, and true almost to the day the steamer is here. On Saturday last, one day' before she was expected, the flag of the line was 1 hoisted at.the newspaper offices, and at 8 o'clook the Ohimboraso was at anoliof off the Semaphore. The news brought was of twelve days' later date thau that of the newspapers brought by the last P. and 0. steamer, but In its general oharaoter it was unimportant. The John Elder leaves our shores to-morrow with a full passenger list, not a single berth being obtainable for love or money, She made a umgnlfloent run out and it is generally exneoted that her tiip on the home ward voyage will be equally successful, THK EABTIOH HOLIDAYS Are now over, ?od for a wonder at this time of the year, we have been favored with unoxoep tlonable weather, the days being bright ftJldoool, However pleasant this may have been to the. exoursiouist mid holiday matter, I fear that the agriculturist will have strongly objected to the partiality of the gentleman superintending tiiis branch of Cures' operalious, commonly de signated the olerk of the wither, for what we want now is ratu, what we have wanted for months is rain, and according to presepj; appearances, what we are likely to want for an . indefinite , priori ,to tcome, . is, rain, Howover,-ft)r tire purpoBos ^-pleasure-seelem tlio weather of the past few days hus been simply perfection, and advantage has been taken of this fiuot to tlio fijIJ. ^.U fie advertised sports and entertainments liav/b bpen lfbp^lfy p#ty-on Ised, and liftvo passed off with complete .supppss. Only one aooldeut occurred to mar tlip pfen.su re of the season in the unfoituuate death of two children named Russell,' who jumped*off tlio Brighton railway train du Easter Mouday while it was going at full speed, and lost their lives iu /jonpefiuence. pijtOjFI^OR J}/\l/PWIN AND 8PIIUTUAMSM, Ajiyope' gating f}b {t)/j9 jWrcalled dead walls of Adelaide during the ppt jye.ek w tyg GoiflcJ ngt fail to bo fltflfok wftjj t|>p pppn%ly f(jsc(pi|it>pg posters of enormous oif?o js.spd 'by Profess,or Baldwin, a gentleman from AmerioB, who pro foBses to expose spiritualism and the trloks of the mediums, There aro "ghosts" of the old familiar type, awful iu their weirdnoss; the less nr,et>.<p4 .' sp(r|t{i" of the spiritualists, with taui bowrjflejJ, ftellp, $.o,. tipd a ]oj; of other mpterfoHS piotppes ylifofi y,9fj|d Uftd Q{ip tp the bollef that tlio Professor was q spjrftualfst of thp most pronounced typo, wore it not for t|ie foot that he utterly denies the faot. On Saturday evening I went to see the entertaiument, whloh }s a very good one, the various trioks being well perfowpu t but the only diffloulty in the way of the " espoanre1' is that tl^ev are not spiritualism, nor are they anything Jjkp ppf^t^alisn). Of oourse, Mr, Baldwin says they are just what he i saw when he visited the modlums, and for seeing which he paid pound after pound, and equally, of oourse, the audience believe him, and go QW pQflfijfopd that " spiritualism1' oan no longer bjQ wrtoffgly halved ip by any one, I should pprfeptly agree iyltj) t|/p|j) wepe ft ijpt for the faot that 'I Pftvjs wen jiMod deal 'd % spiritualistic phenomena, ? and tlweforp kpov that the trioks of the Professor and (lis lady do not in any way resemble the doings of the me> dlums. I do not think that one single spirit ualist will be oonverted by what he sees at' White's Booms, although tue entertainment is PWfl #7$ Wf'k seeiug. fjQPfi TEMPJvAlW Will doubtless feel Interiwled i»t leaning Mat by the mail for America, leaving Adelaide in-day via Sydney and San Franolsco, an invitation has been forwarded to' the Right Worthy Grand Lodge, the Bupreme body of the Order, whloh is composed of representatives from all parts of t)je civilised world, to hold its session in 1880 in Adelaide Thfs body has hitherto held its sessions in the United Rtatps pr Canada, with the exception of the year 1873, when it mot in London, England; but it has beendoeraed ex pedient in order to exemplify the cosmopolitan nature of the organisation to invite it to come to the laud of tbe Euoalyptus. It is to be hoped that the iuvitation tuay be accepted, and that a good gathering Will be the result. [Th£ foregoing should (wye appeared in our lost issue',] AprlUe, TIIK ItKV, 0, H, SPURGEON Is perhaps the best known minister iu the world. His sermons are raov, and his style an attractive one. He is severely orthodox and has no re spect for the new fashioned 44PP of hell that have of late' years come so much jn(:Q yppe. His hell is truly a place and not a state-apd if we are to believe his'statements in his pub? lished sermons, it is literally a " lake- vl Are and brimstone," Religion with him is a matter of revelation and not of reasoning, and he will have it that everyone's views of the meaning of the revelation must agree with his. Notwith standing this idogmatjsR) pf his, he is without doubt ilie most popular preacher in England, and his Tabernaole is always crowded when It is known he is to preaoh, All divisions of tlio globe are represented in his congregations week after week. Americans rush to hear him the first Sunday they are in London, and Austra lians are to be found at his church regularly. From the Oapo and India visitors at onoo rnaKo thoir wny to tho Tabernaolo to hoar tho groat Mr. Spurgoon, aud go away after the service with a "Thank goodnoss, that's ovor," just iu the way of travellers generally. His popularity extends to his family, and wlien his son was in Australia last year, his preaching was attended by vast crowds of persons belonging to all de nominations and to no denomination bt all, just because he was the son of "the great Mr, Spurgeon." The religious world of Australia will doubtless be put iuto an even greater state of g^tor by the MRouaQwwt in Tlwvp. day b papers that Mr, Spnrgeon hlmnelf is about to pay a visit to Australia for tliu bt'iiiflt of his health, ami the tilmrclioa will lie Hlloil with even greater crowds tliiui assembled to greet his son ; ana these crowds will hear his sermons, say they are wonderful, and will straightway go and forgot all the lossons sought to be. iuoulcmted. Don t tell me-I know all about it from personal experience, although I am not, and ain never likely to be a preaoher, whether popular or un popular. BLUNDERS OP THE POLICE AND HOSPITAL AUTHORITIES. The police force of our oolony, like many another Government department, manage to develope a wondrous faculty for blundering, and another instance of their extraordinary develop ment in this direotlon has just reaohea me, It appears that a gentleman in Adelaide sent his savant a day or two ago on an erraud. The girl had been unwoll for some days, suffering apparently from rheumatism, but was able to get on ut anyrato with the lighter portion of her work, Whilo she was out on itlie erraud she fainted in the street, and' as it was towards evening a orowd soon gathored round her. Sho had a bottle in her nand, nnd when the con stable, who hatl beenjsent for, oame, lie somehow or other rushed to the oonolusion tlmt the girl had taken poison, and he conveyed Iter to the Hospital, stating to the authorities there that suoh was the case. Of course, under the oircumstanoes, there was no time for a olose ex amination, and the stomaoh pump was applied naturally without result. The girl was taken into the Magdalene Ward and left there for some time, when It oame out that she was all the time suffering from rheumatio fever. It certainly appears strange that even under the oirouin stances recounted above a perfectly virtuous girl should be taken into the Magdalene Ward for suoh a thing might very easily ruin her obnracter for life, No one but a woman whose known habits of life aro suoh as to render her without doubt a fit inmate for suoh a ward should ever be introduced therein. In this case, however, I understand that the mistake made was dis covered in time to prevent any serious injury arising, but it shows what may happen to a woman in South Australia. AUSTRALIAN VIGNERONS Ought to take oourage from the following re marks of Le Monitour Venioole, a journal pub lished at Paris in the interests of the winegrow ing and winemakingindustry!-" We thoroughly believe that at no distant date Australia will be able to oompete with the wines of Europe, Australian wines are as pleasant to drink as ours, They are olear, olean on the palate, flue flavored f and they have, besides, a deiicaoy and riohneas far in advanoe of the wines of Amerioa, uot exoludiug the choioest vintages of California. Can it be that some day Australia will vie with France in her exportation of this staple P" There can be no reasonable doubt in the minds of all who know anything what ever of the subjeot that our adopted home has proved itself admirably adapted to the wine making industry, but the faot is that Austra lians themselves are the worse enemies to Australian wine. Wherever you meet them you hear them ruuning down the colonial ar tiol^ ajjd outsiders uaturally feel grave doubts respecting that whioh the growers thereof es teem so lightly, Until this is greatly altered I doubt whether we shall flnd a great sale for the produce of our vineyards in the European markets. There oun be ho doubt that much of the stuff that is,sold as colonial wine is rank poison, but there are wines made tlmt are as Innocuous and as.pleasant to the palate as any from the famed vineyards of France and Spain. RATHER SOLD, A curious case has just ocourred in Adelaide in oouneotiou with the late races whioh bIIOWS how utterly people' may be deceived in their estimate of the merits of the animals ongaged in a race. A number of gentlemen started a. sort of sweep on the Adelaide Cup. each putting in a certain amount, and for eaen stake the proprietor was allowed to baok his fanoy, the rule being that those who had baoked the winning horse were to have the whole amount divided amongst them. There was a great run on Warlook and Timothy, and several of the gentlemen who had entered fancied that by taking two shares and booking eaoli of these horses tlioy had a sweet thing 011. Some twenty five or thirty stakes were deposited, . and on Tuesday afternoon great was the anxioty to know what horse had won. The card con taining the particulars was carefully sealed up by one o'clock, »f)rl so|)ie of the gontleinon con cerned wonded their way to ttio oourso. When Banter was announced aa the wiuner of the race they were greatly exeroised amongst themselves trying to remember who was the lucky man who hud picked Mr. Barr Smith's purohaso, $9 of)p. could cull it to memory, and there was ft gmf fo Hip ewjtog to foe holder of the oaid, When tho: majority hud assembled together the seal wa§ broken ami a hearty laugh went round when it was ascertained tlmt hot a Biugle individual had thought sufUoient of Banter to stake his money on him, The cash was re turned to the depositors, so that none of them "ffoPF P'> W lost over that sweep. The best of fo.o ioke is, hQweyM th^t a gentleman who had fierwntly deplit)o<j to ioii) in pi^e' fp the holder of fop card tw o'ptgok wanting to pijt his. money on -Banter, but (t wae too late: foe list was sealed up and closed, and the goutloman aforesaid will no doubt recolleot next time the truth of the old adage that " Proorastiuatlon is the thief of time," for he has lost a considerable amount by his proorastination in this iustanoe. 