LICENSING BOARD. Tbo fiiut sitting of this board, undur llio uqw Act, lapsed for wanb of a quorum, the Policc Mji^istratc au.l 0. H, Grsou, Esq.. J-P. Wing tlio only racmbors piesi?ut. MONDAY, DECEMDEU 15. (Before the Polico Magistrate, and Wid. Thompson, Esq., J .P.) Dni;niit: NNESS.-Mary Tivcrncr ploading "gnilty" to this offence woscautioaedand <?;£. charged. ALMANACS -Several pictorial Almanacs from Melbourne and Sydney lithographers have boon distributed in this * »wn by some of our entatprisiiur tradesmen. They are well got up, and reflect iutioh credit upon the firms from whom tlicy emanate. Tho one iusued by Mr. Fletcher strikes lis ns J ect'^arly Appropriate. TUB WEATHER in Eucorn.-Tho Jiondon telegram of December H nppaars to fore shadow another winter season in Europe, which promises to surpass the severity of last season. Three large rivers-the Seine, Loire, and Thames are frozen. Whether England if to experience tins year that very old fashioned winter when si fair was held on the Thauiee remains to he soju, but when tho season has sot in so early us this with frozen rivoi-s, what may wc not expect in January. Thero is evidently another hard winter in store at homo with pH its miserable surround ings, A Rvvrkund Fan'Atio.«-1Tho following Jk the protect read by fh'« vicar of Trinity Church, the Rev. R. W. Euratrhl. on Sunday morning, after tho Niceui* Oeed:-14 In the nnmo of God. Amen.-T, Richard William Eurnght* parish priest of this church and parish of the Koly Trinity, Bordesley, a steward of the mysteries of God, and therefore bound to protectee altar of Ood from pro fanation; having understood, by the admis sion of one of the parties coucemed, that the lfoly Sacmment hns been secretly carried out of this church under the pretence of rom vrnvmc.nVin£, and civriod about a public law Conrt in London, exposed to common ^raze and disparaging remarks, do hereby in tho presence of God and this congregation, uttor this my Kolemn declaration* protest, and warning. I declare that I doplor© with the deepest sorrow the occurence of such pro. foliation. But having for more than a year past Imd re^Fon to expect tho possibility of its oeeurenee. I have been especially careful to observe the conduct of persons ap]m>aching the nJtar of whose good faith I was not as sured ; and I cannot, therefore, feel that it has ocsured through want of vigilance on my part. I protest solemnly that such nn oe. curenee isan out rage, against Ood, His Church, and Christianity; is reprobated by every rovoront miud, and ought- not to be allowed to go unpunished. And I warn all concerned of the wre judgement hanging over the heads of thoss who knowingly pwfrmo f he Jloly Sacrament, couuting it a common thing, not discerning the Lord's body, aud guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. This, \ny solemn declaration, protest aud warning, I hereby put forth iu the name of the Fnlher, and of the ison. and of the Iloly Ghost. And may tlod, of llis merey, bring all concerned to a letter mind. Amen."-lloms paper. 