.Source of Personal Beauty. , A B6ATJTIF0L, person i(says tho * Christian Globe ') is the natural form of a beautiful ' soul. The blind buildsits own house. Tho ' soul takes precedence of the body, and shapes the body to its own likeness. A vacant mind takes -all the meaning, out of the fairest face. A sensual disposition deforms the handsomest ; features. A cold, selfish heart shrivels and distorts tlie best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes' all the dignity out of the figure, and all the character out of the countenance. A 'cherished' hatred transforms,.the most beoutiftal lineaments into au image of ugliness,; It is aa impossible to preserve good looks with a brood of bad passions feeding on the bio id, u set of low loves trampling through the. heart, and a selfish, disdainful spirit enthroned in tie willj' as; to preserve the beanty of an ; . elegant mansion with à litter of swine in the ' basement,'a tribe of gipsies in the parlor, and owls and vultures in the upper part. Badness and. beauty .will no more keep company a great wlùle than poison will consort with health, or ah elegant carving survive, the furnace fire. The experiment of putting them together has been tried for thousands of yoars, but with one wuvaryitig' result. There is no sculptor like ' the mind. There is nothing .that so refines, polishes, and ennobles face and mien as the constant presence'of great thoughts.; The «nan- who lives: in' the legion'of ideas, moonbeams though they be, becomes idealised. There are no arts, no gymnastics, no cosmetics which can contribute a tithe so much of the dignity, the strength', the ennobling of a man's looks, as à'great purpose, a high deter mination, a, noble principle, ; nn unquenchable . enthusiasm. But more : powerful. still than any of these «s'a beautifier of ;tho person is tho overmastering purpose and pervading disposition of kindness in the heart Affeo-. ?tion is the organizing force in the' human constitution.- Woman is fairer than man because she has more. affection than man. Loveliness is the outside of love. Kindness,, sweetness, goodwill, a prevailing desire and determination to make'others . happy, ' make the body a temple of the Holy Ghost Tho soul that is full of ..nure and generous affec tions fashions the lf/htures into its . own angelic likeness, oÄtho rose 'hy, inherent impulse grows iograce' and blossoms into loveliness whioh art cannot equal. There is nothing on earth which so quickly' transfigures . a personality, refines, exalts, irradiates with heaven's own impress of loveliness, as a per vading, prevailing kindness of heart. The angels are beautiful because they are: good, and God isbeautiful because ho is love. 