The Storyteller. Vixen. CHAPTER XXXII. "THAT MUST END AT ONCE." BY MISS BRADDON, AUTHORESS OF "AURORA FLOYD" &c.;, &c.; A QUARTER of an hour later, when all the confusion was over, Violet was kneeling by her mother's chair, trying to restore tranquillity to Mrs. Winstanley's fluttered spirits. Mother and daughter were alone together in the elder lady's dressing-room, the disconsolate Pamela sitting like Niobe, amidst her scattered fineries, her po made-pots and powder-boxes, fan-cases and jewel caskets, and all the arsenal of waning beauty. -Dear mother," pleaded Violet, with unusual gentleness, "pray don't give way to this -neces sary grief. Yen cannot surely believe that I tried to set this dear old house on fire—that I could be so foolish—granting even that I were wicked enough to do it—as to destroy a place I love—the house in whioh my father was bora ! You can't believe such a thing, mother." " I know that you are making my life miser able," sobbed Mrs. Winstanley, feebly dabbing her forehead with a flimsy Valenciennes bordered handkerchief, steeped in eau-de-cologne, " and I am sure Conrad would not tell a falsehood. " Perhaps not," said Vixen with a gloomy look. "We will take it for granted that he is per fection and could not do wrong. But in this case he is mistaken. I felt quite capable of VtlHng him, but not of setting fire to this house." "Oh," wailed Pamela distractedly, " this is too dreadful t To think that I should have a daughter who confesses herself at heart a murderess." "Unhappily it is true, mother," said Vixen, moodily contrite. " For just that one moment of my life I felt a murderous impulse—and from the impulse to the execution is a very short step. I don't feel myself very superior to the people who are hanged at Newgate, I assure you." " What is to become of me ?" enquired Mrs. Winstanley in abject lamentation. "It is too hard that my own daughter should be a source of misery in my married life, that she should harden her heart against the best of stepfathers, and try, yes, actually try, to bring discord be tween me and the husband I love. 1 don't know what I have done that I should be so miserable." "Dear mother, only be cairn and listen to me," urged Violet, who was very calm herself, with a coldly resolute air which presently ob tained ascendency over her agitated parent "If I have been a source of misery, tbat misery cannot too soon come to an end. I have long felt that I have no place in this house—that I am one too many in our small family. I feel now—yes, mamma, I feel and know that tbe same roof cannot cover me aud Captain Winstanley. He and I can no longer sit at the same board, or live in the same house. That must end at once." " What complaint can you have to make against him, Violet ?" cried her mother hysterically, and with a good deal more dabbing of the perfumed handkerchief upon her fevered brow. "I am sure no father could be kinder than Conrad would be to you if you would only let him. But you hare Bet yourself against him from the very first It seems as if you grudged me my happiness." "It shall seem no longer, mamma. I will cease to be a thorn in your garland of roses," replied Vixen, with exceeding bitterness. " I will leave the Abbey House directly any other home The right of republishing " Vixen" in Queensland has been purchased by the proprietor of tbe Queeiulauder. can be found for me. If dear old M'Croke would take care of me I should like to go abroad, somewhere very far, to some strange place where all things would be different and new to me," continued Vixen, unconsciously betraying that aching desire for forgetfulness natural to a wounded heart. " Sweden, or Norway, for in stance. I think I should like to spend a year in one of those cold strange lands, with good old M'Croke for my companion. There would be nothing to remind me of the Forest," she con cluded with a stifled sob. "My dear Violet you have such wild ideas," exclaimed her mother with an injured air. "It is just as Conrad says. Tou have no notion of the proprieties. Sweden or Norway, indeed t Was there ever anything so outlandish ? What would people say I wonder ?" " Ah, what indeed, mamma ? Perhaps, they might for once say what is true : that I could, not get on with Captain Winstanley, and so was forced to find another home." " And what a reproach tbat would be to me," cried her mother. " Tou are so selfish, Violet; you think of no one but yourself." " Perhaps that is because nobody else thinks of me, mother." " How can you say such abominable things, Violet ? Am I not thinking of you this moment? I am sure I have thought of you this evening until my head aches. Tou force one to think about you when you behave in such a disgrace ful manner." "What have I done that is disgraceful, mamma ? I have ridden out at an unusual hour to get a place for an old servant—a man who has served in this house faithfully for forty years. That is what I have done, and I should not be ashamed if it were known to everybody in Hampshire. Tea, even to Lady Mabel Ash* bourne, that pattern of chilly propriety. The disgrace is Captain Winstanley's. It is he who ought to be ashamed of turning off my father and grandfather's old servant What you have to be sorry for, mamma, is that you have married a man capable of such an action." " How dare you speak against him!" cried the offended wife. "He has done everything for the best It was your own foolish conduct that obliged him to dismiss Bates. To think that a daughter of mine Bhould have so little self-respect as to go roaming about the Forest with an engaged man ! It is too dreadful." " Tou need not make yourself unhappy about the engaged man, mamma," said Vixen scorn fully. "He is out of danger. Rorie and I need never see eaoh other again. I should be more than content that it should be so. Only arrange with Captain Winstanley for some allowance to be made me—just money enough to enable me to live abroad with dear old M'Croke. I want no gaieties, I want no fine dresses. The simplest mode of life, in a strange country, will suit me best" " I can't bear the idea of your going away," whimpered Mrs. Winstanley. " People will talk so. A stepfather's is such a delicate position. People are sure to say cruel things about Conrad. And it is all your fault, Violet. We might have lived so happily together if you had liked." " We might, perhaps, mamma ; but I don't think any of us knew the way. Captain Win* Stanley could hardly expect that to sell my father s favorite horse was the shortest way to my liking ; and that's how he began his reign in this house. Words are useless to heal such wounds as ours. Good-night Sleep well, and forget all about me. To-morrow you and the captain can give me my liberty." " I thought you were so fond of the Abbey House," moaned her mother. "So I was when it was home. It has ceased to be my home, and I shall be glad to leave it" " Oh, Violet, you have a hard heart" " Good- night, mamma." She was gone, leaving Mrs. Winstanley feebly moaning, and vaguely dabbing her forehead, feeling tbat the Fates had not been kind to her. life seemed to have gone all askew. It was as if Theodore had taken to sending home misfits. Nothing was smooth or pleasant in an existence whose halcyon calm had once been undisturbed by so much as a crumpled rose-leaf. Vixen went straight to her room accompanied by Argus, who had followed her from the hall to the door of her mother's dressing-room, and had waited patiently for her in the corridor, with his head leaning against the closed door, as if he scented trouble within. When girl and dog were alone together, Violet flung herself on the ground, threw her arms round the mastiff's thick neck, and let her tears flow freely against that faithful head. " Oh, Argus," she cried piteously, " you are the only friend left me in this wide world !" Chapter XXXIII. GOINO INTO EXILE. Aptee a long sleepless night of tossing to and fro, Vixen rose with the first stir of life in the old house, and made herself ready to face the bleak hard world. Her meditations of the night had brought no new light to her mind. It wbb very clear to her that she must go away—us far as possible from her old borne. Her banishment was necessary for everybody's sake. For the Bake of Rorie, who must behave like a mau of honor, and keep bis engagement with Lady Mabel, and shut his old playfellow out of bis heart. For the sake of Mrs. Winstanley, who could never be happy while there waa discord in her home ; and, last of all, for Violet herself, who felt that joy and peace had fled from the Abbey House for ever, and that it would be better to be anywhere, iv the coldest strangest region of this wide earth, verily friendless and alone among Btrange faces, than here among friends who were but friends in name, and among scenes that were haunted with the ghosts of dead joys. She went round the gardens and shrubberies in the early morning, looking Badly at everything, as if Bhe were bidding the trees and flowers a long farewell. The rhododendron thickets were shining with dew, the grassy tracks in that wilderness of verdure were wet and cold under Vixen's feet. She wandered in and out among the groups of wild-growing shrubs, rising one above another to the height of forest trees, and then she went out by the old five- barred gate which Titmouse used to jump bo merrily, and rambled in the plantation till the sun was high, and the pines began to breathe forth their incense as the day-god warmed them into life. It was half-past 8. Nine was the hour for I breakfast, a meal at which, during the Squire's time, the fragile Pamela had rarely appeared, but which, under the present regime, she gener ally graced with her presence. Captain Win stanley was an early riser, and was not sparing in his contempt for sluggish habits. Vixen had made up her mind never again to sit at meat with her stepfather; so she went straight to her own den, and told Phcobe to bring her a cup of tea. " I don't want anything else," she said wearily when the girl suggested a more substantial breakfast; " I should like to see mamma pre sently. Do you know if she has gone down ." " No, miss. Mrs. Winstanley is not very well this morning. Pauline has taken her a cup of tea." Vixen sat idly by the open window, sipping her tea, and caressing Argus' big head with a listless hand, waiting for tbe next stroke of fate. She was sorry for her mother, but had no wish to see her. What could they say to each other —they whose thoughts and feelingß were so wide apart ? Presently Phoebe came in with a little three-cornered note, written in pencil. " Pauline asked me to give you this from your ma, miss." The note was brief, written in short gasps, with dashes between them. " I feel too crushed and ill to see you—l have told Conrad what you wish—he is all goodness— he will tell you what we have decided—try to be worthier of his kindness—poor misguided child—he will see you in his study, directly after breakfast—pray control your unhappy temper." " His study, indeed !" ejaculated Vixen, tear ing up the little note and scattering its perfumed fragments on tho breeze; "my father's room, which he has usurped. I think I hate him just a little worse in that room than anywhere else, though that would seem hardly possible, when I hate him so cordially everywhere." She went to her looking-glass, and surveyed herself proudly as she smoothed her shiny hair, reßolved that he should see no indication of trouble or contrition in her face. She was very pale, but her tears of last night had left no traces. There was a steadiness in her look that befitted an encounter with an enemy. A message came from the captain, while she was standing before her glass, tying a crimson ribbon under the collar of her white morning dress. Would ahe please to go to Captain Winstanley in the study ? She went without an instant's delay ; walked quietly into the room, and stood before him silently as he sat at his desk writing. " Good-morning, Miss Tempest," he said, look ing up at her with the blandest air; " sit down, if you please. I want to have a chat with you." Vixen seated herself in her father's large crim son morocco chair. She was looking round the room, absently, dreamily, quite disregarding the captain. The dear old room was full of sadly sweet associations. For the moment she forgot the existence of her foe. His cold level tones recalled her thoughts from the lamented past to the bitter present " Your mother informs me that you wish to leave the Abbey House," he began ; " and she has empowered me to arrange a suitable home for you elsewhere. I agree entirely in your opinion that your absence from Hampshire for the next year or so will be advantageous to yourself and others. You and Mr. Vawdrey have contrived to get yourselves unpleasantly talked about in the neighborhood. Any further departure—" " It is not on that account I wish to leave home," said Vixen proudly. " I am not afraid of scandal. If the people hereabouts are so wicked that they cannot see me riding by the side of an old friend for two or three days run ning without thinking evil of him and me, I am sorry for them, but I certainly should not re gulate my life to please them. The reason I wish to leave the Abbey House is tbat I am miserable here, and have been ever since you entered it as its master. We may as well deal frankly with each other in this matter. You confessed last night that you hated me. I acknowledge to-day that I have hated you ever sinoe I first saw you. It was an instinct." "We need not discuss that," answered the captain calmly. He had let passion master him last night, but he had himself well in hand to day. She might be as provoking as she pleased, but Bhe should not provoke him to betray him self as he had done last night. He detested himself for that weak outbreak of passion. " Have you arranged with my mother for my leaving home ?" enquired Vixen. " Yes, it is all settled." " Then I'll write at once to Miss M'Croke. I know she will leave the people she is with to travel with me." "Miss M'Croke has nothing to do with the question. Your roaming about the world with a superannuated governess would be too prepos terous. I am going to take you to Jersey by this evening's boat I have an aunt living there who has a fine old manor bouse, and who will be happy to take charge of you. She is a maiden lady, a woman of superior cultivation, who de votes herself wholly to intellectual pursuits. Her refining influence will be valuable to you. The island is lovely, the climate delicious. You could not be better off than you will be at Lea Tou relies." " I am not going to Jersey, and I am not going to your intellectual aunt," said Vixen resolutely. " I beg your pardon, you are going, and im mediately. Your mother and I have settled the matter between us. You have expressed a wish to leave home, and you will be pleased to go where we think proper. You had better tell Phmbe to pack your trunks. We shall leave here at 10 o'clock in the evening. The boat starts from Southampton at midnight" Vixen felt herself conquered. She had stated her wish, and it was granted ; not in the mode and manner she had desired; but perhaps she ought to be grateful for release from a home that bad become loathsome to her, and not take objection to details in the scheme of her exile. To go away, quite away, and immediately, was the grand point. To fly before she saw ttorie again. " Heaven knows how weak I might be if he were to talk to me again as he talked last night I" she said to herself. " I might not be able to bear it a second time. Oh, Rorie, if you knew J what it cost me to counsel you wisely, o bid you ' do your duty ; when the vision of a happy life with you waa smiling at me all the time, when the warm grasp of your dear hand made my heart thrill with joy, what a heroine you would think me ! And yet nobody will ever give me credit for heroism ; and I shall be remembered only as a self-willed young woman, who was troublesome to her relations, and had to be Bent away from home." She was thinking this while she sat in her father's chair, deliberating upon the captain's last speech. She decided presently to yield, and obey her mother and stepfather. After all, what did it matter where she went ? That scheme of being happy in Sweden with Miss M'Croke was but an idle fancy. In the depths of her inner consciousness Violet Tempest knew that Bhe could be happy nowhere away from Rorie and the Forest. What did it matter, then, whether she went to Jersey or Kamschatka, the sandy desert of Gobi or the Mountains of the Moon ? In either cose exile meant moral death, the complete renunciation of all that had been sweet and pre cious in her uneventful young life—the Bhadowy beech- groves, the wandering streams, the heathery upland plains, the deep ferny hollow where the footsteps of humanity were almost unknown, the cluster of trees on the hill-tops, where the herons came sailing home from their flight across South ampton Water, her childhood's companion, her horse, her old servants. Banishment meant a long farewell to all these. " I suppose I may take my dog with me I" she asked, after a long pause, during which she had wavered between submission and revolt, "and my maid ?" " I see no objection to your taking your dog ; though I doubt whether my aunt will care to have a dog of that size prowling about her house. He can have a kennel somewhere, I daresay. You must learn to do without a maid. Feminine helplessness is going out of fashion; and one would expect au Amazon like you to be inde pendent of lady's-maids and milliners." " Why don't you state the case in plain Eng lish ?" cried Vixen scornfully. " If I took Phoabe with me she would cost money. There would be her wages and maintenance to be provided. If I leave her behind you can dismiss her. You have a fancy for dismissing old servants." " Had not you better see to the packing of your trunks ?" asked Captain Winstanley, ignor ing this Bhaf t *' What is to become of my horse ?" "I think you must resign yourself to leave him to fate and me," replied the captain coolly ; " my aunt may submit to the infliction of your dog, but that she should tolerate a young lady's roam ing about the island on a thoroughbred horse would be rather too much to expect from her old-fashioned notions of propriety." " Besides, even Arion would cost something to keep," retorted Vixen, " and strict economy iB the rule of your life. If you sell him—and of course you will do bo—please let Lord Mallow have the refusal of him. I think he would buy him, and treat him kindly, for my sake." " Wouldn't you rather Mr. Vawdrey had him ?'* " Yes, if I were free to give him away ; but I suppose you would deny my right of property even in the horse my father gave me." " Well, as tbe horse was not specified in your father's will, and as all his horses and carriages were left to your mother, I think there cannot be any doubt that Arion is my wife's property." " Why not say your property 1 Why give un natural prominence to a cipher ? Do you think I hold my poor mother to blame for any wrong tbat is done to me, or to others, in this house ? No, Captain Winstanley, I have no resentment against my mother. She is a blameless nullity, dressed in the latest fashion." "Go and pack your boxes !" cried the captain angrily. "Do you want to raise the devil that was raised last night? Do you want another conflagration ? It might be a worse one this time. I have had a night of fever and unrest" " Am I to blame for that ?" " Yes—you beautiful fury 1 It was your image kept me awake. I shall sleep sounder when you are out of this house." " I shall be ready to start at 10 o'clock," said Vixen, in a business-like tone which curiously contrasted this sudden gust of passion on the part of her foe, and humiliated him to the dust. He loathed himself for having let her see her power to hurt him. She left him, and went straight upstairs to her room, and gave Phoebe directions about the packing of her portmanteaux, with no moro out ward semblance of emotion than she might have shown had she been starting on a rouud of pleasant visits under the happiest circumstances. The faithful Phcobe began to cry when Bhe heard that Miss Tempest was going away for a long time, and that she was not to go with her; and poor Vixen had to console her maid instead of brooding upon her own griefs. " Never mind, Phoebe," she said ; "it is as hard for me to lose you as it is for you to lose me. I shall never forget what a devoted little thing you have been, and all tbe muddy habits you have brushed without a murmur. A few years hence I shall be my own mistress, and have plenty of money, and then wherever I may be you shall come to me. If you are married you shall be my housekeeper, and your husband shall be my butler, and your children shall run wild about the place, and be made aa much of as the litter of young foxes Bates reared in a corner of the stableyard, when Mr. Vawdrey was at Eton." " Oh, miss, I don't want no husband nor no children, I only want you for my missus. And when you come of age will you live here miss ?" " No, Phcobe. Tbe Abbey House will belong to mamma all her life. Poor mamma ! may it be long before the dear old house comes to me. But when I am of age and my own mistre-s I shall find a place somewhere in the Forest, you may be sure of that, Phoebe." Phcobe dried her honest tears, and made haste with the packiug, believing that Miss Teuioeat, was leaving home for her own pleasure, and tbat she, Phoebe, was the only victim of adverse fate. The day wore on quickly, though it was ladeu with sorrow. Vixen had a great deal to do in her den ; papers to look over, old letters, pen-and-ink sketches, and scribblings of all kinds to destroy, books and photographs to pack. There were certain things she could not leave behind her. Then there was a melancholy hour to spend in the stable, feeding, caressing, and weeping over Arion, who snorted hiß tendere.t snorts, aud licked her hands with abject devotion—almost as if he knew they were going to part, Vixen thought Last of all came the parting with her mother. Vixen had postponed this with an aching dread of a scene in which she might perchance lose her temper, and be betrayed into bitter utterances that she would afterwards repent with useless tears. She bad spoken the truth to her stepfather when she told him that she held her mother blameless: yet the fact that Bhe had but the smallest share in that mother's heart was cruelly patent to her. It was nearly 4 o'clock in the afternoon when Pauline came to Violet's room with a message from Mrs. Winstanley. She had been very ill all the morning, Pauline informed Miss Tempest, Buffering severely from nervous headache, and obliged to lie iv a darkened room. Even now sho was barely equal to seeing anyone. "Then she bad better not Bee me," said Vixen, icily; " I can write her a little note to say good bye. Perhaps it would be just as well. Tell mamma that I will write, Pauline." Pauline departed with this message, and re turned in five minutes with a distressed visage. " Oh, miss !" she exclaimed, " your message quite upset your poor mamma. She said,' How could she ?' and began to get almost hysterical. And those hysterical fits end in such fearful headaches." " I will come at once," said Vixen. Mrs. Winstanley was lying on a sofa near an open window, the Spanish blinds lowered to ex clude the afternoon sunshine, the perfume of the gardens floating in upon the soft summer air. A tiny teapot and cup and saucer on a Japanese tray showed that the invalid hud been luxuriating in her favorite stimulant. There were vases of flowers about the room, an all- pervading per fume and coolness—a charm half-sensuous half .esthetic. " Violet, how could you send me such a mes sage ?" remonstrated the invalid fretfully. " Dear mamma, I did not want to trouble you. I know how you shrink from all painful things; and you and I could hardly part without pain, as we are parting to-day. Would it not have been better to avoid any farewell f" " If you had any natural affection you would never have suggested such a thing." " Then perhaps I have never had any natural affection," answered Vixen, with subdued bitter ness ; "or only so small a stock that it ran out early in my life, and left me cold and hard and unloving. I am sorry we are parting like this, mamma. I am still more sorry that you could not spare me a little of the regard whioh you have bestowed so lavishly upon a stranger." " Violet, how can you!" sobbed her mother. " To accuse me of withholding my affection from you, when I have taken such pains with you from your very cradle 1 I am sure your frocks, from the day you were short-coated, were my constant care ; and when you grew a big lanky girl, who would have looked odious in common place clothes, it was my delight to invent pictur esque and becoming costumes for you. I have spent hours poring over books of prints, studying Vandyke and Sir Peter Lely, and I have let you wear some of my most valuable lace ; and as for indulgence in your whims! Pray when have I ever thwarted you in anything ?" " Forgive me, mamma I" cried Vixen peni tently. She divined dimly—even in the midst of that flood of bitter feeling in which her young soul was overwhelmed—that Mrs. Winstanley had been a good mother, according to her lights. The tree had borne such fruit aa was natural to its kind. " Pray forgive me ! You have been good and kind and indulgent, and we Bhould have gone on happily together to the end of the chapter if fate had been kinder." " It's no use your talking of fate in tbat way, Violet," retorted her mother captiously. " I know you mean Conrad." " Perhaps I do, mamma ; but don't let us talk of him any more. We should never agree about him. You and he can be quite happy when I am gone. Poor, dear, trusting, innocent-minded mamma'!" cried Vixen, kneeling by her mother's chair and putting her arms round her ever so tenderly. "May your path of life be smooth and strewn with flowers when lam gone. If Captain Winstanley does not always treat you kindly, he will be a greater scoundrel than I think him. But he has always been kind to you, has he not, mamma i You are not hiding any sorrow of yours from me ?" asked Vixen, fixing her great brown eyes on her mother's face with earnest enquiry. She had assumed the maternal part. Sho seemed an anxious mother questioning hor daughter. " Kind to mo," echoed Mrs. Winstanley. "He hiiH been all goodness. We have never had a difference of opinion since we were married." " No, mamma, because you always defer to his opiuiou." " Is not that my duty, when I know how clever and far-seeing he is ?" " Frankly, dear mother, you are as happy with this new husband of yours —bo wise and far seeing, and determined to have his own way in everything—as you were with my dear, indul gent, easy-tempered father ?" Pamela Winstanley burst into a passion of tears. " How can you be so cruel ?" she exclaimed. " Who can give back the past, or the freshness and brightness of one's youth ? Of course I was happier with your dear father than I can ever be again. It is not in nature that it should be other wise. How could you be bo artless as to ask me such a question ?" She dried her tears slowly, and was not easily comforted. It seemed as if that speech of Violet's had touched a spring that opened a fountain of grief. " This means that mamma is not happy with her second husband, iv spite of her praises of him," thought Vixen. She remained kneeling by her mother's side comforting her as best she could, until Mrs. Winstanley had recovered from the wound her daughter's heedless words had indicted, aud then Violet began to Bay good-bye. " You will write to me sometimes, won't you, mamma, nnd tell me how the dear old place is going on, and about the old people who din—dear familiar white heads that I shall never see again —and tbe youDg people who get married, and the babied that are born • You will write often, won't you, mammu ?" "Yes, dear, as often as my strength will allow." " You might even get Pauline to write to me sometimes, to tell me how you are and what you are doing ; that would be better than nothing." " Pauline shall write when I am not equal to helding a pen," sighed Mrs. Winstanley. " And, dear mamma, if you can prevent it, don't let any more of the old servants be Bent away. If they drop off one by one home will seem like a strange place at last Remember how they loved my dear father, how attached and faithful they have been to us. They are like our own flesh and blood." " I should never willingly part with servants who know my ways, Violet But as to Bates' dis missal—there are some things I had rather not discuss with you—l am sure that Conrad acted for the best, and from the highest motives." " Do you know anything about this place to which I am going, mamma?" asked Vixen, letting her mother's last speech pass without comment; " or the lady who is to be my duenna ?" " Your future has been fully discussed between Conrad and me, Violet He tells me that the old Jersey manor house—Lea Tourelles it ia called— is a delightful place, one of the oldest Beats in Jersey, and Miss Skipwith, to whom it belongs, is a well-informed conscientious old lady, very religious, I believe, so you will have to guard against your sad habit of speaking lightly about sacred things, my dear Violet" "Do you intend me to live there for ever, mamma ?" " For ever ! What a foolish question. In six years you will be of age, and your own mistress." " Six years—six years in a Jersey manor house —with a pious old lady. Don't you think that would seem very much like for ever, mamma ?" asked Vixen gravely. "My dear Violet, neither Conrad nor I want to banish you from your natural home. We only want you to learn wisdom. When Mr. Vawdrey is married, and when you have learnt to think kindly of my dear husband " " That last change will never happen to me mamma. I should have to die and be born again first, and, even then, I think my dislike of Captain Winstanley is so strong that purgatorial fires would hardly burn it out. No, mamma, we had better say good- bye without any forecast of the future. Let us forget all that is sad in our parting and think we are only going to part for a little while." Many a time in after days did Violet Tempest remember those last serious words of hers. The rest of her conversation with her mother was about trifles, the trunks and bonnet-boxes she was to carry with ber—the dresses she was to wear in ber exile. "Of course in a retired old honse in Jersey, with an elderly maiden lady, you will not see much society, said Mrs. Winstanley ; " but Miss Skipwith must know people—no doubt the best people in the island—and I should not like you to be shabby. Are you really positive that you have dresses enough to carry you over next winter ?" This last question was asked with deepest solemnity. " More than enough, mamma." " And do you think your last winter's jacket will do ?" " Excellently." " I'm very glad of that," said her mother, with a sigh of relief, "for I have an awful bill of Theodore's hanging over my head. I have been paying ber sums on account ever since your poor papa's death ; and you know that is never quite satisfactory. All that one has paid hardly seems to make any difference in the amount due at the end." "Don't worry yourself about your bill, mamma. Let it stand over till I come of age, and then I can help you to pay it" " You are very generous, dear ; but Theodore would not wait so long, even for me. Be sure you take plenty of wraps for the steamer. Summer nights are often chilly." Vixen thought of last night, and the long straight ride through the pine wood, the soft scented air, the young moon shining down at her, and Rorie by her side. Ah, when should she ever know such a summer night as that again? " Sit down in this low chair by me, and have a cup of tea, dear," said Mrs. Winstanley, growing more affectionate as the hour of parting drew nearer. " Let us have kettledrum together for the last time, till you come back to üb." " For the last time, mamma 1" echoed Violet sadly. She could not imagine any possible phase of circumstances that would favor her return. Could sho come back to see Roderick Vawdrey happy with his wifo ? Assuredly not. Could Bhe school herself to enduro life under the roof that shel tered Courad Winstanley ? A thousand times no. Coming home was something to be dreamt about when she lay asleep in a distant land; but it was a dream that never could be realised. She must make herself a new life, somehow, among new people. The old life died to-day. She sat and sipped her tea, and listened while her mother talked cheerfully of the future, and even pretended to agree ; but her heart was heavy as lead. An hour was dawdled away thus, and then, when Mrs. Winstanley began to think about dressing for dinner, Vixen went off to finish her packing. She excused herself from going down to dinner on the plea of having so much to do. "You could Bend me up something, please, mamma," she said. "lam sure you and Captain Winstanley will dine more pleasantly without me. I shall see you for a minute in the hall before I start." " You must do as you please, dear," replied her mother. " I hardly feel equal to go down to dinner myself ; but it would not be fair to let Conrad eat a second meal in solitude, especially when we are to be parted for two or three dayß, and he is going across tbe sea. I shall not have a minute's rest to-night, thinking of you both." " Sleep happily, dear mother, and leave us to Providence. The voyage cannot be perilous in such weather as this," said Vixen with assumed cheerfulness. Two hours later the carriage was at the door, nnd Violet Tempest was ready to start. Her trunks were on tbe roof of the brougham, her dressing-bag, and travelling-desk,and wraps were stowed away inside ; Argus was by her sido, his collar provided with a leather strap, by which she could hold him when necessary- Captain Winstanley was smoking a cigar in the porch. Mrs. Winstanley came weeping out of the drawing-room, and hugged her daughter silently. Violet returned the embrace, but said not a word till jußt at the last «Dear mother," she whispered earnestly, " never be unhappy about me. Let me bear the blame of all that has gone amiss between us." " You had better be quick, Miss Tempest, if you want to be in time for the boat," said the captain from the porch. " I am quite ready," answered Vixen calmly. Phoebe was at the carriage-door, tearful, and in everybody's way, but pretending to help. _ Argus was sent up to the box, where he sat beside tbe coachman with much gravity of demeanor, having first assured himself that his mistress waa inside the carriage. Mrs. Winstanley stood in the porch, kissing her hand ; and so the strong horse bore the carriage away, through the dark shrubberies, between banks of shadowy foliage, out into the forest-road, which was full of ghosts at this late hour, and would have struck terror to the hearts of any horses unaccustomed to its sylvan mysteries. [TO BE OOHTINTJED.] 