TOWN TALK. TIio West feourke election, to fill the vacancy caused by. the1 death of Air John Thomas Smith, was held'yesterday, the can didates being Mr Alfred Deakin and Air Eobert Harper. Our latest returns give Mr Deakin, the Alinisterial candidate, a majority of 121 votes. The few returns to come in cannot materially affect his position. The detailed voting is given in another column, i In another column will bo found a list o debts proved in the insolvent estate of | Patrick AI'Donald and Co.", wine and spirit ] merchants. The total amount of the proofs i handed in to the Chief Clerk of the Insol vency Court yesterday was £34,99115s2d. . ] A special meeting of the Geelong West Borough Council wa3 held last evening, called for the purpose of rescinding a reso lution passed on the 3rd January, authorising i tho acting Town Clerk to advertise for one person to fill the combined offices of town ; clerk, valuator, collector, and dog and nui sance inspector; ■ and for another to , filj the position of Surveyor to the Council. | All the councillors were present, Cr. Boyn ton, the Mayor, presiding. A lively debate i ensued, and it was ultimately decided to confirm the action taken on the 3rd January, several of the councillors who took an oppo site view on that occasion'turning round and voting in favor of the January resolution." ■There waB a large gathering of ladies at Christ.Church yesterday-forenoon to witness the ceremony of the marriage of Miss Hor tense Wills to Dr. Harding, a recent arrival from England." ' One of the largest picnics Geelong has had for some time visited the Botanic Gardens yesterday, when an excursion in connection with All Saints' and Christ Church Sunday schools arrived from Ballarat. There were not only Sunday school scholars, but parents and friends also came in large numbers. Two special trains, of 16 carriages, left the Western station, Ballarat, early in the morning, arriving at Geelong about 10 o'clock, when the whole party proceeded to their rendezvous, the rotunda in the Botanic Gardens, reserve. Swings, cricket, and all manner of sports were indulged in by the younger and more energetic of the pic-nicers, while the nursery, beach, and baths were ex- tensively patronised. The party returned to Ballarat at 6 o'clock. - An ,accident happened in Alalop-street yesterday afternoon. Air Frank Sims 'who was engaged breaking a horse into harness, and had driven the animal in the break as far as Swanston-street, where the horse shied at seeing a man wheeling a barrow along the roadway. Getting the bit held fast in its mouth, the horse jumped to one side of the road, causing the wheel of the break to run against the kerbstone, and the sudden collision had the effect of throwing a young man named James Hall, who was with Suns, off the box seat and on to the footpath. The horse then "played up" a little, tearing ever the footpath, and breaking the shafts of the vehicle to which it was harnessed, and dragging Sims off the break. The unmanageable brute was then secured before .fnrther mischief had been done. The occupants of the break were not hurt, but received a severe shaking. A Bomewhat nnseemly row took place last evening after a rather hot tempered meeting of the members of the Geelong West Borough Council. An acrimonious debate had oc curred respecting the doings of the Council with regard to the filling of the offices of the Borough, and when away from the Council one of the Councillors used insulting lan guage towards another, and received ,cha« tisemenfc for the offence. The. affair was highly sensational -whilst it lasted, and at tracted a fairly largo number of spectators to the scene of the encounter. . We understand .that Professor. Cavill, -who swam across = the English Channel, intends shortly to -visit Geelong, and to give an ex hibition of his own, his son's,? and his daughter's swimming powers. A visit was paid yesterday to a number of business houses in. the town by Mr H. L. Nelson, of the firm of < Messrs M. Moss and Co., of -Melbourne and Sydney, who are the sole agents for the sale of Murray, Lanman and.Co.'s florida water. At six of the places visited it was found that persons were sell ing different imitations of the florida water manufactured by the well- lrnownfirm named. The offenders were cautioned against selling any more of the spurious article, Mr .Nelson intimating that it-was intended to prosecute any person doing so nndcr the provisions of the Trades Mark Registration Act. It was found that-some of the drapers-had been supplied with excellent imitations of the water, in the bottles as well as with the labels by two of the leading soft goods houses in-Melbourne. It is not intended to prosecute all, as some of the tradesmen have promised to discontinue selling the imita tions. A -bootmaker, named Patrick Hcaley, living in Malop-street, received a punish ment" fur drunkenness at the Police Court i yesterday which, though not severe, should deter v him from similarly offending in the i future. - lie- was arrested by Constable I Bonis "early on Tuesday morning,- after | having made night hideous since 10 o'clock I the previous evening. A3 he had been before. the Court about a dozen times—including charges of obscene language and lunacy from drink—but bad only been punished for drunkenness by a week's remand, and then discharged—be could not be treated as an habitual drunkard, as there were not three convictions recorded against him, as re quired by the Act. ■ He was, however, fined: 40s, or in default to be sent to 'gaol for 14 days.- The Mayor and Mr Hensley, J.P., were on the Bench. ' A fire broke out in Kildare last night about half-past eight o'clock, by which a haystack belonging "to Mr James Gray, Elizabeth-street, was totally consumed. The stack contained about a ton and a half of hay, and was valued at about £3 or £4,\ It was just trussed and stacked yesterday, having been taken from an adjacent paddock. Mr Gray's bro ther observed the stack on fire about six feet from the ground, on the side nearest the fence, at the time named, but, although the sheaves were vigorously pulled down, the flames shot up, and the whole stack was soon fairly ablaze. The Asliby: reel was • quickly in attendance, and a good stream of water soon put an end to all danger. Only three sheaves of hay were saved, so rapid was the destruction of the stack. The efforts of the firemen were, however, interfered with by larrikins turning off the wafer. We have been informed that Mr Gray has been compelled to have the stack watched, in order to prevent' incendiarism, owing to threats which have^been made. We might add that two reels left the town station under command of Lieut. Kingsbury, but their services were not required. The following accidents were attended^, to at the Hospital yesterday:—Andrew M 'Fad den, a farm laborer, whilst working on a ctack of straw or, a farm at the Earrabool Hills, fell off the stack and severelv sprained the ankle of his left foot. Henry Bye, aged 48 years, a platelayer, whilst working on the' railway line to Quecnscliffe, had two of his fiugers crushed. Mary Ann Williams, aged 20 years, fell whilst at work at one of the factories and severely contused her shoul ders. Blanche Juno, a resident of Leigh Road, sustained contusions to one of her arms through a- heavy fall. • The new governor of Victoria (the Marquis of Normanby) left Wellington on Monday by the s.s. Ringarooma, for Melbourne. His Excellency's arrival may therefore be ex pected by Monday next. In consequence ofthe numerous entries received for the Geelong Handicap Swim ming Match, the Committee appointed to carry out the annual swimming contests at the Eastern Baths decided last evening to increase the value of the^rst prize by giving j a silver cup, worth £4 4s, with £5 5s added. The unfortunate man Francis Basses, who ' was admitted to the Ararat Hospital last week angering from severe , burns sustained ; at Port Curtis, succumbed on Saturday even ing last. ■Two prisoners, named Thornley and O'Heil, received the punishment of the lash , from Gately—fifteen lashes each,—on Mon t day morning, at the Pentridge Stockade. About ten o'clock a.m. on Saturday, a ( South Sea Islander, named Hanson, left 'the I premises of his employer, Mr P. J. Alay of I 6 Faraday-street,,Carlton, and has not si'nee ! been heard of. Mr Alay is under a penalty of.£50 to return the man to Fiji, and there j fore is naturally anxious to hear of his whereabouts. Hanson is nineteen years old, | and about five feet seven inches in height. ' I There was one inebriate in the lockup i last evening. . I The Acting-Chief Secretary received an | official communication from Sir Henry Parkes on Monday, intimating that the Go vernment of New South Wales had assumed the sole control of the International Exhi bition about to beheld in that colony and I pointing out that Mr P. A. Jennings had been,.appointed Executive Commissioner ; with- whom it would be most convenient that the Commissioners appointed by the Government of Victoria should communi cate. ' Captain Alexander MTetrie, master of the wrecked steamer Kerangie, was bronght off.from the vicinity of the;wreck, where he had been since it took place, on Sun day - by the s., Woonona, and arrived in Melbourne on Monday morning The vessel was much in the same condition as she was when the Victoria left her, and Can tain M'Petrie states that, if time be not lost there is about £2000 worth of property that can be Baved, consisting principally of ricmnn and machinery. ° An important discussion occurred at the meeting of the Hotham Town Council on Monday evening relative to a' letter which was received from the Central Board of Health, drawing the attention of the Council to the necessity of erecting a hospital for contagions diseases in that locality r„„n cillor Clarke argued that it wonld be uSerlv impossible to erect a building in that town not only on account of the dense pomilatmn but the scarcity 0f ]and. He moved the fol lowing motion, which was seconded and earned,-' That the letter be received, and tkt tV P I" °f HealthbB inf-med that this Council repudiate the idea of contagious diseases hospital in each muni cipality, but are willing to do all in theft power to assist the Government in establish: mg a general portable hospital for diseases £t th° rattb° °0aaCil W0 0{ tbe opinion Bccident happened at Gnlnare South Australia, on the 3rd inst." A resi dent; of the place Mr. P. Kelly, whilst ing home, was thrown frnm k?™ 1 lodged on the for°e caS*■£ commg entangled in the wheel, he seizfdth spokes with he, hands to «**£££ stopped that he expired shortly afterwards. Hatris, brewer, of Colac.Sses accident, death^and^icSs infamT^Tnd wlsSEi iST* "S Just as we (Talbot Lender) were going to press on Monday niglit we were informed of an alleged attempt at suicide by the wife of a small farmer at Kangaroo Flat. The cir cumstances as given to us are of a most pain ful nature, biit medical assistance having been obtained, it is hoped that the efforts made to save the life of the woman will prove successful. 1 The payments under the Land Tax Act for the past half-year have been satisfactory,' upwards of £71,000 out of £76,000 having been paid. Ample notice has been given to the defaulters, and the Government are now (says the Telegraph) about to issue writs against them, and have expressed the inten tion of strictly enforcing the ' payment of costs in every case. Shortly before arriving at the railway station on Monday (says the Ararat Adver User),.one of the trucks of the 7 p.m. goods train from Stawell to Ararat was discovered to be on fire,,and a stoppage was made on the' hill near Mr Lyttleton's house. Hero water was procured, and the fire quenched before much damage was done, and the train proceeded on its journey. It is thought that a spark from the engine was the origin of the fire. A handsome silver cup has been subscribed for by Tasmanians in New Zealand as a pre sent to Mr George H. Bailey, one of the Australian cricketers. The cup, which is a very handsome one, weighs 9£oz., and has the following inscription engraved on it :— " Presented by the Tasmanians in New Zea land to Mr Geo. H. Bailey, in commemora tion of his connection with the combined' Australian team of cricketers in England and America in 1878." . 'Some dissatisfaction (writes - last night's Herald) is felt by the dwellers in. the neigh borhood of the Williamstown Junction Rail way Station on account of tho regulations in force," which do not permit trains to Gcelong I stopping at that place. On Saturday night j there" were four passengers at the junction who wished to go to Geelong, hnt were un able to do so onthi3 account, and the station | master, although appealed to'by them, re fused to notify the fact of their presence to head-quarters at Spencer-street. The Sydney Morning Herald is glad to find that interest is already being taken at a dis tance in the fine art section of the New South Wales International Exhibition. Among the paintingsgoingtotheExhibitionfrom Victoria i area couplebyayounglady artistnamedGour lay, who has already made her mark in Mel bourne art circles. She sends " A Norwe gian Fjord," after Duhtze, and a copy of M. L. Buvelot's delicious picture " A Winter Morning near Heidelberg." The ravages of the phylloxera threaten to erase the name of France from the list of wine-growing countries, though her growth of wine has hitherto exceeded that of all the rest of the world, put together. Hun gary comes next, but at an almost immea surable distance (425,000 hectares of 2£ acres each, against 2,582,716 hectares) ; Austria comes next with 223, Q00 ; Portugal, 204,000; Roumania, 102,000; Baden, 27,000; Bavaria,. 22,000 ; Spain furnishes no data as to her wine production ; Australia is set down as having G950 hectares of vines ; South Africa and California are not returned. Five neglected children, with dirty but in telligent faces, matted hair, and ragged, habiliments, were brought before the City Bench on Mouday (reports the Age): They had been found in a shed in Little Lonsdale street, one huddled up in a box and the others lying down in a filthy corner, covered with three or four dirty old bags. Mr Hill," the City Court visitor, stated that all the boys had been up before and had been let off. Mr Panton, P.M., sent them to the Indus trial Schools for five years, and ordered the parents to he summoned to show cause why they should not contribute towards the chil dren's maintenance. • The fear of the total destruction of Eu ropean vineyards by the phylloxera (says a Paris Correspondent of the Sydney Herald) has led the Spanish orange- growers to insti tute experiments as to the possibility of making wine from that fruit as a substitute for the grape^ and a first sale of this new wine has just been made at Valencia, in' Spain. Four sorts have., been produced from the orange; all of these are well re | ported of. One of them is a sparkling wine. They are of agreeable flavor and color, and of fair strength. The matter is attracting considerable attention among" the owners of the devastated French vineyards, and several of them are understood to be intending to experiment for themselves oh the possibility of replacing the vine by the orange. Mr Tucker, M.L. A., who was out driving with some of - his family on Saturday after noon, was proceeding along the Heidelberg lane, -between Gowerville and Heidelberg, when one of the shaft bolts gave way. The horse became frightened, and commenced plunging, when the buggy capsized, and the inmates were thrown out. Mr Tucker at once made for the animal's head, and with difficulty held it. Some draymen, who ob served the accident, lent'their assistance, and fixed the shaft so as to enable Mr Tucker to proceed home. Mr Tucker (says the Argus) sustained several nasty bruises and scratches, and the eldest hoy,- Bertie, had his collar-bone broken. The second boy also received several, bad, cuts ; but, strange to say, a servant girl and two of the younger children, who were sitting on the back seat, all escaped unhurt. It is rumored (says the Mount Alexander Mail) that tho manager and teller of the Bank of New South Wales at Jerilderie re ceived a rough reception at Melbourne when they appeared to inform the manager there that the branch establishment had been stuck up and robbed by the Kellys. The news was stale before their arrival, and the Melbourne manager is Eaid not to under stand how the branch should have been closed, and-two of the officers come a long journey to tell him what he knew, and what one could have'done, besides in advance com municating by telegram, either from Jeril derie or-Deniliquin. The officials are said to have been reprimanded for allowing the property of tho hank to be taken away with out a struggle in its defence, and directed to pay their, travelling expenses, out of their own pockets. A most cowardly assault -was committed on a Chinaman.named'Ah Cow, on Sunday, at about three o'clock p.m., by several young men of tho larrikin class, who knocked open the door of - a Chinaman's hut at Snake Valley. Ah Cow opened the door, when be received a most dangercus and severe wound °n the right temple,' completely severing the muscles and veins down to the skull. The police were at once communicated with, and seeing the nature of the injuries, sent to Dr. Nolan, who found the injured man 111 a comatose state, with a large gaping wound over.the right temporal region. All that could be done by surgical aid was at once earned out. Grave doubts are enter tained, owing to .the natnre of the injuries and advanced, age of the Chinaman, who is sixty-four, years old, whether he will sur vive. ThoBallarat Courier learns that the young man who committed the assault has been arrested. \- We learn, on the authority of the Ballarat Courier, that paper currency is again'suffer ing a depreciation, this time through tho action of an individual giving the name of Mr O Halloran Kent, who represented him self as a new arrival from Hamilton, and who found quarters at Grant's Hotel. After staying there some little time, he tendered a cheque for £10 on a bank at Hamilton, in payment of his score. On Monday, the 10th, he visited Mr Morgan Lee's Hotel, and there he tendered another cheque for a similar amount. Mr Lee, however, would not ad vance the whole of the money, and gave him only £4, and in tho meantime communicated with the authorities of the Hamilton Bank. On Monday Mr tee -was informed that tt. signature on the chequo was not ktm,, |£= there, and he accordingly reported p! matter to the police authorities. Mr also found out that the cheque he got %■ worthless, but ha .declined to take any ^ jf/ in the matter. J There was another large attendance attt. f&? Mechanics' Institute last evening, on ^ ''' occasion of the fourth exhibition ot , D'Arcy Bead's Ghosts. The entcrtainm^, commends itself to the patronage oi jj f ■ classeB, as it is devoid of all that pertains t, pi; theatricals. Ab upon the previous ere®,,. 8 - much merriment was evinced tw^-i s i ■ phantom exhibition, the eccentricities o{ tvi f spirits evoking almost continuous langb.„ j In addition to the favorite entertainment I- K' the Christys, and the exhibition oi p.' R'V Haunted House, this evening there will h» t | ' spectralhistbricalromance, entitled "Tempi!. tion, or the knight watching his armour,"; r1 laughable piece, first introduced by Prefer |S Pepper in his ghest entertainment iu p - polytechnic Hall, London, some years aince. I" j It will include music, songs, dances, anj hi optical illusions. * . je 5 The receipts on the Government iina { g railway for the week ending 13th Febmjrt 1879, amounted to £23,614 3s 74, as ce~ t pared with £21,956 3s 9d for the eorresp^ ing week in 1878. Passengers, etc., £n v(j! 4s 2d, as against £8,810 17a 104 in 1S"V ' merchandise, minerals, and cattle, T93*"5d as .against £13,145 5s lid inls^^ Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £803,;,55 If? 1£3 2d, as againBt £763,739 13s for thefc,, f responding period in 1S78. Weekly aren«J (33 weeks), 1879, - £24,325 7s; ij-ji £23,143 i2s 6d. Number of miles opal 1879, 1071; 1878," 935. . i 'An appeal in aid of tlie Catholic Orphans® ■ is to. be made at St. Mary's Church affep eleven o'clock Mass next Snnday, as cho.^w the other Catholic churches in the G«W. m district. ' ail The Queenscliffe Borough Council intend c- iff Monday next making a rate of Is in the £. " M The - ' - - - - the Town towards relieving the unfortaii W shareholders of the City of Glasgow Bani ffi The members of the Geelong Artillerj-" parade this evening for infantry drilL . i:V Messrs Buckland and Burnett desire to lis attention directed to their_ advertised sated "Bell Park," the late residence of llrJehK Bell, deceased, on the 27th inst. K Mr Frederick Page reports having sold b i?8 auction the interest (if any)_ in and to cata Rf lands at Colac, by order of Mr James Sims® p: the official assignee in the estate of WHliu Willis, of Colac, grazier, for the sum oi fire the purchaser being Mr John Middlemiss. 