feMIer. PICTURESQUE EDINBURGH. ' Every trno Sootamnn believes Edinburgh to l)a the most picturesque oity iu tlio world,' said Alexander Smith. A strangor approach ing that oity must experience the same feel ing, for not only natural scouory irnd art, but also history and romance, combine to graoe me oia capital ui (jouhouu mm mythical splendour. 01 all tho cities of the ? modern world, Edinburgh is perhaps the most beautifully located. On every side the architectural masses are relieved by natural lorma which enohance ihem, arid which aro oi even groater beauty. Baliiad tho oity are tho noblo outlines of Arthur's Sunt and tho exquisite profile of tho Crag?, while on tho left hand aro the bold seaward esoarpmeuts of the Calton Hill. Aud of the Castle as a natural feature, how is it possible to Bay too muoh 1 Thruai up between tho dusky ridgen of tho Old To'wn and the lorn! leotunciilar viatas oi the New, it stands thero a oitadel, u watoli-towor, aud a landmark seen irom afar. For centuries Edinburgh was a small settle ment of Btraw- thatched huts surrounded by dense iorests. It is unquestionably tho chjld of the magnificent fortress of ruck whioh to aay stands in the very midst of tbo city, crowned by tho calibrated Castlo. This rook is said to have been used »s a fortification in the earliest time by the' Augles, aud afterward it. became an important military stronghold of the S-ixona. Edwin tbe King . . of Northumbria, oiton made his residuum there. find the ttiuca D^m« to be called Edwin's burgh, or stronghold, whioh ia un ? doubtedly the significance of tho came it bears to-day. Alter tho teventh oiptury, or the era of Edwin, the city increased in size and importance. During the reign of David ? ? ? I., iu 1129, it catne to be one of the obiof burghs in the kingdom, and the royal court was hold there. It wsb David who founded the abbey of Holyrood. To the canons of this abbey ha'granted the right to build n suburb westward from their ohuroh toward ? tlifl riARtln' Tim new riistrinfc revived tho name of Vicus Canonicorum, whioh waB gradually ohauged to tao popular form of y Canongate. Wh*t memories are awakened at the sound of that name 1 Alexander Smith oalls Canohgate 'Scottish history fossilized.' One may pass from under the 'shadow of the Castle in the Grass-market by the anoient Cathedral of St. Giles, through .. High Street and Canongate, to Holyrood ?Pftlndfl . fiverv Rten rHflullinff Htrimrre old reminisoencea of past time. Old armorial ?bearings are still visible over anoient door ways. Ghosts of kings and queens haunt ' ? the air. Thoughts of King James riding to Hodden Field of fair Mary of Soots, of John ? Knox, of bands of fiery Covenanters, crowd upon one, mingled with gentler visionB of modern time — of Burns, oi Sir Walter Soott, and many other celebrated men with whom 'we have lived in imagination, if not in re ality. \- As the Oastle Book — a natural fortification 'in itself — ia in reality the nuoleus around \- whioh the whole oity has gathered, it must . ' demand first attention. The rock itself is a tugged basaltic mass, rising about 400 feet ' above the level of the sea. It is perpendicular \- on all sides except toward the east, where it descends gradually to the plain from which rise the picturesque Salisbury Crags and tho noble elevation of Arthur's Seat. Tho present buildings of the fortress date baok only to the fifteenth oentury, with tho exception oi the', lit tie Norman ohapel built by the pious Queen Margaret, the Saxon 'wife of Malcolm- Ceanmore, and mother of TtavM T aha /««! in *Via Hull. 5„ H,„ ..«-? 1093. .The anoient^Castle bore the name of Cas \- trum Puellarum — Castlo of Maidens — and old legends give^aa a reason that the Pictish kings nsed to place their daughters there for safe-keeping (.until their marriage. A deso , late, isolated spot indeed for the homo of 1 - merry-hearted beauty, and one oan imagine ? these maidens gazing , from the battlements \- with .longing eyes, and waiting, like tbe PrincesB Thorn-rose, for the daring knight who should deliver them baok to the world. The fortress is of little military value at the present time, and mainly interesting for .its conneotion with Scottish history. Pass ing the glacis, or esplanade, which in former times was tlio scene of the execution of | . many a political criminal, the fortress ia en tered by a drawbridge spanning a deep, dry , fosse. Here one must pause to consider for a moment the richness of surrounding asso ? ciaiions. Over the portcullis gate is tho old . state prison where the Marquis and the Earl ot Argyll and many otber illustrious prisoners passed many dreary hours. There, behind the armory, ia the old sally-port where Viscount Dundee Borambled up aud held conference with the Duke of Gordon nn.ll, I'r, u,„ TT ; 1, 1 J UOIUIO uui.u IU UAUllO WU £L1(JIWUUU olans to enthusiaem for King JnmOB. Pass ing into the quadrangle, we oome to that portion of the Oastle which for oonturies formed the royal residence of the Scottish kings and queens. Here, in a wretohod little , room on the ground floor, ^James X. of Eng land was born. In another part of tho residenco is the Crown ltoom, where the ooronation of many . , «nr.o'vnl.a hJ. „10„„ -TO.« ? !»_?. ? li ? of Scotland is preserved in this room. It consists of a crown, sceptre, and sword of state. The crown is said to be the Bame one whioh rested upon tbe brow of Bobert Bruce. Monograms of more modern kings have beon added, bnt the crown itself is of ? very antique workmanship.. This royal re galia wa3 forgotten for a hundred years, dur- 1 ?? ing whioh time it rested in an iron- bound oaken chest in thisisame room. It was only . in 1818 that it was again brought to light. . On. the.King's Bastion stands tbe famous old cannon Mans Meg, pointing peacefully rover the valley. Its days of warfare are over, and [it is regarded only as a ouriosity of the past. It is supposed to have been . constrnoted about the year 1476, at Mons, in Belgium, and is known to have boen used by. James IV. at the siege of Dumbarton in 1489, and again at the siege of Norham CaBtle, on the Borders, in 1497. It ended its career in 1632, when it burBt during, the firing of a salute to the Duke of York. This great cannon, once celebrated as the largest in tho world, is formed of long staves of malleable iron held together by hoops. . Standing in etornal silence on the lonely bastion, it is an imposfng reminder of the e(ni-mv RftVilfil* tontR nf Innrr nrrn 'Paahnnnn the ramparts at the side of this 'gigantio old . war fiend, one may enjoy a magnifioent and extended prespeot. Half Scotland stretohes around: on'tlTe south, tbo'blue bulk_.of the Pentlands j oh the north, the green, gnarled, round-headed Oohils, with, the Firth flowing between, as if to soothe the wound .whioh mado these. ridgeB twain; and- .on,',*th(J 1 extreme 'iar noitn- west, tho hills' of, ^tob \- Boy's country, Ben Lomond, Ben'SCTpdi, Ben Voirlioh,'' and the rest, lifting up ? their kingly foreheads. Fife,' less . bold and - ambitious, yet attracts and fixes -.the' gaze by the loveliness of its low; \- 1/inninn aVi/\VAR RaanurfT owflrn' _ tnresque point and ooigns of vantage', Inoh keitli, the Basa and North Berwick Law, ia „ * strongly protruded, as well' as dearly seen, and Leith and its neighbourhood oome out eo ? distinctly that you can feel as well as pro ' nonnce the words : , -? Tbe boat rocks at the pier o' Leith,' . v, V1 '? ,;Fu' loud' tie wind blaws frae the ferry.' -7 Eastward. 'Arthur's Seat ? towers grandly aaainst the sky, and Salisbury Orag seems a \-- promontory overhanging an unseen and ideal ocean. Nowhere else can you see so weli'tho contrast' between the character of tho two towns— -the Old and the New— tho latter gay, glittering, like a seotion of Paris as seen from Notre Dame, BmiliDg as if there wero no' suoh things- as Death and Change in the nniverso ; tho other with the shadow of a thousand .sad memories mingling with the light of other- days npon it, sombre, sublime, silent in its . age— trnly what Wordsworth calls it: ? i j ' ' Stately Edinburgh, throned on orags.'. And the valley whioh separates tho one from the other is different from and superior to both— a gulf fixed, bnt a glorious ono, with tho' bridges and the mound oroBsing and oheering and peopling tho oh nam 1 In tho very centre of it rises Scott's Monument— an omblem of his wide and oathoiio genius, binding together present and perished agos. Almost nt our feet; towering above^U sur roundings, is the crowned beUry of old St. I Giles's. Of how liiuoh does it not remind us I It takes us baok to tho Edinburgh of finnnn Murv and of John Knox, and wo seem to live again in that timo of fior3o theologioal I strife. . ... I Knox was moro olosely oasooiatol . witu Edinburgh than with any other place. Born in a small villago of Lothian, tho county of j which Edinburgh was the shiro town, nearly his whole lifo was spent in that vicinity, ana hia groat life work centred there. Ho passort through many stormy seasons and times of trial, and at last, ' weary oi tho world and thirsting to depart,' he died in liidiuburgh in 1572. His grave ia marked by a small flat Btone, over whioh tho Begont Morton pronounoed the memorable eulogium : ' Hero lies he that never foared the faoo of man 1' The liouee where he lived and died still stands in the Noti'.er Bow, bstweon High-Btreet and Oanongato. It is a pio turesque old building, one of the oldest in tho oity. . Near the northwest corner of St. Gilos s, imbedded in tho pathway, is a email stons, marking tho sito of tho old Tolbooth, whose oant uarao of the Heart of Mid-Lothian has been rendered familiar as a household word by Scott's beantifal novel. Passing the Parliament House— a quaint, fltp.telv old building, with -antique turrets and sculptures, where, on the adjournment of the last legislature of Sootland iu 1707, Lord | Chancellor Seafield exolaimed, ' There's an end of an auld aang 1?'— pne may oross George IV. Bridge, and oomo into the presence of the silent yet oloqueut dead lying under tho grass of old Greyfriar's Churchyard. This waa originally the site of a Franoisoan monastery, whioh was destroyed iu 1559.. Afterwards tho ground, by a special grant of Queen Mary, waa constituted tho city oeme tery. It is ono of the most interesting spots of old Edinburgh. In the old ohuroh here, in 1038, after a Bermon by Alexander Henderson, the ' Solemn Loaguo nnd Oovo nnnt' waB signed by all tho congregation, tbe Earl of Sutherland, heading the list. Afterward it was carried out and laid on a flat tombstone in the yard, where tho vast multitude assembled there all pressed for ward, in earnestness and zeal to affix their own nume3 to the parohment. Many, amid tears and prayore, wrote their names witb their own blood — a terrible forewarning of streams of blood that should flow in conse quence. The stone may still be seon, in olosed with an iron railing, solid and firm ae the hearts of those who crowded around it in that long ago. The walla of old Greyfriara have echoed with the voices of Scotland's ablest preaohers. Hero Dr. Bobertson, the historian, gave full vent to his eloquence. RnHnMc. tlin firRt nrinoinal of tue Uni versity of Edinburgh, Dr. John Erskine, Dr. John Inglis, and Dr. Guthrio havo all been incumbents hero. Scott worshipped in this old ohuroh when a boy, and his father and other members of the family are buried in tho churchyard. Here also lie Alexander Henderson, Goorgo Buchanan, Allan Bamsay, Hugh Blair, to gether with many other eminent men of Edinburgh— lawyers, professors, and ohief magistrates. Here was brought, wrapped in a ooarse cloak, at dead of night, the head less body of the once powerful Begent Mor | ton, and secretly buried in an obscure grave. But thoro are yet nobler sleepers in this 'God's acre'— an innumerable oompauy of martyrs. A monument to their memory bears the inscription : — ' From 27th May, 1G61, that the most noblo Marquis of Argyll was beheaded, to the 17th February, 1C88, that Mr. James Benwick Buffered, were ono way or other murdered and destroyed for the same eause, about 18,000, of whom wero exe cuted at Edinburgh about 100 of noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others — noble martyrs for Jesus Christ. Tho most of them lie here.' T- _ .1 ? nn Mia onntVl C1I1A nf in a ueauiuio VVIUUL ua, ~ the yard about 1200 Covenanters, prisoners taken at Bothwell Bridgo, were confined for five months, and Bubjeoted to the moat re fined ornelties. Tbey wero oonfined in tho open air, with no shelter and no provision for their oomfort. Four ounces of bread per day, with water from one of the oity pipes, whioh passed near the place, was the allow ance for each man. If any prisoner rose from the ground at night, ho was at onoe shot at by the guard. Only women wero allowed occasionally to communicate with them and bring them food, and these were subjected to every species of insult from the guard posted at the gate. Somo broke down under j the sufferings of this anciont Andersonville, nnH Hicrned a bond never a train to take up arms against the king, upon whioh conces sion they wero released. Over 400 remained firm and many fell victims to tho severity of the Scottish winter. A remnant, about 250, wero finally sent on a ship to Barha- | does. Tho vessel was wreokod on the way, and only a few souls were saved. Tho Covenanters' prison-yard is accessible by an ancient stone gatoway, the opening guarded bv an iron-rail gato, through' which ono 17 i ? ? wifliirt may iook wjui unu uu ? -- sanctified by so much misery. .Near by rests ono of tho ohief onomies of the persecuted Covenanters, Sir Georgo Mackenzie. Ho was King's Advocate in the terrible times of Charles II. and James II., and. had a large share in tho cruelties then practised. He was so detested by tho common people that they believed his body oould not rest in the grave, hut was forced to wander, keeping' restless and -wretched guard, liko a sentinel of hell, around tho circlo of his victims; aud boys used to cry in. at tho koyhole of his monument, ' Bluidy Mackenzie, come out if yo danr ; Lift the sneok and draw the bar.' ?Pnoaino frivm fttfivJriara' bv Collene Wvnd. where Walter Soott was born, we may oroso She South Bridge and go to the Tron Church in High street, where in the square, the good people of Edinburgh for»centuries have been wont to meet to exohange N6w Year's greeting. When the dock in the ohuroh tower -ohimeB tho momentous hour of twelve, the whole air rings with shouts of ' a happy New-Year 1' Friend and stranger aro aliko grasped by tho hand, and mutual good wishes exchanged. There is a tradition that the artides of union between England and Sootland, were finally subBoribed in a cellar opposite the entrance to the Tron Ohuroh. The place is at, present ocaupied by a wicker-yrorker, and nothing may bo seen there but the material of a workshop. Here the North . Bridgo orosses the valley towards Prinoes-slieet and the new portion of Edinburgh. Just beyond the bridge, in High-street, is, the shop where Allan D.-nnnn lionnn hnDinaoa ' nn a linnlru nlldr . Every step here is full of interest, and tho history of each horise would make a book. Blaokfriar's-Btreet, running from 'tho Cow gate hitherward, was, until recently, a dis mal and wretobod alley — Blackfriar's Wynd. Bobert Chambers speaks of it in his timo as being utterly impassable on aocount of its ruined condition, and it is difficult to fancy that for a period of over five hundred yearB it was the abode of princes and noblemen. Here dwelt the princely Earl of Orkney, whose dame was attended by ' seventy-five gentlewomen, whereof fifty - three wero, daughters of noblemen, all olothed in velvets and silks, with their ohaine of gold.' Queen Mary waa entertained here with all the nobles of her oourt, and through hero she passed on her way to Holyrood after her last visit to Darnloy, on tho very night of his murder. The wholo length of tbe Canon-, gato to Holy-rood is alive with associations both romantio and historical. In the ceme tery of Canongate Ohuroh sloop many- of the literary men of tho last oentury. Here lie the remains of FerguBSon the poet, whose monument was ereoted at the exponas of Bobert Burns, ' to remain for ever Eacred to j the memory of him whose name it bea^B, and who wad. boro 5th September, 1751 ; died 16th October, 1774.' (To h continued.) , . 