A ROY HEAD'S. GHOSTS. Iu the Masonic Hall, last evening, there assembled :i numerous audience to witness the first representation of JJ'Arcy Head's Ghost Entertainment. The entertainment is not alone striki ugly novel and iutere sting, but the mechanical portion of it exceedingly clever, and calculated to set the uninformed mind a wonder ing how the mysterious oracles—tiie ghosts— arc worked. Of course no one now-a-days believes in spiritual visitors, that is to say immaterial shadows supposed to be inhabitants of another and unsubstantial -world; but though one may be a disbeliever iu goblins, specttes, and others of that ilk. an evening spent with Mr. Head's ghosts is likely to rouse the imagination, and set it on the qui vitv for Nmveicomejviidiiight visitant* ^ an ;uh.eii_ ture wim .ur, Head's shadows would not at all be disagreeable, for they are a most jolly and laughter-loving set, and a few moments make yp'-T thcjci.ghiy enjoy their genial fellowship. A large stage has been specially erected in the hall, and hung wi.th a sufficiency- of drapery to heighten the general .effect, ; The entertainment commences with the Phantom Ch.ristys, who ring • number of songs, and perform several U iq a'.^ery ,diverting, itianner.. Upon the" stage aro seated veritable representatives of, burnt', cork, iy!}o start.a soDg or dauce which is taken up by the phantoms who in an instant appear and disappear upon the stage in a most mysterious manner. This is followed by a sketch called- " A 1'arsee in search of his wife," tho feature of which is that alternately the husband and wife appear in sight, the one disappearing, so to apeak, through the other, until at length both meet in the flesh and, of course, happiness results. What was termed a metaphysical farce—"The Haunted House, or the (ihost's lievels"—concluded the enter tainment, and as the title would indicate to some the farce proved very laughable, and .afforded opportunities for the introduction of some very clever and scientific effects, which drew very appreciative applause from the audience. A large variety of interesting cha racters aro introduced into this sketch, that lend a degree of animation and rollicking humor to it, the very reverse of (he ghostly. In the way of optical delusion tho happiest effect was a kind of conglomeration of ghosts with mortality, who mingled in a wild chaotic dance, in which all laws of gravitation were upset, and it appeared as possible fur a man to walk across a floor, up a perpendicular wall, and on a ceiliug, head downwards, as to sit in a chair. i\Ir. and Mrs. D'Arcy Read, Miss Baa sett M'DoiiaId, Mdlle. Gracie, Misses Kmutt and Young sustained the principal characters, and during the evening performed some dances and songs very pleasingly. Tho entertainment alto gether is one that cannot fail to please, though an improvement could be effected by selecting less antiquated music. A second performance will be given this evening. 