During the week the Williamstown Chess Club received a visit from this celebrated twelve-year old chessplayer and composer, and some very interesting games, were played between " the prodigy" (as he is now generally termed) and Mr. E. L. Bailey. The remarkable knowledge of the game dis-. played by Master Willie was a matter of astonishment to his opponent (who only just managed to hold his own at the odds of Ro.,k); and the quiet manner in which he proved himself well-informed as to all the little traps cunningly laid and sometimes daintily baited was something good to wit ness. His father, the worthy and genial Dr. Rohner, also favourerd our president with some lively skirmishes over, the chequered board before his departure forBright. Later in the week Mr. Thos. Henderson, of Berwick,, one of our oldest chess-friends and correspondents, also paid a visit to the Club, and, as usual, hard knocks and smart con tests were the order of the day. Chess News ! The Observer Miscellan.i' records the death at Adelaide on the 11th January, at the early age of 25 years, of Mr. John Charlick, a brother of the leading member of the local chess club.. Mr. J. Charlick was at one tihn himself a promising member of the Club, and in 1870, at the age of 16, he won the first prize of live guineas in the MelbourneLeades Problem Tourney, in which were 21 compet ing sets. He competed in the handicap tourney at the Adelaide Chess Club in 1870, and obtained the sixth prize. He also engaged in the next two handicap competi tions at the Club, and ,n each occasion bore off the second pr;ze. His progress was so fast that he had been promoted by the handi cappers from the Rook to the Pawn and two. After this he left Adelaide for a time, and did not snbseqoeutly take a prominent part in chess matters. Some six months ago symptoms of pulmonary consumption sud denly manifested themselves, and on the 15th ult. thesad consummation was reached. A story is told of a shrewish Scotch woman who tried to wean her husband from the public house by employing her brother to act tihe part of a ghost, and frtghten John on his way home. "Who are you 1" said the guidmin, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "I am Auld Nick," was the reply. "Comeo awa', man," said John, nothing daunted. "Gie's a shake o' your hand-I am married tae a sister o' yours." Why is it vulgar to send a telegram! Because it's maktug use of ilash language.: What kind of servants are best for hotels ? =The Inn-experienced. ' Vhy nught a greedy man to wear a plaid waistcoat ?-To keep a check upon his stomach. In what key shohid a declaration of love be made? -Be mine, ah I (B minor). A flat more likely. Why are two young ladies kissing each other an emblem of Christianity ?-Because they are doing unto each other as they would men hmtld do unto them. Why should a man named Benjamin marry a girl named Annie -Because he would then be Bennie-fitted, she Annie-mated. Why ought young ladies to mind their P's and Q'?!-ro enable them to discover the difference between being Polite and Quiet, and being Pert and Quarrelsome. When has a man brown hands.?-When he's tandt'em, driving. Why had Eve no fear of the measles?! Because she'd Adam. SWhy do girls like looking at the moon - Because there's a man in it. When is a blow from a young lady wel came ?-W-hen she strikes you agreeably. To what ago do most giils wish to attain ? -Marri-age. 