POSSESSED BY A GHOST. Miss TOOPS, ago 14, of Westminster, Md., sccB at intervals a full-aized ghost-a man witli a red face and sandy whiskers. Early in the summer there were rappings and movemohts about the house, which convinced the mother that her daughter really did see a ghost. Oho morning when they slept lator than usual, a little bell was rung violently, and the tableware was tossed from the kitchen into the bedroom. After this tho spirit played mischievous pranks almost every morning. "When - Mrs. Toops would be Bpreadinjg tho tablecloth, it would be snatched out of her hand, and plates, knives, and forks would be thrown to the floor. One of its favourite tricks was to strip ths beds of their covering, and on several occasions a feather bed was tossed to the, floor. Thero wero fre quent pulling matches between tho mother, tho daughter, and the ghost, tho latter trying to get possession of sheets and counter panes as they were being spread on tho beds. One day the ghost, seen only by tho daughter, but heard by the mother, was unusually trouble* some. They wero boeing in the gardeti, and overy few minutes they would be stopped in their work, and would bo unable to raieo their hoos fcvm tho grouud. Tho mothor told the daughter to striko him. The ghost said u If you strike mo I'll bo tho death of yon" She, however, directed a blow at his lace, and instantly fell down in a fit. Tho girl has spjifmH nearly every day, ;in which she loses consciousness. Theso come on her whenever she resists tho ghost, or refuses to obey him/ A'ew York Tribune. THE otbcr evening, nt tho Metropolitan Tubernacle, 6.13*8 tho European Mail, Mr. Thomas Spnrgeon, Fon of Mr. 0. H. Spurgeon, addressed some farewell remarks to a.crowded congregation previous to his departure-..-for Australia. Sinco his return from that colony, a few months since, Mr. T. Spurgeou has been suffering from weakness. Acting on .medical ndvico, it has been resolved that ho should make another visit to South Australia, . Ho will not tnko tho ministry of any particular church, but will visit tho various placos- of worship aa an cvangolist, commencing at Mol bourne. .; .c 