TOPICS Or THE WEEK. The movement so opportunely commence*!, some months ago, by a few intelligent and energetic farmers of Rochester, has now assumed large proportions, and was crowned on Wednesday by the opening in Melbourne of a conference of the farmers' anions of Victoria. It would have added somewhat to 'he imposing aspect of the gathering if a larger numberof unionB had been represented, but the attendance was probably affected by the distance of many of the various anions from the metropolis. At any rate, there is no reason to doubt the thoroughly represent tative character of the gathering, and its pro ceedings showed that there is a practical unanimity of feeling on the subjects dis cussed. The farmers of Victoria are to be congratulated on the sensible, practical manner in which they went about the business in hand. The chairman, Mr. J. M. Highett, president of the Rochester Farmers' Union, was very pro. perly voted to the chair, and made a state ment of the objects to be kept in view. The Bubject of the revision of the tariff was dis cussed, and in dealing with it Mr. G. G. Morton took occasion, in the course of some sensible remarks about the pressure of the customs duties on agriculture, to glance at the hollow sophistries with which Mr. Casey sought to forbid the farmers considering the question of free trade and protection. Mr. Morton showed that the farmers were directly interested in this question, inasmuch as they wanted shipping in the port to carry away their grain, while the protective policy en deavoured to exclude shipping as much as pos sible. The resolutions passed on the first day affirmed the desirability of revising the tariff in the interests of agriculture, the necessity of redividing the electoral districts with the view of conserving the agricultural interests, of representing the interests of agriculture to the Government, and of securing the proper.representation of agriculture in Parlia ment In discussing the last provision, in stances of the insolence shown by members of the Government and of Parliament towards the demands of the tarmerswere quoted. The proceedings were thoroughly business-like and harmonious, and if any interested parties hoped to excite dtabmon among the farmers, and so to discredit their movement, the hope was not at all realised. Mr. Casey gave some highly CaSey-like advice the other day to the Marong branch of the Central Loddon Fanners' Union. We do not know1 how the advice appeared to the Farmers' Union, but' to us it looks very puzzling. Mr. Casey repudiates the pro hibition which it has been been attempted to impose on the Farmers' Union, forbidding it to meddle with politics. He quite rightly says that such a limitation would -be quite absurd. But it seems to na that Mr.Casey attempted himself to impose one at UjMt as absurd, He < op the subject , ... with their unions. Aflmireiq jifojpw * and ipdireot genius of 's?Tt uith pleasure, that thisistakii^r tion with one hand and laying, oth$r. To tell farmers that %e politics, but 4^ Aust n abo^ttheWpoli^l^Jwt reiterate Mr. Bwr? ed his |»$Piar fe«t trade and protection as a tabooed subject. It wae because " there was a wide diversity of opinion on the subject," and therefore farmers ought to be quiet, and leave the matter to be dealt with by the reform leagues of the metropolis and its suburbs. More over, Bays Mr. Casey, " the question in no way affected their case." Indeed! But let us read on. Mr. Casey went on to point out that agriculture is crippled by the cruelly oppressive protective duties imposed for the benefit of town manufactures. These, he admits, should be taken off. But yet the question of protection must not be discussed! Again, he commended to their notice a complicated scheme of trade and fiscal re ciprocity with the other colonies, which he said "it was absolutely necessary that the farmers should discuss." And so on in subtle, and bewildering, and insincere eloquence, Mr. Casey proceeded, involving himself and his hearers in puzzle and confusion. There was a time when the farmers of the colony might have listened to and believed in this kind of thing, but we think that time is pasBed, If there is any meaning at all in the present movement, it is that the farmers feel that their interests are not safe in the hands of self-seeking politicians, and determine that they will themselves have something to say in the matter. The discussion in the Assembly on Wednes day night on the distribution of Government advertisements shows the extent of the dis satisfaction in the Ministerial ranks with the revengefulpolicy of the Government in with holding for political reasons all public adver. tisements from the Daily Telegraph. It is gratifying to Bee that even among the fol- | lowers of Mr. Berry there is sufficient manli ness and Bense of English fair play to resent that attack on the freedom of the press which forms one of the deepest stains on the history of the Berry Administration. Although the discussion was not at all unmarked by party feeling, the hope was as strongly expressed on the Government side of the House as on the other, that the Ministry would revert to an honest and fair course in dispensing what ia called Government " patronage." That Mr. Pearson Bhould adduce a lot of sophistical reasons in justification of the action of Mr. Berry was qnite characteristic, but the Jesuitical pleadings of the hon. member at tracted little notice. That the members of the Ministry present should deprecate any thing like criticism in the absence of Mr. Berry, the only man who knew anything about the matter, was equally characteristic. The view of the valiant" Major" Beeking to escape the sharp fire of comment and ex postulation, by begging the HouBe to wait till it could bestow it on Mr. Berry, was especially significant of the degree of coura geous resolution animating that worthy. And, lastly, the sour malignity of the remarks contributed by the gracious Longmore to the discussion was the moBt characteristic thing of alL There would seem to be a rivalry between the two Gipps Land constituencies as to which can the most distinguish itself by flagrant disregard of the decencies of political ife in the choice of its members. North Gipps Land at one time gloried in the possession of a rowdy member who was ultimately ex pelled from Parliament for brawling be haviour that became absolutely intolerable. It then took up with that most inveterate place-hunter, Mr. F. L.' Smyth. In the meantime Sonth Gipps Land was happy in being represented by its present boast, Mr. F. C. Mason, who had in various spheres, in the senate, on the turf, and in the omnibus, asserted his claims t^ distinction. After a time a candidate appeared on the Bcene whoBe title to the ne pita ultra of dis repute eclipsed that of 'Mr. Mason, and this versatile genius was for a while discarded to make room for the lamented Dr. Macartney. The death of that member gave Mr. Mason another chance, and as he had neglected no opportunity of bringing himself and hiB character before the notice of the public, South Gipps Land was satisfied that it could not do worse, and proudly returned him as its member. Now the Incumbent Of North Gipps Land, having earned a judgeship by unscrupulous party service, purposes to resign his seat in favour -of whom ? Why, of the very member who was turned out of Parliament for gross and repeated disorderly behaviour two years ago. If a more empty, at the same time more noisy, candidate than Mr. M'Kean were to come forward, no one Bnpposes that that hero of a hundred brawls would have the ghost of a chance. But this supposition iB a most violent one, and aa tiie case stands, assuming that North Gipps Land is true to its character and its traditions, there is good hope that its much trafficked seat will hp occupied by Mr. M'Kean, to the credit or ftie* constituency and to th'e honour n.wfl glory of the Assembly, of which he will form a jpro , minent ornament. Such 'utter recklessness as to character, and good repute, and per sonal capacity as is exhibited by these two rival constituencies is remarkable even In the unpleasant annals of Victorian .politics. J Tbdse scribes and orators on whom is devolved the difficult task of proving that *yictbrk is happy and prosperous and flourish &£ under the role of Bertyism often attempt I^ ^OW th&t; there is as much difficulty in fin^njg eniplibympnt in New South Wales as in iftetom.: \% is, indeed, a professed article cftfaeir Creed that we tihonld have no distress jieireif it weise' not fpr the crowds of working meti fl^klne here'from the Other colonies to ^ifj'oy the bles^ngB 6f protection and the high wagek in force here. We need notenter upon an examination pf this interesting belief. People who can l^lieVe that can be lie^anything, and we not snppose it is really held by a single human creature. It is ciiffident to point to the evince of fact, shoving that employment in fbe volony of New South Wales iB abundant, in spite of the large number who still arrive as assisted immi grants. The shipLaHogue recently brought in 470 immigrants, and the whole number were engaged almost at once and without any difficulty. A Sydney journal Btated that " those of the single women who were avail able for engagement inBtantly met with em ployers, and there were at Fort Macquarie applications for the services of a greater number of single men than arrived by the vessel." In the face of facts of which this is only a single sample mere imaginative rhetoric about the state of distress among the working classes of Sydney is quiet idle. Let us try to imagine the state of things that would be produced at the present time in Melbourne by the arrival of a few successive shiploads of immigrants, who would neces sarily be quite unable to get employment, and then we may in some degree realise the difference in the state of things under free trade and rational government in New South Wales and Berryism and protection in Vic toria. These are very strange complaints that have formed matter of discussion recently respecting the spirit shown in the manage ment of the banking business of Melbourne. We are not aware that similar charges have been preferred in the same manner against the banks of other communities, so that perhaps the particular forms of wickedness alleged against the banks are altogether indigenous to Victoria. But here, if we are to believe accusations which sometimes take the shape of heavy articles in a review, and at other times of equally heavy speeches in Parliament, our banks are open to two very serious charges. One is that in dealing with the money entrusted to them by one set of customers for the purpose of profitable andsafe investment in the hands of another set of cus tomers, they do not give that free play that could be desired to those sentiments of sym pathy, generosity, and benevolence which confer grace and honour on our common human nature. Well, this is very grievous. But it is to be remarked that the com plaints come wholly from the borrowers. The other side, the lenders, whose money is operated upon and whoBe agents for invest ing purposes the banks are, do not appear to desire any change in the direction indicated. Indeed, it would almost seem as though the emotional and sympathetic borrowers ought to carry their complaints to the shareholders and depositors, and prevail on them to give instructions for a more generous use of their money. The other charge is a still more curious one. The banks, it seems, are actuated in their business by political feeling, and have a great "down" on Liberal poli ticians. So far is this feeling car ried that it would be possible to name half a dozen Liberal patriots whose joint and several signatures attached to a security would, if presented to & stony-hearted and plutocratic bank manager, be received only with a disdainful sniff. But here, againt it is neceBBary to hear what is said on the other side. The managers may say that their objection to the Liberal politicians in question as easterners is founded on experience, which has, in some cases, been bought at a stiff price. They may Bay that idlers and loafers, who have only taken to politics after having broken down in everything else, are not any more desirable customers on account of getting into Parliament and writing M.L.A. after their names. With these and similar plausi bilities do these men, corrupted, as Mr. Lalor would say, by the mercantile spirit, answer the appeals of our patriots to those noble sentiments which ought to form the sunshine of our social life. If the assertions made regarding the recent Bhooting case at Clunes are correct, in what a ridiculous light do they place our methods of dealing with the criminal classes. Here is a man who was sentenced to death for robbery and shooting, but instead of being hanged, as he ought to have been, his sen tence is commuted to a long term of imprison ment, and, instead ot being made to serve this, he is released after three years to renew his depredations on society. He again enters on a career of robbery, and a constable is sent to arrest him. The constable meets him, and has a revolver pat in his face, with 4he order to bail up. He plackily resists, and tries to capture his man, but the ruffian 'fires and shoots him in the thigh. Both belligerents then take to cover, and leisurely Maze away at each other, till the offender executes a strategic retreat, which'the ctmstable is prevented by loss of blood from interfering with. The trooper's pistol, singular to'Bay, appears to have successfully gone off each time when Called upon, but as the con stable appears to have been one of a number 'of the force who' ' have not fired a shot for 20 y&irs;," hte shots are perfectly harmless. Thetesult iBthat the offender gets away into thebnHh; declaring that ''thepolice should not take litm alive, and that he had plenty of emulation, and would be as bad as the Kellye." Up to the present time he has not been heard of, and the attempts to trace him have been ineffectual. - The case adds an illustration t6 those that havegone before of the insolent air of supremacy assumed by our criminal classes over the feeble agencies with which they, have to cope. If the clergy ever entertained a doubt on the subject i t must now be as apparent to them as it has all the 4ime been to everybody else that thd&e; of their number who are -desirouB of introdndAg religious instruction into the state syBtem of education are in hopeless dis accord with the almost unaniinons feeling of the laity on this important matter. The' clergy of the different-Frttestknt-sects differ materially atniorig 'themselves on the point, and even an assemblage of those who wish to alter the existing 'system' find a [great difficulty in agreeing on the alterations they iri^b »ee itdopitft, Hud, among the laity there is practical unanimity on the matter. Not a single lay meeting has been held to support the demands of the clergy, and every public meeting that haa been held to consider the matter has carried, either without opposition or by overwhelming majorities, resolutions diametrically hostile to those claims. The clear recognition of this fact simplifies the practical question very much. The ques tion is one in which the state has no interest save to meet the views of the majority of its citizens. And aB to the side favoured by the majority there is no room for any doubt at all. The whole of the laity (save a portion of those of the Catholic Church) are on one side, and a portion of the clergy, represent ing nobody but themselves, are on the other. But it is for the laity, and not for the clergy the vast body of the members of the churches, and not merely their handful of teachers-for whom the state has to legislate. The clergy ask the state to do their work, and their only ground of eo asking is that they find that they are not able to do it themselves. They find that, in a generation of grown-up persons, educated under the religious system, there is not sufficient inte rest in the subject of its maintenance to equip a small band of volunteer teachers to aid the clergy to impart religious instruction after hours in the state schools. The prac tical result of all this is pretty evident If the clergy choose to enter upon a propaganda with regard to this matter, they must begin with their own laity. By coming to the Legislature or the Government to prefer de mands for the radical alteration of a syBtem to which the laity as a whole are attached, and of which they are proud, they put them selves in a very false position, from which they cannot escape without undergoing in evitable and deserved humiliation. The Rev. C. T. Perks, in his zeal against the Education Act, rashly committed himself to some statements regarding its adminis tration which were capable of being brought to the absolute test of evidence, and the public have been enabled to form their own opinion as to the result. One statement made by Mr. Perks, and reiterated against the con tradiction of a gentlemen perfectly informed on the subject-that of the alleged demand of the Hotham Board of Advice for payment from a clergyman for the use of the schools for religious instruction-has been flatly con tradicted by the clergyman Mr. PerkB cited as hia informant, and can only be ascribed to a heated and insufficiently restrained imagi nation. The other statement, that a Rich mond school teacher, Mr. Derrick, threw systematic obstacles in the way of the children attending religious instruction, and ridiculed religious doctrines to them, has been fully lifted, and, we presume, no impartial person has hesitated for a moment between the unsupported tittle tattle of the accuser and the circum stantial denial of the accused. Passing from this individual case, we may take the liberty of suggesting that there has been far too much depreciatory talk among the clergy of the characters and conduct of the school teachers, and that they are likely to injure rather themselves than the teachers in the estimation of the public, if they indulge in any more of it It is not pleasant to read of clerical and episcopal discussions of the "immorality," the "scepticism," and the " clever rascality" of some of the teachers, and it iB not altogether reassuring to be told that these aspersions are merely stated as hypotheses which the speakers earnestly desire not to believe. Such talk is dis honouring to an important and respectable class. When that class are the instructors of the youth of the colony any unjust damage to their estimation is a public injury and a public wrong. Moreover, there is absolutely ho reason to doubt that the teachers are las honest, as sincere, and as moral as those who thus labour to asperse their characters. The attempt of a section of the clergy to damage the credit of the syBtem, and to do so by in juring the reputation of the teachers-the very men whom they deBire to entrust with the duty of imparting religiotis education when it becomes quite clear to the judg ment of the . public can only recoil disas | trously ont those responsible for it The Divisional Boards Bill, which has just come into operation in Queensland, applies in a modified fohri to the country districts of that colony the principles of local self government which have long beenrecognised as essential in tbis community. The system has not been adopted a moment too soon. The demands made npon the generic revenue for purely local works have been steadily in creasing for years past, and, if allowed to continue unchecked, would eoon have totally disorganised the financial affairs of the colony. Indeed serious results in that direction have already occurred, for it is Btated with considerable force that the large deficit of last year is chiefly attributable to this cause. A' valuable return, which was submitted to Parliament in connexion With the defunct Financial Districts Bill, shows that the revenue of the colony during 1878-9 was £1,461,824, while the expenditure ex ceeded the income by £216,807. Had; the revenue, however, been raised and expended under the system proposed by the bill, the general revenue would have been only i £791,775, while the demands made upon it would have left a surplus on the general account of £165,842. On the other hand, in the four iinapcial districts into yrhich it was proposed to divide the colony, viz.*-the South, with a population of 122,873; the Wide Bay and Burnett, with 27,073; Central, with 26,793 i and Northern, with 33,783pthe amounts' required for local expenditure amounted to £1,052,698, towards which the local revenues only contributed £670,049, which would have left a deficit even after absorbing the surplus on the general account of £216,807. This return conclusively showB the 9ld ftdmiaiijtrfttiife system,, which enabled local charges to be Bfiddled upon the general revenue, worked mischievously, and was calculated to sadly undermine the spirit of self- dependence which a young and thriving community should exhibit. The following table, which shows the proportion existing between the local expenditure and the local revenue in each district, is highly significant n. t [Local Ex- Revenue Districts. penditure. P°r head. £ £ 8. d. £ 8. d. Southern .. .. 628,105 5 2 2S 3 3 4 Wide Bay & Burnett 76,568 2 16 6 1 12 :$ Centra) .. ... 188,046 7 0 4 6 9 0 Northern .. .. 169,979 4 14 8& 1 18 0 A system which allowed such anomalies must inevitably result in confusion. The districts which could bring the greatest political in fluence to bear upon the central Government of course received the most attention in the shape of state expenditure, and many equally deserving claims were necessarily ignored. Under local self-government each district will be able to develope its resources in pro portion to the extent of the sacrifices it is prepared to make in the way of local taxation, and any assistance the central Government can afford will be equitably distributed among all. The M'llwraith Government certainly deserve credit for this measure of practical utility. There is evidently something in the recent changes of the international relations of Europe that is very unsatisfactory to Russia. One of the telegrams this week says that the Russian journals are again very warlike in their tone, and "speak of war with Germany, Austria, and England as inevitable in a few months." This is, of course, mere brag and bluster, but it serveB to indicate the position of isolation and Bulky suspicion which Russia occupies at the present time. It is significant to note also that great anxiety continues to be excited by the activity of the Nihilists in the nation that thus professes to contemplate facing the world in arms. The improved relation between Germany and the Papal Curia nnder Pope Leo XIII. iB shown by the visit which the Crown Prince is making to Italy to King Hambert and the Pope. From Afghanistan we learn' that severe fighting has taken place between the column under General Roberts and the enemy, who were repulsed with very heavy loss. The advancing force iB very near CabuL The matter has been thought of sufficient seriousness in London to cause the Ministry to meditate a speedy summoning of Parliament. From further East we get the news that owing to the state ; of affairs in Burmah, under the young savage who lately succeeded to the throne, the British Resident and hia staff have finally quitted Mandalay. The state of Ireland is disquiet ing, owing to agarian agitations, and a force of cavalry has been ordered to hold itself in readiness at Liverpool for despatch to Ire land if required^- , 