Mrs aittr -Sftctrfjts* ' YATTON OR A JACKAROO'S EXPERIENCE. Introduction. Yatton lay down in a hollow, with rich antl luxuri ant pastures. It was bordered on either side by high ridges, or mountains. Jt being a cattle ran, a passer by would almost be astonished to see the immense herds of cattle that dotted the distant hills. Upon a broad flat lay a mass of houses. The sight would make a traveller believe he had suddenly come upon a small town ; but such was not the case. Yat ton was a private property, belonging to "Muster" Glanwaring, as his simple stockmen called him. Mr. William Glanwaring was a young man, 25 years of age, of middle stature, straight as an arrow, with Sandy whiskers, passably good looking, and of an affa ble disposition. Winter had almost spent itself, at the time I write; Spring was showing in the valleys and hills, colouring the run with a beautiful tinge of green. Yatton's inhabitants could boast of grand stables, a forge, and sbeds of nearly every description, wherein man and beast could defy the raging elements on such a day as I am about to describe. Sain was falling in ■ torrents. There is an old saying, " It never rains but it pours," which was singularly appropriate to the rainy seasons of Yatton ; in fact, the stockmen were wont to say that Yatton was in its coat of arms on a wet day. j The Blacksmith was busy blowing his fire, prepara tory to the working of some iron that be had on hand. In a few words I will picture him to the reader, as he stands blowing the bellows, in an attitude betokening serene indifference to everything but his present occu- | pation, as if the great end and object of his ambition was the welding of a piece of iron. He is a tall, broad-shouldered man, of middle age, with a swarthy complexion. The forge is now occupied by ten or a dozen men, of different grades and classes, who have been attracted by the shelter and cheerily burning fire. One is Mr. Glanwariug (I have already intro duced him to you); another is the head stockman, renowned for his superior judgment in the saddle— whether in the bush or mounted on abuckjumper. . Bis name is Joe Beasly. Everyone was baring a "light up," or, properly speaking, a smoke; each . ejecting a dense clond of smoke at intervals, sufficient to stifle any ordinary person. If a man about town had been present, I'm afraid death would have been Instantaneous, produced by the rough andhonest bush men's pipe. "I've .heered as yon'expect a young chap down here very soon ? A Jackaroo, sir!" interrogatively spoke Joe Beasly of his roaster. " Yes," replied Mr. Glenwaring; "I expect young Cariyle down on Friday." " May be as you know him well, sir ?" said Bill Brown, the blacksmith, puffing furiously at his black meerschaum. "Ho; I have only seen him half a dozen times, at the most," replied his master. A clap of thunder brought everyone to a standstill in a conversational point of view. The rain seemed to increase its violence. The once beautiful river was quickly becoming muddy and swollen, as it . wended its way through the green cornfields and clumps of willow trees, which looked so beautiful in . their Spring coats. Chapteii II. Vai. Caelvle's Arrival. A real Spring day, in every sense of the word, was . Friday, a day that would almost tempt an invalid to rise from his bed. Such was the day on which Mr. Cariyle was expected to arrive. In the evening, an hour or so previous to darkness, an equestrian could be seen coming towards Yatton. Coming close to the house he dismounts, and knocks at the door. His . rap was answered by the housekeeper, Mrs. Powell, whom he promptly introduced himself to. Going outdoors, and unsaddling his horses, he turned them into a paddock. Let us take a look at him. He is tall and fair, not bad looking, about 20 years of age. He returned after freeing his horses, to have some refreshment, proffered to him by kind Mrs. Powell, who, by the by, was a nice looking little wo man, on the shady side of 40. Mr. Glanwaring re turned home shortly after Val's advent, and welcomed him cordially. Bed was Tesorted to not long after, and, trusting that " Nature's soft Nurse" will perform her duty, we will leave one and all in her charge for the present. Chapter III. Gunnebag. All hands were up with the lark on Monday morning, willing and ready to tackle the wildest brumbie that ever trod down a daisy. Having partaken of a hearty meal, each man bearing a saddle and bridle on his head, betook himself to the stockyard, in which a mob of hones were enclosed. Every man chooses a horse—some noble-looking animals amongst them too. The saddles are placed on the back of these brutes as if by magic. The pack horses, three in number, are caught; three days' ration, blankets, tin pots, and billy cans, are put in their respective places, on their backs. And, in a twinkling, all throw themselves into their home—the saddle. The horses, with a few excep tions, hound forward, snorting viciously, and with an almost imperceptible quickness, their heads are be tween their knees. Then commences a revolution; but, soon wearied by their exertion, they become quite tractable, and the word is given, " Drive on." The pack horseB and spare ones for riding are driven in front. The dUtance that has to he travelled is 25 miles, to an out station called Gunnebag. It is a , rough road leading to Gunnebag, crossing hills and dales. There are 13 men and two boys. One hoy is named Paddy; the other, Happy Joe—a soubriquet given to \- him by his friends, for the simple reason he always appeared to be happy. When eating, he had no idea when to cease, and, while sleeping, the explosion of a cannon two feet from his ear would have but caused him to give vent to a groan, or he might even • torn in hlB bed. I will describe his physical beauty as elaborately as I have done some of his many virtnes. He stood 39 inches in his boots, and his age was 17 years; rather a peculiar young .gentleman. He represented a striking resemblance to a town-bred cur. Gunnebag was reached before the sun was buried in the horizon. The preliminaries of camping out had been commenced. A huge log was set fire to. Val experienced a vast deal of difference in sitting ronnd a camp fire, and lying full stretch on some hotel sofa. " How do you like this 'ere kind of life, Mr. Car iyle Tasked a stockman of Val. " Oh, pretty well; I dare say I will get used to it before long." At the first peep o' day next morning the camp was astir, with the exception of Happy Joe, who was found lying under the pack-saddle, in a very cozy position. With the aid of half-a-dozen men, he was dressed and sent after the horses, walking the majority of the distance, in a state of semi-somnambulism. A mob of co&chers; were gathered, and Val, Paddy, and Happy Joe tendered them on a small flat, adja cent to a dense scrub. The stockmen, divesting them selves of all superfluous clothing, emerge into the oak scrub. The band is divided into two parties —six men In each, headed by Mr. Glenwaring and Joe Beasly respectively. Mr. Glanwaring and his followers are absent from the coachers about an hour. They know by intuition that the object of their search is not faT distant. ' Looking from side to side, as they ride in Indian file, the leader discerns something, which causes him quickly to lower his head. Signalling to his comrades to stop, he informs them of the herd of cattle within view. A brief consultation takes place as to which being the best course to pursue in the running of the cattle to the coachers. Bising Id the stirrups to take a momentary glance at their intended prey, the ani mals perceive their enemies, and, uttering a sniffling \- Bound, bound forward into a gallop, with the speed of a racehorse. Down a rocky range they'sweep in their headlong flight, but seeing one of their pursuers sud denly appear in front of them, they turn their heads ■ facing another direction. But another man equally mysteriously appears as the former on the opposite side. Hemmed in thus, they tear along at a tremen dous pace onwards towards the coachers. The hunters " coo-e" loudly, so as to give the herders time to place themselves. The wild cattle hurst upon the quiet i ones with such violence that for a time, at least, it would seem that all would escape : but by skilful ma nagement on the part of everyone, everything is brought to order. j The other party returned shortly afterwards, with ' a small mob of abont fifteen head, which were also steadied, but with far more difficulty than the pre vious ones were, on account of the much lesser num ber. One yearling, a strong little bull, broke away, but was quickly brought back by Happy Joe, who galloped after it, tearing through the trees, heedless of the cuts and bruises he receives ; for what is a lace rated body, caused by coming in contact with trees, in comparison with the punishment he shall receive from Ids master if the beast were to escape. For, in his mind's eye, he Bees the double of the whip hanging over his head; thinking of this dreadful enemy, be dashes with increased pace upon his opponent, and, seizing the calFs tail, with a skilful manoeuvre, he brings it to the ground. When the animal regains its feet, snbdned by the sadden fall, it joins its fellow captives. About fifty head more were entrapped during the day in a like way. The cattle were placed into a yard for the night: the stockmen returning to their oamping-ground in the dark. All began to smoke afterflnlshing supper, each one telling a yarn concerning the day's chasing. Soon all are asleep bnt one, and thie is Val, who cannot sleep. The novelty of bush life has not worn off yet for him. Hearing the melancholy dingoes bowl around him, he thinks of the hard life that is before him and his fellow creatures lying around him. Does the local Auctioneer of Mount Sea View know what tronble has been undergone to procure the beasts that he knocks down, with a placid smile, to the highest bid der V Val was unable to answer himself the question. Yet he thought that if the local Auctioneer, Banker, and all the other Mount Sea View functionaries had gone through three ■ or four days in succession on Yatton, without their bottle of ale for dinner, and I stray nips, they would all have been laid up In the Hospital for six months, suffering from rheumatism, | lumbago, or some other ailments peculirr to men about town. Chapter IV. Betttrn prom Gunnebag. Next morning a ride was taken to the yard, for the purpose of branding the calves and nuggets {Nug gets are wild, grown cattle). The calves are "Bull dogged (thrown by hand). The nuggets are roped ; and, in less than half an hour after the heating of the i brands, the work at the yards is accomplished. The whole number are again driven out as coachers. About thirty unbranded cattle were caught during the day, which were similarly dealt with as the former ones were, with the difference that the branding of them took place that evening. After supper the provision bag was found to be very low, and that, after breakfast in the morning, nothing would remain. However, as they left Yatton with the intention of staying away three days, they resolved to grin and bear it. In the morning, clouds threatening a change in the weather could he seen, and the stockmen prognosti cated a Storm. Eating their last meal, at least for sixteen or seventeen honrs, they set out to work the main creek, called Waters's Creek. The coachers were left in charge of three men, and the wild cattle were run in to them in a like way to ■ the preceding days, only in larger numbers. About two hours before sundown, the c&ttle; were yarded, and preparations made for branding. This was the largest mob that had been gathered during the three days. They numbered over a hundred, mostly big cattle, and no spectator of the scene would have thought that these poor men had eaten nothing since daybreak. They worked like Trojans, completing their work in twilight. Having put all the market able cattle in a paddock, and, turning the others adrift, they rode on to the camp. Ere reaching it, rain was descending in smart showers on their heads, which did not make their tampers any the more amiable.'" . It was unanimously agreed that they should return to Yatton that night. The hobbles were taken off the spare horses, the pack-horses burdened, and a start was effected. The pack-horses were led. Over hill and dale they traversed, through scrubs and swainps, following the tinkling of the bells on the spare horses, which, knowing the country so well, had no difficulty in finding their homeward way. Thus they travelled on this starless night. Occa sionally a deep voice from behind would break the monotony with, "Hold hard, the pack's off!" and, with muttered oaths, some would alight to adjust it. "When one came against a bushy sapling, he would re ceive a shower bath "gratis," which would occasion him to say more than his prayers. Can any religions person marvel at this kind of language when one con siders the hardships and privations, that these poor sufferers have taken part in. Some wiseacre may not credit what I have just described, but I can assure my readers I am merely stating facts. Yatton was reached after midnight, and having re vived the inner man, we trust they slept without rock ing. Chapter V. IiOvts Amongst The Hoses. Friday and Saturday was spent in the shoeing of horses, and other immaterial work, such-as the mend- ; ing and making of ropes, etc. Sunday came at last. Sunday, of all days in the week, was looked forward to with pleasure by the in habitants of Yatton, not, I'm afraid, for any religious feelings, but because it was a day of rest and true re joicing. Everyone considered himself in duty bound to don his best Sunday go-to meeting clothes on this love-making day. Mrs. Hopstep was the beloved partner of Henry Hopstep, fencer by trade, and living in the midst of the houses of Yatton. It is not to be wondered that her dwelling place attracted a large attendance, com prising young and old of both sexes. Many came to near the news, for Mrs. Hopstep only told two kinds of people secrets, viz.: "Those that asked for them, and those that dhjgTt." , \- A large number hul collected there sbortIyrafter lunch, and Val, wishing to be in the fashion, also takes a stroll in that direction. Arriving at the door, he unceremoniously walks in, and, rather emboldened by the hearty welcome given him by Mrs. Hopstep, he directs his gaze to the occupants of the room. In one corner of the room he perceives Mr. Glanwaring, with a Miss Huckaback on his knee. Miss Emma Huckaback, the daughter of a gold digger, was very pretty, of a taciturn disposition, and exceedingly shy. Mr. Glanwaring's face wore a celestial expression. Val thought that his partner looked very happy as she simpered and smirked at every' remark made by Mr. Glanwaring. Mr. Glanwaring drew Miss Emma's pretty face towards his, and imprinted more than one kiss on her cherry lips, which provoked another smirk. Ho doubt she believed in the old saying, " Beast said is soonest mended!" Another couple takes Val's notice, namely, Mr. Willie Huckaback and Miss Alice HorvaL A rather effeminate character was Master Bill; he spoke very little to his partner—not that he did not wish to ; his lips were endeavouring to frame words to speak to his dear one of the inseparable love he feels for her. He cannot utter a syllable; his heart is in liis mouth, and he feels all over alike. Val, remembering the old saying, " Faint heart never won fair laffy !" came to the conclusion that Bill Huckaback was more adapted for a " Wild Bullock Hunt" than a drawing room pur suit. Happy Joe was not alone, for on the knee of a girt twice bis size he was perched. The conversation that passed between these two was vety interesting ; the futurity was talked about. Mr. Glanwaring had, some time back, promised this youthful pair, in the event of their happy union, a fiock of goats, and a place to shepherd them in, somewhere in the locality of the Falls. This subject was warmly discussed by Joe and his companion. A promenade in the paddocks was proposed, which was accordingly consented to on the part of the ladies. Some, thinking that two were company, preferred walking in couples; others in groups of three or four. Mr. Glanwaring and Bill Huckaback, with their re spective lovers, took a ramble afar from the others. After tea, a young Apollo, Paddy Huckaback by name, played some lively tunes on bis violin, which were accompanied by dancing and singing. Some very good dancing was exhibited, and Miss Horval's rich soprano charmed her audience as .she sang, " Put me in my Little Bed," or "AU Smiles." At length, worn out by their day's enjoyment, they depart to their homes, wishing each other "Happy Dreams." Chapter "VX Brxjmbie Hunt. Ho time was lost with lying in bed on Monday morning, for chasing wild horses was considered by the younger men a treat. Hor was anyone indolent on this morning. Each one was setting to rights his riding gear, and not much time elapsed before a start was made. On their way they passed the Bight Park, and Park Hoyal (these Parks were thick oak scrubs, contiguous in many parts), Mid other notorious places, viz.. Gari baldi's Pinnacle and Sutton's Hightcap. There is a tradition attached to the latter place, which is as follows: There once lived an old man named Sutton, an imbecile, in the vicinity of Yatton, and one day, mysteriously disappearing from his abode, he was tracked to this great rock. The men in pnrsnit, upon looking upwards, espied the truant overhead. His body was clothed^ in a long gown, and on his head was a night cap. This place then derived its name from these supposed facts. The Falls ppddock was a peninsula in the Falls country. It was called a paddock on account of its inaccessibility: no horse conld ascend its sides. The only ingress was the neck, and on it was erected a trap yard, which was always left open so as to allow horses to go in and ont. This was the country that Mr. Glanwaring intended to chase the Brumbies. Having passed through the trap, they ride on to their camping ground, not far from the yard. The first part of the night was spent in singing, and terri fying Happy Joe, as lie went to and fro for water, which he invariably spilt when returning—ghosts be ing pretty numerous. In the morning, Val went to the yard for the pur pose of closing it when the Brumbies were run. Val, rifle in hand, concealed behind a tree, hears the galloping of many feet, and, looking up the spur, he sees some fifty animals headed by a veteran stallion, tearing at full speed down the steep incline. They cannot stop when they see the yard, the descent being so abrupt. Val thought it the grandest sight he ever witnessed. Some other mobs were brought during the day, in the same way. One fine looking stallion broke through the wing of the yard, but Val, equal to an emergency, brought his pop-gun to the present, and fired, bringing the fugitive to an untimely end. Three days were spent in clearing the paddock. The total number that had been collected was about 200 head, and, after shooting the rubbish, bushes were attached to the tails of half-a-dozen warriors, which, on being turned out of the yard, hurled themselves . over a precipice, and were smashed into atoms, thus 1 affording amusement to their victors. The saleable ones were driven to the station, and subsequently broken in. It is not my intention to follow Val and his com rades farther. It is sufficient to say that what I have described will give, I hope, an inkling to my readers of the routine of the work that Is performed on Yat ton year by year. And Val thinks that if parents have boys whom they wish to learn Colonial experi ence, he most seriously would advise them to send them to Yatton. [The above is written by a young gentleman on a Station, and we publish it with a view of encouraging others, who, similarly situated, may wish to afford amusement or instruction to their comrades. Our young author must improve considerably before he appears in print again. -Eds. ' A.E.'J Trotting Horses for Australia.—All persons interested in the breeds of road sters and coaching horses in Australia will be glad to hear that Mr. E. C. Close has lately purchased at a stiff price a valuable entire horse, Confidence, and has shipped him to Sydney in the 1 Windsor Castle,' under the care of Captain Fernie, who is well known for the care he bestows on live stock in transit. Confidence is a black brown, three years old, and with no admixture of the blood-horse in his veins, with great power, and grand all round action. He is by Mr. Tile's Prick willow, the celebrated roadster stallion, out of a pure Yorkshire bred trotting mare by Mr. Jacob's Highflyer out of an equally noted trotting mare by the late Mr. J. Smith's .Norfolk Hero. The dam of Confidence was sold for 1000 ! guineas, and the granddara, who on one occasion trotted two miles in six minutes, and on another fifteen miles in 45 minutes, took many showyards : prizes, amongst others the silver medal at Norwich. She was also highly com- ! mended in the roadster class at the Royal Show at Cambridge. Norfolk Hero was by Mr. Wigg's Shales, dam by Old Con gress, great granddam by Mr. Dodd's Shales, who trotted five miles in 16£ minutes at Ipswich. The pedigree of Confidence, it will thus be seen, com- | priseB the best trotting blood of the present season. Prickwillow's stock are noted all over the country for their ac tion, power, and manners, and have fetched very large prices both at borne and for exportation. Breeders in Aus tralia have reason to thank Mr. Close for his spirit and enterprise in export ing a horse like Confidence, who is likely to make a valuable cross with the small but wiry Australian mares, and we may expect to have some of his progeny re shipped to this country and also to India at no very distant period, and we recom mend others to follow his example.— * European Mai).' 