..ii.i TUESDAY, MAT £0. . " " OFFICIAI, INFORMATION. BIr. LACKEY, in answer to';Mr. Bruns, said pions wero being prepared for a court-houso nt Branxton, and the work would bo iidvertiserl very soon; ',. " Mr. WINDEYER, iu answer to Mr. , Copeland, said six informations'wero laid against'Mr.Franck hi connection with the totalisntoiv ' , Mr".'F. SUTTOR, in nuswer. to Mr. M'EUïone, said tho papers in the case of Mr. Greville, chief clerk in insolvency, would bo laid ou the table in the course of a few days'. . Mr. BENNETT asked a series of questions ia rof orenco to the stearn dredge " Samson," and in reference to Mr. Laing, tho master, -being absent and receiving full pny and extra allowance while the dredge waa laid np for repairs. Mr. LACKEY promised to lay full information on tho table ia tho coarse of a few days. DENILIQUIN JURY LISTS. . Mr. HUELEY (Hartley) brought irp a report from the select committee on jury lists, Deniliquin. THE L ABO UK QUESTION AND OTHEK MATTERS. Mr. CAMERON brought under tho notice of. the.House and the Government the state of the working classes in this colony; at the present time. He wished to direct public attention to the manner in which tho immigration vote lind been expended. Statements hud been made tlrat called for inquiry, und which, if true, reheated discredit on this colony, and the authorities under whoso supervision this vote was expended. It would appear from these state ments that au immoral traille iu human beings was going on. Ho referred particularly to a letter ia last Friday's EvEKrxa NKWS, signed "John AVilliums, Surry Hüls," which letter lie read and commented upon. The writer had been induced to come out under f Aso représentations as to tho condition of the iron-working trade. He had no hesi tation iu asserting that the representations by which this immigrant, had been induced to come out here were absolutely false. "While he nd witted tho necessity of putting population on tho soil, ho protested against a class of persons being brought out who were flt only for city lifo. He also impressed upon tho Government the ad visability of giving instructions as to the trades that were overstocked in this country. Ho believed that tho tale told by John "Williams was tho same that could be told by hun dreds of immigrants. Many mechanics were walking about Sydney unable to and employment. A scandalous wrong wus being done by tire authorities in bringing certain classes of people here. Tho number of unemployed mon of all cal lings in luid around Sydney was greater now than for the lost 10 years. But for tho Exhibition building, heaven knows what would become of our tradesmen and labouring classes, and he did not know what would become of our surplus mcolumicul population- when that building was mushed. Several inunigrouta who had gone up the country, had had to return, aud were in such a state of destitution that some ladios who were ou the platform at the railway station had emptied their purses to relieve their distress. The peoplo tliat should bo brought out here wore those who would settle on tho soil and till it, mid before wo invited them hero we should alter our abomiuublo laud laws. It was, lie con tended, a wrong to the people of this country, ns well ns tho immigrants themselves, to bring peoplo out here. Ho hoped tho Government would put a stop to the evil. Ho moved the adjournment of the House. Mr. M'ELHONE said if the Btnteuiours iu the letter in the EvKNiN« Niiws were Imo they ought to be inquired into. Tho writer was not afraid to i>ut his name to it, and he had also given Hie naino of tho agent who had induced him and others to come out by false representations. Ho commented upon the system that was adopted to induce ' people to como out here. Ono person, a printer of china and crockery ware, was told thu t there was plenty of work for the men ot his trade out hore. The result was that tho unfortunate mun, when ho came out; walked about Sydney streets for weeks unable to find employment, and lils wife fell ill for want of food, and died ia the Sydney Infirmary. Ho next proceeded to criticiso tho constitution of the board to inquire into tho Government Store Depart ment. Two of them wore incompetent, and Mr. Engar ought not to be allowed on the board under any considera tion, because ho was nt the head of the department, and could not bo expected to report against himself. Tho country had been robbed of over .£20,000 a year through this depnrtnieut aud the contracts for stores. Ho would go more fully iuto this matter next day, when he would have the documents in his possession. Ho believed that Mr. Engar would screen the offlcors of this department, and lio com plained that the Treasurer had not appointed independent business men. He would liko to know, also, if the report would be kept back until Parliament was prorogued, as was usually done when there was any dirty work to be brought to light. He had no hesitation in saying that it waa from Mr.. Nosh that he received the information about this matter, nud it was through. Mr. Nash tint tliis inquiry was instituted. He challenged tho Treasurer to deny that Mr.: Collen hud contracted to supply kerosonc oil nt 2a a gallon, and was allowed to charge Ss a gallon without a fresh con tract. He asked (sarcastically) when the Government in tended to prorogue Parliament. Tho eight Government days had gone hy, and he woidd like to know if tho Colonial Secretary would be able to prorogue ia 18 days. Tho Colo nial Secretory hud occupied tho timo of tho House on Friday night, aud lie (Mr. M'Elhone) woidd follow suit and occupy a little of tho Government timo to-night, after 7 o'clock. He would move the adjoununient of the Hoiise then, and show that tho Colonial Secretary should bc the lost person to throw stones afc hiui. He would provo that Sir Henry Parkes, in a speech at West Maitland, hud said that be (Mr. M'Elhone) w.is the most useful mem ber of tho-House. -But that was when ho sat behind Sir Henry Parkes, when he v/ns trying to tiuu out Sir John Robertson. He would let the hon. gentlciunu seo that for tho attack ho ninda on him (Mr. M'Elhone) on Friday night lie would perhnps give him" a little more trouble ia getting through tho session tlxnu he expected. Ho had certainly not interfered much with the Government, but when the lion, gentleman so far forgot himself as he did on tho hist private night, ne coidd not seo any minn in the doctrine of an oyo for au eye and a tooth for a tooth. Ho behoved the Colonial Secretary, ns tho EVENINCI NEWS had said, showed a thirst for blood, and hud "gone ott' his cliunm " altogether. More than one Government had como to grief through tho overbearing conduct ot Sir Henry Parkes. Ho would show that ho (Mr. M'Elhone) never went about the buck slums with Scriuies and Dxunejjjld trying to rake up evidence to damn the character of Viv. Garrett in order to defeat tho Government of which he was a member. However, his (Mr. M'Elhouo's) time would como nt half-past 7. Tho ball would bogia theu. Mr. CAMERON protested against tho contemptuous silence of the Government concerning his complaints. (Sir HEN-IIT PAISKKS made an interjection, whioh was not heard in tho gallery.) Mr. Cameron said the hon, gentleman should have said so publicly. Tho motion for adjournment was then negatived. UNNECESSARY INQUESTS IN THE MAITLAND DISTRICT. Mr. ECKFORD moved-That there be laid upon the table of tilia House copies of all correspondence between tho Government and Dr. Morson with .reference to holding inmiests unnecessarily in tho Maitland district. Agreed to. 1 POSTAL INFORMATION. Mr. BURNS moved-That there bo laid upon tho table of this House copies of nil correspondence respecting tho pro posed or actual chango in tho amount payable to tho Euglisli postal authorities out of tho postages on outward Australian and Now Zealand mails. Agreed to. FORMS OF CROWN GRANTS. Mr. COPELAND moved-That there- bo laid upon the iablo of Ulis House a copy of each of tho various forms of Crown grant issued sinco tho passing o! tho Crown Lauds Alienation Act of 1801. Agreed to. THE P. M. OF BINGERA. Mr. M'ELHONE moved-That, in the opinion of this House, Mr. P. Brougham, tho police magistrate, Bingera, is nu luifltpersou to occupy tho position ol' police magis trate and should bu dismissed from tho public serpeo. He said hohud been supplied with a Fijian paper, winch showed that Mr. Brougham had boen committed tor trial for «real, lug trust moneys at Fiji, «nil absconded from bail ; yor. ho had been appointed to a lucrative appointment us police juntristruto iii this colony. Ho urgod timi; tho appointment reflected lasting disgrace- on tho G o verum out, especially "when lt wu« known that Mr.. Docker, who had appointed Mr. Brougham, was his brother-in-law. It was a well known fact that tho whole of tho rascality of this colony aro located in Fiji, plundering tho poor natives wholesale. Ho rend a lotter from a person who knew Mr. Brougham us curator of intestate estates at Fiji. - Tho writer, onp J. Watt, wa:, willing to corroborate what Mr. Jones had told him Mr. M'Elhone). Whoa Mr. Leary was Minister for Justico, ho did Iiis beßt to stop publication of tho uiiperf, which noa been dono by a resolution of thc Housa, Mr. Jouca luid jiower to draw any aiuouiib of ihcmoy from Mr. BiRyard ou,.those ' Fiji, plantations;'.' He quoted from the Parliamentary, paper, to show.;that «Mr., 'Bronjjhttiri was wrongly appointed. He como to this colony with a criminal prosecution hanging over his head, aud cot 'pitchforked into a good billet wiUi u salary .of £400 or £500 a yeal-. Tim appointment, he contended, was ¡KU insult to tho peoplo and tho legislature. (Hear, ; hear.) ,Ho main tained that tho Civil Service had beeu grossly insulted by appoiut iug such a juan to tho high office of police magis trate when he had a criminal chargo hanging ovar his head. Ho maintained that Mr. Brougliam could not. bo inuocuut, whon he says ho had poid tho money, and subsenuently goes' and trys to pay tho money .back again. ;.Miy Stuart -would 'never have consented to such au. appointment if ho hud known of suoh a charge, but it was only on apar with other appointments made by the Governiuent at tho time. Ho i-ead tho ovidouce adduced at tho inquiry, and urged that -tho Government had no"right (allowing they were ignorant of the cliarge when they made thc appointment) to allow Mr. P. Brougham to remain in the Government service after knowing the facts of tho case. (Hear, hear.). He be lieved that Mr. Brougham claimed descent from Lord Brougham, and actually went to soo Sir Arthur Gonion, and to square tho matter .with. hita. It appeared that Mr. Brougham, to clear liimself, accused nearly all tho officers .of tho Government of being rogues and thieves. Ho then cleared ont, and came to Sydney, where.Ids brotlier-in.law, Mr. Docker, made him a police magistrate. Thon thoro was a charge of embezzlement which resulted ina Scotoli ver dict of not proven. To his mind Mr. Brougham was guilty of robbing intestate estates. He hoped u honest vote, and not a party voto, woidd be given. Mr. F. -SUTTOR joined with Mr. M'Elhone in the hope that mi impartial vote would he given. He gave particulars of the certain charges against Mr Brougham, ana. admitted that au explanation Mr. Brougluun hud made, with regard to a. sum of £100, was not witisfactory. It was not true that Mi-. Brougham had bolted from his bail. A civil action was brought tiguiust him, but the jury could not ngreo. He was committed, but had never been put upon his trial. This was a.matter that rested upon who they wero to believe, whether they were to believe Mr. Brougham or not. Tho matter had been under tho consideration of different Ministers. Ho rciul a highly eulogistic letter from the bench of magistrates at Bingera, requesting that Mr. Brougham should not bo dismissed, and expressing their entire belief in his innocence. Ho also read a letter from one of the oiiicers of tho Wolverene, from Levuka, stating that tho unanimous opinion was that Mr. Brougliuin wus au ill-upcd man; also that a person named Gundry, to whom he alleged that ho had paid a sum of money, but who denied it, was since convicted of embezzlement. He also mentioned that Mr. Brougham wus no relative whatever of Mr. Docker, who knew nothing of the charges inndo against Mr. Brougluun, and hud never oven seen him. lt was not true that Mr. Brougluun had offered to refund certain moneys that he was charged with embezzling. He thought the House might wait for fuller information. Mr. HURLEY (Hartley) mtpportcd the motion, and com plained that the Minister for Justice J iud made no rofei'enco to the report of thc judge on Mr. Pirougham's conduct. At 7 o'clock the consideration of tho motion was discon tinued, and thc. Houso roso for refreshments, the motion being placed on the paper for the next day. THE LAND BILL. The House, nfter re-assembliug, wont into committee to further consider the Laud BiU, but the PREMIER imme diately moved that thc Chuirmon leave tho chnir, report progress, and ask leave to sit again next day. Ho explained that ho did so in conséquence of tho sovuro illness of his colleague, tho Minister for Lands. This was agreed to, and progress was reported accord ingly. , On Mr. SPEAKER putting tho question " Thnt leave be given to sit again to- morrow," Mr; M'ELHONE desired to movo au amendment, to tho effect that the career of Sir Henry Parkes since he had occupied a seat in Parliament i-endored him unfit for tho position of n Minister of the Crown. Sir HENRY PARKES : Let the question he amended in that wav if it can. . * . . Mr. HURLEY (Hartley) : M'Elhono's benefit night. ; Mr. SPEAKER ruled that the amendment could not be put. It wus in no way relevant to the question, or con sistent with it. Sir HENRY PARKES: If tho lion, member will pivo notice of that motion, I will give it precedence of all other business. Leave to sit again was then given. Mr. MfELHONE then proposed to give notice of his- in tention to move a resolution of the character ho lind indi cated. ... . Mr. SPEAKER ruled that notice of motion coidd not be given after the orders of tho day hud been called. THE CONDEMNED CRIMINALS. Mr. HUNGERFORD asked the Colonial Secretary if it was truo that the Government lind decided to allow tho sentence of death passed upon two young men and a black luau to be carried , out. Sir HENRY PARKES said it was true. Ho explained the circumstances of tho cuso of the two young men, wliich he said was so aggravated in nil its bearings, and without any redeeming feature, that if the law did nottako itu course in this case it nover could properly be put in foreo for the crime of rape again. CITY CORPORATION. BILL -MR. M'ELHONE ATTACKS SIR HENRY PARKES-STRANGERS EXCLUDED. In committee of tho whole, Sir HENRY PARKES tnovod that thc committee iigroo with the amendments made by tho Council in the xa-cnmblo of tho Sydney Corporation Bill. Mr. M'ELHONE (at 8 o'clock) moved, as an amendment, that tho Chairman leavo tho chair. He said lie did HO ia order to refer to tho charges mude by Sir Henry Parkes against him for what ho hud said about Mr. Garrett. Ho said ho had no wish to refer any further to Mr. Garret t tliau he was compelled to do j but, in justice to himself,.ho felt, bound to make the explumitton he was about to do. He read communications from his solicitors in justification of his pica of privilege iu tho action brought ngainst him by Mr. Garrett. He alluded to Mr. Gar rott's opposition to Sir Henry Parkes as notorious at that time, and that high and mighty mnu deter mined to put his footonhim-ho " putts " every whore-and, in proof of it, he quoted from a speech made by Sir Henry at West Maitland. Hu also quoted from a speech by Mr. Darvall against Sir Henry Parkes, at East Malt hind, und referred to tho O'Farrell tragedy, and the Kiama ghost sciu'e, and taunted Sir lleury Parkes with having sneuked back to Parliament utter say ing tho door of his political lifo was closed for over, and lind unseated his friend Mr. Richard Hill, who lind always supported him. He mid Sir Heury Farkos hud crawled buck into thc House like a venomous reptile of tíio worst kind. ^Healso quoted from the report of a trial in which Sir Henry Parkes liad been fined iClOO for slandering Darcy Wentworth Murray, by saying in Parliament, and afterwards printing, that Murray had couuivedat his wife's dishonour. Ho spoke iu very strong terms of Sir Henry Parkes's conduct in tliis matter, inasmuch au Murray was not in Hint House to defend himself, while Mr. Garrett was when ho (Mr. M'Elhone) attacked him. Sir Honry Parkes, hu said, had disgraced tho order of knighthood, und had uniformly turned round and stung his friends wheu ho got-tho opportunity. Ho also referred in very caustic terms to Sir Henry Parkes having got £5000 voted for immigration purposes, and got himself appointed lecturer, aud all the beuoilt tho country derived from that service wus a man.with a wooden leg. (Slr Heury Parités left tho chamber nf ter Mr. M'EIhono commenced his attack.} [After Mr. M'EIhono lind boon speaking for half nn hour, Mr. M'CULIOOII rose und called tho attention of tho cluiirmmi to tho prononce of strangers. At this thore wera cries of " Oh I" and " shume," from members on thu Op Jiouitiou benches. Mr. GnAY expressed tho hope that \tt. M'Ctilloch would uot persist in his objection. Mr. M'Cuixocu declined to withdraw his objection to strnugcrs, and the galleries wero thereupon cleared, Mr. M'EiiiiONF. inlimatiug that, ho would return to tho sub ject nguiu next duy, in order Unit his remurks might bo mudo public. Tho galleries remained cleared for about len minutes. On tho readmission of tho representatives of tho Press and tho public, tho commit tee wero quiutly considering tho amendments of the Council in the Corporation Bill, tho motion for tho chairman to leavo tho chair having boon negatived. Some of tho amendments wore agreed to, some dissented from, and ono further amended, and thc bill was so reported to tho House."! SUPPLY.-THE ESTIMATES. Tho Houso wont into committee of supply, and tho con sideration of the estimates was resumed. ¿2-l'J,7dO was proposed for publie work and buildings. Mr. M'ELHO NE took exception to wotes for water supply, nro-cngiuo, shod, ito., for lunatic asylum at Parramatta, and to furnituvo and titting for public ollicos generally.- He com Xilaincd that Hudson Brothers were favoured by tho Govern I mont, aud said they had Government work thrust upon thom. ? Hoassortod thut the publio waa robbed by some of I tho jobs givou by tho Govornuncnt to Hudson BroUiors. . without competition, i I r lu' ,-làa ? opinionthere wa» ?> just . 'tist. much.. .robbery, i carried . - on ia ? . tliei . Work! ; Dopartmonfc.widuiówn to tho Minister, us in, ntty department t undov tho Govoxunieut. Ho also took exceptionto vote! .'.» for coiu-t-housos afc Grafton, "Wücmuiin; Penrith,andTnroe, r dwarf .wuU. &c; for Sydney University, repairs und Uttings for MuBQiun, .public buildings nt Goulburn, residence for : sub-collector of customs nt Wentworth, district wxrvcy and lauds, offices ¡it- Tamworth, Inverell, Wagga Wagpi, ? Dubbo, o-ud. Armidale, and oilioo accomiiiocliition iu countiy districts for Roads Department. Hcdo3ired information ns i to the necessity of th cao votos, «nd Advocated wouumy, Mr. GLEENWOOD censured tho Government for tho. \ absence of.infovmatiou concerning tlieso important votes. . Mr. JACO JJ. and Mr, J'.. DAVIES complained of KOIUO ol tho votes. " Mr. LACKEY; said.tho Government, would consent to tho ~ omission of tho sums of .C1O.O0O and £ll,000--ofl¡co «ccom- ' t inodutiou iu country districts and district, survey and land oiKccs, and £5000 for water supply to Parramatta Lunatic ') Asylum. . With. . regard to the wont of information, ho ? pointed out that tho votes were submitted iu thc same way : aa they hod always been. , Thc titree itonis in question were omitted. i :' Mr. M'ELHONE. stronjrly objected to tho extravagant ' expenditure for furuituro for Government offices, a state* -". mont of iMixtioulars of which was supplied to him by tho ¡ Minister for Works. Ho moved tliut the vote (£10,000) ha' reduced by £5000, and i>ointed ont tlmt £2500 was left over ? 7 from hist year. . ? .... Mr. J. DAVIES opposed tho reduction, and pointed ont .'. .that 24-new post and telegraph ollices would have to bo. M furnished*. ... Mr. AVEBB' complained of extrnvagauco, mid rooom- . mended ceonoaiy. Tho furniture for tho new post and tolo- ; . ri Ï graph ollices would not. bo required this year. -.'ii;^ The motion to reduce the item, was negatived, on division, . > I by 25 to ll. . l; i i l.'l The item of £1500, for flrc-cngiue and shed, ftc., for Parf .'t-.\r ramattu Lunatic Asylum, was reduced by £500, luid au item '». t if of £1700 for residence for Bub-oollcctor of customs at Wïl» ;,<ilt c&uniu; was omitted. ?.. .. » - l . i , - . : . iw-.f Au item of £3000, for the erectiou of lacoiirt house at-ut<> Penrith, was struck out, on division, by 21 to 15. :.i . > ? i-> . » A i>ropositl to reduce tho voto for court house at Carcoar,; .." from £-lOOO to £2000, was nogatived by JW to 2, the' minority' < \> f conbistiug of Mr. M'Elhono and Mr, M*Cnlloch. i, ... | ? An item of .£2300, for court house at Taree, was omitted,! >.> .<; after division, by 15 votes to 14, and after u warm defence Ol: !.?>.'. tho volo by Mr. E. B. Strim. .. !, ?? .>, The estimate, roduoed from .£242,726 to £207;12G,was tkeni rii passed. . . ...>'. ... ; Mt-? £21,800 was voted under tho head of Electric Telegraphs.,-.iver Progross wns reported, and leavo wns given to sib nenin, i ! Í Mr. M'EEiHONE S ATTACK ON Sill HENIiY-PA&KEa.-rtiu;« . Sir HENKY PARKES, ns a mattor. of .personal oxplonaJi '.J. I; tion, said that ho had, in consequence of tho words attri- fif vi I buted to Sir Alfred Stephen,. iby the member, fox tho Jm't ! Upper Hunter on Friday inst, written to Sir AtfredStephen, :i tot after some besitutiou, to know if he (Sir Alfred) und,'na'il' alleged by Mr. M'EUione; over stilted that he (Sir i ;,'t Henry Parkes) ought to bo on Cockatoo Island i .. . instead of walking , tho . streets -of. Sydney.- He had ii-; L received tbofollowiug statement ironi Sir Alfred, iu'replyy-^ i .-. :t "Half-past 3, Tuesday. I um certain that I never used any 't-.VC such .words-or any words equivalent to them. Whatldia' ly.--' say was reported at tho time in the HHHALD,- which eau be,'I riv-s' ¿>resiuue, easily referred to. It is impossible for me, nf t«r(-Alu*. BO long au" interval, to be able to state whether thonows- ¡i: «i paper report waa absolutely correct j and, indeed, very pro« IL. II Viably I did not even at tile timo read it to see if it was se.l ni» But lam siu-o that no words expressing or implying.thfl uvij opinion attributed to me, or cnytliing like -it, either in mib".-; T-'. stiuico or effect, wero uttered on the occasion.-ALIIIED ir> STEl'lIEN." i>. .?. . . in!: Mr. M'EIiHONE said if itihad not been for Mr. M'Cu1- 'I ' ? loch getüng-stxungers excluded he would have, rend tb' r..-..i! : ¡ port referred to, However, he would read it, on if mi -i occasion. . Thc House adjourned at one minute to 2. :.;:..>. 