D'AUCYHEAD'S GHOST.—M H. MEDUALFK IX E X I'TAXATION. I To th'i Editor of the lit'ib/i'/o Arh'+rtiser,) Sir,—Only oue side of the ease h.i3 so far appeared in public. Now, X will ask how far was I justified in continuing to pay all outside expenses out of a single third, having strictly handed over to Mr. K'-ad the remaining two* thirds for exhibiting the show. I would like to know wherein were the heavy expenses for which lie received from me £-17 clear money iu Saudiiurss alone, the understanding being ast distinctly .stipulated i;i the contract that the expenses of a sea voyage r,o Nov.* Zealand were to be considered. I would ask him what he has done with that £-17 ? Stull' and nonsense about iu-avy railway charges arid heavy salaries (?) Lot hi... deny it if he can that he received from me L'olil clear money for exhibiting hid show in lieelong, Castlemaine, and Sandhurst. I have been aiinply " had," as will be LCen from tho following, and after the representations made, I can only liken it to obtaining money under lalso pretcno^i. I could have held him birictly to breach of contract in the lir.it instance had I liked. What then would have been the result compared to the paltry £40 or so he was called upon to pay ? Here are bis shortcomings, or rather only some of them:—Broke contract—By not opening iu Guelong till a week after time. Injured Im-in-ss—15 v quarrelling with two members of hu company in .S widimrsc, who thereupon left and took part in performances at another hall in opposition. Broke contract-— By not leaving for New Zealand at ex piration of two weeks in Sandhurst, but re mained five Weeks instead, tiieieby 1 oji11alto gether Eister in L) i:ie 1m, as arranged for. injured husin"ss —- Allowing Miss l>assetfc M'Donald (leading lady) to leave for Melbourne, and getttug uosub.Uil'Uc. N i consideration—Fur prolonged stay at Sandhurst with a declining business. No consideration— For the week's delay :ji opening at Gee- long. No consideration—For at tending at B.dlurat for three days during trouble in connection with Dyco's repudiation. No consideration — For expenses incurred in ar ranging for opening in New Zealand at Faster. No consideration—For writing sacred lecturo for Good Friday and Sundays; a good stock sub ject delivered on Good Friday to a crowded, house.—Yours truiy. W. MKDCALFM 