DESTRUCTION OF THE POLY- TEOHMIO BY FIRE. One of the most useful educational institutions in London has been partly destroyed by fire. The Polytechnic was by no means a pretentious building viewed from Regentstreet, but it was a very large one and wa» admirably adapted to its purpose. It contained spacious galleries for exhibition purposes, wherein were displayed machines of all kinds in full work; large lecture theatres, where learned professors descanted to interested audiences on scientific subjects, where the nseso£ the microscopic, of the magic lantern, and ot other scientific appliances were illustrated. The Polytechnic, although an establishment o£ comparatively modern date, has of latter years enjoyed a world-wide reputation. In its lecture halls Professor Pepper exhibited his marvellous "ghost," and Mr. S okes astonished countless numbers of people with the extraordinary faculty of memory' displayed by his pupils. There also the mysteries of the divingbell were explained to the people. For the small sum of one penny the curious in such; matters could descend beneath the waters in the iron jaws of this machine, knd ascertain for themselves the feasibility of searching by such means the ocean depths. The bell has always been the principal attraction in the Polytechnic. It was made of cast~ iron, and weighed three tons, and was 5 feet, in height, the diameter being 4 feet 8 inches. Tbe cost, it is said, amounted to £400, and it is stated that the income derived from persons^ using it amounted in one year to as much as. £1,000. Those who have visited the institution will remember that in the - large tanksinto which the bell descended a diver used' to go through a variety «f interesting performances, clad in the orthodox diver's suit and" helmet. The common practice was to throwcoins into the water, which the diver would, seek for, and occasionally rising to the surface would rap the money on his helmet in token of his sucoess. Very few branches of practical science were neglected at the Polytechnic. At any time of tbe day the visitor for the small fee of one shilling could witness machinesof all kinds in motion, and besides theseattractions the Polytechnic boasted a valuable - collectipn of objects interesting from a scientific and artistic point .of view, in the inspection ef which the intervals between the lectures and' plays might be passed. In order to make the institution successful from a financial point oE view, the Company to which it belonged spared' no pains or mepey in procuring the latest: novelties, scientific or otherwise. In yeirs' gone by automaton figures, worked by same, invisible agency, astonished a public unfamiliar to Bnch sights, while the amusing and' clever representations of plays in the theatres,. in which the magic lantern always plaved the principal part, were the delight of every London schoolboy. In these performances, appealing, as they did to the intellectual as well as to the :esthetic faculties of young people, instruction. was unquestionably blended with amusement, and there is_ little doubt that the Polytechnic as an educational institution was, as we have said, highly valuable. It was built in 1838, but for years after its establishment it* was not financially successful, and failed t? become popular. In 1848, notwithstanding, it was considerably enlarged and improved; buc matters did not mend, and in 1659 an accident' happened which compelled the proprietors to close it. A staircase unfortunately fell while a large crowd of persons were going down it, oneof whom was killed, and many others wereinjured. In 1860, however, it was reopened by a new Company. Classes^ were formed in connection with the institution, which were established by the Earl of Shaftesbury, an improved system of management was introduced, and since then the institution has prospered. There were some yearsago no less_ than 2,000 valuable articles in the- Polytechnic collection, and since then, nodoubt, this has largely increased. Our telegrams do not indicate to what extent thisvaluable institution has suffered by fire, but it is to be feared that a serious loss has been occasioned. 