Novelist. A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. (CHAPTER XXX — Continued.) BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," "Self-Made," &c.;, &c.; "That is a very great disappointment to me, my lord ! A year is a long time to wait !" replied the young man, with a crestfallen look, "You may juss po?eiuiyuu* "?>?,*? ???? to long, my dear boy 1 I said at the begiu tine lu?t tbla marriage oould not be EoUm slted for soma timo yet, except in osse of a certain tvent. That event may coino to liaiten jour marriage, and justifying the batte by making it nbeolutely necessary," iiid tbo earl. . ? . ??-??? ? "Abl and that possible event, my lord I vhat is it?" exclaimed the nuu, eigerly ?clzin(t on tbechanoe. . , "2/y death," gravely repliadtbe earl. Brandon Coylo slightly and then bowed with deep nolemnity, and' waited lilently tor the next words of the eef!, who returned Ibe enbjebt in a more _ eh?ierful true. ? ?. ~..'. "I bavo rcaobed an age ; seldom attained br i?>?, beiDg now nearly eiglily-eix yoara old. Since the lose of my counlees I Jjove found Ibo infirmitica ot my four-Eooro dud live jeare preasing very heavily npon mo. I tannot expeot and do cot desire to live here locgor. Mt sole remaining tio to this life is my jonng Branddongliter. I should not like to go and leave her unprotected j if,. thero fore, I Bboald (eel the approach of the ch?Bg? at any time between tbie and tbe end of Iha >?ar of mourning, I sbonld have tbo mirriftge ocromuny performed betwoon yonr-. it\l and my oLild, iv order to Btcuro her Ugal )'iotoction and clomoatio bappinoae nt tie enme time. Tee, if there were oppor tnoits I ebonlJ have tbo eervioo performed inn it my liejeide, rather than go and leave mj girl without that beet protection Bbo oould Live," ?d<]ed tbe old earl, earnestly. Again Brnndou Coyle bowod with tbe deepest eolemuity, Buying, witb well-imitated tmotion: " Heaven forbid, my dear lord,. that onr ntmiige should bo advanood by any snoh c?l?mityl" ; '; .'.. " Tbauk jon, my boy; bat whero would be the calamity 7 Tbe deuth of tbo old man, fall of yea? and infirmities, is but tbe birth o( the new man into new life and yonth and itrengtb. Ah 1 you are young, with tbe Harm cortb-lifo Btrotobing far out boforo yon, anil need not to think of theso things tUt are Bnoh a comfort.to ns who are so near Ibe end of our pilgrimage. But to return. Should I find death drawing near,'l shall bars yon and Ariollo married before I depart; bat should death oome too suddenly epon mc, as it does upon tbo ?ged some lines, (thy, then yon will'find among my F>pcn a letter wbioh I shall prepare to-day, tdorenod to jonj?ell and my granddaughter, fipreeiivo of my wish that your marriage lake place immediately, even before, my > mortal remains shall be consigned to the family t?nlt, so that my dearohild ehall not lick jour lawful protection for a day." " Oh, ray dear lord, I hope, I trust, Iprny, that no Bnoh dire necessity may ever arrive. Much as I long to possess my Arielle, I fhonld, with all my soul, deprecate such an irremediable misfortune aa your loss would be to ns. I would rather wait ono year^ — tin yean—yes, any number of years, than advance our marriage at tbecoet of jnci a sorrow," earnestly oxol&imcd; tho iypocrite. . : - _\ "I belieTo you, my boy 1 I qnite believe jou! But do not be alarmed. lam only telling you what I ehonld like to have you ?nd Ariello do in case of my death; butl teiDy think I ehall hold out for n. year longer, and be able to see" yon and my p?nddaughter married at the end of it, amid Itetlvrtic? and rejoicings that shall be re membered hero, for many years," aaid-.the old. earl, cheerfully. ? ? ' . „'' * ?"ite hope and believe the same," said Brandon Coyle, with every show of eincerity, ?be arose to take leave. ? :-. : Bat the carl would on no account let him g0 ;, :'* .- ?".'' ??".? " Yonmuet stay and dine -with mc to-day. I Inow you havo no. pressing engagements elMwhert," ho said. . . '' Ko, none, certainly, my lord," anewerud ice young man, returning his eeab and "otraitting to his fate with tho boat grace ? kecould. .'???'. .', Brandon Coyle spent, perhaps, the dullest 1?y that ho bad ever paaaedin bis life, and m toon after dinner as decency would per nit, ho ordered his dog-oart, and toot leave oltia host. . ? ' ? " The miserable old dotard," ho said to J'nself, as h? guided his horeo' oarefully ?o?n the steep towards the beach, ."to' rawton putting off our marriage for a "Hoi,, year merely for the Bttke of tho p^ ?J? pageantry that cannot attend it during , jP eno d ot mourning for tho old oquntess. ABO Bithin thi., year it i? next to a cer ?atj that Valdimir Dosparde will-have ttuwered the truth in regard to that old "gedj, and returned boro t6 confound all il P .*? Whftt would my moro betrothal nount to before suoh revelations- as ho "ould make ? ' -",???&>? I I should bo', ihrown:aside ?.ijT? utn >o3t contumely, arid Xriello (lrJrv 111 ? 11 ? Dospardo j for it is ovidont ?t sap lores him and not mc. " If wo wore married then I should be secure and I could defy thorn all. for they must refrain from injuring tho husband of liady Ariolle. . ? . . . "But the old man;says that we cannot be married -within a year, unless a certain event should occur which would justify a privato uoremony—nnd that event his death. " If ho Bhould bo in imminent danger of death, or if ho should die suddenly, then woaro to bo immediately aud quiotlyunitod, so that Lady Ariollo may not I>o loft without a legal protector. . . ,? '? Jlinn-m-m ! TTny doosa"t the old imbe cile die ? Ho has lived too long already! Why shouldn't lie dio, soon and sud denly?" And hero tiro dark fuce of tho man grow darker under tho shadow of tho fiend that breathed into Wβ spirit tha toinptation to on awful crime. . ? CHA.PTEK XXXI. "tub nine's sist," A little, lowly, hidden homo it'-waa, Down in lano, cloeo by a forcfit'N aide, I'ar from rosort of people that did nana In travel to and xro. . —SrE^su?. Anil bUo, -witli light and bu?y foot astir, In her email houaowUery, the bliUiMt bird Tliatererbulldedncit. —Axok. " Tnn Bird's Nest." That was the name of tho tiny, pretty cottage where littlo mam mam'and her babies found a refugo. It was situated >in Ghuroh-lane —a long, -Rreen, heavily shaded, deeply enoladed lane, that lay between tho thickly-wooded reotory grounds on the left side and the tangled forest on the right. A high green hedge (in eaob sido of the lane- inclosed it, and tall trees, with their top brunches meeting overhead, threw it into deop shsdo oven at noonday. This thoroughfare was so unireqaented that the ftronnd was covered with grass and Ijemmed with field flowers, almost obliterat ing the narrow footpath that ran-nlong the middle of the way. . " Tho N'c?t," ?b the cottage was called for brevity, stood about half-way down the lane, in n littlo clearing of the forest, directly op posite tho baok bodgo of tho reotory gronnds. It belonged, to tho eatste of the baohelor sqniro, Honeylhbrn, who was an absentee on the Continent. It bad onoe been the resl donoe of his gamekeeper, but it had been nn tenanted for mauy years—in fact, over since the now park lodge bad boon bnilt in a moro convenient quarter of tho estate for the pro eervaliun of tho game. Ofte'n,.in her solitary -walks, Net had passed nlong this way, and paused at the rnatio gate in the lic-Jro that separated tho cottage gar den from the lane, nnd leaning over its low bars, had gazad at the sequestered and do- Herted oot with a sort of propbetio interest. She never dreamod that it would be her own homo; but she thonght it would form a peaceful and pleasant dwelling-placo for some humble family, who ought to be in it, and. therefore it was-a pity it should be empty, Hk? a form of lite waiting for life. Tho pretty oot wns indeed an object to nttrnot tho nttcntion of any oliunce paaseugor of that lonoly lane.. . . It stood within a littlo, thickly-shrubbod garden inclosed in a high green hedgo,- and eurroundod on threo sides by tho forest, nnd bounded iv frpnt by tho Inne. It was a small, substantial stono bnilding of one story and a half, with a ?teoi> roof, having two wide dormer windows iv front, and two high chinmoys in the giiblo ends. The lower edgo of tho roof projected fur over the front, forming tlio shod of tho porch Hint extended tho -wholo breadth of'tlio lumsa. Thero wns a broad, lo\r door iv tho middle, ?with ono broad, low, latticed window on each sido. Tlio whole building was completely covered with ivy, which had crept up every -wall, around overy door and wijidow frumo, over tho steep roof, and around tho toll chimney, mitil tho cottugo looked like nn edifice of ovorgreon. Around tho posts that supported tho roof of tho porch nl?o tlio climbing roses, tho honeysuckles, tho clematis nnd laburnum hud grown bo thiokly and luxuriantly that tlioy mado a green wall bof oro the soats on the porch. Tho front door, standing, oh ivo said, be tween tlie two low, latticed front -windows, oponod into a narrow- passage running through tho hoiiso to a bnck door lending to the poultry yard und cow-shed. On the right band was a small door load ing into the oottogo p*rlonr,- hebind which wsa tho kilehon, from wbjioh a little narrow BtsiroaEe asoonded to tho rooms in the roof On the left hand of the passage was another door loading into "a large apartment running from the front to tho back of the house,-and filling as much spaoo as both the kitchen nnd tho parlour tognther on tho opposite side of tho passage. ' Not had determined to take thi? house, not only because sho had alwnyu fancied it, but because it was in Buch cloao proximity to tho old rectory grounds, tho homo and haunt of hor childhood and youth. . It was a fine day in October, when, baring obtained tho key from Snoire Honeythorn's bailiff, sho went, with all her "following—that i?, with tho two children, and Kit and Poter Ken—to inspect tho in-, terior of tbe house. . Aβ she unlocked the gate leading into tho old, negleotqd garden, where llowers nnd weeds were growing .together in all the rank lururianoe of untrained nature, tbo children were wild with delight, as children are at every prospect of change, oven from a handsome house to a humble one; Kit was silent and moody, as aho had lately been, and Peter was talkative critical, and suggestive, as became ono.wbo expected to be promoted to tho poet of major-domo in the new household about to be formed. ; ?? Toll jo wot, Mistrom Net; mum.there be wurruk for m< in this here garden. Oi wud no wunder it took mo a month to root oot all they weeds, and twenty barrow loads on 'cm to barn as wud mak a l>on foiro moight bo son from Montjoie itsen I ho Bald, looking at the. t?n(jle, wh.re even the purple heather and the golden gorso strove with thistle and dock to orowd" out the rose*, themarigolds, and the'dahlias. . ?" Tee, you'll have work,- Peter," assonled the little mistress, with a smile. . "Oi'in thinking Oi'll begin at wunet wi. rootiog on \em oot, llistress Net, mum, , ho * d " e No, Peter, not yot.'Veaia Net, her weak, tender be?t feeling some pity even for the nolden goree end its humble oompanions that they allbe Bt?gmat!sedae_ weeds and condemned to bo cut down in their bloom. " Whoy not yet, Mislress Not, mum, afore their saoderoip.cn T" asked tho practical Pe ? e i—l—they look so fcOt of life now I hato to have them killeJ, even if they are weeds. '.Leave thorn until they die and dry up. Then ron may cut them down ani burn thorn." 1 " Sur they, hey been and gone and dropped.their'seeds all over the ground to. fetch a fresh crap o' weeds next spring, Mie trets Net,mum I Tbet'll bo foine K arden- Never mind, leave thorn until they ""?Jort'es yb say. Mi.tress Net, mum 1 To be the maiater hew, Mietrees Not, mum. . The ray new aigntty llttl. mammam's man-servant thought it neoe.sary. to confer Spon h£"nco he had was the additional title of "mum." Hβ had been ?ocu.tomed to calTher $!*&*?*£?? Now he o?Ued her " MUHe?? Net, mum. While they had been rpeaUng Net had been ftrufrgline to turn the rn?ty kny .in tt-o resisted all her tffirt*, and now she gave way to Peter, who lock hold with all bis might, ?id lliti a great effort ou bis part, and h grating Bhribk on' tho key's part; be succeeded in turning the look und opening the door. ?? ? ; - Tue overpowering rash of oonflaed air met them at onoe from tho long closed boase. " Go bask, children—go back at onoo nutU we have opened all tho doors and' windows. There, go plok sp the irony npple> nnder that tree until 1 call yon," eald Net, hastily turn ing her little ohargeie away from tho thres hold. They ran off, -very willing to pick tip roey apples. . ??.??? Meanwhile Peter bad walked down the passage and set tbo back door wide open for a current of fresh air to "pace through the houee, and Kit had opened the right- haud' door leading into the parlour, and the lattloo window that lighted it. " You must kindle fires to-day in every ohimuey to dry off this damp, ninety atmn? phere," said Net to her man-servant, an Blie lollowed him into tho long room on the lrlt of the passage, whioh he next proceeded to " Yes, Mietrcss Net, mum ; but mayhap as J yor haarrt's too Under and pitiful to lot yo molest tho swallows' neaU wot's a oholdng oop this here obimbly—though tho swallows have flowed away months agone," said Peter, with a little latent sarcasm in his mind, though with perfect respect in his manner, as he took hit led head in from looking np the chimney. '.' Not if the birds have flown, Peter. lam glad they have flown. I should not like to have disturbed thorn in their nests," replied Net, very eimply. . t Alter inspecting this long room, which bad broad, low, lattice windows at tho front and at the baok, and a fireplace in the gable und, flanked by two beaufeU, Net went out in tho passage and crossed over to tho little front parlour, whioh had a broad lattice window in the front, and v. fireplace in tho angle of tho corner, between the - side wall and the partition wall dividing it from the bnok kitohon. In the opposite angle, between the kitchen wall and the passage wall, was a corner oup board. Half-way between the cupboard and tho fireplace was the door loading- into the kitchen. ??'?-; '?'?? Not went into this and found a com modious room, with a fireplace in the anglo of the oorner adjoining tho parlour fireplace —both were, in foot, parts o( the same {rublc end chimnoy. Thero was also a baok door leading into the poultry-yard und cow-shed, and there was a broad, latticed back window, and in the anglo of tlio room between the end and tbo back there was a staircase leading tip to tho little bedrooms in the roof. , ' Not ascended theee steep stairs and found herself in a narrow passage from which opened four little chambers under tho sloping roof, each of which was lighted with a dormer window. " Not one of theeo is large enough for mc and my children to sleep in together," eaid Net, after her inspection was over. Then blio returned downstairs and soon decided on a bed-chamber for herself and her babies—tho long room on the left-hand sido of tho passage. " Then Jlistreaa Net, mum, yo nun gie mo some money to buy limo and a whoito wash brush. Oi muu whoitewash thoeo walls. Thoybe weather-stained a uoight to see," said Peter, as ho stood with his hands in his pockets, staring around at tho etrcaked and spattered plastering. " Very well, you may go and attend to that now," said the young mistress, as she opened her purse and gave the boy two half-crown pieces. ? And after a few more orders, little mam mam took the two children, with their aprons full of rosy apples, and toturned to tbo rootory, leaving Kit and Peter to clean and air tho oottage. It may be remembered that the greater part of the farnituro in the reotory was the personal property''6l the late reotor, and at the aaotion had been bought in by friends and neighbours for tho use of - his step daughter and her wards, his own orphan ohiliron. This furniture was moro than sufficient to fit np the oottage in the most oomfortablo manner', leaving a residue of ohairs, tables, bedding and.kitchen Qtensils, that Net could not nee. And here oame a minor temptation to tbo girl. These article's were all familiar from her childhood, and dear to her hoart, as having been used by hor beloved mothor and stop-fatber, and she .was tempted to store them all away in ono of the little attio rooms of the .cottage, wheto they might be olosely packed; but when she thought of the poor, baro huts of the labouring. class around her, she could not let tbeso things moulder away uselessly. .... "If they do seem so sacred to mc, they should all the sooner be oonseerated to good neos. - I must give all this furniture to the people who need it moat," ahe aiid to hersolf. - ThU resolution suggested anothor—to unpack the boxes where the late reotor's olotbing had been laid away in camphor, and to distribute the flennols and warm sooke to tbe aged poor men of the village, and to give Iris Bait of black broadoloth to the eexlon, whose Sunday clothes'- bad long beon very shabby, and now showed sigue of breaking oat at elboweand knees. Not made all these distributions with a cheerful hoart, and received her reward in the happiness she creatod. . This- exhausted Her surplus etoro of goods. Sho had no more to give. ? Iler motherfe and. lier atop-mother's stock of clothing had'long been used up.liy thd economical Net, who had made them over for thd children or beraolf, and thus spared her step-father's eoanty purse. In justtwowoeks from the day on which, it was first opened, tho cottage in the lane had been thoroughly ventilated,, cleaned, furnished,'and decorated for the reception of tho now.littlo family. . It was on the afternoon of tho thirty flret of October that Net, taring eoen every flre in tho rectory put out, and evcrydoor. and window fastened, bade j>ood.-byo to the dear home of' hor childhood, and taking littlo Luke and Ella by the hand, -wont forth to their new habitation. ' ? Sho took a shortcut through the shrub- ? bery. thence through the churoh-yard out upon tho turnpiko, noir the entrance of Ohuroh-lane. ? "When they reached this spot, with its tall trees mooting overhead, making a vista Hko a cathedralaiele' as far as tho eye could ccc, the children ran wild ? with delight. . ' ? ? To thorn the'idea of going tolivo in that little ivy-covered, vine-wreathed cottage in the fjreori and shady lane was perfectly enchanting, it was like playing at house-, keeping, in the most delightful manner, with'little inammsu for a playmate. It was like a fairy tale also, and they bait expected to ace "-the little old woman.' or '.' the beautiful lady" who turns out to be the fairy queen at last. ' ," " ?? They run on before Net, jumping and skipping, and they reached the gate of tho oott≥ some minutes before she did. She found them there walling for her. „ The sun bad jmt col;' bat the fire- light and the lump-light from tho cottage, parlour, and kitoben gleamed ont from the front and back windows, flickering and glimmering through the etill green foliage around the building. .-...?.-?? "Wo jot her* before you,. m?mniml Ob, die ii dul dolly!" exclaimed Luke, swimiing on the gate.'? .? "Da?t dolly 1" eohoed bl? twin-ei?ter. Nat amiled at the children, unUatenod the gate, and lod them into the garden and theneo through the vine-oovsred porch and into the houae.the front door of wbioh wag lelt wide open to jeoeive her and her little companions. ' ;-?'. ' * - Tbo oottage presented a 1 very different aspoot now. to what it did when we first ?aw it, Tho narrow paasage walla were white, washed, tha door* freshly paintod, aod tUo floor waa covered with a ?oft, dark green' oarpet. Net opened the door on the left leading into the long room she had fitted up for tbo Bleeping apartment of hereelf and the childron. from whom ahe wna never sepa rated. Here the children found tbo red oarpet, wbito enrtaina, and rosewood chamber sot; with which they had been familiar all their little lives', and to find them in thia new, strange plaoe wae a froah delight. Net took off her own hat and wrftpa and the children's, and put them all oarofnlly away In the wardrobe, and then led the little ones aeroas the passage to the parlour, that looked bright and oboorfu! with its red aarpet, wblte curtains, white walle, gay ohintz-oovered sofa. and chairs, neat toa t&ble; sot in the mlddlo of the floor, and blazing little wood-fire in the fireplaoe aoroas the oorn'or. " Oh-h-h!" qxclaimed both obildron in a breath, running towards the corner fico to admire tho bright, brass fonder and flro " And zat's daddy!" cried Luke, pointing to a portrait of tho minister that hung in ite black walnut fnirno over the mantel-piece, botweon a pair of thrco-prongod wax candle sticks. A grateful smell of tea and baking cukes and toasting niufflns camo in from the open door of tho warni, bright kitchen, and enticed tho children thither, whore they found Kit busy over tho tiniest kitchen range that had ever been set up in a small home. , "And boo do yo loiko tho now homo f" quouticmod Kit, turning a lnufllii on her toasting fork. . " Oh, it's dust dolly !" cried Luke. "Dust dolly I" ochood Ella, for their vocabulary was not vory extensive. ? And then they wont to the narrow door leading to the attic, and, with the ever present exploring- instinct of children and email doge, they opened it and began to climb the stairs, and soon their heels were heard olattoring over the floors above. Then, ( indeed, they hurried into tho parlour, olimbed up into their high chairs, and were puehed up to their places on tho i-ight and left of their little mamtham. " Do yo moind wot noight thia wull bo, Mistress Net ?" inquired Kit, na she waited on tho children. '?? "I know it is tho last of Octobor—the thirly-firsl," replied Not. " Ay, thot wull bo it." " But what of it, Kit ?" ? "It wull bo Hallow-E'en noight, of all tho iioights in the year.". " Yes—beliovo it is s but what o! that, Kit?" . ? '' Wot of thot ? Whoy, Metroes Net, if there be a ghawst in this awld hooao, we'll all fain, to boo it tonight 1" said the girl, in a low, fearful tone, as she glanoed over her shoulder. . "Oh, Kit, what nonsense 1 A ghost, indeed 1 You know there are no euch thinge," replied Not. ; '"Deed, then, I knaw nothing aboot it I But if there bo a ghawst in this came hooae, wo'ro fain to sue it to-noig-ht." "Kit, I will not have you say such foolish things before the children," said Net, with all tho sternness she ooufd assume. "You should know that' there are no ghosts." " No, doro are no ghose," added Lake, pnttlug a spoonful of milk and bread into his month. . " No gho?e," eeboed Ella, with her words half rmothered in muffin. ?' . " Varry well, then, yo'll see before morn ing." .??. ?;' "I ?'? ? "-; : :.' "Nonsense, I say; bat really if you aro afraid to Bleep upatalra by yonr?olf,.Kit, you had better make up a little bed in oar room, whioh ie*BO large and well ventilated that two grown persons and two. children may easily sloop in it without detriment to health. Yob, Kit, yon may sleep there every night, if you wish; you havo only to make your bod in the evening and take it away in tho morning." ,, ' "Thank yo kindly, Metroes Net, bnt Oi prefar to sleep in m' own place; and Oi'm not so timid.' Oi've got a horee-ahoe. That '11 keep tho ghawats away froom mc." "I wi?h Poter could stay with yon at night as well as day. He could havo a oomfortable room next to youra in tho garret." -" Wull, yo see, Mietrosa Net, he cannot. He'll ooom and wnrruk for yo. oil day long, but at noight ho la fain to stay with tbo mithor, while tho feyther ia oot wi' hie boot, apearitig sawmon." " I know, and I am aorry," said Net, aa she left the table " Mammam, may wose tay up die one night'ittle wile f" coaxed Luke. "Tay tip a'ittlo w'ilo ?" . echoed Ella, as they both came to Not where she was sitting and laid there chubby hands in her lap. "Yen, my darlings. Aβ this is tho first night in tho now homo you may etay up an hour longer than'usual,'* answered Net, to' the groat gratification of tho children. , Kit cleared off tho parlor table and oarried the toa service into the adjoining kitchon, where she sot another,table-for herself and Peter, -who bad just coino in from bringing the cow from tho rectory barn-yard and housing her in tbo eottogo shed. CHAPTER XXXII. Jl NIOIIT ALAItII. AKbairt ?he walked, and nUrUn* from hor bed, Qold iwoat. Id olammy diopi. her HmbsjJ'onipreiiil. Net lighted, her evening lamp and lot down the. parlour, oiirtains. Then she took. Goldsmith's Natural History, : with iU coloured pictures of birds, boaats, and fiahoa, and < opened -it on tho rag before tho fire, so that the- twoobildren might] eit down thero and look at the pictures together. Finally Net took her knitting and sat down by tho .fire to work ; for thU old fashioned, little honaowlfe knitted all. the stockings for tho children and herself. Soon a dispute) aroeo on tho rug. '. ?'. ] f jCo hi continued. J 