TWO SAINTS OF THE FOOT-HILLS. Barr HRsxE Ix "SCExmwra's. (Continued from our last.) Whether it was jealousy, distrust, or timidity that overcame the Saints, was never known, but they studiously de clined to meet the strangers. When directly approached upon the subject,. Daddy Downey pleaded illness, kept himself in close seclusion, and the Sunday that the Trizes attended. church in the school-house on the hill, the triumph of the Trix party was mitigated by the fact that the Downeys were not in their accustomed pew. 'You bet that Daddy and Mammy is lying low jest to ketch them old mum mies yet,' explained a Downeyite. For by this time schism and division had crept into the camp, the younger and later members of the settlement ad hering to the Trixes, while the older pioneers stood not only loyal to their own favorites, but even, in the true spirit of partisanship, began to seek for a principle underlying their per sonal feelings. 'I tell ye what, boys~' observed Sweetwater Joe, 'if this yer camp is goin' to be run by greenhorns, and old pioneers, like Daddy and the rest of us, must take back seats, it's time we emigrated and shoved out, and tak Daddy with us.* Why, the'yre talkin' of rotation in affiss, and of putting that skeleton that Ma'am Decker sets up at table to take her boarders' appetites away into th' .post office in place o' Daddy.' A--'. ! ed, there were some fears of .- .? n clusion; the newer men of .longh and-Ready were in 'the majority and.. wiell...'-' : tIure than equal'infnence of wealth and outside enterprise. 'Frisco,' as'waDowneyite bitterly, remarked, 'al ready owned half the town.' The old friends that rallied around 'Daddjr anid Mammy were like most loyal friendstin adversity, in-bad case -themselves, and were beginning to act, it was observed, not unlike their old favorites. At this juncture Mammy died. The sudden blow for a few days seemed' to reunite dissevered Rough and-Ready. Both factions hastened to the bereaved Daddy with condolenients and offers of aid and assistance: But the old man received them sternly. A -change had come over the w'eak and yielding octogenarian. Those who ex pected to find him maundlin, helpless, -disconsolate, shrank from the cold hard eyes and truculent voice that bade them "begoze." and "'la?' hiim with his dead." Even his-old friends failed to make him respond to their sympathy, and were fain to content themselves with the cold intimation that both the wishes of his dead wife and' his own instincts were against any display, or the reception of any favor from the camp that might tend to keep the di visions they had innocently created. The refusal of Daddy to accept any service offei~Fd was s' diillike him as to have but one dreadful meaning ! The sudden shock had turned his brain ! Yet so impressed were they with his resolution that they permitted him to perform the last sad offices him self, and only a select few of his nearer neighbors assisted him in carrying the plain deal coffin from his lonely cabin in the woods to the still lonelier ceme tery on the hill-top. When the shallow grave was filled, he dismissed even these curtly, shut himself up in his cabin, and for days remained unseen. It wan evident that he was no longer in his ri:ht mind. His harmless aberration was ae cepted :~nd treated with a degree of intelli-~ nt delicacy hardly to be be lieved of so rough a community. During his wife's sudden and severe illnesp, the safe containing the funds entrusted to his care by the various benevolent associations was broken into and robbed ; and, although the act was clearly attributed to his carelessness and preoccupation, all allusion to the fact was witheld from him in his severe affiction. When he appeared again before the camp, and the circumstances were cautiously explained to him with the remark that "the boys had made it all right," the vacant, hopeless, unintelligent eye that he turned upon the speaker showed too plainly that he had forgotten all about it. "Don't trouble the old man," said Whisky Dick, with a burst of honest' poetry. "Don't ye see his memory's dead, and lying there in the coffin with Mammy ?" Perhaps the speaker was nearer right than he imagined. Failing in religious consolation, they took various means of diverting his mind with worldly amusements, and one was a visit to a travelling variety troupe, then performing in the town. The result of the visit was briefly told by Whisky Dick. 'Well, sir, we went in, and I sot the old man down on a front cant, and kinder propped him up with some other of the fellers round -him, and there he sot as silent and aw ful as the grave. And then that fancy dancer, Miss Grace Somerset, comes in and dern my skin if the old man didn't git to trembling and fidgetting all over, as she cuts them pidgin wings. I tell -ye what, boys, men is men, way down to their boots, whether they're crazy or not. Well he took on so that I'm blamed if the gal herself didn't notice him, and she ups, suddenly, and blows him a kiss-so ! with her fingers !' Whether this narration was exag gerated or not, it is certain that old man Downey every succeeding night of the performance was a spectator. That he may have aspired to be "more than that was suggested a day or two later in the following incident. A number of the boys were sitting around the stove in the Magnolia saloon, listen ing to the outset of a winter storm against the windows, when Whisky Dick, tremulous, excited, and bristling with raindrops and information, broke in upon them. - 'Well, boys, rve got just the biggest thingout. Ef I hadn't seed it myself, I wouldn't hey believed it 1 ' 'It ain't thet ghost again ?' growled Bobinson, from the depths of his arm chair. "Thet ghost's about played." ' Wot ghost ?' asked a new comer. 'Why, ole Mammy's ghost, that every feller aboutyer sees when he's half full and out late o' nights.' 'Where P' 'Where? Why, where should a ghost be? Meanderin' round her grave on the hill yi,:yideiincouise.' 'It's suthin bigger nor' thet, pard,' said Dick, confidently; "no ghost kin rake down the pot ag'in the keerds I've got here. This ?ai'tifo bluff!' 'Well, go on!' said a dozen excited -voices., Dick paused a moment, diffidently, with the hesitation of an artistic reconteur. 'Well,' he said, with affected deliber -ation, 'let's see ! Ita nigh onto an hour ez I was down thar at the variety show. When the curtain was down betwixt the ax, I looks round for Daddy. No Daddy thar II goes out and asks some -of the boys. 'Daddy was there a minit ago,' they say; 'must hey gone home,' Bein' kinder responsible for the old man, I hangs round,' and goes in the hall and sees a passage leadin' behind the scenes. Nowr the queer thing about this, boys, ez that suthin in my bones tells me the old man is that. I pushes in, and, sure as a gun, I hears his voice. Kinder pa'thetic, kinder pleadin,' kinder-----' 'Love makin'!' broke in the impatient Robinson. 'You've hit it, pard-you've rang -the bell every time ! But- she says, 'I wants thet money down, or Ill"- ' .and here I couldn't get to hear the rest. And then he kinder coaxes, mnd she says, sorter sassy, but listenin': all the time-women like, ye know, Eve -and the sarpint i-and she says, '1 see to morrow.' And he says, 'you won't blow on me ? ' and I gets ex cited'ahd peepsin, and may I be teie totally darned efI'didn't see-' ' What?' yelled the crowd. 'Why, Daddy on his knees to that there fane- dancer, Grace Somerset ! NTow, if M.uinmy's'ghost is- meandeiin' round, why et's time she left the ceme try" and' put in an appearance 'at Jack son's hall. Thet's all.' 'Look yar, boys,' said R6binson, rising, 'I don't know ez' its' the sqdiare thing to spile Daddy's fun. I don't object to it, provided she ain't Lakin' in the old man an'd givin' him'dead 'away. But ez we're his'guardeenb,'I' propose' that: we go down thbar'nd see the' lady and find out efher intentionstis honor-' able. If she means to marry, and the old man persists, why,.I reckon we kin give tle young couple at send-offs that won't disgrace this yer camp'!' Heh: boys.' It is unnecessary to say 'that the proposition was received with accla mation, and that the crowd at once departed on their discreet mission. But the result was never known, for the next morning brought a shock to Rough-and-Ready, before which all other interests paled to nothingness. The grave of Mammy Downey- was found violated and despoiled ; the coffin opened, and half filled with the papers and accounts of the robbed benevolent associations ; but the body of Mammy was gone; Nor, on examin ation, did it appear that the sacred and ancient form of that female had ever reposed in its recesses. Daddy Downey was not to be found nor is it necessary to say that the in genuous Grace Somerset- was also missing. For three days the reason of Rough and-Ready trembled in the balance. No work was done in the ditches, in the flume, nor in the mills. Groups of men stood by the grave of the lamented relict of Daddy Downey as open mouthed and vacant as that sepulchre. Never since the great earthquake of 52 had Rough- and-Ready been so stirred to its deepest foundations. On the third day the sheriff of Calaveras-a quiet, gentle, thoughtful man-arrived in town, and passed from one to the other of excited groups, dropping here and there detached but concise and practical information. 'Yes, gentlemen, you are right, Mrs. Downey is not dead, because there wasn't any Mrs. Downey! Her part was played by George F. Fenwick of Sydney-a 'ticket of leave man,' who was, they say, a good actor. Downey? Oh, yes, Downey was Jem Flanigan, who, in 52. used to run the variety troupe in Australia, where Miss Somer set made her debut. Stand back a little, boys. Steady! 'The money?' Oh, yes, they've got away with that, sure? How are ye, Joe? Why, you're looking well and hearty ! I rather ex pected ye, court=week. How's things your way?' 'Then they were only play-actors, Joe Hall?' broke in a dozen voices. 'I reckon!' returned the sheriff, cooly. ' And for matter o' five blank years,' said' Whisky Dick, sadly, 'they've played'tliis camp.' 