FICTION. (Vron KB(U»b, lintrlcn, «ad o.htr Periodical*. A BITTEE BONDAGE. .CHAPTER SXVI. NANNV'S STORY. Mrs. Oreenbrooke was walking up and down the long, low, wainscoted roam at Tregarvan Tower in ft state borderding on distraction. Everything seemed failing her. She was a bad, cruel woman, tut she had one tender point in ber heart, She bad plotted and sinned far more for her son's than ber own or her husband's sake, She had striven to blind herself, but sbe at any rate was no fool, and tbe fact was forcing itself upon ber that her son was unworthy of the station and the fortune she bad conepired to obtain for him. And he did not even love her ! That iras the bitterest drop of all. She bad appealed to his affection to induce him to remain at Tresarvan, and he had answered her with coldness and contempt. It was too late now to draw back, and yet, were they not plunging deeper and deeper into ruin. She had received the letter for which she had bsen watching with so much anxiety, nnd it only ça-' Bounced anothc-r fnilure. ^-' Money niuit SR hnd by somojaesñ?, and that soon. Bills wou d fall duck» ft-"téw weeks that must te met. Wr^^Qro^iilîïôolio groaned nloud as she re ^wte^Tpöu all the completions that threatened, îwjîi'toward tbe side from which danger was really -.advancing she never cast o glance. Soino one men tiored in her heoring that Mr. Parke* lind arrived at Prior's cottage, but she hnd given no heed. What -was it to her who went and who carne ? Mr. Parker arrived st the cottee one warm Bum- mer evening, when the dnsh of the waves made pleasant music to the ear. Nanny received him with on inward satisfaction, well concealed by theordinary Civility due to the lodger. It was two or three days before he could get uninterrupted speech of her with- out exciting suspicion. At last, on the third morn- ing, while Prior was mending his boat, and his wire lad gone to market, Mr. Parker found old Nanny alone. She was ju t as anxious to relate what she fcnew as he was to listen, and with pencil and note- j book, be took down the sum and substance of her information, Sir Jeffrey Tregarvan's feelings toward his daughter had become much softened latterly, it seemed. He I liad loved his first wife devotedly, and a charming lady she was. Nanny said, sweet and beautiful. Sir Jeffrey would never have been so harsh to Miss Tregarvan if be bad not been put up to it, but the | present Lady Tregarvan bated her, did all she could to drive her from home, and tried to irritate Sir Jeff- rey against her in every possible way. Sir Jeffrey was not particularly fond of his wife's company, and he spent much of his time in two small rooiriB in the tower-the same that he had oc- cupied when a young man in his father's time, One zoom was fitted up as a bedroom, and the other, underneath, as a study, One reason why ha liked .that room was that it had an outside staircase by J 'Which he could go into the garden. He was fond of -walking there in the evening, and talking to Lyle or Farmer Perron. The study was paneled with dark oak ; on one side was a large secretary at whioh he .used to write, and where be kept papers, and on the opposite wall hung a life-sized portrait of the first Irftdy Tregarvan, the very image of Mis. Marston, only Mrs. Marston bad not her mother's sweet ex- pression. ííanny had come on a, visit to Tregarvan Tower with Mr. and Miss Arnyo t, Lady Loveden that was now. They always brought her, beoouse they knew £he was fond of the old plac i One evening, Martin, Sir Je'ffrey'a own man, came to tell her that there was a lady- outside who wiehed to speak with her. When she went into the garden,? sbe found Mrs. Marston standing just outside the gates. Bbehad come to Tregarvan on purpose to ivy and see her father, only she did not wish to con« in contact with Lady Tregarvan. "I thought this could easny be maitBßeüi" so Nanny continued har narrative, " and tijat Lady Tregarvan need not know anything about it S'f Jeffrey was in the turret room at that minu.^e. It was after dark and I could see the light from* ¿ho garden. I told Mrs. Marston to go quietly up toe little outside staircase to the study, and she would find Sir Jeffrey. I followed, for I had some curiosity to see the meeting. I wasn't over fond of Mrs. Marston, but I wished her to get her own, and I didn't wish Lady Tregarvan to have all her own way. "It tinned out very different to what I expected, | and I repented afterward having allowed my old master to be taken by surprise. I ought to have remembered that he was not so strong as be had been. He no sooner set eyes on Mrs. Marston, as she stood in the door-way, than he gnve a loud cry and fell down in a fit. Then as we heard footsteps hastening along the passage, Mrs. Minston rushed past me, down stairs and away, and I never saw her again. "I loosened Sir Jeffrey's neck-tie, and sprinkled water in nis face, and when I heard a hand on the door I hastily closed a panel in the wnll that I saw open. It slid back with a spring ; I guessed it was a place he might wiih to keep secret. I told him af- terward what I had done, and found by the wey ho thanked me that I wos right. Lady Tregarvan and Mies Amyot came in ; they had been alarmed by the cry. Sir Jeffrey soon recovered, howover. It was only n fainting fit, and the next morning he was himself a?ain. He had always been a bit su- perstitious. He us'.d to read strange books about spirits, and he had a little wooden thing, that had some fine name, that be used to say the spirits wrote with when he laid his hand upon it, I think it was only of lste years he took up these notions, How- ever, he believed it was the spirit of his first wife he had seen, and that she had appeared to reproach bim for his unkindness to her daughter. This became a fixed idea in his mind, and to tell the truth, I did not care to undeceive him, as I though it might lead him to do justice to Mrs. Marston and her children, " A few days after he had seen this spirit, as he be- lieved, he sent his own man to St, Colomb for Mr. Pascoe, the solicitor, and I feel eure a. will was then made, as Martin told me he and Penan bad been called in to sign a paper. When Sir Jeffrey died, Mr. Pascoe was already dead. No will was found in his office, so I have little doubt it is in the recess I have mentioned." "How was it you did not mention this before, when Lady Tregarvan claimed the property in right of her husband's will ?" Mr. Parker asked, " For one thing, I wasn't on the spot," said Nanny, " There's been a deal of trouble about Mr. Amyot'e illness and death, and after that I went to my sister, near Plymouth, who was ill, and wanted nursing, and then I had quite lost sight of Mrs. Marston, and Lady Loveden did not know anything about her or her children till lately." When did these Greenbrookes come to Tregar- van ?" When Sir Jeffrey's health began to give way, Lady Tregarvan brought him here from Bodmin, that he might manage the business of the estate. He didn't live in the tower at first, but in that cot- tage covered with ivy near the church. But as Sir Jeffrey got worse both in mind and body, Mr, and Mrs. Greenbrooke were more and more at the tower, till at last they gave up their cottage, and went to live their altogether. They got my lady in their power somehow or another, for she is frightened of them, and Mrs. Greenbrooke she can't bear the sight of." " Did you say that Perran was one of the witnesses to the paper you supposed to be a will." " Old Perran, sir." Nanny replied. " The other Martin, Sir Jeffrey's mon-went to America almost immediately after his master's death. He appeared to have more money to spend than any savings he could have made would account for. Maybe Mr. Greenbiooke thought it worth his while to get him out of the way." "Has Perran ever been questioned ?" " Lor' bless you, sir, he's been childish for some time past. It's his son Adam that's farm bailiff now." " He is a very old man, then, I suppogg f" ---- "Not so old either," NnVj replied. "I waa seventy-two last Candleíoís", and he is not more than three or four yj?a»s~"older." " 18hojj¿ífiike to see him, nevertheless," said Mr. j'arfceí, musingly. "That you can easily do ; you have only to say eo to Adam. The old man generally sits out of doors in the orchard, with the old dog beside him, this hot summer weather," Nanny answered. Mr. Parker remained silent for a while, thinking. Then he enid : " If there is a will, and if this Greenbrooke has not got hold of it, which is moro than probable, it is most likely in that recess you mentioned in Sir Jeffrey's study. Is there no possibility of examin- ing! the turret room? I remember the outside staircase, though I never went into the lower rooms of the tower; only in the upper room to see the view " " After Sir Jeffrey's death, oil the furniture was cleared out of the room, except the secretary, that was too heavy to be easily moved, and that was cleared of its contents, so Jennifer tells me," said Nanny. " I am almost certain, from what she Bays, that the secret recesa has never been found out. I have been waiting and watching for an opportunity of getting at it ever so long, but the door leading to the garden is kept locked from within, and I do not know how to get ia. Mrs, Greenbrooke keeps all the keys. If she would only go out sometimes, Jennifer might manage it, The room has a bad name, since a ghost has been said to visit it, and I have taken care it should not lose its bad repute," continued Nanny, winking her eyes very fast. " None of the servants or villagers either, would venture into that room now after nightfall for love or money." Mr. Parker could not refrain from smiling, as be replied : " As you say, Mrs, Prior, the bad repute of the room may help us. We must contrive some way of examining that recess. I must think ebout it," " Well," said Nanny, rolling her head, " if Lady Tregfirvan has got Mrs. MaTston's money by unfair means she has had no enjoyment of it. The Lord is above us all !" " When do you suppose the will was drawn up that put Latly Tregarvan in pssession of that property ?" Mr. Parker asked. " That I cannot say," Nanny replied. " I'm protty sure not till long after the pretended date. Sir Jef- fery was just like a child in their hands before he died. He would have signed anything they told him, or they might have guided his hand-I cannot tell." " One thing more," said Mr. Parker, haBtily, OB he saw Mrs. Prior, the jounger, coming along the road, " How do you account for the other apparitions said to have been seen ?-the boat, and the figure in the disused part of the house ?" " I cannot account for them at all, sir, and that's the truth," said Nanny. I As the fisherman's wife draw near the door, Mr Parker retreated to his own room, whence he emerged soon after, and strolled down to the beach. Here he paced up and down, pondering long and deeply as to the best course to pursue. Though the grounds of suspicion were strong, they were scarcely sufficiently so to justify too interference of the law. He did not think he could at present give valid reasons for applying for a search warrant, Other menus of discovery must be tried first. He had other suspicions, too, on his mind that he had not confided to Nanny Prior. There were certain points he desired to certify to himeeif before he spoke. He /lilly intended to examine the cave in the cliff uglier the tower, and in order to do this thoroughly it would be necessary to bave help, and ho must have ïïanny's advice as to who could best be trustad, 