Turf Notes. By Whalebone. Tas Rockhampton Jockey Club advertise a Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run at the winter meeting, 1883. The conditions much more liberal than heretofore are as under A sweepstakes of 5 Sovs. from starters, with 5 sovs. each from the owners of subscribing sires, and 100 aw. added by the club, for two-year-olds, the produce of stallions subscribed for. Colts, 8st. 7lb.; fillies, 8st. 4lb. j no allowance to geldings what will our New South Wales reformers Bay to this clause? one mile ; second horse 10 per cent and third 5 per cent on gross amount of prize. December 1, the date fixed, is rather late in the year, for nominating sires to the courts during the current season. Owners like to know what stallions are subscribers to a strike of this kind before sending their mares to be served, and 'they are materially influenced in their choice of a covering sire by the fact of his being or not being nominated for a produce stakes. Other things being equal, the service of a nominated sire is worth double, treble, or fourfold as much as that of a stallion not subscribed for. In December most mares have been already covered, and when the first of the month comes round it will be a disappointment to many to find But their mares have been served by non-subscribers sires, and to know that their progeny will be worth little compared with the foals got by nominated stallions. A sires' produce stakes should not close later than October, and few of our leading clubs in the colonies leave it so late as that. This vigorous Northern club, I hear, i tends holding a summer meeting on it down racecourse, and under its own auspices, about Christmas- time, Heretofore the Christmas or New Year gatherings at Capricornia have been scratch affairs, got up independently of the R J.O., and I am glad to see the proper authority taking the local racing into its own hands. After his Cooktown defeat, for which the excuse is made of an accident in transit to the North, old Nemo retires into harem life, a d serves mares at the fear of seven guineas. So well bred a horse, and so good a performer, should get good racing stock, and as his shapes are excellent. and he is sound in wind and limb, he ought to be a successful sire for general stud purposes. He is by Kyogle out of Riir Melon, by Lord of the Hills (imp.) out of Diamond, by Gratis (imp.), and has thus two strains of Touch- stone in his veins, derived from William Tell and Lord of the Hills, both sons of that great Cup horse and Leger winner ; while Kyogle's dam, Cassandra, dam of Camden, Calliope, Ramornie, and Yattendon, was a grand-daughter of Priam, one of Emilios' beat runs and if this is not first class racing blood I don't know what is. A sporting; match has been made in the North for £200 a side between a couple of Cooktown horses, both of whom distinguished themselves at the late annual meeting-Mr. Chick's gray golding Johnny Smoker, winner of the Ladies' and Publicans. purses and the Forced handicap, and Mr. Wallace's gray gelding Doubtful, winner of the Cooktown "double ;" distance, two miles; weight, 9st. 3lb. bach. The affair is to come off this side of Christmas, and I fancy Johnny will be the conquering here. The advertising columns of the Queenslander are fast becoming an interesting study, as they fill with thoroughbred sires of all sorts of straws. Talk o' the Vale stands again at Charlotte Plains, and he is so good-looking a horse that one wishes more was recorded about his dam, for, though there is no doubt of his purity of blood, the absence of full particulars of one side of the house makes it a lottery to breed from him with racehorses in view. Messrs. Macartney and Mayne are stronger than ever, and they adver- tide Some rare blood in Hooton and Richard, late purchases from the other colonies, while Athel- ston, Argus, and Sack but are apparently bred by the firm. Atholsteiu is by Selim (son of Farhan -T-imp. Arab) out of Tully Athol by Cossack ; Argus by the defunct Alarm (son of Panic) out of a Bladensburg mare, The Queen ; and Sack but by Pundit out of Cymbal. Is this Pundit the Burnett horse got by The Barb out of Charity, by New Warrior, mine bred by Mr. F. Reynolds, N.S. Wales, in 1872! Bletchington stands again at Waterview, near Townsville, in company with Apollo, advertised as an " Arab stallion," but certainly not a pure bred Eastern horse. Epigram and Laureate serve as usual, the former at the Orange and the latter at Buaraba. Hyperion appears again, and takes legitimate advantage of his relationship to Baronet, which should secure him some patronage. Charles the First and his son Frolic serve at Morayfield, Caboolture the son's championship at the late National show having brought the pair a measure of fame. Elastic half-brother, Emigrant, stands at Nindooinbah, on the Logan. That beautifully bred and good-looking Sir Hercules holds his court again at Gatton and Tam O'shanter, as nicely bred as the best of them, " "jours no responsibility at Clifton, Caboolture, Mr. De Burgh Persse strikes out an original line for himself, and adven- uses a roadster or trotter in the impossible-to-pronounco Cetywayo and Mr. John W. Zillman, of Flagstone, is represented by a gray roadster stallion, Saracen, whom visitors to the exhibition of 1870 will recollect as a very promising dark-grey Silver Fox foal running in the ring at the foot of his mother, a big loose roomy though rather coarse mare, Lucy, by Chester Emperor. Although the nomination of sires for the Maryborough Sires' Produce Stakes closed on the 4th, the secretary has not furnished me with, a list of the horses named. From another source I learn that nine or ten stallions have been subscribed for, though I am not at liberty to publish the names. It is possible that the entries will not finally close until sufficient time has elapsed to allow of nominations posted up country before the 4th instant coming into the secretary's hands. I have made arrangements for the earliest official information, so that owners of mares may exercise their choice at once in selecting suitable stallions. English telegrams record the victory of Mr. Gratton's four-year-old colt Isonomy in the Doncaster Cup, one of the three classic weight for-age races in the old country. Jannotto, the best three-year-old of 1878, and winner of the St. Leger, Oaks, and Champion Stakes, ran second, and the Blair Athol horse, Glendale, third. The winner is probably the best stayer in England since Hampton began to decline, and is possibly the best horse in the world at two miles and upwards. The sporting papers from home give details of the doings at Goodwood, where Peter (3 years, 8st.) disqualified by the death of General Peel for the Derby winner of the Middle Park Plate, and got by Hermit, won the Stewards' Cup, a handicap of 300 sovs., 6 furlongs, in 2min. 19 sec. Twenty- nine ran. Parole was never in the hunt in the Goodwood Cup, although in receipt of 2 years and 134. from the winner ; but the American contingent seems to be formidable, notwithstanding the bursting of the Table bubble. The Duke of Westminster, grandson of that duke who occupies a niche in history as the owner of the brothers Touchstone and Launcelot, bids fair to follow in his ancestors footsteps at last, his two year-old chestnut colt Bend Or having won the Richmond Stakes of 500 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, 10 forfeit. The winner (bred in 1877 by his owner was got by Don- caster out of Rouge Rose, and it will be recollected that Doncaster was sold by Robert Peck to the duke for 14,000 guineas, or thereabouts. A man who pays that price for a stallion whose racing career Is Ever deserves an early victory with one of his get. The Murrumbidgee meeting was a highly successful one good horses and good racing. The Derby was won by Mr. Loder's colt The Pontiff, who was a class above the horses next him at the finish, and is a credit to his sire The Drum- mer. The Wagga Cup I have already noticed. The Produce Stakes fell to Britannia-probably a bay filly by The Drummer out of the imported Cathedral mare Britannia. In the Grand Stand Stakes, Belladrum gave 616. and a beating to the second in last year's Maribyrnong Plate, Baroness, and thereby showed himself a good horse at the distance for though Mr. Loder's filly never ran up to her "Plate " form since the Flemington spring meeting, she has shown herself a good filly on more than one occasion, her second to Chorister, giving him nearer 2st. than 1st-., being a more respectable performance than many imagined at the time ; while her victory in the mile handicap, on the third day at Murrumbidgee, with Gipsy Cooper behind her, bows that she still possesses no mean racing ability. The unlucky Drum Major ran second to Aristocrat in the Prince of Wales Stakes, and he must be about the worst or at least the most unreliable, of the Drummer's Stock, Swiveller ran a great horse in the Town Plate, having Belladrum and The Pontiff in waiting at the finish and the Steeplechase ended, as such affairs too often do end in Australia, in a most sorry exhibition and a degrading one. When will turf clubs cease to encourage these pitiful contests between weeds and cripples, more fit for the parks or knacker's yard than a racecourse in your correspondent's column on Saturday, the 27th ultimo, J. Carey" (Maryborough) receives the following answer to a question : We know of no horse named Old Kings. ton, Probably you mean the original Kingston, sire of the bay horse of the same name, imported to New South Wales as a yearling in 1861. Mr. Blenkiron's horse, who was a Derby winner, was a son of Venison out of England's Beauty, by Birdcatcher- Prairie Bird, by Touchstone Zillah, by Reveller." Mr. Blenkiron's Kingston never won the Derby; that race was never won by a horse of the name. Nor is the pedigree of Mr. Blenkiron's Kingston given correctly ; he was got by Venison, but his dam was Queen Anne, by plane. Imported Kingston's dam was England's Beauty, by Irish Birdcatcher, c. [" Whalebone" is quite right. We read vertly gave the pedigree of the size of the colonial Kingston instead of the pedigree of the horse to which we supposed our correspondent referred. SroitTiNO Ed. Q ] Cooper's Plains races are announced, in the calendar of races to come," for November 10, on which date the holiday in honor of the Prince of Wales' birthday will be kept the 9th being on a Sunday. I have seen no programme yet, but there is plenty of time, for the promise of a day's racing with good prizes for kings of all classes under the auspices of the Q T.C., will keep horses in work from now to the end of the year. The tide of racing is now at its lowest ebb in this colony ; but, to change the figure, the winter of our discontent is glorious summer to our Southern sister Victoria, where race meeting to race meeting succeeds in rapid succession, and each of high class, during the next five months, for we may include the Tasmanian gatherings in the Victorian circuit. In New South Wales the game will be rather tame until December 18, when the Exhibition meeting comes off, though, by the way, they generally manage a nice country meeting at Shoalhaven ; but until the New Year, indeed as far on into the au time as the first week in March, Victoria claims the lion's share of attention, and absorbs nearly all racing interest. The writer of these notes would feel like one who treads alone some banquet hall deserted, whose lights are fled, whose garlands dead, and all that he departed, were it not for the assurance of sympathy from his country readers, who like himself are fastened to their stakes and cannot Hy. And now that our own Cup, and the Derby, and the Two year-old Stakes are over and done with now that there is no object in life for us Queenslanders who may not migrate South ; when no information on turf topics'cameB in from North or South, orglowing West or Eight-oar poor Henry Kendall has it, in that unhappy Exhibition poem, which reminds me more of a force-pump with a weak valve and lack of grease than of anything else it is legitimate to turn for some measure of consolation to the great handicap of Australia, and forgot our sorrows in the cup that inebriates a hundred, I fear, for every one that it cheers. I allude to the Melbourne Cup, which will be run in a little over three weeks from to-day. If the betting be a guide, the easiest of winners on record will be Socuudus, who isntoxaotly half the odds, 10 to 1, offered against anything else ; while the " runners up will be Le Loup, 8st. 4lb.; Suwnrrow, 6st. lib., at 100 to 5 each; with Sweetmeat, 9st. 10lb.; South Hamilton, Cat. 1246.; and Falmouth, 9st. 4lb., at a point more hundreds to four. At present there are seventy-nine left in from Chester, 9st. 10lb., down to a batch of five, handicapped at Cat. Albanian., 1st. 2lb., or 3lb. more than News. below him. Charter of course is reckoned by the handicappers the best of the five-year-olds, at about 2lb. over High weight for-age ; Bosworth the best of the three year-olds, at 8st. 5lb,, or 91. under his weight-for-age ; Baronet and Aver mia, the pick of the three-year-olds, at 7st. lib. each, or about 3lb. over their weight- for-age ; while of those over five years, Richmond, at list. 3lb,, is of course most highly esteemed. This w<;:'k however I propose to deal only «;!,,0'h the higher weights, ranging from Orator. <]""," to Warlock, the last of five SM leave the island" of 7st. 7lb. to eas"y . nuts 95 yds 10s j give j,,, hesitation in saying I like Warlock best, at 2lb. less than his weight- for-age. He is a IColpio colt, who was very near the top of the tree as a three-year-old, and unless he meets with some unforeseen accident he is sure to be a better four-year-old. Bosworth, in 8st. 5lb,, has a little too much to make his chance a very rosy one, though I think he holds all those above him safe enough, as we may look for more improvement in him than in any of the others, Newminster is a better horse, oven over a two-mile course, than very many imagine him to a", ;">'' there is little time Lu should have won his Derby ; but I am not very sanguine about him here, a horse 1 like much better being Lo Loup, whom we never yet saw at his best, I am convinced, though he ran an excellent horse, when far from as fit as he could be made, at the Randwick autumn meeting, 011 two occasions namely, when 110 Bill Wellington in the Cumberland, and when he mu second to Petrea in the Autumn Maiden Stakes, fashion 'is lost by only half a length, after a clean race ; giving the filly less than weight-for-age it is true, for she carried a penalty that raised her weight to Get. 1918., Le Loup's impost being 8st. 10lb. ; but behind the leading pair wore The Baroness, Gst. lib,, and Avernus, then at the zenith of his two year-old fame, Oat. 318. In the Cumberland Stakes, though beaten by Chester, the crack had to race to win, and Lo Loup was a long way in front of Wellington, to whom he was giving 151\. On the last day he finished in front of Bosworth, but I attach no great importance to the order in which the three finished. for the A.J.C. Plate, three miles, which was only run for about a third of the distance, the chrono- graph showing Giniu. 40sec. us Chester passed the post. Excuses were made for the poor figure cut by the champion, and we may accept them as valid ; but excuses were also offered for Lo Loup'fl defeats which are entitled to equal consideration. Tocal now and again runs a very good animal, but I don't fancy a Barb for a Melbourne Cup. Wellington will run better this spring than he ran in the autumn, when he was far from himself, and the older they grow the better the Panics run. Democrat has a nice weight to carry, but his Metropolitan and Sydney Cup victories, to my mind, proved his great good luck rather than his merit. Andover doesn't like two miles, and Lochloigh I don't' care for until he has done the good thing he has been going to do so long. Strathearn lost his chance of Clip immortality when he went wrong last year, did I don't expect him to be in the first three this time, for the Barbs don't improve, but rather get worse, with age. Tom Kirk and Columbus are a dangerous pair to be dead against, still I don't think they are either of them quite up to winning a handicap of this calibre. Levant, on his running with Richmond in South Australia, is very favorably handicapped for, if Mr. Jellott's old champion has the ghost of a chance at 9st. 3lb., Levant is a certain winner, on paper, lit 24th, Jan j still I think the handicapper was right in his " reckoning up " of the pair, and indeed it is difficult to account for Richmond's weight being an ounce less than lOst. Savanaka at level weights with Richmond is sure to find backers, but, as he is a mouoy-makiugorgumbiiiig machine rather than a racehorse, I decline, as a discreet and prudent prophet, to say a word for or against him. Of the above lot I like Le Loup, Bosworth, Wellington, Richmond, and Warlock best at present ; the champion is doing rattling good work, and stand it gallantly. In my final Cup notes these generals of division will be submitted to a weeding process. Next week I propose to take the brilliant lot handicapped between 7st. 7lb. and 6st. 7lb. The following description of points of the true white game fowl from the Live Stock Journal will interest fanciers here, especially as there was some difference of opinion as to some of the points of the white game shown in Bowen Park in July last. "First, style ; second, hard plumage, white if possible but a yellowish tinge not to disqualify ; third, bright yellow legs and bill, not white-the latter color looks sickly contrasted with the white plumage, and moreover has a suspicion of white Dorking crop. Lastly, and not least, a bright red eye and face," 