ENGLISH TELEGRAMS LONDON, Ivlarch 8. The money market is er.«i:T. The accumulation of gold in the Bank of England continues, and now amounts to 18|- millions. The rone of tbe wool market is relaxed, and prices have receded, the fall being most strongly m--irked in resnect to cros-breds atid inferior greasv. The corn market is strong, with an upward tendency. Australian wheat is fl^i:n,r ex store at 50s. to 51s. per 49G lbs. aeordingr to the quality ; an! Kevv Zealand at 44s. to 48s. The coppi-r market is quiet in the absence of speculative, purchases. Australian has declined 10^. Tin is in steady demand. The quotation i? £63. The Polytechnic in London has been destroyed by fire. The Greek raiders in the Island of Thessaly have been repulsed by the Turks afiera bloody encounter. Tjie negotiations for lhe purchase of the Australian cable for the purpose of connecritig Aden with Natal have been temporarily broken off, with very Iittfe chance of a favorable issue. The Bonrd of Trade returns of the exports from the United Kingdom for the month of February are very unfavorable. <t The sales of tin in Holland will be held on the 20 h inst., when 23,00.0 slabs of Banca will b- offered. The German Parliament lias rejected tbe Bill to enforce Parliaraentarv discipline. Sentence of death hag been passed on 1 Passananti, the assassin who attempted to murder the King of Italy on the 17th of November last. In consequence of ihe difficult s of lhe financial condition of the. island of Cuba the S sanish Ministry has ivsio-eed. A new Ministry has, however, been formed by Senor Campos . March 9. Tbe general situation in Natal remains unchanged. Colonel Pearson has succe-ffully maintained himself at kkowe, and repulsed with enormous loss a large number of Zulus, pursuing them as they retreated for a long dist mce. The hostile and threatening attitude of the Boers iu Transvaal is the cause of great anxiety. The British ironclad squadron will return to Besika B*y in a few days, as the Russian troops have reoccupied Adrianople. According to a Russian official sfa'emenf, the plague has disappeared at Astrakan. March 10, Numerous British manufacturers have asked for space at the approaching Meibeurne International Exhibition. Tbe Belgian, Dutch, and French Governments are also taking steps for the adequate representation of their respective countries. March 10. The total quantity of wheat afloat amounts to 1,316,000 quarters, an increase of 13,000 upon last week's return. Adelaide wheat, per 496 lb. ex storehouse, is quoted 49.s. 6d. to Adelaide flour, per 28° ex warehouse, stands at. 31s. li^sfc Australian beef tallow is quoted at 33^. 6d., aud best Australian mutto/i at 35s. The stock of tallow in London by the last returns was 14,500 casks. Tin is £1higher. Both Straits and Australian are to-day quoted at £64. Copper is unchanged. Bnrra stands at £62 10s. and Wallaroo at £63 10s. Colouial securities are unchanged. At the wool sales to-day 8,000 bales were offered. Prices continue quiet. A Turkish rebellion has broken out iu Bulgaria. JAMES Pine, A. Hitchox and J. Clements, young lads of about 17 years of a^e, were charged at the Wallaroo Police Court on Thursday the 12th inst., with using indecent language in a public place, and were sent to jail for 21 days. THE workmen at VvaKama sic making subscription'; for the assistance oI the men on strike at Grawler. The Salamanca is beinj* rapidly loaded with wheat at Port Victoria. She has been chartered by Messrs. J. Darling and :ion. Messes Malcohm &Co.;, of Wallaroo, are getting on rapidly with the restoration •of their mill, and before long will again have everything in working oruer. fSUBUfiBAN blocks arc being surveyed •around Snowton and will soon be in the markat. From present appearances this rising township bids fair to becouic a good business centie. Messers. Thompson and lie;siv are .setting on rapidly with their concract on the _ : Safs. ab'jct fifty men at work, and there is we understand room for more good hands. We understand that P.G. Cock who was recently transferred from Moonta to Wailaroo. v, ii' be stationed at Moonta Bay, (he Constab'e on duly there takes Constable •Cock's place at Wallaroo. Os Wo'lne-dsy the 12th ins!-. a fire started on the rcadhiue between Maifcland and jLT.lrossan, about four miles from the former t)wn, and. spread rapi-.lly in the scrub to the south-east whic-li is very thick in th ;t diieciion. Luckily there are no farms near and the only damage th-.t we have hoard of being done was to the tele; ranh poles -sbveral of which iveri burnt ilmvn. 55r. Vatvkins. the Chief Vis : tor rf s-Lor Is is on ihe Peninsula at present, and we umlei - s^an i a census of the school jroing children i-; being taken for the purpose of properly scheduling ti.cn. At Kadina it has been found that the number of children ationdiim Mr. Sullivan's school is much larger than ihe present building can accommodate, and the numb r would be mu'-h larger if nmp'c accomodation were provided, 'ihe 3teed of a new Government school in that town is greatly felt. Ian llev. J. Nicholson, whose reeent bereavfcinent has greatly affected his health, acting under Dr. Archci's advice, left Moonta on Tuesday-morning with the I>ev. II. T. Burgess, witli whom he will stay at Kapuada for a short time. We understand ariangetnents have been m tde for the Rev. Johnson ^avue-, of ltiverton, to C'>ine to Moonia Cir&ujr;, as a supply during Mr. Nicholson's abs-3iice. The Rev. J. b. Stephenson is expected to return to Moonta this evening. _ A JJJ5ETING of the residents of Pen an £ was held at Mr. J. Hancock's on Friday evening last to con-ider the reply which had been received from the Government concerning ihe application made for providing a •water supply for the ix- iglfborliood. Mr. J. Hancock presided. in the rep'y it was I stated that after an examination of the ground at Ajery, the Government official > was of the opinion that it would not hold well. After seme discussion it was resolved that the Government be aske I to construct a tank as the farmers badly needed some better provision than they now had. SOME short snne ago the Kadina and Wall.iroo Board of Advice sent in a request to the Minister of Education, asking that a number of children might be put on the free list, .• s because of the stoppage of the mines a great number of the men wtie ab>ent in other parts of the colony looking for work, and they ihou^ht auch ca-es v ; r-re deserving of consideration. The Minister of Education was very courteous in his reply and adopted the recommendation cf the Board at once, by giving instructions that in :_11 such eases as they deemed proper, fr-e education should be given to the children for the next six-montus, when the case of the district would again be considered. On Tuesday the last of the" water in the Green's Plains East dam was pumped out. Tiie Cocoau'Jt dam has been empty now for three weeks, and the farmers in that locality will shortly hc in great straits f. r water if rain does not come. Some of them have made some provision for themselves and stock by storing that which they could ' get from the dams, but theie are others t who wiil at once have to come in to the Bald Hills reservoir, a distance of from 15 to 20 miles, according to their location, as that is no a' t be nearest place from which they can obtain water. It is absolutely necessary that some further provision be made for the storage of water th< fta farming loea'ities. as with the increase of population there will be an increase of consumption, and we have ample eviocnca in this years' experience tbjit the present provision is not nearly sufficient to tide over one diy J summer. It is to be hoped that the Government will speedily improve the existing ] state of things either by the construction of more reservoirs or make some attempt at providing something ia the shape of a permanent ; supp'3*. Lecture —On Monday evening last the Rev. H. T. Burgess delivered a lecture on the " Religion of Astronomy " in connection with the anniversary services of the Moonta Wcsleyan Church. Captain Deeble occupied the chair and introduced the lecturer in a brief and appropriate speech. The lecturer said that some thought that there was no connection between religion and astronomy. They held that the one was a system of faith and morals and the other a system of scien- tific facts. But as a man's faith was largely influenced by his knowledge he thought there was a direct connection between the two. God's truth was shown in His word and in His works an i a man should be able to read both and to see the harmony that existed between the two, for truth was always harmonious, and if a want of harmony existed there must be a hitch somewhere. Each science was a distinct revelation of God. Geolosy revealc-d Him in the foundations <>f the earth, botany in the flowers, physiology in the human form and Astronomy in the heavens, and the practised eye could see the finger of God in all these things. After refering to the hostility that had once existed between scientific men and theologians, and which was now rapidly dying out, he dwelt on the proof* that astronomy gave of the existence of G >d, and of His power, wisdom and eternity. Laplace's theory of the creation of worlds was refer, ed to, and the conclusion deduced from it that though true it would not affect the argu - ment for the existence of a God. a* it was even grander to conceive the. A mighty speaking all the worlds into being at: dice, than merely to create a single world at a time, and if the woilds were evolved from nebulous matter according to law there must be a law-giver somewhere. The magnitude, distance, number and velocity of thG heavenly budie-; were dilate:! upon as illustrating the infinity eternity and grandt:rv of the Supreme Creator, and thelectuier wound up with an appeal to his audience to study the works of God in creation. The choir assisted by Mrs. Maddern and some members at the Moonta Mines choir rendered some pieces of music during the evening, but it was evident that they were placed at a disadvantage through not having pracii-ed the pieces together previously. A collection was taken up for the benefit of trust funds and the evening's proceedings were brought to a close with the customary votes of thanks and the doxology. Mr. R. Lovelock, of near Ardrossan, lo-t seven hoises worth £40 each on Friday lad. They £Qt into the wheat and eat a quantity which resulted in their death. The water supply at Kapunda is very limited. The Peak D >WN3 Mine, Queensland, suspended operations on Saturday last. Australian copper has again receded in price 10 per ton. Fheep ate dying in greai nuinb^is in the Kontl"-east, m consequence of the cciilini.cd drought. Foxnt linndre.l :.nd fi'toon Chinese have arrived «t Port D.irwtn and another thousand are expected iii a few dt.ys. It is reported that a valuable <;o' ha- been discovered at Ravcnswood Qacens i la> d. Twentv-ONB candidates presented themsel.-es for the University mati iculation examination on Tiiesda}-. The Supreme C urt Sittings commenced on Wednesday 1 a-i. There were f?8 eases down for Iria'. A rohbery of £500 worth of jewellery is reported as h-ivini/ taken place at. the Spencer street way Station Melbourne. W. H. Harms, Auctioneer, of Stratha'hy-rs, li:;s bee:; arrested on three separate chaiges of forgery, on the National B.mk. The LobeUm! tweed Company is about to be wt und tip voluntarily as its present liabilities are too heavy to allow it to carry on business. Foley and ITieken have been prevented by the Viciofian Police fro:n mauling each other in a prize hirht and h.-ive been bour;d over to keep the peace for 12 months. Tin-: Port f il ie eoirespondent of the A'orthenr Ars/iis writes :—" I notice a gicat many f.ellcsr—miners and others—coming from Moonta by the Euro and Emu every w.-.-ek.' 1 A wII13at-RING to operate .e^-aiiist pr-- dueers in Sydney has been <-£po-ed A siinilsir riier was altemj.»ted in Melbourne to control tiie Sydney maiket, but it has bee.) broken up. Tin: natives in Q iconsl;tnd are pr .vine exceedingly troub csein«: At Creek tfi y 1-:i.led five ;r.,en and a boy. and made a feast on their b dies. Two ni;:;i have, a'so been mrrdered near Passion Dj-.vns. Th13 Port Augusta peojj'e r.ve expei :er/ci;)g some it:co!iVeiiie;.ce because of the long continued cry weather. They comp'ain i.hat t:;e jailway contmctors a'e con-itmitie too muc.i v.-.-iter tiovn the supply that should be reserved for the tov, 'i. A Otr^ named O'H.il lor .in was fined 40?. litld c.'ist-: I'm; ! > ort Adt-i.'iide poljt.j cusilt on Alarch 10, for sending an ugly va'entine. with an indecent letter on the fly leaf, to a woman named lliller. An Adrprti.s'r telegram states that reliable intelligence is said to have been obtained tiiac the Keily f;ang are working their ••vay through the mallee scrr.b/ along *Jie ilnrrny Hirer with the ob- c-t of being able 10 get. to ti;e Darling and then on to Qoeenshi'id. K-ite Kedly Ikit, taken up her quarters at the Rose Hotel. Albany. Tde Adw fixer's Sydney correspondent t.ilegraphs—" There was a rrreat gathering at V.e->r-. llnd^-.n Broihurs 1 establisbsnent to driy. At b:ilf- past 2 o'clock two lo-s weie placed on saw benches, and at 4.15 they were transformed into railway truck--, painted, ami placed complete on a t a 1 .! w-y i«ne. Other similar mechanical wonders were witnessed." : The opening of the new iron bridie 1 aeto-s the TWuriay having been vexanou-ly nelayed for Piimetii'ie. after it w;;^. ti'ii .Led, t ie inhab'tants of .'v-L-rciand M<.n;:ia held, a meeting, and decided to tak'c the matter in their own hands. They accordir.ijly broke down Ihe barriers on each sr!« of the bridge, and dec'ared it open for traffic. A Letteit from a gentleman :.( Blinman has bee i banded to u- (P. A• TJhyoirh) in which the writer mentions that u load of wheat grown by Mr. X. Kir.van, at Won- ka. ha r been brought by tiie grower to B inman, and there sold at, a satisfactory i price—0per bufrhel. This has chi ' purchased for seeding purpose-, n ' from two ; or three thousand acies of ]a;;d has alreaoy been taken r.p in the Hundred of <"arr, i which is situtaied on Boord's Plains, near to and eastward of the />'inman .oine ; and totne of tho.=e who have lived longest in the I j neighborhood express t ieir entire conG enc - i in the suitability of this land (and also of j the climate in an average season) for the : 1 production of wheat. | TliB Crystal Brook Farmer's Association j h"ld th'-ir first meeting, at which there j was a very good attendance, on March 8t.h. ' I A discission was entered into as to the desirability of the Government employinj i an agricultural chemist, and a res >hrion 1 was passed aflSrmintr the necessity of such j | an appointment. The strike of the work- :; men at Messrs. Marl in & Go's also came on for di-cu sion, and th followin > resolution was pasi=e I :—" That this Association, ueing convinced that, the eiL'ht-hours system has ; : bieti the cause of inTease in the cost of S machinery used by farmers, considers a re- turn to the o d system rendered imperative !.y ihe general depression in trade caused by failure of the crops." Ilollo rai/f! Ointment and Pills—The blood beinsr the very essence of health and life it is most essential that it should be thoroughly purified before the depressing influences of winter di^p'ay them=elves. These Pills "ill accomplish this purification in a tafe and satisfactory manner, and put the 1 circulation in that desirab'e condil.ioTi, J which alone can rightly form flesh, bone'. ' muscle, nerve, and skin. Capricious ap- ( petiles. weak digestions, torpid liveis and irregular bowels arc; correc'ed by this potent medicine., which may be truly said to induce a sane tirn l in a sound boly." Hol'to. way's Pills possess the remarkable property i;f i-ie-msing without weakening. While pa ifying they are strengthening and adding to those employments of life which health and vigeur can alone bestow» The Cutninal Sittings of the Supremo Couitcomuienced on i'uestlay the 11th iust. The Orient-Liner, John Elder, arrived at the Semaphore on Wednesday. She brings letters and papers dated January 30. Her passengers numbered COO, most. f whom arc for the other colonies. Amongst those for Adelaide, wh notice the name of f our old Mem be.' - , J. J. Dunc.'in, Esq. A IS order Watch correspondent says : \- The township of Penola was thrown into j cnsidcrablc excitement on the night of j Monday by a report t'lat the Keliys v,eie in I town. Ali the available force of policemen and detectives, together with, their secret :iids were ruthlessly roused from their enzy beds. Mac's Hotel was surrounded, an- ! revolvers were so fieciy pointed at the windows that atone pesiod matters began to assume a serious aspect, but it soon ait ended 1,1 smoke, and the knowing ones enjoyed a heaity laugh at the expense of the bhie ; It appears that the Victorian correspondent j of the B rds-r Waie.k. along with three j other tolerably well-mounted im-n whom he j had accidentally fallen in with on the road, j loped .„ o the townsnip at a late hour, and henee thcaarm. lilt; Stiamcr Barrabool ran i-fo ihe Steamer B uune D.jndee March lO'.h, when off iicdhead. Newcastle. K'y.r .South Wale-j. i'lie Bonnie Dundee was | cut to the water's edje and -ank i,i about j fiiur rainute- - . ^ An Advertiser telegram i si;;ti-< t;;:ii. >'n)l iiic women on board the ' Bonnie D-.p.-e'ee were <]rowne,l. 'J hey were : and 3-liss B;oivn, Mrs. Du.'ald, Mrs. , Wi-ito, and the S«.ewaid«;-:s. I^e cabin boy i w.'is al-o lo-'. C :i>i.ain P> iii.ie had his \ c-r sui-.-Si -d. 'i'iie 15 rrabool h-id a hole knovkbe! Iter w.itertigiit <'ompart- . ed i i iti'.r evv/s. ment savs.-d 1;. l Ti-.e ';'-i:ne of ihe ac:;iilent . is laid on the Dundee by swc. and | bv other he B ••rab.i 1. Ti.e lost. ve«s wis inured fi-r . surance C = inp...ny. which amount was partly rein si! red." T!i! is the same steamer thai r.-uj into the Queensland off Port Phillip Heads >ome'jmy ago. A C''!n!!]>p:.'NDi:N'T of the Port Avgvstn TJi-yjitic/t s-vs :—An engine uag.-ons, cont iiniri.; r.sil'.vav mateiials. &c.;, left th-: station «t a out 4 u'c t.'ek on Monday morning, Mare'h 3. forth Kin-en Mi e C mm. .Several pc admiring the l.—autiful effeet produced by the sparks fro»i thee gine, when jn-t after entering the hills this side of Saliia, tlieir aduiirnti n w.-ts turned to dismay, as the guard from the end trucks .seen leaping from one truck to another in an cxeited m nine:-, exel drnin* A lire in the powder ttuek.' Of conr.se the driver stopped the engine :it once. Tile tiue!-: in whieh the five was. conlained, besi 'e-3 t'-o's for workmen, 12 kegs of gunpo*vder. t-aeh containing oO lbs. The guiird Ik for -' leaving the end truck ui";coupled the ia-,f. three under the impres- «-on that there was no o'her chance of escaping des'ruction than by leaving such dangerous ccmp'iny behind as soon as full » ;,eed could • o it. Mr. Hartison. an overseer on. the line, v.-,-- pa^engcr. He took a bucket, fid.'.] i: from the lendor, and rushed to the sixth truck containing the powdt-r, and after using f'.nr bitckeis of write, the fite extinguished, the other passengi.-rs I'^avin^ the tn.in and rmitiinc in various direction?. The onlv "es t n l- the ])->wder tr.'o ba.-.-=. n;:e < which w.-is tot.illy destroyed and the ol er partially, The end of e ke/ contaiiiing po'.vo'er was charred almost ti'troatiii second one being a!so slight:y i-: TlIKilK is a irh-wL Rivol Rav. A c .r.-espo-ident to the South Ea*t Sitr h.!^ he.jid the tory a ad the following i-ilie f(;ie^::un which lie sctit to the head < fl'cu :—"An extraordinary su ornatural j oc.'Urrenc i '.vhich i-; f.-ii-l itjliave taken Placc «.n t'.ie coast between lie re and Kivoli Ray is cie:it in.? pri-ar sen -itl ion here. • Walter rt!:d Wi:l|a;:) Catri-i>n h.-n-e he- n at work for £ .ine iittlc iii:e j*ni:ii^ f,:l from the \vh.;le \- t.i •i vicinity and after night fall. Just at the twilight Willi m C.inivivi was loading hi; gun for a last shot, when :;!) at once lie l.eard a hideous yell and tiKnhv.T hi-; eyes in the direction f.om whence the sou ad proceeded, he obs-ived what appealed (o tie a man of rath r naii ; ua"iiy tail stature making towards him. C^ rison looked with a fixed gaze at the ohj and it appeartul so -.vt-ird and unearthly that his b'oo.l began to cliili and his hair to biistle. On it came atid ns it approached yell'-d again, Cii iison then jjnt a cap on his gun, and taking aim fired at the object iiicii appears I to sink into the ground out of sight and h-fl no trace behind. At the s ame Waller Cat ! ison who was about a mile from hi.-; brotl or, saw a similar apparition, and havitnr hi-; gun loaded and capped at the time, fired, i lie object, too, appeared to k' 5VC '••hot rind m -'.id into the air. The people hero bdievc th.: ul: st or ghosts a r e of fome p'-;-r;n ,'};• pers^ms v.djo h ive been murdered n'.';.r the spot where they weie seen." 