A MUS EMU NTS. There was a crowded house at the Theatre Royal last night to witness " II. jr. S. Pinafore," and num bers ivcnt away not finding room. Tho perform ances showed a marked improvement in every respect. The singing was, with some slight excep tions. excellent, and the choruses worn i-iven with spirit and animation. The performers, too, felt more at homes and played with more freedom and vivacity. As the public become more familiar with the concep tion of the performance as now presented at tlie Royal, its merits become more apparent, and it certainly grows in public favour. The acting of the piece bv the Kelly and Leon troupe had accustomed the public to a somewhat broad and free ren dering of it, and in comparison tho present piece as played at the Royal seemed at first tame : but beyond question more of the fun of the former per formance was caused by the gag introduced, and by comic business not usually associate! with " Pina fore." The present representation is truer to tho text, and the comedy is of a loss farcical character, but very amusing. Jr. Williamson's rendering of tho part of the Admiral resembles Jfr. Lingard's rather than Jlr. Kelly's. Last night he plaved with ease and humour, and sung the songs well — one great merit in his sing ing being his clear articulation of the words, so that everybody could understand tho text. Maggie Jtoore as Josephine could not bo charged with lack of humour and spirit last evening. She was encored in some of her songs, and is certainty becoming a great favourite with the audience. Mr. South's Captain Corcoran was well played and sung through out. His rendering of the song "For I am the Cap tain of the Pinafore" was capital. JCr. llainford managed to infuse a certain amount of grim humour into tlie part of Dick Deadeye. Jlr. Vernon Reid, in the part of Ralph Rackst'raw, gave his songs very nicely, but there is still room for improvement in his acting. Jliss St. Clair as Buttercup, and Jtiss Deorwyn as Hebe, played with their usual excellence, though the former is at a disadvantage in the comparison with the broad performance of Leon. Tho general mounting of the piece is excellent, hut oxception might he taken to the presence of the marine who acts as sentry during the confidential interviews of the chief performers. Sir Joseph Porter would scarcely make a declaration of love under the circumstances. We are really glad to notice tho marked improvement in the performance of tho piece and its growing popularity, masmuoli as we felt constrained on its first representation to give expression to our disappointment with some of tho chief performers. At the Victoria Theatre the romantic drama of "Hermes" and the amusing farce of "The Missing Ghost" were produced Inst night. "The Bottle Imp" will bo played to-morrow night, with some extra ordinary effects, which will illustrate the wonders of "metempsychosis" in an cntcroly novel manner. The drama of "Writinc oil the Wall" and "Tho Irish Immigrant" wore played at the Queen's Theatre last night. To-night a complimentary benefit will he tendered to the popular aetor, Jtr. Sam Emory, when the prizes will be presented to the winners at "the late walking tournament. At Burton's Circus the same programmes which lias been played with so much success during tho week was repeated. To-morrow a matinee will toko place, - and at night nil entirely new programme will be given, introducing several novelties. This afternoon Professor Pepper will deliver the second of his course of popular and scientific lectures at the Victoria Theatre, the subject being " Light." Several very interestiag groups have been added to Jlr. Ghcloni's interesting collection of lifelike and illustrative collection of wax figures in Pitt- street. These latter additions are well ontitled to add to this hitherto attractive exhibition, and will no doubt secure a fair share of public patronage. The Guild Hall will he re-opcaed to-morrow night for n short operatic season, when Signora Fabris, .Miss Sherwin, Jlrs. Ryan, Jlr. J. Hinchey, Jtr. A. Tormaghi, Signor Pouipei, and n number of amateurs will take part. 