NEWS OF THE DAY. The rumours that come to hand in referenco to tho Kelly outlaws aro simply bewildering. Tho Malrashury affair, ns will bo seen from our telegram, has been traced thoroughly, and turns out to he a veritable enso of three black crows." Were it not for tho seriousness of the subject, these absurd proceedings would he amusing. There aro still most contradictory statements afloat as to tho men reported to be at large in the Lachlan district. A telegram from our Hay correspondent last evening, too late for publication, informed us that tho Euabolong police had come up with the men, nnd found that thoy wero not the Kellys. To- day this statement is discredited, so that we are as much in the dark as ovor, al" though iuclinod to believe that tho police have overhauled the four men and (lis- covered that thoy wero not tho gang wanted. The Malmsbury affair was generally (lis credited from thefirst. Wo aro nowiu a po.iitio:i to stato that tho Kellys had nothing to do with tho scare, although the exact facts are rather obscure. From various correspondents we have received accounts varying very considerably, but as we cannot toll which is the most accurate we give them all.1 It will also bo seen that accounts from Hay are conflicting. As an instance of the rumors that get about, the following, which was sent to us this morn ing from Moonoo Ponds, may he takon as a sample : — Some excitement was caused this morning through intelligence received that the Kelly gang were in tho neigh borhood. A man, named John Frank lin, desreibing himself ns a shearer, states that he was stuck up at one o'clock this morning, about three miles from Essendon, on tho Mount Alexander road. Ho knows well it was the Kellys, being personally acquainted with Ned. Thoy opened his swag, but finding nothing in it, left. He describes them as being well mounted, and seemed to bo well armed. The whole thing is, of course, absurd. On inquiry at tho Alfred Hospital this morning, wo learn that the railway porter Anthony, who suffered such frightful injuries at the Prahran station last evening, passed a quiet night, and was doing as well as could be expected. Both of Anthony's feet wore out off by the train, and his legs had to be amputated below tho knee. Messrs Smith and Bosisto,|M.L.A.'s, waited upon the lion, the Minister of llailways this morning, and directed his attention to a pro mise given hy him some time since to send a surveyor to examine and report upon the drainage and other works necessary in con nection with the suburban railway line at Richmond. Mr Woods promised to send a surveyor out at the beginning of next week. Mails for tho United Kingdom, Continent of Europe, and places via the United King dom, will he made up for the s.s. Kent, adver tised to sail on the 2!lth inst. Correspondence bearing tho usual rates of postage, if specially ' addressed "Pel s.s. Kent," will he forwarded by this vessel. Such portion of the mail as may he marked "Aria Brindisi " will be landed at Suez, and forwarded by that route to destination by first opportunity. The other portion of her mail will be carried 011 to England in the Kent. Letters and packets, ordinary and registered, will be taken up to 9.30 a.m. 011 the 20th inst. ; newspapers, 8.30 a.m. on the 20th inst. ; late fees on ordi nary letters, 10 a.m. 011 the 20th inst. Mr T. W. Jackson, Deputy-Postmaster- General, was this morning sworn in as a magis trate for tho Central Bailiwick before his Honor Mr Justice Barry, in chambers. Thomas O'Connor, tho hotel thief, whoso visits to the several hotels in Collingwood and West Melbourne were followed hy robberies of cash from bedrooms, the particulars of whioh have already been published in The Heiiai.d, was tbrought before the City Court this morning, nnd two cases having been proved conclusively against him, he was sen tenced to two years' imprisonment, with hard labor. Last night, about eight o'olock, two mon, named M'Cabe, dragged into the Melbourne look-up a young man of respectable appear ance, named George Watson, nnd Frederick M'Cabe charged him with assault and robbery on the previous night. The statement wa3 that lie had £20 on his person; that lie had got into a cab with the prisonerjit the corner of Bourke| md Stephen streets, that they had driven towards St. Kilda, and had botli got out below the barracks and gone together down the flat, where Watson seized him by tho throat, threw him down, tore his chain from his watch, put his hand in his trousers pocket, and abstracted the money. Watson was detained in the lock-up till this morning, When I10 was brought before the City Bench. When Frederick M'Cabe was put the box, he was unable to give any account of what hail occurred on the night of the alleged robbery, . for he was helplessly drunk. He could not pro duce the cabman, and Mr Kane, who appeared fortho defence, saidthnt both tho M'Cabe3were ion Constable Holland's list of persons to be kept under surveillance, as malting their living as chevaliers d'industrie. Inspector Larner wished to get a remand, to allow him to en deavor to procure the cabman, but Mr Panton refused, and the accused, who is tho son of a highly respectable tradesman, was dis charged. We are sorry to hear that Mr John Thomas Smith, member for West Bourke, is seriously indisposed. The actions of the Kelly gang havojproduced a very unwholesome effect on -the larrikins of Melbourne, as jis daily exemplified, and this morning three incipient followers in the same track, whose ages range from twelve to fifteen, named William Skinner, John Skinner and George Whiteoak, were charged at the Colling wood Court with stickingup a lad named Norris on Thursday morning. It seams that Norris wes going on a message in Brunswick street, when the threo prisoners caught hold of him and told him to "bail up." Thoy then rifled his pockets for money, but found nothing ex cept a small knife, which they took and left him lamenting. The bench inflicted a fine of 10s. 011 eacli of the delinquents, and hoped it would teach the.rn a lesson 111 future. The laborers lately employed in the Railway department landing silt, but who are 011 strike, assembled at the Commissioner's office yester day morning to get his decision in the matter of their wages, and also concerning tho dis charge of the two men who formed their deputation. Mr Laurens, M.L.A., ap peared 011 helialf of the men. After waiting until evening, and when several of the men had left, Mr Woods told the re mainder that they could go to work at the reduced rate of lOAd. per hour for a week or so, as lie intended to call tenders nnd let the work by contract; but ho refused to pay them at the old rato of Is. per hour which they have been receiving for many years, both from the Harbor Trust and the Government, All the men assembled this morning and heard the decision. They felt astonished at Sir Woods, as tiiey think tho Government should not encourage tile reduc tion of wages, andfrefused to go to work at the reduced rate. Great indignation is felt by tho meii 011 strike at a statement made concern ing them hy a Metropolitan paper this morn ing, which was totally erroneous. Peter Travel's is one of "the greatest ruffians in the city," according to the police. He has been fined several times for insulting be haviour, obscene language, assaults, etc., and he once broke a constable's leg, for which I10 suf fered a term of imprisonment. This mprning lie was tile centre-figure of a scene in the City Court. He was charged with insulting be haviour in a public place, and with assaulting the constable who arrested him. Thoro was 110 doubt of tile truth of the evidence, as given, and Mr Wilton, who was presiding, inflicted fines of £0 and £10, with optional terms of im prisonment of three and six months. Travel's lias always paid fines wlion they have been inflicted, and lie smiled when ho heard tho decision. Towards the ond of tbo case, however, Mr Panton had entered tlio court and taken his seat on the bench, and as tiie prisoner was turning to leave, the magis trate said : " And now I call upon you to show cause why you should not be hound to keep tile peace, and failing your showing it; to find two sureties of £200 eacli for your good be haviour for a period of twelve mouths." This decision seemed to fall witli a very depressing effect on Travers, who left the dock much less confidently than lie entered it. Landlords of hotels have to put up with a great deal of imposition from loafers and otliers, who Jiang about their premises, but they are seldom, it is to be hoped, victimised for " threepenny worths " by men who have be tween £30 and £10 in Post Offico Savings Banks. Yet last night an old bushman wont into tho John Bull Tavern, and having callod for a drink, drank it nnd then point-blank re fused to pay for it. One of the landlords then gave him in charge, and wlion searched at tho lock-up it was found that lie had a book on tho Ileatlicote Bank for £37. This morning Mr Panton said tho defendant had merely contracted a debt, and dismissed tho caso. 1 Tho publication of our tolegrams from Sydnoy yesterday in roforonoe to the discovery in that city of what is supposed to bo tho only original portrait of Shakespeare in existence, lids brought to light another pioturo, the owners of whioh believo has some pretensions to being original and genuine. It is an unmistakeablo portrait of tho Bard of Avon, nnd, like tho pic ture found in Sydney, is paintedon an oak panel, tlie artist boing evidently of the Dutch school. This pioturo is in the possession of Mr .I.E. Ellis, of tho Duko of Devonshire Hotel, St. Kiidn, who states that lie can trace it hack for fully 110 years beyond all question, and that the is every reason to believe that even then it was an old picture. In the left-hand top corner is an in scription, which is very indistinct, with the ex ception of tho date, which iB oloar enough. The inscription, so far ns can ho made out, is : " Lutiongus, A3gis 40, 1G10." There is ano ther inscription or name 011 tho loft-hnnd lower corner, hut it cannot bo made out at present. The features depicted are extraordinarily like those handed down by tradition ns the features of Shakespeare ; hut whether the picture is an original, or a copy, is another question. There are some signs of retouching. . In any case the picture is an interesting one. The monthly meeting of the Church of- England missionary hoard was hold at tlio Bishop's registry 011 Thursday afternoon, and was presided over by the venerable Arch- deacon Stretch. The treasurer's report showed that the sum of £30 9s 8d had been received, while tho expenditure amounted to £02 23 8d. The appointment of another collector was decided on, in order that the claims of the society may ho brought more prominently under the notice of those who feel desirous of spreading the knowledge of God among the heathen. It was also decided to acknowledge tlio amounts contributed in answer to adver tisements in the daily papors. Wflliam Digges was charged, at the City Court this morning, with stealing a crate of bottles, numbering ten dozen anu nine, from tlio railway station at Spencer street, 011 the night of the 8th, or tlio morning of the 9tn inst. Tho bottles were 011 their way from Baliarat to Mr Goody's factory in Grattan street, Carlton, nnd they were sold in a lump on the morning of the 9th to Mr Gale, the marine - store dealer. Mr Panton said that the prisoner's conduct was very suspicious, nnd lie should have called witnesses to prove where he obtained the bottles. At the same time there was not sufficient evidence to warrant a committal, but lie trusted the accused would be more cautious in his dealings in future. He would he discharged. At the Williamstown Police Court this morning, the three men, Kennedy, O'Gonuell and Reynolds, who escaped from the penal establishment at the Williamstown Batteries 011 Monday night, were sentenced to threo months' imprisonment, with hard labor, in addition to the unexpired sen tence they were serving at tile time of their escape. A young man, named W. .Hammond, who had been engaged in a fight with another youth, named U'ohea, at North WilliaiuB- town, 011 Sunday morning, was fined £2, with 7s (id costs in default, fourteen days' imprison ment. The exterior of the city lock-up is always a lively place about the time of tho departure of the van for the gaol, but yesterday it was unusually busy. Ill the morning two keepers of one of thoso slums of the city to which reference has beon made by the press so often, had to undergo the hardship of commencing a period of twelve months' enforced labor. From the time the sentence was passed on them till the van started the news spread through tho lowest portions ' of the town like wild fire, and the consequence was that from two to threo hundred mere children (thowordis used advisedly) had gathered to catch, as dozens of tliein owned, one last glimpse of Jimmy Lowe and Annie O'Connor beforo they "went up." Two or three policemen had to he kept in the street to prevent a disturbance, and these good-humoredly reminded some of the more pushing of the _ crowd that it was of no use remaining, as the gates of the look-up yard would I10 closed while the prisoners were being led from the watchhousc to the van. "Ah, "said onogirl, who had once been pretty, and now seemed to have attained the ripe age of fifteen, " I don't care about that. I can look through this hole and see her before she goes — just once." And yet it was afterwards ascertained that it was 111 the house kept hy this woman that the un fortunate young creature came by her ruin. Several of the girls and larrikins made at tempts to climb the fence before the van came out of the yard, but, of course, were pre vented. When the gates were thrown open, however, and little Jemmy tooled out of the yard at hisusual dashing pace, the crowd was dispersed much moro rapidly than it had been formed. A Chinese hawker, named Ah Long, wo3 placed in tho box in the City Court this morn ing, charged with a breach of the Fisheries Act, by offering for sale on the 17th instant three silver bream under the weight specified by the Schedule, viz., 4oz. The sub-inspector of the market stated that he had found the fish referred to in a basket of bream and trevalla. Their respective weights were 2Joz, 2Joz, and 3oz. Ignorance of the provision of the Act was pleaded, and as Mr Miller, who appeared to prosecute, suggested that the proper person to he punished was the man who sold the fish to the Chinaman, the bench dismissed the case. In our advertising columns Mr J. H. Cohen advertises that his annual Concord Picnic to Mordialloc will take place on Sunday next, 19th inst. Already nearly 200 tickets have been disposed of. The price is 10s (id for single, and 20s for double, . tickets, which will include refreshments for tho whole day. A special band will accompany the pionie. Tickets may still be had from Mr Cohen at 211 Elizabetli street. The police want an owner for a . long, groy, serge overcoat, orjdust-coat, apparently taken from some sliop front, as it is perfectly new, nnd the strap ab.tlie back of the neck is broken. It was found in the possession of a well-known thief, who was arrested on Saturday last ' by Constable Brennan. Thejowner is requested to call at the City watchhouse. We learn from the Baliarat Star that a very serious accident occurred at the back of the Academy of Music on Thursday evening whilst some of tlio apparatus connected with the ghost entertainment, about to be produced at the Academy, was being hoistod. It appears that the case, weighing some 10001b, had been hoisted up opposite the doorway, when the block gave way, and the whole affair came to tlio ground with a tremendous smash, just clearing Mr E. Dyto and other persons who were standing beneath.' Providentially, there was no one injured. The entertainment has been indefinitely postponed in eonsequenoe of the accident. _ The Stawell Chronicle stateB that for some time past quail have been very scarce in that and tlio Ararat districts. Their absence from tlie latter place, where at times tlicy wero so plentiful, was much commented 011 by sports men, and as season after season passed it was generally supposed that this variety of game had left that _ part of tho country not to return, being driven away, as some supposed, by the increasing settlement, or by climatic changes. This year, how ever, tlie birds have returned, and although it is not yet known whether they will be plen tiful, it is to bo inferred that their numbers will equal thoso of tho years when they were regular visitants. A few days ago Mr T. Y. Smith, who was 011 a visit to Mount Elliott, roso one, and brought it down ; it was young, but fat and plump. Mr Smith says thoro is a great variety of game plentifully distributed in tlio neighborhood alluded to. It need not be matter for surprise if before long sportsmen find plenty of work in tlio neighborhood of Stawell for their barrels and their pointers. A curious case of "mixed up" occurred the other eveningin n suburban part of tlie dis trict says the (Geolong Advertiser.) AJyoung gentleman, who was out driving, stopped at a wayside inn, leavinghis horse and trap in front of tlie hostelry. Ho remained longer than he intended, ancf wlion he returned "half seas over" to tho stroet the horse and trap could not he found. Tlie result was a walk to town to tho stables, hut it was found that tho horso had not como back. A cabman was then engaged to convoy tho owner of tho missing horse and vehicle hack to tho locality, where tlie cabby fell a victim to tho intoxicating liquors, and ho in turn became the loser of his horse and cab. On tho following morning tlie missing horses and conveyances wore discovered in tno yard attached to a Becond hotel in tho vicinity. Tho Baliarat Star writes Prayers for rain if not ascending from high altars are, at least, escaping daily from the lips of our district farmers and graziors. Tlio continued hot, dry weather, with a baking atmosphere, is telling disastrously; all around tho country-side grass is burnt up, foncing is taking fire, andSvatoris giving out. Farmers look and feel molnncholy, and, gonorally speaking, tlio Bummer of 1879 ushers in a widespread bucolic growl. Suppose the women of this country should refuse to work over eight ' hours a day. what would man dp for his supper, i 