HEROIC TURF LEGISLATION. (FBOM THE FIELD. JULY 19. J Short handicaps and two-year-old races are admittedly undermining the stamina, of our racehorses, and the puny efforts of the Jockey Club to add qne furlong to the stature of our two-year-old races, remind us that, in the words jput by the authors of iJe jected Addresses into the mouth of Dr. Johnson's ghost, " a swelling opening is too often succeeded by an insignificant conclusion, and that parturient mountains have ere now produced muscipular abortions.'' It may even be doubted whether the alteration, for which we are indebted to the superhuman and tardy energy of the Jockey Club, has not in it more of evil than of good. If it be im politic to run a two year old over a four furlong course at Lincoln Spring and at Northampton, will not hia powers be sub jected to an additional Btrain when he is asked to travel over five furlongs ? Moreover, it is not possible to contemplate the dis appearance of the Chesterfield Stakes at Newmarket from the Racing Calendar with out serious regret, seeing that the race has been in existence for nearly 50 years, and that it has been won, among others, by such his torical animals as Glis, Crucifix, Teddington, Saccharometer, Achievement, Formosa, and Cremorne. The only excuse for such early spinB aa the Brocklesby at Lincoln, the Althorp- park at Northampton, and the Little John Stakes at Nottingham, is that the diBtance is only four furlongs, and that there are always Bome small compact animals which are at their best in the first few months of their racing existence, and could not live when brought into competition with bigger rivals as the year advances. We cannot see that the elongation «f the above-mentioned races will make them less fashionable, or be a benefit to the equine babies by which they are won. In fact, the so-called reform of the Jockey Club seems to be made on the prin ciple enunciated in the well-known line: " D&t; veniam corvis, vexat censura columbaa." The " doves," or two year oldB, have a harder task than ever imposed upon them, and the "crows," or handicaps-once designated by Admiral Rous as " the black cloud upon our racing horizon"-are permitted to escape without a word of censure. The Jockey Club appears to have shut its eyes to the undeniable fact that the turf-by which we mean not racing men, but suffering and overworked horses-is labouring under what is called, in the human subject, the malady of plethora from over-feeding. Every sporting writer tells us that, judged by (he multiplicity of race meetings, the turf never was so prosperous; that more than £200,000 in added money were given away in 1878; that the entries for some few great -weight for-age races show a steady advance; and that such prices have lately been given for superior horses as would astonish the lnut generation of racing men. It seems to be forgotten that, thanks to the increase of population, and to< the vast augmentation ana wider diffusion of money, every otter public amusement shows similar indications of prosperity. There are, for instance, abont 40 theatres at this moment in London, where half that number suffioed when Hat Majesty ascended the throne. Never were MOfcs of foxhounds so numerous, and fleldsol hone men, generally moanted on snpexb fcones, assemble at the meets in em - growing swarms. The Oxford andCambodtfe boat race has been elevated into an annual festival, and the great cricket matchasof the year invite such throngs of spectators that the bursting grounds at Lord's and the Oval are unable to contain them.' Now, time is nothing to,be said in deprecation of th» t>opiiliixi&y;' tttftined bi Mit Bcton tDl iX«*r byfamawp*e»j>f foxhounds, or by such cricketers w to* wl > tb» Lytteltaca. Bat the popularity ot tha turf, as attested by the inordinate multipli cation of races, involves issues fraught with miBchief to that noble animal, the thorough bred. Upon every side of us there are growing up gate-money meetings, to the very existence of which it is necessary that they should be able to attract a vast concourse of visitors. This can only be done by creating an endless succession of races, contested by big lields, which provoke speculation, and necessitate the condition that the selected courses should vary between half a mile and six furlongs in length. It lias been repeatedly suggested that the Jockey Club would have done infi nitely more good if, instead of making a puny alteration in two-year-old courses, they had enacted that no three year old should be allowed under any circumstances to run over a course lees than one mile in length. This would indeed be heroic legislation, but we dare not Hatter ourselves that the Jockey Club, at any moment since its birth in the reign of George II., would have possessed virtue and courage enough to pass a law which at present could not fail to knock half the race meetings in England oil the head. Such an outburst of remonstrance would in this event ascend from trainers, jockeys, clerks of courses, and from the multi tudinous leeches who hang on to the carcase of the turf for a living, that the Jockey Club would become not less unpopular than Sir Joseph Hawley when he attempted to intro duce a far less' radieal reform. There is but one alteration which it is pos sible for our turf senators to compass, and the demand for it is becoming so imperative that we do not despair of seeing it carried without the intervention of the House of Commons. "Too much racing," is the cry ?which greets us on every side, and the time seems to be at hand when, between them, Sandown-park and Kempton-park wili have a race meeting every alternate fortnight throughout the racing year. The Jockey Club must interfere to prevent the birth of fresh meetings ; and, furthermore, they must enact that, with the exception of Newmarket, no place be allowed to hold more than a couple of fixtures in the course of the year. The incessant recurrence of meetings neces sitates those short handicaps, of which the pernicious effects are incontestable ; andsuch is the growing sense of a necessity for stringent legislation in this direction, that, failing the Jockey Club, other hands will sooner or later be found to do the work. 