The Advertiser SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1879. THE decision of the Supreme Court has been given on the Sunday trading case, which has some time past exercised the minds of for Judges, magistrates. lawyers, and of the ven- I'.nw of the weed for which thousands daOy llesd the memory of Sir Walter Kaluga 'l'liid ca?e iiroae out of some informations Uid faefora Mr. l&diiome;, I'. AI., lost August. On the 12tb of that moath In jjrtttor Slmkespeare charged Henry Lin ad mttn with Sellui^ fruit in his shop contrary ?■■> a by- Jaw of the Adelaide) Corporjtion: iiml Rk-uurd Steier was similarly charjeJ for oellintr tobacco on that day in bis we!l kuown establishment, which within the <a?t week or two suffered partial destruc tion by tire, in Granfell- streat. The Polic Magistrate disposed of the two cases on entirely different grounds. The by-law excepts from its operation " work9 of necessity or charity," and Mr. Beddome held that fruit waa quite as much a neces sity aa a glass of beer is, and ou that ground tha fruitseller was allowed to depart in triumph. The tobacco case presented other questions for consideration. It cannot be said that it is in any way a matter of necessity to purchase tobacco on Sunday. Any one can carry about a bundle of cigars or a stick of Barrett's - twist or a cake of cailrod or a pouch of Old Judge during the Sabbath, without any inconvenience to himself or injury to the material. He may even keep the stock about him in church without profanity, and probably without annoyance to his fellow-worshippers; and on his retina homewards, if not favored with the company of ladies, may enjoy a pipe or a havanna to assist meditation. All this is impassible with fruit. Any one can purchase it on Saturday and keep it in bi3 house for two or three days, if he and his can exercise sufficient self-re3traiut to let it alone while there, but he cannot carry it in his packet, and a parcel or a basket would be incon venient and absurd, to say nothing of the effect of the weather upon an article that to answer its purpose mast be tolerably fresh and cool. As Mr. Beddome put it, the fruit must be placed in the same cate gory as beer, and it may be added) as tea or coffee. As to whether the selling of tobacco on Sunday is forbidden in London, there seems to be some difference of opinion. Mr. \Vm. Symon from his own knowledge stated that thj tofcacconista' shops were opsa there on that day. Mr. Beddome remembered a case of a London police magistrate fin:ng a person a peony without costa for selling tobacco on Sunday, and this indicates that the law is understood to be againat such a practice, but that there is a strong indisposition to enforce the law. Mr. Beddome, however, dismissed the case on quite other grounds. He accepted the principle asserted by Mr. Symon that the by-law of the Adelaide Corporation under which the information was laid waa ultra vires, because if carried oat it would be in direct opposition to Act3 of Parlia ment. Por instance, it could be pat in farce against a publican for selling drinks to bona Jide travellers at any hour or to the general public between the houra of 1 aud H o'clock in the afternoon. The Police Magistrate's decision was appealed against to tbe Local Court, aud the Stipen diary MagUtrate,Mr. Henry Do wner,reeerved a case for the Supreme Court. The argu ment took place before the Judges on the 13th October, so that their Honors cannot be said to have given their decision with unjudicial haste. The judgment delivered on Friday settles some important points that might not appear very doubtful to lawyers, but concerning which laymen generally could not be expected to be thoroughly confident. Against Mr. J. H. Svmon it was maintained by Sir. John Downer that a by-law may be opposed to Acts of Parliament, and yet not Le utterly bad; it will only ba invalid so far as it is in antagonism to those statutes. Thu3 the publicans being protected in their trade by statute, the by-law could not be enforced against them, but as tbe tobacconists cannot appeal to any law permitting them to sail on San day, they come under the operation of the by-law. Any by-law affecting tramway?, and opposed to an Act authorising any par ticular tramway, would be void ao far, but : might in other respects be good. Other illustrations of the principle may suggest themselves. It is a maxim in construing laws that where two interpretations are presented, one having the effect of nullify ing a statute and the other of giving it effect, the latter should be chosen. Oar readers will remember that for many years the adminis tration of justice in this colony wa3 thrown into utter confusion because of the deter mination of a Judge to act upon exactly the opposite principle, and it is gratifying to know that the aim of our judicial bench is to give effect to Lira if they are at all workable. This decision od the Steiar casa his no effect npon the question of Sabbath ob servance in the city beyond shutting up tobacconists' shops. The by-law to which the Judgea have so far given effect is as follows:—"To provide for the better observance of Sunday in the city of Adelaide.—lt shall noc be lawful for any person to opan any house, shop, or stare, or any other place in the eaid city, or permit or suffer the same to be opened on Sunday (the Lord's Day) for the purpose of trade or dealing £ works [of necessity or charity only, exjepted); and 1 any person who shall trade or dsal, or keep open on the said day any shop, store, or other place for the purpose of trade or dealing, except as aforesiid, shall, on conviction, forfeit and pay for every such offence a sum not les3 than £'1 and not exceeding £10." This by-law is quite consistent with the spirit of English lav an I oar own legislation, and in construing it the main point of dispute must ba as to what comes under the heading of "necessity." Toe term must have a fair construction, and not be construed to? rigidly.- Xr is not absolutely necessary to bay milk on Sunday except for the me of infants and invalids. Except under particrttar circumstances it cannot in this climate be necessary to light a fire during the Sabbath, at any rate for about eight months of the year. The ordinary construction of "necessity" iu connection frith the law of Sabbath obser vance will be that tb? w.>rk or sale- in question is needed to supply real bodily wants that could not be supplied in any other way under the circumstances. If a citizen has taken a walk on Sunday, and needs beer, tea, or fruit, and cannot get this refreshment without buying it, in sell ingl the article the vendor is supplying a necessity, though perhaps not a very urgent one. "Whether it h well to take fatiguing walks on Sunday, or whether it would not fce praiseworthy to fast or faint rather than pay a few coppers for a bunch of grapes, a tankard of malt liquor, or a cup of the beverage ibat cheer* but not inebriates, are questions that must be left to the individual cots i ieuce. Thk cews recently received 01 the existence of a state oc anarchy in Herat bas added another complication to the already -complicate! (luesiiocs which ' the British have to solve in connection with Afghanis tan. The history of this famous city, which it has long been an accepted theory in Calcutta must not be held either by Persia or Russia, tha two Powers most anxious for its possession, will show in what its importance in relation to. British India consists. However interesting it mightr te to do so it is scarcely necessary to detail the various battled which were waged in early times for the possession of Herat. Iu 11-57 it was held by the Turo macs, and two centuries later fell for the first time uito the hands of the Shahs of Persia,.who constituted it one of the four royal cities of Khorasan. Until the be ginning of the last century the Shahs of Persia held much more extensive do minions than those over which they now rule, Kandahar and other places now under the Ameers of Cabul being then in their possession; but at that period the various independent tribes of Afghanistan, who had long been in a state of turmoil, rose and determined to drive the foreigners out. Kandahar was the first place wrested from them, which after a long siege yielded to Mir Yais, the leader of the Ghilzais, who also defeated with great loss an army sent by the Shah to its relief. Tim success encouraged the Abdulis, who occupied the mountainous district between Cabul and Herat, to attack the latter city. In 1719 their purpose was accomplished, and Herat was taken frcni the Shah; but their rule of the Abdulis was shortlived. Nadir Sbab, one of the most famous generals that Asia has produced in modern times, arose. He saved the Persian Emuir.e from further dism.euaberln.ent by chastising the Ghilzais, and after a siege of ten months he captured the city of Herat. Nadir, however, had na> desire to hold the city; he song-ht io make the Abdulia his allies, and was successful. This sort of quasi- independence lasted for some time, but in two years the son of Nadir Shah established himself there as s sovereign owing allegiance to Persia, only, however, to be driven out in his turn. In 1824 the Persians made an abortive attempt to gain possession of the coveted city, but in vain, and fire years later they determined on seeking the aid of Russia. For nearly ten years Russia made Penis ] lay a waiting game, but at length, in 1828, the Shah, aided and abetted by the Govern ment of St. Petersburg, declared war against Herat. He laid siege to the city, and the Russians promised to send troops to help him, but at the moment when a Hus?Jan reinforcement would have com pelled Herat to surrender the Czar hesitated, and finally refused any active assistance; the Shah was therefore forced to abandon tbe attack and withdraw his forces. It was about this period that the Government of British India becune -inte restedin securing the alliance of the Khans of iieiat, and preserving their independence {■3 a bulwark against an advance of the Kussians towards India. In 185G the Per* rians again kid siege to the place, and on thi? occasion they were successful. -Their possession of Herat, however, was soon ended, for the English Government at once seeing that a Persian occupation of the city meant that the Russians might find s highroad through it, made the conquest a cams belli. General Outram waa sent with an expedition to the Persian Gulf, and the British Government concluded a treaty with Dost Mohammed, the Ameer of Cafcul, whom they intended to support in laying claim to Herat. The Shah quickly ]< arot his TniataVA; his army waa defeated iu every direction, and he fiiiilly was obliged to withdraw his troops from Herat and to sue for peace. By the treaty of Paris, concluded in 1857, the Shah re rooEced all chum to Herat, which was thenceforth declared to be uuder the control of the Ameers of Afghanistan, as it Las remained ever since. Nothing is accu rately known aa to who are the authorities vrho are now in revolt in the city, but it is presumed they are those appointed by Shere Ali before his flight, as Yakoob Khan has not since his succession had time t<j make any change". The personnel of the present revolutionary Government of Herat L, however, of little consequence; it is the fiicta connected with the rebellion itself which are of importance. Everything points to the conclusion that ihe Shah 13 at the bottom of the affair, and that he has taken the opportunity of the troubles at Oabul to work out his cherished echeme of again obtaining a footing in Northern Afghanistan. It is true that the position does cot look so serious as it at ne time did, as the Rusajiu have : bandoned thair expedition in Torkestan, ■ which there was bnt little doubt had other . and mora important aims in view than the subjugation of tbe Tekkea, Theadvanceof : the Muscovites towards the Afghan frontier may, however, be at any time renewed* and judging from past experience there is every reason to believe that his agents Laving- paved the way by stirring ; up:f&vbtt; in the city, the Shah has been preparing: far an attack upon Herat. It is soaatrhat significant also- that although the Musco vite forces, from whom doubtless, ha hoped for assistance, have in the meantime retired, the Shah still keeps Ids troops massed close to the Afghan frontier in readiness \- for action. Probably until the* itoesiansT ere prepared once more to actfwitK him he will temporise with the British Qdvem nxent and keep up a semblance of amicable relations, but if ha can get assistance^ froia the Czar he wiD, as Ms predecessors Sid, throw England over. Therefor* a com- Lined Russian and Persian descent en ~the> key of India may, it is to be feared, be s by bo means improbable contingency; bat it is one which the present commander of the British forces in Afghanistan may be trusted to provide far. There seems,-how ever, to be only ope solution of the difficulty* recession is proverbially nine points of the law, and tbe sooner the British flag is i yinjr over the citadel of Herat the bettor. The Treasurer, the Commissioner of I'ublio 'Works. Messrs. Boss, Farnar, and Hare, e-embers for Wallaroo, the Prerideut of the Slarius Board, the Engineer-in- Chief, aud the i'Dgiiieer of Harbors and Jetties stxttttd by -ptcial train this morning at^6.&> foe Wal arco, via ilamley Bridge and Balailava, for 'he purpose of inspecting the proposal site for ' iha sew jetty, about which there is coasi (arable oifferenceoi opinion. Tito party wilt reform (o-ci?bt. The Hon. T. King, M.P, Minister of Education, had an interview with Mr. Patterson* the Postmaster-General of Victoria, ou Friday, November 21, when tbe latter on behalf or his Government agreed to forego for. eighteen months the subsidy of £2,500 per auanai de manded from this calooy sb oonneetion wish-the Sues mail service. It waa considered thai st> the end of that time the finnmrr 1 sueceas or otherwise of the undertaking would eu&bfe; the two Governments to arrive at a satisfactory settlement of tie question. The- intercolonial cricket match, which bas of late been exciting much nttereat, waa commenced in Sydney on Friday, November 31. TheNew South- Welshmen were the first at die wiekete and, put together 30* ran*, A. Bao iierman being tbe highest sooner with 52. Two of the Victorians' wiokets were down for 53 run* « hen stump* were drawn. Mr. Arthur Sketchly, the clever author of ** Mrs. Brown at tbe Play," and other work* cf a like character, is a passenger per Aconcagua. Seven tenders were received at the Sur veyor-General's office on Friday far clearing a road in the Hundred of Cunningham, 'f hat of K. Kejnolds was the lowest. A young man named James Oliver, son of the landlord of the Brunswick Pl3l Sotel, Tort Adelaide, had his thumb blown off aa. Friday by the bursting of a gun. At the meeting- of the Port Adelaide) Corporation on Friday evening, November 21? the annual report of the mayor (Mr. T. Hl"*,. J.P.) was read. The rainfall between 9 a.m on Thurs day and tha same hour on Friday is registered as follows:— Daly Waters ... 0"250 : Yam Creek ... 010* EiverKatherine 0-750 | The Argus of November 19 contains the> following: —** The Hon. Thomas King, Miniatag of Education in South Australia, arrived in Melbourne last night overland. After remain ing for a few days; he proceeds on a visit to tbe Sydney Exhibition." Messrs. Harrold Brothers have just re ceived a Irfmdon telegram stating that" 135,000 bates of wool have arrived for present sales. Tn? present wool sales for greasy wool openat an ad vance of Id. per lb. above the price obtained as the close of last gale." i A correspondent writing from Dublin, on. ' November IS, ssjs:—" Should the weatherooo -tinuefavorable a few ef cur farmers will stark eapiDg uext wetk. The trips ou ihe whole are ookujg splendid,some oi them promising fifteen^ I busheli to the acre.™ A largely attended meeting of ratepayers was addressed by Mr. S. T. Smith. JtP, in the 43ooger-atreet Academy, am Friday evening, when a morion that he was a fit and proper person *o represent the city as mayor was carried, then being no dissentient vote*. "Mr. P. Kennedy, of Lyndoch, has laonght to this offices," says the Garter StaadarO, "some of the finest stalks of oata we- have ever ■eea. They were grown on his fern, and have m ?ery_tall thick stem, each of which throws off three branchea laden with fine plump grain. A few acres ot this sort would be a certain for tune." A telegram was received at Cape Town bom Maritsburg the day before the Aeonoaja^ \- left, which conveyed the satisfactory intelli gence that the coat worn by the late Prince Im perial when he met hi* death had been found in m Kafir kraal, and that it bare several gashes ia front, showing conclusively that the brave young Prince died facing the enemy* '■We are glad to say," writes tad Jfiuwtrfu Herald, " that the crops in the district still show every appearance of a good yield. Mr. C. F. Pfitzner. of Butlunda, has shown us tome very fine wheat-head.-), taken from a pad dock of 300 or 400 acres. He rajs red rust is visible in some parts of his district, but only -very slightly, certainly not to such an extent as to injuie. the yield." On Friday, November 31, several rate payers of th« town of Q!enelg .waited on Mr O. M. Mnifhead and a«ked him to allow himself to be nominated as * candidate for the positiou of councillor for Otenelg Ward daring the en suing j ear. Sir. Muirbead declined the invita tion on the grounds that there were already tvra candidates ia tbe field, and that he would nas be able to properly fill the position beeiuse of bis business engagements. The Weetnlta correspondent of the York?* Peninsula Advertise.- states that rust has made its appearance iu that district, but as yet it has only attacked the flag', and the hope is that the wheat w too far advanced for i: fc> do much barm. In some of the paddocks about MatUand there are jeigua of this much-dreaded former's enemy, but the farmers mostly ara of opinion tbat bat little evil will lesalt from it this year. A orivate letter, dated Valparaiso, August ~8, received in Adelaide by the Cali iornian mail, report* the burning at Valparaiso on that dar of a large storeship belonging to the Pacific 5.3. Company. Tbe vessel had a tall (arg? of machinery and ship's •tores. She was burning about 33 hours. After she eanght lire she was towed from amongst the shipping 'by a> Guarda-Goata and beached ia another part oi the bay. The esiimated loss was about 3,000,e00 .dollars. His Honor the Chief Justice took matrimonial business in the Supreme Court on Friday, November 21. Wottev. Woite, a peti tion; by Catherine Woite for the diswlutiou of her marriage with Qotfried Woite, came on for bearing. There was no appearance by the re spondent. A number ot affidavits proving adultery and gross cruelty by the respondent were put in on behalf of the petitioner.. His Honor stated that he would report to thaPoll €oart that the aMegstionahad been proved. "We nave heard daring' the week," states tbe An^jp of November 31,"that it is contemplated era long to endeavor to float caaa panies in cannectma with the Lady Alice and Malcolm's Barassn, and we hope if this is done that tbe shareholders will not be content to amcrifiee their interests as on a former occasion to want of energy and perseverance. Had all call* bec? paid, and many of oar spatheMd townsmen purchased share?, sufficient cjjritU «onld have been raised to coutiuae the work at both laines, and handsome dividends might now have been shared. 0 A public meeting of the ratepayers o: Sincimarsh Ward was held at the National UcteU ta Friday evening, November 21, for th - purpose of hearing the caudilites, Mr W. C Bnik anil Councillor Jonas, express thairvicw* on mnacipai matters. Taere was a m?Jeras? I •ttendaT.ce. Mr. Alex. Do<vle occupied tha i ehair. The meeting, which was rather nouy as j its termination, was nnmiatakabiy inclined to j the former candidate, the show of hands bain; greatly in his favor. It was stated by Mr. Fuller that it was probable two other can didates would come forward—Messrs. J. M. Racy and John Hill. "It is highly probable,'' writes the £v*yrp, •- that notwithstanding the predictions of geologists that South Australia is unlikely to produce coat, some will yet bo found. The same remark was uttered a few years ago of Victoria, bat the existence of eoal there has now* bean proved beyond dispnte. Daring the week we have been shows a sample of aa article bearing av great n'wiinlJuum to Newcastle coal, and which h is nertlww to add is to be subjected to ; the proper tests. The discoverer has kept the j locality where it was found a secret, and caaaot j be blamed for so doing, since shoald the article : prove of value the reward offered by the Govern- ' ment will certainly fall to bis share." | On Friday evening as election meeting- ! was held at "the Gleneig Institute. Councillor i Nicholson filled tbe chair. There were about 100 perans present. Mr. W. F. Stock, the pre sent mat or of Qlenelg, offered himself for re election. There waa soother candidate for the position. Councillor Stacy and Mr. B. Hooper announced themselves as candidates for the representation of Glenelg Ward; Mr. W. E. "Wigley, J.P^came forward as acomHdate for the eouocillorabip of St. Leonards Ward, and Mr. 8. I>. Gordon appeared aa a candidate for New Glenelg Ward. Motions in favor of the candidates for Glenelg Ward were equally supported, and motion* were carried expressing confidence in Messrs. Wigley and Gordon. At the Gawler Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, November 18, a case came before the bench, wherein the district council of Mount Crawford, represented by their clerk. Mr. E. "Wilson, summoned a man named James Wilson for removing timber from Crown lands near Mount Crawford without a licence. "It ap peared," says the Bunyip, " that the party sum moned had in reality no licence, but he was merely assisting a man who had a licence in loading. The magistrates held that if it were proved a perscon was engaged by another to help in loading or carting timber, not withstanding he had no licence, he was not criminal in the eye of the law; they therefore dismisse the case. Their decision will probably receive proper consideration when future information of a similar character are laid." Sir Wm. Thompson's sounding machin •ccupie-i a p'aco on the tatlrail of the Aconcagua, and its jKitormsjLce* ou nsarinc Cape Borda were sui-h as to give Captain Coulan thegrtatest caLncta ce ia its accuracy. It consists of a drum of stet I v ire, to the end of which is attached a heavy derp sea lead. To this is fixed a brts* tube containing a smaller one of glass hermeti cally scaled at the upper end. There being but a limited friction in the descent of the lead, it reaches tbe bottom very rapidly, and then by means of the drum is hauled easily on board. On inspecting tbe glass tubtt the density of the j water is found registered. It is doe to the { inventor to state that every east of the lead taken during the steamer's voyage coincided with the soundings shown on the chart. " Ore of the worst eases of child deser tion which it baa ever been within oar province to record hat,* says the Bwsyif of November SI, "jost occurred. For some time past a m?o and Ilia wife named Maloney, resident near Willas ton, have been separated, and the former has indulged somewhat freely in intoxicating stimu lant*. In consequence of this his family, com prising two children, aged respectively sixt.>ea months and three and half years, have been neglected, aod were on Thursday found by the police in a moat deplorable condition. They were brought before tbe court, and ordered to be sent to tbe Icdtk-trn] School—tfcebejt place for them ! under such circumstances—Maloney being iu I gaol, and his wife an alien from him. The real sufferers are these unfortunate children.1 * A gentleman recently returned from a visit to the Pieman JBiver galdfieU informs tha Cbratro// Qkroniti* that the miners there are finding small paitjctae of the very valuable mineral known as osmide of indium in con junction with the alluvial gold. He also states chat a miner has a crystal of this metal weigh ingftdwts. Indium ia a metal of shining steel lustre, found in hexagonal prisms. It was •bnndact in the alluvial golduelds of Cali fornia, occurring in small bright lead-colored scales. It takes its name from iris, % rainbow, is chiefly used for the pointing of pens and i mathematical instruments, and ia worth £24 per j ounce. Its specific gravity is 21*118, the highest ! specific gravity of gold being about 19- or ' slightly over. The mineral is usually foond.it \ the Pieman ia very small particles amongst the i gold, and the miners, it is stated, generally ' throw it away. ; We have received from Mr. A. Bruce a j ■ample of wheat in the stalk, grown at Bala klavabj Mr.C.B. Parsons, of that place, and we are assoi ed tbat it fairly represents the character ■of tiie nhole crop from which it was taken. The plant altogether is about five feet in height, the straw :>tout and strorg. the heads about the largest we have handled for yean, and filiel with heavy plump-healthy corn. Of three heads ■ent without the stalk two measure upwards of seven inohes ia length, and are well filled; the third, though not aolonsf.ia of great breadth, from four to fir* of the grains wide ia fact. These three ear* are a sample of wheat that Sir. Parsons has been trying for some years to im prove. Mr. Brace informs as that the wheat ia tbe?alaklava district has (tooled remarkably well on some farms, bom sixty tossveniy stalks having sprung from one grain. On Wednesday, November 19, a public meeting was held in the German schoolroom, Dutton, to consider the educational require ments of the district There was an attendance of between thirty and forty, and Mr. Ttaos. Scott, J.P., wa? voted to the chair. A proposi tion affirming the necessity for the erection of a Government school in Datton was unani mously agreed to, and a memorial to the Mini ster of Education was adopted, representing the want of a school in the township, as there were within a radius of two miles at leait sixty chil dren of a school- going age. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Thos. Scott, JP., S. B. WaWer.Thos. Brook, F. W. Liesfeld, .1. Miller, J.P., H. A. Hamdorf, K. Bice, and J. F. A. Habel, was appointed to present the memorial; and it was decided that one or two of the mem bers for the district should oo rtquesteJ to accompany the deputation. The report of the- directors of the Ade laide, Unley, and Mitcham Tramway Oooipany. which is to be presented to the next half./esrly meeting of shareholders, states '* that siuca the last general meeting the widening of the nxi I has been completed, and both tramline and road are now ia thorough condition, with the excep tion of a short distance of metalling remaining to be done in Mitcham. The traffic receipts have been good, as will ba seen on reference to the accounts, and since the fine weather has set in the returns have materially increased. The high price of horsefeed and the maintenance ut the road during winter has absorbed much of ! the profit, but a sum of £868 13a. 5d remains ' las the net result ainee the opening of the line, i Better profit is now being made, an>l yonrdirec- [ tors think the prospects of your property are- so { good that they are justified in recommending a > dividend of Is. per share. This will require ! jMtfti 5e., leaving £200 B*. sd. to carry forward to : the next balance; and they hope chat this ' course will be adopted by the meeting. At au ; extraordinary meeting of shareholders the . directors were requested to recommence the use I cf steam on the line. This they intend to do ' with the motor they now have as soon as they j obtain the permission of the street and road ' authorities; and if the result is satisfactory ! additional motors will be sent for. They were I also requested to complete the Hoe to the I VuUartoa road, and this will ba dons as soon, as ! their finances permit.'' j With reference to a paragraph, winch \ appeared in the Melbourne Aryus a few days ' since, relating to the discovery of a portion of a j ship's main-batch, and which was published in > our columns, a correspondent has written the ' following letter to oar contemporary:—"ln ) yesterday's issue of the Aryns a telegram ap- 1 pears from your Belfast correspondent, stating ; thai a> portion of ihe combings of the main- 1 batch ot a large ship, which had evidently been j burnt; and which bad tae words '*JtJ tons' carved on the wood, had beaa found about a ' mile from tte mouth of the Fitzroy Kiver. ; Your eorrespondeut also infers thaS the portion ' of wreck; referral to must belong to a vessel j which was burnt some mouths ago, when a glare j was noticed off the coast. My object in writing • ia to inform you that the piese of timber re- I ferred to was carried to the place where it was ; found by a friend of mine, with whom I was ; nailing as the Fitiroy Kiver oathelodiof is*t '■ March. Tbe cosss at lie locality referred ta u ) Mtak and desolate, and bare of timber, anil in | cur search for materials to make a fire my I friend fouad the piece of timber toon ' ihe sea beach, where it laad recently bean j washed ashore. By dint of great exertion he i carried it over the sandhills to the margin of the i river, where it formed a back log for oar fire. ; This will account for iU burnt appearance. We made many sunnU^s a? to tha description cf ship of which it had forme J a parr, and I can • only regret that we did not niaia ounluooTerv public at the time, as it miijLt perhaps have led ' to tbe identifies tiou of the vessel." . The Supreme Court sat in Banco on Friday,November 21. Judgment was siren ia : the matter of Boger*, an insolvent, amd Shake- ! •ptare v. Steicr. The former was an appeal ! Irom a decision of the Commissioner of lutol- > vency, who had ordered the appeliaut.to be im prisoned for one year for fraud in connection with his insolvency, and granted him a third class certificate on the ground that he had neg- ' . iected to keep proper books of account. Their ' Honors dismissed the appeal on the first ground, i as they were of opinion that tbe evidence was ', ample not only to justify bat to require the : Coiamiseiouers action. The appeal on the ; second ground was sustained, as in tie opiaija , of the court there was no evidence to show that a lull disclosure bad not been maJe by the in solvent of his affairs. A second-class certificate •uspeaded for two years wavgranteJ. No order was made as to coets. In Shakespeare v. Steiar, ; an appeal from tbe Vocal Court oo.fer tbe. Sun- : day trading by-Jaws of the Adelaide Corpora- ' tion, the decisions of the court below wera ! quashed and the by-law was held to be good, i and a penalty of £1 was impjsad. j In the matter of the Qaeeu v. the Adelaide j Steamship Company, and the Adelaide Steam- ■ ship Company v. Webb, a role for reference ta ; arbitration was granted by consent. The i matter of the United Free Churches Endow- j nient Society {Incorporated) v. Matter* was ' adjourned for further amendment* in the -, record on payment of costs of tbe da; by the plaintiffs. If the amendment were i;ot made ! within a week the demurrer to bs allowed witu ; costs. Tbe appeal in the cue of Taylor v. i Vjordoo was ordered to stand over for a week, I In Brewster v. Hitcheox, a rule nisi for argu- ' went, the rule wan ordered to be amended on ! the pajnient of two guineas costs, la Bauks v. [ Koetoin couusel stated that the matter was in : course of settlement out of court; aJjourncJ j for a week. In the matter of tbe District Council of Mitcham v. the Adelaide, Unley, • ai_d Mitcham Tramway Company a rule j nisi for a mandamus to compel the : defendants to du certain works in con- ; ncction with their line, the absence of wLich interfered with the public safety aud ! the drainage of the district, was granted. lu J rLirdy v. Hardy a decree vi.-i wad made abso- ! lute. In JJury v. Bank of Sontb Australia, a > demurrer u> a puitiou of tbe defence, tiie Je- J tuurier was a)lowe>l with costs, tbe defeudauU to have liberty to awvad their plca-i by i'aes lay i uext. j 1e referrirg to the meeting held in the ! Twva Hall abuut the middle of l&at; Jttae, at ! which such startling statement* were made by i Mr. Jaivis about the distress exUting in Ade- ! 'a de,the London ixtUt/ Chronicle of October 1 j mr-kes the ioJiowiiig pertinent remarks:— u In- I tending emigrants to South Australia will I scarcely be «ncou>aged to hear that a public j meeting was recently convened by the mayor j if Adelaide, incompliance with a numerously j sigued request, to take into consideration I tbe distress existing amongst the industrial j l*>pu?ation. A city missionary, we are told, | gave a harrowing account of sufferings he ( iifcd witnessed. aiUsionaries, however, are i si lLetimes given to exaggeration, and we fear I ttf worthy uator ou this occasion endeavored j to work uptn the fceiisgs of his audience ! let political ad much as for philanthropic j>ur£oses. 'There was not more poverty iu England,' he observtd, ' than there was in Adelaide at the present day in insertion to the population.' Evidently, tLiL, tLe pevple iu Adelaide are no worse but mil <?r Letter off as regards the consequences of <e; rerskm than wo are here. But the benevo- j It-i?j city missionax)" nnfortunately recommended i \br.'. tte distiets should be met by the adoption tit policy which could only tend still further :<_• eegtavate it. TLe real object of the meeting ?a? evidently to get up an agitation ia favor of protection, and the missionary warnot alone in aUviaing tbat steps should be taken 'to keep the manufacture of bridges and other ironwork in the colony.' In other woids, these wiseacres advocated the imposition of prohibitive duties on manufactured iron and steel imported from this country. The city missionary and his friends would thus meet the distress in the colony by throwing out of work the same num ber of men in Sngland that would be required to make the girders, roils, &c;, in Ade'iaido, and he would further compel the colonial Govern ment to tax the colonists to the amount of the increased expenditure for bridges and j other public works which would be involved in j the extra price paid for the girders, rails, ic, I of native manufacture. Moreover, if the ab surd policy proposed were adopted, the agricul turists of the colony, who at present espoit pro duce to this country to the amount of something j like four millions annually, would be heavily j handicapped by being obliged to pay more for implements and machinery. People who insist upon buying in the dearest market are not likely to grow rich. New Soutb Wales is the most prosperous of our colonies, because its Government has been wise enough to adopt free trade. Adelaide suffers from want of capitalists; but if it desires to make matters woree than they ore at present, this disastrous result could not be more spee<<i!y accomplished than by the adoption of the policy of protection, I which simply means tbe taxation of the whole of the colonists for the benefit of a few." The minds of many colonists have lately been much exercised on tbe subject of spiritu alism, and''seances" have for a long time been a topic of conversation in private life. There is no doubt that the movement has of late re ceived an impetus from the advent of Professor Baldwin, the "exposer,"and Mr. Tyerman, the "■ believer." and now it ia said that a large number of sober-minded members of our com munity can be claimed as thorough- going spiritualists. The newest sensation in Adelaide is that of the spirit photographs and paintings, which have been exhibited in the shop window of Messrs. S. Marshall * Sons, and which we recently noticed in a brief paragraph. We then described these productions in the following terms: — "In tbe photographs a party of gentlemen are seated at a table, and a shadowy figure, which presumably is intended to repre sent a spirit, is seen in tbe foreground." The paintfngs need not be again referred to, as they have no connection whatever with the sub ject we aie bow dealing with. On Friday morning. November 21. Mr. George Freemao. the manager of the Melbourne Photographic Oom pany, called at our office, and stated that he had discovered bow spirit photos were pro (laced. At his reqtuat a reporter was dispatched to his office, and in a few minutes aiter !iis arrival Mr. Freeman announced that he wa-t ready to call up the- spirits. Accordingly our reporter and two of Mr. Freeman's assistant* took tbeir seats at a ami)! table at one end ot tbe portrait room. They were desired to pro serve as serious a demeanor as was pro giliio under the circumstances, and to rest tbuir bands lightly on tbe table in tbe orthodox fashion. In a few minutes Mr. Free man announced that everything was ready,and tbat the spirits bad fulfilled their mission. A iDoro was torn made to the dark room, and the usual washes having been applied to tbeaensitiva plate, the figures of the sitters cuno out with ! two peculiar lights hovering over them. The j similarity of tbis portrait to those in theposses { sii-n of Mr. Saraueils was strikingly apparent, | aid if a spiritualist hid seea them he would | no doubt have claimed that they had been pro i deced by some agency not generally supposed to i ! bt- in harmony with tbe laws governing the i : earth. Mr. Kreemiin next undertook to explain 1 the modus eprramli by which he wad able to I rival the spirits in photography. A pioca .of glass Wns properly prepared and placed lin the slide in the ordinary manner. ■ Mr..Freeman then clcsed the slide and took up [ a puce of common cardboard having two irre f giiiar holes cut in it. This he placed ou the front of the slide, aud witn>lra.wiug the frame t opened the window of the dark room so as to | aliu* the light to fall through tbe holes in toe ! cardboard ou to the sensitive plate for the space I of Lalf astcoml. then closed tbe window and ' Ue frame of tbe slide, and announced that all i ?aa ready fur the second experiment. He ex • plained that the action of the sun when the i slide was exposed had imprinted on the plate 1 the necessary light blotches or "spirit*," and i that when the sitters were photographed the Ir* presentation would bo similar to those ex \ hiDhed at Messrs. Marshall'*. The original i formula of sitting round the table was ' repeated, and the spirits of Messrs. Jones ! anil Smith having been solemnly invoked the | camera did its work, and the result was a ; gieater sacces« in tbe matter of clearness than j Icu tte first occasion. It will have been noticed | tbat tbe photos said to have been done by the ! sj.eucy of ghosts appear to have been produced lin the dark as is claimed for them. Mr. Frce- I n-aii'j photos also possess this effect, which he | explains is brought about by the "' under ex- j piisirg" cf the sensitive plate, as they were : taken in the ordinary light room. Mr. Freeman > | feels confident that he h.vt ducovervd the means ' whereby spirit photographs are produce 1, an<l j !be intends to prosecute his experiment* still ; ' further. Whether his theory be trae or not i tbe fact remains tbat he is able to bring about ! r'milar effects to those claiming to hare been accomplished in a very different manner. Mr. ! Fit-emau would possibly not object to person* | Feeling an interest in tbe matter seein? the photographs be ha*, and no doubt he will give ; thtm a position in bis studio. A meeting of tb-j ratepay.-rs of Ilini- j marsh 19 to be beiJ at the iiu:itaie hill, U:nJ- I maisb. this evening. . Services to celebrate the- thirtieth anni- T<:>ary cf the Port Adelaide Coorfre^ationai Cl-'.reh will be fceld to- morrow, when two ; «. icon* will be preached, the Rev. B. A. Fernio. | >; .\ , tii,ciat!Dg in tbe morning, and tae Her. ! II S. Caseiy in the evening. ' The Ljcch Family of Be!!ringer3 visited ! Siitcbarala&t; evening, ami attracted an excel- ■ lrut attebdabce. From first to last the enter- ! taiiisofnt vis eminently successful, aod the ' auiiifnce were cot backward in expressing their ! taJ;ii?cuou. ; Thi-re was a mfvtemto attendance at tue Ac3t!cmy of lluic on Vi\ iay evening, srbeu ( '- Li;e in tbe ;'u"itfi" was p!sved for the luts ■ tile. To-night Mrs F. M l^tM au.l Mr. Theo. | li?n.iitcu m.\k.-- tLeir first appearance at the : iioiiemv in "Itgomar,"* a popular play. aa<l ', ci>~ in which bo:h thoe actors have rereived | t .ry f&vorable; ecCvnniuou frum the pr&u; of ttu> . a,.joining colonies. | To-day the .South Adelai les and Nor woods meet for the tir.-.t time this season, and ! there can be very little doubt as to tbe result ■ of the match. The Kensingtons and Sooth ' Australians are also to try conslusions, and ' tbe former may be safely predicted ! s4 tbe winners. The Adelaide and Snbur- ' I an Aamriation fixtures are—Port v. Bowden ! Tjro, South Park t. Oollegp Park, and ! r-!t-n?u'e v. Adelaide Central. The National I .^'rfciaticu appointments are— \ 'nited Trades ! n?-n v. Albert. South United v. Hilton, and ' Union v. "West Torren*. I A. corcttt was given by seveial lady , bIC gectlrmen amateurs at tha Norwood Town i liail en Friday tveiiuijf. NoTetnuer il. in aid of . IL.- funds of th« Eeusington and Norwood In- j •ti;uie- The attendaucc was atnall. but the i j i« gramme, which ccn.isttil of sotoa, sjn^a, aud ; i Urts, 'was well carried out. "A twopenny ; i ?ile in a tr?n.tar"* by Mr. TV". H. Ouun ; tin: a ctn.ic soug " Naughty, Naught}" by too j .-MiiU auiattur seeuied t<> be the most appre- j r: u ied, but Mr. A O. lwctsun's pianoforte per 1, lu-aicfs ?er? worthy ot special mention, also j H.e -tng liy Mr. A. Ki*i:u, •• ahe word a .vreath i o! ro^€S." j A service o'sonir, entitl-.ti " The Woman } it Sairaria," was -iveu in the Norwood Wes- j >ry*u CLuil-U on tri.laj tveuiu^, November 21, j in aid of iht- school funds. Tha attendance was j vciy small, but tne singing on the whole was I f-xccllent, aint ielkcteti great credit upon those j ilo had tiie training ot the Sunday-school ! tl.ildreu for lie service. Tbe must enjoyable < 1 iumwasthf piece "Lead me to Jesus," which I I «t-btained & trebl.- ?010. alto aud treble duet, and 1 crctas. Tte church choir also contributed seve ial stlcctioiiu. Misa Petty sang a hymn, eom jo.-ed by Mr. Nanearrow, of l'oit AJilaitie, en tilled "Good night till then" in a very enjoy able , icai ner. The Kev. S. Knight gave the couneo t;Vf readiugs. Mr. James Kettdall acte<! tut can- i i:iu!or, and Mr. Joeeph Kendall filled the posi- ' i.u^ cf diiector. A meetjcg of gentlemen interostej in the lVrr.atioa ct a society for the practice and tiikimauce of instrumental music was held on rV-.cay evening, November 21. There were h'uvi't twelve performers present, and apologies j ?tif received from several others. Mr. Robert I Kr.y was elected tu the chsir. and the prospect* ut liie sutcewi of ?uth a society were discussed. It «as resolved that the society should be called the ''Adelaide Oickrgtral Society," and the cl-fciiiEan wbs requested to commiinicate with j Hu- Kictllencj tLeUovernor,aakuighis patron- I t-e. Mr. George Oughtcn was unanimously ■ rh utttl coLdnctur, and stated his willingness to I accept the position. After an animated conver- j sat ion the meeting was adjourned till Wednea- j dav,tte 26th itst., when the first practice will ; be J:tM. The society, which numbers upwards j of twenty members, includes tha names of : mauy of oar leading amateur instrumentalists. A literary and musical entertainment in aid of tbe Adelaide Society of the New Church was given in the Town Hall Exchange Boom on Friday evening, November 2L The Rev. B. &. I?ay occupied the chair. A choice and varied {Tcgrammc was presented, the various items of which were greatly appreciated by a large audience. The duet " Home to our Mountains 1' waa deservedly encored, and a similar compli ment was paid to tbe glee "On tha wings of wotc'Eg." Tke fitce tie ,-tsistaace of the pro gramme was Longfellow's "Blind Girl of Caste! CuiiJe," which was recited with con siderable elfect by a lady. The realism of the recitation was augmented by a series of tableaux vivants.. which deserved the applause with v.hk-h they were greeted. A popular descrip tion of tbe sideieal heavens was given in a short addieas entitled "Ten miuutes among the stare." The performance concluded with the I ** Soiig of Australia." *. s^~ The attention of the settlers in the Kotthern Areas is directed to Messrs. Ferry, Mooie. & "Wilkinson's sale of Draught Mare* and Geldings, at Georgetown, on Tuesday, 25th iost. The horses have lately arrived car st«amer Victorian from Melbourne, and are an unusually fice lot. 