SOUTH AUSTRALIAN CONGREGA- TIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. The half-yearly meetings of the South Aus tralian Congregational Union and Home Mis sion were held at the North Adelaide Congrega tional Church on Tuesday, October 28. In the morning a devotional service was conducted by the Bev. O. Copland. There were only a few persons present;. The public and delegates* business meetings were afterwards held. Thb Ghaibman's Addeess. The Kev. J. McEwin (Chairman of the Union), who presided, delivered the custo mary half-yearly address, his subject being. iif The secret of power.' The Eev. H. Cheetham: proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman for his paper. Ho thought the paper was full of truth and correct both in doctrine and practice. The Bev. M. M» Dick seconded, expressing his entire acquies cence with the remarks made by the chairman, both as regarded the present sources of weakness in the church and the elements of power. He yas of opinion that the half- yearly meetings £f the Union should be devoted to the con fleration of such subjects as that dealt with the paper to a far greater extent than rmerly. The Eev. O. Coplako agreed with this, and signified his approval of the sentiments, of the chairman expressed in the paper. Mr. B. Searle, the Bevs. J. Fergusson and F. Searle,, and Mr. j. Davis also recorded their approval of the paper, and the motion was carried. FEBSOMAX HBHBBB, &C.; TheEev. W. E. Flbtch^M. A., proposed Mr. F. Searle as a personal member. He expressed the hope that the time would not be far distant when Mr«Searle would attend their meetings as the pastor of one of their churches. He warmly congratulated Mr. Searle on his safe return from England. Carried. A welcome was accorded Mr. Browning, a member of the Collins-street Church, %ha was on a visit to the colony. '^ BOIi OF DELEGATES. The MrNTJTB-SECBETABY read the roll-call as follows:— Stow Church— Bev. W. E. Fletcher, Eev. C. Hall, Messrs. W. Butt, H. A. Crawford,. . - A. Dowie, B. Stuckey, J. J. Stuckey, H. Dean, W. Berry, D. B. Adamson, and V. Bobin. North Adelaide— Eev. O. Copland, Messrs. G. t Phillips, J. M. Anderson, J. J. Green, J. F. Oonigrave, A. Gore, A. S. Devonian, B. Searle,, 3'. Porter, A. Pomeroy, W* H. Ti*e, blaster, i ?end J; M. Anderson. : BSndmacelirsqqareOharch —Messrs. W, -J. Suik, S. WWtoaftre,. Ct Smedley, J. M. Dowie, And- W. D. Giyde,. Port Adelaide-^Rfev. M. M.TDick* -MessuH. 3D. STicheimore, H. Ernes, R. vJohasoa^iand J. i -£allaatyne. Glenelg— Itev^cMfcathorpeyand s Jtfr. J. Caterer, CUayfem— Bey. % Hope, and | .Messrs. O. Wood, A. Sfco w, and ,T. Giterer. j SindmacshrrdEtov. J, McSmn, And Messrs. J, Mitton and S. Smith Gawler — Messrs* J, 3-aTies and B. fi. ©eland. Port YdQtQr,&ool;?ra, and Bald Hills— ^ev.-O. Hodge. M*ccle9 field : ^-Rev. J. C. McMichael. Milaug— Rev, H. -Jheetham. Maolaren Vale— Rev. J. Howie. Boeder Town— JEtev.D. Milne, . Salisbury— Rev ; Mi B- Ferguson., Alma and Hamley ; Bridge— , IBav. E. G. Atkinson, and Messrs. John and Joseph Bell. ; ?..-.. . ; ?: rBOGEBSS BBPOBT. J The MnsroTESBCBBrAETread the half-yearly ; tirogress report to follows ;-^ ~ ' ? ' Your committee', present their interim ' areporfc to the council in the unusual elf- ', oumstance of our gathering being la ^Ade laide instead of ia dae ot pur country : or ' suburban churches — a case which 'has not ; occurred since 1866. They would take the. op;- '? portuuity of saying at once that it is extremaly -desirable that the &alT-year;}j;jnee$iug should be held in a suburban 'or Scduntry church, aud i;he eommitteelwouW;regr«t4d se& our old cus- ; torn fall into abeyance: 4-ut unless the invita ison should come from -such a church jnfsuf-. -£cient time for due preparation to? be made, i the committee ^?iU be - obliged in future ! to hold the ineetings in Adelaide. ¥onr ; committee would strongly recommend the ' council to * fix the place of its half- ; yearly meeting at its annual gathering. ^ Your : ^committee are also sorry to find that with ail ; the increasing facilities for travel- there is an in- : ?creasing difficulty felt in inducing friends in Adelaide to -co far into the country — a-factto: oe deplored In the interest of our country : brethren, bat which they suppose is to be^c- ; ?counted for by the increasing Strain of cotnmer- ! ?cial life in i;he -metropolis. ^Ehe-annual meet- j ings were held in Adelaide from April thfe first \ to the fourth Inclusive, thus running over four I -Iays instead of. the usual three; The attend- j ance of ministers and delegates ou those days; ' was 59, 56, 48, and 26 respectively, the closing service -beiag appropriately -devoted f to the -Children, at which there was a good attendance of both young- and *Ad. ? An -opinion from this -council on the hours of meeting and length of ?. time might not be ? unfitting as a guide to your committee in future arrangements for the an-' nual meeting. The committee then elected by j the council has undergone a change .from the; fact of Mr, &. -BX Hodge naving3agen inadver-i : tently elected by you after he had declined the, -'service, and yoor ^committee filled, up. the; .-vacancy by electing^ Mr. Jos Pardon to makeup! ,^efoU number. iGbcantsiiatie^been made to the' ' foUowing^hurohe&.wfth the coudiSions here in-: l -dicated:rJP/orb Yictor- andri&oolwa;, !£40,- on; \- ^condition *f .raising £1604 Green's Plains (for iOree hite),£25; ^Maitilattd^d650, fin raising; M2Q', BorderTowja, iBSO, oja rawme £W Tort Pirie, £100von: raising £200 ; Maoolesfield, ^50 per cent, up t£ $159 si&sgdr; by the churcU ;! Shipley, £&. Ministerial Supply !*nd Changes.; —In the annual report the $ev* T.E.O. Mell's ..departure fronxJhe polony was spoken of as ? 3mminent,.and_he has since left us and settled it Prahran, in Victoria; but the vacant pastp . fate has been filled- by the E^v.E. H.^Spott, lately from Oheshttut College. vTiie JRey. A«i ^eales has.fJef$ mipr, Melbourne, 4nd;in gojag ihas left a space^n the iieid of - ministerial iabpr, \ which will not easily be ^lled; 3?he 3y?._ .§l\ Buchanan has returned to the jcene of his ? former evangelistic; work in .Western Australia.' To both these brethren letters of commendation have been given by your committee to ^he -churches in the neighborhoods to which: they have gone. The Btevs ,M. M.; Whittod -will leave the charge he ~ has, held ati -Gawler since June, 1876, and proceed . i i Victoria at the end of , November. Th V -church at Gawler have made a request to your -committee to render them aid in the supply of the pulpit until they can nod a suitable suc-j ?cessor to Mr. Whitton. The cpjnmiJttee of the -Colonial Society in London have contributed to; the travelling expenses of two brethren well; known to us in South Austoalia— ,the Eevj 'William Wilson, who sailed in the St. Vincent' About the endof Augusts and Mr. F.- $earle, who lias completed his F fall course at New Oollege^j -and sailed in the Hesperus; on the 1st of Sap ) Member. , It 4bt hoped that .both these brethren; -will «p_e£dily find suitable j openings ff or labar in the Master's cause in this colony. Correspon , deuce has^een carried onjwithse^eral ministers; ? '. jw. the neighboring colonies and elsewhere .jv&o.wera; desirous of coming to 5pnth Aus tralia, but hijbhertowithoirtrany definite resulti ^Phe hiy preachersf have continued their most impor^it work in the various places open to, .^bhem, with much interest and profit to the ~£^pletttdY&iii;&mntat;^^ha,re drafted^ set -ii rules wluch|t4s hoped may be the means of ? tffingiBg the-whple.body pf pur lay preachers , ^-otit ia (town and country into harmonious co-| ^perationT^e scheme, so drawn up. will be presented to the ^phncJl ingroper f arm, Depu-; ' tations have been sent from your committee to; . ^ehurches seeming :tp :reguire such friendly1 aid; in emergencies that have arisen, jTjfcie nrst-case ~ vras the visit of th§ ^y/J^.R.jFergnson^o ., -Green's Plains, which, resulted in the. mainte nance of public worship and Ohrisfeian oidu nances in that place with the yalaed help ? «of ; what .was really the mother churph at JEladina. Mr. Ferguson's intimate acquaintr ance with the place and people 'rendered iim a «jm^galarly- fittedagentfor«uch a.work. In the' . second case our expeiieneed townsman, Mr. . Smedley, went over to Alma and Hamley .Brjdge, and your committee believe that a satis '- factory result followed, and that his presence -was greatly valued by the friends in those iplaces. Openings for.Evangelififeic Work.— The friends interested' in the formation of a new XJbiistianorgftnization aWJollege Parkhave taken ^ very decided step va, advance in calling for ten sierfiforthebuildingoaasomewhatreducedscale, add finally deciding on that of Mr. J. Wark for -: the sum of £3,062. The building operations ^re now iauiy commeucea, ana we vaurcu may rfee^ypected to be ready by the middle of nest /year. This work is of so great importance that it should call forth all the prayerf ulness and jail the energy that the Congregational body -can employ to bring it to a successful issue, and it should engage our devoutest prayerf ulness that the Shepherd and Bishop of our churches may guide wisely and holiljr the ^hearts of all concerned in this effort to extend; our borders. Miscellaneous. — The property. ,at Kooringa bo long held and so little used by us -denominationally, having been applied . for x-a lease for secular purposjes,youreommittee. finding themselves unable itflet it in such a way;oSered it to the South Australian Mining 'Asstfeiatidi^ 'under whom they held it/ and have agreed to surrender all claim to it for the sum of iglOOJ It is expected that this transfer will be khortlj;' effected, and the money received. A friend' at Stirling East having offered -to 'your 'com- znittee a' price of }and about half an ^.cre in. extent for church purposes, y6ur;com-r mittee .gladly accepted . Mr. Teague's offer^ andptepsare being taken for the legal transfer -of the land for the use of the denomination* ; ~Tbe census which your, comniittee have endeaT -vored to obtain is stilt, incomplete. 'Some 'churches explicitly decline' to fill np the'f orm sent to them, and others have, not-returned the ?paper at all, so that the matter, important as , your cpmmittee conceive ifc to be, still remains '' Tuifinished. The Year Book will not 'be Sprinted ' 'for t^he jete 1B80, but it is 1 ally expected that #1#ps w^l'be: ^ takeh-fbrits publication in 188i viirsu'ch a^form as to'fceless Mostly than the pre* ' ieedin£ publications^iicaW been, .^aiid yet to pre-^ serve its usefulness unimpaired. The comtait tee of tneNewSonth Watesl^nionnaviiigsought the presence ofa^''m^fers'-^-nthis.;councU who may be yjusjtina th'at*coi.Ony'durittgiJhe 'piei «ent season, . ybur committbelia^© delegated, Mr^ ' T. W. Har^'Jto repre^1;0ia it any tQeeting^ :'fat^hich' he1 may be-prl^s^^hQ. Cfongtejaj 'Jtitjnailjni,oir of Tasmania; Intending td hilft a] ? ' jupilee pfHi^e jintroauefcib^ndf XJbngregattpnal^m 'inttt AuSttalagia'about ^aivoh, 1880, naV^-asfcecl \ the^ppeVaibibn of this -Upon th6rem^.5r6«ii ' v5pj^ttiitte0 H&Te; Jgiven ageneral answer to 'tbiir enquiries on the matter, and have i referred the ; decision ©f the whole case to the wtisdom of this : council at xts present~meeting.' ' ' ? ? The Property Sub-Oommittee reported as to '. Tbhe Aldinga, Kobringa, Brighton Cemetery, j Orafers, Alberton, Border Town/ and otheir : ^ The following draft . rules for organ- j ising lay preachers* associations; local aud generaVwere adopted at the last meetiag o! the ? committee of the pongregatipnal Union :- -' 1. 'That each of iiie city and suburban churches be ; requested tb organise a band of lay ' preachirt, ; to undertake Ohristian work in its own neigh borhood, 2, That, a Central Lay Preachers*; A^sopliatujn be 'formed, -consisting 'of the mem- \ hereof ,all the local asspciafiiohs j membership I inr one of these local1 ;sp6iet:ea entitling to L membership . in the central assbeiatwri. 3. ^Tjkait'jthe' central association shall ©lact; '. its,'-. .own ' secretary, who shall keep a list 'of *^U. the members and shall furnish' 'a. ..copy i-f such list and a report of the tvork Tthat is being undertaken at the annual and! ' lialt-yearly meetii^s ^ of '' the; . Oangregaiiipn. 'CThioh^anaHdme Mission, ^Thateacjiof/the churches shall send a. notice Of 'iny 'da'^uges in . or additions to the roll of its Own association to -the secfetjiry' of the centralbody. 5. That a quarterly meeting of the central association be held.Swhen such preaching appoiutmaats may be made as are npt provided for by the local assa «iatiohs; -6/ 'Thslt^'the country churches bej ^encouraged to send from tima to time to the secretary of the central association a list of tjbelr own lay preachers, together with a state-; vm5Sntt-f the work: which is being done, and that,' the roll of such lay preachers be published in tfee Year-Book.' T Thesnb-committJSB's report on church exten sion was as follows : — '* 1. We think^hat the Ques tion of a ministerial agent should be postpoued ' for the present. 2. We; recommend that the: ministers and office-bearers of our churches should exert themselves to bring forward young; men to enter Union College as students for the: Taainistry, it being felt thst the efforts of a min isterial agent would to a very large extent be: ineffective unless iihere 'was a supply of youag '- men ready to occupy the positions as 'they were; 'opened. 3. We would recommend, however,1 that inean while the committee should take steps to provide feat aft assistedichurches shoald-T-ifi they are ^illirig-^be'viiBifed^not less -seldom' than once a year by a delegate from the Cdm 'mittee^-': ; .' ? '? '? ' ^ v - - -'?''?' ! The Studferits* Comuiil*eereporfcea as follows ? — ^'One jjyoung man (Mr. Palmer) presented himself before the committee as a candidate for admission to Union -College as a studentj assisted by us. He passed thW^pVelftainary .ek-? amina^ionB withcredit, and has been engaged-in ' stuay dnring tfie year. : Our delegates to Union College report favorably as to bis progress. We, hope that the churches will soon make the acquaintance of Mr. Palmer in then? various' nulnits. and that many others' will soon follow inhis^athway. We ought to aim at having sit students at least in training in different stages ol theircpurse ; and as the course lasts for three years thatwould give us two students to enter j up^ntheir^6rk:€achyeaT.w - ; Some discussion took place regarding the ar rangements in connection with the next annual; meeting, but it was decided to leave the matter -in^eitana»^-&e-eoBMmttee7; -l&connection; with the proposed Tasmanian jubilee the minute; secretary stated Jha|I jbtiie' ^Fasmanian Uaionj desired to hold a jubilee on thelSObh^anniversaryl ? of the eBtabliBhTnentrof^CongrBgationalismin the; southern hemisphere, and were anxious that the South Australian and other colonial Unions should cb^olVerate'withtheai.' The correspoud- ing secretary had^nttea for, further particulars; which hao^btWifeeirrfeigivdd^ 'After a little conversational discussion the following resolu-j tion irad passed r-^-** That this Union expresses] ' its sympathy with the proposal, and trusts that wheniihe time arrived some representative from this Union 'would, be able to attend.' ^ discussion on the subject of church extension; was initiated by the Rev. E.G. Atkinson, who' disagreed with the idea of the : committee that they tsould riot carry on church extension unfcii they had a sufficient number of students. The Rev. W. R. .Fletcheb said the committee thought it would be of no avail to open causes unless they bad a sufficient number of young men to carry on the work after 'it had been commenced. On 'the motion of the Bev. M. M* Dicat the Teport was received. ? ;t I ' - 'FlSAirCE EEPOBT. : fSx.'W. :.i3, :'Btjik, the treasurer, stated tliat owing' to the fact; that the country and suburban churches had not paid the customary amoan£ towards the fund the year had'been begun with a balance in band of £45 '7b. Id., and £1S$ 18s. ^d. had been received up to date, making a total of £236 18s. lid. The disbursements had Deen— Grants for the first six months, £91 . 15b.j' other expenses, £61 16s. \ making a total of £153 11s., leaving a balance of £83 7s. lid. ' The comniittee had been obliged, owing to shortness of funds, tb 'Hold over £91 .5s. which was i due to several churches as \part grants-inlaid. This amount, with itme or two other sums due, would if paid', leave the committee about £40 in debt. Ta'e ' repbrt'was received. J , ; *' ' \ '-.'.'.'. ~ THE MAGAZINE. . j The report^of the_. Magazine Cpnamitfceb showed that the assets in connectipn with the magazine were £156, and the liabilifcies £83 3d. The commitjbee. complained that the Presbytery did not carry out the terms of the agreement of association made in 1875. The Presbytery had agreed to take 350 copies, but this number was not nearly subscribed for by their represenr tativies. The comoattee felt some steps shoulijl Be taken to alter the present stater;of affairs^ r and asked for permissipn ta act as they should think best in the matter. The necessary atltho rity was given. The question of appointing a manager in place of Mr. J. F. Oonigrave, who resigned his position, was left to the committee;. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Conigrave. The report was received. I UNION COIXBGE. '. The Bev. W. B. Fjubxchbb read the report of Union College as follows: — 'During th& year which is now in progress the work of Onion College has been carried on with nnusual vigor under the new methods of procedure, which were inaugurated last autumn. The course of instruction has been framed on the basis of a ministerial education, and an attempt is beinz made to provide far more fully than heretofore for the requirements of a rising ministry. Tab has lessened the number of the students, but has increased the work of the professors. We have onlyjfour students inthecallege, which is a saiall but a satisfactory beginning/ One of these belongs to the Bible Ctiristiaus, two to 'the Presbyterians, and one to ourselves (Mr, Palmer), and none to the ^Baptists. The classes being mainly held in the day time lay students' have only enrolled themselves for attendance on one class, viz.,t thaj; for the study of practical homilefcics. These young men are doing good service by their earnest preaching of the gospel. During the year a programme^ of an al^iiional scheme of study and examination has beenissued for students not attending lectures. . We trust by this means to do something Jbd raise .' the standard of mihisterialefiiciency,npt only 'among our associated denominations, but among others as well. Yourdelegates have attended the meet ings of committee with praiseworthy regularity, and have given earnest attention tb the difficult and delicate matters which have come before us'in arranging the fpundation principles of college work and in managing its finances. . Peiv sonally, as a professor, I can speak cordially and hopefully of the progress and zeal of our friend Mr. l'aImer,THia can only express the hpp8 that We had more such among us. We ought not tp rest till %fe have at least six students in con nection'mtbour;c'hurches,-iiwo of whom leaving 1sti& college every year would easily find their fitBnglbcationiamongou'r churches or in fresh fields of evangelistic' labor.*' Mr. Fletcher als6 said last year tTni-m-3oltege had a great many more students' than at present, b^t what were its' classes? : A. country minister had bharacf ierised .Tjntbn: College !as\a- night scnool for Melaide^miday--srfiool 'teachers. (Laughter. I '.This atter^ll- was.not an inapt designation o : ?vs^aat tHe college had been., 'It :did riot- do-tho : work it was required tb dp. ,3t£ was estafoHslie- l to; do the work whiclb. was novr being !donu hj'-'iih.e ? University ,'atiji \ also \t-6' tyaiii the rising .ministry. The University had taken the wind out of their ^sails in regard to general education, and the night-school order of . things which had existed, was not likely to accomplishthe work of ^educating the ministry. The students. formerly went and caine as they liked, and the tutors had no hold upon them, thus there was nothing solid in the work done. It had been arranged that the proper students should pass,, firstly, their own denominational ' test, and afterwards the test of the college com mittee as etuaenta for 'the .ministry. Arrange ments had been made as to allowing ; £50 to each dehprnination towards the support of the .students.' One remarkable change had taken .place. It arose from a suggestion which came frpm the Bible Christians. They had issued a code of rules providing for a series of exami nations running over three successive years, to be entered upon by young ' ministers in the country, local preachers and others, or anybody else. Anybody passing three of these examina tions might have the certificate of the college as an association, not the full certificate of having passed the college curriculum. The course would not be so thorough as that pursued by ?the college students, but would be of such a character that no young mail would go through it without being benefited. He expressed the hope that a larger number of young meu would : come forward, and that the work of the college would be furthered. ^Tte1 report was received. ' CHAPEt BCTILDIKG SOGIETr. r The Congregational Chapel Building Society reported that arrangements had been made to grant , a loan of £250 to the Border Town Church, to be repaid in twelve years. A loan of £200 had been accepted by the Port Pirie Church for seven years. After comparing the. advantages offered by various building societies the committee had decided that one of the Adelaide permanent societies offered the neces sary facilities. At the request of the Clayton Church the term of the loan of £150 on the schoolroom had been extended to March 31, 1880\. The church at Port Victor proposed pay ing £50 off their loan of £300 by the same date. The chapel at Wallaroo, was still used as a schoolroom, and had bean transferred to the ecciety. Correspondence had' taken place re specting the .chapel .at Kingston, the Ciirisbiao body, who had not been able to secure a minis-' ter,wishing to be relieved of paying rent. A pro position had been made to the Kadina Church ' with a view to assisting them to get rid of taeir lpng- standiog liability to the society, so that the loan pi £250 might be cleared off in seven years. Fifty pounds of the 'Clayton Roberts; Fund' had been drawn out of the Savings Bank and placed on good security for a short term at a higher rate of interest. The report was; received; .. , ! CHUBCH TEUST IVEEOS. , . . : In connection with this subject, which ha-i been discussed at previous meetings, the RevJ J. B. Feeguson proposed that letters should be; forwarded to the various churches, asking them1 to consider the advisability of transferring thej chui$hj-roperty fronathe hands of the present^ trustees to. the CoHgregatipBal Union. He pro-; posed that 'this should be done with the view of j decreasing the liability of the properties to; be lost in consequence Of the changing and ex piry of trustees. The union being a permanentj body; the property legally committed to its carej would be safe. After some discussion it was i resblved that the letter should be referred to the PTOpert^Sub-^Jommittee. . j ?..'?? ????' : !TBE BBV. H. H. CHBBTHAM.- j ?The'ltev. W, B. Flbtcheb moved— 'Thati this ceuncil, acknowledging the hand of G-dl in I preserving 'for so many years of ministerial! labor our venerable friend, the Bev. M.. S.j Cheetham, - instructs the committee to take! such steps as may be deemed most suitable to) commemorate the jubilee of his ministry, which will take place in the month of December next J He thought this was only what was due td Mr.« Cheetham, who had served in the colonial ministry for thirty years, and previously foij twenty years. The Bev. .J. C. McMicsael seconded. Carried. The Bev. Mr. CHBBrHA.M thanked the meeting for its cordial adoption^ the motion. j ? CHURCH FINAN3E. | Mr. C. Sme»i,ey, who was to have read a paper on this subject, said by way of apology that it must be left to every individual churca to manage its finances in its own way, and thus it would not be advisable to lay down any hard and fast scheme. It might suit one or two -churches; but could not, on account of the variety of the circumstances ia different cases!, be generally acceptable. , -. Several gentlemen expressed regret that Mr|. Smedley had not presented a paper, and that a better opportunity had not been afforded for dis cussing such an important subject. I papbbs. j The Bev. W. K. . Eletcheb, M.A., read a paper on 'Young Men's Societies,' and Mr,. A. Gobs on 'The Christian Sabbath,' and votes of thanks were recorded to both gentlemen. ; The business being concluded, the meetings were closed with prayer. , ; ; 1 ' : ? ^ ? The memorial ^tone of the new Congre gational Church at College Park is to be laid about the middle of next month. ; .The fouHdation-8tone of the Glenelgne^ Congregational Church was laid on Mouda^r afternoon, October 27, by Mr. J. Counsell, J.Pi, in the presence of a large number of spectators. The Revs. C. Manthorpe, W. &. Fletcher, MA(, O. Copland, and W. Howie also took part in the ceremony. Tea and -public meetings, which were largely attended, were held subsequently in the old church. At the latter addresses were delivered by the Bevs. O. Manthorpe, J. Henderson, A. J. Bogle, Messrs. W. H. Phillips, and A. Stow. j The anniversary services in connection with the Alberton Baptist Church were held on Sunday, October 26, and were conducted by thb Bev. 3. H. Angus and the Bev. H. J. Lambert, in the morning and evening respectively. The usual tea and public meetings took place on the following day, the latter being presided over by Mr. C, H. Goode. No report was read but this Bev.. M. Lloyd, the minister of the church', spoke a few words expressive of the tolerably healthy state of the church. Before the pro ceeding closed the Bevs. J. Price, S. Raymond, and J. W. Bamber delivered addresses. j The Rev. D. O'Donnell, the populair Weflleyan minister, left by Wednesday's steamejr for Melbourne, on his way to Sydney to visit the Exhibition, the Kent Town circuit having given him a month's leave of absence. Oh Tuesday a number of friends met at Mr. M,. Eingsborough's office, and presented ' M?. O'Donnell with a purse containing thirty sovereigns to assist in defraying the expenses of the trip. Mr. O'Donnell is not only an able preacher, much esteemed by adherents of other churches as well as by Wesleyans, but is one of the best lecturers in South Australia. . A largely-attended missionary meeting was held in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall on Wednesday evening, October 29. Mr. Jamejs Scott, J.P., occupied the chair. He stated thaft . support should be given to missions by all Christians.' The Rev. J. S.Austin, missionary from Samoa, delivered an interesting address principally on the Sampan mission. He gave an encouraging account of the progress which had been inade in the work in which the missionaries were engaged. He narrated; personal experiences, and r made an earnest . appeal for help to extend the present fields of labor: r ! Anniversary services were held at the Norwood Wesleyan Church on Sunday, October 26, and on Monday evening tea and public meetings were held in the church. The gather- ings were well attended, and the Hon. J. Colton presided at the latter. Mr. Jasper Bee, the secretary to the trust fund, read the annual statement as follows :—"During the year nearly £600 has been paid off the debt, leaving a liabi- lity of say £1,900 on the original cost of £3,406. The ladies of the congregation are now collecting weekly subscriptions, whichis realising about £3 10s. per week, and the sympathy of the con- gregation is earnestly solicited to make this effort a success." Appropriate addresses were delivered by the chairman and the Revs. J. O'Donnell, S. Knight, A. Stubbs, J. G. Wright, and others. On Sunday morning and evening, October 26, the Bey. J. Austin, a deputation; from the Fiji islands, oonduoted services in thej Draper Memorial and Pirie-street Wesleyau Churches in connection with the Wesleyan Foreign Missionary Society; In the evening the rev. gentleman took* for his test the words ' But ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost iBOome upon you; and ye shall be witnesses1 unto Me both in -Jerusalem and in all Judea,and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth' (Acts i., 8), and showed that Christ's last words were applicable to the Christian Qhurch! at all times, and the duty was ever incumbent upon its members to labor for the extension of! Christ's kingdom. The; latter part of the dis course was calculated to show in what particular; Ways the Holy Ghost affected men in their religious Hie. Collections at both services, were made on behalf of the Missionary Society: Mr. Austin has an effective mode of expressing himself, which derives additional force from the wealth of illustration he employs, and his delivery is also easy and unaffected. A public meeting will be held' in the hall on Wednesday eVeiting. The (aiiniversary services of the Flinders-j street Presbyterian Church were held on Sim Jay, October 26, when special sermons were preached by the Revs. J. Lyall and B. M.. Bunter to large congregations. , On Monday the annual tea and public meatiugs were held. There; were, large attendances at both gather ings. At the latter the Bev. J. Lyall presided and gave a progress report. He stated that various changes had taken place during the year; but that on. the whole considerable progress had been made in the church work. The additions to the membership had been larger than during any previous year. Twenty-two members had been enrolled and sixteen persons were on pro bation. The church had suffered a loss of four members by death, and .five by transfer to other churches. The attendance at the Sunday serT vices had been decidedly better than formerly; and the Wednesday evening services had been well sustained. A Sunday morni&g; preparaf (ion meeting had been started, and was con ducted with great success by several of the young men connected with the congregation; The lecture hall recently built had been found of great advantage in carrying out the Sunday school work, and the teachers only regretted that their accommodating powers were not more fully tared. The Mutual. Improvement Asso ciation had done exceedingly good work, and had exceeded the expectations of its most sanL guine supporters. The members of the Dorcas ?Society had met regularly, and had , labored with good results. A total abstinence society^ had been formed, and was likely to prove a valu* able auxiliary in carrying out church work. Financially speaking the church was in a fair position. The income (£1,012 J had been ex4 ceeded to a slight extent by the expenditure* A debt of £2,500 had been incurred in connec tion with the lecture hall, &c;, and it was hoped some effort would be made during the coming year in the direction of reducing this amount; On the whole the church had much cause foil thankfulness, and had received considerable encouragement from the results of the labors of the past year. Addresses were delivered during the evening by the Revs. J. H. Angas, D. Pafcon; M.A.,T. Hope, L. G. Carter, and W. Bobertson; Hie choir sane several anthems. ; The annual services in connection with' the Wesleyan Foreign Missions were commenced in the city on Sunday, October 26, when sermons were preached by the Bev. J. S. Austin, a re turned missionary frOm Samoa, in the morning in1 the Draper Memorial Church, and in the evening ifi Pirie-street Church. On Monday evening a public missionary meeting was held in Draper Memorial Church, at which Mr. M. H. Madge presided. The Bev. Thomas Lloyd read extracts from the report of the society, aud moved its adoption, which was seconded by Me. W. G. Coombs. After an address from the Hon. J. Carr, the Bev. J. S. Austuji gave particulars of the various missions in connection with the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist missionary Society. J&etemng; to the Chinese mission in Victoria, he stated that seven years ago there were 10 church rnembetis and 80 attendants «t i -public worship, whereas now there- were 73 of the- former and of thie latter 200 who were regular attendants, bat sometimes they numbered 400. At the present time'the church members in the Friendly Islands numbered 7,757, with 368 on trial and 140 cate chumens. Education had progressed in these islands, a college having been erected, of which the Rev. Mr. Moultonwas the principal. The latter had gone to England to pass through the press a new edition of the Tongan Scriptures, and during his absence the college was efficiently conducted by an educated native. In Samoa where be had been laboring with a short interval fpr fourteen years, the present membership' was 1,263, 301 on. trial, and 5,163 attendants tit worship. There were* but two missionaries stationed there, and his departure had left only one in charge of this mission. It was in 183J0 that Samoa was first visited by agents of tha London Missionary Society. A visit paid by : some of the native chiefs to Tonga resulted in native teachers being sent there ; and in 1835 the Bev. Peter Turner visited Samoi, and found 2,000 professing Christianity. The Bev. Matthew Wilson followed, and carried on the work with Mr; Turner, add when the latter missionary left there were 3,116 members, 909 on trial, and 13,000 atten dants {at worship. Arrangements were made by which: the London Missionary Society took charge of this mission. Ten years afterwards native chiefs went to Tonga and appealed for help, and in 1857 the Bev. Martin Dyson visited Samoa, and found 3,000 attendant!. Of the other 10,000 some had joined the London Missionary Society, others had embraced Popery, while others had lapsed into heathenism. In a year the number of the attendants increased from 3,000 to between 4,000 and 5,000. . The Bev. George Brown went to Samoa three years from that date, and he (the speaker) followed Mr. Brown m about four years. The result to-day was as already stated. In speaking of missionary work in Fiji the rev. gentleman mentioned that it was in 1835 that the first missionaries, the it 3 vs. Messrs. Cross, and Cargill, visited Fiji in the schooner Blackford, and commenced their work, and after 44 years of labor the attendants at public worship were 98,63d. In 1876 the attad dants numbered 120,000, but the measles tnat visited Fiji at that time carried off 35,000 6t the number. The present Fijian membership was 21,000, and on trial 5,507, there having bseu an increase of 1,000. during the year. He al-c referred to -the . results of the New -. Britain mission, and concluded an interesting aldres by. au appeal for. the support of the missions, j Respecting tfce former 'doings of rqfegsjji Nordenskjold, a correspondent has sent us the ollowirvg clipping from the London Graphic of ^February 13, 1876t~'ISrordenskjold took part in scientific expeditions sent to the. Arctic seas in 1857 and 1861: These and subsequent ex peditions under his command in 1864, 1SS$, 1872, and 1875 have been the means of greatly increasing our knowledge ' of the Polar basin. In 1868 he took the Sofia, the vessel of the ex pedition, to the highest latitude then reached by any ship. In 1870 he viaiited Greenland, au'd penetrated into the interior further than had ever been done before. In 1872 he proposed lo reach the North Pole from the north of SpitE bergen by means of sledges drawn by reindeer. Sever jii unfortunate 'incidents frustrated/the main object of the expedition, but the fitineBs ' of reindeer for such an attempt was proved^ and . a large mass of scientific observations collected , With a party belonging to this .expedition tye made in 1873 a highly-ad venturous journey over \\_ the inland ice, 2,000 feet high, of Nbrth-Eajt' LandjSpitzbergen. Last summer he sailed f torn / the north of. Norway tp the mouth of th|e '. TTenisei-^-a feat frequently attempted, but never ' before accomplished, and which .promises to opeiiupasea route to Siberia, a result o? tb.6 greatest importance in a commercial point ql . view, jETe has 'undertaken 'this summer to ex plore the coast of Siberia 'beyond the YeniseH, and hopes to be able to reach. Behring's SCraitsJ' 