[?] NAPOLEONIC SUPERSTITIONS. By Moncure D. Conway. In the will of Napoleon III. occurs the following remarkable passage : — " With re gard to my sod, let him keep as a talisman the seal I used to wear attached to my watch, and which comes from rny mother ; let him oareiully preserve everything that comes to me from the Emperor, my nnole ; aud lot him be convinoad that my heart and my soul remain with him." The telegram from Cape Town which annouuoM the find ing of the late ex- Prince Imperial contains these words : " Tne Prince's body was found stripped of all clothing, but had not suff-red any mutilation, and the reliquary whioh be wore suspended by a chain lrom Lis neok, together with his watoh and rings, was found lying near the spot where he fell." The " talisman" which the late Emperor so solemnly enjoined his son to wear, which he did wear, and which returns to bis mother from that wild soene beside the Tombakala, is almist certainly the onoe famous charm of Charlemagne. It has a more interesting stoiy than any gem iu Europe, if ndt in the world. In the oourse of studies /for other purposes I have recently come upon legendary traces of this ourions object. " La plus belle relique de I'Enrope," as a Freuch autiquarian desoribed it in the last generation, was by one myth Baid to have beeu contrived by one of the Magi belonging to the court of Haroun-al-Raschid, who oame from the East to pay homage to the great 'Emperor of the West along with certain ambassadors. The wife of Charlemagne, Fastrada, asked the Magi for a talisman which would always cause her husband to be fasoinated by its wearer, aud this charm was framed at her instance. But another fable ascribed to it the following origin. While Charlemagne had his seat at Zum Looh; near Zurich, administering exact justice to all, he had a column fixed at his gates with a bail and a rope. .It was open to anyone de manding j ustics to sound this bell ; and when the Emperor beard it, even though at his meals, he would instantly answer the summons. On one occasion this bell was repeatedly rung without any person being found near it. At length an enormons serpent was found twined around the rope. The Emperor, hearing this, immediately went forth ; the serpent inclined respectfully before him, and then moved Blowly off; Charlemagne followed it to the river, where he saw a monstrous toad sitting upon the nest and eggs of the serpent. Resolved to administer justioa to all oreatures, the Emperor ordered the toad to be burned. A few days after, this serpent crept into the judgment- hall, bowed low to the Emperor, crept upon the table, and having dropped a precious stone iuto a golden goblet, glided quietly away. The Emperor, impressed by this marvel, built ou the spot where the serpent's nest had beeu a church called " Wasserkelch." He gave the preoious stone to his beloved spouse, Fastrada. The stone so drew toward her the Emperor's love that he could hardly suffer her out of his sight. In the hour of her death, the Empress, dreading lest another should succeed her in the affec tions of the Emperor, placed the gem beneath her tongue, and it waB buried with her. Charlemauge could not separate himself from the body, and for eighteen years oarried it about with him. At length his confessor, by some black art, discovered the stone and its virtues ; after whioh Charlemange allowed the body to be interred, and transferred his affeotion to the oonfessor, who beoatne his Prime Minister, Arobbishop of Mainz, and Chancellor of the Empire. But then, either in a moment of repentanoe or anger, this individual threw the stone into a lake near Ingetkiim. Then the affeotion of Charle mange was diverted from his former favonrite to the lake, and he bnilt beside it a palace, for whose decoration Ms other imperial residences were made bare. But when Charlemange oame to die, his throes were long and violent ; aud the arobbishop, knowing the cause, had the lake dragged for the gem he had thrown into it. The talisman having been restored to the person of the monarch, he died peacefully (1814). The tomb of Charlemagne, at Aix-la- Chapelle, was opened by Otto III. iu 997, and it is said that the wonderful gem was found suspended from his neck. However that may be, the gem had been for a long time the most valued relic in Aix-la-Chapelle when it was presented by that - city to Napoleon I. It was at a moment when he seemed to many, "pre-eminently to himself, an avatar of Charlemagne. Napoleon pre sented it to his favourite Horiense. ci-devant Qae,en of Hollaud. At her death, in 1837, it passed to her son, Napoleon III. Is shareu . his imprisonment at Ham, aud accompanied Mm through all his vicissitudes. In the coarse of its long history the precious stone has undergone evolutions. The hut-like stone constituting.. its basis is Surrounded by antique filigree of fine gold, and is set with various "gems. There are 8everal reliosaboui .it. In the centre is a portion of the Holy Cross. Possibly it gqined its sanctity after , losing. its virtues as a love charm. Some of the variants of its legend look as if itB virtues had gone into the thermal waters of Aix-la-Chapelle, whioh would account for the association of the ser pent with it — of old the guardian of wells. At any rate, Horiense had an experience of its attractive, powers widely different from that of'Fastrada. The Magian amulet could not co-operate with the true cross, and Hortense was divorced from her husband in 1810\. It appears to have had equally little of the power originally ascribed to it in the case of the late Emperor. For while it was worn by him, and he was writing so sol emnly aoout it in his will (dated 24th April, 1SG5), he wrote sadly in another clause of the same instrument that " contemporaries seldom render (one) justice," and " it is necessary to consider tnat from Heaven on high those whom you have loved regard and protect you ; it is the soul of my illus trious uncle Chat has always inspired and sustained me." Whether tue late Emperor would have ex pressed himself so strongly about the talis man if his will had been written after Sedan, is questionable. It is open to speculation how far the young ex- Prince was influenced by this talisman. That which Ms father wore at Ms watch chain the son wore suspended upon his breast, as Catholics wear the most sacred reliquaries in whose protec tive virtues they believe. The strauge mystical addresses to the Deity found among this youth's papers reveal a degree of superstition about himself which amouuts to a psychological phenomenon. At the seat of war in Africa he displayed a reoklessness which has led some to believe that his desiro to do " sometMng to get himself talked about" (words reported from him by his intimate friend M. Amigues) amounted to insanity, while others believe that he sought death. But it is possible that a natural rashness of disposition, and the tradition that a Napoleon ,must begin with a military halo, were turned to fatal forces by secret faith in the potency of this talisman. There is, I think, no reason to suppose that the Bonaparte family are by nature more superstitious than others. It would rather appear that Imperialism itself is a great Bnperstition, aud that all who become heirs to it find themselves brought into a weird realm of shadows, whioh become potent through belief iu their reality. On the day when the telegraph brought news of the finding of the young pretender's body, I was present at a performance of Victor Hugo'sHer/miri by the Oom6die Franeaise, London. The royal box was filled, and hose in it had an opportunity of learning the primitive «sense of that imperialist title whioh Lord Beaconsfleld lately hung round the neok of Victoria as a talisman to win the homage of India. Don Carlos enters the tomb of Charlemange a King ; he comes out an Emperor. The King had been a contemptible wretoh, assailing the virtue of a helpleBS lady, separating her from her lover, albeit the latter had spared his life ; the Em peror is noble, raises the lovers to dignities, and unites them. In the romantio imagination even of Victor Hugo, fifty years ago, there was a divinity hedging about an Emperor. When the three Btrokes of the distant bell have announoed that the election has fallen on Don Carlos, and he suddenly appears at the door of the mausoleum, where he had secreted himself to overhear hia conspirators, these men, brave and wronged, are para lysed in bis presence, their lights go out, their weapons are lowered. Behind the Emperor is not only Charlemagne, but a long prooession of majestic ghosts who in their day vindicated the mau in whom was nobility against the mau who was in the uobility. The mediie?al straggle between the hereditary ohief and the chief Dei gratia ia now represented by the rivalry between legitimacy and a government " by the will of God and the French people ;" and as in thefar past Pretenders looked for signs from heaven where Legitimists looked to pedigrees, even now we find ancient superstitions hovering around Imperial, long after they have left merely royal houses. Not long ago the little Prince Waldemar died at BerliD. Next day it was telegraphed over Europe t-b&t; a soldier on night-watch had seen " the White Lady." When the Prince of Wales was supposed to be dying at Sand- ringham, he had a no more distinguished' banshee than a dog, wbo3e howling one night sounded over England next day. Nor can I learn that there has been any apparition of the White Lady announcing a death until the King of Prussia became tbo Emperor of Germany. The White Dove which the Bona- partist reporter of the Gaulois saw descending upon St. Augustine Church, in Paris, ou the ocoaaion of the Requiem for the Prince Imperial, might at first be supposed a mere competitor with the White Lady. So loDg as a supernatural messenger i? maintained in the imperial livery on the righc bank of the Rhine, it can hardly be expected that suoh a dignity will be dispensed with on the left bank, especially since it is very cheap. But really these apparitions have no connection exoept in the primitive mental and moral habitat of imperialism ; wherever that ancient atmosphere receives a shock, these old mythic bats are startled, and flit about, and then subside till — the next time. But they report just what is ever present in the imperialist mind, detaching it from the every day light of common-sense and republican principle. The White Lady is a survival from the Norse goddess Frigga, the wife of Odin. When Odin, or Woden, was diabolized into a Wild Huntsman, Frigga was deolared by the Christian missionaries to be a Bhe- devil. But this degradation sucoeeded but slowly. Frigga had been a sweet Madonna to the Germans, and when Bhe oeased to be worshipped she became the Good Fairy. She was even believed in some regions to have become a proselyte of the Christian faith, and to attend the baptism of her favourites. From being the protector of all German households, she became the guardian of the imperial family, which represented all families. Tnis popular Bnperstition was fostered in high places, siuoe it invested the throne with an association of antiquity, and also of original connection with the peasantry. The tradition had its utility onoe, aud is now a survival. The White Dove comes from the ancient Christian heavens, aud in: imperial symbol ism has always beeu supposed to bring the divine sanction which it brought at the baptism of Ohrist — " This is My beloved Sou 1" It is said that to acquire this sanotity Makommed trained a white pigeon to perch on his shoulder. A white dove is said to have brought the orism at the baptism of Clovis, founder of the French monarchy ; aud a white dove waB carved on the sceptre of Charlemagne, a3 founder of the German Empire. White doves were said to have oome to bear the soul of Louis of Thuringia to heaven — a legend remembered in the departure of Lohengrin iu a boat drawn .by white doves. The symbol was adopted by the constitution of the Order of the Holy Ghost in the fourteenth century. At the' consecration of monarohs in France it has always been the custom to let loose white pigeons iu the church. Iu England this oustom is faintly remembered in that of bearing the dove Bceptre before a monaroh at consecration. In France, where these tradi tions possess the greatest intensity, there is still a feeling among Imperialists that the Holy Ghost must pronounce in favour of each emperor who claims to rule above hereditary kings. Whenever there is an inward appeal of this kind for a sign from heaven, the answer to it is pretty sure to ba received — either by the artifice of politicians, or through the potent vision of faith, which generally sees what it has a mind to. 