; social sketches . " ' '' and " ' ' .INTERESTING CHIT-CHAT' . r:Br Lady Contributors, > '' ' ' OHir-CHAT ' There is nothing which' forms stronger ' associations in the human mind with eventst than color, I was sponding the evening with a lady friend who has resided much in Paris. " From her I obtained the fallowing interesting . ' anecdote :— I was at a large party iu Paris, when, late in- the evening, The Alcsdames Snnterre, wero announced, and two ladios, attired in scarlet and white drosses, and red . opdra-oloaks, entered the room. " Santerrc 1 Le bonnet rouge /" exclaimed an old . lady seated near me, " Snnterre t" and foil from her chair in a swoon. The AleBdames Santsr'ro were nieces of the man who had figured so conspicuously as one of the leaders in tho revo" lution of 1793, with whose name history has rendered us familiar. She who was so deeply affected by tbat name, and the horrors wita which It was aesociatcd iu her mind, an asso ciation in which red bore no insignificant part, was the last of nn old family, who had suffered, like eo many othcre, for their loyalty to Louis XVI, ; and at the sight of the scarlet dresses, and tho sound of the : fearful name, all the horrors of tho Reign of Terror returned to her mind with tho foroe of reality. In the matters of dress and household arrangemont, color should be care- fully studied. The eye is the most potent of - our serais. Enchain and delight the eye, and every other sense sympathises. A study of color t decides the mind, refinee tho taste, and tends to cultivate alove of tho beautiful. To the old Greeks, a love and study of the beau tiful, was part, and no mean part, of thoir re ligion. The on dit ol society is all of the Sydney Exhibition, which was opened yesterday, and a rush of ail our upper ten to tho scene of the great spectacle is antici pated. The vice-royalty of the sister colonies had made Alelbourne head centre of meeting. Their stay in New South Wales will be brief; but of course the, fixed stars of our small socLl circles, hav. ing'temporarily withdrawn theiriigbt, a dearth of pleasure will onBue. And others who leave ' us . at this time may not come back. Our spring meetings nnd our garden parties will suffer in consequence. Lovely in their best bib and tucker" are the lights, of lawn parties and dejeuners, as they are of the ball-room. Tom Campbell sings : — Tho wofld was dirk, tho gardsn was a wild, And man, tho hirinit, slgbod till w.mau smiled. And he also asks ; — Wlthont tho smllo from pirtfal boauty won. Oh 1 what wore man ? — A world iviihoul a sun. The Botanical Gardens are putting on their spring aspect rapidly. Numbers of beautiful flowere aro in bloom, the conservatories hava been newly painted, tho lawns aro green as emerald, and soft as velvet ; tbe song birds aro warbling their eweotcst notes. And on fine sunny days, gay groups of lovely children with their nurses or mothers, are to bo aeon sporting on the grassy lawns, or wandering through the shady nnd retired walks, or play- ing_ with the monkejB through the bars of their cages, feeding those funny animals with nuts, calces, and oranges ; while on the glassy bosom of the lake hard by the stately swans sail to and fro. And by those who frequent this delightful public resort, there is felt to he only one want — music, And when the season is a littlo more advanced, I trust that tho band will furnish this delightful ad junct to sylvan scenery. " In the brave days of old, when, whilo the Barons feostcd in lordly hail and bower, their retainers sang ancl danced and sported urider the greenwood tree, and all was life and jollity in " Mcrric England," then — Thn ri'jh man loved the poor man, And tho poor man loved tlio graat. Although we do not wish for a return of tho feudal times, we may take a biot from them in the matterof out-donr entertain-, ments. Nothing could be mora enjoyable to the citizenB of Melbourne than occasional morning couoorts in the Botanical Gardens during the summer months. Such entertain ments have been, but at such rare intervals, that the patronage has not been so great a3 if, like our organ recitals in the Town Hall, they ll'nd occurred at fixed periods. Oue of tho saddest sounds to be heard in the streets of Melbourne is, "Please aesist the poor blind 1" and the low and monoto nous droning forth of the Scriptures by our afflicted fellow citizens ; but with them, ns in other tilings, "/rom tbe sublime to the ridiculous there is but one stop ;" and this is reached by the venerable old man. As I listened to him the other evening, I was much diverted by his interpolations of Holy Writ. The venerable man read: "And God Baid unto Aloses — not one penny to-night." The effect was highly ludicrous, and I laughed heartily as I removed all causa of reproach. Life is not all " beer nnd skittles," but it has its comic side, undoubtedly. In thejgloaraing the effect of the new and scccnd-hand clothes distended on crinolines, and figures hung up for sale in the arcade, is weird in tho extreme. There the fetch and ghost of many a Victorian Sairey Gamp is to bo seen, side by side with tbat of many a smart milliner, out for an airing, nnd of dainty demoiselles, a la little Dolly Varden, tho dainty costume in which the illustrator pre sents her to us on the evening when she tripped across Air. Hare bell's clover field pursued by her terrible lover — Grim Ilugh ; and there aro the belongings of many a loan, and gravy- vexed Melbourne Tcdgers, side by Eido with those I lmvo noted, and drolly incongruous pictures they present; but nfter laughing at this coinic medley of cost off habiliments, tho question I put to myself wab ; is it good for tne health of Alelbourne, that emporiums for second-hand clothing should be quite so numerous as they are at present? I opino not AIAB. 