ENGLISH " S U m E t The B.M.S. Main, with the March malls froiuEurope, arrived at Albany on Wednesday. The following items have been telegraphed from that place,:— Humours are current tiatlhe Kev. G. H. Spurgeoncontemplates recruiting his health m Australia. The University students, in Spain this year number 16,88% of whom-6823 are studying medicine and 13409Jaw. Print® Robert Lichnoivsky, prelate -of the Pope's household and Dean of Olrnutx Cathedral; has bequeathed his Immense fortune to theaPope. : Weston, the pedestrian, failed to walk 2800 miles ui 1000 hours by about twenty tiro miles.: Had the Weather l>eeli more favourable there is little doubt lie-would •hare succeeded.:. In the recent sculling race, Boss and Emuiett were both in" good condition. Ross got to the front well; Euimett headed him, but,' afterwards Boss got again to the front, and iron anyhow lie liked Peace mas executed, and confessed to murdering another man for which a man named Qabron had keen convicted and was undergoing penal servitude. tiabron has since been pardoned and released. The success of the Victoria Railway Loan of £3,000,000 for4| per cent, debentures was unpredented. Searly£9.000,000 was applied for. When the result became known it soon advanced to a premium. 1 The Konig der Nederlanden, steamer, which arrived at Port Said oji February I. reported that ouiier passage from.Probolingo to Samaraug, in tlie latterpart of Uecembery lS78,T3he picked .Tip'at sealOi} shipwrecked men, the greater jsart fishermen. The Academy hears that Blanchard Jerrold'a Life of George Cruikehank is likely to make its first- appearance m a court of law instead of m the ordinary manner. The author finished his biography last spring, the printing, drawings, &c., have been executed, and the work is ready for pnblication. Official telegrams published at St Petersburg from Astrakan continue to assert that the plague may be considered to have died out in the district, as there have been uo deaths or cases of illness cine to that epidemic registered since the 9th of February. Vety disastrous floods have occurred.in Hungary, culminating in the total destruction of Syegedui. a town of 70,000 inhabitants, -which was overwhelmed on the 11th inst., despite the strenuous efforts made to strengthen the dam protecting' the tonrn from the overflow of the Biver Thiess. Immense ruin has been caused, and thousands of people are now homeless. ' -The Souse of Commons has passed a credit vote ,of £1,500,000, to be raised by Exchequer bonds, on accouut of the Zulu war. This extxp expenditure . raises the Estimates lot 'the ensuing year to £85,888,571, aod shows im estimated deficit of £2,^50,000 upon the entire year; to which there must be added last year's deficit of. the. B&me amount. 'It is calculated, liowcv«r, that there may be'nert year a surplus -of abou t £3,500,000-The fish-breeding operations at the Museum of Economic Fish Culture, South Kensington: promise to bs very successful this year. Orer 300,0C0 " eggs," representing fish of various descriptions and collected by Mr Frank Bucklaud from home and foreign waters, are now m process of hatching out. Prominent among these'are a healthy-looking lot of saimo foiitanaUs eggs, the produce of fish born " in the gardens some three years ago from ova forwarded from America-Reduced wages and lengthened hours continue to be exacted in the leading trades.^ A further redaction of cottpn operatives' wages is proposed in the' whole of north-east Lancashire, and'a strike is threatened ; but et • Chorley the operatives in a gTeat majority voted 'by." ballot for accepting ^.reduction of wages, which they had recently opposed.' The" Tyne disputes ere to be settled, and the qtiesiion of the extension of liours from fifty- i one to fifty-four per week. has been settled by the ship-building engineers accepting the longer timp. An interview was -held on the Tthinst. between the Eastern Telegraph Company and the Government, with reference tO' the purchase of the 1400 miles of cable, wluch was shipped a fortnight ago for Australia, but which was detained in order that the Government nnjlit at once have direct communication with the Cape. The Telegraph Company stipulated for a guarantee against accident to the cable/ but this the representative of the Government refused. The negotiations Were then broken oft, and unless-they are renewed before the beginning of nest week the ship will have sailed, and there will be no chance of -getting another cable laid this year. From the fuller accounts received of the ZuIq disaster at Isaudula, no more horrible picture can be imagined. The' Zulus, marching in .regular order, were 1 oil their way - to invade 2satal,' -when they suddenIy_came_acroBs_the. English force Though the English were only 500stro&g; and their opponents 20,000, they kept them at bay for. some time,- with the' fire of the Martini-HenryriGes. - The aui'-luunition failed, and the-'Zulus''advanced with demoniacal yells -and- hideous gesticulations. 'Our troops gallantly-resisted with - the bayonet, "bat. the soldiers of King - Cet-ewayo bore down these weapons by.hurling :on: them the corpses of their own comrades. Then came L a series of desperate hsnd-to-hatid struggles; m which the English were literally hewn down by the Zulu, aasegais. Meanwhile, they had also fallen upon the baggageguard, ^nd possessed themselves of -a largo stoce of the rifles. Within two houra from the time--wliBn the enemy's skirinishers were first seen, there was not a single -white man left in the camo- - -It is: •unhappily, certain that the British losses on the Togela Hirer, instead of being,'as had been said, less heavy than-was ia the first .instance reported, are much more serious. Of the Imperial army not fewer than 78G men and &1 officers have fallen: Of the colonial forces; 110: -white troops and-21-othcers-have-been-killed.- Colonel Pearson _was attacked on the" 13th by large force of Zulus at Ekoire/and'Jie defeated (hem with enormous loss, pursuing, them as far as Entamedi. ono of the military lsralls of the ienemy. -Colonel Glyn's, column is entrenched, 1 -and'three divisions ara posted, along: the mam road' connecting,Maritzburg with Rorke's ©rift. The total strength of the column does not exceed 2000, and are nearly all Europeans. Professor Pepper.—It has been long rumored by London correspondents of different papers that Professor Pepper, of Londoi. Poly technic fame, was about to pay a visit to the colonies, bringing with him all liis-ghost and other scientific apparatuSj Wtth fi,fleries. of leclur<!s . oii all the most recent modern discoveries. The visit will be looked upon^as highly importr aut by-'Coionial"i!Cientists.-'? > rofeiBor Pepper's visit to Australia is due to the enterprise of president.of;Hobart Town,' Mr. J T. Colo (so the Holart Taw i Me) any says), who has received a Eeuter'-s telegram,, staliug that xn tiH.'probability: the Professor -would leave by the nextmail steamer via. -Brindisi, the apparatus' for the lecture illustrations having been already despatched;: Tlie engagement is for 200 nights, and the lectures will be, delivered in all, the juincipaL ^colonial iosfns. f -ni pay your bill on sight;" as^e blind man issad to doctor Wlio bad inl vam _ attempted - to jenre' i-' Mm of fcU^dJ Mb ness. 