HEADS OF INTELLIGENCE. The R.M.S. Tenjore, with mail and passen- <*> gers. arrived at Glenelg on Monday, March 24. His Excellency has in a practical manner shown his belief in the safety of the Murray Mouth by m?Hng s trip through it in Captain Johnston's steamer the Queen of the South. His Excellency has also paid a visit to tha Murray Bridge. During the latter part of last month it wai found necessary to restrict the ose of the watar from the reservoirs, as it was feared that the supply would run short. The Commissioner of Crown Lands having re ceived a communication from Mr. O. Kishua, of Springton, accompanied by a few small pieces of what is unquestionably coal of good quality, has arranged that some competent psnon shall inspect the locality of the alleged discovery. There has been some talk daring the past few weeks of soai being found at Kangaroo Island, but the geological indications do not favor the supposition that coal will be discovered there. A report has come bom near Gawler of a substance similar in appearance to octal having been found, bat so far no definite intelligence has been received. Xba approximate revenue returns of the Go vernment for the nine months ended March 31 have been published. The return shorn the revenue for 1876-9. as estimated in Xovemter, 1678, tiie actual receipts for the six month* ended December SI last, and the eatiatated re ceipts for the quarter and nine months ended March 31. The revenue for the year was esti mated at £1,702,641, and the total receipts Cor three quarter* of the year are set down at £1 £61,143, which is a few thousands below the amount which ought to have been realised if the estimated revenue for the year is to be reached. The Government hare invited Mr. Mclror the scientific agriculturist of Victoria, to examine and report on the Millieeat Experi mental Farm in the South-Bast. Arrangements have beea made between the Government and Meaan. Wells Brothers by which the latter are releaisl from the contract for the Lacepede Bay and Kiroli Biy Jetties. These jetties will be erected by the Govern ment. The wheat statistics have be>a published. The average of last harvest was 7 bushels 9 lbs. per acre. Kew roles for the better administration of justice in the Supreme Court have been prepared by the Judges. The total payments received on account; of land during the month of March was £50,814. The Gawler strike is at an end, the employers having practically agreed to the terms of the men. The Adelaide and Naime Bail way line was orginally intended to be taken across the Port road and the roads to the Gaol and Slaughter boose on the level, but owing to the fact that the Holdfast Bay line will join this Government line there will be a very mnelt greater amount of traffic over the West Bark Lands than was originally anticipated, and it has accordingly been determined to take the lines under the roads instead of making level omesings, A very influential deputation is to wait on the Government shortly to urge that they should initiate the boring of experimental artesian at tube wells. The immigrant ship Trevelyan has arrived. She had one case of smallpox on board. In re cognition of theable manner in which Dr. Cart wright dealt with this, and the care taken by him to prevent the spread of the complaint, the Government have awarded him a gratuity of twenty guineas. Mr. Favene, the Northern Territory explorer, who has returned tm Brisbane, has informed the CovrierHaX the expedition hat been completely sueoessfal. Toe proposed roate for • trans continental railway is fonnd to be easy far eoo siruction purposes, aud through available pastoral country over the whole distance. Mr. Favene further adds that Port Darwin is a fine harbor,and that there is a site for a totm uu equalled in Australia. On Friday, April 4, a deputation of the mem bers of the South Australian Viguerons" Asso ciation waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands to ask that the Governmeat would use their influence with the Imperial Gorernm snt 1 to have the restrictions removed which operated j against the introduction of the South Australian j wines to the Knglish market. Toe Oomoqw, j sioner promised the j^Lte,. "before LU colleagues, and said he had no doubt that the South Australian Government would do all in ite power to induce the Imperial authorities to comply with the desire of the colonial vigue rons. A meeting of the ratepayers of Adelaide was held in the Town Hall on Friday evening. April 4, to consider the advisablenes* of borrowing £15,000. The Mayor presided. Councillor King submitted a resolution, which was se conded by Councillor Hagedorn, affirming the desirableness of the proposed loan. Mr. 3. B McCarthy moved an amendment, which was seconded by Mr. J. Rounsevell, to the effect that the Council be authorised to borrow only £14,000 for the purpose of reducing the over draft nod for expenditure upon public works. Both the original proposition and die amend ment were declared lost, and a poll was de manded. The poll resulted in a majority of 193 votes in favor of the loan, the voting being as follows:—Ft* the loin, 380 voters (two vote* being informal), polling 1,460 votes; against the loan, 317 voters (seven votes beiag informal), recording 1,267 votes. At a recent meeting of the Unley Cor poration His Worship the Mayer (Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.) intimated tbat as soon as the House of Assembly met be iuteudei to take , action for the removal of tha Adelaide, Glenelg, ' and Suburban Railway Company's goodsueis. Sixty papers containing nominatiou? of gentle men for'election as members of the Local Ba&rd; of Main Koade, Central District, for three years from July 1,1679, were received from Corpora tions and District Councils at the monthly meeting of the Boad Board on Thursday. Tiie following is a list of the gentlemen nominated with the number of votes each secured: —F. bis Wiuckel,J.P.,s3; J. EL Bagster. JP., 44: T. Hack, 3 .P., 35; W. Haines. M.P, 2?; O. H. T. Connor, JP., 24; T. Atkinson, M.P., 23; W. Scott, 13; T. PaJtridge, 1. Messrs. bis Winckel, Baxter, and Hack were elected. Two members have yet to be nominated by the Government. At tfce instance of the Corporation Messrs. Frances Clark & Sons have fixed a steam- pump on the banks of the Hirer Torrens near the City Bridge, for the purpose of filling the hydrostatic vans for street-watering purposes. A meeting of shareholders in the Moouta Mining Company ■was held on Monday, March 31. Twenty-four gentlemen were present, represent ing 20,600 shares. Mr. K. Barr Smith, who pre sided, in moving the adoption of the report aud balance-sheet, pointed out that there was no cause for apprehension; the Company had the means in the mine if it were necessary to pay off their debt, a rise in the price of copper being all that was required to place them again in a flourishing condition. Dr. Phillips and Dr. Wyidehave tendered their resignations as members of the Board of ]Hn n agcmpnt. and Honorary Medical Officers of the Adelaide Hospital, which have been ac cepted with regret. Dr. Giirgcr and Dr. Gardner have been elected Honorary Medical Officers of tbat institution. Mr. Thomas Osboroe has received the appoint ment of Superintondentof the Belair Inebriates' Kefcreat, vacant by the resignation of Mr. H. Birt, who recently accepted the position of Secretary to the Young Men's Christian Associa tion. By the mail for America which left Adelaide on Tuesday, April IS, an invitation was sent to the Right Worthy Grand L>dge of the 1.0.G.T, which meets in Detroit, Michigan, on May 37. to hold its Muion in 1880 in Adelaide. A reply has been received from Her Majeity the Queen to the address of oondo'ence for warded by the Corporation of Adelaide to Her Majesty en the decease of the Princess Alice. Mr. H. K. Fuller has been appointed Oaunnil lor for Kobe Ward in place of Mr. Councillor Gilbert, who resigned on account of ill-health. At the meeting of the Governor* of the South Australian Institute on Friday, April 4, a letter, accompanied by an old map of South Australia and a few books, ware received from Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar. The letter set forth that the gift formed part of the library of the late Queen Adelaide, and that Prince Edward, who is her nephew, presented them in memory of the lady after whom Adelaide was named. The fly leaves of the books hare the anna of Qneen Adelaide embossed in silk on them. The map is a very rare one, and was printed soma time between 1840 and 1817. At a meeting of the Council and Senate of the University of Adelaide, held ia the South Australian lastilnte an Wednesday, April 3, the Ber. Ghas. Ouoniogham Blown, MIA, of Cambridge, and David Frederick Kelly, M.A., of Cambridge, Professor of Glassies, were admitted ad eundem to the degree of M.A. The Ohanoellor, his lordship Bishop Short, also conferred apon Mr. Thomas Ainslie Caterer, of Adelaide, the degree of B.A. Dr.Gosse wsa re-elected Warden, and Mr. V. Barlow, BJL, Clerk of the Benate. The Hon. Hy. Soott was elected to the Taoaney in the Council caused by the retirement of Dr. Gun son. On Tuesday, April 8. the Revs. F. T. Whit iagtoo and S. W. fiolden were ordained by the Anglican Bishop at St. Peter's Cathedral. A sermon was afterwards preached by the Her. Dr. A. Dendy. A new Anglican Church at the Semaphore has been opened. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union of South Aiutralia were held recently. The Bey. J. Mc?win, the newly-elected Chair man, presided. The Bey. J. H. Angus, of Mount PleaMnt, has accepted a call to the Port Adelaide Pres byterian Church. A telegram has been received stating that it is the intention of the Ber. O. H. Spargeon to visit Australia for the benefit of his healtu. The public ordination of the Her. W. H. Hanton, who has been appointed by the Wes- Icjan Conference to the charge of the Ohureh in the Northern Territory, took place in the Pirie street Church on Wednesday, April 16. The service was conducted by the Beys. C. H. Gold smith (President of the Wesleyan Oonferencj), in the presence of a large assembly. At a special meeting of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association Mr. K.Searle, J.P., was appointed President, and tbe?ers. W. B. Fletcher, MA, U. Copland. Jas. Lyall. Tory Ktv. Dean Bussell, Hons. Henry Scott, MX.C, nnd John Oolton, and Mr. F. Ohapple. B.A_ B.Sc, were elected Vice-Presideatt of the Society. The foundation-stone of a Bible Christian Chapel at Findon has been hud by the Ber. 3, "Way. ttr. D. Blair, of Melbourne, has been deliver ing a aeries of lectures ou ** The Lost Secret of Christianity" in the Adelaide Town Hill. The lectures were vary interacting and excited some attention. Our German feUow-colooUta intend to send an address of congratulation to the Bmperor William on his celebration of his golden wedding. On Friday evening, April 4, Dr. Robert Peel was entertained previous to his departure for England by hi* brother •moers in the volun teer artillery foroe at a banquet given at the Sir John Barlaycorn Hotel. Toe chair was occupied by Lieut-Colonel Mathews, and the Tioe^hair by Major Ciaxton. Amongst thote present wen Lieut-Colonel Fitsxoy, Major j Trapmann, and Mr. J. Allison.? j A complimentary banquet to Mafsn. June j Martin, JJ?, and J. Dawson, J.!?, of Gawler, I who proceed to England by the Siam, was giveo ! those gentlemen in the Inatitue Halt, Gawler, | oa Thursday evening, April 17. There were | nearly 70 gentlemen present. I Upwards of thirty prominent citizens as sembled on Thursday afternoon, April 17, at the York Hotel, for the purpose of entertaining Dr. Bobert Peel and presenting him with an j address and silver casket of 2UO sovereigns 1 prior to his departure for Barope by the out going mail steamer. Mr. W. K. Simms. M.P., presided, and in making the presentation spoke in Vf«y high terms of Dr. Peel's social qualities, the status which be had maintained in his pro fession, and of the services tliat he had ren dered the public in connection with the settle ment of the Northern Territory, and the posi- I I tion which he occupied in the City Council. j i A oomplimentary address baa been presented to Mr. A. ismiwgM upon hi* retirement from the position of Conductor in the Philharmonic Society. Mr. B. Spencer, foreman of Ho. 1 Fire Beel, who after eight years' service is about to retire from the Fire Brigade, was recently presented with a complimentary address from the Fire Insurance Association and a gold locket from his fellow firemen. The seamen st Pott Adelaide refused to ship for Burope on Tuesday, April 8, on stcooant of • threatened reduction in the rate of wages for the home voyage. The matter was fculwequenUy arranged amicably. The ship John Bennie, which left the Port on Saturday night, April 12, with a full cargo for 1 huaaoa, grounded off Scbnapper Point, about i.i\ miles down the Port Hiver. She was gat off on Tuesday, April 15, not having sustained any damage. The Menmuir has arrived at Port Darwin, from Hongkong, with SSS Cuiuamen. The barque Ganymede, loading wheat at Port l'irie, caught fire, but fortunately the JUmes were extinguished before any veryjgreat damage was dona. The Marina Board expressed dissatisfaction i with the action of Captains Kegg and Legoe, I marine surveyors, in allowing the Garonne to | proceed on her voyage without an examination I of her bottom by a direr. I A fireoccurred on the p^«niseso{ Bfr.S.P, Harje*. «v Importer «f fancy goods, in Twin etzett, near Hindmarsh-«quarc, but the damage done was comparatively slight. The 6AJC. Autumn Meeting opened auspi ciously on Bastor Monday, when there was an attendance of nearly 5,000 persons at Morphett ville, His Excellency the Governor, Lady Jervois and family and suite being present. The racing was continued oa Tuesday, when there was a large attendance, and some capital running was witnessed. Successful meetings have been held by the Great Northern Bacing Club at near Gladstone, by die Bum racing fraternity, and also by the Oskapariogk turfites. At the Theatre Miss Ada Ward and s> stock company are performing in emotional dramas. At White's Booms Professor Baldwin, who claims to expose the trickeries practised in con nection with spiritualism, is drawing large audiences. The firing for battalion prises in connection with the Volunteer Force took place at the Dry Creek Bange on Tuesday, April IS. There were about 40 competitors, aud some splendid shoot ing was exhibited. Morcom won the first prize of £50; Sterues the second, £30; and Kleman the third, £25. The Curator of the Port Adelaide Museum has received a letter from Sir Anthony Mua- | grave, the Governor of Jamaica,and formerly of South Australia, in which he promises to Mud { the Museum specimens of West Indian natural history. lieury Melville, a tramway platelayer, shot at and wounded his wife. At first it was feared the woman would not recover, but she has been pronounced to be out of danger, and the husband hu£ been committed for trial for unlawfully wounding. We haye to .record the death of the Bey. George Lee, Wesleyan minuter, at Clarendon. The deceased gentleman had labored in various parts of the coUny, and was much esteemed. He was formerly a missionary in the South Sea Islands. Mr. Stephen Bobuuon, an old and a respected resident of Macclesfield, died very suddenly of heart duea An elderly lady, Mrs. Jessie Knight, met with an unfortunate accident on the Glenelg Bail way line. She was getting oat of a carriage -while the train was in motion, when she fell under the wheels, and one leg was almost severed. Amputation was resorted to, but the poor woman never recovered from tbe shock, and mortification setting ia she died. The event was a pure accident. A very sad accident occurred ou the Brighton Railway line on Easter Monday. Two children named Busℓ, brother and sister, wishing to get off the train at a certain spot, and apparently not knowing the effect of the act, jumped off the train as it was goiug at a good speed. Oue child was instantly killed, and the other only survived a short time. By a mail-coach accident Mr. Taylor, of the Kinchcga Station, received injuries which ter minated fatally. Win. Edwards, a builder, at Glenelg, com mitted suicide by poisoning himself. A sad accident occurred at Sevenhills on April 13, by which a boy named MoCaul was killed. He was riding a racehorse, when the animal tumbled against a wire fence and fell on the rider.j A young man named Williams, employed in store at Port Pirie, was drowned a short time ago. Thomas Henry Bastian, a farmer, was thrown from his horse and died almost immediately. A young woman named Julia McKillister recently poisoned herself near Wasleys. Mr. Samuel Marshall, an old colonist, is dead. A young man named Hy. Bloomfield delibe- rately shot himself at near Port Pirie. He was insane. By a gun accident Mr. Charles Leete, house steward at the Government Engineers' Office, at Millicent, lost his life. Geo. Milliner, a laborer, has been drowned at Laura. Kates of Exchange.—The Bank rates of exchange at 60 days are as formerly:—Buying, £ per cent.; selling 1 per cent. Price of Copper.—Wallaroo copper is quoted at £85 per ton. Assignmbkts.—F. C. Bussell, of Hindley street, storekeeper; W. T. Tregilgas, of James town, bootmaker; T. J. Oaggarty, of Myrtle Grove Farm, Hundred of Palmer; W. Sirnuia, of Mount Gambler, laborer; J. Laudou. of ueir MiUioent, farmer; M. Bliverd, of Kurolia, larmer; J. Rogers, of near Laura, contractor; F. Heniot.'of Waymuuth-srreet, butcher; T. Gleeson, of TongaJa, bootmaker; T. J. C. Hantke, of Beltana and Sliding Bock, store keeper; J. Hatohard. of Balalte, farmer; L. Baadt,of Bichmond Creek, farmer: T. Torr. ten,of Pekina, mining manager; W. Biobtrd son,of Norwood, carpenter; H. T. Stone, Hun dred of Palmer, farmer; F. Lloyd, of Tarcowie, fanner; J. Carrie, of Hindley-stccet, green grocer; J. F. Hagen.of Crystal Brook, store keeper; J. A. Sotton. of Morse, manager; G. Giddinga, of Millicent, builder; John Leesw. of Orrooroo, builder; F. Farsky.of Coomooroo, fanner: L. Davis, of Mongolata. farmer; P. Cheek, of Gawler, storekeeper; H.J. Herring, of Lefevre's Peninsula, mason; IT. V. Jaeggi,of Auburn, jeweller; J. Hallion, of Pekina, farmer; J.Tolley, trading as Tolley k Qo^ol Adelaide, draper; T. Murray, of NarriJy, farmer; W. Bass, of Mount Gambier, dealer; J. F. Ruge. of Eilkerran, farmer; M. & P. Anglry, of Kangaroo Flat, t airman; T. Kent, of Waterworks Town and Port Pirie, carpenter; J. M. Solomon, jun., of Hindley- street, store keeper ; J. Lambert, of Morphett Vale, store keeper ; J. Higgins. of Eurelia, farmer ; J. A. Craig, of Beachport, cleric; T. A Farmer and J. Pengflley, trading as Farmer & PoogeUey, of Crystal Brook, cabinetmakers; Elizabeth Sowton.of WarberryHin, farmer; G. Saudow and J. Lawrence, trading as Sandowfc Law rence, of Jamestown, carpenters and builders; B. J. A. Kieeelbach, of Millicent, baker; W.F. C. Bode, of Middleton, butcher; W. Biggs, of Ybngala, limeburner; J. C. Eichner^and F. W. Eichner, of Yorketown, contractors and farmers; K. J. Hogers, of Dublin, blacksmith ; H. Burke, of Port Augusta, storekeeper; T. M. Ashton, of Auburn. bisoLvmcnH.—J. Marshall, of Booleroo, farmer; W. H. Lane, of Kensington, laborer; J. T. N. Schache, trading as Schache and Co., of Port Augusta, bootmakers; W. Janes, of Adelaide, tailor; P. O'Brien, of Port Wakefield, storekeeper; W. Dibble, of MagiU, quarryman; T. Threadgold, of Narridy, farmer; J. W. Oathro, of Port Adelaide, master mariner; U. Farkyn, of Adelaide, blacksmith; G. A. Shorter. ftte of Bochester, laborer; O. Brown, of Wallaroo Mines, laborer; U. Wicker, or North Adelaide, hairdresser; E. M. Fi?\One, of Jamestown, cordial manufacturer; W. N. Perkins, of Adelaide, bootmaker; P. L. Hantor, of Adelaide.publican and storekeeper; O.Scott, of Uraidla, woodcarter; O. yon dv.r Dippe, of Coomooroo. fanner. His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Friday, st which three M ni>ters were present. The Orient liner John Elder was not ex pected to sail till daylight this morning. ! Tbe following- is a list of tbe passengers by j the outgoing mail steamer: —Sir. and Mrs. O. B. Young, Misses Young (2), Master Youug. Miss Stanton, and Miss Walker, for Southampton ; Mr. J. I>a.w?ao, Mr. 3. Martin, Mr. J. Martin, Jan., end Dr. Peel, for Venice; Mr. M. C. Jacobs, aud Mr. B. J. Coates.fur Aden. The Government have determined not to receive any more nominations for the free passage* of immigrants to the colony from the United Kingdom. This resolution has been come to because the number now on the books is far in excess of what was expected when the regulation was instituted. Applications have already been received for 4JOUO nominated im migrants, or about as many as passages could be provided for to the course of the year. The Commissioner of Crown Lands and the Surveyor-General will start this morning tor Southern Yorke's Peninsula, and will be away for about a week. The object of their vivit is to inspect tbe district for the purpose of deciding on the beet means of conserving water for the supply of the residents during the sum mer months. The Commissioner will also pay a visit to the Point Pearoe Mission Station. An investigation into the cause of the fire that recently occurred on board the Guiy mede will be made by the Mariue Board ou Tuesday, April 21. The Treasurer of tbe Female Refuse has received • from St. Bartholomew's Church, Norwood, £5 3a. 4d. in aid of the funds of that institution. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Wed nesday and tbe same hour on Thursday is registered as follows: — ISurowCreek... 0 010 \ Powells Creek 0-080 Daly Waters ... O-0&O; | Tennant Creek 0850 A narrow escape from another railway accident occurred at tbo GlauviUe curve on Friday morning, April 13. A horse attached to a light cart shied as the train was turning the corner, and it was only by the train being polled up khirply that an accident was averted. A man aamed Robert Egiington, of Gutnerasha, was stdmitta§%o the Adelaide Hos pital on Friday evejiag, April IS, suffering from injuries supposed to have been received through his being run over. He was found lying in a helpless state in Pitt-street. Mr. G. S. Fowler, M.P., haa consented on Wednesday next to present the prises to the successful competitors amongst the members of the Kail Adelaide Bines. The prises, whioh include a gold medal given by Mr. Fowler, have been subscribed for by the emeers and men of the company. A man named Harold Barsley, who was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital, suffering from injuries received through his falling from the Wallaroo coach at Bry Creek on Wednes day evening, April 10, died on Friday. An in quest will be held this morning. We have received the following notice from the Postmaster- General:—"lnconsequence of the sailing of the Victorian having been postponed, mails for the Northern Territory aud California will be forwarded overland on Saturday, Ififch mat., closing at 6.30 a.m., aud a further mail will be sent by the Siam on Sunday should she arrive in time." , Mr. George Playfair, boatbuilder, of Biikenhead, has just built a whaleboat for Mr. Sullivan, of Glenelg, to be used in the fishing trade. The craft, which is 24 feet long and 4 feet 6 inches beam, is rather peculiar in con- strustruction, being carvel built below and clinker above. She is the first boat of this design which has been built at the Port for many years. A correspondent, writing from Crystal Brook on April 17, says:—"This morning Mr. Edwards, fanner, of Crystal Brook, reported to Police-trooper Dare that his men, who were grubbing in one of his paddocks, had found a human skeleton, but as yet it is not known whether the remains are those of a white man or an aboriginal. The skeleton was covered over lightly with earth, aud hew long it may have been there it is hard to say. Dr. Parkinson is going to examine it." The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Friday. The case of Eagiua v. W. H. Roach, an action for £050, compensa tion for damage to a cargoof iron rails conveyed by defendant in the Wiudsor Castle from Hiddle&borough; to Uivoli Bay for the South Australian Government, was taken before Mr. Justice Gwynue, and resulted in a verdict for £650. The hearing of Fonnby v. Salomon, an action for ejectment, was continued from tbe previous day before the Chief Justice, aud the plaintiff's case having been concluded was ade journed till Monday next. The Court then ad journed till that day. The following are the results of the recent volunteer rifle contests:—Marksnieus1 Prizes—A Company, Sergeant Pyne, 29 points: B Company, Private Morcom, 88 points; O Company, Private Starnes. '43 points; D Com pany, Private Chalmers, 39 points; E Com pany, Private Linton, 22 paints; F Company, Private Breaker, 38 points; G Company, no marksmen; H Company, Private Baldeook, 40 points; I Company, Private Bush, 40 points; X Company, Private Milne, 48 points. Batta lion Frizes —£60, Private Morcom, 51 points; £30, Private Starnes, 49 points; and £25, Private Kleesasm, 48 point*. The Chief Justice and Mr. Justice G wynne sat in Boaco for a abort time oa Friday morning. In the vase of Wad ham and Parr v. Fisher, Mr. Cullen (for the plaintiffs) moved : for leave to appeal on a> petition. Mr. Symon (for the defendant) opposed the appli cation on the ground that he had received no notice. The Court directed thai the motion should stand over till tbe next sitting, in order that the necessary notice may ba given meanwhile. Mr. Symon also asked for leave to appeal if te felt disposed to move in the matter. The application was allowed to stand over till the next sitting of the Court. The Wellington Post of April 4 says:— "Uentlemen favored with cards of private «trwe yesterday were introduced to the Go vernor by the Premier, Sir George Grey. Sir George also remained in attendance on His Excellency during the public reception which followed. We have reason to believe a long an d cordial interview took place between them im mediately on Sir George* return. Before he left Wellington he wrote to the Governor, ex pressing regret at being unable to weloome him personally, and explaining his absence. As soon as Sir Heroules's arrival wan announced Sir George telegraphed congratulating him on his sale arrival." A meeting of the Council of the Acclima tisation Society was held on Friday, April 18, at the office of tbe Hon. Henry Scott. There were present - Me W. J. Magarey,lLP.(in the chair), Sir John Morphett, Hons. Joseph Fisher, M.L.C., and Henry Scott, MX.G., Messrs. Samuel Davenport, George Hamilton, A. Abrahams, F. G. Waterboose, and tbe Hon. Secretary (Mr. B. B. Mincbin). The latter waa instructed to write to tbe Governor requesting His Kroellency to become President of the Society. The Hon. Secretary was also requested to communicate with Mr. Morgan AUport, of Hooart Torn, respecting tbe introduction of nalmon, trout, fee, from the waters of Tasmania. A special meeting of the South Aus tralian Football Association was held at tbe Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening, April 18, to consider tbe rules which had been drawn up by the Sub-Oommittee appointed for that purpose. Mr. Caterer was in tbe chair. Con siderable disenssion took place ou rule 6, which read as follows:—"Tripping, hacking, rabbiting, and sliogiDg are prohibited. Pushing with tbe liands or body is allowed only when a player is in rapid motion within five or sis yards of the liall. Holding is only allowed while a player lias the ball in hand, escept in -cases otherwise provided for." It was ultimately decided to Htrike ont the word "slinging." The other ivies were adopted in the form submitted. The New Zealand papers report that on the voyage of the Wave Queen to Wellington the chief officer. Mr. H. Smith, a relative of the captain, suddenly exclaimed "good-bye" to those on tbe poop, and jumped overheard. This wbs on 11th March. For some days previously he had refuted to do duty, and appeared despon dent. He sank at once, and all effort* to save him were fruitless. On the 30th March, whoa off Tasmania, a terrific sea broke on board, carrying away everything movable, and washing a, oaioou passenger, Btr. Graham, overboard. A line was thrown him, which he grasped, but he let go before he could be pulled aboard. He wns married just before the sbip left, and his wife was on board. Two children also died on tbe voyage. At the meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation on Friday evening, April 18, Coun cillor Thompson called attention to a statement appearing in tbe Register of that day to the effect, that tbe dredger Saraia was then raising silt of tbe best possible character, "but the Corporation was not able to remare it from the landing stages quick enough.'* He stated that tbe assertion was entirely untrue, and the Cor poration should, he said, give it a nat denial, and take some precautions to prevent a repeti tion of such statements. His Worship thought that as the question was raised the Council should then decide upon taking steps to get a better supply ?t silt. It was resolved on the motion of Councillor Rann. seconded by Coun cillor Beattie, " That a deputation should wait n|>on the Treasurer with tbe view of finding out the best means to satisfy their wants." At the meetinjr of the Glenelg Corpora tion, on Friday evening, a memorial was pre tested asking tbe Council to order tbe im mediate removal of tbe moveable points placed in Moseley-street by tbe Gleaelg and South Coast Tramway Company. It was decided after an animated discussion that the Company be informed that unless the points in Jetty-road and Mcedey-street were so altered as to be to tbe satisfaction of this Council by its next meeting the Council would insist on the im mediate removal of tbe line crossing the foot path. In refereuoe to the lighting of the Jetty road it was resolved that as soon as the cost of the lamps and fixings was paid over the Council would be prepared to light the lamps with gas for the remainder of the present muncipai year, the lamps to be to the satisfaction of the Council. "A cad fatality occurred in the train from Ballaratto Melbourne yesterday morniag," observes the Melbourne Argus of April 16. "One of the passengers was Mr. Charles Holmes, the i|si|iiiilni for the Ladies* Benevo lent Society, woo resides at 140, Chapel-street, Windsor. Mr. Holmes occupied a seat in a car- I riagesnd was supposed to bt asleep, but ou the arrival of the train at Spencer-street it was found that he had expired during the journey. Tho fcupposcd cause of death is disease of the hrart. Deceased was 60 years of age. The Gtrlong Tina, in a notice of the sad event, mentions that the deceased had bean on a visit to his brother at Sevastopol, and had not en joyed good health for some time back. Before reaching the Ballarat Railway Station he was seised with a fit, and though be somewhat re covered be was very ill. He arrived rather late, and in tbe hurry and bustle he was almost forced into a carriage, but after the traiu left he appeared to slightly rally. On the journey be continued to improve, and before reaching Lai I*l was able to look out of the window and converse with the other occu pants of the carriage, among whom were some ladies and children. When ne˚ Blame. however, be suddenly sat down, and complained of a great pain in his chest. The occupant* of the same seat stood up in order to allow htm to lie down, but while in the act his head fell backwards, and he was dead. Bvery effort was made to revive him by pouring stimulants down his throat, but to no purpose, and when the train reached Elaine Mr. Danoey, the guard, enquired in each carriage if there was a medical man present. If one being avail- , able the body was placed in as favorable a posi- | tion as circumstances would permit, the : {Mssedgers standing the remainder of the journey." "Eumore were prevalent in the city ' yesterday," writes the Melbourne Argus of April 16th, '* to the effect that an outbreak of email pox had been discovered, and no small alarm «aa created by the sensational reports which found currency. Upon careful inquiry it appears that though there was warrant for the rumor there is really no fear of the dreaded disease having made its appearance in our midst. The explanation of the matter is that ou Monday afternoon a colored mannamed John Ati, a man-servant, was admitted to the Mel bourne Hospital suffering'from a disease which, upon casual observation, bore some resemblance to smallpox. Dr. Bennie, who at once at tended to the case, did not like the symptoms, aud having made a preliminary diagnosis he ordered the patient to be isolated in case it should subsequently prove that he was really suffering from smallpox. Having taken these very necessary precautionary mea sures he communicated with Mr. Girdlestone, the eurgeon holding the position of city health officer, and that gentleman promptly attended and examined the case. An investigation of ail the symptoms and surroundings was then made very carefully, and the medical men who took part in the enquiry came unanimously to the conclusion that the case was one of chicken pox in a somewhat severe form, but that no traces of the more serious disease existed. At a late hour last night the patient was pro gressing favorably, aud there is no doubt that he will be convalescent in the course of a few days. No other case of even a suspicious nature is known to exist, and it is doubtless en the grouuJs whicli have just been stated that the rumor of au outbreak of smallpox was pro mulgated. 1' A correspondent of the Port Augusta Dispatch tells the following story of an occur rence at Hookina on the Ist of April:—" A certain lady was standing at the Hookina Well, which is close to tbe public-house, watching a man drawing water. The man, being of a jocu lar disposition, commenced chaffing the lady, saying she was not game to jump down the well, which, by- the-bye, is about 40 fee deep, but fortunately a.b the time had plenty of water in it. One bucket had just been landed, aud of course the other was down below. The chaffing continued for some time, and at last raised the lady's dander. ' What!' said she 'not game to jump down ; just you sec/ sod down she went, catching the rope in her descent. You may juat imagine tbe look on that unas face when he saw what he had done. Natmrally thinking that hwotaffing bad caused the death of the amiable ladj, loudly did he call for assistance—' Woman down the well,' 'women killed, Ace.,'bat all to mo pnrjrase, though he could *cc faeeg is the bUoksnrith's shop, men round their drays, men ronnd the pnb. corners, and all tbe faces were grinnlag. At last tome of the *oakers-on called oat—* Itfs no nse, old man. You don't April-fool u? chickens, No, not tins time.' Tben followed roan of laughter. In the meantime orereome with tenor, the man continuing yelling for assistanee,and the lookers-on thought he must be going mad or something certainly most be wrong.ao the more adventarousones went to him, and, to their horror, saw tbe head of some penon, tiro hands clasped on the rope, and heard a voice lustily calling from the bottom of tbe well, ' Oh, pall me out, pull me oat.' This wa? done, the woman sitting in the backet, andtfaeroenabevesinging > *'Yo,heaveoh. n After a few minute* oar lady appeared at the month and, oh, just imagine the eight, squatting in the bucket, face white as this paper, hair hanging like tallow or rather dripping candles, and. clothes adhering to her like stiokiug-plaster. The men anxiously asked her if she was maoh hurt. She replied,' Nothing, except my hands, which have lost all tbe skin off the palms / but turning sharply to her tormenter, she said, 'Just yon stop your chaffing for the future, or FU do it again.' Bven being iv the well for nearly a quarter of an hoar could not cool the lady** spirit." A special meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation was held on Friday evening, April 18, to consider whether or not a resolution pawed at * previous meeting to the efteot that tbe Fort Adelaide and AJberton Tramway Oom sanv should not be allowed to make a riding to their line in the OommereiaV- iaad should be rescinded. The Mayor and all the members of tbe Council were present except CoaneiUor* Bolleo and Cleave who sent apologies. Mnasrw. D. Bower, MJ\ A. Jones, G. &. SeJth, Hamilton, and W. Campbell were also preaent, as well as three of the ratepayers who formerly objected to the proposed siding. -A rapoxtfnnn the Town Surveyor was read on the subject. He recommended that if the aiding were allowed it should be laid down on the east side of the road, and that the length be reduced half ? chain, which wonld leave 1| chains om (ha straight portion of the line for standing room. He also recommended that the siding should remain only during the pleasure of tbe Council. Mr. Bower explained that if the Gompanj were allowed to lay down the siding, they would be quite willing to remove it if it was found to be an inconvenience in any way. He added that if the motors did not prove successful the siding would not be required. After some further discussion Councillor Thompson moved, and Councillor Haics seconded—" That the provisos resolution be rescinded." Councillor Malm voted for the motion, bat the other Oaan oDlors were against it, and it devolved spon the Mayor to give bis outing rote, which he did in favor of the- motion. The matter then being open for discussion, Councillor Thompson moved—"That tbe Com pany be allowed to lay down the aiding in ae cordanee with the recommendations of the Town Surveyor." Councillor Hams seconded and Councillor Halm supported, but Councillor Barm moved an amendment—"That the subject be adjourned for discussion till next meeting." Councillor Beattie seconded, and die Council being again equally divided. His Worship was appealed to, and gave his decision in favor of the amendment. A letter was then read from the Secretary to the Fort Adelaide Bine Com pany, requesting that the Company might be. allowed to shoot on the rifle ranges on the recreation grounds. The Council granted the application. The entertainment and bazaar is connec tion with St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, realised over £80. On the Oval this afternoon the North Adelaide and Hindmanh Clubs are to try con clusions. Should the latter win they will then tie with the Norwood* for first place in the Cup matches, each Club having one match to play off. The other match is Kensington v. Australians. A cricket match was played at Pert Augusta on Easter Monday between eleven members of tbe local Cricket Club and the same number of the officers and crew of the steamer Flinders. The "salts I'were tbe victors in one innings with three runs to apace, they scoring 41 runs against their opponents' 39 in two innings. The winning team was afterwards entertained by the lasers at a dinner at the Northern Hotel, and a vary enjoyable evening wag spent. Professor Baldwin and Mrs. Baldwin continue to draw good housesat White's Booms. Their exposure of spiritualism becomes real, and they make tricks facts. If it were passible to be deceived they know how to make the deception perfect, and those whose experience is that spirits act under phenomena which have no regular place in the tm?piritual world will find something to disSlurionise them. The house was well filled on Friday evening, and it may be supposed that those who went to realise dreams found that facts beat dretms altogether. Spectres there were indeed of Mr. Baldwin's creation, bat ghosts are only ghosts after all, and if Pro fessor Baldwin cannot fix a ghost, then there is no skill in legerdemain. A meeting of the Committee of the Easter Monday Catholic Picnic was held in the Sacristy of St. Francis Xarier'a Cathedral on Friday evening, April 18. Owing to tbe short ness of the notioe a full balance-sheet could not be produced, but the net result promised to be over £150 for the benefit of the Catholic Orphanage. The meeting adjourned to a later date. The above h??ifl««m? sum is all the more acceptable as His Lordship Bishop Beynolds has incurred heavy responsibilities by purchasing for the Oatholie Church Endowment Society.for the purposes of the Orphanage, the property of Messrs. Harriot Brothers, near Heotorville. The lease of the present premises .occupied as an Orphanage at Magill will shortly expire, and the erection of new premises is therefore neces sary. At the Theatre Royal on Friday evening Miss Ada Ward appeared as " Camilla" in the drama of that name adapted from the French of Pumas the younger. The question has been debated whether such plays should be pre sented to English audiences, and it is now con- I ceded that they point a moral if they do not ' adorn a tale. The intense love of the unfortu nate heroine for Armand Daval(Hr. Holloway) and the self-sacrificing spirit in which she de voted herself to a career of misery to save his honor and prevent his prospects in life being blighted, were portrayed with great dramatic power, and drew down the frequent applauseof the spectators. Camille'a interview with Moos. Dnval (Mr. Martin) was almost as affecting as the dying scene. Miss Ward was well supported by the other members of the company. This evening the sensational Adelphic drama, "Under the Gaslight," is to be produced with i new scenery and mechanical efiecta by Messrs. Perrynutn and Dalton. The South Australian Yacht Club will celebrate the dosing of the season by an aquatic demonstration at Port Adelaide to-day. Races for second, third, and fourth-class yachts have been arranged, but the entries have not been so numerous as was expected, and we fear our aquatic friends require a little working I np. The past season has hardly been as lively as it should have been, and if the genuine health giving pastime is to maintain its position among manly sports the owners of both large and small craft should support it as it deserves to be supported. There may be something in the fact that both the Commodore and Vice-Commodore of the Glenelg fleet are absent from the colony to account for the comparative inactivity which has been notioeable, but still it does not furnish a complete answer to what we have said. We trust nest 6eason will witness a revival of the old enthusiasm, and that we shall have some good yachting. The Club has chartered a steamer for this afternoon, so that the friends of the yachtsmen may have an opportunity of seeing tbe evolutions, and tickets for the boat can be obtained from the Honorary Secretaries. The steamer will leave the wharf on the arrival ef the quarter past 2 o'clock train from town. An additional feature of interest in the proceedings will be furnished by the Bowing Club Races. There are several good crews entered, and if the weather is favorable some capital sport should be witnessed. 