j NEWS OF THE DAY. i ?-?* TUB overland line is interrupted north of Powell's Creek. This sufficiently accounts for the non-receipt of our usual cabio messages from Europe. In our commercial column wo publish some commercial news, received through Reu tor's agency before tho interrup- tion, giving the state of thb London markets on the 23rd instant. THE usual weekly meeting of tho International Exhibition Commission was held yesterday afternoon, 1 Iiis Excellency the Acting-Governor presiding. A letter received from tho Colonial Secretary's Office, and stat- ing that a further sum of £1000 had been placed to tho credit of the Commission, was road. The Execu- tive Commissioner's report, containing as usual several interesting particulars in connection with the Exhibi- tion, was read and received. It will be seen that on the report of the Committee on Scienco and Education the Commission hava in the main adopted the sugges- tion of Dr. Roberts for an exhibition of tho dwellings, implements, weapons, icc, of the native inhabitants of Australia, Now Zealand, and tho South Sea Islands. A rr.rvATE letter from London to a gentleman in Sydney states that the success of our International Exhibition " Í6 watched with anxious eros by many sympathising friends on this side, who cannot find the time or leisure to visit your beautiful harbour and city." Tho writer also remarks that tho manner in which tho toast " Tho Colonial Exhibitors " wa3 re- ceived at tho dinner given to Sir Cunliffe Owen augurs favourably for tho interest taken in our pros- perity. THE Agricultural Society's Exhibition, yesterday, was very largely attended, and a larger number than usual visited the evening concert. Tho children from some of tho public institutions were admitted free of charge, and in tho afternoon they fairly overran the place. Tho awards nie all out now, with tho excep- tion of a few in tho machinery sections, where thc respective merits of certain exhibits have to be tested by actual trial. Tho judges visited the Hartford auto- matic pump erected at Moore Park by Drysdale and Roberts, an account of which will be found in our roport-in-chief. At tho concert, the Blondenettcs, Miss Maggie Innis, and Webb's Mario- nettes performed, and the largo audience Deemed tho- roughly pleased with the entertainment. To-day is tho last during which tho Exhibition wiil bo open, and to-night's concert, tho closing ono of tho series, should be tho best of all, for a most attractive pro- gramme is put forth. The Carandinis and Messrs. Sherwin, Campbell, Ackland, and Leveson will próvido vocal music; while Misa Melville and Messrs. Massey and Whitwam will perform instrumental selections. Ix our notico of tho Agricultural Society's Exkib tion Mr. Walker's name was inadvertently omitted from tho list of judges of poultry. It should also hare been stated that Mrs. Emanuel's first prize Brahms were awarded a special prize. In the sen- tence, " the best of sow of 6mall breed is one of Mr. Pernell's," the word " Berkshire " should have ap- peared in place of "small." FIXE weather has prevailed in the metropolis and in most parts of tho colony during thc past week. On two or three occasions, however, in Sydney, a squall lias como up suddenly, attended with a Ehower of rain. Yesterday morning, about á o'clock, ono of these sudden squalls passed over thc city. Tho rain came down heavily for about three-quarters of an hour. This is the first rain that has channelled thc streets for many months, but it was of short duration, and the quantity that was registered at tho Observatory did not exceed '653. A much larger quantity fell in some of the suburbs. Rain also foll along the coast from Sydney to Brisbane, a quarter of an inch falling at the latter place. TUE following is tho order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral for second Sunday after Easter, April 27 :-Magnificat, Thomas Attwood, in C ; Nunc Dimittis, Thomas Attwood, in C ; anthem, " I was glad when they 6aid unto me Wo will go into I tho House of tho Lord," Elvoy. I A MEETiNO of tho General Committoo of tho Now South Wales Zoological Society was held yesterday, when a progress report was read by the hon. secretary, and the rules for the guidance of tho" society were adopted. ALL tho arrangements connected with tho return ball to his Worship the Mayor of Sydney and Mrs. Roberts aro progressing most satisfactorily. The number of tickets applied for has been so large that the committee have boon compelled to announce a date, after which no further application can be received. Tho committee and the secretaries have been inde- fatigable in their exertions to make tho ball as brilliant in every respect as its predecessor. The decorations are to bo novel, and are expected to prove extremely efi'ective. Tho arrangements for the refreshment of the guests will be on tho same liberal scale as at the Mayor's Ball, and will havo the same staff of ready and obliging attendants under the direction of Compag- noni. COLOXEL AXDEKSOX, 0. M. G., Commandant of the Victorian military forces, was entertained at a dinner at the Exchange Hotel last night, by officers of tho Volunteer Engineer and liiilo Corp3, who were engaged in the Easter encampment in tho Victoria Barracks. Lieutenant-Colonel Raymond presided, having on his right the guest of the evening, and on his left Colonel 'Richardson, Commandant of. the New South Wales forces. About forty officers wero present, and amongst them wore, Captain Rowe, of the Engineers ; Lieutenant Colonel Goodlet, of the 2nd regiment ; and Major Hol borow, of tho 3rd regiment. Mr. M. Eitzpatrick.M.L.A., was also present. The room in which the company assembled was prettily decorated with flags, and the Head Quarters Band enlivened the proceedings hy musical strains. Tho bright red uniform of the officers gave tho scene a very gay appearance. " The Queen " was tho ih'st toast honoured, after which qame " Tho Lieutenant-Governor," and " Our G uest." In respond- ing to the toast in his honour Colonel Anderson ex- plained that he carno to Now South Wales to glean for the Victorian authorities information concerning tho operations in connection with the Easter encampment here. As he intended to draw up an official report on what ho had seen ' and heard, it would he thought, be rather out of placo for him to express ' any opinion respecting them. Ono thing he was freo ! to acknowledge though, and that was tho kindness accorded ' to him by the Government, the com- mandant, and the officers of the forces hero." Ho concluded by expressing his hope. of meeting the officers, and men of the New South Wales corps ouce again, and by drinking prosperity to them in the meantime. These sentiments were re- sponded to by Colonel Richardson, and then tho health of Colonel Scratehley wa3 drunk. Colonel [Scratehley, in acknowledging the honour done him, enlarged upon the desirability of a military federation of the colonies for the purposes of defence, and gave credit to Colonel Richardson for the military schemes that gentleman had initiated. Several com- plimentary toasts woro afterwards interchanged, which brought tho proceedings to a close. II. M. S. CONFUCT will sail for Havannah, New Hebrides, calling in at Noumea, on Monday next at noon, conveying mails to H. M. S. Wolverene, Cor- morant, and II. M. schooners. Ax extensive fire, resulting in the total destruction of a four-roomed weatherboard house, tho property of Slr. Barfield, occurred at Balmain yesterday morning. Shortly after 2 a.m., the night watchman of tho insur- ance companies' ire station observed a glare in tho direction of Balmain, and immediatelythe hand engine was started oif in the direction of the conflagration. On arriving at the scene of tliefire in Oxford-street,Balmain, it was found that Slr. Bin-field's cottage was in-flames, and, owing to tho combustible nature of tho material of wliich the building was constructed, it was almost reduced to ashes beforo the arrival of the engine. Tho members of tho brigade, together with those of the No. 2 Volunteer Company, who arrived at tho fire just before the insurance men, did good service by prevent- ing tho flames from spreading to a workshop in tho rear of tho burning building. Tho house was occupied hy William Robinson, a carpenter, working at tho Exhibition building, together with lu's wife and five children, all of whom were in tho dwelling when tho fire broko out. Robinson's account of tho manner in which tho flames originated is that, during tho night, he -had occasion to get up and attend to one of his children who was unwell. While ho was engaged witli the child the candle which ho held iu ono hand ho carelessly placed too near tho bed curtains and in an instant curtains and both the beds were in a mass of flames. Mr. Robinson, with tho utmost promptitude, conveyed his wife and chil- dren out of doors, and by tho time he had done that and brought out a modicum of cloth- ing tho flames had taken a fast hold of the building, which} they cid not relinquish until the entire edifico wa3 reduced to ruins. The loss to tho owner of tho houso is a minimum, as it was in- sured to its full valuo in tho Standard Insuranco Office, but the occupant had taken no such precautions, and tho destruction of his furniture, &c.;, is conse- quently a dead loss to him. Tho burnt out family took refuge in tho neighbouring houses, tho occupants of which showed a most commendable desire to do all in their power to relieve the trouble of tho houseless family. Ox Thursday ovening the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society in connection with tho Baptist Church, Bathurst-street, gave its first entertainment, which consisted of an " Evening with the Spirits," by two of tho members of the class. Among the many tests given were the following:-Davenport, Brothers' great handcuff trick ; Davenport, Brothers' celebrated dark cabinet seance ; spiritual tying, or how the spirits tie tho mediums ; spiritual horn test, or how the spirits blow horns-a puzzled committee man ; tho Katie King mystery, or fifteen minutes with the ghosts. The meeting was a great success, and the audience was thoroughly amused. A PKELIMIXAIIT meeting, convened by circular, and under the presidency of Alderman Elkington, was held at Balmain on Wednesday, in regard to the propriety of holding an international regatta on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, as a commemoration of the Exhibi- tion. The following resolutions were agreed to : "1. That a public meeting of tho inhabitants of Balmain should ho called for the purpose of carrying out tho annual Balmain regatta on 9th November next, and that tho same should be of an international char- acter ; it being promised the patronage of tho Exhibition Commissioners, 2. That the Mayor ho asked to convene a meeting to carry out the foregoing, on or about Monday, 2Sth April instant. 3. That Mr. P. J. Clark (Captain of tho S. R. C.), be requested to write by present out- going San Francisco mail to such leading members of English and American rowing cluh3 as he may think advisable, setting forth tho projected events in our next regatta, and inviting them to favour us with an early reply, by telegram, if necessary, advising compliance and intention to compete. 4. That the principal 'additional events projected bo an international scullers' race open to all the world for all-comers in wager boals, for the championship and prizes-£300 first, £100 second ; and an international four-oared outrigger race for all amateurs ; crews, bona fido members of any recognised rowing clubs throughout tho world-Uni- versity or otherwise. Prizes, £200." THE ninth annual meeting of the Sydney Rowing Club was held Inst night at Aaron's Exchange Hotel. It was largely attended, and Mr. Q. L". Deloitte occu- pied tho chair. The annual reports and balance sheets were adopted, and officers for the ensuing year elected. THE dray and van proprietors' annual picnic and dinner took place at Mr. F. Smith's Sir Joseph Banks Hotel, Botany, cn Wednesday last, 2.3rd instant. At the dinner, Mr. John See, J.P., occupied the chair; the vice-chair being filled by Mr. James Platt. A large number sat down to an excellent dinner provided by Mr. E. Smith. Full justice having been dono to the good things provided, tho usual loyal toasts were drunk with enthusiasm. The vice-chairman then pro- posed '* The health of our employers," which was re- sponded to in an excellent speech by Mr. W. C. Robinson, tho toast being drunk amid great cheering. The chairman thon gave the toast of the day in a very flattering address, paying some well merited compli- ments to tho dray and van proprietors of the city of Sydney. The vice-chairman in suitable terms returned thanks on behalf of the body complimented; and then " The Ladies," and a cordial vote of thanks to the chairman, brought to a close ono of the most pleasant gatherings of the working class ever held. AT the adjourned conference at tho School of Arts last night, on the subject of the proposed constitution of tho Working Men's College, Mr. Thomas, the chair- man, said that the General Committee had considered the resolution of tho Trades and Labour Council as communicated at the Inst meeting, and in reference thereto had adopted tho following resolution:-"That this committee regrets the decision at which the Com- mittee of the Trades and Labour Council have arrived, not to co-operate in the establishment of the proposed Technical College in connection with the School of Arts in such manner as is practicable ; that the committee does not think it expedient to take any stepä for the piu'pose of procuring au amendment of tho Act of In- corporation, as suggested by the Trades and Labour Council; that tho resolution of this committee to proceed nt once with the inauguration of the proposed college bo confirmed and acted upon without delay." It was not a matter of choice with the com- mittee, the chairman said, to take steps for an amendment of tho Act of Incorporation ; they were elected by the members to conduct tho business of the School of Arts in conformity with tho law as it exists, and only a general meeting of members could authorize them to take steps in the direction suggested. Tho committee would very much regret if they wero deprived of tho assistance of the several societies. They could not consent to any alteration of the first, thud, and fourteenth rules, affecting tho control and management of the College, but with regard to the other rules, they would bo happy to receive any sug- gestions that might bo offered. The resolution he had read had been communicated to the secretary of the Trades and Labour Council, but as their representatives wero not in attendance, ho supposed that they did not in feel at liberty to co-operate with them, j Messrs. Grey, Mackin, and Wallis, representing the ] Builders and Contractors' Association, spoke to the question, and their views coincided generally with those of the Trades and Labour Council. Mr. Guy suggested that the committee should nominate a Com- mittee of Advice, and call in such gentlemen as they thought competent to advise on the different branches of education proposed to bo embraced in the circle of the college. Mr. Dowling said that the proposed] Council of Advice would stand in the samo relation to the General Committee as the Library Committee for instance, whose suggestions are all but invariably adopted and carried out. Thev meant to carry out the object for which tho money had been voted by Parliament, but they thought it 1 only courteous to ask tho advice of those who were so much interested in the mode in which it should be' done-as to what should be taught, who should teach, and the amount of fees to be paid tho teacher, ,6:0., The chairman thought that Mr. Guy's suggestion was. a very good one, presenting the only way that he could see by which the committee of the School; of Arts could obtain the sought-for assistance. If the' societies wished to have a voice in the control of the College, let them become members, and at the annual meeting they could vote so as to put on to tho com- mittee such persons as they behoved would carry out their views, in regard to the way in which they thought a . Technical College should bo conducted. But already,; the committee contains among its members representa- tives of nearly every trade to which the teachings of tho college would be directed. They would strive to make the institution auch a success that it would com- mand all tho assistance it required. The conference then broke up. ,: 