REV. DR. KELYNACK OH THE EDUOA- : TION QUESTION. The Rev. Dr. Kelynaolc said :--i ' In ' that jmanifesto they, had a full, and frank, and fearless 'statementof -, the Church's vie\ys:upbn;thegreat education question; and he. quite agreed With1 . those -who - thanked Archbishop ' Vaughaiv for j thus' putting them in possession of what "was ithe deliberate view of their: Church upbhT:tlie Public-school system, and for also, pntting thein' in possession of the policy of ! that Church jin -the future .in regard thereto; The1 j first"' .charge.; jof/ Archbishop; Vaughan against' ! their; public/ school .system was.-.thaF'it/was; ; secularVrthat it. was godless';: au'd;secbndly,: that' j it could ' not-b.e; an. adequate education for "the : conscience," the heart, and' the will of the young.'; : When. tlie .bishops' made that 'statement they- must .have/' presumed largely /-.upon -'the; public credulity, - if 'they. imagined that'it .would'pass uhchailehged. ; ;for wlien he turned 'to' the' books themselves 'lib lbund. that the tyhole' 'realm - of duty' was '.covered 'by the lessons that'tli"esebodks! cohtainedv,The'y, taught thcVaerednessof 'truth and the shame of falsehood ; they taught the blcssedness'bf." righteousness and the bitterness of wrong-doing'; ; they taught, the sweetness of affection arid -gehtleness and mutriab help, and flip... ("evils' that;/ followed from, the neglect : of these .qualities' V '; they ' taught -the duty - of obedience' arid tho'penalties that followed -frorri disobedience ; in one word they placed beforo the minds of the young all the qualities that would give grace to youth and honour to' riper years,- and'which if- they brit accepted as the laws arid- models" of- life could not fail of. thp best pbssible' resrilts, ! And th'en if : they passed from the teaching of these moral truths to : the great facts arid doctrines of religion/ "hero again the briderice of the books most conclusively proved that the.sysfcem Was -far from being the: godless thing which it was so strongly represented to be. If the Bible'was not in useiu tlie schools as -a text-hook, the selections from the Bible covered the widest range, arid 'dealt" with -the most essen tial truth; (Hear, hear. ) They gave tho story of the creation, the record of the fall,- the tragedy of the deluge, the faith of Abraham- the history of /God's aucient people ; they gave the sublimest strains of the psalmist, tho.strong clear statement of the evangelists, and. tlie; doe- triries of the Apostles. Thoy gavo the life : of Jesus arid His death, His atoning: work,, and His mediatorial; reign ; they gave tnom; that , short epitome of Ghurch history vfound in the Acts of the Apostles— in . a; word,. all that. .wa3 sad in human: sin; all-.that was precious in Divine grace, all that was: glorious in the Divine coyenant-r-all ! was there— there; without note and comment- there in- the words of - that grand old Book, that liveth and abideth. for, ever.- (Applause). , The lecturer here read from the preface to the , Scripture lessons. ' j \- Now, from, these extracts, what became .of the : charge of the gross impeachment made by. the! bishops. It broke down by; its ovvn weakness, j (Cheers. ) It was fourid- to be a mendacious i libel, for. :. which they , migh t fairly ./demand j retraction and apology. And to the hierarchs: ; who: had --uttered, it, and who. had stamped it: with the stamp of Pius IX. to get it.iuto.general: eirculation-to-. those, hierarchs, we handed it! back, arid- we , say gentlemen,; you stand . con- . .vioted asfithe utterers.of Rase coin— cheers)— ! coin which he had -.tried with tlie test' of (simple, truth l and;.; had found, to . be worthless— only Vatican . brass. in r the -'place, of .genuine, gold.! '(ApPau®e") But .if , tho , 'Charge was disproved byithese quotations.'frpm tho-books, it. was still; more.coD clusively disproved when, they! .called! attention to the fact of that provision .which was' inado /-under the- Act for dogniatie .religious' instruction . by ;tlie authorised', representatives of; :tlie;.various: .religious .denominations. , Now, we riiight , fairly/ plead .tfiat.the absence of any dog-! matioiiteaching/fram.the curriculum - ofCburi Public;, schools in a (mixed; community such as : ours was a necessity of the ease, and .,we; might' also plead that if . tho Biblo was; not -in , our schools, it .was because . of, the - uncompromising opposition/ that the Church of Rome hail to it.: Did not the State virtually, say to the people of this colony, : we cannot vteach (iognia(; but» we oommitiourselv.es to, the,, education, of the ichil- dren who are to „be the future! citizens . of jtliis -Jand: with the help -of , such broad- moral arid ' religious! truths as may, be riaid to belong -to any religion- that is Ghriatian, leaving -,to the parents of;-., the -children , to ,'jteach . their. offspring. Viinv ireligion. they, niay /think, fit, and , in- their own way. ; Could anything be less open (to cav'ililian 'J?,; " took , care. that the conscience of no child should be violated,, not even the conscience ® ps-upsr, child, ;and/yet these. mitred traducers made the air ring with, the cry that the system of education was secular, godless, and: repro bate. It appeared indeed as if it were the duty of those lordly spirits to come down from ".'their high places and with the, aid of all .the priests to save the- country ;from so dreadful a catas trophe as was predicted, but thrit did " not suit the.Roman Catholic Church ; the thing was that : it brought her. down to ; a position of equality with all others. (Applause.) But what they desired was Government assistance, and if they' obtained that they would be satisfied. It wa3 utterly unseemly and outrageous that such a calumny should be perpetrated, for ho took it that the development of our Public school system was a result of which we had no reason to feel ashamed, and it had been accomplished by those who had the task of making our laws, and it had been accompanied. by a magnificence of endowment that was creditable in tho highest degree. It had scattered throughout the far interior tho advantages of education with won derful solicitude for the young. It had brought into existence a system of teaching and inspec tion, .the best that the State could ' command, and jt invited the different representatives of religion to j oin hand in hand to gi vo education its erowning.'blessing ; and, though foul epithets had- been flung at it, they would be nothing moro than the mist of a passing squall, arid .when the storm was over the Public school- system of the colony would be seen like some noble pile firmly rooted on its foundations, because it Had been built up in the esteem of a community who had lived to learn and appreciate its value; Thou again we were told in another allegation that the system was not only vicious in principle, ' but also in the results which it developed. It was really a most severe strain on one's self control to read those precious words of the Arch- ibishop's. (Laughter.) We hear that our Public schools, which we prized so' highly, were the 'seed plots. of immorality and infidelity. It was iweak . iu some part3, ' was that pastoral of the Roman Catholic Archbishop,-- but it was strong jin others— strong in' the j statements it contained.: The evidence by which these statements were to be proved did not appear to ' have occupied the (Episcopal mind at; all,.and the holy-fathers ap- ipeared to have been equally careless with regard ito .arguriierit also. -The fa.et"was- that if, one j looke'd at; the charitable side' of it he must come: ;to 'the- conclusion that they had-'been accus- j toriicd so long to be blindly obeyed, and to have j rill that they stated ' rebel i ved with such' - ineek; arid unquestioning submission! that;' they could ; not "understand' the boldness of the- Rrotestarit: | position ;so alien to the Catholic mind." -;«(Ap-r | plause. ) " .The statemerit was made that the chil-f I dreri1 who;were brought up in our Public schools j were iri strange' contrast with the childroriiwho. 1 were.educated in the' schools of v.the/ Ghurch-r-. i that they (were -'irinmoral/ that they were wariting : in gentleness "arid- respect - for religion", that tlioy: had no respect for- jprayer 1 or'for the sacraments -iri' other words, those 'wild- arid untutored chil-: dreri were looked ' upon- with the greatest mis- , giving by the clergy. . He iriiide bold to answer ; such'statenients as these from tUe'Romish Rier- arehs, arid' he' ventured" to sa'-that' hewould not outstep th'c bo.ririds of1 truth when he said that, in the judgrrient of all the other' 'seetions'of the community, except the Roman1 Catholics, such' statements ivere gross slanders that carried their own refritatiqris . with thein.' < (Applause.) Was it! reasonable':' to suppose that- the thousands of Roman', Catholic parents' who -sent their children to. the 'Public srihools.-wo'urd' be. parties ! to srieh degradation as hadbeeivallegedof their children in faith' arid "morals',1 .or" thiit ' wo ; would - stand quietly by and mark the effects of Va' blight that was falling on; qur educational system -without sounding an alarm. Could we7 b y:any process of logic come 'to the 'corichisiori 'that the -system was .as 'dark as it was painted'.- Surely 'there nvas no 'lieresy in" the -"multiplication > table, and :nb ghost'of an'alieri'ereed iuthe'English Grammar -(laughter)— and no; peril to the Romish : faith in a copy-book. It-1 was reri'oagh"to take one's breath away to hear that this goodly tree that was so fair to look upori should 'really be 'pro ducing fruit .that was so'rarik rindo vile. --If he answered' the Roriiish hiera'rchs as they -deserved to be answered, he ' eo'rild tell 'a' tale - of Romish (fruits'irijqth'er lands that would; he thought, ;put the boot' 011 the oth'erieg.-'He would have some- thirig-to.say of tliat presently, but in fho-meau- tiino lie would only ' reniark'that it1 jnst seemed .as. if the .reverend" fathers/had bebn'di-awing a faricyrsketoh, . and had'put too 'much light ' into orie piotnre;aridto'o(rriueh shadoivtnto the other. 1 (Applause.) In dismissing the topic fortho pre- sent he would say that he' had found in 1' those 'Catholic lands where a Catholic atmosphere was breathedj ! arid where there' were Catholic pas'- : tures ancl 'Catholic sKeph'eraS; that there' were1 i/mariy' as rough' as"''gpatri and'by'no -means' dike : gentle sheep, (applririse and' laughter) ; arid' he ha(d found, the Catholics; iri! times of Parliamen-1 tary electidris and political' excitement, as fierce: as vvolves! v( Renewed, laughter arid' applause.) He now, came to another' point of the Pastoral. ;A further' allegation was ma.de/ that -this -system: 'ofPublib-edrication-'wari subsidised for the multi plication of schools/1 which' Was's.aid to be'suehi a galling injustice as' to provoke the warmest ' feelings' of 'resistance, with- a , .view -.to . its des-; 'truction.' Now this talk about; Catholic money; was perfectly absurd 011 the faeeof it. . .. The Go-i yernment did not know a - Catholic shiilingfroni: a Protestantfone. ) Moriey.was receiv'edirom the; -: people- of -"-thri eoloriy generally, ancl the Goyern-' meat disbursed it for thelgood.of :the;;eqmmon-i .wealth' (upon, broad: principles ;of public, justice,! < and there was a direction in . (which the. Church of /Rome did, get /more (thariher fair, share of. tlie; State, money; ;.It:received; for- Her paupers (and . criminals more than' was (fairly due' by , tlie lay! ; of proportion, and yet the bishops were 'fo'bd'of : the rnle of three. , (Laughter, ) -For. th'e support of her paupers/ and; felons, and( orpliaris/ the Church.; of Rotne d rew, very heavily in prppor- tiori to what" she contributed. He ' would !,ask them'to.note the figures,, and . they; would.firid .that the facts were, in a .strange obntrarit';! with' the statements made. The (bishops had groahtd about injustice. . Let .them consider the faet' that last. year the Churuh of Rome received, as a sub- \- sidy for Denominational education, £16, 9001 Gsfid ; aud that- all-,, the , other denorriinatibris, ex clusive, of, 'the: Church of, England, .received .something, less -than £3000. Brit the- bishops said that ( the Catholics .- could! ; not .use; the , Public schools, they were so galling and oppressive. On- the rolls of our schools there were 13,850 Roman Catholic children, and on the rolls of certified Denominational schools there were 9704. Ihey had not (done . with their lordships yet. Last year the Council, of Edrieation received 179 appliea- tions for new schools. The parties making them were represented by( 21 IS parents and guardians who bad promised tbj send their children to the' schools, arid this number included 055 Roman, ; Catholics., .The children who were promised/to .be, .sent numbered . 6404 of all denominations, 1 but 19S9 of - them forined the Roirian ebritiri'gent.- But they had riot done with their lordships yet.' The total number of children of school age in those districts represented by the applications was 743S, of whieh 2224 were Roman Catholics; ! and out of those 2224 Roman -Catholics 19S9 were pledged to attend the Public schools. And yet the conscience of the Catholics was opposed' to the Public school system. (Laughter.) 'In the face of theso facts, what became of tje strong statements of tho bishops ? . Thbir jyalne ; faded away like the baseless fabric of a drearii. Who had heard of the groans of oppresed con science, or of the murmuring of a people ground down by a pressure they were unable to bear, until this document was manufactured and put forward as a decree of the Church of Rome ? The Roman Catholics had availed themselves, of the State machinery to have their children educated, and had never had a suspicion that they were participators in wrong doing. Now they were told, and' the Government was told, and ;the .''country was told, that the Roman- Catholics ' had! been stooping to drink at, a foul stream, and the decree had gone forth that those who would not drink of the waters of education ' which was carried through Roman aqueducts should be treated as heathens while they, liyqd! and when they died, and were told that. 'at,thb' last they would go to the depths of thatperdi-,. tion which Rome declared was the destiny !of (all ( (who_ disobeyed; her mandates. This! was, (the.; gracious mother who longed to . press- to,"h'Cr'( jyeamiog heart.rher erring children. ..(Laughter, - and cheers.) It made one.sad to reflect, what'the' 'effect .oi .all . this, would- be (upori, the. ,'Romari( jCatholic mind. Whether Roman .Catholics wovild or would not resist this; Pastoral; "that to liis f 'mind had done, so much todamage their Interests,/ jitwas;not for- -him; to; say." - /It was not;, f or "him.1 to say whether ,they t would .bend' ' down; toj the; (yokewhich wasought/ to bo -placed , upon' their; ; shoulders. ,. But hp, , would say that thejeqirimunity j generally would not stand tamely by and see thiri (outrage perpetrated- on the rights, of. freemfen'.-1 It appears from-the tables of Sign or Matteuc'ci, ; ex-Miriister. of Education, , that of. every (thriii.' : sand males in ith'e-qld provinces and Lombardy;! 1 539- were; more or less able to read,; and 401, tlid- not knowj-: (their,, .letters. Of every (-thousaricl 1 females 420 coiildroadfand 574 (oould-npt." /Tliat' is to say, - about one-half , the,- population Was able. : to road. -But; nearer to/ Roino— in jEmilia/ 1 Tuscany, /the .Marshes, aud( Umbriaof;.everyr thousand males, those who could'read were only; j 359, lea,ving,G41 jw ho, could. riot , of,' every thou-'; sand lemales 750 were unable-tb read.//1.So,that. iii those provinees. a, little oyor one-fourth /only of; the population could read. , In" Naples arid Sicily—- where the -reign of! the priests. ivas, niost unrestricted— those who could not road" were — : of .every thousand males, 835 ; of every thousand females, ,938.; In other words, in the, Neapolitan province in: every Rundred of the popiiiation'.ten only were able to read. Nearer to Rome they therefore; found something in. inverse ratio "to what;the, bishops, would lead them to expect. And this ;r was -under the very ; Pope's ; rioso.' (Laughter.)— Ho would give them a quotation of Mr. -Leekie,;— " It was tho custom, theri as; it is rthe- custom now for the Catholic pripst3 to stain the imaginations of young children, by gbastly,- pictures ;of future misery ; to imprint upon, the virgiii - mind atroeious images j which they i hoped , not unreasonably might prove indelible. Few Englishmon, I imagine, are aware of the' infamous publications '.written with this objeqb that, are . circulated by the Catholic priests among, the poor.'! He next eitecFMastcr Fitzgibbpn,—' After ,, the publication (bf/- my book on /Ireland in 1SGS, my attention Was called to some school histories written by ; Jesuits for the use of the children in- Roman '(Catholic, schools, and, I added a chapter; to the second edition of my book!,-: in which .1 qommented 'on thq -perversion, and,- falsification of . history in thoBe , books1/ on one of which Archbishop ,Wha,tely's: comment was, that ' nothing ' coiild oxcoed: the unblushing audacity, of itb.falsohoqds except - the atrocity, of its ; principles, arid;! tliat Vthe perversion ;of its morals, is still worse, ;'. than its per version ;o£ .facts.' ' ! Take Mr. Gladstone's testimony., / Mr. Gladstone,! the greatest states man, not only of England but' of the world." -Ho said conoerriing Italy,— "It was a "land of 'mis rule in which. ho had seen perjury the daughter of fraud, the mother of cruelty- aiid vice ;sfalk abroad under the sanction, of , iris Govcrnnienti A; couutry, where, by means of a 'philosophical catechisrii for the use of Primary schools, ' there were taught .under. , the veil of religion! priticiples at-once false;, base/, and demoralizing,1 and (where there was; shown, a real resolution to pre-occupy all minds in the time of their tender arid waxen youth; and; before the capacity of thought/with those principles. !.;', Of this teaching f or -Primary .schools Mr. .Gladstone, himself with a righteous ! indignation! that (does him honour, records -his ideliberat'e.jndgmerit that rio , more -cunning- plot -was' ever deyisedjjati leiiht! by. mari against/ the . freedom, the! happiness, the virtue of mankind. /(Loiul (cheers.) ...The prelates said/, thai,' with ,. politics as'pplitics/thcy. had no'desire to' meddle. ..(Laughter.)j They (must have . looked'' ;at' one jaubther When,. they , said (that, . . (tiaugh'ter/ and cheers.) They(,;must / fight!'this.'matter;(at;'the Rustings if (the , principles of the Pastoral yvero proceeded' with arid pressed to a practical 'issue. They must;say to the, candidates ." Are- ybri-for Pope, or. /Parliament ? " .(Prolonged './cheering) — -,Rome(qr Australia." !: (Loud' eliceririgi)' JlTfaey must -fight at' theRallbt-bbxes, and, for. the time, sink ,.all; miribr/differeuces 'arid join' hands to defeat this , priestly conspiracy. (Hear;1 hear.) They must tell, the, representati ves of .the people that they would (watch the action in Parliament of the spirit of (the. Roman Catholic Church— (cheers)— and tlieywould'seb to it thafc;iri that (Supreine Court/. of the !natibn,' 'the watchword should be " Jjustioo for!all, 'arid preferential' legis lation fqrribrie./' /.((Cheers.) ; : ! ! !' : ,Charle3 Schultz, whose -"evidence in 1 tho abattoir' enquiry was so'startling, being charged 'with habitually causing, disturbance, brought to the' 'Herald ' office a document signed; by flfteen of hi8 fellow-workmen testifying, to-.-his mildness and. "straightforwardness.- -X everthe- le.ss we (think ' ail unsophisticated man , c'anribt r-fad his evidence/ in the face of the rest, -.with- i-ut serious - misgivings as to animus arid :over zeal, perhaps unintentional— but very. apparent. The abattoir8 are, deficient in structural fitness, and in the nuinber of hands ; but the attempt -'to cast blame bn the superintendent is foolish ' periiaps interested. He seems to haver done his duty, so' far as circumstances allowed. :.r - "-M"l ;vnl 