QUEENSLAim [From our own Correspondent.] Brisbane, January lo. Up to the time of the assembling of Parlia ment last Tuesday we were very apathetic _abont things political, bat we wakened up won derfully during the'last few days. All the preliminary formalities attending the assembling of a new Parliament were got through on Tues day, and the trouble began in earnest on the following day, when the Governor opened Parliament in person. Ministers had put a very lengthy speech into His Excellency's mouth. It contained such a variety of subjects for future legislation that it quite cut the ground away from under the feet of the other party coming into power, and this probably was the intention of the framers. I seed hardly say that the Chinese question held a-prominent position, and those present could hardly avoid smiling when they heard the Governor, who is as intense an admirer of the Chinese as could he met with, and who has not a domestic in his establishment who does not hail from the Flowery Land, announce that a Bill would be introduced to check the influx of Chinese, and that a new contract would be made for our northern mail service which should positively prohibit the employment of Asiatics or Polynesians on board the mail steamers. The speech told us that a measure was to be introduced intended to improve the Civil Service. Such a measure is badly needed if only for the purpose of laying down something like a satisfactory principle with regard to the appointment and promotion of Civil servants. Great discontent prevails in nearly all the departments on account of the manner in which some recent appointments have been made. It is felt that good servants of the public should be able to feel sure that faithful work will meet with its due reward, and that that rather than interest should be the^guide of those who have appointments and promotions in their hands. Notwithstanding that we are utterly poverty-stricken, and are looking for ward to increased taxation, the speech suggests a good deal of further expenditure on railways. Of course the speech bids us not to take too gloomy a view of the future, while Providence and the state of affairs "at Lome " are debited with the unsatisfactory past and present, it being taken for granted that the Ministry have made no mistakes whatever. As soon as the opening ceremony was con cluded the Opposition held a caucus meeting, on which occasion I played the part of Paul Pry —that is, I hung about the purlieus of that Committee-room in order to be able to form some idea as to how the Government would fare when the inevitable battle was fought. Well, i soon came to the conclusion, from the way in which the room filled up, that the Government had not the ghost of a chance; and when I beheld members in their places in the House a few hours later my impression was greatly strengthened. The Ministerial side of the House presented a beggarly array of empty benches, while the other side swarmed like au amieap. You must permit me a little exaggera tion on so exciting a topic. No time was lost in getting to work. The two youngest memVers, Messrs. Meston and Paterson—the former a Pressman and member for Kosewood (a new electorate;, and the latter one of the many lawyers in the House and one of the members for Bockhampton —moved and seconded the address in reply. Both did very well fer a first attempt, and although both were fluent the speeches had not that strong flavour of preparedness that many glib speeches by new hands often possess. It was not generally understood whether the address in reply or the election of Ghairman of Com mittees would be the peg on which to bang the inevitable quarrel, but Mr. Mcllwraith soon set the question at rest by moving an amendment in the usual shape of want of confidence. His speech was temperate but full of confidence, while the Premier's waa temperate, too, without the confidence. Mr. Douglas had no satisfactory material to work npon, and was evidently only anxious to die gracefully and game. Mr. Palmer delivered one of his trenchant speeches, bat the speech was that of the Minister for Works, Mr. Griffith. This was a most telling effort, and showed clearly that the hon. gen-' tleman would make a splendid leader of the X)j>positioh. The debate might have ended and the fate of the Ministry decided oa the Wed nesday, but numbers of the many new members were anxious to have their say on so eventful a question, and out of courtesy to them the debate was adjourned until the following day, a pledge being given by the Premier that a division should be then taken. On the Thurs day, in addition to an excellent speech from the Treasurer, Mr. Dickson, we had the opportunity, and in some cases the pleasure, of hearing the new chnms, as they were irreverently called. The majority cf them shaped very well, and for debating power the new House is likely to prove an improvement on the old. At about 9 o'clock, by which time the smallest of the small fry had said their say, a division was called, and great excitement became at once noticeable in the crowded galleries ; bat it was easy to state the result long before the tellers commenced their labours, and the declaration— 20 for the Ayes and 32 for the Noes—took nobody by surprise. The next morning, when the House assembled again, the Premier of course announced that he had tendered his resignation to the Governor—who, equally of course,accepted it—and that Mr. Mdl wraith had been entrusted with the task of forming a new Ministry; so now we are all on the tiptoe of expectation as to whom our futnre rulers are to he, though I fancy there are some who can make a pretty shrewd guess No doubt the whole thing has been cut aui dried for some time past. As yon will probably learn by telegraph, ere this letter reaches yoa, the names of the new Ministry, I will not trouble you now with my speculations ou the subject. Had the address in reply been allowed to pass unchallenged there was to have been, and still will be, I suppose, a great fight over the appointment of a Chairman of Committees. The Liberal candidate is Mr. De Poise Tyrel, the member for Carnarvon, and the Opposition candidate Mr. Groom, a rat from the Liberal side. The_ latter is almost sure to be elected, judging by the majority Mr. Mcllwaith had on the late division. At .the same time the leader of the Opposition can- hardly expect to retain the large majority he then had. Many of his votes w&e; given! by members against the -Ministry rather than against : the Liberal party, and the' woxkiBg majority of .the . new Ministry, will hardly exceed'seven, which is-quite enough in a House of fifty-five members.. And this reminds me that dnrStg the late, debate fifty-four out of the fifty- five "were: present during a portion of the time. The election of a Chairman of Committers in the; other Chamber was of a very different character from that which will take place in the Commons. Mr. D J. .Roberts, who has held the position for some time, again finds himself east for the very comfortable role. - It is understood that there are men in the Council better fitted for the position, but with a generosity and con . sideration which did them credit the intended j nominees would not allow tliemselvesto be put | in the light of the late Chairman. And, by-tbe way, 1 quite forgot to say. that Mr. King, the late wery satisfactory Speaker- in the Lower : House, has again been pat in the post of honour. He was proposed by the Premier, seconded by 'the leader of the Opposition, and elect>d ; Speaker nem con, Nor could the House have done better. The only complaint 1 have ever . heard: against Mr. King in his capacity of : Speaker is that he takes too prominent a part \- in debates in Committees of the Whole, bit I really don't see that the complaint is a very reasonable one. The ceremony of opening -Parliament had a ; shocking conclusion. While the volunte r battery, composed entirely of old -soldiers, wa« i fifing a salute from the battery in the Queen's Park, not far from the Parliament House, one of the sons prematurely, the mn eeqaence being Oct two- of the gamier* who were engaged in loading the gnns were blown kway, while tbematfaVthe while theotherwM^rand to-be ghastly mutilated that it was regarded wi a merciful release trim t Sew hoat^Uit Midi - lie breached hia last in thehospHabThefoneag took place next dayjtend iwasone ofibefaaost imposing ceremonials' of the kind -.'ever* seen here. Tbe wbole city turnedwnt^ and as was to have been expected* the volunteers mastered very stroBgly, and? the cortege was consequently a very' long one. An enquiry into the cixenmsfeanoes of the acci dent was commenced to-day, bat not much evidence was taken. There is-a strong feeling, that the enquiry should be as Coll and as strict as possible, and that experts should give their evidence. The accident is at present inex plicable. Borne suggest that the vent was tot properly served, others that the gnn is honey combed, and others again that the sponges were too smalL From all I can learn SogeautOmfk. a steady old soldier, whs served the vent, will be acquitted of carelessness. This poor fellow,, notwithstanding his own suffering, marched in the funeral procession. One of onr newspapers has been sitting oh " Hansard," which it regards as a quite unne essary and expensive luxury. The paper puts ; he cost of this toy at £6,000 to £6,250a year,. *nd fails to see a quid pro quo fat' the money. The *' Hansard "plan inclndes the training of a. lot of boys to shorthand reporting, and it is suggested that it would be just as proper to send home to England for the best man obtainable in -order to teach bookkeeping or any other pro -fession to onr rising generation at the public -expense. I do not regard onr "Hansard" as • success, although there is little- to complain of as regards the manner of its bringing out. Its tendency is to cause membera to speak at greater , length and more frequently than they otherwise would, because they know that their utterances will find fall publicity, which under the old. system it did not by any means followthat they wonld. The police have been catching it at the hands of the Press, end certainly a more wretched Ciece of police bungling than that perpetrated ere recently can hardly be imagined. A- youth named O'Sullivan was sent with a man named Brown to fetch a mob of cattle for a Brisbane batcher. Brown disappeared from his camp one night, and O'Sullivan having waited for him some time brought the cattle to Brisbane by himself. When it became known that Brown was missing the boy O'Sullivan was,, although there was no good ground of suspicion against him, straightway arrested on a charge* of murder, manacled hand and foot, and re manded from time to time, the police mean while looking for something like evidence. Evidence, sure enough, did turn up, in the* person of the supposed murdered man, who had only been indulging in a bit of bush eccen tricity—caused, doubtless, by bush brandy. It most have been very poor consolation to the poor boy O'Sullivan to be informed that he left the Court without a stain on his character. The public are very angry over this matter, as well - they may be. Things are not as they should be with onr volunteers. Some of the most prominent mem bers of the force have resigned lately, having thrown np their commissions in disgust. The fact is the volunteer system is perfectly strangled with red tape. The moderate desires of the volunteers ace treated as though they were monstrous. It is a great pity, for the max are almost without exception enthusiastic in. their work. It is generally insisted that there must be a paid military man at the head of affairs. A civilian, however well- intentioned he may be, can hardly be looked opto with con fidence by the men. Colonel Scratchley is to - pay as a visit next week, mid I should not be at all surprised to find the subject of procuring a first-rate military commandant mooted to him. I am sorry to say that I can report nothing satisfactory regarding mercantile affairs. Since I last wrote we have witnessed the failure of an important house, that of Messrs. Berens,. Eauniger, & Co. This failure has had a very melancholy accompaniment—that of the death of the senior partner, Mr. Berens. The poor fellow was missing from his residence the day the failure became publicly known, and aday or two afterwards he was found drowned in the rver. It is feared that other failures will follow,., at *1 we have again quite lost our spirits, which we were gradually regaining. The Governor's speech announced that the enquiry by the Boyal Commission into- the working of the Real Property Office, which Peter son, the late Deputy Registrar-General, made so prominent by his frauds, has shown that there are no serious defects in the department,, which must be good news to the employes, high and low, because they have been threatened with being got rid of root and branch. On* effect, however, of the Royal Commission anl the Peterson frauds combined has been ti create a panic amongst the big-wigs in. the office, the consequence of which is fhat a system of checking and counter checking and general distrust has been esta blished which is most irritating and heart breaking to all concerned. 'Tis ever thus under like circumstances. The unfortunate underlings are worried out of their lives, and the work of the department must suffer in consequence. I am told that the very office bookB are barred np, and that when one is required there is as much - fuss and ado as though the Grown jewels were in coarse of removal. This is all very silly and worse than useless. We have bad an extraordinarily cool summer on the whole, o si sic omnes, but we must be content with present blessings and "seek not to • proticipate," as the immortal Mrs. Gamp says. The season has been a splendid one for farmers and graziers. Grass has been and is most • plentiful, and fat beasts are plentiful. Un fortunately these are not saleable except at ruinous prices, and, as the stockownets say,. "there is always something." It is rather heartbreaking to find that there is scarcely any thing to choose between a long period of' drought and a season of fatness for the land. 