NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—Ghost. Pantomime at the Academy of Music; meeting of City Council; (meeting of Ballarat Fire. Brigade; meeting of Bechervaise Testimonial Committee, Lester’s hotel, 8 p.m.; Court o£ General Sessions; County Court- ' ' Fresh complications appear...to; have arisen in France. Marshal' MacMahon has.: resigned the, preti dencyowiug to differences with his -Ministers, and M. Qrdvy has been elected in Mi -Qrdvy is known as a man off great firmness, of character.,- M. Qambetta has been elected President 6f the Chamber 'of Deputies. ..--rho 'i - ' • .-tj;-, ' .. The general: .Sessions were • opened .pn< Saturday before his ’Honor'Judge Hackett,;chairmah, :! the -list being a'light one.-- James Martini alias Munro, was sentenced to-twriyo:;mohths’-hard-'lab'or for-forgery and uttering, ■,'a i cpmpahibn'’ named being 'acquitted. ..Thomas Starr was "also! acquitted on,.a charge; of stealing V-purse containing .money; and James Beavriok, whp. pleaded guilty of the larceny- of some^wool frbm'PeereWurJ was' remanded-for sentence; .The court wiU;reaume..at.9 ; a.m. to-day,-when.the. last case, that.ofaPatrick -Davoren, for,.indecent, assault;, will be .taken, 0,.; rp*-.. r. .V \- -The County Court till to-day after, the Sessions are concluded. ” j iOnr-Melbourne reporter telegraphed, the new regulations for-' the-carriage iof agricultural produce, would bp published in tbe.ffazeitethat even ing, 'but.,thay .'haye,hot. yetVappearedr .lAs'.wo'sbg geated,' it is 'probable that some alterations !were found to be necessary;';-,.' :^ k--..:, iVjMajor Smith-had an intemew oh-Saturday, withMr Qriaoom and several others interested in the’iworh! ■ing lof the diamond drill,at .present used .for boring on the- claim-of the Lpughlih. Company . at Kingston, and; it was 'decided; in- consequence of'.’the'.'pbV sti-übtion caused by the soft clay which the drill was pasting thrdughVtb tube thb ,hole.". . on ~,Mr Philip Davies, to'whom! the directors of the Prince of Wales Company, Sebastopolponce .-.behaved so splendidlypis howMaßaUaratpurchaaingpuddling machines and -other-gear- -for the,,South, jfTead Company’s mine,.on'theloid alia rial ..lead’, opened 1 in 1862 at the Lachlan 1 diggings,-New South He has bought puddling-machines at the late Cunning’s mihe, r Gfe?wick, a'tfdohas'orderedronerofrPrypr’s-safetj. cages to be made for transmission.with the. puddlera to the Lachlan. .Wa'ieqby a“fepeftin'a'" New South -Wales paper that the South Lead Company’s prospects are very flattering, and since Mr Davies' arrival here he has reoeived -naws of the striking of a good, -wash. As the manager, Mr Davies will be. sure to make "the -beat of the venture for all interested. We are not' surprised to read inthe report in question that “ the energetic mahner in which tha'workisj, being' pushed ■bn speaks -well for those who have the control of the enterprise;”'and wet rust that : our‘'fellbw.B6riba’a Yiew’ is correct, namely, that--“ there' doubt of its being a very payable property.” ;-Prom Mr Davies we learn that puroldiriand, Mr; Jphn-Phillips, late-of the Government Survey Department in has left, the New South -Wales Goyarnmehtjaervice/ and' ‘iH now keßEing.schooijin-New South‘Wales'.' In - otder-.tocmeet.ihe demand- made i up,on. ; tha.,ra-„ sources of the Railway Department for' the ‘convey-" anee, o£ immense, quantities of'wheat from stations along i .of the lines being-clear, on; Sunday ; to, send up,, a " lot, of empty trucks from Melbourne to Ballarat,!whence, they were, sent on to the ,new'wheat .country in four trains, **■ *" cv •- 'SVOK r > -The Hot weather seems 1 to'‘have Hold pretty ’hard 1 upon the jurors who were 'summoned to attend the General Sessions on Saturday, judging by the number who handedin,medical. certificates of ill-health, and were discharged from service. Two black trackers who have been in the Tarwin River,District for the last-four weeks searching for Martin' Weibergi the escaped gold robber," returned-to > town yesterday,- and reported thattheir efforts, to dis-r cover;the', fugitive had not ■ heeh! attended. with-. any. success! J ,!They wißhtfthroagh'.the .bash; 'describing k circle- of .:a -.good-, number-; ‘of miles in'.'diameter round .the, spot where the escape took place, Vut failed to findqny trailfo'p trace;pf the offender!' .“.n -a ■ \- : The ebow of the Gentlemen of England aiHathurst 1 was. 229. .... , t ‘ ". A'telegram j from Castlemaine states: that,Willliafo Campbell, long and favorably known here as agent for ahd.Company; earners; was arrested on- "Satarday-: ■ morning,charged,!! with';. einbezzlihg j£33oo‘the property-of McCulloch and Company.;:.!;;; ■ Oar Egerton correspondentwrites:-— 1 151 mentioned in mine of Saturday that -four one-pound notes had' been the burning, buildings at the ,rear of Mr Mackinley’a store- at Egerton, that as tbe.cdn tents of the-cash-box- stolen-from ,that gentleman’s! premises on the 22nd instant consisted of four one pound notes, a half-sovereign, and thirty shillings in silyer, t it was supposed that the notes thus found were a pprtibn,of. the' 1 stolen,"property, ' Such, -'however,t proves potto be the base, as a miner named T; David son, who had been paid that' number of'notes at the Black Horse mine during the afternoon, lost ’themLout of ’ his while assisting to-extinguish the fire, ana on stating 1 the 'circumstances attending and the ; amount of his loss, 'Mr Mackinley at once handed them'over to •him.”-i.-.... The remains.of; the .late-Mr John Thomas Smith, : M.L.A., ; werei -interred, in the Church of. -England portion of the Melbourne Cemetery on Friday after-’ boon;- .-u; On Sunday week.two sermons were preached in the Primitive’Methodist' Chafch,' Grassy Gully; by- the Rev.' J. G. Wright; and on the Wednesday following a.-tea, provided ,by Miss Yigar and; given by Mr.G. Kingdom, was .patronised by a go’odly numberlof friends from far.ahd from near. The public meeting was presided ,6yer by 'Mr. by the circuit '_ministera., ; MisS Vigar :r pretide'd at the harmonium, anil; tbs choir sweellyi rendered choice selections from “Song Life.” - Yotes of thanks were passed to‘Messrs Kingdom and Bell (the latter for his donation'of -£l) r 'Misa-Vigar, and the choir.; . Proceeds about £9 10s. The, children had their picnic on the Thursday* ; 1 - ! >- i- ’f Li 7J. ..; > ~ ■"‘ A conference of delegates from the -Buninyongshire and Bungareeshire councils was held at BropHy’s hotel Saturday,- the'business being, the adjustment, of the much,vexed question of the-Melbourns North'road maintenance;' ' Buninyongshirewas represented by the president,-who. took the chair,, and Crs Green* and M'lherney; the Bungareeshire; delegates, Crs Cloheey, Cops, and Devereux.. Messrs Hale (secretary)- and ’Boyd (engineer) of -the Buninyongshire Council were also present. ;A. .very, lengthy.- and weariapme discus sion took place as to the ownership of some 409 yards of blue foetal, on '.the, road- ih and upon .matters conbected with the joint maintenance of the r ?ad, as agreed upon some time since by the two bodies, and : no' decision*waa' arrived.-at, it -bting-.re solved to refer the-dispnta- back- again to the two shire councils. The'proceedings were of little public interest. .. _ --■ '; ’ A u , accident ; which, .curiously enough," was' not attended.with -much- personal, injury,rhappehied to?a party of ladies and gentlemen-on Saturday morning fcpm Eger ton to. Yendon to catch the -tut - trrin.- - -The 'party .consisted of Mrahd "■ ra J- Elford- and-child, Mrs Abrahams, and' Messrs Woodyett and' Blaokburh; who ■ were driving in-, a single-horse "and when they had proceeded niilea on their road the horse persisted in dragging them over the-tide of tha road; where th 9 emhankmant. was. 14 feet high, Down this declivity everybody, 'buggy 1 ,- and! 'all,- rolled, the -Buggy l being smashed, and^thei Horse getting away, while l -the travellers themselves tfere vary‘'roughly shaken, and received, soma, vnoaty .cuts jiud bruises,, but nothing mora-:BeriQaB, ; ,.Aa:,Mt; Elioid. had, important husineis I»“ Ballarat, a waggoner confine aW .. —c veyed the whole party to Tendon toad ««- expected to catch a goods train * e,e Her Disappointment, however, awaited ii° Bs W i for the stationmaater said ha ttem ftett send them, on by the H out permission from the traffic „ m With. \ Anderson, who was thereupon tewl° a f r ’ Hr cording to departmental instructions^'^ 10 «• The circumstances of the case and a Uch private business, it was thought, would „ Uree ° c J cl red- tapeism in the way of no travel on the approaching goods train h,Tr ° Wfll to not the case, and Mr Anderson teW«ll T 1 * back, for which Mr Elford had to pav 8 re P>J ■ safe- for-ladies and children, to travel in tl “ Bas ta . Hspoa-the. stationmaater declined to send h? Tan * ,to.Ballarat by the tram', and they \- four .hours for.th.e. next passenger train tS* ° *•& them great annoyance and a good deal of Cl “? t S -1055... 01 PncuuFarj j!. Adieap of rubbish in the Cornonffm.. back of the baths, was discovered to be'eHV lllB -morning, just in time to prevent .i," 011 doing any damage before it was extinguished. . ' We are i ?|° rmed . that Mr D. J. Thomas „h„ t .beea r> one..of the assistant inasters at i* High Schbol for ' the last three at .that establishment, hw recei!!l?!? appointment of resident assistant master . < Lanpcestdn:Qramrnar School, Tasmania. “«• The many friends of Mr Simon Morrison ». . ■?f■ the Baltoat Agricoltural Society, will be’pleS? -learmthawus eldest son’ has, after beine Ts .i b .Efcfidouno Estate for four years, been annoinw "overseer'of a large station on-the Darhne mm. miles from- Ballarat. The position is one O fV? responsibility, and Mr Morrison’s appointment ft.l” speaks highly of the estimation in which he abilities are held by the company owning the DatlSj The employees in. the grocery business in Ballam are bestirring - themselves in the matter 0 { »T “closing. A meeting 'of all; interested has heed,' understand,_fixed for Wednesday evening. It hi tended to try and prevail upon the employers to ck,' their establishments at 6 o'clock each evening Saturday, and at 10 o’clock on that night. \Ve he!, ,that many of the employers are heart and soul Jo! the mpch desired reform. - The passengers by ' the mixed train from Melbonm jpn Saturday night complained londly of having i H j subjected to a vexatious delay of something like ij minutes at the Geelong station. Owing to one and the ever-recurring bungles, apnarently insepatail from the present system of management or tafia t mismanagement, the train was kept waiting just out • side the terminus for the time named. The nisht ’ was hot, and the carriages were crowded. When fie train at length arrived at; the platform the passeonu i Had not time; to alight, and had to either resume fid 'journey at once or lose the train. Some of fi, : trayelleraihfbrm us- that -'the greatest inconvenience. ' and; in- many instances suffering, was thus occasioned! What -.with defective machinery, mistaken eivmli -engines rolling down. :embankments, old lada crushed to death ’at level crossings, smashing of gita and hours of delay on;.' the lines, it is quite timstlut Exchange was made. .m;, _r,The uppermost room.in the .Mechanics’ Instituteli ' now 'completely furnished as a' billiard-room, beinr up with three of Adcock's best tables, to the 'ppening.pf which the members are invited to-day, a ’2;p.m; ' In the evening members wiU be allowed’ ta use the tables free of. charge. _ Mr Bradshaw, storekeeper, of, Buninyong, nlet with ,-a curious accidentdn Saturday .afternoon while riding in a cab from Ballarat homewards. . He was emokW [a'qlgar, and a spark fell upon;his waistcoat just ora 'tile right breast, where it smouldered for some time till several of the other occupants of the cab theught they could smell grass! burning,'and began; to look around for the cause, .which, was not discernible, i. Fanned by .a gentle breeze," the.fire in Mr BradsWi, waistcoat burst into a little flame.and then he noticed it for\the : first time,.clapping his hand on it jastsski began v -'tb -feel-:the.-fire coming. through : his laiidi flannel. ...It was but,the work of a moment to eilk guish the fire; arid'if was then seen that a large hole had! been burnt through Mr Bradshaw’s waistcoat and outer shirt, and that-'the inner one had been singed _ A change-has taken'place in the management and -the local"-branch :of-the Commercial Bank, Hr leaving. Ballarat, being succeeded ty Mr Ameas, who arrived from Melbourne oh Saturday,' Mr ; Amess has been stationed at the Echuca brand tl the bank.— r ; havp;no home,'.no friends, and am sick.” &< said a leeble . old creature, named Mason, as the applied to the keeper of the City lock-up on Saturday to is admitted to the-stone parlors. -The old “reply to the officer, stated that she had left the '.Hospital, and would .ha thankful for the bed and boitfd .-furnished- at ,her- Majesty’s expense, dr da would I .* die in the streeta." j The desired acddmaod* 1 tion was afforded,' and she was formally charged with vagrancy, and remanded fora week. Mre;Costilliai r residing' near Langi-Willi station waa bitten'oh Saturday by a black snake about the middle of the right fore . arm, whilst she was coiled dng some -firewood.’ :Mr..F, Fdnston at once tied'i ligature above the -wound, and administered mb brandy, and' telegraphed' for Dr Nolan, of Linton, -who started immediately, and on arrival cat the bitten •“part put and.sucked the wound, and need other nr gical ; remedies. - At first the doctor considered tit case 'hopeless,as . Mrs Cpstillia was compleleij paralysed., ■ However, under his prompt treatment sia is nbw f ;pronoanced out of danger and progreeunj favorably.’, -Saturday was the last day for candidates to adra -tise'their Candidature for the Mining Board vacancy andiin 'tKei Snaythesdale division for two seals to afehninei nominations,'as. follows:—The oldmembaj; Messrs:.,Scottiianid. MTJbnell; Gribble, Stephensj Webbj, Roberts, Kogers, and MTneniei. , ' On. Sunday the remains of the late Mrs CampH ,'of .the,-Heather Bell hotel, Haddon, and formerly® the-National hocel.Durbam Lead, were conveyed o ,'theif-dast resting-place, the Smythesdile CemetaJ- The immediate cause of death was heart disease, aw 'the funeral'was'the largest of the kind seen in® ““district for some years’. The funeral arrangeiKß were very- creditably conducted by Mr Yeitch. 1 The dark desolation which pervades the district and 'the recent bush fires is quite enough to fill one vw : gloomy forebodings as he beholds on every Mi ® 'devastating effects of the devouring element. Cain» 'timber,' burnt, posts and rails, smoking log 3 *■? . stumps,; shrivelled, dried up saplings, with here« i there bhe ruins of a stable or out-building wnna * , ■ left to their fate whilst the efforts of the o'® 33 * , his neighbors were concentrated in saving w 6o ',- . ing-hpuse. West of Smythesdale, east and of ,it, .Derwent Jack’s way, miles upon miles of gr» country hate been destroyed, and the genem - struction . may. be; assessed at some thousand! , pounds. Matthew Doncaster, who has been wanted for some time on a charge of-stealing bedding from persons at present unknown fell into the hands of Constable Doyle of the.Wendouree station on Saturday evening and was “ run in” in due course. The,old thief, Geo. Eichards, whose arrestw« I ported in; our lastlssne, was remanded at tw .. Court on.. Saturday' until to-day. Ho confe!=f“ theft alleged, against him, but there tong ““i hbhprary magistrate on the bench, the remana . necessary. The venerable bid rascal seems ® ets , u to keep his hand to in the pilfering line, ; or . j scarcely, been out of the local gaol twenty-fou before imwaa at his old games again. \- :Iu oohsequence of a general impression P abroad that a special train would be despatcu Ballarat to the , Geelong races on Saturuay, Thiirisay, about forty persons were disapp # going to the railway station at halt-past 1U “ .a, find that the department had arranged toiu one special , train on Thursday. , Mr Woods; we understand, will Dot , Ministerial feast to be held at Hamilton sno j- Thirty- five loads of produce passed $ municipal, weighbridge at Smythesdale o month'of'January. A few days ago a man named Shepherd t 3 a coiiplo of his ribs by a fall near Derwen . ! -The Mayor of Soarsdale, Mr Knights, hM capacitated for some time from oC i!J duties of bis office, owing to illness, ana to preside at a'public meeting on Saturday the .local town-hall. $ ~vConstable Meagher two y°“”|. j 3l fd Sunday.on a charge of having no w means of support. The girls' names w** ■Bged sevehteen, and Mary Jones, agedag •were-noticed by the constable miscondu selves near thiei' Alfred-hall at abont IP- :pany with a crowd of larrikins, and p taken in charge, the larrikins making s • 'been- before the police court on a P 16710 wn w '•a.'similar .charge, but North is not * . police. The girls appear to have no s ' abode. , v . Tile .Postmaster-General intends j utr °-4! ite & changes in the.electric telegraph it ‘of reducing -the- cost of sending teieg e |j hours and on Sundays. At present p 'sen'ding private t telegrams after 0 ® .' evening is' very high, and Mr Patters P once altering the tariff,so that P” v f, ..diuarj 1 ’? [be sent from 8 foil P-m. at double theordw^ ! Considerable reductions are also to ■ -cost of sending press and private _te s . j^jtiocs^ days. In view of '.the fortlmoming_ g {oBrt l:-- 1 Sydney and “Melbourne, the Bostm jje .'l -I,,.templates ahp, .with .the «o-pP erstl J , ma ynit great—reduction?. \- g Sydney and Sott*^ t M o £presa greatest telegraphic in the «****, to.afford Wg&S;**>. P«* ,for 111461 — ® J ; •■ *a»: jgt^gffjSSSl Heffhamj Jelfe, Fr \ n Alfred B J<> bn Legg n n/ Heiddberg. P Within andJoseph “ a,d ? H&nott;, Old ¥^rrete biwic^ M Witbiathe: lb %&'Senry„Breed, TW . B w UiW' U T Glenron Within the ffl i Willisia Kavensg » g Linard, Violet W iem j£; and fin* Wm* Curtis,: Ballarat 1 “ ,I,l™ badwick-““ 3 , , hope, Invarleigh. S Tbom« Cgk-MrTho’maa. Stubbs. Wthin the weetern barUffica Staweli- . f Buninyong Public A commit*?, meeting p re?ent _Me3srs Library Williams, and Higgins. The Hedrick (" bur \’jSthe works committee had.met secretary reported “£ ent , and report having examined according to to the proposed fence., the building 3 ; o fa fence with double. gate they End that the ere {eace , wlth m ovable will cMt ab ° ut cfand have therefore left the matter « the work co^ be in over to this work pro p o 3ed ; to .more eluded with, the g6parately . The chimney, advantage Sled down and re-erected, three feet seeds to ba pul' 6 ". . # body 0 f it are very bad,- and higher; the bnciei th w g ri kg wiU be requiredj probably. 50 ««« |t be put in. Before, the end ‘ floor must be raised to its proper chimney is done t e way . Owing to this wanldooto will not'open probably the back mndp right. Bapairs to the; roof and "i“ doTra nailed U P’ also th | aren ll’o bakehouse boarded, up front end r “r Blda “ room has not been papered for of stable. , fc t o your consideration i H3Dy y !t / «bnnld be done or not. ' These works needed, and we estimate the: M V h t r;-12 if double gate be fixed, or if plain ,'w? ‘c,l other improvements have also been ,eDW tfi for your consideration, namely, to paint the suggested w J j ; de at an( j to stain and fron -rr«adtoVtabto co3t about £6. Also to "hfttotiro centre tables into reading desks, and ml a ten lamps taking the present lamp into the hStr Wbook-room is very close and musty to want of more light and ventilation, and • sfto enlarged by taking in the back room of the tase there there is a window to open. To carry ont of these alterations (while the public con- S would be served by rendering the place more Suitable, and consequently attractive), would ex- S the whole of the building grant, leaving nothing tS of any emergency ariaing. The matter is now in vour hands to consider and decide. Green blinds hie been fired, and have been very serviceable during the severe beat. The chess and draughts have been procured, and are in use. It was resolved, on the mo- L o { Messrs Williams and Higgins, that the plain fence be erected with slip panel, bakehouse, boarded op and windows nailed up at back, roof repaired,, and floor levelled, chimney rebuilt, doors and windows adjusted, in accordance with the report. The meet-, ing adjourned to 7th February. A letter was received on Friday by the Commia- Boner of Public Works from the secretary to the Bitchns Marsh shire, inviting him, with the Commis rioner of Railways, the Commissioner of Customs, and Messrs D. Cameron and Bees, M’s.L.A., to a banquet to be hSd at Bacchus Marsh on 20th inst., it having been learned that a Ministerial visit for the purpose c! ascertaining the wants and claims of the district was in contemplation. Mr Patterson, however, de clined the invitation, as he did not think, a public banquet would be consistent with the object of the visit According to the Argus it was expected that the vidt to Horsham would bo the last appearance of Sir George Bowen on a public occasion in Victoria, but it is now proposed to invite him to lay the foundation stone of the Exhibition- buildings in the Carlton Girdsm The American barque San Joseph came into col lision with the steamer Julia Percy on Friday night, ofl Point Lonsdale, but no great damage was done. The matter baa been much exaggerated. Much regret was expressed in commercial circles tins morning (says Saturday’s Qulong Times) when it became known that the well-known firm of Messrs J, Noble and Cos., grocers, Malop street, had been compelled to succumb to the general depression, and that a meeting of their creditors was called for Tues day next. Great sympathy ie felt for Mr Noble, and as the liabilities are not very large, it is hoped that a satisfactory arrangement may be arrived at. The only nomination lodged on Thursday (says the ttfonskirc Advocate) to fill the extraordinary vacancy iu the representation of the north riding of Eipon shire, caused by the decease of Mr G. Begga, was His brother, Mr Francis Beggs, who came forward at the request of a number of the ratepayers in the tiding. In the absence of opposition Mr Beggs is, of couite, duly elected. The Argus says:—“ The West Bourke election is likely to be severely contested. Mr P. E. Godfrey, who has been pressed to offer himself in the constitu tional interest, has been compelled to decline, as he is on the eve of departing for Europe; but Mr S. Staughtoo, of Melton, is understood to be in the field as an independent candidate, and Mr B. Harper, who was chairman of the Francis committee at the last Wat Melbourne election, is mentioned as likely to stand upon the same platform. On the other hand, Hr Jl'lror, the chemical lecturer, and Mr T. E. Healy Hf Both spoken of as Ministerial candidates. Mr M Ivor, it is expected, will have the support of the Government" Mr Vale’s name is also mentioned. We learn from the Herald that during the hearing rvr u ande P uta^on which waited upon Sir Bryan U Loghlen on Saturday in reference to the dispute between Messrs Wright andOrr and the Harbor Trust, toe question of the right of possession was warmly dis cnMed, and Sir Bryan, after due consideration, deter mined that Messrs Wright andOrr had a good and proper title to the two docks, and he thought that some agreement .should at once be entered into -ween the parties, with a view to putting an end to proceedings which have been carried on so long, e question isone of great importance to a large 1 0 K '°rking-men, who have been thrown out of ftm 1 th c e P r beeedings of the Harbor Trust, ( J “babihty of a speedy termination to their tables will be hailed with great satisfaction. Mreoftfr*" 5 ‘t® (3aya the Uerald ) of pre on T| ln r-j , aorg ? Bowen at the Geelong Bacecourse renrpso * M l’ Jw Colonel Conran, of Highton, as a thank his V* if tbe ?' and &T; . m ? °® cer3 of Victoria, to tbecrwti Fsc f *ency for his successful efforts towards the soM;«™ r m “ nument afc Ballarat in memory of fionof their tbe ® ureba r ‘ ot e in the execu- Cenranlohi V ' 7aa . the intention of Colonel platfom in-JV h f an , ei l Slr Geor e e at the railway ° at the racecourse, but the inter keatj t fl^ 1 to ° k place waa none the leBa they were indnlgedJn. lmprom P tu maD ““ ia which ike Na&nal; BayS V~" Tbe exeeutivo council of Wh°SV; f Lea S ue met last night at the charges ma’rlo • , P l * r P O3e Q f investigating the letter addressed hv'if v* Yeomana , contained in a •" the i 9CO f a ad published addrcssedV Mr J 3th IDBt- In res Poase to a letter M.L.A. and Miff r Dr ° t 0 Mr LoD S more . Mr Mason, i"-ettn“the f- evers -n and Kol Bg" were invited Tbei f avi d euo 6 and that of Council was in *J* e a t lona l Reform League Mrllunro tekn a with a re( l'iMt made by fke record ia to ColD .P e^ e “t person, and ia evidence were 1 8 m ’ r Tbe P rinci P a i £a °te elicited 410 i"" PurpoaeTnf en , Longmore E aTa Mr Yeomans WJS collected h, v th ® eague \ Thia sum of money “ant, bm fro m j “f 1 c ? m!ng £rom the Govern liberally assist the 1 wko thought it proper to *» ke appointeda j pi o6, ?' “ r L - P - Q «echell was f Mr w. BnM f: thr “ ugb Mr Veomana’ -influence. >B"ehad been spen7 belon g in B to the not account eoman s for which he that Mr Yflnmnu e ? ec ? tive - 4. Mr Knaggs J""ld not have the man Ba ' d tbat i £ be (Yeomans) ke would blow o£ affair Baa h 0 liked, ‘kereby the liberal “ p , tlle Jf b - o l 0 thin S.’ meaning “ ,er I? the chairman tv e . vldence wa ® handed eemmittse on Tuesday the executive "i the MechaniS°lnßHtnT 111 ° P Tr £ ° r a sbort ao ason p ebmaiy. The propri e to‘ m° D day next * 10th P'epcee to make ( f Me3B ™ Web b and Trotter) ! "1 Victoria prior the principal to ret B Etort kiait to South af 7 - eav ? D S tho colonies. ” tun > to the UniL stff Afrl . ca ’ T th , elr intention is m India and China, in in°t g forwa rd to Thwafl Ballarat a °d vicinity sire tta notice l aya9 a d - ay bl ! it l ue for them 1 ?^ v ® rtl81 ?8 columns Com Bunma bm ? 3 Wl dba enjoyed at the k s?r!! heasive n«ns g ha n f unction * °n that day. and wf are -l been , em P Io y ed t 0 Agr. , £or entrance have J tbat thousands of ktal will atort b f a l ready dia P oaod of. nus 9o’Xou a ! t£ao ® Sk- Patrick’s:Cathe twenu f headed b J a hand J f h rBday morning, which l r twenty-three or crowd!,:. - be attractive nm™ - rge number supposed &epro;!? KiCt ® d 40 await fh 8 - l 0D ’ father with the •^UW 6 f hat wkenaLton'fT 781 at B “* a r oo i on the n wn ai id country 'ai.Vment w ;n gE „ anda < a day of unprece -811 Wnoittee the m -c Tba - infiuo ntial * thß magmficent and varied programme. and the Bterling welcome promised to all strangers,, warrant usinrassuming tHsHTneiFTEufaday' will be a day of real enjoyment andhdelight for the Roman. Catholic body ingeneral.and for- all those in particular who may-be attracted toithe'demonstration at Bungaree. V := . t>:- : . There was.aratherj thin house.at' th a' Acadethy, of Music on.Saturdayi night) when;the : .Ghost entertain ment.waa given with- aa- rauch : spirit as>; ever;. :. r !Mt D’Arcy Eead: will exhibit r _hia ghost, in Ballarat- ; fdr' thnie' : more.'nights. .To-nigHt ..'will, be.'produoed ' a' grand, pantomime, the-“ Beauty and the Beast,” which will be a rare -treat, especially 7 for the l young folks, who will b’o admitted'at half-prichto all parte of the house. An alteration has been made in ; the. seating arrangement, viz., the pit and stalls are put back to their usual size)'and the pricea are reduced to.ls and ,2s only. - The. performance , will conclude with the “ Ghosts’ Revels in the Haunted House.” 