CHAPTER XXJEI. A HAVEN OP BEST, As Lbrd Crehylls rowed toward the Penkivel, a glsam of hope broke upon.him, He would go se- cretly to London, be thought, and seek out the first counsel of the day ; .he would lay before them, un« der > other names, a true narrative of the terrible circumstances surrounding him, and he would a csrtsin their opinion as to the course- of conduct ha ought to pursue.; he would find out from this whether there existed for him a loophole of escape. But this resolve was destined never to bo fulfilled. The storm which raged in the channel that night swept the Penkivel out to sea, and all other thoughts, for a tims, were swallowed up in the sense of the fearful danger that threatened them. On reaching the schooner, the sea was already so rough, that it WRB found impossible to send a boat »shore with the child. Reluctantly, therefore, Lord Creyhlli saw himself obliged to take his boy with him. Hs hoped, however, the storm would lull before morn- ing, when he trusted to relieve the anxiety of hil wife -by restoring the child, But the gale ruibed across the Boy of Biscay, and' drove the schooner before it down to the Bbores of Spain, Thus much time was expended ; and when fair weather came at last, other dangers threatened the Penkivel ¡in- deed, in this time of war, a ship was safer in storm than in calm. Running the-gnuntlet of French pri- vateers, from which the Penkivel escaped by her fleetness,.Bhe nevertheless had to double and twist so often, with such conséquent loss of time, that, in J the end,, it was two months before Lord Crebyll»« found i himself safely landed at Genoa. Thence ba»^ wrote to his wife, and promised to send his boy home, to- her by the first safe opportunity that oc- curred« By the expression of grief and affection, breathed through his letter, by his allusion to events. which he supposed her to be acquainted with, Lady Crehylls, terror-stricken, and amazed, saw dimly that har husbnnd had fled from some danger of which she knew nothing. That Madeline's hand, had drawn this cn him she felt sure ; but not the raupt- est suspicion of the truth touched her mind. Sha could question no one; her father's sneers-wera quenched in paralysie,and her husband would speak only in enigmas. After a silence of many weeks sha wrote to Mrs, Pellew, confessing that she feared she had done Madeline an injustice ; but her letter arrived too late to remedy the evil which- her jeal ousy had accomplished, * * * # * * * " You are ill,"'said Tom Singleton, looking inMade line's white face, anxiously. " You are agitated and excited. What has happened? Will you tell me, and can I help you ?" "I fear not," returned Madeline,in asad voice, '' I do not tee how any one can help me." " Not if you don't tell 'em what is the matter, of course they can't," observod Alice, in her rough way» " But I bet now, Tom will fiad a way to help you.iî you only lot him know. Why, you are looking ex- actly as if you had seen a ghost t" "I balieve I have seen a ghost," replied Madeline, growing puler a9 she spoke. " The truth is, Ml. feingleton," she said, turning toward him frankly« " I have reason to fear I am not safe here» and I wish to go away." ^ " Not safe !" repeated Tom, in amnzemont. Wfeg^ has dared to molest you P" j» / " A man who would dare anything," she tnswered. " I met bim first in Italy ; ha followed me there like a shod^.w, tH.l I Rvsvt to hays ft. fiüangí térro* of. bim." ^Whoand what is he f asked Tom, with a flush .riling on bia face. <? II» is « Rus-inn," replied Madeline, " a man who can speak fluently all the lnnguageB of Europa, and I behove hiui to bs n spy, in the piy of Prance." "Then I eb«u!d uncommonly like to knock him down," ob-erved Tom, cheerfully. "It always aeems the n .tun! nd right thing to do with regard to s]iie6- Ami I suppose you h*ve S8"n him since you Hirivnl ia Lio-idou, M¡S3 Sherborne P" «Y-e I MW bim this morning," replied Madeline. «It reeina hi folio «ed me from the park, and he hae now taken nom« in this hotel." IE (be blood rose to Madeline's face as she epoke, and tesrs sprang to li« eyes, it was at ths thought that .Maurice and hie family bad deserted herat a time wburt she mo-t needed their protection, but the outspoken AliCrf interpreted her emotion her own way. " Well. I thiik you ure rather for.d of this lover of your?," shs s.ii'1, " elsa you wouldn't blush as you do." " Miss Sherborne has not siid he is a lover," re- marked Tom, gravely. "There is tu"re >if hatred than of love n his pur- suit of me," said Madeline, with a Bhudder. " Mr. Singleton, I luild thi-> mm in deadly abhorrence and fear. I nuist li ave tim nous". What shall I do ? where chalí I go P I um in terror of my life while ander the sat-e roof with him " " Will you come to my mother P" cried Tom, ea- gerly. " I'll »ni^er or it you stnll not be molested there ; not while I have an arm to defend you," Madeline bud j.mrney.-d to Lindon with slighting thoughts of Tom Singlaton. She had gone to bia pior abode meaning to patronize him-meaning magnanimously to time her poor little income with his abject and wretched family, and now ehe fuund herself gl&d; to accept the asylum which they offered, and thnt.kful for the protection which he gave her in to simple and manly a way, that it was impossible to interpret it any other light than its own truB and friendly one. The hospitality which she had hoped to receive from richer and older friends was denied her with contumely, and the love on which she had leaned had failed her. " I tbr.nk 3 ou very much," she said lo Tom Single- ton, in a faltering tone, OB abe held out her hand tj him. "I will trust to your kindness glndly." "Hurrah!" cried Alice. " Then I vote we carry her off at otee, Tom, while she is in the mind, and before this French dragon swallows her up aliva." " Will you come at once, Misa Sherborne ?" asked Tom, a little timidly, "Ob, ytsihis instant I" exclaimed Madeline, "if you will. My enemy is away now, and we shall go unwBtchtd." Affairs iii Tom Singleton's banda did not take long to settle, und it «7»B turpriaing bow soon everything wasarrunged, and they were rolling alon? in the coach to their destination. It stopped, not in tbe shabby euburb at the mean row of houses, but at a bright little dwelling with a prvtty garden in front ; and Madeline WAS led, bewildered, into a gay, Bunny room, which Tom Singleton told her was htr own. "Now you see how hard he has been working since you cime to London," said Alice, in triumph. '* Why did you do this P" naked Madeline, reproach- fully. " I did it for you," returned Tom, quite simply. " But the money ?" cried Madeline. " Don't trouble yourself about t at," said Turn Sin- gleton. "I really got it si eesily thatlam quite astamed of myself for having remained poor so long. It appears that a man of my expectancies can find friends if he will." Tom closed the door sa he said this, and left Mt.de line and Alice by themselves. He seemed afraid of taanks. " Now don't make a mistake about his expectan- cies," cried Alice. " I hats anybody to misunder- stand Tom. He don't mean, that he thinks you'll ever condescend to marry a quiet, good little fellow like him ; he means only, what he'll hove when poor mother dies. He never borrowed any money be- fore, because mother hated the thought, and he said he should feel like a heathen if he did it against her will. We had fine trouble to persuade her to it now, I can tell you. Same folks, you know, if they are ever Eo sickly, don't like the iden of money being got which ie to be paid back when they di». How- ever, we persuaded her through father ; we said if we moved, he'd never fiad us out again, and then with a good cry, she gave in. You eee Tom wouldn't borrow on a 'post-orbit'-that's what they call it without asking htr leave. Ah ! if there is another man in the world like Tom, you find him for me, »nd see if I don't marry him, that's all. I don't like your showy men much. Father was a showy man. He waa a good deal to look at ; he was something like Mr. Pellew now-he's showy too, he's good in sunshine, but if I'm out in a storm, give me Tom." With this rcmirk Alice took her departure, first informitg Madeline she was going to her domestic duties, and checking off on her fingers sundry items of hard work, which nothing less than a female elephant in the shape of a maid of all work could possibly get through. " Good iu sunshine," repeated Madeline, when she waB left alone; "but if I am out ina storm-' Bhe stopped Buddenly, aEd glancad round the pretty but unfaniilhr room, the unknown haven she had found in danger and sorrow, then her bitterness fennd vent in tears, and Maurice Pellew's name trembled on her lips unwillingly. Perhaps, in those last sid moments of her love, her sorest thought was that Bhe had cut herself adrift from him forever. {To be continued.) EVE, EAU, AND THBOAT FPKOIALIST.-Dr. Spark may be conimlted at 20, College- street, Hyde Park. «Janey. » J mj nf^E STUBIKS op SUCCESS.-Towards the close oi the 15th century, the 8wies discovered among weir mountains an aromatic and tonic herb, which on being incorporated with n pure stimulating ele ment, proved to baa most potent appetizer, tonic, knn«n mil,lnn ..£ho c°mP°Td was taenceforwnrd n?Z h« thB- DJewof theAlpa," and under that S"h"8 W61* a well- deserved celebrity for have ever tasted is the most refreshing and agreeable, S,'1 ^mcs, restoratives, a; d assimilating pre thlh o?8' ÍÍI8 ?tt,d on eood m«di0ttl authority to be tMlndflh^t 'Í? ,nte*>duotton into this market we for AuaÄ t0T^B!re' M- M* «id Co., sole ngen-s dbtdohinn .l* 18lmmen8ely popularin tho mining SS"/.^ everywhere as a haalthful re atorative and delicious cordial. 1876 thfFrro"AfiT/MUM.L""E,? 0P PßlVATEWABD, of l8». «Vi M?"°teli PMT> Cape Colony, August, hn,ñ 7 1 s,ll0,uld U8t ,ika vou to see the real farm' thTJn"Í thï l b,lke ' ïhe °T is one dug n dailvBn?nn?' And«ï Justl««e enough to hold our salO'p«? °f two"lo8Ve8' We use flour, water, sa t, nud BOHWICK'S BAKING POWDAR, Mv bread 8 me SZTÍT' í,1' 8? »tf*»and white «8 TS toad I'L7i "?£? w T1 ID8,8t that l have b«en ' ." the Ccomr«rH'b,^nICA,l,1.B-ay-wm evince them to be obtairTrtyJf £-B-Th» invaluable orticle may MdM Ti°.f a11 R^ocers flnd storekeepers in Id. ( *Dd2(1-Packets, and 6d. and Is. patent boxes, 4735 ' to'Sfha'nffiMrf f Tl,,niK8 wü¡ob^hen applied few .Loment» ^f;^»ve a very agreeable odor tor a «cklv & l.d tben die ttwav- leftvin« oaly » UNMÂAr06ftble 8mBl1' NO* S" With M HBAÏ ANP iffi* Ft0HII)A WATEB: the longer it is ex Ä«omam0re doliCiteûod «JelMutfulbecomes ¿s 9777 