(Itneralitita. A Family Tie—Twins. The Great Loan Land—Turkey. Quicksilver—The nimble sixpence. Motto for the Married—Never dis-pair. The Judicious Hooker—An absconding bank director. §|Young ladies find fault with postal cards be cause there is not room on them for postscript. Mr. Qoilp finds that water resembles equity when it is just ice. A lobster never comes ashore without great risk of getting into hot water. Beer may not make you fat, but au overdose will make you lean—up against something. A man can't help what's done behind his back, as the tramp said when he was kicked out of doors. The right kind of man will always have his iife insured. It gives his wife's second husband a start. Young Mother—" What do children say when they get candy?" Infant recipient of con fections—" More!" The man who cant catch cold now and then, and wbo never has pains and aches, was intended originally for a rbinocerous. " Have you a mother-in-frno /" asked a' man of a disconsolate looking person. "No" he re plied, " but I've a father in gaol. When a man can sketch a broken pane of glasB so tbat an observer will catch cold from it, he is in fair way of becoming an artist. A Yankee was asked if be had crossed the Alps. " Well now you call attention to the • fact, I guess I did pass over some risiu' ground." "Honesty is the best policy, but it keeps a man very poor," said the grocer, while he wetted the sugar without putting any sand in it._ The reason why women cannot whistle is said to be that always before they can get their lips into proper shape they give way to the burn ing desire to say something. •'Why do summer roses fade?" is a question asked by the poet. " Because there is no way of releaving them," is the answer of the gardener. It is heautifnl to behold at a wedding the sorrow-stricken air of the parent as he " gives the bride away," when you know that for the last ten years he has been trying to get her off his hands. A Sube Sign of Distress.—One of the West End tailors was deploring with a friend the de pression of trade. "Depend upon it," he said, *' when eminent hankers in Lorn bard-street oome to me te have their trousers reseated, there must be something very wrong with the money market."—Truth. A gentleman had lon£ been annoyed by his neighbour's hens, which made a daily practice of roving through his front garden and back yard. And what did this worthy gentleman do ? He went patiently and put some old hats and hay nnder his steps and barn, and when those hens came on their marauding expedition, those that came to scratch remained to lay. He has had all the fresh eggs he wanted this spring, and has sold a pound's worth to the man who owns the hens. They had an amateur brass band out at an Oddfellows funeral at Lone Mountain last ■week, and when they had squelched out " The Sweet Bye-and-Bye" at the grave-side, the minister said in his address that the deceased was, " in one respect, most fortunate in having been called away thus early." That was all he said, but the mourners grinned, and the musi cians are still going round saying that this " blamed sarcasm is infernally out of place at a funeral, you know." The Use of a Ghost.—The writer of "Chat" in May fair says, " I remember an old gentleman sayiDgto his nephew, just arrived from Harrow,' An impression prevails among my servants that my wine-cellar is haunted by a ghost. Now, I do not pretend to say whether there is any foundation for the idea^or not, bat I do know that it protects my wine, and I must insist upon your never alluding to it with levity.'" Another Rotai Authobbss.—The following is stated by " Atlas" in the World:—" I have to mention another addition to the already not insignificant list of Royal authors. The Empress Eugenie is finding distraction from her great sorrow in the melancholy yet pleasant task of compiling a memoir of her late son. Some original compositions of His Highness, left behind him when he quitted Cbislehurst, will be included in the work." Smuggling.—An amusing anecdote on this Eubjoct was lately told at a public dinner by M. Ferdinand Duval, Prefect of the Seine, He said that the octoria men of Paris, who levy the mu nicipal harrier dues, are a vigilant set of fellows, but that, having boasted of their merits, he (the Prefect) had been caught. A friend of his, re siding at St Clonde, had made a small bet that he would introduce a pig into Paris in his brougham without the octori men detecting it. M. Duval took the bet, and strict orders were given at all the gates of Paris to look out for the brougham of the friend in question. "Within less than a week, however, the Prefect received the sum 80 centimes, being the amount of duty leviable on a pig, and a request to come and assure himself that the quadruped had been successfully smuggled in. It turned out that the pig, killed and scalded, had been dressed up in woman's clothes, and bad been driven into Paris seated triumphantly on the box beside the coachman. Since then the octori men, it is said, stare with some fixity at plump women when they behold them on carriage boxes.—Leisure ■Hour. Abtful Dodges—It is seldom that rude jests are played at respectable hotels (says "Atticus"), but I was witness to a pleasing imposition at the dear old Port Phillip, which seemed at once original in conception and daring in execution. Three travellers from the western ;district came to see the " Cap," strolled into the bar, and ordered "John Collins." "The only place we can get this delightful drink," cried one. "The only place, indeed," echoed the others, as they placed them selves outside the cooling fluid. " By-the-way," said the first," have you seen Hopkins?" The concot ter of the Collins stared. " Hopkins! who is he ?" " Hopkins, a lame man." " Lame; you must mean Mr. ?" " Oh no, you couldn't mistake Hopkins. He walks like thisand the three limped to the d»or—and didn't come back again. I recommend this plan to impecunious and thirsty souls. It is frugal and amusing. . . This evening,] while waiting to see a " proof of (what is written above, I was made aware of a new form of pauperism. There came into the bar of the hotel where I was sitting a small boy with fair hair and blue eyes, aged about 5. This child, in pitiful and almost in articulate tones, informed as that his mother was starving, that ha—poor little brat—had " nowhere to sleep," and that his domestic circumstances generally were not gay. A sub scription was raised, and X was made the victim of a moral pang. Indignant with myself for the momentary weakness I followed the child to the corner. There was the "starving mother," comfort able, well dressed, gloved, waiting (with another boy, a bigger one) under a lamp-post. The child arrived with his spoil, and amid silent merriment the horrible woman set for ward down Swanston-street. The golden-haired ' boy played the same trick at the Rainbow, and at Carroll's Hotel. At the Opera House I stopped the lady and "exploded" the fraud. I "Ton had better go home now," said I. "You have done well. Here comes a policeman." She laughed. "All right, sir," she said, and theu under my very nose she called a cab off the rank, stopped at a fish-shop, bought a large crayfish, and drove off to her luxurious home in some fashionable suburb. I walked away, a merrier and a wiser man. J^The Late Major Oavagnabl—The World gays:—" Sir Louis Cavagnari was one of those few men created by Natnre to make their mark in the world's history. _ Utterly on-English in his aspect, his manner, his style of thought, and I his character of action, he recalled the conti nental diplomatists of the moyen dge. It has been generally assumed at Peshawar for years baek that it was only a question of time when Cavagnari should be assassinated, as had been Makeson, Macdonald, and so many others who had been his predecessors in the perilous fascinating career of frontier management. A slight man,. of rather feeble physique, but with an eye like a two-edged sword, he never carried arms, differing in this from John Nicolson, who always had a pistol on Ids writing-table; and when, at an interview, a tiiilmn.n or an Afghan waxed truculent, took care to secure the first trick in the nine. Oavganari (writes a corre spondent), although he never loses his temper, can on occasion hit wonderfully straight from the shoulder. I remember once riding with him to an appointment he had with some Afridis to settle some vexed land question. I remained on the road while he, alone, in the centre of ahont a dozen stalwart ruffians armed to the eyebrows, walked round the field. Presently the load angry accents of a dispute reached my ears. The Afridis were surrounding Cavagnari, gesticulating with passionate vehemence, some wifh hands on their daggers. Cavagnari stood qniet, perfectly fearless, utterly impassive. Suddenly I saw the biggest of the Afridis go down like a bullock, and Cavagnari. with un ruffled composure, returning his hand into Ids pocket. He had knocked the ruffian down, and the swift thronghness of the act cowed the fierce hillmen. About halfway on the return journey Cavagnari remarked apologetically, 'It was absolutely necessary. Please don't think I lost my temper; I was perfectly cool; bat I was forced to maintain my ascendancy;' and then be added:meditatively, 'and I wanted also to av^m£li 