CHRISTMAS FATALITIES. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) BY W. SENIOR (RED SPINNER). IT is generally expected that Christmas literature should be, like the season itself, festive. Nothing more harrowing than a ghost story should be admissible, and, even with indulgence in that time-honored inspiration, the incident's awe, mystery, and terror should be succeeded by a lightening of the gloom, as the furious summer tempest which oppresses mankind, and sends the brute creation affrighted to their hiding- places, is dispersed by the sunshine beaming gradually over the face of the earth, until, per- ceiving that the world smiles again, bird and bee, re-appearing, sing aloud for joy, and the turmoil and danger of but an hour ago are for- gotten. Who has ever read a Christmas story which designedly left a painful impression? At other times an author deals with disaster and death, but when his pen is enlisted in the ser- vice of Old Father Christmas he must — or altogether hold his peace — summon mirth for his handmaiden, jollity for his prompter, bright- ness for his stage roysterers, masqueraders and merryandrews for his characters. His piece must run to inspiring dance and song, and his curtain must fall upon a grand tableau of con- tent, blessedness, and hope. Is this, however, according to practical life? Is it, like Caleb Plummer's toys, (most charm- ing remembrance of the Master's most charm- ing Christmas story), true to nature? I trow not. To each human being there is an allot- ment of sunshine and cloud. Some are vouch- safed by the Great Supreme more of joy than of sorrow; some, alas, more of sorrow than of joy. In the gardens of our life the grapes and thistles must intermingle, and though we may hack down the one, and train with careful diligence the other, both must enter into the experience of crowned monarch and trembling beggar alike. But they are not confined to time and season. When we least expect them, lo, the thistles of adversity spring up, and the vines put forth their tender leaves of promise. Wherefore set the chimes a-ringing, invoke the music of herald angels, atune to their sweetest the timbrel and harp, spread lavishly the Christmas board, and bid the gathering family to the feast; yet you dare not reckon upon keeping grim care and grinding sorrow out of your house. So be it. We are in God's hands. And God is good. Grant, then, that my contribution to this Christmas number, if it should differ somewhat from the traditional tone of such literature, is to be excused in that it is not a misinterpreta- tion of daily life, and that the heart may be as deeply stirred by mournful cadence as by jubi- lant strain. Grant me, too, that in these times it is something to have the heart stirred by any means soever. But enough. My duty is clear. I have to tell the story of Bryce Parsons, aforetime of Swayne Downs, and to supplement it by the sequel furnished by trustworthy witnesses. It is only necessary to premise that it is Christmas Eve in the bush that the narrator and his hearer—no other than rare old Jordan, of Turingabah, adjoining Swayne Downs—are at their ease in a station verandah, with the usual aids to enjoyment before them; and that the divisions of the story represent brief pauses during which Mr. Parsons refilled the big bowl of his long-stemmed meerschaum. By mention- ing this trivial matter, I offer the stamp of accuracy to all who knew the fine old fellow. Whoever, passing westwards, has spent a pil- grim's night at Swayne Downs, or, more fortu- nately, been a guest of longer stay, or has met him on his rare visits to the haunts of city men, will recognise the faithfulness of this descrip- tion—the grand Homerio head thrown back, the nut-brown pipe puffed with artistic slow ness and regularity, and the free vivid talk keeping friendly company with the curling wreaths of smoke. 'It is a wonder that your kindness has not been wearied out long before now. Pray tell Mrs. Jordan I say so sincerely. Year after year I have declined to spend my Christmas with you at bonny Turingabah ; yet year after year you renew the invitation. And, to use the expression you and I have not heard in its proper place and from genuine Pantaloon's lips for many a long year, " Here we are again." Good neighbor Jordan, I prithee take back the same old answer. Kiss Alice and Pope for me nay, kiss your wife for me if you art not afraid. God bless them all in my name, but say I can't come. 'Is it a pledge? No, not a pledge. Is there a mystery at the bottom of it? No, no mystery; only a reason. I'll tell yon that reason if you will hear me out. The day is young and there is a moon. And really I doubt whether, after all, you could be better employed. You caught me musing when you arrived, and I feel in a talkative humor. Do you remember the dam last year? It wanted to burst bounds, but we let the water off and there was no harm done. l am as overcharged with remembrances just now, neighbor Jordan, as was that dam. Fill your pipe then, make yourself at home miscel- laneously, go to sleep if you like, but allow me to turn on my talkativeness at the main. Give me license to be selfish, at least to that extent. Thanks for the compliment. You say it will be the only bit of selfishness which could be laid to my charge; but you are wrong. l am notorious for loquacity—of a kind—and loqua- city spells selfishness, does it not? But let that pass. 'Few men in the colony know me as well as you do. Tom, Dick, and Harry are acquaint- ances, good fellows all. Jordan takes the rank of friend, than which, truly meant, there is no higher name on earth, for all the other expres- sions that signify affection ring hollow if they do not include it. Yet, friend Jordan, your knowledge of old Bryce Parsons is not com- plete. You know my character, such as it is ; my circumstances, such as Providence and my brown fist have made them. That is a good deal, but if the measure would be brimful you must know my history. It is appropriate that I should tell it to you now, since my persistent determination not to share your Christmas hospitalities will be explained. It is not because, as you laughingly tell me at Turinga- bah, I am deterred by the incongruities of a Queensland Christmas, and the inevitable absence of those associations which an English man at home understands by the word Christ- mas. I have got over that at last. It is because I have long learned to regard myself as a man of Christmas fatalities. The noble Chris- tian festival, at the origin of which shepherds played leading parts, and in which we sheep growers have in a manner hereditary connec- tion, is always celebrated by me; but it is a celebration of solitude, of thought, and of resigna- tion, which is a pretty equal mixture of heart- ache, regret, and cheerfulness. The waves have surged around me as around other men, but I would never allow them to go over me. I can not stave off heart-ache, but I regulate it. Too much have I cause for regret, but I make an espalier of it, in hopes that dwarfing and training does not keep back the wholesome fruit. Per haps, on the contrary, it is so much the more wholesome. 'Up to the age of twelve years Christmas was to me what it was in our boyhood to all English lads who lived in the country, a time when what there is of veneration, domestic union, big-hearted charity, poetry, romance, comes out in some form or other, in the homes of the humble as well as in the homes of the rich. How it appealed to what was robust in the charaoter! They tell me it is different now, but in my time Father Christmas invariably wore a powdered head, and kept his beard from blowing off by the sheer weight of the icicles he sported. 'The midnight bells rang out upon frosty nights, and, mingled with the clanging from the steeples on Christmas morning, there would come up from the white meadow the whistling of stones spinning across the ice, and metallic echoes of skater and slider. The arrival of the Christmas Eve coach was a sight to tee. You remember it, of course — the game dangling from the roof, the hampers piled aloft, the bright noisy schoolboys, the furs and muffs and laughing eyes of mothers and sisters waiting on the pavement below to receive them, the steam rushing from the horses' rimy nostrils to be instantaneously etherealised by the clear atmo- sphere. At home we had holly which never failed in its dark glossy leaf or scarlet berry, and mistletoe brought across the hills in the carrier's laden cart; the copper at the back roaring and bubbling with delight at its annual charge of plum puddings; the sweet repose of holiday in the carpen- ter's shop, where the journeymen and appren- tices, receiving their mugs of mulled ale, accord- ing to a custom transmitted from my father's grandfather, wished their master, and us his children, a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and wished it from their hearts. Then came the service at the ancient church, de- corated with laurel, yew, holly, laurustinus ; the tremendous importance of Tony Terry, the parish clerk, as, blowing his fingers to keep them warm, he rose below the pulpit, and quavered out the lines, " Hark the herald angels sing " and the more tremendous self-importance by which the very amateur members of the choir were puffed up as they struck furiously into the hymn — fiddle, bass-viol, flute, clarionet, and serpent, racing each other throughout for time, and, at the end, in one fell swoop leaping over all obstacles, and coming in at the finish with a flourish that we youngsters thought harmony borrowed for the occasion from the choirs of Paradise. 'My great primal Christmas fatality was about this time, and it was indirectly connected with the dear old churoh. The rector of our village was one of the finest type of parish clergymen. He had no ambition outside of the place where he exercised the cure of souls, no ambition to be anything better than the trusted guide and counsellor of a quiet contented flock. We knew him well. As an amateur carpenter, he would often pass into our yard, by the timber stack and sawpit, up the steps to the workshop, and watch what was going on. He was generally accompanied by his son (Hector) and daughter (Ellice), and some where in their wake would I, the carpenter's son, be found. I will say little about my self here, except that I must very early have attained the reputation of being a wayward, too smart, lad, and deserved the reputation. Born restless, imaginative, daring, emulative, I was ever a lad apart from the dull obedient youths of the village, who, content to remain in the condition of life in which they were placed (vide the Catechism), by very contrast brought out my opposite traits of character. The elders shook their heads at my original sayings and doings; somehow, on my part, I felt that I was not of their clay. When the Final Judgment is delivered I trust allowances will be made—l say it reverently—for the manner in which I was handicapped for life's race. ' One day Hector Musgrave, the rector's son, and Ellice, his sister, remained in the workshop after their father and mine had gone down into the yard to inspect an unusually fine log of beech which was lined for the sawpit. Hector asked me to show him how to work the lathe at the end of the long shop, and, adjusting the rope over the wheel, I set the treadle in motion, Ellice watching the operation with interest. As the lathe revolved, the treadle became too lively for Master Hector, who bumped uneasily up and down, and was at length jerked back wards against Ellice, upon whom he turned in a rage. '" You clumsy pig!" he screamed ; " always in the way." ' Ellice smiled, and I shouted with laughter. Hector, frantic with rage, made a run, and butted his thick head into my stomach. Snatch- ing from the nearest bench the brush out of a glue- pot that had been recently in use, I rammed it, glue and all, into the lad's mouth. It was done, and I was repentant in a moment. '" I am very sorry, Miss Ellice," I stammered while her brother sputtered and stamped and stuck his fingers together in vain attempts to clear his month of the glue. ' " Yes ; you have done wrong, Bryce," an- swered the young lady, very gravely. ' Her sorrowful look was greater punishment, more severe in its application, more lasting in its effects, than the stripes, bread and water, and solitary confinement awarded me that day. The fact of giving offence to Ellice was madden- ing to me. While the fit was on me ill luck threw Hector in my way. It was in a water mead whither I rambled, plucking cuckoo flowers, marsh marigolds, meadow-sweet, and forget-me. nots. '"How did you take your licking, young sawdust? he asked, jeeringly. '" Not as you'll take yours,"' I replied, red hot. ' Down went my posy; to the winds went the boyish reyerie which, as I rambled by the brook, had lifted me into fleeting glory. And, worse than that, into Hector's face went my savage fists, right, left, ding, dong. We were pretty well matched, but Hector Musgrave went to the rectory that afternoon with blackened eyes, a cut lip, and torn jacket. Then I was pointed at as doomed to at least the gallows. Then arose in me a defiant reckless feeling, a discontent with my lot, a belief that no one un- derstood me. The seed was implanted that bore bitter fruit for many a year. 'Very sheepish I looked soon after this en- counter, when Ellice approached me in a narrow lane, where there was no chanoe of escape. Very grave the gray thoughtful eyes as she stopped me, saying, "Oh! Bryce, how could you? You have made me so sorry again." " And you make me sorry to hear yon say so," I said meekly and tearfully, and passing on. Over my shoulder I saw her standing watching my departure, with a look of pity that made me wretched. 'The story of a boyhood is seldom interest- ing, and I but throw to these touches as a sample of what the picture might be if I cared to limn it in detail. You will perceive that Ellice Musgrave somehow got into my thoughts, boy as I was. If the rector on Sunday talked of seraphims I involuntarily gazed at Ellice, all unconscious of aught save the sermon, in the family pew. I was unconscious too; mopish without cause, mooning in copse and field with apparently no other object than switching off blossoms with a hazel rod all that year, and all the next saw me the same with this difference: I was taken from school and put to the last bench in the workshop. I was to learn the family trade, and had definite occupation. ' But the memories of the year in which I reached my fifteenth birthday are those of a tender melancholy, which had no assign- able cause, yet were indescribably pleasant. The sighing of the wind in the treetops brought a knot to my throat; moon, stars, spring life, summer ripeness, autumn fulness, winter warfare, awakened emotions that never came again. I read poetry in shady nooks, haunted the yew-tree avenue in the churchyard, committed Gray's Elegy, especially the epitaph, by heart, and trembled when I thought of the future. One night I overheard a conversation. '" The boy is ill," said my mother. ' " Pooh," answered my father," he's stubborn and moody." '" He'll never make a carpenter," said the parish clerk, leaning over the garden gate. '" You are too easy with him," croaked the parish clerk's snuffy wife. ' Christmas drew near. I could now play the violin better than the best in the village, and they elected me to be leader of the " waits." We had a good programme, beginning with While shepherds watch their flocks by night, and made a brave show on setting out on Christ- mas Eve I, the conductor, better dressed, aye, and better looking than any youth of my rank in the village. There was that deep steel- blue sky high aloft that always looks down on black frost; the stars did not twinkle, but they were set like points of silver, hard and firm. Soon the north-east wind brought an advance guard of skirmishing snowflakes that hid stars and sky. Through the frosted window-panes the ruddy light glowed; nothing but yule log could give it that rich color. A blaze of it flooded the passage and courtyard of the Red Cow hostelry, where sounds of wassail were high in the sanded taproom. ' The gravel crunched under foot as we walked up the drive to the rectory, halted before the porch, surveyed the lighted windows, and noticed that the snow was settling upon the ledges and upon the leafless honeysuckle branches around the front door. A beautiful stillness reigned. The shadowy outline of the square church tower loomed beyond the privet hedge. The dead leaves of an oak — oak leaves, sere and brown, generally bold on to the last — rustled hard by, sorrowfully, when the gusts came. You see I remember it all. '" Ready, Bryce!" the bass-viol man, aston- ished at my absence of mind, said, nudging me. 'Without more delay we went through our programme, creditably you may be sure. Be- fore the end the front door opened, and the rectory folks stood in the hall, the light broad upon them, and streaming spent upon us. The rector's white hair and smooth pink face, Mrs. Musgrave's dainty cap and thick-ribbed silk gown; Ellice, half girl half woman, between; and others in the background, at the foot of the black, oaken, beeswaxed staircase, made up a radiant picture. I don't remember what the choir were at that time singing, but I do know that for the remainder of that evening my violin spoke with its strings. High key or low, major or minor, soft or loud, rapid or slow, it whispered to me, " Fairest amongst ten thou- sand, altogether lovely." Perhaps it was pro- fane, but it is the fact. 'We were invited into the housekeeper's room, and Mrs. Musgrave and her daughter with their own fair hands supplied us with cake and spiced wine. Ellice brought me mine. Kindly good-nights were uttered by all; even Hector behaved well. " Thank you, Bryce, so much. It was so beautiful," said Ellice to me, putting out her hand. 'It trembled in mine, and mine trembled in hers. For I had read a revelation in her eyes, generally so dear and deep, now so shy and drooping. I read the revelation of what had tinged my recent life. My comrades shivered in the open air. I perspired with the fever of an emotion which frightened me. '" You are frost- bitten, Bryce, you can't hold the bow steady," remarked the flautist of the party at the conclusion of the farewell anthem we gave in the thickening snowstorm. " Put on more rosin," said another gruffly. ' Poor fools! Rosin? It was Ellice Musgrave that ruined my favorite violin that night. But you can guess the rest—up to a certain point. From that moment to this, friend Jordan, Ellice Musgrave has been my only idol. Just that through a long troubled life. 'And this I take to be my first Christmas fatality. ' If I cut short the history of my boyhood, on the plea that it would be uninteresting, I shall not enter into the history of the years between boyhood and manhood, because it would be too humiliating for me to tell or you to hear. Nothing is easier, no device more stale, than for a wrong-doer to throw the blame which should be his own upon other shoulders. Averse as I am to even seeming to do so, and abhorrent as is always to me the man who lightly breathes aught against his parents, I must place myself in the position I deprecate. The parish clerk, the schoolmaster, the apothecary, the butcher, and a certain neighboring farmer are long in the sleep that has no waking, and peace to their memories! Of the Parsons family I alone am left. Peace to the memories of all the dead! There have been times when I have en- vied them the quiet grave as earnestly as I vied to envy them the happy frame of mind under which they pursued their modest career without desiring to change it, much less rise above it. They had reason to be thankful for their lot—more to be thankful for in the temper of soul which made them satisfied with it. But they never understood me, as I have before in- timated, which was bad; and they never tried to understand me, which was worse. Properly directed, my distaste of the trade to which I was destined, and of the folks around me, might have been turned into a profitable channel; fretted and obstructed at every turn, it ended in a rebellious torrent. 'Not that I was a bad youth. The ten com- mandments, as printed in plain letters over the simple communion table of the church, I kept fairly, if I somewhat neglected that golden eleventh, which is said to be a summary of all the rest. But I was mischievous, and carried too little ballast. As a carpenter I was a failure complete and irrevocable. My father in aorrow pronounced the verdict; I in very honesty ad- mitted its justice. ' You will notice, Jordan — and you pay me a compliment in not dozing yet—that I avoid the subject of Ellice Musgrave. I can hover around it no longer. Remember what I said but a few minutes since: she has been the one idol of my life; in saying which I would convey a meaning which the words used are too feeble to ex- press, which no words known to me would describe. At that time she was never out of my thoughts. Alternate fits of fierceness and mute despair seized me, from the consciousness I had from the first that it was a hopeless busi- ness. A rudely-educated village youth, deemed a ne'er-do-well by his friends, whose highest prospects were confined to a village carpenter's shop, and the height of whose ambition ought to soar no higher than turning out a respectable door, sash, cheat of drawers, coffin, fire-barred gate, and perhaps a cart-wheel, or homely spring cart—what had he to do with the delicately nur tured and accomplished daughter of a rector, with a fortune of his own, and good tiring and glebe •uperadded? It never entered my wildest dream that my pauion could be any thing but hopelen. Dream I did night and day how I could make my worship praotioal, and the queerest fancies were formulated, but supposing that any turn in the wheel of fortune would bring us together was a folly I did not commit. I faced the inevitable, speculated calmly upon it, and knew that I must keep my secret. • Ellioe and I met occasionally. She lent me books. I followed her at a distance like a spaniel; when opportunity offered, spoke to her at long interrals. I believe she knew from that Christmas Ere in the rectory hall how it was with me, and it was soothing to feel that she, of them all, understood and had faith in me. I am sure of this from certain kindly words, and from what I saw in her eyes. There was at least a strong bond of sympathy between us. More than that I did not expect | no, nor desire. However, this is a commonplace story. It may be told every day. 1 The year but one after the memorable ocoa* sion which I have indioated I had another Christmas fatality. The waits had sought me in vain. I had never given them another oppor tunity of recommending the application of rosin to my fiddle-bow | had in truth kept apart from friends and family as much ai possible. At home we were making ready for Christmas fes tivities on a large scale. The village gossips truly set it abroad that Parsons the carpenter was giving a party on Christmas Eve. Had I relished it as they did it might have been better. Unfortunately that afternoon, sent to the reotory with my hammer and nails, to assist in the de coration of the parsonage and ohuroh, I was brought into immediate contact with the whole family. Ellice was the ruling spirit, and I was told off to follow her instructions. Sometimes therefore our hands met and her breath fanned my cheek. She was all grace and placidity. Holding a sprig of evergreen, as she desired it to be placed, while I nailed it fast, she must have thought me the olumsiest of carpenters, and wondered why I oftener hammered my thumb than the flat-headed nail. First in the parsonage, second in the schoolhouse, third in the church, we were in dose companionship, her dear voice and kindly tones ever in my ear. '"You have a party to-night, Bryee P " sh» said, as I gathered up my hammer and nails, in the dusk* •" Yes, Miss Ellioe," I answered. •" I hope you will enjoy it muob," she re oined. ' " No enjoyment for me," I said decisively. '"But you should," she pleaded. "It is jour duty to try. Do enjoy yourself." 1 When she gave me her hand with " Good* night," I grasped it sharply, raised it a little, bent low, touched it with my lips, and mur mured a fervent " God bless you, Miss Ellice, now and always." • I dared not look her in the face, but I felt the grave expression of the eyes, and heard her soft " Good-night, Bryoe," sighed rather than spoken. She understood me now, and that my betrayal of myself was due to my instinotive foreboding of what the coming year would bring to her. A fine young gentleman, whose open countenance and studious brow stamped him as every inch a good man, had attracted my attention during the afternoon. I knew he was to be Ellice's husband, and keenly critioised him again, feeling, under the dead heart-ache of the moment, relief at the thought that he would be worthy of her. 1 The Christmas Eve party at the carpenter's house bore no charms for me that night. It was my misfortune to have been at the reotory. The parish clerk and the anti-Bryce clique I tolerated until I could tolerate no longer. So, escaping at the first convenient opportunity, I repaired to the workshop with a book, and put more fuel on the fire left burning by the men, who had finished the day in the old way with jorums of mulled ale and oider sent from the house. The wind howled without. After two hours of futile efforts at fixing my attention to the book, I blew out the candle, and went out to seek sympathy in the winter blast. Beturning presently—for the cold bit sharply, and I had ventured forth without my overcoat —I saw the heavens shining with re flected light. It must be from the village. It was. The carpenter's shop was a roaring blase. In the high wind the flames dominated every thing, and, when I arrived at the scene, smoke, sparks, and crackling embers faintly revealed the amazed faces of the festive party. Had the wind blown in another direction the house must hare gone too. ' Here was another Christmas fatality with a vengeance. My carelessness with fire or candle had doubtless wrought this swift mischief, and I openly took blame for the destruction of my father's shop, thereby causing wiseacre beads to wag onoe more in sure and certain faith of my future perdition. 'My next year's fatality was still sadder. This time it was on the day succeeding Christmas Day. Strange to say, there was again an indi rect connection between it and the Musgraves. It was now publicly known that Ellioe Mus grave was to be married to the gentleman whom instinct had selected for me as the fortunate wooer—namely, Mr; Harper, an independent squire, living on his ample though not plethoric estate, in Devonthire. He was spending this Christmas also at the reotory, and on the morn ing of the 26th December he oame down to our now rebuilt shop with the restor to confer with my father touching a school treat to be given next day. Something or other was wanting to make the trestle and plank tea-table apparatus com plete, and this rendered it necessary to supply the omusion from a wheelwright living midway between our village and the next. My father, called into counsel, undertook to assist. I stood by while the conversation went on, not paying heed to its substance, but taking stock of the Devonshire man who was to take Ellice to his home. Nor could I discover any reason for altering my favorable conclusion of the previous year. Bather contrawise. •"Well, Bryoe," said the reotor, "how are you going on P" < <• Muoh the same as usual, sir," I replied. 'The reverend gentleman and his future son in-law exchanged a few asides, evidently about me. It was not for me to suppose they were to my advantage. Indeed, I could detect an ex pression of pity in Mr. Harper's glances at my probably stern-set faoe. '"Don't forget your commission for Ellice," he said soon to the reotor. '"Ah, I had nearly forgotten it," was the reply. Then turning to me, and laying his hand on my shoulder, as he had done many a time and oft sinoe childhood, " Bryce, my lad, we want a few laths for our decorations, would you get them from the loft P" 'MI might take them to the reotory for yon if you ohoose," I hasarded. '"If you'll fetch, I'll carry," Mr. Harper observed good humoredly. 'The gentlemen walked away, leaving me staring after them—confused, perturbed, in reverie. This was broken by my father's— •" Now, Bryoe, wake up I I'll have to drive down to Brown's yard. Pat Rory into the cart, will your ' Bory was a quiet cob, whioh ran in a home made vehicle combining the qualities of dogcart and taxcert, and Bory might always be trusted with fair play. But he had an unconquerable objection to contact with the front of the oart while in harness, and none knew that better than I. Bo long as the regulation strap was securely passed through the staple under the shaft, it was right, but there was no answering for the consequences when it was carelessly left outside, as to my sham* it was on this partiou lar afternoon. Instead of attending to my business I was holding imaginary conversations with the reotor's daughter, Mr. Harper, and Mr. Musgrave. The oonseqaerees were apparent before an hour had passed. On the outskirts of the village there was a sharp hill, and in descend ing it Bory made known my dunderheadednesi, and resented it as any ordinary horse will—kick ing and plunging. Perhaps no worse results would have ensued if it bad not been winter weather, for after a bit of flat at the bottom of the hill the road rose sgain. But the puddles of the previous week were now hard ice, and Bory's hoofs, not yet frosted for the season, bronght driver and cart to grief. My father was brought home insensible, the oart was heaped by the roadside in fragments, and Bory was led back next day, kneee broken and hooks cut to pieces. He had added to the consequences of a fall upon the ioe the damage likely to be produced by a frantic horse madly kicking amongst the wreck of his own creation. •Do I say his own creation ? Then I recall the words. It was my oreation, and my wicked negligence was announced to me and the village by the condition of the shaft, which, as if to bear testimony against me, was the only portion •f the cart attached to the runaway horse when he was caught in a hamlet six miles off. 1 Do you wonder then, Jerdao, that I talk of Christmas fatalities P You have told me be fore that I have a spice of the fatalist in my character; may be I have, and remembering the moment which revealed my hapless affection for Ellice to me, and the accident of the previous year, I, after this third disaster, unknown to myself nourished the dangerous notion. I may as well state once for all that, though my father recovered sufficiently to get about on crutohes, at midsummer, when the haymakers were whet ting their scythes for their campaign, he was, borne to his burial by his old cronies, followed by a long procession of mourners, of whom whatever my outward semblance might have been, there was none more truly wretched or who more truly wiihed to take the place of the good man lowered to hi* bed beneath the mo> mer gran. ' And now, my patient friend Jordan, I pass on to the year which waa to bring matters with me to a crisis. It was the one following that which I shook out with the aihes of my last pipe. Meanwhile not maoh of consequence had happened to me personally. But the name that had been painted over the entrance gates of the oarpenter'i shop for a hundred years was exchanged for another. The business was sold to a stranger, and Bryce Parsons, who should have succeeded to it, was employed in the shop on sufferance. Very muoh on sufferanoe too, for the new master carpenter did not hesitate to inform me, in presenoe of all the men, that I was not worth my salt. Verily I was not—at carpentering j whether or not at any other oall ing, not knowing, I cannot say. The test had not been applied. 'Roundly speaking, to the devil I must needs now go headlong. There was at this period a young gentleman rustioating in the village who aoted the part of lieutenant to that devil. I would not like to say that he saw my combustible condition, and of malice afore thought put a spark into the magazine. Nor will I say that it was not so. The fellow seemed to have been everywhere, and to hare reaped from the various fields he bad visited a harvest of ripe abundant villany. He never succeeded in leading me to knavery $ but I out-heroded Herod in profligaoyr and in all the lights and shades (if there are any lights) of disrepute, I soon beat him on his own ground. Again let me remark that lam not shifting upon other shoulders the blame mine should bear. I merely put the actuality on record. ' Until Ellice married, in October, I kept up some regard for appearances. If I have any excuse for the leave of my senses which I was new beginning to take, it is that I was all the while suffering acutely by reason of Miss Musgrave. One night the carpenter paid me my wages and dismissed me, to sponge npon the poor mother and the scanty income yielded by the invested proceeds of the business, to be scorned by the people whom I had deemed unworthy of my finer nature, to tear my hair at the oonviotion that all my self-eduoation, which after a fashion had reached an advanced point for one in my olass, had not enabled me to show so decent a life, so muoh honest worth, as Hodge the carter, or Tomkins the gardener, who signed their mark for signature. And it was a further aggravation to be aware why. They were content to labor unworried in their several spheres, I to moon fitfully about sighing •' Bismillah," and talking maudlin trash of my hard lot. Wei), friend Jerdan, that too is a common'plaoe story i to we'll have no more of it. 'On* workmanlike piece of work I had during the year persevered with and acoom* plished. The work itself and its object, so far as it was known, puttied everybody. It was an inlaid chessboard, composed entirely of woods grown around the village, shutting up like a book, and bearing upon it* back, in hollywood out from the rectory hedge, the white letters E.M. It was fortunate for me that there were no curves in these characters. As it was, the achievement taxed all my ingenuity. Had there been an 8 or O in the monogram I should have been ignominiously floored. But the trifle was excellently made and polished, and it was intended for a wedding present to Miss Musgrave. ' She never knew the significance of its dainty squares. How should she P Who should ex plsio to her that one was a veneer of beech out from the bridge of the violin whioh I played as conductor of the Christmas waits on the night of the revelation j that another was part of a walnut tree under which I often lay to watch her movements in the rectory garden ; that another was sliced from the remnant of the ashen cart shaft brought home by Bory j that another, had it been invested with speech, would have told the history of a purloined bracket—the theft a village wonder for a few days—supporting the bookshelf in the parsonage pew. All this could have been explained by me only, and I was dumb. ' A fortnight before the wedding—Miohaelmas Day waa the date—l took the chessboard boldly to the rectory, and asked to «cc Miss Muigrave. She came into the breakfait-room, and she was clearly surprised to see me. The rectory and I had seen little of evjh other latterly. '" Miss Musgrave," I said, " I have taken the liberty of bringing you a wedding present." '" But it does not take place yet," she replied, half-smiling, and not altogether at ease. ' " It is oaly a matter of a couple of weeks,' 1 I answered, " and I am leaving home to-mor row, and may not return in time." "* Did 70a make this P" she asked, not eon- oetling her •urpriie and delight at the initials on the back. '" I did. You are astonished. Well, Miss Bllice (we were in the habit of calling her so), it ii the only fair piece of work I have ever done." •" But not the only fair pieoe you will do, Bryce?" '"Ah! Who knows P At anyrate, please accept it. The squaws are all of trees you have known hero, every one of them, and I hare made it all myself." 1" I shall treasure it for auld lang syne, you may be sure } for the sake of the associations— and the maker." *" And I wish yoa all the happiness you deserTe." '" Thanks, Bryce; lam sure you do. And youP" '" What must be iB," I answered with a sacdonio laugh. 4 " Who says that P" enquired the rector, en tering tho French window from the garden. • " Oh! Papa, see what Bryce has made me," Ellioe exclaimed, showing him the gift. 'The reotor expressed his admiration, and added his thanks to those of his daughter. And he manifested no disposition to leave the room; more, a morement on my part to depart caused him to rise. I shook hands with Ellioe, and, aTerting my eyes, bade her good-bye. The reotor accompanied me, opened the study door, and invited me to enter. For what purpose was obvious. "•Bryce," he said, paternally, "I fear you are not doing well." '"I fear so too," I answered. ' " I married your father and mother, Bryce. I received you from them at the font; I read with a full heart the words of our beautiful funeral sorrice over your father's grave. You I have watched and sought to influence, but you have avoided me, and, if all I hear be true, are taking a course that must grieve your friends. Bryce, pull up in time t You have life before you, make the most of it." • Never a word answered I. True, I heard him, and can hear him now; but I was thinking of Ellice, and how luoky it was she was likely to have a good husband. 4" Come up after the wedding, and let us have a ohat, as in old times, Bryce," he said at last. " I don't believe half they say of you, but I do know you have talents worthy of something better than shipwreck. Come and see me, Bryce." '" Thanks, sir. Good night." 4" And forget such pernicious staff as' What must be is,'" he added gently. 4 The frame of mind then possessing me, you may imagine from one incident Mr. Harper was in the village, staying until the wedding day at the Bed Cow. I lay in wait for him, and met him alone in the churchyard avenue, through whioh he must pass to the rectory. 114 A word with you, Mr. Harper," I said, standing before him. 4" Fifty, if you like." 4" Do you know me P" I demanded. 4"I am thinking," he said j" I fancy I have seen you at the rectory." 4'• Then don't fanoy it any longer. You saw me onoe assisting Miss Ellice with the Christmas decorations, and I heard you ask Mrs. Musgrave who her handsome young gipsy was—meaning me." 4" To be sure. You are the yeung gentleman who has given her that charming bit of cabinet work P Let me join my thanks to hers." 4 411 am the young man who took that liberty. We all have a great respect for Miss Ellioe here." 4 Thus far the dialogue. Mr. Harper was p«r feotly courteous, a little amused, and with it all there was a consciousness of triumph. It was quite natural, of course, but it made me quiver on the rack to whioh I had subjected myself. I was, spite of my self-control at this moment, fit for anything. It was an even ohanoe whether I murdered him or grovelled at his feet. The issue was determined by his own kindly bearing. 4" I know you have," he said, with beaming eye, " and my heart is full of gratitude. You may all be satisfied she is in good hands." 4"So I believe," I proceeded. "8o I be lieved from the first. I have not been much in the world, Mr. Harper, but I know a good man when I see him. Now, why have I stopped you here ? To tell you, sir, that if you prove other* wise as Miss Ellioe's husband she will not want friends." 4 Absurd, was it not P Yet I do not think Mr. Harper viewed it altogether in that light. He looked more than a little amused, however, and hesitated. He would have spoken, but did not, on the instant, know how. 4" Don't think me rude or mad," I said. 4" Certainly not," he answered, taking me by the arm. " But let us walk. Talking of know* ing a good man when yom see him, I remember hearing somewhat of you, Mr. Parsons. Sup* pose we make a bargain; let us both try to be good men." '" Ton and I are different." '" Granted. But that need not interfere with tbc bargain. What do you say ?" •" I Bay good evening, Mr. Harper." \ •" Very well. Good evening. And I say, if ever you want a friend, come to me. T shall not have forgotten you."' • In this way we parted—that it, he strolled on to the reotory, and I sat under the yewtrees through the long autumn night, until the dappled east stared me in the face, and recalling me to myself revealed the heavy dew wbioh had chilled my body, but failed in damping the internal fire. •The wedding, I believe, passed off as one would suppose in that quiet community. They Were, after all, only a big family, and, at such, felt a personal interest in what wat going for* wards. The flowers were strewn, aooording to custom, from lyoh gate to ohuroh porch, by the school girls, the bells rang joyous petit, and the full strength of the orchestra wat brought out under other leadership than mine. 1 When I next appeared in the village Bllioe had been absent three weeks—Ellice no longer, but Mrs. Harper. It bears not telling how I had apent the interval. Enough that my mother wat horrified at my appearance, and her friendt told her that I had suddenly assumed the staid look of a man. And no wonder. I had been heavily qualifying myself for that downward ruth whioh I forthwith began to make under the direct tutorship of that rusticating young gentleman, Traoey Farquhar, to whom I but now referred. Dark dreary November was in unison with my spirit. There was no more sunshine in the sky than in my heart. It wat a month of long dismal nights and cheerless days. 4 " Are you free for a frolio P" asked Farquhar, o&e; afternoon as we tat on the settle close to the ire at the Bed Cow. '" Such as what P " I enquired. •« Midnight sport," he said. •« What game P" 1" Well, say pheasants, hares, partridges." *" In other words, say poaching." •"Don't be angry,"he hastily added, at I rose in anger. " Only we mean to try Ferney* top wood neit dear night. Whether you are there or not it will be done, and at you have often cursed your empty pocket I thought you would see no harm in the venture." '" 1 hate no right to be angry, Farquhar," I quietly laid, " and if lam angry it it that you Should think toe inch a fool." • December came, dear and crisp, with a week of white frost, a day'e rain, more white frott, and at last the customary blaok frost and light •now. I found myself wandering what my next Christmas fatality would bej had some wild notiont o( travelling on foot into Devon shire, And striking up a tune under Mrs. Harper't windows. It wanted a week to Christmas, and what time I did not paat at the Bed Cow in Far* quhar's company I moped away at home, making the poor widow, wretohed enough with her own troubles, more wretched by my idle and purposeless life. A day came, however, when Farquhar was not forthcoming. The people at the Bed Cow told me they had not seen him tinee the previous night. I thereupon, thinking little of hit absence, returned to the cottage, and assumed my favorite listless atti tude over the fire. •" It pains me to see you at your time of life to idle, Bryce," said my mother. *" God knows I don't seek to pain you," I answered. '" Get out in the world, Bryce, and try your fortune," she suggested after a pause. '" And so I will after Christmas," I said. 41 It is a good idea. Anything rather than the cart-horse round I have been circling." llt was a good idea beyond a question. 1 got up and stretched myself, and felt a gleam of determination to whioh I had been many a day ath anger. It wat an idea, I argued, which would bear thinking out, and, acting on the impulse, I took hat and stiok and set forth on a ramble. I must have rambled a good deal without knowing it, and traversed familiar paths, dreamily pondering. I was quite three miles from the village before I noticed that the Great Bear was high in the firmament, and the young moon on the wane. What sound was that in the copse yonder P Blows, cries, dogs snarling and howling ; and who was this run ning in haste ? •" Hillo, they're murdering Farquhar there," shouted a young fellow as he ran past. 'Swift at thought I dashed into the oopsc and into the fray. It was sufficient for me to see that two men were pinning Farquhar to the ground, and that his blood- stained face was turned towards me. The sudden reaction from long-continued sloth, the mere animal delight of feeling fit for battle, sent the quicksilver mounting in my veins. A ferocious ten minutes of up-and-down fighting ensued, and I knew no more. Ko more, until I recovered my senses and emyed to ttagger to my feet. It was a diffioult operation, for my elbows were lathed behind me, and I was tiok and duty with pain and loss of blood. • " What have yoa done with Farquhar ?" I asked of the three men standing by. '" Farker's bolted, that's wot," was the an swer. •" Bat we've got you, Master Bryoe," another said. • There was no denying the statement; and, to make a long story short, I was marohed off to durance Tile on a charge of poaching. No thing could be dearer. One of the men brought along my own little single- barrel gun, another carried my jacket, one of the big pockets of whioh was stuffed with pheasants. True, none of them had been shot, but there they were with neoks wrung, and evidently dragged down from their roosting-plaoe by practised hands. • The evidence was so dear against me that in my wild state of mind next morning I was almost inolined to believe it all. As I have said, my gun and coat—l had myself volunteered the statement as to ownership on recovering from my stupor in the copie—lay on the magisterial table) it was proved that in the powdered ground my footsteps were traced from our cot tage door through the fields and around the copse where the poachers were caught red* handed. The three witnesses bore abundant testimony to my fighting capabilities. Nor did I deny the part I had taken in the assault. In fact, I took no pains to deny anything. The rector and the squire and the vinegar- faced clerk exasperated me by their display of pity, born of a foregone oondusion. Poor old mother! she knew better. She proved the bor* rowing of the gun and ooat a month before by Farquhar—the gun became it was peculiarly adapted for rabbit shooting, the coat because he had none with pockets large enough to stow away game. She proved most conclusively the oironmstanoei under whioh I left the cottage. The gamekeepers admitted that I had actually appeared on the scene only after the fray began. The justices were in doubt, and they remanded the prisoner. For myself, I was simply careless of the result. ' That night I was being driven by a village constable to the market town. My mother had parted from me as I was brought out to mount into the gig. Mothers only can judge what the parting was. But she knew I was innocent of the serious charge, and I fancy the oonstable held a similar belief. I*' Christmas Eve to-night, Bryce," »• Mid kindly, as the horse trotted along, and I an* swered merely with a groan. 1" Begad, and I'm right grieved, my lad, at the piokle you're in/* he went on. '" What tnult tie it, Jennint," I replied. *" I'd have given a fi-pun note rather than put on them hancufts, Bryce, if only for yer father's take," he said. ■But I kept silence. We were*four miles from town. * "Just let me loosen them euftt," he said, at we were driving at a smart trot down a hill. " Jest a little steady now." 'It did so happen that at the moment when the fetters were unlocked the off wheel went over a mound of frozen roadsorapings; the constable lurohed against me with unnecessary violence, and I was pitched out clean and neat into the road. Yet I did not suspect a trick, for I stood still ready to remount when bidden. When, however, I beard Jennings shouting to his galloping hone, and lashing him with the whip, a light dawned upon me, and, acoepting the opportunity, I walked quietly through the hedge and ran for dear life. I would like to meet that Jennings again. ' Horse ran away P My good Jerdan, how can you ask such a question P Were not the inhabitants of two hamlets and the miller be* yond frightened out of their wits as the gig dashed by, Jennings crying, " For God's sake stop him;" and wasn't Jennings, when he wat stopped in the market town, so overcome with fright that they put him to bed, and oould only get hit report of the escape of the prisoner next morning, by which time I wat seven leagues offP 'Take it which way you will, Jerdan, was this another Christmas fatality or not P' ' Take the wide world through, I dare say, in no quarter of it will you find so many men whose lives have been adventurous, and who are so truly living examples of the saying that " Faot is stranger than fiction," as in these colonies. The stories of the lives of the men you meet in Aus tralia—say fifty out of every hundred—would make a volume of pure romance exceeding all the works of imagination known. And the story of my life from the period to whioh I brought you a minute ago would not be, I feel certain, the least remarkable. ' What would you say, my good neighbor, if I told yon that, after my escape from the very perilous position I have described, I changed my mode of tiring as often as a chameleon changes the color of hit coat P lam aware that during the last twenty yean there haa been nothing in the career of Parions, the sober-going thriving squatter, who found and took up this fine piece of country, and named it after Swayne Court, county Devon, England, the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Harper, whioh would warrant the assertion that he had been a strolling vaga> bond who had seen the inside of a hundred gaols, an impostor notorious in balf the counties of England, Scotland, and Wales, and a roaring fighting sot. Yet I hare been all these, and more than could be told in a week of time. Nor, I hope, is it necessary for me to declare that I never committed a crime or did a dishonorable act. Else I should jealously veil the fact. ' Let me run through a summary of the his* tory of Bryce Parsons for years after he pushed through the hedge, and left Jennings, the friendly oonstable, to simulate a driver who had lost eon* trol of his steed. I slept in a cow-house that night, and waited for daylight. The sun rose late and feeble, but I greeted it—— '"Oh! There you are. I will even travel towards the bed from whioh you have risen | it cannot be so cold as mine has been." * For some days, under the influence of this whim, I wandered east, begging my way, much to the astonishment of the good village and farming folks whom I accosted. It was a most successful business too, and indicated to me a line of life that 1 often adopted, as returning a maximum of gains with a minimum of trouble. Ordinary beggars fail because they do not strike out a groove of their own. Instead of whining, and pleading, I put on a bold face and ad dressed people in a manner that in oase of a refusal on their past humiliated them and not me. In a week, living like a fighting oock all the way, and refusing money with scorn whenever it was offered, I had arrived at a hamlet not far from a market town. There were fiddling and dancing in the roadside hostelry. The door opening direct upon the highway, I looked in, envying the villagers the warmth of the ashen fagot biasing on the hearth. "•Come in, young man, and take what's a going," one of the oompany shouted. ''What was going was foamtag beer in quantity, and I required no second invitation either to rater or tans the first mag offered bottom upwards in the orthodox manner. The fiddle* whioh had been put aside os my entrance* was now shouldered again, and soraped exera* otatingly. Shuddering at the discord, I crossed over the sanded floor, and with a polite " Allow me," readjusted the bridge, sorewed up the A string a trifle, and, generally, made the instru ment ship-shape, returning it to the owner with a— • " Now then, sir, try again." 1 There was an evident improvement, bat the performer was a sorry bungler. He had the merit, however, of knowing that he was so, and by*and-by, not at all ill- naturedly, he handed me the violin, remarking that he was sure I could play it better than he, whioh I undoubtedly could, and did. This trivial incident would find no plaoe in what I am intending as a rapid bio graphical summary, but that it was my real starting point The owner of the ill-regulated violin proved to be a well-to-do meohanio, with a taste for music Delighted with my handling of the bow, he informed me that he had a supe rior instrument at home, whiohhe would sell me if I required such an article. For reply, I pulled my empty pockets inside out, and smiled. When at leagth he understood my penniless oondition, he was for tsking round the cap in my behalf— a proposition received in anything bat the Chris* tian spirit in which it was advanced. Well, then, would I take the loan of half-a<orown from him P I have often smiled to think what a vast sum the goodhearted fellow thought it was, and how, spite of himself, he looked re lieved when I declined the kindness. We came ! to a compromise. Thus :— '"Did you say you had another violin at homer" tasked. «"Yes,andafirstrater." •" Then lend me this until I can see my way to return it," I said. ' The suggestion took him aback. He ran his thumb and forefinger over the strings, and tam-tum'd fitfully for awhile, Then be looked up, and said brightly— 4•• I'll trust you, 'pon my sool I will. I'd give the fiddle, but it was the old man's. It it what you call a hare-loom, d'ye see. Take it though, if so be as you'll pass m«your promise to let me have it when you can. You'll make a fortune out o* that fiddle with fingers like yourn." ' Now, Jerdan, you see how I made a start. The required promise was given, the fiddle was put into a green baize bag, I commenced the grand career of a strolling fiddler, and the next year, to cut the story short, I passed through that identical village, returned my friendly mechanic his " hart-loom," and forced upon him m oriap a Bank of England £5 note ai fiogen ever orampled. •Flirt, races, prizefights, regattai, towns and Tillages, street oorners and taverns, were en* IWened with my fiddling, and the money tumbled in so well that my fiddling invariably was sue* oeeded by fuddling. I became known as the prinoe of good fellows amongst the vagabond fraternity, who had their strictly defined cir cuits in those days, as the actors and barristers had. I was a second Bamfylde More Oarew. Bo long as I had money, it was givon and lent with a liberal hand to the needy ; and the re spect which money oonld not buy was won by the readiness with which I defended the weak and oppressed. < There was no better hand at disguises than Roving Bobin, as I was now called; no oner more famous for chaffing magistrates, and Bumbles of every description; no cleverer im* provisator, more successful mountebank, cadger, tramp, than I. The far-seeing chairman of petty sessions who disposed of a charge of window smashing, or drunk and disorderly, or assault of constables, and advised the good-looking young prisoner to amend his ways, had no idea that the respeotably dressed gentleman who called upon him to offer pictures for sale within forty eight hours was the same culprit; the lady who in open court proved with indignation that being refused alma by her I had deliberately smashed her parlor windows was equally deceived in the soft-speaking person in spectacles who waited upon her to solioit her assistance for an orphan family; the yokels who grinned from ear to ear to-day at my antics as showman in the market-place would not have oredited that I was the same eloquent preacher who in the Little Bethel pulpit next week drew tears from honest eyes, and was loaded with humble favors by the simple rustics t even the watchful eyes of the Constabu lary could not always detect Boving Bobin in the vendor of quack medioines, the armless tailor with his melanoholy tale of shipwreck, the gipsy horsedealer, or the old gray-haired wanderer who, surrounded by an admiring street crowd, imitated the whistling of all the birds of the air. This was my style of life, partly from sheer devilry, partly from ehronio insobriety, but also, I verily believe, partly from a wave of madness which had come over me, as wares of heat and storm are said to come over the aarth. •Of course my so-called Christmas fatalities pursued me. In my very first year of vaga bondage I found that. I had bean engaged as violinist for a travelling exhibitor of dissolving views, and, as usual, soon proved a better manager of the apparatus than the proprietor himself. We were to give a Christmas week entertainment of a moral and instructive nature to the schools of a certain town, I being both fiddler and leoturer. The schoolroom lent for the occasion was full of happy faces, and the leoturer felt almost happy too under their influ ence. The first view was to be one of Eddy stone Lighthouse in a storm, with grand scenic effects, produced by some rude gas apparatus under my oontrol. 1 "Now, my young friends," I began, " there is a night of pleasure before you, but we shall herald it in with lightning and thunder and tempest. Do not be frightened at it i there is nothing to fear, though you may »o a little alarmed at first." 'Bo saying, I turned off the lights and turned on the lightning. There was an error some* where, for, with a terrific report, the magic lantern, with all the apparatus, wai smashed to atoms, the leoturer blown into the auditory, and there arose a fearful yelling and stampede amongst the ohildren. It was a miifortune simply, but the proprietor of the concern did not view it in that light. He was literally and mentally stunned at first. So was I. His next motion was to subject me to bodily assault. The children, screaming and crying, ran out as the general public came in, to find the last scrap of scenery resolved into smoking tinder, and the two performers locked in deadly embrace, tumbling and ouriing and smiting amongst the overturned chairs. There was always some thing of thit description at Christmas time. If I was not in trouble myself, I would, as surely as the aeaion came round, be the innocent cause of trouble to other people. 'By-and-by I avoided my fate—so, like a fool, I deemed it—b/ deliberately spending my Christmas in workhouse or jail. I must bare sunk low indeed when I could do this without a sense of shame t nay more, could in my glib fashion argue in the hearing of more ignorant men that there was no disgrace in cither; that, in fact, the one was a well- appointed country houae for the enjoyment of deserved repose, and the other a convenient halting-place where you might eat and drink without any troublesome questions as to the purchase and cooking of food. Id the committal of offence*, I knew precisely how to keep within moderately safe limits. I was as learned in English crimi* nml law m most justices of the pesos j perhaps more learned than many; and in one or two plaeee where Boring Bobin waa well known from hit periodical appearances, and where a dispute would ariie between tbe magistrate and hia clerk, his Worship wonld with a smile accept my ruling as to what tbe penalty might be. How well I knew what was misdemeanor and what felony! I waa, if yon mast know, a walk ing epitome of the principle of summary juris diction, badly bound no doubt, but reliable} and, m for the working of the Poor Law and the duties of the constabulary, no man had more practical experience of both. ' For three years I neither saw the Harpers nor heard of them, albeit the image of Ellioe Musgrave remained in its constant shrine. When I did see Mr. Harper it was under comical circumstances. In a Wiltshire market town well known to me, and knowing me well as a strolling vagabond, I was, at one of the July aheep fairs, taken into oustody as a rogue and Vagabond, for the mere offence of sleeping inside the garden gate of a local magnate, an old gentleman hated by everybody for his meanness and hard grinding disposition, disguised by a hypocritical assumption of Christianity. The sight's lodging he prooured me in the round* house was an injustice I determined to revenge. On the last day of the fair, therefore, toward* his prim bouse I wended my way and demanded admittance. Being in my respectable young farmer's disguise, there was no difßoulty in pre liminaries. The servant showed me into the ■tudy where sat the local magnate. He bowed; I bowed. '" What oan Ido for you, sir P" he said, in •peoting me over the gold rims of hia spec* taoles. •"Are we alone, Mr. Carson P" I asked modestly. '"Quit* so, quite so. Fray proceed," he •aid. •"I'll just shut this door, if you plea**," I observed, suiting the aotion to the word, and at the same time secretly slipping the bolt int* its plaoe. Then I stood up and faced him. • " Now, old fellow, let us to business 1" 111 WhatP Old fellow! You impertinent aooundrel." *" Softly now, brother Canon. Give me jour prayerful attention, I beseech you. I'll tell you what I want. If—" '"Good God!" he jelled. "It's the meal that made the speech before tht) bench the other day." \--• •" It is, Canon." I replied, coolly. " You owe me some reparation. Give mo your daughter. She's devilish old and ugly, you know, and I'll take her off your hands for if thousand pounds, or saj four thousand down." ' The worthy gentleman was blue and white, and white and blue, by turns. He was speech less and breathless with rage. But he did pro* dsely what I had been informed by a comrade in the secret he would do. He took down his hunting-whip, leaving me free to carry out my part of the game. There was a double glass* door opening upon one of the prettiest lawns and flower gardens within a circuit of twenty miles, and the local magnate was prouder of them than of anything else. If you could wound him anyhow it waa through his flowers. When the furious old fellow made towards me with the whip, I, pretendingtoimploremeroy, edged away to the glass doors, and dashed into the garden, but not too fast for the avenger. I wanted a out from his whip before I could act safely, and my want did not remain long unsatisfied. The thong stung me sharply. So, with a howl of flnely simulated terror, I started off, and, as if ■lind with fear, ran over and trampled down •very flower bed in the garden. '" Spare my flowers, you villain! Oh, damn I Look at the verbenas! Now he's in the geraniums 1 There go the calceolarias 1" he shrieked, running and slashing wildly. • Any other heart but mine would have bled with pity. At eaoh ejaculation, however, I feigned new terror, roared for pardon, but always contrived to plunge again through the flower beds, destroying any odd plants previ ously overlooked. Finally, I made a grand charge through a number of glased band-framt* protecting his rarest plants, and then stood at bay. By this time the Carson family and ser vants were clustered in dismay on the lawn. 1" You shall rot in gaol for this!" the old man gasped. •"For whatP" • " Trespass, you scoundrel." '" Pooh I Your own maid showed me to your study." •" For destroying my property." 1" Nonsense. When a powerful man like you assaults a poor fellow like me, the victim natu rally becomes frightened, and is not answerable for the consequences." ' A gentleman here came forward from the family group and looked at me. '" Are you Bryoe Parsons P" be asked. '" You are aware that auoh is my name, Mr. Harper," I replied. •It matters not what passed between us. If I had committed any indictable offence, probably Mr. Harper, at the time a ohance visitor at the local magnate's, would have interposed on mj behalf. But I had not j my scheme of revenge had been carefully thought out, and ended pre cisely as I anticipated, omitting the appearanoe of Ellice Musgrave's husband upon the scene. To that gentleman I made a dean breast of everything, and we made a queer bargain. He had put a kindly construction upon my doings, and had won my heart by hia manly aympathy. Gratitude for this mingled with a glow of satisfaction that the man was worthy of the wife he had won. He left no word unsaid that would be calculated to turn me from the error of my ways. But we finished the dialogue in the following terms :— •" You are only acting a part, remember, repressing your better nature. No man oan go on trying to repress his better nature without ending by doing it," he argued. •"Enough said, Mr. Harper," I rejoined. "We have it on no less an authority than the Soriptures that the Ethiopian oannot change his skin. Well, sir, mine I guess is about the blaokest moral hide—from most people's stand point—that was ever curried by the ups and downs of life. Let it rest at that. Oblige me." •He fell in with my humor without another syllable, and it was now we made our bargain. 8o long as I could still boast that I had pever committed a crime, or done what, in my strange moral code, I held to be a dishonorable act, I was to appear once every year aid stay from Saturday night till Monday morning at Swayne Court, County Devon, a guest in the bosom of tbe Harper family. He understood fully my worship of his wife, and yet pressed me to accept tbe invitation. The first proposal waa that I should visit him at Christmas, but, in daferenoe to my fatality theory, he allowed mo to fix the time of my visit. 'Never mind how often I went to Bwayne Court, but I have no objection to say that every time the good influence of that peaceful atmo sphere bettered me. No reference was ever made to my vagabondage. Only in the clear tale-telling eyes of the peerless wife and mother could I fanov pity or reproach. In whatever part of the country I might be found, lot my occupation be what it might, as the end of October drew nigh I oast off my mode of life as a snake its slough, and at sundown on the last Saturday in October rang at the gate, to all outward appearance—for I could look the gentleman as successfully as other characters— fit for the society of ths best. ' Swayne Court was one of those lovely old* fashioned English cottages now so seldom found in this ago of pretension, stuooo, sham. In the early summer, amongst ths hawthorn, lilac, and laburnum, the thrashes and blackbirds would pipe all day long, and no rude shriek of Babylon, or the who thereof, would disturb its balmy repose. In the autumn, when I visited it, the glorious tints, not of decay as we are in the habit of supposing, but of dbinely-ordained sleep, warmed the woods} and there was a fragranoe of perishing leaves mors atone to my feeliogs than woodbine, violet, or rose. In the winter ths ehoHmxtofrit* of holly separating the ground from the road would be a mass of crimson and yellow berries I remember, too, there was a rookery centuries old, and a sundial that had marked the creeping hours for generations. 'The bargain between ns was broken ones. At my request my visit was mads at Christmas. For once fatality forbore. It may be that I kept out of its way. Besolved, anyhow, that nothing should turn me aside from my purpose, and that no accident should interpose, I walked day by day steadily through ths roads and lanes with face turned Devonwards. My friends were waiting for me. The urn steamed on the well-spread table, the topers softly illumined a picture of rare domestio felicity. There was a third chair, placed for a coming guest} two faoes at the window smiled welcome. I was st Swayne Court, and for the last time. •••We expected you, Bryw," said Ellioe, saintly calm and womanly kind. '" Yes, I see my chair is ready," I answered. ' Somehow, Jordan, my moat patient listener, I fancy you would have been astonished at the manner in which this hmbitmS of hawker's cart, showman's booth, gipsy camp, and village top room carried himself, discussing the topics of the day, and politely performing tbe trifling offices pertaining to a tea- table of the olden time. Once every year at least I took part in family worship. Bwayne Court waa my temple, Ellice my priestess. It requires not the telling that these good souls, believing me to be not altogether bad, hoped that a time of reforma tion would come. Through these mai»y years the flame of their hope had not been dimmed. • One thing always struok me. In their family devotions the Harpers never road or prayed at me, according to the custom of me it professing religionists I hare met. On this pi r tioular evening they did not, for example, as some would do, sleot the. parable or The Pro digal Bon, or the fate ot Absolom, in order to " improfe the ocoaaion." Ellice, instead, at the close of an evening of c arnest conversation read the charming little bib Jical poem descriptive of green pastures and stdl waters. At (he piano, while the hard snow r mttled upon the panes, and the rough wind fhoo k the casements, and the trees in the rookery roared and creaked, she sang—ah! so pathetically—the hymn whioh speaks of fast-falling; «ventide> thicksning dark nets, and a holy beacon shining through the gloom. « « Good-night and good-bye, true friends," I ■aid, as we shook hands, to separate for the night. " You. "hare conquered me." 'They caslcm quick questioning glanoeupon me. '" Yes," I continued, " foe lore of you I olose the page* of the past, ancl will lire newly, so help me God. Say a long good-bye here and now, for next year seas will roll between us." 1 It was mid as requested, and Bllioe I saw no more. Her husband accompanied me on my way in the balMight of the following morning' I bore three keepsakes—a puro aisterly kiss, an invoked Meaning, and a recently netted purse of blue siik. The kits remains upon the forehead Mit fell | no other has effaced it. The blessing descended clew-like, and I hare not lost it. As for the purae, I will fetch it, that you may tee it yourself. 'In my firm purpose of redeeming the past there wera many ups and down* before me ere I settled in sunny Queensland and made your acquaintance, and amongst them there was one terrible Christmas fatality, albeit it touched me more lightly than many. •If I had been a thoroughgoing believer in my own fatalistic creed, nothing, I know, should have induced me to be a passenger by the Bolti«na on suoh a date as the 22nd of De cember. I should have held myself up as a Jonah and acted accordingly. At that period, however, things were going well with me, and I was not permitting gloomy forebodings of umub* stantial troubles to unnecessarily obtrude. Be sides, I waa obeying the call of duty, and at her voioe disobedienoe should not be lightly ooun tenanoed. Ventures in whioh I was engaged, and in wbieh others had to be considered, ren dered a voyage to the old country necessary. The trip had answered my most sanguine ex* peotations, and there was no excuse for deferring my return for a month without substantial cause. Such cause there was not, and what nobler ship could I vqyaje in than the Bultana,launohedon)y in the previous year, andaoeounted oneof the finest specimens of Mersey marine architecture P 'There were 496 passengers and a crew, whioh made the total number of adults on board 688. If you share the mariner's belief in unlnoky sailing days, here is an example for you. We •ailed on Friday, and it was a common subject of remark amongst sailors and passengers that a better day might have been selected. Take this statement for what it is worth, but take it We left the Mersey witk a fine south- ■ easterly bteese, whioh shifted to south-west, and strengthened in the Irish Channel, but did sot at any time amount to a bad gale. There were the usual excitements which attend the eailing of a large emigrant ship i the usual depression amongst the poor creatures who bad left home for the first timej the usual miseries from sea sickness i the usual exohsnge of information and hopes amongst the buoyant etrong-stomached men who were able to eat their meals and keep the deck. 4 During the forenoon of the third day I had geoe below after my post-breakfast pipe to set my cabin in order for the voyage, and was fcosy at that occupation between 11 and 12 o'clock, when I heard a man in the saloon say hurriedly to a companion: * " I say, old fellow, there's land dose ahead, and they are afraid the ship will go ashore." "'Oh! go to Bath," the other rejoined with a laugh. " Tell that to the marines." 'It certainly was preposterous to imagine that a first-olaas ship, officered by the man who had superintended her building, and fully manned and found, would on her first voyage, in broad daylight, and in the Irish Sea, with nothing more than a stiff south-west breese, be found in such a ridiculous position. Yet I did not exactly like the increasing shouting on deok, and, more out of curiosity than appreheniion, went leisurely up the companion-way. Unfortunately, the alarmist was in tbe right. Glow before us the waves were daabing in angry foam up the brown beetling brows of a rocky island (it was Lambay, a few miles north of Howth), and those same waves seemed to be alluring the Bultana towards the hideous rocks with frightful rapidity. ' With a glaace of the eye I took in the situa tion. The captain was attempting to wear ship, but nothing would induce her to payoff. They got up the staysails, but on sho drifted wallow ing. Other devices were tried with similar effeot. Tbo mate yelled to the helmsman ; she still drifted to the rocks. The order was given to let go the anchors—our only hope The cables Bnapped like thread, and she went broad* side on with a sickening crash. ' God preserve me from ever again witnoaaiog such a soene of horror and commotion as then ensued. The decks were orowded with the frantic passengers; indeed they bad (men ( women, and children trampling each other down) begun to hurry up before I heard the alarm, and it was trident that the c/ew were aadly hampered by them. Even if the captain had not been too tardy in giving orders, it was impossible to carry them oat under the distress ing circumstances. 1 For myself, I calmly looked on. No, I*> not admit it was courage, nor can I define tk* power then controlling me | whatever it wae, ft prevented my heart from altering its beat, it kept away fear, and put me in a temper, was simply speculative. I stood by the *mi M n rigging ouriouely watohing events. W« were so olose to the rocks that lot* of th» pay mongers were making ready to leap down upon t) ie m, and I did my best to prevent them. A fe- * heeded my advice. One atrong-looking fellow , however, with an angry look directed toward , s me, and shouting, » What the deuce do you know about it P" leaped for shore to meet an v islantaneoua fate. We were so near that his 'head crashed full foroe against the jagged prep otion of rook, and he fell back into the sea. nsrimsoning the water with hit blood, and, briefly struggling sank. ' 'Another man was more- fortunate; he was fortunate enough to spring to a seoure footing, and, the orowding people pareai iving this, leaping became general. First and fot emost went some Chinese and Laaear seaman, w! no neve; ought to have been shipped ac part of t he crew, and who, onoe on shore, scrambled ■ ap in to niohes of safety, and stirred not thence to*«ssii t either women or ohildren. Seising a rop* dandling handy, I also swung myself on sho re, for I now espied a means of saving life. I kept the rope in my hand, passed the end, to half-a*dosea men on » higher ledge of rook behind me, and bade them tighten it and hold, on with might and main. We conveyed flfteim persons on shore by thie means, and might have saved more but for he> wild abandonment, of sense by some persons still higher up the i.wky island nee. They were* perfectly safe, bat they must forsooth struggle and Ight amoo« themselves for more spaoions footing, until they tumbled down «pon the gallant fellows straining the tightened rope,, wrenched it, oat of their hands, and so put an end to tha* «hanoa of salvation. •My device of getting ashore on tightenedl topes wae being imitated here sad there withi partial sweets, and if there had been less con fusion H wonld have been a promising method1 of escape. A number of young Irish girlsl courageously attempted this passage, but, after a brief attempt, in despair released their hold of tha rope and were drowned. Yet the rope was* held down firmly on the rooks below, and the> angle was such that they might have slid down with no worse result than torn ingers. But they had all gone clean daft. One melancholy affair happened under my eyee. A group of men were holding on manfully to a rope on deck, and a few of us on the rooke below kept ft tent and steady. The doctor, who with hf» wife and child was seeking a new sphere of labor in a distant land, gripped thai hoy's olothes in his teeth, and cautiously oonmenokV his descent, had indeed half-way accomplished it, when the ship, bumping on the rooks, gave an outward lurch, jerked the rope out of our hands, and with it one of our number into a watery grave. The dootorstill keeping an unyielding grip on the child'e frock with his teeth, and on the rope with bis hands, dangled in mid-air. •"Now, boy*, lower gently," I shouted to the people on deck. But no. They, too, had lost their heads, and let the rope go with a run. The doomed doctor with hi* burdon plunged into the water (fithoms deep close to the rocks), and be came up alone. Tha little fellow had parted company, once and for ever on this earth, with his father. The man's scared eyes met mine as be reappeared on the surfaoe, and I bade him take courage; He battled magnificently with the waves and the de'bria now floating around, and at last readied the ship's side, springing towards nnd clutching a rope ladder suspended over the side. His wife above looked down, discovered that the child was gone, shrieked in heart-breaking; agony, leaped wildly upon bis shoulders, struck him from the friendly hold-fast, and with him was swallowed up in the hungry sea. The little family— rest them in Heaven's haven !— after all had not parted company for long. 1 Leaping overboard was soon the universal outcome of the prevailing panic. The drowning was wholesale. Women and men hustled each other overboard in their eagerness to seise any* thing in the shape of » rope that could hare rendered them no possible assistance. It fared very badly with the poor women; the strong had no mercy upon the weak. For the siko of manhood, I am ashamed to state that out of 200 women there were only three eared, and one of that fortunate trio reached shore along a rope with a child on her back. Tbe miserable part of the business to uj on shore was that we could render no help. We saw on every hand people fearfully struggling for life, heard their wails and cries, and watched them gradually becom ing weaker and weaker, till the depths gave them release. Yet we were powerless. I •speoially remember one fine girl whose efforts at eioape we watohod with breathless anxiety. Though she slipped away from one rope, she dexterously grasped another, and held by it for many minutes. It seemed an age to us, but what must it hare been to her P At length her ■trength gave way. She looked yearningly up wards, and, uttering neither ory nor sigh, dropped down and sank with the rest. ' How long this succession of horrors lasted I oannot tell• but it must hare been many hours. Towards evening the Sultana's stern began to ■ink. The rooks at length had Gored her aidet like tho honu of an angry bull, and the people who had clung to the bulwarks tent ap a ory to Hoaven that froze the heart's blood to hear it. Then, almost without warn ing, the vessel slid bodily from the edge of the submerged precipice upon which she had been bumping, and, gurgling and drawing everything into the vortex, foundered. The surface of the water tor a while seemed strewed with uplifted arms and sinking heads | the air full of laments and shrieks and groans of despair. And in Dublin city, not a soore of miles distant, the in. habitants, in oomfort and safety, were making ready for the morrow's Christmas festival. 'The coastguard found us out at length, starved as muoh with cold as with hunger, and ragged, bruised, and brooding. Some wished the more merciful fat* of the dead had been theirs j others were grieving not for themselves, but for those from whom they were cruelly •evered j others were altogether daied | others eompoeed at stones may be said to be. For me, the kindly eyes of Bllioe kept me in good heart through the weary hours, and in dreamy fancy I lived through my previous life again. We wen all reecued on Christmas Day and housed on the bland. * The explanation of this disaster was not satisfactory. It cam* out at the official enquiry that the compasses wen not properly adjusted | that the captain had made a grievous error in hi* reckoning i that the order to wear, with an incompetent crew and new rigging, was given too late | that the Sultana would not properly an* fwer her helm. Turn up the newspapers of the day, and you will read of the amassment of tbo public when they knew that at midday a large •hip should run against an island whioh in fair weather can be seen fifteen miles off, and whioh, aooording to tbe testimony of one survivor, was ■een at a distance of three miles, while the ship ■till oonttnued her oourse. But what avsiled wisdom after the event P She ran so completely into the island that a plank, during the first few minutes was run out upon the rocks, and six or •even passengers actually reached land by it. 'After this Christmas fata'ity, depend upon it I was silent as to my own petty troubles. Host of our misfortunes are not worth mentioning if we compare them with those of others. lat least was left to live, but of the 528 adults who •ailed from the Mersey there were only 288 ••red. That is a matter of history, and I per sonally can vouch that but for the panio which took possession of the passengers there need have been but little loss of life. Since that fearful catastrophe I have carefully studied every shipwreck, and it invariably appears that panio is at the bottom of three-fourths of the destruction of human life at sea. •And now, neighbor Jerdan, I have little more to say beyond thanks for your patience, and a renewed request that you will give all eensonable greeting to your household. I dare cay you will smile at my unwholesome theory of Christmas fatalities, but as you ride across to Turingabah think over your own remembrances of me. When was it I suffered that compound fracture of the leg P When was it you saw the sky lurid, and galloped down next morning to see Bwayne Downs head station an enclosure of black ashes and charred timber ? When were all the fences burnt down in a couple of days ? When was I stuck up by blacks, and Tom, the stockman, speared P Christmas time. Always Christmas time. 'Well, good-night, Jerdan. Bemember I don't oomplain like a fretting child. From the moment when in that softly-lighted apartment at Swayne Court I promised to redeem the past, humbly I say it, I have with the help of the Supreme, and the love of Ellice, whose blessings I have reaped, pursued the even tenor of my way. My basket k and store 'run over. My herds have givtn their increase without fail; droughts and disasters have decimated the flocks of other men, but passed me by. And the evening of life is upon me, mellow and cheer ing. God bless you, Jerdan. Good-night; and a merry Christmas o you, every one.' I must now return to that narrator's duty which, in tbe introduction to Bryoe Parsons' story, I said was dear. One morning in Ootober, in the customary list of passen gers published in the Britlan* Courier, there appeared amongst the voyagers to Sydney by the A.B.N. steamer tbe name of 'B. Parsons.' It was casually mentioned at tbe clubs that this was the owner of Swayne Downs, and that he had gone to England. There was something so unlikely about thi«, that enquiries were made by A from B and by B from C. By-and-by Mr. Jerdan's governeis arrived from Tnringabahi all agog with the news that Bryce Parsons had gone home to marry an old sweetheart. She had woven an astonishing romanoe out of the scanty scraps of information picked up on the stations, and this part was beyond doubt acou rate—namely, the old sweetheart's husband was dead, and the widow herself had apprised Mr. Parsons of the fact in a letter which was de livered at Swayne Downs early in September. Mr. Parsons hastened over to his neighbor Jer dan in a state of—for him—exoitement, and thereafter it was known that the owner of Swayne Downs was bound for England by the flnt boat he could oatoh. The reader muit form his or her own conclusions j what passed between the two neighbours was not meant for common gossip. It was the oommumon of steel-true friends. The sequel to these jottings from the che quered life of Bryoe Parsons is gathered from careful enquiries from steamship agents, railway station-masters, newspaper reports, and indis putable private authorities. The proverbial delays whioh spring up on* expeotedly in the path of the hurrying man characterised our friend'e voyage to England. He was quite a month out of his reckoning, arriving at London in the third week of December instead of November. There was delay in sailing from Sydney and Melbourne, a mishap to the maohinery prolonged the ▼°J*f *i tad the continental trains were snowed up. The English railways were beginning their Christmas traffic days earlier than usual, causing additional hindrance. This would not have signified materially but for the oircum* stance that Bryoe Parsons travelled to Devon* ■hire in vain. Without allowing the departure of a train to intervene, he erased London to the Great Western station, and booked by the night express from Paddington. Snow in England, as on the Continent, made all the trains late, and he eventually arrived at Swayne Court to find that Mrs. Harper was to spend her Christmas with friends near Oxford. To retrace his oourse was the next thing, and rather than wait for tne night express he booked by a special that, ac cording to the authorities, would reaoh Oxford in advance of everything else. It was one of those holiday trains so execrated by ordinary English traveller*, shunted here, stopped there, and certain of nothing but its uncertainty. But the compartments generally ring with laughter and song, as befits those who are putting aside toil for a while to enjoy well-earned holi day. The train by whioh Bryce Parsons travelled was of this kind. The ohanning Oxfordshire scenery beyond Woodetoek station was beautified by its garment of unsullied white, and it is easy to imagine that the passengers were look* ing out upon the winter landsoape. The train was running at some thirty or forty miles an hour, and increasing speed to make up for lost time. But the carriages began to oscillate and to be foroed violently against each other as when a train is pulled suddenly vp } the ballast flew in showers from tbe permanent way j the wheels were heard to be ploughing through the sleepers. Then came the final crash of a great rail* way accident. Such mishaps pass with mer ciful swiftness, as this one did. The passengers before they were able to fully comprehend their ituation were flying in the air, crushed beneath the ruins of the carriages, hurled over the em bankment into the ice-fringed river. From the adjacent dwelling-places, across tbe white fields, people ran to the spot to drag out the living, maimed, and bruised from heaps of lumber, and to lay the unknown dead side by side on the bespattered snow. An adjacent paper-mill for the time was converted into a hospital, its shed into a mortuary. It was a fearful piece of wreckage. Huge carriage wheels and frag ments of timber lay overturned in the canal; ponderous vane were crumpled up like match boxes} and amidst twisted iron bars and splin tered woodwork were portmanteaus, hampers, children's toys, little bags, overcoats, sticks, umbrella*, many of them ominously crimsoned. The proprietor of the paper-mill, which was not a hundred yards from the loeoa of tha accident, was unremitting in hia. attention! to the wounded, aa were the memben of hia familj, all through the night; and during half of Obriitmu Day they were binding their wonndu quenching their thirtt, and pacifying their friends. Only at lunoheon could they meet to compare notes of their painful experiences. • This has been a fatal accident, indeed/ the millowner said. ' There are six>and*twenty bodies lying in the shed, four at the station, and one has died in the Oxford infirmary. Only six m yet are identified. The rest are entered in the list aa mere numbers. 1 Ah!' said a tearful wifely roice, ' there will be many miserable homes this Christmas.' " There is one fine old gentleman in the shed, resumed the millowner—'he U No. 11— ■who seems to be in the most pleasant sleep* The imilo upon his neble countenance affeota the onlooker to tears. It is awe*inspiring in its tranquillity." 'Poor fellow!'they all said. 1 Yei, [ should say he is an Australian,' the head of tho family continued. ' There is nothing that will lead to his identification at present but his purse and watch and hia clothing. So far as the police hare examined theae—and no examination can be complete till after the coroner and jury hare visited the shed—his linen is marked "B. P."' and his watch and some buttons bear the names of Brisbane trades* men. The purse is an old*fasbioned bit of blue silk netting.' A handsome matronly lady, whose care of the wounded had been unremitting, here rose from the table, pale, and trembling. 'Pardon me, dear friend,' the millowner aaid» ' I hare been too thoughtless in dwelling upon these horrors.' 'Take me to the shed,' she said huskily, pale as marble, bat suddenly composed, as if braced for the worst. The lunoheon table was hastily deserted, and the party, instinctively feeling that thia oates trophe was to come still nearer home, followed. The shed was a dismal house of call for anyone. There were a number of dark silent forms on the ground, each oorered with rugs and wrappers, which probably they had never owned* here a tear- strioken woman sought her husband, or husband drew back fearing that the next disolo sore would be his wife. The polios calmly con ducted the business of identification. The in* speotor made room for the millowner, who pointed so form No. 11. A oloak was reTerently withdrawn from the upper part, revealing faos and features that realised all that had been described. There was a low thrilling cry from • lady in the millowner's party, succeeded by a 1 hash through the entire shed. The lady knelt by the aide of the body, bent over the peaceful face, brushed back the iron-gray hair, and kissed the broad forehead. There had been many pain ful exhibitions of grief in that shed—stormy, despairing, and tearful—bat none like this mate eloquence of sorrow. The lady, after a pause of absorbing silence everywhere, rose from her knees, spread and smoothed her handkerchief over the face (which the spectators said had visibly deepened the sweetness of ite smile when her shadow over spread it), and drew up the heavier covering. As she walked away the superintendent touched the millowner. * Pardon me,' he whispered, 'do you know this gentleman P' pointing to No. 11. 'He is Bryee Parsons, of Swayne Downp, Queensland," the lady said, with marvellous calmness} adding, with quivering voice, over flowing eyes, and hands clasped aloft, M God be meroiful! He was Bryoe Parsons •he it not.' 'And the lady who identifies himf the officer asked, turning to a new page of his memorandum book. 'That is Mrs. Harper, of Swayne Court, Devonshire, at present a guest at my house/ •aid the millowner. 