THE NOVELIST. _ , THE CLOVEN FOOT. BY THE AuTíum of " LADY AUDLEY'S SECBET," ~ &c;, &c.; [Tho solo right of publication of " The Cloven Poof'Jias been purchased by tho proprietors of this journal from Miss Braddon.] CHAPTER XIII.-THE SETTLEMENT, Laura had been married a fortnight and a day, ' and the new year was just two weeks old. It was a very ailing and ungeniol year in thia infantine stage of its existence. There had bean hardly a day of pleasant weather since its birth, nothing but rain and sleet, and damp raw cold, and morn ing mists and evoniDg fogs. It was not a good, honest, old-fusluonud winter, such ao we read of in Btory books, and eujoy about once in a decade. It was simply obnoxious, ill-conditioned weather, characteristic ff no particular season. IG was just the day after tho anniversary of Jasper Treverton's death, and Tom Sampson was mediating in a lazy, comfortable way on his I osmer client, ii.s ho sat by the oihce fire sipping his tea, which he hud desired to ba brought to him in his den, as lie was so terribly busy. Ile had not dipped a pen iu the ink yet, and it was half-paBt 0 o'clock ; but 'it was not for Eliza Sampson to know this. Sho was always taught to believe that when he epont his evenings in the office he was working severely-" double tides," he called it. If Bhe caine iu to look at him she found him scratch ing away violently with a quill that tore shrieking along the paper like an express train rushing through a village station, and it was not for her to know that Thomas snatched up his pen and put on this appearance of industry when he heard ber gentle footfall at his door. Domestic life is made up in such small secrets. To-night Tom Sampson was in particularly lazy humour, ile was ¡'getting a rich man, not by large earnings but by small expenditure, and life, which is nn insoluble problem for many, woe easy for him ns one of those easy propositions in Euclid that seem too foolishly obvious to engage tho reasoning power of fho smallest schoolboy suchas-"if equals are taken away from equals the remainder is equal," and so on. Tom was thinking that he ought to think about marry ing. He was not in love, and naiver had been sinco he exchanged his schoolboy jaoket for a tail-coat, but he told himself that the time had come when be might prudently allow himself to fall in love. He would love not too well, but wisely. " Lizzie is a good girl, and she knows my ways," he said to himself, " but she's gettiug old-maidish, and that's a fault that will grow upon her. Yes decidedly, it is time I thought of a wife. A man's choice is confoundedly limited in such a hele as this. I don't waut to marry a farmer's daughter, though 1 might get a lino healthy young woman, and a tidy little bit of money and could please my self umong the agricultural class; but Tom Sampson has his failings, and prido is one of 'em. 1 should like my wife to bo acut above me. There's Celia Clare, now. She's moro the kind of thing I ehould fancy ; plump aud pretty, with nice, lively ways. I've had a littlo toa much of tho senti mental from poor Lizzio. Yes, I might do worse than mnrry Oelia, and I think she likes me." Mr. Sampson's meditations were interrupted nt this point by the sound of a footstep on the aloshy gravel walk outside his office door. There was a half- glass door opening ;from the passage, which was the formal npproaah for Air. Sampson's clients. Only his intimates entered by the garden door, and he was unable to imagine who his late visitor could be. . " Ten o'clock," he said to himself. " It must be something particular. Cid Pulsby has ' got another attack of gout in the stomach, perhaps, and wonts to alter his will. He always alters his will when he gets a sharp attack. The pain makes him so savage that it's relioE to him to disinherit Bomebody." Mr. Sampson speculated thus BS he undrew the bolt and opened the glass door. The man who stood before him was no messenger from old Pulsby but John Treverton, clad in a white macintosh, from which the water ran in little rills. " Is it yourself or your ghost V" asked Sampson, falling back to let his client enter. Tho question was not without reason. John Treverton's face was as white as his raiment, and the combined offoct of the palo, haggard face and the long white coat was altogether spectral. "Flesh and blood, my dear Sampson, I assure you," replied the other coolly, as he divested him self of bis macintosh, and took up his stand in front of the comfortable fire, " flesh and blood frozen to the bone." " I thought you were in the south of France." " It doesn't matter what you thought, you see I nm here. Yesterday put me in legal possession of my cousin's estate. I have come to execute the deed of settlement. It's all ready, of course." " It's ready, yea ; but I didn't think you'd be in such a hurry. I should have thought you would have stopped to finish your honeymoon." "My honeymoon is of very little importance compared with my wife's future welfare. Come, Sampson, look sharp. Who's to witness my Bigua tureP'' , " My sister and one of the eorvants can do that." "Call them iu, then. I'm ready to sign.'.' "Hadn't you better read the deed first P" i "Well, yes, perhaps. One cannot be too care- i ml, I want to he unassailable ns the summit of ] Mount Everest. You have taken counsel's opinion; and tho dead will hold water P" . " lt would hold the Atlantic. Your gift is so \ simple, that there would ho no difficulty in word- ¡ ing the deed. You give your wife everything. I i think you a fool, so did the advising counsel ; but that makes no difference" '"Not a whit." John Treverton fat down at the office table and read the deed of settlement from the llrst word to the last. Ho gave to his dear wife, Laura Trever ton, all tho property, real and personal, of which he stood possessed, for her sole and separate use. There was a good deal of jargon, but the drift of the deed was clear enough. ? " I am ready," said J oho. [ Mr. Sampson rang the hell for the 'servant, and shouted into the,passage for his sister. Eliza came running in, and at the sight of John Treverton's pale face, eoreamed, and made as if she would have fainted. ; "Gracious, Mr. Treverton," she gasped, "I thought there were oceans between us. What in mercy's name has happened ?" " Nothing alarming. I have only come to exe cute my marriage settlement, which I was not in a position to make till yesterday." " How dreadful for poor Mrs. Treverton to be left alone in a foroign land." John Treverton did not notice this speech. Ile dipped his pen in tho ink, and seized the paper, while Miss Sampson and Sophia, the housemaid, looked on wonderingly. " Sophia, run and get a pair of sheets aired, and get the spare room ready," cried Eliza, when she had ailixed ber signature as wituess. " Of course you are going to stop with us, Mr. Treverton?" " You are very kind. No, I must got away im mediately. I have a trap waiting to take me back to tho station. Ob, by the way, Sampson, about that money you kindly advanced to me. It must come out of the estate, somehow; I suppose you can manage that ?" r I "Yes, I 'thinkI can manage that," answered Sampson,' modestly. " Dó you want any further advance?" " No, the-estala belongs to my wife, now. I must not tamper with it." ; " Arid what's; hers is' yours of course. Well, I congratulate you with all;my heart. You are the luckiest fellow I .ever knew, bar none. A hand some fortune. What more can a man ask from fate?"' . "Not much,: certainly," said John Treverton, " but I must catch the last up- train. Good night." " Going back to Nice P" John Treverton did not wait to answer the ques tion. He shook hands hastily with Eliza, and ;dashed:out into the garden. A minute afterwards Mr. Sampson and his sister heard the craok of a whip, and the sound of wheels upon the high road. " Did you ever seo such- a volcanic individual ?" exclaimed the solioitor, folding up the deed of settlement. " I am afraid he is'not happy," sighed Eliza. ? " I am afraid he is mad ?" staid Tom. 