ITEMS OF NEWS. Considerable excitement was occasioned at Sunbury on Sunday morning, when tho early risers in that quiet township discovered that during the night the railway station had been visited by thieves, aud not only the station, but the safe and cash-box in the booking office. The telegraph wires, however, were not cut, nor was the rest of the hen. W. J. Clarke disturbed, so the Kelly gang were not charged with the of fence of stealing about £14, the proporty of Her Majesty's Government. On Sunday morning the safe was found opened, and near the aper ture in the side, there were marks of a chisel. As the safes now in use by the Railway depart ment are proof to everything except a chisel, and the noise occasioned by using this would be dis tinctly heard for some distance, it is not desir able at present to do more than record tho rob bery. The matter is in the hands of the detec tives, and will no doubt be traced. Whilst D'Arcy Read's Knight was watching his armour on Saturday night, Sen. Constable Nolan was watching in a stable the wholo night through, lying in wait to catch a swindler. It seems ' that during the early part of last week a respectably dressed man called at a well known hostelry, and obtained comfortable 'lodgings, sat down to a good bill of fare every day, and partook of tho choicest liquors. On Friday he wanted to purchase a horse, and having seen an animal at Lady Gully that suited him, ho di rected it to be brought to the hotel. . Mean while he obtained £1 os from the too obliging hostess, on the plea that he had to pay- that as a deposit. .He had his cheque book with him, but his funds were in Melbourne banks, and as tlie cheques had to go to' Melbourne first there must Be a slight "delay. " Although the constable watched' till dawn' it was " iii vain, the horse dealer not having since been heard of. Tne collector of the hospital acknowledges tlio sum of £2 2s from D. W. Williamson's threshing machine workmen, Guildford. A large bush fire was observed yesterday,, ap parently on the ridge to the oast of Mount Franklin, about which there is a good deal of cultivation. ' i Mr Kemp reports tho rainfall for week ending Saturday at Malmsbury as 0'06iu. ; Expedition Pass, G U4in. ; Barker's Creek, OTOiu. ; Sutton Grange channel, 0l3in., ' ;r An old man named Robert Short was ad mitted to the hospital yesterday afternoon, suf fering from a severe scalp wound; whioh. he re ceived while working at dam- making at Tarn- dale. . .... ; - Mr Blundell announces in another column that he is still carrying on the business of horse- slioer and 'genbral smith in the premises lately occupied by Manifold and Co. , in Hargreave- street. . 'Only one ' drunkard was called to account at the- police court yesterday morning, and from liaving' been ' in the' watchhouso since Saturday night it was considered he had sufficiently ex- jjiated' his 'b'ffehee. ' ; : ; " ' This miiier"' Jenkins, who got hurt "in the Anglo-Australian mine, was getting on favour- Ably 'yesterday afternoon. Leeches applied to the injured part where he was struck had a con siderable effect in assuaging the pain. . The following team will play a match with the Sandhurst Presbyterian choir at Sandhurst on Wednesday next : — Laver (2), Conn, Ryland (2), Conn, Bibby, Green (2), Grose, Muirhead, Kin- loch, Keast. The sun was again warm yesterday, and the thermometer (85 ) showed a higher reading than it has done for several days. Very little cloud was visible during the greater part of the day, and the barometer stood as high as 29 '70, thus giving no signs of a change. Mr D'Arcy Road packed up the ponderous apparatus which he uses for exhibiting ghosts, and took his departure with it for Sandhurst yesterday. His show was both a pleasure and a puzzle to the many persons who beheld it, and as is always the case, a few who knew tho prin ciple of Pepper's ghost professed they had found tho secret of Mr D'Arcy's substances and sha dows, but it is very questionable if any of these knowing ones were right. However, Mr Bow man, machinist of this office, who wont to soothe ghosts on Saturday night, at once hit upon the principle on which they were produced, and without loss of time he set about making a model, which oporatcs in the same manner as the appliances of Mr D Avcy Read, per formers, ghosts, and double figures being intro duced at pleasuro. The following is tho return of traffic on the Victorian Railways for the weok ending Gth March, 1879 : — No. of passengers, 124,053 ; corresponding date in 1878, 130,97!) ; passen gers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, £11,654 Ids 2d ; merchandise, minerals ancl cattle, £15,002 Gs 3d ; total for the weok, £26,656 16s od. Aggregate to this dato from 1st July, £568,983 Gs Gd. Weekly average 36 weeks, £23,805 Is lOd. Tho calls made during tho week at .Sandhurst amount to L1500 as against LG25 dividends de clared. Patrick Cumin, aged 24, whilo engaged in shunting on Saturday morning at Redfern, New South Wales, was jammed botween tho buffers and killed. By tho monthly return of quartz crushed by the Long Tunnel Co., Walhalla, 2874 tons, 17e\vt. ; amalgam, 4974-Joz. j, gold, 2295oz. 1 dwt. Quoen's Birthday,, Dunolly, yield for tho fortnight ending March 8th, is 072oz. of smelted gold. On Saturday the shank-bone of a human being, with a boot and sock attached, was washed ashoro at Nowcastle, near tho scene of the late boating accident. It is supposed to belong to Thompson, one of the occupants of tho boat. Tho Government havo at length offered a re ward for information relative to Elizabeth Far- rell, tho woman who has been missing from her home, 94 llokeby- stroet, Collingwood, since 5 p.m. on tho evening of Thursday, tho 12th Sep tember last. A reward of L50 will bo paid for any information leading to tho discovery of tho woman, and if murdered L50 additional for such information as will load to the conviction of the murderer or murderers. 'Tho following is the description of Mrs Farrcll : — Age 28 years, stout build, low size, auburn hair, and dark-brown eyes ; wore light-brown wincey dress with dcop fiouncc, black sliaiyl, white straw hat trimmed ( with black velvet. ! Tho congregation attending morning service at ' St. George's Church on Sunday was (says the Gcelong Advertiser) thrown into a slate of com motion by the sudden illness of tho Rev. A. J. Campbell. After the rev. gentleman had been preaching for twenty minutes, ho suddenly stopped, took a glass of water, then cried " Oh, I am done 1 " and fell back in the pulpit in a faint. Several members of the congregation rushed up to ihe pulpit steps and carried Mr Campbell into the vestry, where ho revived sufii- ciently to allow of his being removed to the manse. The service was brought to a conclusion by Mr Rolland, who offered a prayer. At nine o'clock at night Mr Campbell was much hotter ; his sudden bilious attack was not of a dange rous character. The complimentary farewell dinner given on Saturday evening, at the Victoria club, by the M.C.C. to the English cricketers, proved in every respect a success. His Excollency tho Marquis of Normanby was present, and made his first public speech in the colony. The guests numbered 140, and were truly representative of cricket and of Melbourne society. Lord Harris made an excellent, manly speech, which, though dealin" with some unpleasant topics, was so well conceived and so evidently the result of deep feeling, that it was received with unstinted ap plause. The dinner itself was admirable, amongst other dishes Lord Harris and his friends having the opportunity of tasting colonial venison. The buok from whioh the joint was cut, says the Telegraph, was shot in Tasmania by Mr Archer, of Longford, a noted stalker. One of the inventions which will bo shown at tho Launceston Industrial Exhibition, to be held shortly, is an improvement on a machine in vented by Mr R. Gardiner, and successfully used in California, termed a gold and tin saver. The apparatus, remarks the Cornwall Chronicle, has been known, when in uso, to extract rapidly from large quantities of poor wash very remu nerative returns, and which, otherwise, would not have paid for the sluicing. Not only is it said to be applicable to gold and tin alluvial, but also to concentrate sulphurets in quartz tail ings, much of whioh is found to contain consider able quantities of the precious metal. The ma chine requires a space of ten feet by eight feet, and can be moved by horse-power, steam, and even by hand. It is portable and easily set to work, and if successfully used will be instru mental in increasing dividends by making poor stuff pay. A young man, well known in Rutherglen, named Thomas Hodges (says tho Wahgunyah News) who has been many years in tho employ of Messrs Harris and Hollow, of the Great Eastern Extended Reef, near Rutherglen, and who has lately acted in the capacity of engine- driver for the same company, has been missing since last Tuesday evening. It was at first feared that he had by accident fallen down some of the deep shafts on his way home from Ruther glen at night, and search was made in all the shafts where it was considered that such an acci dent was probable, but without finding anything to justify the surmise. We are sorry , to write that rumours of a most painful nature are being freely circulated, and the disappearance is in creasingly regarded "its a guilty flight, in conse quence of tho discovery of tho clandestine dis posal of large amounts of gold, with which act the young man is supposed to be implicated. Tlie four bushrangers, Hobb, Jones, Gor man, and Kay, were fully committed nt the: Balranald Police Court on Saturday, to take their trial at Deniliquin on the 17th April on all: the counts in the indictment charging them: with highway robbery, shooting, &c.; The ar resting constables in their evidence gave the'; particulars of the exploits and capture of the gang, as already published, and Mr Casey, of Kilfera, who is a magistrate, and was present at the arrest of the men, spoke in high terms of tho bravery and energy displayed by Mr Day and Troopers Power and Beresford. The court was crowded during the hearing of the case, and when the inon had beenjeommittod the subject was freely discussed throughout the town. It is the general impression that the speedy capture of these rnon will have tho effect of damping the! ardour of others who may have felt a desire to; emulate tho daring deeds of the Kellys. An awfully sudden and melancholy death, states the Age, occurred at Maribyrong on Sat-: turday last. Mr S.S. Ritchie, the manager of tho Australain Meat Preserving Company's works was preparing to escort his family to the races at Flemington, when ho was seized with a sudden attack of giddiness, and just managed to get in side his residence when he expired. The de ceased gentleman was universally respected throughout the district for his integrity and per sonal worth. Ho was for many yeara connected with the Braybrook Shire Council, and as a justice of the peace won the esteem of all who came before his clear judgment and impartial manner. On Tuesday last he acted as returning officer for the election at Footcray, and although in delicate health appeared to be in bettor spirits than he had been for some time previously, and ho conducted tho business of the day at tho var ious booths as to call forth the highest encomi ums from both sides. Ho had suffered for a considerable time from pains in his head and neuralgia, but death is supposed to have re-' suited from disease of the heart. His loss has cast quite a gloom over the district, and will prove a severe blow to the company which he so ably managed, and in which ho was a largo shareholder. ' Wo, Argus, understand that information has been received from London to the effect that tendors for tho L3, 000, 000 loan are to bb opened on April 8, and that a pledge lias been given that no further loan shall he put on tho market for 18 months. Mr Berry is thus approaching very near the conditions suggested originally by the banks. More than throe months' interest will- have accrued when tho debentures are issued, so that Mr Berry's minimum is but little above tlie L96 suggested by tlio banks, and their condition in reference to further loans has been acceptod. With regard to the loan it mav be pointed out that the reduction of the amount to be borrowed from L5, 000, 000 to L3, 000, 000 will affect the monetary situation more materially than at first appears. About L900,000 of tho sum will go to the shareholders of tho Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, and of this amount L000,000 will require to be paid to English shareholders. Tho banks will require to bo recouped about L400,000, for which tlioy havo already drawn upon England, and a fur ther sum must romain in London for the pur chase of railway material. Tho Government, probably, will not have much more than LI, 500, 090 to their credit in Victoria, instead of L3, 500,000 as was anticipated. The Bondigo Advertisers' Laanocoorio corres pondent informs us that for some time past the farmers in that locality havo been subjected to grcatannoyanee by tlio visitations of a large eagle- hawk,' which appropriates to itself some of tho nicest of lambs and plumpest of ohickens to bo found in tho neighbourhood. Tho hawk was evi dently one of the most rapiaoiouB of its ' species, or else, being in so fair a neighbourhood, was not unmindful of the proverb which teaches that pro- vision should be made for rainy weather, for it sometimes carried off throe lambs in one j. Mr Glenn, of Blumba Park, had an exceedingly ciioice lot of lambs, which apparently tool? tno fancy of the hawk ; but tho profits woro mucn too small, and tho returns considerably too quick to suit Mr Glenn's idea of business. Accordingly he determined to put an end to tho connection it possible. A few days ago tho hawk appeared anu made off with a lamb almost from undor Mr Glenn's noso. After carrying tho animal about about three hundred yards, tlio bird dropped it to the ground and commenced to worry it to death. Mr Glenn, meanwhile, had harnessed _ a horse to his buggy, and started for the scone m company with a man armed with a gun. As tlio vehicle approached, tho bird How to a tall treo close by. Tho lamb was picked up and placed on tho back of tho buggy, and whilo tho eyes of the hawk wore intonly fixed on his prey, the man fired, and brought it tumbling to _ tho ground. On being picked up aftcrwads the bird was found to nicasuro bctwoen tlie extreme lips of tho wings 8 feet 9 inches. i Tlie persons who arrived at tho port of Mel bourne by sea during tho past week numbered 5G9. Of these 428 came from tho neighbouring colonies, 28 from the United Kingdom, 107 from Gallo, 2 from Calcutta, 1 from New York, 1 from Stockholm, and 2 from Burrard's Inlet. From a telegram in the Cornwall Chroniclo of | the 7th instant, we learn that at tho Criminal Sessions, Hobart Town, in the second Court, before His Honour tho Chief Justice, tho case against Joseph Farrell, Johnlrwin, James \Ve3t, and Robert Bakowell, charged with criminal as sault on Charlotte Harrison, in a shed in the rear of tho Lands and Works Office, on the 2nd January, adjourned from tho previous day, was proceeded with, and occupied tho court up to five p.m. The defence set up by Mr Bromby, Mr Alfred Dobson, and Mr Crisp, counsel for the prisoners, was that the statement of the girl was unreliable. His Honour tho Chief Justice oc cupied two hours in summing up the evidence for tho prosecution and defence. His address to tho jury was very impressive, and was consi dered somewhat against tho prisoners. Tho jury, after deliberating half an hour, returned a verdict of guilty against all the prisoners, with a recommendation to mercy on account of their youth. His Honour pronounced sentence of death on the whole four. Reference is made incidentally in the Bacchus Marsh Express to the removal of an officer from the Keilorroad station "in consequence of voting for Mr Harper." On the other hand Mr Reeves, state school teacher at Djorrimarsh Creek, is said to have " acted imprudently " on behalf of Mr Deakin, and no punishment secins to have fol lowed tho offence, while a Mr Naylor, a state school teacher who has been acting as reporter for Mr Deakin, has been rewarded by the charge of a school near Gisborne. Tho Bacchus March Express is not an Opposition paper, but it feels constrained to write : — " These facts may be cap able of explanation. We cannot constitute our selves prosecutor, evidence, and judge, but we know there, is ' something in it ' requiring ex planation, and we trust Mr Deakin will see the vital importance of not allowing our state school system to be tampered with either by school masters seeking to please the powers that be, or by those powers ivinkingat schoolmasters making it not inciting them to make, themselves useful at election times. Tho state schools are at the very heart, of our social existenco, and if political considerations are to govern the proniotionof head teachers they will soon govern the ipromotion of all grades, down to scholars aspiring to be pupil teachers, and in that way the wholo school at mosphere will be morally poisoned, and ulti mately the national character will be deteriorated to a degree not probable even under the Ameri can sj'stem of making all offices a matter of pat ronage and change at each Presidential elec tion." An extraordinary accident, attended with loss of life, has recently occurred in this neighbour hood. A farmer named Robert Kelly, living on tlio Jack's Creek, about four miles from Whit- tle3ea (says the Evelyn Observer) was found drowned in the Scrubby Croek by a lad named Pekin; It seems the boy went to the- creek 'to draw water, and saw the body in the water and mud, the water not beiiig deep. Kelly, it seems, left Whittlesea about half-past 8 on the evening of Fridayj :the'.28tK'ult,; 5 ho was siding very fast, us if his horse had got nway with hiin, was speaking to the horse' and trying to control him, and seeming to havo done so, no notice was taken of it, as Kelly was known in the neigh bourhood to be a very sober, steady, and industrious man ; but unfortunately tho horse must havo got the bettor of hira at last, and on coming to the bridge, which crossed the croek, must have either fallen or else run against the railing. Poor Kelly had a bad scalp wound, and had evidently lost a great deal of blood. From the position in which he was found, it is supposed lie must have rolled from the bank into the water, and being too much injured in the head to help himself, was smothered in the water and mud. A most melancholy circum stance attending this accident is the fact that de ceased had only two years ago buried his wife. Eight children, the eldest twenty-one years of age, lire left orphans. A magisterial inquiry on the 3rd inst. resulted in a verdict that the de ceased was found drowned, resulting from an ac cident caused by a fall from his horse. The Maryborough Advertiser reports : — A magnificent display of gold was to be seen at the Union Bank on Saturday, of close on 1200oz, purchased within the last eleven days, of the value of over £5000. It was inspected by a great number of people during the hour or two it was on view. If these yields continue, in a very short time wc ought to hear no more of dull times and depression. The amount is niado up of the following quantities : — Working Miners', 400oz ; Duke, 250oz ; Bismarck, 22Uoz ; Tele graph, llOoz; Carisbrook Consols, OOoz; sundry small parcels, 15Uoz; total, UOOoz. The gold was of all shades of colour, from bright, clear, golden yellow to black. The Bismarck is a beautiful sample, of fine clear uniform colour, and was matched by tho retorted cako from the: Telegraph. The Duke is slightly darker, the Working Miners' of a still duller colour, while: the Carisbrook Consols was almost black, and had the look of bright gold which had been electro-plated in bronze, and bungled in tho pro cess ; but, notwithstanding its appearance, it is. worth £4 Is 6d per oz. It is also by. far tho coarsest of all tho samples, being heavy and full of nice little nuggets. Tho Working Miners' was next in degree, having a considerable quan tity of finer gold, but is full of nuggets, many of them weighing several ounces. The Bismarck gold also shows many nuggets, whilo the Duke is exceedingly regular, and about tlio size of mid dling gravel. Tho following aro the particulars of the death of Peter Ferguson referred to yesterday as given at the inquest Thomas Bowon deposed that the deceased was a native of Glasgow, Scotland 59 years of age, and has been thirty years in this colony, and that they had been mates for tlie last three months in an alluvial claim held under minors' right at Perry's Load, Kamarooka. Ihoy sunk a shaft 25 feet deep, and drove nine feet, timbering whoro they thought it necessary. Deceased and witness went to work in tho mino on Friday morning, and loft it at noon all safe. After dinner witnoss put in two props, and after tho deceased had finished pointing picks ho wont bolow, and witness advised him to put in a prop for which lie had prepared tlie eap-pieco, but de ceased said he thought it was safe for a while and commenced knocking down the washdirt. At that timo witnoss was working nine or ton feet in the drivo, deceased being nearer the shaft. In about half-an-hour he heard deceased savin " pull mo out " aud on turning round witness saw that a mass of earth had fallen from tho roA of tlio drive on to deceased's body, only his los co3T ,ot,,beinS abl to extricate de- ceased, he went to the surface, and Messrs Pear- sou, Halpin and Moms, wore quickly on the spot and in about a quarter of an hour, tho earth was cleared from deceased, and his dead body re moved to tlie surfaco. To tho jury : lho ground fell in from tho roof in a largo flake, -and about four feot from tho last prop that had been put in. About two tons foil on deceased. Win. Pearson, a miner deposed to being callod by tho previous witness to assist in oxtricating tho deceased, and on going below ho found the earth had fallen from tlio roof on to the upper portion of deceased s body. 