Rough Notes from Our Clairvoyant Reporter. ECCLESIASTICAL DIFFICULTIES AND MY LORD BISHOP'S TROUBLES—PAST AND PRESENT. Very general attention now being given to the question of Ritualism, our Clairvoyant Reporter has laid himself out to catch floating inspiration and the very mixed ideas prevalent, and has furnished us with the following:— THE BISHOP'S SOLILOQUIES. Dated, Church Office, Jan. 16,1869. Since the issue of letters patent by H.M.G. Majesty in 1847, appointing me to this diocese, and giving me pastoral authority over all Clergymen of the Church of England within it, I have unceasingly labored to build up the Church, and have thus far succeeded in laying my foundations despite a crippled condition of finance, the severance of old ties between the Church and State (depriving us of the prestige which properly belongs to our Order), and, in the absence of endowments, the necessary dependence upon voluntaryism, which my people have neither understood nor appreciated. So far all has gone as well as could have been anticipated. I have around me a devoted and orthodox clergy, and a fairly contented people, save only these seat-holders in the congregation of St. Paul's Church, at the Port. They have sent these memorials, the one complaining of material alterations in the mode of conducting Divine Service made by the Rev. S. Green, to which the memorialists take conscientious objection, and praying me to "direct" dis continuance; and the other from seat-holders supporting the forms introduced, they having received the sanction of the great majority of the Bishops and Prelates of the Church of England, as tending to edification according to their judgment, and not in any way contrary to the Canons and Rubrics of the Church of England. It is evident that I must proceed warily, neither to offend one nor the other of these parties, nor to create scandal or disaffection. Methinks I will first define my legal powers, that there may be no going beyond nor behind any hasty or indiscreet dictum: here come in my Letters Patent arid compact of the Clergy to submit to my Episcopal authority. So it will be plain to them I nave the right to appease diversity and resolve doubts, taking care to make no order contrary to the Prayer Book. I will try to distinguish between alterations repugnant and those neither ordered nor prohibited. Let me see : what are the alterations complained of— 1—Omission of the prayer before the sermon. 2—Turning to the Communion Table at the Belief. 3—Bowing of the head on every occasion of the mention of the name of Jesus Christ. 4—Kneeling, at the Communion Table at the time of receiving the Communion, with bach to the people. 5—Omission of the Grace after sermon, on the days of celebration of the holy Communion. On the first, Mr. Green has conformed to the wishes of the congregation; and, having signified his readiness to comply with my directions, I will direct him to discontinue the practice of turning to the Communion Table when saying the Creeds; I will admonish him for peace sake and to avoid giving offence to make reverence when saying the Creeds, but not to think it obligatory at every mention of the name of Jesus Christ in the same service; I will direct him to change his practice No. 4; and I will suggest as to the latter point. Now that worry is over; but I can foresee many difficulties from the scattered settlements, and the limited number of my Clergy. Fortunately they are honest and true men, with evangelical views of truth, and who preach it in sincerity. Dated, Bishop's Court, Oct. 1879. Age is creeping on me fast, and I had hoped that ere I gathered up my feet I should have left my beloved Church in this colony flourishing prosperous, and influential—its unity and its effectiveness a proverb. But troubles come in sue cession. The difficulty of providing Clergymen I have endeavored to meet, watching carefully the spirit of the times ; and I have introduced zealous young priests who are interpreting the modern revival of religious life called Anglicanism The Church has numbers of adherents, whofollow obediently the modern teaching; but Church men of the old school are wrathful and suspicious And, more lamentable still, the Church is daily losing its hold on the masses. There is no charm to their intelligence in public religious services and they have lost the old sense of reverence to the faith and its embodiment in a ritual that appealed to the senses and controlled the outward display of the passions ... The complications are increasing. Moulden, a good worthy man in his way, but holding very "low " views, has taken exception to my Chaplain's favorite little book ... Must admit Elcum is singularly indiscreet. Mem. to admonish him ... And then Mr. Green must needs preach sermons on special features of the Prayer Book, with an Anglican interpretation, winch that plaguey Editor of the News must go out of his way to publish. Then those worrying letters; next in rushes that mistaken enthusiast, J. B. Hughes, who goes about like a firebrand and ventilates his old grievances, whilst Scott and O'Halloran (who ought to know better) support him, and last, but perhaps most of all, Judge Boucaut seizes the opportunity to add another thrust to the many that he has indulged in during the last five-and-twenty years—this time about Stanford and St. Peter's College. . A pretty peck of troubles for an old man to encounter ... Whilst these men fight singly I can oppose them succesfully; but I'm doubtful, if they succeed in organizing, what may be the effect on the Church's position and interests. And Boucaut could be managed whilst squabbling about St. Luke's as a private member of a congregation; but now the case is different: he is keen enough, and I am afraid wicked enough, to assist even to the dissolution of Synod and disintegration of Synodal power that I have spent so many years in concreting. As I think of that, it becomes a grave consideration in my mind whether any judgeship should be conferred upon a man whose authority is open to suspicion. If a man have not the guiding principles of the Christian faith, what absolute certainty can there be as to his integrity and the safety of his decisions? I know there was poor Hanson, who was very unorthodox, but then see the grandeur of his moral nature! Recurrence to the disintegration of Synod, a host of recollections crowd up. Even now the ghost of poor Ibbotson confronts me; peace to thy ashes! I meant thee well, but was puzzled by conflicting elements. Where will it all end, I wonder? The signs of the times are threatening a total renunciation of the claims of the Church, and refusal of any authority to her spiritual overseers. Alas! and alack! 