PARLIAMENT OF VIC10RIA. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (from our. 0w3t correspondent.) MeIjR iurnk, Tuesday Evening. Ia the Legislative Council, Mr. Lalier touehe was examined at the liariti reference to the retul'n of dismissals anil appoint ments in the Railway Department, which is alleged to be inaccurate. Mis explana tion was not satisfactory to all lion-, mem bers; and Mi:. Anderson grtve notice that lio would niovc foL1 aii amended fetitrn of all persons appointed or dismissed, receiving more than seven shillings per day. After Mr. Guthbert had moved the second reading of the Stamp Tax Bill, Mr. Sladen moved an amendment for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into the practice of the Imperial Parliament in rela tion to such bills. The amendment was carried, and a committee was appointed consisting of the President, and Messrs. Sladeiij Hearnj Cuthbertj Anderson) Ssr goed, and itobsoh; The House then adjourned until next day. In the Assembly, after some unimpor tant preliminary business had been dis posed of, Mr. Gaunson gave notice that on the motion for the third reading of the Reform Bill being proposed, he would move that it be read that day three months. The House having gone into committee on the Constitutional Act Amendment Bill, Mr. Berry moved a new clause, to re place clause 6, as follows :— "Notwithstanding the rejection of an Annual Appropriation Bill, or of a Con solidated Revenue Bill by the Legislative Council, and in the event of such rejection, then on the adoption by the Legislative Assembly of any repoi't ftom the Com mittee of Supply, containing a resolution that any sum be granted to Her Majesty, j suc!i j sum shall become legally available for and app] table to the service, or purpose mentioned in such resolution and may be issued accordingly out of the consolidated revenue, anything in t'te 5;>th section of the Constitution Act to the contrary not withstanding, provided always that the rejection of any such bill may be held to have taken place for the purposes of this section upou any such bill not having been passed by the Legislative Council within onn month after its transmission from the Legislative Assembly unless Parliament be sooner dissolved or prorogued." Mr. Berry, in support of the clause, con tended that it contained 110 greater claims than had been always asserted by tho Legislative Assembly; and asserted only rights and privileges equivalent to thoss of the House of Commons, while the clanse was absolutely necessary to prevent dead locks. Mr. Gillies, in a telling speech, con tended that the claims made, went far be yond those of the House of Commons. He felt satisfied that the bill had not the ghost of a chance of'becoming law. A. lengthy discussion ensued, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Mr. Lalor, and others defend ing the clause, Sir John O'Shanassy, Messrs. Casey, and Kerferd, and others opposing it. At ten minutes past 11 o'clock, the Com mittee divided, with the following result: —Ayes, 3G; noes, 35. Majority in favor of the clause, 1. The result was received with loud cheers from the Ministerial benches, and with counter cheers from tho Opposition benches. The division list is as follows :—Ayes— Sir Bryan O'Loghleu, Messrs. tSarr, Jjwi, Berry, Billson, 'Bowman, D. Cameron, A. T. Clark, W. M. Clark, Cook, B. G. Danes, D. M, Davies, Dixon, Fincham, Grant, Sunt, Johnstone, Langridge, Longmore, Laurens, Pearson, Mirams, Niin/no, O'Hea, Patterson, Pees, lliehardson, ^Salisbury, L. L. Smith, Major Smith, F. L. Smyth, Story, Tucker, Tytherleigh, Woods. Noes —Sir John O'Shanassy, Messrs. Baylcs. Bent, Bird, Blackett, Bosisto, Bropby, B. H. Cameron, Carter, Casey, E. Clark (Sandhurst), R. Clark (Wimmera), Cooper, j)ow, L'Vancis, Fraser, Gaunson, Graves, Gillies, Harper, Iverferd, Kernot, Mackay, MacBain, M'lntyro, Madden, Ramsay, Sargeaut, Sharpe, A. K. Smith, R. M. Smith, Williaras, Young, Zo.w Pairs Messrs. Lalor, Ferguson and Pearson. Against—Messrs. Service, Orr and Dnfly. The House shortly after adjourned. TrfAXKs. — Tlte iion. tretainer uf the Ladies' Benevolent Society, be«s to ackuuw ledge with thanks a parcel of clothing it'uui Mrs. Hiiriy. a x"° The Bcudi'to A d cor fixer write.a,juand ! affiliation cast', .Tuiia Mary M' ai uio against J. B. Londan, was called on ^ Poiice Court yesterday, and in conse'l11 w of the absence of the plaintiff's golicito1'' adjourned till Friday next at 11 o'^0^ Mr. Strickland, who appeared oxtemp0'0 the plaintiff, stated that Ellen Treniayo Do Lacy Eva.is) had been supajeiiaud as witness, but declined to attend. The police mugisiraje remarked that as tho aciiou ivas on the civil side of tho court, the witness5 attendance could not bo compelled. 