THE THEATRES, ETC. By "Adagio," A change was effected by Messrs. Baker and Farron at the Theatre Royal on Satur- day night, by the removal of " Conrad and Lisette" and the substitution of "Lisa "bOMjBs iub piece auGL tin 6 cn&ractera; as- samed by the two principals arc so well known that it is not .necessary te say more than that the jokes, and songs met with abundant favour at the hands of the audi ence. At the Opera- house, on Saturday night, there was given the first presentation of Byron's comedy, "The Girls." It would be hard to imagine a more diffijulfc and delicate task than that undertaken by Mr. Byron when he wrote " The Girls." It had to follow " Our Boys," which, la its extraordinary vitality, and certainly " un precedented success, may fairly claim to be the most popular comedy ever written, With his reputation as a playwright to maintain, he was bound to produce a work equal in attractiveness, and it can be under stood that he must have set about his labours with much natural trepidation, when the value and importance of the inte rests at stake presented themselves to his con sideration. " The Girls " is admittedly inferior in dramatic interest to " Our Boys," and the dialogue is hardly so per fect. Like history, Mr. Byron repeats him self, and in " The Girls" we find bim flashing before our eyes sparks of his bright wit and double entente , which only seed originality to dazzle with their radiance. Iu christening his new bantling, too, he has not bedn so expressively happy, for in "Our Boys " we havo the two heroes, while in " The Girls" the principal female characters are subsidiary ones, and are overshadowed by the more pretentious parts of Plan- tagenet G. Potter and Tony Judson. On the other hand "The Girls "has, like "Our Boys,", a purely doraeBtlo story, and it therefore appeals to the same class of feel- lugs ; the characters are sketched with the same bold sharpness of outline, and painted with the same freedom of colour. We 'have in effective contrast a gentleman and a cad, and we are shown, in modern fashion, the advantages of marriages for love versus alliances for money. But when we find a nobleman imported into the comedy for the express purpose of playing the part of a Good Samaritan, and not having any direct connection with the story or its actors, we are constrained to think that Mr. Byron has sacrificed consistency cf art to a desire to appeal to those responsive emotions of sym pathy most easily reached. Again, when we hear Judson (one of the girls' husbands) say of Potter (the other husband) that he is, after all, "not a bad sort of fellow" — although h is prefiented tlu»ughout as a vulgar mid wholly deiMft'be!, fhg/brotaJ; to his .wife and all around him in his pro sperity, lrritatiogly tumble and servile In his adversity— we oannot help but think that it would have been more artlBtio to have shown that -there were re deeming traits In his character, than merely to express an opinion to that effect. "The Girls" and "Stage Struck" have been played all the week to very excellent houses. A change of importance took place at the Academy of Music on Saturday night - For the first time in its history "Our Boys" was produced. "The house was crowded to excess." The leading partB of the Butterman and Mary Melrose were taken by Mr. Horace Lingard and Miss Alioe Lingard, and as neither missed an oppor tunity of enhancing the effectiveness of parts with which their names are so plea- , santly identified in this country, it can be comprehended that they afforded ample en joyment to the visitors. Mr, Herbert Flemming appeared as Talbot Champneys. I am almost sure that Mr. Flemming has not undertaken the character previously, and, therefore, regarded as a new interpre tation, I am bound to give him credit for a rendering based upon an intelligent appro bation of the idiosynoraoies of the Dun- style of individual represented, dreary - Have been a suspicion of broad - There might --option, but you detected ness about his assn saw the reality of the gentleman, and ewu, waB aQ ex. the impersonation. Mrs. ooldridge oeilent servant girl, and Mrs. >» „ eys, an eqtially good Clarissa Champ. "H.MS. Pinafore" was played after "Our Bo vs." and has been so plaved durinn the —w ca week. Encouraged by the success of the first series of matintes musicals, Mdlle. Alioe Charboimet inaugurated last Saturday after noon thesecond series of the same kind, before >.his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby and suite, and an audience of connoisseurs that filled Mr. Glen's pretty music-hall. The scheme embraced nine numbers, the first and ninth consisting of the two portions of a string quartet,- No. 1, by M. Caron. As an example of excellent composition, the quartette deserves high praise, for, apart from its fiuenoy and melodiousness, the sub ject matter is conceived in the spirit of a true artist. The themes are exceedingly graceful, the aooompanimentB tuneful, and the harmonies rich, some of the modula- , tions bring delightful to listen to. The executants were M. Caron and Messrs, Edward King, Ernest. King, and A. Montague. Mdlle. ..Charbonnet played four piano solos, the opening one, Chopin's " First Ballade," being a most intricate but beautifully delicate piece of work. Iu Thalberg's familiar fantasia ou " The Last Rose of Summer," she afforded ample evidenoe of exceptional power over the manual. Two tiny works by Sebastian Bach exhibited her capability for the inter pretation of the severely classic style to I much better effect than was anticipated by those who claim that Mdlle. is not a clas sicist. The most important, and most beau tiful item on the programme, waB Weber's second oonoerto for piano, two violins, viola, cello, and contre-bass, two movements only, the adagio and rondo preBto, being played. M. Caron gave as a violin solo Leonard's " Souvenir de Haydn" — an introduction with theme and variations on Haydn's hymn " God Preserve the Emperor." The execu tion was quite up to M. Caron'a usual high standard, and afforded his hearers very much enjoyment. Miss O'Brien sang two songc — "It was a dream" (Co wen) and "I seek for thee in every flower," a rather too familiar number. As accompanist and conductor, Mr. Julius Herz made his ser vices valuable. The next mab\n6e will take place to-day. St. George's-hall continues to be visited by large numbers of admirers of Professor Pepper's lecturing talents. On Saturday evening last the very instructive illustrated lecture which the Professor delivered nightly during the preceding week waB with drawn, and substituted by his first illusory entertainment. As soon as the curtain was drawn up, there was presented a taste fully draped recess, extending the entire depth of the stage, and upon, which a soft blue light was thrown. Mr. Pepper, jun., then walked to the footlights, and apologised for the unaccountable absence of his father, whom h8 had never known to disappoint an audience before. Everyone present began to feel some little anxiety dt to whether the Professor would appear, but a moment after wards a telegram was brought upou the stage stating that Mr. Pepper would be pre sent without fail. Just then his voice was heard, and upon the eyes of the audience being directed to the centre of the stage, the form of the Professor was seen emerging gradually from nothing. He then an mmnced that this was the illusion which he first produced at the Poly technic in London seventeen years ago, under the title of " The Ghost," and from the price of admission to which he very shortly netted the handsome sum of £12 000. This portion of his entertain ment he called " The Modern Metempsy chosis." He then proceeded to show how Ba&quo;'s ghest could be represented realistically upon the stage. The lights were earned down, and as the Professor commenced speaking the lines, "Avannt and quit my sight ; let the learth hide thee. .Thy hones are marrowfats," the ghost of Banqno seemed to grow out as it were from nothing, and to issue from the re oesB towards the footlights, finally retieating again, and fading into the same mysterious emptiness from whioh it came. The illusion was certainly marvellous, and created quite a sensation, the audience testifying to the complete manner in which it was performed by applauding loudly. Following this was shown another strange wonder, called the "Portrait Limner," embraoing a peculiar optical effect. By the aid -of an instrument worked from the body of the hall, -there was shown on the -large soreen the shadow of a hidden hand traoieg in outline the portraits, first of Lord Beaoonsfieid, and next of the Hon Graham Berry. Both were truthful likenesses, espeoialiy that -of the latter gentleman, which, with its sugar - leaf-shaped head, was instantly recog- nised from its resemblance to those of the same individual rendered so faithfully in launch. After these were shown on the large Boreen a number of miorosoopic views of textile fabrics, seotions of woods, butterflies' wings, and insects, iu regard to whioh muoh useful information was gathered from the Professor's clear and simple remarks. The entertainment was then brought to a conclusion by even a more startling illusion than any whioh had preceded, the Professor undertaking to. place a man in the rebess, and out of him to produce what he termed the most beautiful work of the Creator — woman. Accordingly one of Mr. Pepper's assistants took up a position there, and in a second or two afterwards his form melted away, and that of a lady ap peared in its place.' That the lady waB corporeal was proved by her singing, in a very charming manner, the popular song "Sing, Sweet Bird," and by afterwards bowing her acknowledgments in the person of Miss Aliee Wool ridge. This lady then, in company with the professor, went back to the recess, when both forms at once seemed to vanish into nothing. The same entertainment has been presented ail the week. The Professor gave a matinee performance on Wednesday for the colleges and families, the hall being crowded on the occasion. The second matinte, for State sohools, will be held to-day. There will be a ohange of programme this evening. This (Saturday) evening a concert will be given by Mr, Plaisted in the Town-hall,, having for its ebjeet, in common with many other benevolent schemes, the alleviation of the distress which at present prevails in and around Melbourne. Mr. Piaisted haB asso ciated with him a number of lady and gentle- u artists of repntation, who have most 'sly given their services. These iu- ' 1 A l)na O. Ua«llAn UTIMH T> am!M M olaae Ros.Iy Meiz, Mrp. Cutter. U»r»udini, -«eSBrB. AI£red Fotd w. Signer £ B. T. Moloney, A. Staker, BettonStjrtu. Curti8 p Mo'n S. Lamble, Julius Siede, Hi v T t> tague, E. A. Jager, A. Mosfe 'George Edeson, Chas. Sykes, Otto Vogfr, v Peake, W. Hunter, and the Mribcu Liedertafel. His Excellenoy theGoveraor will be the patron. The programme is a good though lengthy one. 