LORD HARRIS AND THE AUSTRALIAN. CRICKETERS. Referring to the dispute which took place between Lir.J Harris and the Australian cricketing team in Sydney, a correspondent writes to the 1'all Mall Biulact as follows — " A most unfortunate piece of misbehaviour on the par: of the crowd ut one of the chief matches plbvml by the English eleven in Aus tralia baa completely marred what ought to have been in every respect o pleasant tour. It appears irotu Lord Harris's letter to Mr. I V. E. Walker, printed in the JJail;/ Tulei/raph, timt in the second innings of the Australian eleven in the return match at Sydney the mob objected to the decision of the professional umpire employed by the English eloven. At that time the Australians wero apparently losing ; and tho player (Mr. Murdoch), who was run out, was a great fuvourite, and hnd bosidos made the leading score and carried his bat in the first innings. Those of the English eleven in the best position to see are of opinion that the umpire's decision - as right. But, whether right or wrong, no previous objec tion had been lodged against the utnpiro; there wns no reason to suppose thut he had i wilfully given a wrong decision in this case ; and clearly the man ought to have gone i quietly out. Instead of this a great distnrb- I ance arose, in the course of which some of the < English players were very roughly handled ; I and, what was still more unfortunate, the New ' South Wales cnptaiD, Mr. Gregory, does not I seem to have behaved very well. Now of course, we only have the story of the aggrievod i party ; but after tbo exceptionally cordial and 1 generous mannor in which the Australians ( were received on their visit to this oountry, the greatest pains should certainly have been taken to protect our players, who derived no profit from their matches, against outrage and insult. If tho idea of tho ' betting men," who are stated to have been foremost in this un- seemly row, was that the professional umpire in common iangnage, had been 'squarod,' Mr. Gregory, at any rate, must havo known how utterly monstrous such a notion would appear to the Englishmen ; and he ought at once to havo used his influence and that of the rest uf the eleven to calm tho excited mob. No such steps seem to have been taken ; and if this was so, the Australians wero very much to blame. At the sarno time, rmo does not see what good purpose is served by a recent letter written by a well-known cricketer, aud printed in tho Dally T<fijijraak. Its ono object seemed to bo to abuso tho Australian eleven who carno fo England last year. That they may have mado mistakes is quile possible though lirtlo was heard of them at tbo time; that tbey wero lucky enough to make money I is certain. But in tho main thoy behavod well ; and had they not been so successful at first, thoy certainly would not havo paid thoit expenses. At any rate, these matters have . nothing to do with this disturbance at Sydney. | A Sydney mob has hereditary qualifications | for blackguardism and ii L very unlikely I that tho 'larrikins' whoso shamefully mis- I behaved themselves wci-'.d havo shown better i feeling u the eloven whose Success they desired ! to prevent had corno from a neighbouring j colony instead of from England. Tho grave I point in the affair is the action of tho Australian ! Eleven and tho respectable people on the ground.1' ! A treaty of commerce lias been concluded . | between England and Sorvia. i Professor Pepper, of "Ghost" fame, is coming j out to Australia with a new mystical illusion. I rfenntebury, the manufacturer of an electric : apparatus, brought an action for libel against ! J the London Tim?, because that journal stated i ; that tho experiments for lighting gas larnns i by electricity was a failure, and the jury gave ! a verdict for the defendants. The editor of the Onlre has been fined 50"f.. ' j nnci sentenced fo eight days' imprisonment i for falsely stating that the refugees who j landed nt Brest hud cried out, " Vivo la Com mune. It is publicly stated that the Russian police are secrotly leagued with Nihilists. Tho chief of tho department at Odessa, Colonel Anatoff, hns been dismissed tho service. No less than fourteen murders are reported as having been committed in England during the latter end of March aud beginning of April. In tbo accounts of some of tbeso crimes the details are horrible. A warder at St. Mary's convict prison at Maidstone has just come into a fortune of £lU0,000 under the will of his grandfather. Tbo Duke of Norfolk has subscribed .£20,000 towards tho orection of a new Roman Catholic Chnrch on the site of the present Oratory at Bromptou. It is stated in diplomatic circles, iD St. Petersburg, that the reception of Lord Dufferin at that court is something far more than merely complaisant ; it is unaffectedly hearty. Not only the Czar, but his Chancellor Gorts- cliakofT also, has been ostentatious in friendli ness towards the new English Ambassador. From a statement issued by the authorities of the IBank of England, it appears that in 1840 the amount deposited at the variou banks was £100,000,000 sterling, whereas it is at the present time estimated at £600,000,000 sterling, A Japanese mission has just arrived in Paris, and is remaining at the Grand hotel. It is composed of General Kawazi, chief of the Japanese police ; M. Onoda, director-general of prisons, and a numerous staff" of officials and servants. Rumours are again afloat as to the coming marriage of King Alfonso. Tbe three candi dates tnontioned as likely to be tbo future Queen of Spain, are an Austrian archduchess, a daughter of the Count de Paris, Bnd the daughter of the Kiog of the Bolgiaus. Tho French Cabinet have decided on keeping up the river front of the Paris Exhibition main building, togetbor with tho gardens, while tho rest of the site will again become a drill. ground. One of the most distinguished of English I generals writes home from the Cape, .that it is ! a great mistake to imagine that two English- I men are eqnal to three Znlus. The Zulus ho | says are not well armed, but the desperate j courage they showed at Isandnla has never j been surpassed. j A novelty iu tho form of athletics will i shortly be given at Lillie Bridge. Tt will 1 consist of a ladies' gymnastic festival. Thero ' will be foot-races, leaping, climbing poles ! and ropes, performances on the parallel burs, gyrations on the horizontal bar, fencing, and: oxercises with Indian clubs. ! The two sons of Lord Loftus will accompany I him to Sydney, bis eldest son, Mr. Henry J. Loftus, being his private secretary. It is said I that his lordship is related to Sir Hercules ! Robinson, although, strange to say, tbey have never met. ! Aftor the athletic sports of the 'JOth Light I lufantry (with Wood's column) at Camp j Zambnla, the regiment subscribed £126 for j the widows nnd orphans of tho men of tho 24th Regiment killed at Rorko's Drift and Isandnla. Professor Andreseo, the celebrated chess player, died at Breslau on the 14th March He was the winner of the first prizo at the international chess tournament of 1851, beat- j ing Mr. Staunton ; and he also won tho first I prize at the tournament in connection with I the Paris International last year. One of tho most extraordinary whirlwinds ever known has just passed over a placo called Piwniezua, on tho Galician-Iiungarian frontier. The roofs of some of tho houses wero lifted bodily off, and whirled half a mile awuy, and beams wore carried like straws before the blast. Tho Ih'.rliii Post, referring to the attitude of the Duke of Cumberland, states tbat tbe Duke's friends must accustom themselves to regard his claims bom to Hanover and Brunswiok as possessing no prospect ot fulfilment. An exciting scene occured in a music hall at Birmingham lately. One of the attrac tions was the appearance of a " shootiDg star," a boy of about ten years of age whose per formance is similar to Zazel's iu London, con- fisting in his being shot into a net followed by a sheet of fire. The apparatus failed to work properly, aad tbe lad had a piece of lesh blown or torn clean ont of his thigh. The largest merchant vessel in the world, with the exception of tbe Great Eastern, was aunched from the yard of Messrs. Elder at alasgow, on 10th March. She haB been $ built for the Guion line of Atlantic steamers. Her length is 455 feet, breadth 56 feet, dopth 374 feet, tonnage 5500, and horse-power 6000\. She was named by Lady Aloxandor tho Arizona in tbe presence of thousands of spectators. Dr. Phillips has recovered from tho South Railway Coinpauy £7000 damagosas compen sation for an accidont which happoned to him whon travelling on that company's lino. The plaintiff had two ribs broken, and his spine was injured. Dr. Phillips -has sinco moved for a new trial oil the ground thnt the damages given were altogether inadequate. He stated that his income for some years amountod to over £7000, independently of fees, one of which amounted to 5000 guineas. The Court granted a rule nisi. Tho pilot cutter Ediuburgh, having on board twelve pilots belonging to Dover and a crow of eight men, was run down off Dangon- ness early on tho morning of tho 14-th March by tho .Severn, a screw steamer trading between Loudon and Quebec, nnd ten of the pilots and five of the crow wero drowned. At tho timo of tho collision it was nearly day light, aud the cause of the catastropho is not explained. An action lor libel was commenced in the Queen's Bench against tho Rov. P. Ahier, rector of Glalr.dalo, Yorkshire, for saying, in his parish reading-room, that ho did not thank those friends who had Bent tho Police Xencs and tho hoc:c. He would nuf say which had tho higher moral tone, but he did not think either of thorn was fit for the tables of a respectable societv. The proprietors of tho Rock suo for £100 damages. The case occu pied two days, and the jury gave a verdict for the plaintiffs, with £25 damages. A murder was committed at Bolton on tho night of the -fill April. A married womau named Mather, omploysd at tho Albert Inn, Derby-street, had ever since her marriage, seventeen veers ago, been annoyed by tbo attentions of a former lover named Cowper. On Monday night, bearing that she was going to a ball iu celebration of St. Patrick's day, Cowper met, her on the way, and as she insisted upon going in spite of his opposition, he stabbed her twice in tbo forehead, aud aftorwards cut her throat. She died at tho infirmary at noon on tho following day. Cowpor waB taken before the magistrates, and committed for trial on a charge of murder. William Habron, who was couvicted of tho murder at Whalley Rnnge of the policeman whom Peace coufessod that he had shot, has been released from Portland Prison, and left for Ireland, accompanied by ono of his brothors. A sum of money granted him as compensation has beou invested for his use in the names of tho Bishop of Salfoivi and of his late employer, Mr. Deakin. Mr. Deakin, at tho request of tho Home .Secretary, took charge of tho released prisoner iu ordor to prevent his falling into the hands of agitators. Several offers were made for him to uppoar in publio. Tho judge who tried hiui, and tho law officers of the Crown, are said to be quite satisfied of Habron's innocence. A subscrip tion has been opened for the throo brothers, who, it is said, wore put to groat oxpoDso by ho trial . Several mombex's of the English aristocracy won prizes in the great French lottery. One lady, well known at Court, who held five tickets, won three prizes, and at least a dozen houses io Belgravia have been enriched by works in bronze, Baccarat glaBs, faience ware, etc. Ooe lady at Sonth Kensington, who hold four tickets, had the remarkable good fortune to win a prize with each. Aftor a short timo longer, the unclaimed prizes will be sold. 