THE SECRET OF THE WHITE OHEST. IT WAS just the house I wanted. la size and situation it Baited me exootly, as the phrase ROCS, literally down to the ground. Pacing Hyde-parlc, and placed back from the high-road, with nothing in front of it battho broad strip ol garden belonging to the temoe in which it utood, and tho open stiotch of turf ontl trcou, it waa tho very abodo for a London aeason, It'a rent, too, v/ftH extremely moderate; it ma in Bound repair; drainage without 11 flaw ; fixtures, furniture, find daoorationa in tho boat taste j the owner only desiring to lot it occasionally, bnaauso ho wont away from town oaoU opriug. Why, then, did I heoitato to take it? Why did everybody houitato to tako it ? For the last seven yoar« find nioro it lmd never boen let, AU'tho houHo-agouta at tho Woat-Knd had had it in band one after another. The terms had been reduced oaoh season that it eame into the market, and still there wati no fiuding a tenaut for it. Everybody who went over the house was ohaimed with it, The entrance boing in tho rear, nil tho boot rooms had a delightful southern aspeot; and goiug up from floor to floor on their first visit of inspection, everybody grew moro delighted the higher they got, The apartments in creased in ohoerfulnoss, if not in size, the outlook from tho windows bsoame more exteneivo and airy, whilst, whon one reaohed the top storey, and ascended by a narrow stair on to the loaded flat roof, with a high baluo trade running round it, tho view was, as the honse-agents expressed it, "quite unique," Nevertheless, everybody having reaobed the roof, and having looked round for a minute or two, descended with a Arm deter mination not to tube tho house, How what was the reason? It was not haunted, no ghosts had ever boon soon, or mysterious uoises heard-auoh things were never hintod at. Thero was nothing about it in appear ance like the gloomy, forbidding mansion in Severn Square, concerning which so many queer stories are told, end which, lilso tho house iu question, no one will take, No, it was the very roverso, in all respeots, of that long (and still) untenanted abode, £ had heard the rumours about tho Hyde Pork house often, when I had been in London, and nay ourioaity had always been piqued, eo that now, when I wanted fust euoh a house for the season, I determined to go and look at it for myself. Finding all satisfactory and just as I expeoted from bottom to top, X was stepping oat on to the roof with Mr. Crumble, the agent, and was saying to him "Well, I oan't perceive why people won't live here," when my eyo fell upon a curious object erected upon tne leads at the rear, and surrounded by a high railing. It looked like a huge skylight or glass lantern, about ten feet long, three high, and three broad. But instead of forming u light for a staircase or room beneath, it seemed to hare been built for tho purpose of covering another curious objeot, whiob, occupying nearly the whole of tho space under the glass, was plainly visible through it. This was a long whlto box, resembling a sea man's ohesi more than anything, only muoh larger. It rested upon the four legs or feet, wnioh raided it about a foot from the flat surface of the roof. Zt was painted a oreamy white and varnished, and, apparently not being intended to open, any more than its glass oovoring, had no hinges or look to its top or lid. "What the aeuoe is thatP" said I to Mr. Grumble. " Ah 1 replied that functionary, with an odd expression in his faoe, " that's it, sir 1" " Wnat'B it, pray P" " Why, the seoret, sir." "The seoret 1 How is it a seoret P What do you mean P" ' "Well, sir. what it is; what it's meant for j what's inside of it P" " Don't you know P" "No, sir," " Doesn't anyone know P" " I suppose somebody does, but we don't; we are forbidden to inquire, or to attempt to find out; if we knew we should be able to let the house, perhaps." " How long has it boen thero P" . :"A long while', I believe, . sir-ten or twelve years. Before my time." But who put it up Pr' ; .. -«r -gais saswasrisss mu»tiWh"8OTa,'t''" 11'ro,e""i' "«"»? ,, "P*1' I have heard there were aone in m^U'S0?l ?8 tAmo' th®y were all dig. misaed juat before it was put up. Mr. Gav. mLTe5! maay Gerva5,tQ; eoaie= SS hl hQs. 01$ one, aometiraoo nono. Nobody lives in tho house when ho'o r-way, but he alwaya Icavea tho keyo with us. Ho w awaya obanging hia eorvantg, Mr. Gayliug isj I have of ton heard him. eay that he hkea new broomo." I " What ia he, or what we a he P" "A gentleman in the naval line, I ! Jy-t they are rather rum 'una, I'm " Humph I" I said, " very odd. But do you mean to tell me that nobody will live box P" 8CaUB°th0y d°nt kU0w wiiat'B ^tbat "That ia partly the reason, o'r," oontfnued-'1WUU ®oins on' w^ea the man ' thoro'o a clause iii the agraement about it 5 that's what does it, sir." "Explain," I Bald. " Well, 'u.if, hero is [the 'clause, and he produced tho document; "perhaps you would liko to rend it yourself "P" 'J'hiifj ifc mu- " hi taking tho house at the rental, and tor tho term specified as above, I hereby polomuly pledge my oath never, directly, or indirectly, through my own agency, or that of othera, to attempt to meddle with or diaturb tho white chest under tho glaae ease on the roof, or to seek m any way to diaeover for what purpooo it u' ,.e?n placed there, or what it contains : and x rurther guarantee that no person in my employ, or anyone entering the house duringmy tonancy thereof ohall make &uy; buch attempt, and I hereby undertake that m _ the event of their being detected in doing ao, or of my doing no, to forfeit the tsumot ono thousand pounds, and in dccordftuce with tin a agreement have, in proper logal form, lodged tho caid «um with tho bankers of Thon, Galling, Esq., tno leaseo, as a guarantee of my good faith,'' "" -, r , "teueo" wont on tho agent, aa i nuiQusa rcachug it with noma ourpriaa, house" V° Sl° ^ lotting the " Pray, So the owner out of his mind ?'» I tsokod, in a minute. " Not that I am aware of, sirj ho ia a vory plousaut, aiiabJo gentleman, Mr. Gaylinrr lit, ortly, aa I oay, a llulo sum on some )'°iu » uolhloe will induce hiw to strlko out chat oJeuco, for inutanoo, Lor' bloas you, sir, jpastioa never entertain it for r« moment svhou thoy oome to that part of the buomeoe; thy drop it like r hot potato." 'Humph I" onifi I, umn, "it'o quoor, ooitftiniy, but i dou't see why quo shouldn't dooan't mattoJ a rap to mo tn ai? °i *i °he£ii; I should Hover want to meddle v?ifch or dioimb it, and I'd tako S n t0liw ouo ol«odid; 1 would pad 3k>ok tho trftp-^oov - ou tho roof, and that Sit U° Vvi4, ^ 1 OOJltiuMod, iiftor walking round tho etruotura aau looking about Wrf , ^ ao° J ineoaiuioua have i °o t0.,Pl'070nt ftny aooooa to this root from tho others ou either oiilo, by thiu iron Ohovaux-da»lrio j yea, no 0119 can koS over thia, Well, it's an odd freak, but I X106 r?,r,0«!?ftJ I1am (;oiilG t0 baulkod y* xf JI think about i4' Hr- Oiumble." Ana tho rouulfc of my thiukiug wag, that i signed tho agrcomoufc two days after wards, having conformed to tho peculiar stipulation regarding tho deponit. I had po fear of loBing tho thousand pounds, tho interest on it waaa mora addition to tho rent, and tho house waa ao exaotlv what I wanted, that it would even then be cheap children' my ltU'g° family o£ mofchei,1e33 Nevertheless, I do. not dony, that m A ai was ^'gned, Healed, and settled, I waa oonsoiouo of a lurkin" curiosity and suspicion regarding that mysterious ercotion, What could h be P What could it contain P I waa constantlypaying to myself. What strange freak oould possess tho man to take ouch strong measure# to guard figaiiiQt; nnv penetration into tho Qecrefc-nieaoui'cs, bv» the-bye, which in thomaolvea vera rather calculated to provoke inyeatigatlon, to draw attention to tho vory thing that ho wished one to overlook ? Was Mr, Gaylinp a wiser, hoarding up come unkuown trea sures in thia Btrange fashion P Probably that waa it. Well, if it was, it was no bualuesa of miao after all. My i iruamontary dutios would be too urgent, I noped, to let me dwell upon muoh elao, so I would dismieo it, end no beyond puttias ti?0 5li ^ho trap-door of the roof ao threatened, 1 too); no moaeuroa to prevent any of my household indulging in apooula tioHfl, I at losst would not direct attention to the matter, as Mr. Gaylin« did, and ooa tented my family trud domootioa by saylnf? that I didn t oonoider it anfo for peoplo to ao on to tho roof, ' b Wow, in apito of my reaolntion, I found myseif perpetually roourriug to the atfouRo chest, jior the sake of quieS and air, I had appiopriatod tho two luge br.ok and front looms at tho top of the houao for my bed?" loom aud study, auci thus slept ever? nipht just benoath tbo white ehesii, Before I had boon in the houso a month, it bogan to aot aa a nightmare on me, an iuououu I could not shake off. I Faa oppreaaed aud depvos'ijea by it, iu r, Wfty quite unaeQountablo, J, was puasied at myself, t eon di wot have believed four weeko before tbat I «hould over have become ao affooted by auoh contemptible soatloasneaa, dieaulot. and diatruat. Tiioco fooliugs at lust,reached ouch a pitoh thatgl finally ehaagod mv bed room; I would not slaop any longer dirootly underneath this aooursed, mysterious fabrio, Another month passed, during which, more than onoo, I was tempted to go scoretly on to the roof and look at the thiug a/rain.; ^afc' w not forbidden in the bond, and I need hardly say, 8AVT nothing to provoke any new comment. About a week after my last visit to tho roof, a lengthy debate kept me late at the MOUBO of Commons, and walking homo for the sake of fresh air, I found the midsummer dawn breaking, as X etruek into Park-lane. Keaehlng Oiford-street I was startled by observing in the western sky a strong light, not due to reflected sunrise. At tho moment x saw it, a fire-engine passed me at full speed, and presently the first signs of the oommotion which a conflagration oauses in the streets became evident. No man under goes this experience, when he has been away many hours, and sees the red glare rising In the direotion of his own houso, without a paug of anxiety, if not of terror. How well-founded was this sensation iu the present case was made evident ere I had walked another 200 yards; yes, meroiful powers 1 it was my house that was on fire I I omi scarcely record what followed: I onjy know that somehow I found myself in tho II °j ! i P0'100 nn<l firemen. That 1 expla ned to tho superintendent who I waa. 4 ua!uUn, eB00*t I soon ascertained that aU the inmates of my house, my ohildreti, their governess, and the servants, were in safety, and bad been taken in to a ueighbour'a hi th«M2.,.Urt' °S B00n a? 1 toanfthta to * i ' ' ftooompanied etill by the ' mouuted to ihe top of an rJ,u ,?a00' whence the firemen were dlreoting tbo hogs upon tho flame#. 1 c^wrntiwfcipry>Mwe Onoe on this vantage point, my mind revolted to the whits cheai. Was it etUI there? Yob; tho flames, though bursting out from all tho windows of the upper storioa, baok and front, had not yet dona more thou wronoh and oit.qIs poi'Uoaa of the glass oaeo. For a time it cosmod oa if this wonld bo tho most that minht happen, The water peemed to bo getting tho upper hand, and as it foil in torrents on tho hot roof, euoh .clouds ofeteain woro thrown up with thoomokeaa would have completely hidden everything from view, but that our position bad been skilfully Bolecfce-d, and wa3 woll to wind ward of tho burning maao. But presently, ? amid tho rortv of tho flames, thoro came a dull, heavy rumble for n moment, and thea with a tremendous orach the roof fell in. With it of course wont tho fragments and framework of tho glass- ease, and the now charred and blaokoned cheat itoolP. X had ray eyes upon it at tho moment, and down it wont deop into the utter obscurity of the dense amoko and Btenm, which always succeeds to thia olimas of & con flugration. For aevoral minutes noth ing waa to be discerned through the overwhelming wreaths of block-groy fumea. But presently, though the light from the fire had been olonched, tliore began to bo visible, by the aid of tho increasing light of the morning, tho depths of thia pit of Acheron. Yet it was not so vory deep after all, for the flro having orignated on tho second floor, tho falling roof had onlyv orashed down aa yob as far as the drawing room, and. thoro, whon my eyos had become accustomed to tho upeefcaolo of the in describable ddbrte, I plainly beheld, rest ing slantways across a stubborn remnant of wall, what had been tho White Chest; it was now oplib and smashed, and its contents woro revealed. " Good heavens ! What was it that I looked down upon ? I turned away my face for a moment with a shudder, for thoro, protruding through the splintered fragments of its onco ereamy-whito wooden case, waa a hugo leaden coffin, which, _ in its turn molting and burst- . ing with the hoat, displaced within the unmistakable form ol a shrouded oorpso I I was in tho aot of drawing my companion's attention to it iu honor, when suddenly there flew up ovound it with redoubled fury, ouoh a mtiua of flame and amoko, shht it wee entirely hidden, and soon tho.flro had so aproad and burafc ou4 again, that tho horrible Dpeotaolo of this uninten tional jnoremp.tiou was shut from eight;, and the house was Anally burned to tho groand I I pass ovor what immediately followed that 2 had made my way bnok to tho friendly abodo whoro the membii'o 0! my family wore oholtoi'ud. In alow days thoy were snugly settled again in auother lioaio, loi^unatoly not very much tho wotso for theterriblo Goaro. In duo ooureo tho time arrived for iooking into my loaaoa, and whilo I was doing 001 roeoived a lottor from Mr. Gayling, who had eomo to town requesting an interview. I was glad of this, for I foresaw it must lead to some explanation of tho otrango circumstances ouvrounding tho agreotnoui I had signed. My curiosity ay to tho contents of tho whito cheat had bee». rudoly satisfied, ib was true, bub what had been the reason for placing ouoh an object in euoh a place? and thia I waa determined to find out. Unexpectedly Mv. Gayling disclosed it jo ma immediately wo mot. "I have asked for this interview, sir," ho said, abruptly, "because I am a sained man." "But," J interposed,(."I am told you wore fully insured." " That has nothing to do with it," he answered; "no iueuranco can restore tha three thousand a year whioh I lose by what has happoaod. I am simply going to tell you certain facts; because, whoa you havo heard them, I shall put it to you whother you will not, out of your amplo means, feel that some compensation io duo to me. The fact io, that ib has been during your tonanoy of my house, and through accident, or negligence on tho part of aorao one for whom you aro responsible, that my rain has been brought about." "I don't understand yen." " Listen, sir," ho went on, "and you will* I was brought up to tho sea and followed ib till ,mid-life, for I waa entirely dependent on my own earnings. My only relative at this time was an old uncle, also a sailor, and a most eccentric xuau, as you will 2>resently see. Fifteen years ago he suddenly came into a large sum of money -I never know how-bub he retired and took that houso. He had only been in it three years whon a mortal sickness overtook him. Ho Bent for me. " . Tom,' said he, ' I am dying, and I don't like it. I am terrified, not GO much, ab tho thought of death as at tho thought of burial, A sailor's, grave I would not mind, but to bo boxod up and thrust into tho earth; no, Tom, I won't stand it. I look to you to seo that it doesn't happen; and I have taken measures to make sure that you do see it doesn't happen. I've made my will, Tom; I'vo left you all I possess, but on one condition, and it is, that you are my heir so long ae I am woll above ground, and no longer-mark tho worda, "woll above ground." Diroetly I am buried, or my remains are allowed to mingle with mother earth, as sho is called-she waa no mother to me, the sea was my mother* for I waa born at sea- all my money, mind, goes straight to tho Seamen'a Hospital, every penny of it.' " ' But what am I to do P' I asked of my uncle; ' how shall I be able to carry out such a strange condition f Have you SO expressed it in your will ?' " "' Yes, indeed I have,' he answered, 'and legal and binding you'll find it, as expressed in the words, "BO long as I am woll above ground." ' '"But what am I to do with you PI again asked. "'Oh, run me up aloft, masthead mo, anything you liko, but don't bury me/ " Well," went on Mr. Gayling, "to make a long story short, I found that the con ditions of the old man's will were binding, and his executors and myself hit upon the plan of hoisting tho coffin on to the roof ,o£ his house. Under certain conditions we found that it waa possible for us legally to do this. So I dismissed my three servants, employed a country undertaker, my old ship's carpenter, and a foreign glazier, in order that tho matter should not bo talked of in tho neighbourhood, and personally saw the arrangements carried out You can now understand my reasons for not having it meddled with: yes, sir, and you can now understand that the eon* ditions of tho will must take effect. No sign of tho coffin or tho body even was to be discovered in tho ruins of that house. I havo had a rigid search made, to no pur pose; the old gontloman's remains have been consumed, have mingled with mother earth, and the money passes as a matter of course to the Seamon'B Hospital. I have not a penny in the world. What can you do for me P" Ib is nob necessary for me to say what I did for Mr. Gaylingj but finding by a visit to_ Doctor's Commons, and by other evidence, that his story was substantially correct, I felt his case was a hard one, certainly a strange one, and I acted, I hopo, not ungenerously tewards him. 