ON THE NEUVES. AN interesting book (says " Mayfair") might be made out of tho curiosities of nervousness from a contemporary standpoint. The elder Disraeli has somewhere a chapter on the sub- ject ; but ? if our memory serves us correctly, his instances trench rather upon the hysterical conditions, the monomanias, tho wild, fanciful delusions of thc disordered imagination, than upon the prosaic features of the distemper. He instances men who could not boar tho sight of an old woman, and fainted dead away if a : grandmother showed herself ; others who, if ! tliay heard n rat in tho wall, took it for a ghost and got up and prayed fervently ; and such thiugs. Tho present ago lurnishes moro rational imaginings, born of the daily papers, emphasized by indigestion, and riveted hy tho surprising eioquenco of tho diurnal quidnuncs, l'or in- stance, tbero aro plenty of people living at this moment who would warmly refuse to got into bcd before looking under it, to make suro that no man lay there, 'Ibero aro others who pass tho night in constant fear of fire ; who, before they withdraw to their bedchambers, carefully rakv outevory fireplace in tho house, turn olFtho gas, inspect every room, knock on the servants' doors and inquire) through tho keyholes if the caudles aro out ; and after all this bother, go to bod and lie awake until tho dawn with their bed- room doors ajar, sniffing nt imaginary fumes of burning, and ready to spring out and ga rav- ing mad should anything like a cry bo raised -for these people never moko any serious provision against fir o should fire come. There arc others, again, who will lio night after night in expectation of burglars. A distant footfall will court them to tho window, where, cautiously pulling nsido tho blind by tho breadth of a nose (giving scope to ono eye), they will peer into tho gloom and mistake somo shadow for the figure of a man (wrapped in an overcoat, and with a borsc-pistol in every pocket), intent upon tho particular window whence he is boing watched. Others will bo kept awako by tho song of the wind about tho casemont, or in thc empty rooms around, confounding these natural sounds with tho murmur of human voices in the pantry, or in the lnndingjust outside. Tiloso are some of thc hundred night fears beyond an ordinary imagination to express. But tliero aro daylight fears as numerous, if not always so agonizing. What words can con- voy tho horror felt by a certain kind of nervous people who, making n journey on a railway, aro suddenly brought to a stand in a tunnel ? Nothing can comfort them. Their hoads shoot through tho windows, their cries lacerate tho gloom, and tho reassuring shouts of tho guard only nggravato their fright and provoko fresh yells for immodiale relense. Or take tho mon tnl condition of another kind of nervous persons at sen. Every roll of tho vessel means imminent death. The carrying away of a wntor-cn»k, tho momentary stoppage of tho engines, tho cry of a mau on tho look-out, tho escapo of a sail from the gaskets that confine it to Ibo ynrd, and its consequent hollowing upon tho galo, thc abrupt shipping of the sea, nay, tho tumbling of a steward down a bidder, or tho Tall and smash of a lbw plates from the ¡caning saloon table, will strike an indescribable horror, and load to no end of convulsiva clingings and mumblings of prayer. Indoed, it would bo possible to fill every pago in this journal with a cataloguo of tho imaginative afflictions under which nervous pooplo labour. Old Dr. Johnson, going back to touch nn omitted post, typifies n host of numerous disorders which noell not ho mistaken for suportitions, and which assume n vast num- ber of shapes among us in these clnys. Tnko n pavement full of people with a ladder across it from tho housntop to tho korbstonc. How many of tho passengers will wndo into tho mud of the road to snvo themselves from passing undor thc lnddor ? Tho proportion of tho I nervous pooplo in tho world will bo happily in (Heated by snell an example. Of ovcry hundred persons, wo question if 10 would, without hesi- tation pass undor that ladder. When a mau retunes to mako his will because bo fears that by doing so ho will bo hastening his death, aro wo not to attributu his cowardice to tho nerves ? It is a moro convenient apology to call such misgivings superstitions. No ono would hopo I to euro a priest's faith in winking Madonna by i a course of quinine ; aud superstitions of thc real sort aro assuredly not to bo correctod by medical treatment. But our latter-day norvos I aro to bo dealt with, and a good many uncuiu I fortablo horrors taken out of our miuds, by tho judicious doctor. 