INffiM'i BTJJIKNSTEnrs PIAKO PfciYINO. . JUD BROWING DESCRIPTION >' . . THEREOF. "Jud they ??y you hoard liubon?tcln play when you wore in New York. Wull, ftlhouti iitii , * -----.1—. -,.< i*?.-....?' . \- "What, mo? I roighl'i well tell you about the creation of the world." "?Come, now; no mock modesty. Go ahead."' " Well, sir, ho" hod the blamodesk, biggest, oattycorncredest. planner you ever laid eyes on. Somotbin' liko a dia .traoted billiard table on three log*. .Tho lid was h'isted, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been, hod a-torn the in tiro insldf' clean out, and scattered'em to the-four winds of hoavon." ..'??' ??Played woll, did her". "You bet ha did; but don't Interrupt mc. Whon he first sot down ho 'peaked to keer mighty little 'bout play, and wish [ he hadn't como. Ho tweodle-locdlo'd a little on the treble, and'twoodle-oodlo le; oodle'd some on the baa* ; just foolln' and boxln' tho thing's, jaws for bom* in hif way. And I says to a man sittln* noxt to mc, s' I, what sort ot a fool playin' is that \ And ho says jHee'ehl" But preeoutly hi* hands ootnmenoed.ohasin' .bnef 'nothor up and down'the keys, like a pasiol of rat* scamporin' through a garret vory swift,. Parts ot it wo* sweet,' though, and romluded "one of a, -sugar squirrel turning tho'wheel of n candy cago. ' : .- . '; 1 '''Now,' I saya to' my noighbour, '.he's showih' off. He thinks he's a doln' of It, but ho ain't got. no idee, no plan of nothin'. If hod ploy mc up a tune of some kind or other,' I'd—' .-". i " But my neighbour says ' Hee'ah I*, vory impertinent.' > . '. '.??'.,.. ~ "I was just about to git up and go home, bom' tirod of that foolishness,' whon I hoard a little bird waking, up away off .in'the woods, and calling sloopy-liko to his mate, and I looked up and I sco Ruben was ginnin' to take soiuo interest in his busif noss, and I set down again. It was the peep o' day. The light coma faiut from tho oast. Tho breeze blowod gontlo arid fresh; somo moro birds waked up in. the orchard, than some more in the trees noar tho house, and all begun sin gin' togothor; People bogun to stir, and tbo gal openod tho shutters. Just. then tho first beam ol tho sun foil upon the blossoms, a little moro and it teoht the roses on tho bushes, and the next thing it was broad:day; the'sun fairly: biased, the birds 'snu-r iliko thoy'cl ?split thoir little throats ; all tho leaves was movin* and flaahin*. dhunons of daw, and tho whole wido world was bright and happy as a king. Soeraod to mo like there was a breakfast in every houso in tho land, and not a sick child or a woman anywhere. It ?was ''a fine inornin'. And I says to my noighbour, * that's niuaio, that is.' *' But ho glor'd at mo liko hod liko to cut my throat.' ? " Presently tho wind turned; it bogun to thickon up, and a kind of frroy mist como over thing's; I got low- spirited d'roctly. Thou a silver rain bogan to fall. I could soe tho drops touch the ground; somo flashed up Bko long; poarl earrings, and tlio rost rolled away liko round rubies. It wns pretty, but mchiuohol.v. Thou tho pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then thoy inoltod into thin silver streams running botweon goldou gravels, nnd then tho streams joinod each other at the bottom, and mad} a brook that flowod silent except that you could kindor sco tho music, 'specially when tho music wont" along .down tho' vallby.' I could smell tho ilowors in tho meadow. But tho sun didn't shine, nor tho birds sing; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The most ourious thing -was tho littlo whito angol boy, liko you bob in pictures, that ran ahead of tho music brook, and lod it on, away out of tho world, whero no man over was—l novor ?was, oortoin; I oould boo that juat as plain as I sco you. Then the moonlight como, without any sunsot, and shone on the grave yards, whoro somo fow ghosts liftod thoir, hands and wont over tho wall, aud botwoon tho black sharp-top troos splendid niorblo' houses rose up, with flno ladies in tho lit-up windows, ana men that loved 'em, but oould nevor got nnigh 'om, and played on guitars under tho trees, and made mo that miserrtblo I could a-criod, because I wnntod to love somebody, I don't know who, better than the men with tbo guitars did. Thon tho sun wont down. It got dark. Tho wind moaned and wept like a lost child for its dead mothorV and I oould a-got up thon and thcro and proached a bettor sormon than any I over listonod to. Thero wasn't 0 thing in tho world left to llvo for, not a bbimo thing, and yet I didn't want tho music to stop ono bit. ' It was happier to bo miserable than to bo happy without boing misornble. I couldn't understand it. 1 hung my head and pulled out my; hand kerchief and "blowod my noso loud to kdop from eryin'. My oyos is weak anyway.. I didn't want anybody to bo o-gnzm' at mo a-snlvilin', and it's nobody's business what I do with my noso. It's'niino; But.somo several glared at mc, mad as 'Tuoker. Then, all of o-suddon, old Reuben ohnngod his tuho. . Ho ripped and ho rar'd, ho tipped and ta'rd, ho pranced ond ho charged liko ,tho grand entry at a oirous. Poorod.to mc that all tho gas in tho houso waa turned on at once, things got so bright, and I hilt up my hood, ready to look any man in tho fnco, and not of cored, of nothin*. It was o circus and a brass band, and a big ball, all goin' on ot tho samo time. Ho lit into them Jceys liko a thousand ot brick j ho giv 'em no rosb day or night j ho sot ovory liven joint in mo agoin, and not bom' able to stand it no longer, I jumpt, sprang onto my soat, and just hollered, ' Go it, my .Rube I' . " Every bjamod man, woman and ohild in tho house stared at mo, and shouted, 'Put him out I put him out I' 'Put your groat-grond-mothor's griixly, groy, green ish cat into tho raiddlo of next month I' I says, ' Totch mo if you doro 1 I paid my money, and you just oomo a-nlgh me.' " 'With that some soveral ? p'licemen run up, and I bad to simmer, down. But! wonlda fit any fool that laid hinds on me,' fori was bound to hear Ruby ont or die.! He had: changed his tone agin. He hopt,| like ladies, and tip-toed fine from send to, send of the koy board. Ho played,soft and, low and solemn.- I heard the, church bells, over the hills. Tbe candles in heaven was, lit one by. one j I saw the stars :rilo ; the greator organ of eternity began to.play from, the world's end to tbe world's end, and all: the angels went to; prayers. Then the; ; music changed to water, fall of feelin'that, couldn't be thought, and began to drop,] drip, drop, drip, drop, clear and sweet like,' tear* of joy fallln' Into a lake of glory. . It, was sweeter than that, it was as sweet as aj sweetheart sweetenin' sweetness with white, sugar, mixt with powdered silver and seedj diamonds. It waa too swoet. I tell yon the: audienoo cheered. Ruben he kinder bowed,; like ho wanted to say, ' Muoh obleeged, but. I'd rather you wouldn't Interrupt me.' He atoppod a minuto or two to felon breath. Thon he got mad; ho ran his, fingers through his hair, ho shoved up his sleoves, he opened his coat-tails a leetls furthor, he drag up his stool, ho leaned, over, and, air, he just went for tbat old planner. Bo slapped her face, ho boxed her jaws, he pulled her nose, ho pinchod hor oars and scratched hor cheeks till she fairly ! yelled. He knocked hor down and stamped [ on her shameful. She bollowod like a ball, she bloated like a calf, ebo howled liko a hound, abo sqnoaled like a pig, she shrieked liko v rat, and thon he wouldn't lei her up. Ho ran a quarter stretoh dowt tha low) grounds of tha hast, till ho got clean into fh? bowels of the earth, and yon heard thunder gallopin* after thunder through' tho hollows and-rbaves of perdition; and-tb*n:'h? fox cbuedhis right hand with his left, till n? got way out of the treble Into the clouds, what- the nntesvorc finer, than th? points of cambric - nee4JeV,-*.?i?d ydu couldn't hear nothin* but the shadders of W And then ha wouldn't let tho old planner g0,... He for'ard-twod, be oro?'l over flrat gentlemen, ii.st user flint ledy ; he balsme.il tofwM*-) he cbassade right—left, baok to plaoe* ; ha all hamla'd nroun' ; ladle* to the right 5 ?proMmasle-aUriMandJUi, hern.-andOhrJc. o*ok and fuiili, up and down, perpetual motion doable and twisted and lied down, and turned and tacked and tangledinto forty,, 'leven thousand mixtory. And then he would'nt let the old planner go. He fetohi up his right wing ; he fetobtup bis left wing ; he felcht up hi* oentres; he fetehl up his re serve*. He fired by file.; he fired by plat oons, by company, by regimouts and by brip-ades. He opened his cannon, .lege gum down thar—Napoleons here, twelve- ponndcis yonder, big gone, little gun*, mlddle-wzed guns,, ronnd shot, shells, grapnols, grape, canister, mortars, mines and maganlnes, every livin' battery and bomb agoin at the 1 same time. The bous. trembled, tbe light danoed. the walls shuk, the floor com. up, the ocllln'- oomo down, the sky split, the around rockt, heuveu* and earth, ore.* tlon, ??<?? potatoes, Mo.es, ninepanocs, glory, tenponoy nolle, my Mary Ann hallelujah, Samson in a 'siiumon* trco Jerocal'm, Tramp Thompson in a tumblo dart roodle-oodle-oodlo- oodle-oodle-ruddla uddle - v ddlo - uddlo - radd lo - add 10-addlo-ad dle- addlo-riddh<-iddlo -iddlo -recUe-petlo- cotle-eetle-ootlo-oetle-p-r-r-r-r-lang I p-r-r -r-r-lang 1 per l|ln,f 1 per long I p-rrr-r-r-r-r-r \- bang! ho lifted himself bodily Into tha air, ond ho oomo down with hi* kneo*. his ton fingers, his ten toes, hie elbows, and his noso, striking oyery single ?olttary peg on that planner at Qitnms time. Tho thing busted and wont off into seventeen hundred nnd flfty-sovon, five hundred and . forty-two homl-dcmi..om quavor., and I know no mo. Whon II como two I wore under ground about twonty foot, in a plooo they call Oyator Bay, Moating ? Yonkoo that I. never laid oyoa on'before, and novor expect to agin. Day was a-broakin'iby I got to the St. NioVlas Hotel, and I plodgo you my word I didn't.know my name. Pho man asked mo- the nurabor of my room. 1 "told ; him; ?Hot tmiito on, the /or fw" I pointedly dl Tree Press." :''?'??'?? ??'"'" !ii! '' ''?' "' ' '"'".;'' . ????' ' 1 ? ' ??-]' " : Tiuai? live* in — —, Kontuoky, a olevor gontlonian and an oxoollent lawyor as vail, 3 u ,l Ka D . This gontlemnu was intimate with an old gontlemau. Governor R , living in an adjaoentl oounty. Governor r L -wa* and is (for I believo ho .Is, still living) what we aro in tho habit of calling an old-tlmo Virginia-: gentleman- of jtatcly dignity. AVeU, the judgo was on a visit at tbo old governor's house, and happened that tho governor took him out ridlng.in his buggy, and that in passing along tlie turn pike they approached 0 toU-gatc, when the judgo, taking out his purse as if to pay the tolirtho governor said, in hi* stately way, " I'to boon a long Uroo trying- to moke you a gontlomau, to IltUo purposo, I seo. You must know, sir. that when a gentleman takes a orntltmen out riding, hs Hets not sxptel .Mm to pay his passage." Tho judge put up his pocket-book and said nothing. After ,a whllo thoy oomo to a goto ou the govornor,-* ph.oo, when the governor stopped the buggy for tho young (Judgo to get out ??* "P? tho goto! but the judge Mt.aUU.Jind was .ilont. After 0 while, still waiting,, tho governor said, '.Ahoml aliom!" wattinir For tho judge to movo, and then again, "Ahom Ittthoml" After ojrood long pause, tho judgo sold, " Governor R—-, you must know, sir, that wA?i ? gsntltman (ahss a gentleman out to ride, he doesn't expect fomlo tverk his pouags ;?? ond there tho judgo hod him suro—uWtyou think so.— Harper s. ~ Hmut aro two matters of a thoologieal nature, ono from Texas, the other from Ireland, whioh illustrate phases of belief as to tho ultlmato de?tlnation of tho parties 110 the dialoguos. Tho first I* of two old.Texa* rangers who hod just helped bury o nolgb bour, and wore talking aiwut -rc?gion.'aud ono oskod tho othor how plou* ho thought it was possiblo for o man to got in this worm, if ho woro in roal oaruost. ' ' ' x " Wa'al," sold tho othor, reflectively, ." ,i -think of a man got*' so 't ho oon s'oexs or trado hosaos without lyin', 'at h?ii' better pull out for tho better hind of ore he ha* a relapse.'* , ' 'JV Tho nost is of an Irish labourer who was lying In a ditch, vory muoh tho .'worse lor liquor. Ho was oncountorod by tho- priest of his parish. Very muoh shookedr hi* roverenoo turned the drunkard over, wno muttered, '??'.?:.' "Where am If" , . -; : . " On tho road to holl," replied the. priest, " '" thought ?o," said Tot, Fathor Murtogh'a voioo on the road too. .??.£. 