LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OP THE NEW CHURCH, AT FREMANTLE. On Tuesday afternoon last, the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new church at Fremantle, was performed by Bishop Parry. There was a large attendance and the service was listened to with much attention. The Bishop, clergy, churchward ens and Sunday-school scholars, in charge of Mr. P. Webster, the Superintendent, having assembled in the Church, formed in proces sion, and proceeded to take up their respect ive positions near the stone. The service commenced by the choir singing the 132nd psalm, after which the Lord's prayer; and special collects for the occasion were read by the Rev. D. G. Watkins. The lesson was then read by the Ven, Archdeacon Brown, followed by the choir singing portions of the 136th psalm. The Bishop then performed the ceremony of laying the stone with the usual formalities, after which His Lordship de livered an appropriate address. This con cunded, the churchwarden, Mr. P. Webster, read the financial report of the building committee, of which we give the following epitome. The amount actually in hand at the commencement of the works was £1856. Up to the date of laying the foundation stone there had been expended £856, leaving a balance still available of £1000. Prospective additions to the fund, which are as follows : ledge, on completion of building (unencum bered) £400 ; Diocesian Society £60; sale of old Church and land £1000 ; Church col lection £100; subscription promised £500, amount so £2060, making a grosstotal of £3, 916, the cost ofthe.building being estimated at £5000. A hymn being sung and the bene diction given, the proceedings terminated. The amount of donations and subscriptions placed upon the stone was £27 2s. In a cavity under the stone, copies of the Herald, inquirer, and WI. A. Times were placed. and a parchment record bearing the following inscription : in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Foundation Stone of thisEdifice hereafter to be devoted to the service of Almighty God according to the doctrine and discipline of the Anglican Branch of the Catholic Church of Christ was laii by the Right Reverend Fathet in God Henry Hutton by Divine permission Bishop of Perth in the Colony of Western Australia on the 28th day of January in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy ninein the presence of many witnesses. Ulory to God in the Highest. 