NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:-D’Aroy’s Read’s “Ghost” entertainment, at the Alfred-hall; meeting of Bal laratshire Council; meeting of Benevolent Asylum Committee; meeting of Mining Board; meeting re tele- graph, Cbghill’s, Creek hotel,'7 p.m.; Land Board, City. Police Court, 2 p.m.; presentation of trophies, and ball, Eastern Brigade-station. ’The R.M.S. Tanjora was off;Glenelg at 8 a.m. yes terday, and sailed at 2.20 p.m. for Melbourne. The weather .on Sunday was extremely wintry, and the temperature unusually low. Shortly after midnight heavy rain began' to fall, which con tinued until the morning. : During the day there were heavy squalls from the south, and several showers of sleet, but towards evening the weather be came fine, .As a consequence of the unpleasant few persons wars to be seen- in the streets, and the ordinary pleasure promenades were deserted. ' We are requested by Major Smith to state that the reporters present at the Reform League meeting on Friday evening misunderstood his remarks with refer ence to the proposed alterations in the franchise. The reporters of the two morning journals give the speaker’s remarks as follows;— “The Oovernmcnt intended to make the franchise for the Council the'same as for the Assembly,'' &o.; The Major states that what he intended to convey by bis remarks was that it was intended to limit the voting power of each, elector to one vote for each House, so that an elector holding property in various electoral districts would be en titled .to but one vote—representing the property upon which'he resided. Excursionists to Sandhurst to-morrow will do well to note the contents of the following telegram received by Mr Davies on Saturday:—“ Trains finally arranged to start from Ballarat at 7 and 7.10 a.m. on Tuesday next, leaving Sandhurst at 4.35 and 5.35 p.m. on Wednesday. Excursion tickets are available for these trains only.” One' of the subjects brought ''under the notice of the Minister of Railways'last week at Stawellwaa the question of the construction of workshops at that place. Mr Woods stated that he was not in a position to say how far 1 such work's could be carried out until the contemplated improvements at Ballarat had been effected. It had been found that it would be neces sary to construct large workshops at Ballarat to re lieve .those at Williamstqwn. This is how, according to the Argus report, Mr Berry explained'the Black Wednesday business at Chelsea :—“ Still economy was very necessary, and it was also necessary to show the Council that they could; not act thus’ with impunity, and that some suf fering would arise which' they would feel. Partly, therefore, to economise, partly because reform of the Civil Service was much needed, and also to show the Council how the struggle would be fought but, the Government removed from office all the permanent heads of the public departments. As a matter of fact, this was the very hotbed of the support which the Council received, and in nearly every case they had warmly aided and seconded- the Council in what was done. At all events, they were removed from office, and never re-appeared. We saved something like £30,000 a year: of the public expenditure; we proved,. in the face of the whole of the so-called society of the colony, which was banded together against us,; that : we should not temporise or in any way yield to them—that, in short, we were able to deal ‘ blow for blow.' In a very short time negotia tions were opened, and the Council practically yielded.’’-..1t will be.seen that Mr Berry now-admits that the act was one of revenge, not of necessity or economy. What will his colleagues say to this, who insist that no suffering was caused ? Among other-municipal : election items, we learn that Dr Usher has signified his.intention of becoming si candidate for the representation of the west riding .of Bungareeshire, and that besides Cr Tree, Mr James iLong will'stand for the central riding. Mr J. Whitehead has received an intimation from .the Postmaster-General that his services will be re tained in theßallarat office. - , The following land has been gazetted for railway purposes in Ballarat West, also withheld from sale, leasing, and licensing, and excepted from occupation for mining purposes, or-for residence or business under any miner’s-right or business licence:- —Twenty perches and a half, county ,of Grenville, city of Ballaarat— Commencing at a point on the left bank of Gnarr Creek,'where the north-west boundary of allotment 14a. abuts thereon; bounded thence by that allotment and a Una bearing N. 4 1» three linka; thence by the one c Wk way reserve, bearing N 25?5« ll?* 1 andT, ht *% linka to Qnarr Crfek .*•'«»chafe4- creek downwards to the po&* nd A blacksmith named Hen l mmeßCB Oeat Kut Rokewood, had hia arm hmt ** rai*- ip a very simple way. Hefe°\ SltedB yfe? “ the animal gave a plunge foro ar 'S Wb S »ho* **] arm with which he was h n u: 80 Mto t~h that the bone snapped. After co ' fBo hr t seeking surgical aid, which „ nBlde «bla j, Batty came in to the Hoan-i T M aot fortW J - ® 3 o’clock on Sunday morning. * hBra A Crown land sale will be h«l* ,„ day, Bth July. - ba held »l B»V t M ■ There was quite a glut „r c . . - Saturday, immense ? ttl9 ““let been received from Portland pi bar, ««a rate, and tbe fish-coasnmTng pS'" WB "iysg the opportunity of obtaining a^fef Va,lei cal Sunday s dinner. Some Inn. -, 8 la d eco n „ “• .old during Ih. aftar.ao. al «' fa *•*.’ a*, Post-offices have been onm.i , ■ Lancefield road, and Trafalgar, oJthloife’ «* way line. 6 ’ “ tao Ql Ppsland r^t Mr W. Maya, of Tendon has ho«„ trate within the southern bailiwick a oufr Mr Comad Leinp has been gazette*.. laud set apart on 9th NoveWr l B fe !be ot ‘k German Lutheran Church purposes’ at n’lf ari H t room of C. Luth deceased. V P 1 BalIa «t, in it. An entertainment of vocal an* • ■ and recitations was given in the Clear, on Friday evening, i n a i* V'H Ci M Mr Lloyd, the able leader of the choral^““tolto Lloyd, much to the regret of hi,™ sot % lit was, from indisposition, unable toT* 0113 ttEDl t owing to a bereavement from bars of the society were also absent V o '®’ drawbacks and the inclement nature n ,fe lt9ilitBB the affair proved a most unqualified succi ** 6811 '' room being well filled, and the little short of £9. A pleasant fe a ' “ 8 attendance of ladies and gentlemen fr™ the district to contribute their willing “ P Jri iol accompaniments on the pianoforte khrfLT?,' Armstrong were played by Misses Bntl fHbl and Messrs Crooke and D. Crowe Tl “ ej Bn . li 'l’jlia appreciative,' several of the sin’eera Lf - 9s « Mr J. P. Roberta occupied the chair an*° S e " COrti proceedings with appropriate remari,. Z n£4 , lki votes of thanks to the performers and iuV- 88 earned, on the motion of Mr Crockett b S 8 ®* 818 duly acknowledged by Mr Crooke "" J The following was the*programmer's first gleam,” Choral Society; instrument,!* 1 . 6 ‘,®' ! and Master Wylam; “My hudTT Laidler; “ Such is life,” Mr D. Crowe- -?gf”' * police,” Mr Wylam; ‘‘The farmyard"’(e»S& cronies,” Mr Prentice; recitation, “Tarnolh v®" Bell, Mr Partridge; “Crabbed age an f.fe Choral Society; “ Slave chase" (encored! “ A the brave,” Mr Ford; Scene from the Scandal,” Cissy and Harold Crowe; "Onceafe?' Crooke; Don t make a noise,” Mr Warren- B ''?' o' stay at home,” Miss Laidler; “What are u,7VI waves saying,” Miss Jane Walton and Mrw/ 1 Part II.—“ In Summer’s cool shade,” Chonlfc The same old game " Mr Warren; musical part, (encored), “ Paddy, mind it, llb " » Mr Prentice; “Think not,” Mias Jane W.!,’ “Whistling thief,” Mr Crooke; pianotorteseft Wylam; “Donnell Abu” (encored), “God Ireland Mr Ford; recitation, “ The Light fife« <¥^-n ar^'^ e; ‘ or § efc me not," Miss Cieij fosl- Brily 0 Rourke, Mr Crockett; “Irish aefemder" StASEL “* ”“ k “' Our correspondent writes Mr Richard Bohr of Scaradale, erstwhile mining manager, but now mte gardener, has had considerable experience in bai selecting, but he cannot secure the allotment that is to crown him with earthly happima. He first essayed to obtain a selection at Apollo Bay bat 8 wat given to a lighthouse keeper, though Mr fen avows that he was the first and only legitim.f.. rr |; nnf The throwing open of the Mount Macedon reams afforded him another opportunity to secure ahm under the * people’s Ministry,’ and with hia litho, graphed plan in hand he pegged out 106 acres, lodged ; his application with £1 deposit. He attended tie land board in Melbourne during the week, and witba large family and the'general bluntoess of a etoi North- countryman, he imagined that now, at ill events, the object of his ambition would be attuned. He answered all questions, as himself atafts, ‘ swim mingly,’ and he felt almost certain of getting to 106 acres; but his full- blown expectations were very soon dispelled when he was informed that tha allot ment had been cut up, and he could get only a pr tion thereof. Mr Rogers reached Scandals on Friday night, and declares that ‘ there never was akd swindle like the Mount Macedon one.'" A very prettily-illuminated address, gotnp by Mr Niven, will be presented to Mr Jones, the eiehiimu of the Mining Board, to-day, as a token of the appreci ation by-his fellow members of the board of to manner in which he conducted its business daring Id term of office. f A well-attended meeting of intending shareholder] in the newly- started United Australian Mutual Tot Insurance Company was held at tha Mecbanici' Initi tute on Friday evening, the Mayor of tbe City pt siding. Mr H. Webster, the company's nuirgrr, addressed those present at some length, detailing to progress made in the inauguration of tbe company, and tha objects the directors had in view. It ni explained that the company would open a branch office in Ballarat, and that its affairs would be managed by three local directors and a first-class nunipr- After hearing Mr Webster’s statement most ol to* present agreed to taka interests in the new venlnr?, which starts with a capital of £250,000, in 250, shares of £1 each. Our advertising columns foira some particulars with reference to the prospects « the company. The prospectus shows that it is the conduct of an influential provisional commttei to be incorporated under the Companies StatuteUH whereby the liability of the members is limited to -L Tha projected undertaking will extend tbe pnaap-s of mutual insurance, which has been so enccesm b a similar company formed some months age ui tt) 1 colony. It is intended to form local directories the principal centres of population; and the at principle upon which the institution is bssso, founders are confident, will commend itself at property- owners wishing to become their own m® Prospectus and forms of application may bent at the Commercial Bank, Ballarat. The Riverine Herald says that “thewanta®® of Sydney are now making great efforts tos trade of Riverina, heretofore eujoyed by M merchants, to their houses in Sydney. M' 888 ? . . travellers have encroached as far down as “Jl where they have obtained good orders, threaten to carry their canvass right into . Echuea. Special inducements are oner ) Sydney importers to Riverina cosltome gentleman in a large way of J business . informs us that ha purchased an ° thante goods in Sydney, which he obtamedc could in Melbourne. The vendor pal. to Hobson’s Bay, and he had only tkB , , to liquidate, and the goods being >®P nßl y- Victoria in bond, a large margin of P . fjoioci Boots and other heavily protected ar . , or can be sold, after paying for their carrag of miles up-country, at a cheaper rate him Such a baneful effect has protec mentioned trade, that the Deniliqum says be always intends to buy dir fr Mr D. Gillies. M.L.A, inr m**:' 1 tuents at Echuca on Friday nigh bu ,; ne!J remarks anent the Wetto tH()m d to lB the policy of Black Wednesday ine Aii)d repeated we would only _be abl Ilea incapables for the Civil 3 ® ;t Should be Civil Service had to be r edacl!d on a recognised principle by which e tjt(B!1 bl obtain justice. (Hear, hear :‘ ™ aon er, too, were made in “ VBr J r 8 ®f MrG“ at,P, j men being ignored. Taka ‘ “ nt i eo an kd at Ballarat, for instance. That gen the Government for u P ward . “(-lest n> !o acknowledged to be_ one o onieip department, whilst his charac jn the service * There was. in fact. BaaraB * * had a superior claim, and y Ternl nent The arbitrary conduct the' ® 3senc played in this respect was the very . hscr a*w (Applause.) For a man to do was a mean thing, but it K [j e n be Ma; Bible for w country to ruin a stand and fight. (Applause.) defiD itelf » According to the Eeral ii B 0 nounced by Ministers tha S ojcsiion j granting a public holiday fin B-l 1 . j Berry’s arrival from Englan j dap pear,« , steamer Tanjore. The of sufficient importance to ff«ra pafflWf public holiday, and there u kse Mr Berry arriving hare at u g •_ The writ for the of Mr *L>- occasioned by the resig y n( j er the C1 I rc .. ; , 3 $ issued on Wednesday ne • jj^ely in which the vacancy oe cu ' . be any opposition. rtpr ielor, 8 ‘ Mr Edward Monk, saw*®! l ? <th made a sworn declaration eit e r at« (says the ArguJ. ™ W t b “L^letters & statements as to threat. ®g re and at o n and as to hi. to tb B the 26th ApnL WitoWP* that all w byMrP«ntoD,P.M.,liB alleg -acid teexamined iao iy £ e also traverses “,.?• uSwK» t,l ?‘ and fa cowtont fear o£ hu life; *oontlii bee ? to great expense; that he u 1 had been P tt ‘ to ® r ty, which is conae look is a ruined man. jjgyeration of hia case. ■' , ‘ to “' the party of police kW^'/whohave been out m search of, ", Z,a^ 3ni ' .I rkva or a fortnight, re ta r.l!f (!ao8 forE w 0t l«t nCht. They went out & ‘}ll positive information * h,l i^L 1 encamped, but although S£fe , ‘ h '“S o£ a camp, the .bushranger, u“(oand«“ e we nt a long way into the S iaf i,:s y bior The quita ontinuod want of success. _ panted at their fte CaitUmame Be eveniDg at r! ha cUim Malmsbury. It appears gcoeflotsce g who waß captain of Itthsdeceaaed. thf) mine manager, Mr * a *K was in the act of pointing out pilasters, the night shift, of which de kt° when the laths at the top of the LjffaawP^j l . , the deoeaaed, one of the neck, causing, it M shock bun at Tbe manage r narrowly he only re- J* ’ Immediately the lath broke the tlj burying the de “3 v ‘f we re at once made to release him, twinning to run, it took about two hewas gotout, when he was found DMeMed leaTeB “ “ li.r facts coma to hand now and then S “ B0p lS the Aroca gold robbery (says the 2 least peculiar is one for which we SM *L t the time that the money was WjUiamstown was asked what used, a bake- * hiB oven alight for a terms he —ished to place a box there, made, fortnight, asit was ketp ; Dg for a period. The 0 1 course, of iron, .y to do w j t b the brans of the mail steamer was u ' J f, mL than usual anxiety. There were « !chi f Se left besides the customary local MeUs Sscretan, Mackay, Foster, and I latter, of course, will be known as of Swßaeges notoriety. Since the Avoca aimed < rtter she has been an object of much attrac . wrana who have an interest in the matter, f ‘ fJtrvC. has been sent down to her S« theplacefrom which it is supposed the t 0 ; \ ffere taken. There ib do doubt now that “StiaO sovereigns still unaccounted for, many tendisposed of in Williamstown and fhe police Sthibest to ascertain who have them m thar potsessiofle . Vr D. Gillies, iLLJL, delivered an address on Fn -3.; to h'i3 constituents, in the Temperiince-hall, Mad Mr J. Shacksll, mayor of Echuca, occupied bithiir and about 600 were present. The hon. ratlfßin met with a moat cordial reception. He nfared (says the Argos) in the first instance to the tiara ci legislative and administrative incapacity jii-h had teen made against the Ministry, and liared that no reply to them had been attempted. ITchierird fa the only excuse offered by Ministera b the"crime of Black Wednesday, namely, that it feted a aving of expenditure, he proved that the Bring vis merely apparent and not real, and that the fefetyot the Civil Service had been greatly im phelty the dismissals, and he also showed how un tot': a portion Victoria now occupied in the money njilet as compared with the place it occupied three jaisigo. Tbe statement made by Mr Patterson at fnitCTj, that it was the action of the banka that hid limited the loan to £3,000,000, he said, was made ishoat authority, and was denied by Mr Berry him idi With regard to the embassy, he said that whither it was a success or a failure was perfectly miteriil, is the work had all to be done over again. Smithing had, however, been gained from the dis cusses which had taken place on the reform ques tion, because the Government organ now acknow lodged Ihst it bad no more belief in a dominant isi-mbly than in a dominant Council. The proposal taapMurifc he condemned ns being utterly inconsis tent nth our form of Parliamentary government. Tie first thing indispensably necessary was the re tain ci the Legislative Council in the direction that tod; themselves bid proposed. A vote of thanks and three cheers were given to Mr Gillies at the conclu de o! his speech. We have received from the publishers a pamphlet entitled “Plpil Idolatry,” purporting to bo an eipoenre of the dogma of transubstantiation and unriolstry, written by the Rev. C. Cbiniquy, and dedicated to Archbishop Vaughan, of Sydney. The presentation of trophies won by the Ballarat fire Brigade teams at the late Beechworth demon itrarinn, will take place this evening, at the Brigade statiou, Birkly street. The proceedings will be wad op with a ball. Mr Dire; Head announces in another column that he will remain with his " Ghosts ” at the Alfred-hall for two nights' more, this evening and to-morrow right The novel idea of admitting children free if iMpuied by their parents seems to have hit the the audiences during the past three rig hhivebeen increasing, and Mr Read knowing a large number of persons have not yet seen his imag entertainment, has determined to stay as then children, as before, will be admitted free, ”? tacco “P a nied by their parents will be tl tli. v" ree P eilce oaoh. As the novel nature “„ “ w “ >kes il acceptable to both old and ) j expect to see two bumper farewell houses. 