WAS IT UNSEEMLY OR SACRILEGIOUS ? ( To the Editors of the Protestant Standard.) Sirs,— Your extracts from New. York papers tell of a' great fancy fair in the, newly:ereoted Papist cathedral in that city, and strong' com ment is made upon the fact, that the liquor traffic was a .prominent ,', feature! and was sanctioned by the Cardinal Archbishop ; and the excuse, offered was that' until the building has been consecrated it is not a sacred place at all. . ' ' ; :. " But Tam sufficiently radical, in my views to see no' incongruity at" all in the affair. '' Many persons' who in a superficial way con sider that the building is one erected for the honour and worship of God, may imagine that if He who drove the money- changers from the temple had appeared on the sceno it would have been to repeat the memorable words, "It is written that my house shall be called a house of prayer, but ye have made it a den of thieves." But we may ask the speculative questions— Would He call it "His" house? — Would He call it a house of prayer ? No hocus pocus, no magic words can alter the character of any place or make it sacred. Our Divine Lord plainly taught this to the woman of Samaria. The worship of God in spirit and in truth can alone sanctify a place of meeting. God dwelleth not in temples made with hands ; but believers are the temples of the Holy Ghost. Protestants concede too much when they speak of mass houses as sacred places. Such concessions are fatal to our cause and most injurious to the souls of Papists who hear them. Napoleon Roussel, in a very able tract, showed that Romanism is the " religion of money," and to my thinking the fancy fair with all its unholy features was quite in keeping with the after use of the building. In the one, man has been degraded, and God has been dishonoured and disobeyed. The same will be the features of the so-called worship. In the fancy fair the hands of evil-doers have been strengthened, so will they be in confession and absolution. Raising money was the object of the fancy fair ; raising money in wayB equally unscrupulous will continue to be the object of the religion, even to trafficking in the souls of men. I look upon these cathedrals and smaller mass houses as places where man in all the God-like attribues of his nature is crushed — where the passion and death of our Lord is parodied — where God is dishonoured — where man sits in the confessional or on the Papal throne, ' ' showing himself that he is God " in the assumption of the divine attributes ef God, pardon and infallibility. I draw the divine character from the parable of the Prodigal Son. Pick up from different doctrines of the Romish Church, the characteristics of God, and you would have a mercenary monster who would send His saints to purgatory and only relieve them for money. Allow saints and angels to be our mediators, clothe them with the divine attribute of omuipresence, and what becomes of the individual glory of our great High Priest ? We do not know with what lack of honesty the fair and its liquor traffic was carried on, but we do know that the future use of the building will be to carry on an imposture and a cheat. That the Lord may visit Romanists with His light and saving meroy and cause any who love Him to respond to the Spirit's call, " Come out of her, my people," is the prayer of HUGUENOT. 