gttato & Arietta. THE CLOVEN FOOT. BY MISS BRADDON, Authob of ' Last Atjdley's Secret,' &a;, &c.; L Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter. XHL — The Settlement. Laura had been married a fortnight and a day, and the new year was just two weeks old. It was a very ailing and un genial year in this infantine stage of its . existence. There had 'been hardly a day of pleasant weather since its birth, nothing but rain and sleet, and damp raw cold, and morning mists and evening fogs. It was not a good, honest, old-fashioned winter, aimTi aa -uta tvatl nf in st.nrv honlrs. n.nrl enjoy about once in a decade. It was simply obnoxious, ill-conditioned weather, characteristic of no particular season. It was just the day after the anniversary of Jasper Treverton's death, and Tom Samp son was meditating in a lazy, comfortable way on his former client as he sat by the office fire sipping his tea, which he had desired to be brought to him in his den, as he was so terribly busy. He had not dipped a pen in the ink yet, and it was half -past nine o'clock ; but it was not for Eliza Sampson to know this. She was always taught to helieve that when he spent his evenings in the office he was working severely — ' douhle tides,' he called it. If she came in to look at him she f otnd him scratching away violently with a quill that tore shrieking along the paper like an express train rushing through . a village station, and it was not for her to know that Thomas snatched up his pen and put on this appearance of industry when he heard her gentle footfall at his door. Domestic life is made up of such small secrets. To-night Tom Sampson was in a particu larly lazy humor. He was getting a rich man, not by large earnings but by small expenditure, and life, which is an insoluble problem for many, was easy for him as one of those early propositions in Euclid that seem too foolishly obvious to engage the reasoning power of the smallest schoolboy, suclias — 'If equals are taken away from equals the remainder is equal,' and so on. Tom- was thinking that he ought to be thinking about marrying. He was not in love, and never had been since he ex changed his schoolboy jacket for a tail coat, but he told himself that the time had come when he might prudently allow him self to fall in love. He would love not too well, but wisely. ' Lizzie is a good girl, and she knows my ways,' he said to himself, ' but she's getting old maidish, and that's a fault that will grow upon her. Yes, decidedly, it is time I thought of a wife. A man's choice is confoundedly limited in such a hole as this. I don't want to marry a farmer's daughter, though I mignt get a fine, healthy young woman, and a tidy little bit of money if I could please myself among the agricultural class; but Tom Sampson has his failings, aad pride is one of 'em. I should like my wife to be a cut above me. There s Celia Clare, now. one s more the kind of thing I should fancy ; plump and pretty, with nice, lively ways. I've had a little too much of the sentimental from poor Lizzie. Yes, I might do worse than marry Celia, and I think she likes me.' Mr. Sampson's meditations were inter rupted at this point by the sound of a foot step on the shoshy gravel walk outside his office door. There was a half-glass door opening into the garden, as well as the door opening from the passage, which was the formal approach for Mr. Sampson's clients. ' Only his intimates entered by the garden door, and he was unable to imagine who his late visitor could be. ' Ten o'clock,' he said to himself. « It must be something particular. Old Pulsby has got another attack of gout in the stomach, perhaps, and wants to alter his will. He always alters his will when he gets a sharp attack. The pain makes him so savage that it's a relief to him to disin herit somebody.' Mr.. Sampson speculated thus as he un drew the bolt and opened the glass door. The man who stood before him was no messenger from old Pulsby, but John Tre verton, clad in a white mackintosh, from which the water ran in little rills. 'Is it yourself or your ghost?' asked Sampson, falling back to let his client enter. The question was not without reason, John Treverton's face was as white as his raiment, and the combined effect of the pale, haggard face and the long white coat was altogether spectral. 'Flesh and blood, my dear Sampson, I assure you/' replied the other coolly, as he divested himself of his mackintosh and took up his stand in front of the comfort able fire, u flesh and blood frozen to the bone.' 'I thought you were in the south of Frarce.' 'It doesn't matter what you thought, you see I am here. Yesterday put me in legal possession of my cousin's estate. I have come to execute the deed of settle ment. It's all ready, of course ?' ' It's ready, yes; but I didn't thiak you'd be in such a hurry. I should have thought you would have stopped to finish your honeymoon.' ' My honeymoon is of very little import ance compared with my wife's future wel fare. Come, Sampson, look sharp. Who's to witness my signature ?' 'My sister and one of the servants can do that.' ' Call them in, then. I'm ready to sign ' 'Hadn't you better read the deed first/ ' Well, yes, perhaps. One cannot be too careful. I~ want to be unassailable as the summit of Mount Everest. You have taken counsel's opinion, and the deed will hold water ?' ' It would hold the Atlantic. Your gift is so entirely simple, that there would be no difficulty in wording the deed. You give your wife everything. I think you a fool, so did the advising counsel ; but that makes no difference.' 'Not a whit.' John Treverton sat down at the office table and read the deed of settlement from the first word to the last. He gave to his dear wife, Laura Treverton, all the pro perty, real and personal, of which he stood possessed, for her sole and separate use. There was a good deal of jargon, but the drift of the deed was clear enough. ' I am ready,' said John. * , Mr. Sampson rang the bell for the ser vant, and shouted into Hie passage for his sister. Eliza came running in, and at sight of John Treverton's pale face, screamed, and made as if she would have fainted. -4 Gracious, Mr. Treverton,' she gasped 'I thought there were oceans between us. What in mercy's name has happened ?' 'Nothing alarming. I have only come -to execute my marriage settlement, which I was not in a position to make till yester day.' ' How dreadful for poor Mrs. Treverton to be left alone in a foreign land.' John Treverton did not notice this speech. He dipped his pen in the ink, and seized the paper, while Miss Sampson and Sophia, the housemaid, looked on wonder ingly. 'Sophia, run and get a pair of sheets aired, and get the spare room ready,' cried Eliza, when she had affixed her signa ture as witness. ' Of course you are going to stop with us, Mr. Treverton ?' *' You are very kind. No, I must get away immediately. I have a trap waiting to take me back to the station. Oh, by the way, Sampson, about that money you kindly advanced to me. It must come out of the estate, somehow ; I suppose you can manage that?' ' Yes, I think I can manage that,' answered Sampson, modestly. '* Do you want any further advance ?' ' No ; the estate belongs to my wife now. I must not tamper with it.' 'And what's hers is yours, of course. Well, I congratulate you with all my heart. You are the luckiest fellow I ever knew, bar none. A handsome wife and a hand some fortune. What more can a man ask from fate V ?? ' Not much, certainly,' said John Trever ton, ' but I must catch the last iip- train. Goodnight.' ' Going back to Nice ?' John Treverton did not wait to answer the question. He shook hinds hastily with Eliza, and. dashed out into the garden. A minute afterwards Mr. Sampson 'end his sister heard the crack of a whip, and the sound of wheels upon the high road. 'Did you ever see such a volcanic indi vidual ?' exclaimed the solicitor, folding up the deed of settlement. ' I am afraid he is not happy,' sighed Eliza. ' I am afraid he is mad,' said Tom. Chapter XIV. — ' You have but to Say the Woed.' Mr. Sniolendo was in his glory. In the words of his friends and followers he was coining money. He was a man to be culti vated and revered. A man for whom champagne suppers or dinners at Richmond were as nothing ; a man for whom it was easier to lend a five pound note than it is for the common ruck of humanity to ad vance half-a-crown. Flatterers fawned upon him, intimate acquaintances hung fondly upon him, reminding him patheti cally that they knew him twenty years ago, when he hadn't a sixpence^ as if that were a merit and a claim. A man of smaller mind might have had his mental equi librium shaken by all this adulation. Mr. Smolendo was a man of granite, and took it for what it was worth. When people were particularly civil he knew they wanted something from him. ' The lessee of a London theatre is not a man to be easily had,' he said; 'he sees human nature on the ugliest side.' Christmas had come and gone, the New Year was six weeks old, and Mr. Smo iendo's prosperity continued without abate ment. The theatre was nightly crowded to suffocation. There were morning perform ances every Saturday. Stalls and boxes were booked a month in advance. i( La Chicot is a little gold mine,' said Mr. Smolendo's followers. Yes, La Chicothad the credit of it all. Mr. Smolendo had produced a grand fairy spec tacle, in which La Chicot was the central figure. She appeared in half-a-dozen cos tumes, all equally original, expensive and audacious. She was a fountain of golden water, draped exclusively in dazzling golden fringe, a robe of light through which her finely sculptured form flashed now and then, as the glittering fringes parted for an instant, like a revelation of the beautiful. She 'was afishwomanina scanty satin Mrtle, scarlet stockings, and a high cap of finest Brussels lace, She was a bayadere, a debar deur,awoodnymph,anodalisque.)Shedidnot dance as she danced before her accident, but she was as beautiful as ever, and a trifle more impudent. She had learnt enough Ecglish to speak the lines of her part, and her accent gave a charm and a quaintness to the performance. She sang a comic song with more chic. The critics told her she had ascended to a higher grade in the drama. La Chicot told herself she was the greatest woman in London, as well as the handsomest. She lived in a circle of which she herself was the centre. The circumference was a ring of admirers. There was no world beyond. Spmething to' this effect she told her fellow lodger, Mr. Desrolles, one grey afternoon in February, when he dropped in to have a glass of brandy, in order to stave off one of those attacks he so often talked about. She was always particularly friendly with the ' Second Floor,' as it was the fashion of the house to call this gentleman. He flattered and amused her, fetched and earned for her, and sometimes kept her company when she was in too low spirits to drink alone. ' My good creature, you oughtn't to live in such a hole as this. Upon my soul, you ought not,' said Desrolles, with an air that was half-protection, half- patronage. ' I know I ought not,' replied La Chicot. ' There is not an actress in Paris who would not call me stupid as an owl for my pains. Que diable, I sacrifice myself for the honor of a husband who mocks himself of me, who amuses himself elsewhere, and leaves me to fret and pine alone. It is too much. See then, Desrolles, it may be that you think I boast myself when I tell you that one of the richest men in London is over head and ears in love with me. See, here are his letters. Read them, and see how much I have refused.' She opened a work basket on the table, and from a chaos of reels of cotton, tapes and buttons, and shreds and patches, ex tracted half a dozen letters, which she tossed across the table to Desrolles. ' Do you leave your love letters where your husband might so easily find them ?' asked Desrolles, wonderingly. ' Do you suppose he would give himself the trouble to look at them?1' she cried, scornfully. ' Not he. He has so long left off caring for me himself that he never supposes that anybody else can fall in love with me. Help yourself to that cognac, Monsieur Desrolles. It is the only safe drink in this miserable climate of yours; and put some coals on the fire, mon borihomme. I am frozen to the marrow of my bones.' La Chicot filled her glass by^ way of setting a good example, and emptied it as placidly as if the brandy had been sugar and water. Desrolles looked over the letters she had handed him. They all went to the same tune. They told her she was beautiful, and that the writer was madly in love with her. They offered her a carriage, a house in May fair, a settlement. The offers rose in value with the lapse of time. 'Have you answered him ?' asked Des rolles, curious and interested. 'Not at all. I know better how to make myself valued. Let him wait for his answer.' ' A man must be very hard hit to write like that,' suggested the gentleman. La Chicot shrugged her statuesque shoulders. She was lovely even in her more than careless attire. She wore a long loose dressing-gown of scarlet cashmere, girdled with a cord and tassels, which she tied and untied, and twisted and untwisted, in sheer idleness. Her massy hair was rolled in a great rough knob at the back of her head, ready to escape from the comb and slide down her back at the slightest provocation. The dead white of her com plexion showed like marble against the scarlet robe, the dense hair showed raven black above the pale brow and large lumi nous eyes. ' Is he as rich as he pretends to be ?' asked La Chicot, thoughtfully, swinging the heavy scarlet tassel, and lazily contem plating the fire. 'To my certain knowledge,' said Mr. Desrolles, with an oracular air, 'Joseph Lemuel is one of the wealthiest men in London.' ' I don't see that it much matters,' said La Chicot, meditatively. ' I like money, but so long as I have enough to buy what I want it's all that I care about, and I don't like that grim-looking Jew.' .' Compare a house in Mayfair with this den,' urged Desrolles. 'Where is Mayfair?' Desrolles described the neighborhood. 'A wilderness of dull streets,' said La Chicot, with a contemptuous shrug. ' What is one street better than another ? I should like a house in the Champs Elysees — & house in a garden, dazzling white, all over flowers, with big shining windows, and a Swiss stable.' 'A house like a toy,' said Desrolles. ' Well, Lemuel could buy you one as easily as I could buy you a handful of sugar plums. You have but to say the word.' ' It is a word that I shall never say,' exclaimed La Chicot, decisively. ?' I am an honest woman. And, then, I am too proud.' Desrolles wondered whether it was pride, virtue, or rank obstinacy which made La Chicot reject such brilliant offers. It was not easy for him to believe in virtue, mas culine or feminine. He had not travelled by those paths in which the virtues grow and flourish, but he had made intimate ac quaintance with the vices. Since a certain interview with La Chicot's husband, in which he had promised to keep a paternal eye upon the lady, Mr. Desrolles had wound himself completely into the wife's confi dence. He had made himself alike useful and agreeable. Though she kept her wealthy adorer at arm's length, she liked to talk of him. The hothouse flowers he sent her adorned her table, and looked strangely out of place in the tawdry, littered room, where yesterday's dust was generally left to be swept away to morrow. One thing La Chicot did not know, and that was that Mr. Desrolles had made the acquaintance of her admirer, and was being paid by Mr. Lemuel to plead his cause. ' You seem to be better off than you used to be, my friend,' she said to him one day. ' Unless I deceive myself that is a new coat.' ' Yes,' answered the man of the world, without blushing. ' I have been dabbling a little on the Stock Exchange, and have had better luck than usual.' Desrolles stirred the heaped-up coals into a blaze, and filled himself a third glass of cognac. ' It's as fine as a liqueur,' he said, smack ing his lips. ' It would be a sin to dilute such stuff. By the way, when do you ex pect your husband ?' *| I never expect him,' answered La Chicot. ' He goes and comes as he chooses. He is like the Wandering Jew.' ' He is gone to Paris on business, I sup pose.' ' On business or pleasure, I neither know nor care. He earns his living. Those ridiculous pictures of his please both in London and Paris. See here !' She tossed him over a crumpled heap of comic papers, English and French. Her husband's name figured in all, affixed to the wildest caricatures — scenes theatrical and bohemiar, sketches full of life and humor. ' To judge from those you would suppose he was rather a cheerful companion,' said La Chicot, ' and yet he is more dismal than a funeral.' 'He vents all his cheerfulness on his wood blocks,' suggested Desrolles. Of late Jack Chicot had been a restless wanderer, spending very little of his life in the Cibber- street lodging. There was not even the pretence of union between his wife and him, and never had been since La Chicot's recovery. They were civil to each other for the most part ; but there were times when the wife's : tongue grew bitter, and her evil temper flashed out like a thin thread of forked lightning cleaving a dark summer sky. ^ The husband was always civil. La Chicot could not exasperate him into retaliation. 'You hate me too much to lose your temper with me,' she said to him one day in the presence of the landlady ; 'you are afraid to trust yourself. If you gave way for a moment you might Mil me. The temptation would be too strong for you,' Jack Chicot said never a word, but stood with his arms folded, smiling at her, heaven knows how bitterly. One day she stung him into speech. 'You are in love with some other woman,' she cried. ' I know it.' 'I have seen a woman who is not like you,' he answered, with a sigh. ' And you are in love with her.' ft For her unlikeuess to you ? That would' be a charm certainly.' 11 Go to her. Go to your ? ' The sentence ended in a foul epithefe-i one of the poison- flowers of Parisian argot. ' The journey is too long,' he said. ' It is not easy to travel from hell to heaven.' Jack Chicot had been once to the Prince Frederick Theatre since his wife's return to the stage. He went on the first night of the grand spectacular burlesque which had brought Mr. Smolendo so much money* He sat looking on with a grave, unchanging^ face, while the audience round him grinned inecstacy, and when La Chicot asked his opinion of the performance he openly ex* pressed his disgust. 'Are not my costumes beautiful ?' she asked. 'Very. But I should prefer a little less ?; beauty and a little more decency.' The rest of the audience were easier to^ please. They saw no indecency in the dresses. No doubt they saw what they had ? paid to see, and that contented them. Never had weman more of her own way than La Chicot after that wonderful re covery of hers. She went where she liked,. drank' as much as she liked, spent every sixpence of her liberal salary on her own pleasure, and was held accountable by no one. Her husband was a husband only in name. She saw more of Desrolles than of Jack Ohicot. There was only one person who ever ventured to reprove or expostulate with her, and that was the man who had saved her life, at so large a sacrifice of time and care. George Gerard called upon her now and then, and spoke to her plainly. 'You have been drinking again,' he would say, while they were shaking hands. 'I have had nothing since last nighty when I took a glass of champagne with, my supper.' ' You mean a bottle, and you. have had half-a-bottle of brandy this morning to cor» rect the champagne.' She no longer attempted to deny the impeachment. ' Well, why should I not drink ?'r she exclaimed defiantly. 'Who cares what becomes of me ?' ' I care. I have saved your life once against long odds. You owe me something for that. But I cannot save you if you make up your mind to drink yourself to death. Brandy is a slow suicide, but for a woman of your temperament it's as certain as prussic acid.' Upon this La Chicot would dissolve in maudlin tears. It was a pitiful sight, and. wrung the student's heart. He could have loved her so well, would have tried so hard to save her, had it been possible. He did not know how heartless apiece of beautiful clay she was. He put down her errors to her husband's neglect. 'If she had been my wife she might have been a very different woman,' he said, to himself, not believing the innate de pravity of anything so absolutely beautiful as La Chicot. He forgot how fair some poisonous weeds are, how beautiful the scarlet berries of the nightshade look when they star the brown autumn hedges. So La Chicot went her way triumphantly. There was no danger to life or limb for her in the new piece — no perilous ascent to the sky borders. She drank as much brandy as she liked, and so long as she contrived to appear sober before tne audience Mr. Sino lendo said nothing. ' I'm afraid she'll drink herself into a dropsy, poor thing/' he said compassionately one day to a friend at the Garrick Club. ' But I hope she'll last my time. A woman of her type could hardly be expected to draw more than three seasons, and La Chicot ought to hold out for another yeas or so.' ' After that, the hospital,' said his friend. Mr. Smolendo shrugged his shoulders* 'I never trouble myself about the after career of my artists,' he answered plea santly. Chapter XV. — Edwakd Clare Dis covers a Likeness. ' Hazelhurst Rectory, 22nd February. ' Dear Ned — Do you remember my saying when Laura refused to have a proper wedding dress, that her marriage was alto gether an ill-omened business ? I told her so, I told you so, in fact I think I told everybody so ; if it is not an unpardonable - exaggeration to call the handful of wretched dowdies and frumps in such a place aa Hazelhurst, everybody. Well, I was right* The marriage had been a complete fiasco. What do you think of our poor Laura coming home from her honeymoon alone t Without even so much as her husband's portmanteau! She has shut herself up in the Manor House, where she lives the life of a female monk, and is so reserved in her manner towards me, her oldest friend, her all but sister, that even I do not know the cause of this extraordinary state of affaire. ' 'My dear Celia, don't ask me anything about it/ she said, when we had kissed each' other and cried a little, and I had looked at her collar and cuffs to see if she had brought a new style from Paris. ' ' My dearest, I must ask you/ 1 replied ; ; 'I don't pretend to be more than human?., and I am burning with curiosity and sup pressed indignation. What does it all mean ? Why have you challenged public^ opinion by coming home alone ? Have you and Mr. Treverton quarrelled?' ' ' No/ she said, decisively, l and that is the last question about my married life that I shall ever answer, Celia; so you need not ask me any more.' ''Where did you part with him?' I asked, determined not to give way. My^ unhappy friend was obstinately silent. ' ' Come and see me as often as you like,, so long as you do not talk to me of my hus band/she said, a little later. ' But if youi insist upon talking about him I shall shut mv door upon you.' '''Ihearhe has acted most generously with regard to the settlements, so he cannot be altogether bad/ I said— for you know I am not easily put down. But Laura was adamant. I could not extort another word from her. « Perhaps I ought not to tell you this, Ned, knowing what I do about your your affection for Laura, but I felt that I must open my heart to somebody. Parents are so stupid, it's impossible to tell them things. ' I can't conceive what this poor girl is going to do with her life. He has settled the whole estate upon her, papa says, and she is awfully rich. But she is living like a hermit, and not spending more than her own small income, She even talks of celling the *»rriage horses, Tommy and Harry, or sending them back to the plough, though I know she dbats upon them. If this is meanness it is too awful. If she has conscientious scruples about spend ing John Treverton's money it is simply -^ idiotic. Of the two I could rather think my friend a miser than an idiot. ** And now, my dear Ned, as there is noth ing else to tell you about the dismallest place In the universe^ I may as well say good- bye. *— Your loving sister, Celia.' ft P.S. — I hope you are writing a book of poems that will make the Laureate burst with envy. I have no personal animosity to Mm, but you are my brother, and, of course, your interest must be paramount.' This letter reached Edward Clare in his ?dingy lodgings near the British Museum, lodgings so dingy that it would have grieved the heart of Ms country-born and country Jbred mother to see her boy in such a den. But the apartments were quite dear enough for his slender means. The world had not yet awakened to the stupendous fact that 3\. new poet had been born into it. Stupid reviewers went on prosing about Tennyson, Browning, and Swinburne, and the name of Clare was still unknown; even though it had appeared pretty of ten at the foot of a neat triplet of verses filling an odd page in a, magazine. 'I shall never win a name in the maga zines,' the young man told himself. ' It is worse than not writing at all. I shall rot unknown in my garret, unless I can get some rich publisher to launch me properly.' But in the meantime a man must live, and Edward was very glad to get an occasional guinea or two from a magazine. The supplies from home fell considerably lielow his requirements, though to send -*4- them strained the father's resources. The ? embryo laureate liked to take life pleasantly. He liked to dine at a popular restaurant, and to wash down his dinner with good Rhine wine, or sound claret. He liked good cigars. He could not wear cheap boots. He could do without gloves at a pinch, but those he wore must be the best. When he was in funds he preferred a hansom to pedestrianism. This, he told himself, was the poetical temperament. Alfred de Musset was, doubtless, just such a, man. He could fancy Haine leading the same sort of life in Paris, before disease had chained him to his bed. That letter from Oelia was like vitriol dropped into an open wound. He had not forgiven Laura for preferring John Treverton, or the estate that went with Mm. He hated John Treverton with a ?vigorous hatred that would stand a great deal of wear and tear. He pondered long «rer Gelia's letter, trying to discover the clue to the mystery. It seemed to him tolerably clear. Mr. and Mrs. Treverton liad married with a deliberate understand ing. Love between them there was none, and they had been too honest to pretend an affection that neither felt. They had agreed to marry and live apart, sharing the dead anan's wealth, fulfilling the letter of the law, but not the spirit. *?' I call it sheer dishonesty,' said Edward. ?**I wonder that Laura can lend herself to «uch an underhand line of action. ' . It was all very well to talk about John V Treverton's liberality in settling the. entire -estate upon his wife. No doubt they had 'their private understanding duly set forth in black and white. The husband was to lave his share of the fortune and squander it how he pleased in London or Paris, or -any part of the glebe that seemed best to him. 'There never was such confounded luck,' exclaimed Edward, angry with Fate for having given this man so much and liimself so little; 'a fellow who three months ago was a beggar.' in his idle reveries he found himself thinking what he would have done in John Treverton's place, with, say, seven thousand -a year at his disposal. ' I would have chambers in the Albany,' he thought, 'furnished on the purest aesthetic principles. I'd keep a yacht at Clowes, and three or four hunters at Melton Mowbray. I'd spend the winter in the «outh, and the early spring in Paris, where I should have ajried a terre in the Champs Mysees. Yes, one could lead a very pleasant life, as a bachelor, on seven thousand a year. Thus it will be seen that, although Mr. ?Clare had been seriously in love with Miss Malcolm, it was the loss of Jasper Trever lon's money which he felt most keenly, and it was the possession of that fortune tor which he envied John Treverton. Due afternoon in February, one of those rare afternoons on which the winter sun glorifies the dingy London streets, Mr, Clare called at the office of a comic periodical, the editor of which had ac cepted some of his lighter verses — society poems in the Praed and Locker -manner. Two or three of his contributions X iad been published within the last month, and he came to the office with the pleasant consciousness that there was a cheque due to him. *? I shall treat myself to a careful little dinner at the Restaurant du Pavillion' he -told himself, 'and a stall at the Prince of Wales'fl to wind up the evening.' He was not a man of vicious tastes. It was not the aqua fortis of vice, but the champagne of pleasure that he relished. He was too fond of himself, too careful of his own well-being, to fling away youth, health, and vigor in the sloughs and sewers of ©vil ? living* He had a refined selfishness that was calculated to keep him pure of low iniquities. He had no aspiration to scale mountain peaks, but he had sufficient re , gard for himself to esehew gutters. m The cheque was ready for him, but when he had signed the formal receipt the clerk told him the editor wanted to speak to him presently, if he would be kind enough to -wait a few minutes. 'There's a gentleman with him, but I don't suppose he'll be long,' said the clerk, ? - *' if you don't mind waiting.' Mr. Clare did not mind, particularly. He sat down on an office etool and made him self a cigarette, while he thoughtfully planned his dinner. He was not going to be extravagant. A plate of bisque soup, a slice of salmon en papilotte, a wing of chicken with musa (. rooms, an omelette, half a bottle of St. /r Julien, and a glass of vermouth. While he was musing pleasantly thus the swinging inner door of the office was dashed open, and a gentleman waited quickly through to the open doorway that \- Jed into the street, with only a passing nod to the clerk. Edward Clare just caught a \- glimpse of his. face as he turned to give that . fcrief salutation. « Who's that ?' he asked, starting up from his stool and dropping the half- made cigar. -; ' 'Mr. Ghicot, the artist.*' ' Are you sure?' The clerk grinned. «. , ' Pretty positive,' he said. tl He comes here every week, sometimes twice a week. I ought to know him.' Edward knew the name well. The slap dash caricatures, more Parisian in style than English, which adorned the middle page of the weekly paper called 'Folly as it Flies,' were all signed 'Chicot.' The dancer's admirers, for the most part, gave her the credit of those productions, an idea -which Mr. Smolendo had taken care to encourage. It was an advantage that his dancer should be thought a woman of many accomplishments — a Sarah Benhardt, in a small way. Edward Clare was mystified. The face which he had seen turned towards the clerk had presented a wondrous likeness of John Treverton. If this man who called himself Chicot had been John Treverton's twin brother the two could not have been more alike. He was so impressed with this idea that, instead of waiting to see his editor, he hurried out into the street, bent upon fol lowing Mr. Chicot, the artist. The office was in one of the narrow streets northward of the Strand. If Chicot had turned to the left he must be by this time following the strong current of the Strand, which flows westward at this hour, with its tide of human life, as the Thames flows with water; if he had turned to the right he was most likely lost in the labyrinth be tween Drury-lane and Holborn. In either case — three minutes having been wasted in sur prise and interrogation — there seemed little chance of catching him. Edward turned to the right, and went towards Holborn. Accident favored him. At the corner of Long Acre he saw Chicot, the artist, button-holed by an older man, of somewhat raffish aspect. That Chicot was anxious to get away from the button-holer was obvious, and before Edward could reach the corner he had done so, and was off at a rapid pace westward. There would be no chance of overtaking him, except by running, and to run in Long Acre would be to make oneself unpleasantly con spicuous. TheTe was no empty hansom in sight. Edward looked round despairingly. There stood the raffish man watching him, and looking as if he knew exactly what Mr. Clare wanted. Edward Clare crossed the street, looked at the raffish man, and lingered, halfin clined to speak. The raffish man anticipated his desire. ' I think you wanted my friend Chicot,' he said, in a most insinuating tone. He had the accent of a gentleman, and in some wise the look of a gentleman, though his degradation from that high estate was patent to every eye. His tall hat, sponged and coaxed to a fictitious polish, was of an exploded shape ; his coat was the coat of to-day ; his stock was twenty years old in style, and so frayed and greasy that it might have ^been worn over since it first came into fashion; The hawk's eye, the iron lines about the mouth and chin, were warnings to the man's fellow-creatures. Here was a man capable of anything — a being so obviously at war with soeiety as to be bound by no law, afraid of no. penalty. Edward Clare dimly divined that the creature belonged to the dangerous cla3sas, but in his excellent opinion of hii own cleverness deemed himselfjstrong enough to cope with half a dozen such seedy sinners. ' Well, yes, I did rather want to speak to him— er— about a literary matter. Does he live far from here ?' 'Five minutes' walk. Cibber-street, Leicester-square. Til take you there if you like. I live in the same house.' ' Ah, then you can tell me ail about him. But it isn't the pleasantest thing to stand and talk in an east wind. Come in and take a glass of something,' suggested Edward, comprehending that this shabby genteel stranger must be plied with drink. u Ah,' thought Mr. Desrolles, 'he wants something of me; This liberality is not motiveless.' Tavern doors opened for them close at hand. They entered the refined seclusion of a jug and bottle department, and each chose the liquor he preferred — Edward the: sherry and water, the stranger a glass of brandy, 'short.' , -. . , ; ' Have you known Mr. Chicot long ?' asked Edward. 'Don't suppose I'm actuated by impertinent curiosity. It's a matter of business.' ' Sir, I know when I am talking to a gentleman,' replied Desrolles, with a stately air. ' I was a gentleman myself once, but it's so long ago that the world and I have forgotten it.' He had emptied his glass by this time, and was gazing thoughtfully, almost tear fully, at the bottom of it. ' Take another ?' said Edward. ' I think I. will. These east winds are trying to a man of my age. Have I known Jack Chicot long ? Well, about a year and a half — a little less, perhaps — but the tim.3 is of no moment ; I know him well.' And then Mr. Desrolles proceeded to give his new acquaintance considerable informa tion as to the outer life-of Mr. and Mrs. CMcot. He did not enter into the secrets of their domesticity, save to admit that Madame was fonder of the brandy bottle — a lamentable propensity in so fair a being ? — than she ought to be, and that Mr. Chicot was not so fond of Madame as he might be ' Tired of her, I suppose ?' said Edward. 'Precisely. A woman who drinks like a fish and swears like a trooper is apt to pall' upon a man after some years of married life.' ' Has this Chicot no other income than what he earns by his pencil ?' 'Not a sous.' ' He has not been flush of money lately — since the new year, for instance f ' . 'No.' *?* There has been no change in his way of life since then ?' '-? ' Not the slightest, except, perhaps, that he has worked harder than ever. The man is a prodigious worker. When first he came to London he had an idea of succeed ing as a painter. He used to be at his easel as soon as it was light. But since the comic journals have taken him up he has done nothing but draw on the wood. He is really a very good creature.. I haven't a word to say against him.' : 'He is remarkably like a man I know,' said Mr. Clare, musingly ; 'but, of course, it can't be the same— the husband of a French dancer. No, that isn't possible. I wish it were,' he muttered to himself \- with clenched teeth. *' Is he like some one you know ?' inter rogated Desrolles. . ' Wonderfully like,- so : far as I could make put in the glimpse I got of his face.' 'Ah, those glimpses are sometimes de ceptive. Is your friend residing1 in London?' 'I don't know where he is just at pre sent. When last I saw him he was in the West of England.' /'Ah, nice country that,' said Desrolles, kindling with sudden easrerness. 'Somer- setshire or Devonshire way you mean, I suppose.' ' I mean Devonshire.' ' Charming country — delighful P 'Very, for your Londoner, who runs down by express train to spend a fortnight there. Not quite so lively for your son of the soil, who sees himself doomed to rot in a God-forsaken hole like HazelhuNt, the village I come from. What ! you know the place ?' exclaimed Edward, for the man had given a start that betokened surprised recognition of the name. ' I do know a village called Hazelhurst, but it's in Wilts,' the other answered coolly. ' So the gentleman who resembles my friend Chicot is a native of Devonshire, and a neighbor of yours ?' ' I didn't say he was either,' returned Edward, who did not want to be cate chised by a disreputable-looking stranger. 'I said I had last seen him at Hazelhurst. That's all. And now, as I've an appsint ment at five o'clock, 1 must wish you good afternoon.' They both left the bar together, and went out into the Long Acre, whence the wintry sunshine had departed, giving place to that dull, thick greyness which clo3es London in at eventide, like a curtain. To those who love the city, as Charles Lamb loved it, for instance, there is some thingcomfortable even in this all-enveloping grey, through which the lamps shine cheer fully, like friendly eyes. 'I'm sorry I haven't got my card case with me,' said Desrolles, feeling in his breast pocket. ' It doesn't matter,' the other answered, curtly. ' Good day to you.' And so they parted, Edward Clare walk ing swiftly away towards the little French restauranthard by St. Ann's Church, where he meant to solace himself with a comfort able dinner. ' A cad !' mused Desrolles, looking after him. 'Provincial, and a cad. Strange that he should come from Hazelhurst.' Mr.Clare dined entirely to his own satis faction, and with what he considered a severe economy, for he contented himself with half a bottle of claret, and took only one glass of liqueur after his small cup of black coffee. The coffee made him bright and wakeful, and he left the purlieus of St. Ann's in excellent spirits. He had changed his mind about the Prince of Wales's. Instead of indulging himself with a stall at that luxurious theatre, he would rough it and go to the pit at the Prince Frederick, to see Mademoiselle Chicot. He had been haunted by her name on the walls of London, but he had never yet had the desire to see her. Now all at once his curiosity was aroused. He went and admired the dancer, as all the world admired her. He was early enough to get a seat in the front row of the pit, aud from this position could survey the stalls, which were filled with men, all declared worshippers of La Ckicot. There was one squat figure — a ..stout dark man, with sleek black hair and colorless Jewish face — which attacted his particular attention. This man watched the dancer, from his seat at the end of a row, with an expression that differed markedly from the vacuous admiration of other countenances. In this man's face, dull and weary as it was, there was a look that told of passion held in reserve, of a purpose to be pursued to the very end. A dangerous admirer for any woman, most of all perilous for such a woman as La Chicot. She saw him and recognised him as a familiar presence in an unknown crowd. One brilliant flash of her dark eyes told as much as this, and perhaps was a sufficient reward for Joseph Lemuel's devotion. A slow smile curved his thick lips, and lost itself in the folds of his fat chin, He flung no bouquet to the dancer. He had no desire to advertise his admiration. When the curtain fell upon the brilliant tableau which ended the burlesque — -a picture made up of handsome Womenin dazzling dres3es and eccentric attitude, lighted by the broad glare of a magnesium lamp — Edward left the pit and went round to the narrow side street on which the stage door opened. He had an idea that the dancer's husband would be waiting ta escort her home. He waited himself in the dark chilly street for about a quarter of an hour, and then, instead of Mr. Chicot, the artist, he saw his acquaintance of the tavern stroll slowly to the stage door, wrapped in an ancient poncho, a circular cloak, of shaggy stuff, like the skin of a wild beast, and smoking a gigantic cigar. This gentleman took up his stand outside the stage door, and waited patiently for about ten minutes, while Edward Clare walked slowly up and down on the opposite pavement, which, was in profound shadow. At last La Chicot came out, a tall, com manding figure in a black silk gown, which swept the pavement, and a seal-skin jacket, a little round hat set jauntily on the dark hair. She took Desrolles' arm as if it were an accustomed thing for him to escort her; and they Went away together, she talking with considerable animation, and as loud as a lady of the highest rank. 'Curious,' thought Edward. 'Where is the husband all this time ?' The husband was spending his evening at a literary club of somewhat Bohemian character, where there waa wit to cheer the saddened soul, and where the nightly talk was of the wildest, breathing ridicule that spared nothing between heaven and earth, and a deep scorn of fools, and an honest contempt for all conventionalities. In such a circle Jack Chicot found temporary oblivion. These riotous assemblies, this strong rush of talk, were to him as the waters of Lethe. ( To be continued,) ? : ? -♦— , ? Prudent Man.— By thrift he has beccme a millionaire, and he had a splendid St. Bernard dog, which he was very proud of . One day the servant came to him terror-stricken. Master, master, Caesar is ? * ??Is what?' 'Mad Tm afraid. He won't touch water any more than if he was a crude apostle of temperance; and there's as much foam about his mouth as if he was the sea in one of Swinburne's poems.' *? Great heavens ! it is lucky you discovered it in time. We must not lose a minute. Take the animal at once, before he h&B; bitten anv ? ' /Yes; sir.' ' And ueil him.' 