:: A.:RARE ;ADVEATLURE -.'; I The"North! American Minstrels were playing to good houses through.Missouri some years ago, and, of course, were in. most exuberant spirits; for, according to -the "depth of the dust" in the trea sury, so did thevolume of spirits imbibed' balance. They were a jovial gang, and, nothing was too sacred to escape their jesting, especially when the " tam was in and the wit out." - We were all seated in the barroom .of .: the hotel' at which we were, stopping, the majority "just croaking"-for some thing to display their varied, talents on, and the balance cussing the dreary lone linessof the burg. While discussing incidents and ac cidents of the show business, the door of the barroom softly opened and a man' gently glided in. He was a picture. If the frame of the now immortal " Joe Bowers, who came from old Missouri. and all the way from Pike," still existed 'on-this mundane sphere, we imagine he 'would have presented just such an ap rearance as the object on which the gang had fixed their gaze. He was, a till man, with a very perceptible stoop,. heavy yardstick shoulders, .canvassed hkms for. hands, and feet that would'. haveo been a success to the man who tried to walk upon the water. His clothing baffled description, being of every conceivable colour, and not of any particular fashion in cut. But his face was a study : a long drawn countenance which looked as though he were suffer ing iistense'internal pain, and a sancti monýious kind of fear-off look in his eyes whioheeemedto wish he were an angel: and' with the angels stand." :" What'is .ith" asked .Bones, -as he rolled his tongue from side to side in great gleeo over the prospective: fun in store for him. . " i Guess :what it is, and;I1ll give: yon. half." i di ; l"Take:a'stick:and,kill it-', lis ,. - " Somebody; tramp ion' it'? . U : .. Si"'?II bet;twoldollars:and: a half, it's, alive." i " Ah !iitm'oves i!'i~nmobes lit breathes! ,ithas an" ~6xistence !"? ?, t ,:. L " ? It [''ram thy, father's'ghost.'c,-i n 4;,,.!. i 'Thes! and'similar expressions failed: to bring aiiy response from the object of their.:!gafling,'! : who, without even .a :change of countenance; shuflled.over to one of the' chairs near. the" stove, ' and with aslol and' ponnderous movement, seated himself. L':et's stir him. up,"said Bones, and, an! approving nod -from: the; barkeeper settled it. ; The ,stranger .had 'taken? a '.small bookd fiom his .pockt `a bodok 'tlhat t6o some looked likera prayer-hook-and .was soon,deeplyinterested in ts con tents perfectly, oblivious of ?fll his sidr Chips..weroi plaiced on ,his shoulder and knocked off by the fictive: young spoits, who were now in their glory. No response from the liteirryJoo Bowers A cork was-burned, and he, was :soon grotesquely " made up"'by one:.of tlid artists. Not a move from thle literary devotee. B ecoming embolde~lnd onic of his tormenters knocked off his '?blt the barkeeper hit him on the nose with' a lemon, another .poked hini with abilliard-cue, while anrotherlaidthe coal hod on his lap. Not a rsevi'' Bones got the " seltzer-bottle,"ar'diimnimdiately a stream began to play' on the' head of, the immovable. " " But-ah! lie stirs 1 he straightens up I lre.opens lhis mouth I and speaks Roteiin- Gulch.' I've make :my e pile' Before I left'I was consideied the' bad man of the camp, and I seint four beau tiful engels tip toglory. ParsonShouter reformed me, and I j'ined church:' He. made me solemnly swear that wlheniever I got '.mad ag'in I'd read this little three-hundred-line " Exhortation'r to Those' about to Sinii.' I got rmad.- I read. '. But thle tiadness won'tleave ne, and I see that I hmust send more passen gers tiixigh tied golden gates i" Wish that his left arm sti~etclied out over; the isir fastened on tb ' the ba? - keeper, and that iindividual afervairdis said that h?i iuist have gone up to' the ceiling in ??' hot-air baloon. :Then 'he lifted Boircsone, and Bones was doubled up on the lower spot off the off end of the Billiard tuble. - The " wench" w'as reached for, and atruecinhamon-bai-hug made hint drop in a.limp heap on, the floor. Another went sliding on his back out of the front door, and'yet another did a flying leap through the mirror, while the last of his tormentors he put to sleep among the ale ani pop bottles behind the bar. - . Amid- the .groans of' the wounded end dying (as they .thought) ands the sizzing and popping of ale and pop, the -',what'was it" took it's leave; and as be left these worls floated on the air as balm to the bruises bestowed; " "L hope none of you'll want harps up above. If you do call on me; ',I've inadeimy pile." . . , : When all had regained consciousness and a summing-up of injuries was gone through, none were disposed to: be at all frisky, and were not on the lookout for any more objects. The boys were all broke up at night for there, among tihe front seats,, sat the "windmill" that "ground-ed"' them all, arid his loud, hearty laugh at the end-gags and witticisms galled: them on the wind-up, someone (the boys guess who) set up a shrill whistling, and the air was " I want to be an angel." No matter lhows thirsty the boys get nowd, if you hint of the possibility of an "angel" they will walk off and forego all chances of a " wotter."--Newe York CIlpper. 