DIAMONDSAHDCOLD- A TALE OF' THE FAR VBST.' ; ,r- I . .; ;' ,, , ,-.;Y . ' FKOM BKLdRAVIAO ' ' v - My story is laid in the gold-yieldih district of British Columbia . called Cariboo'; r,thV' opening scene being at a little mining; ci& too w;hichjI will give the name of Nuggetvilie. The tionc iB the autumn of 1866. ! ' ' ' i - :- '' ' ' The ",121 Dorado Restaurant' and Saloon" was an lioteL— every, rubbishing,, hat.' of 'an earing- and-drinking shanty in the Very. Far . NYcst. is an hotel — which did- a capital business,, and was kept by one Alexander Macphersooi, a taciturn, miserly old fellow of doubtful ahtcccdcnts, with a sharp head on his shoulders and np principles worth speaking about, and who had passed, many years in first one and then another .gold-country. His "help,"'"barkcep," and gendral factotum, was a young Englislaonaai known in the old . coun try, wlacrc ho had been a, .male butterfly. of so ciety, as Hugh Mostyn, bait familiarly known among the rough miners, ever ready at bestow ing nicknames, as " the cockney." He had landed in the colony during the gold excitement of '62, short of money but rich in- hope,- .-..firmly persuaded that he was going lo make a fortune in a few months, had rapidly spent all he possessed, tried tho callings of newspaper- boy, omnibus- driver, grocer's assisjmit, lessee of a.' cigar-store, whosefoiurprcviousowncrs had successively achiev ed bankruptcy, cook at the. prison— the prisoners surviving !— and several other things; and had now for! about a couple of months' -been servant to old Macphcrson. ;.'jtnd was!' to. have secured the situation..' The. wages,' fqr that part of thb world, were ' aiiicrbscopib,' 'fqr - the keeper of the El 'Dorado passed' himbelf off as a poor man. " Nili'delid brdk'eJ" Svdsth'e'expres- saon ho used, , . . .... : How far this a8Eqn;wf'!e.ij|sr . will show. .- .. .. ! . 1 : One day towards the end of September, w hile the mining 'season was' 'still' 'at - its' height, and when aU things were at their busiest, Macplieo;- j son waked up in the little den hchind the, saloon, j which was his sanctum and. Led-room, prostrate ? and helpless, victim' to a sharp attack of lhcu- i matism.' Touched at sight of the old man's piti- able condition, aoid also perhaps dreading lest ;; death should ensue," 'and tho business of which j they were then, the baronun.felt convinced, mak- ;j ingso thriving a concern, be brokcn.up, Hugh cx- ;! crtcd himself both to muse his master and at the same time to attend to the restaurant. In the afternoon, work having slackened,, and j the saloon being only . half full of gamblers, ,j loafers, hard- drinkers,- qud the'.Jike, Seth! W. || Jones lounged up to where Hugh stood beliind 1 tho bar. Now, of all the people the latter knew !| in; Nuggetvilie, .this specimen of the "honest miner" was the one lie aiiost cordially detested. ' Aaid no wonder. For Sella Jones,, a long, lean, lantern-jawcdj ill-conditioued fellow, withJiisil roving eyes set much nearer together in his head; than anyrespectable anaaihasa right to.havcthcm, always looked as if he had at least. a.dozen mur ders on his conscience, and -would -not at. all have minded adding a dozen more.-. .''-fry.. «, t: i Said Seth, who seldom wasted, words, "Eoss|| Aick i! . .!. ! !;:,! .. j "Jdacplierson is laid up wit-h:rbcuinatism,-" politely made answer Hugh, who. dared -not, re- : buff the manho-fcarcd. - r i;' : j: : "Guess I'll t$ke . a . drink,"- said- the. jvisitor, 't ."brandy straight" (i.e. aicat"),Mand drank off' tlio whole measure at a; draught..- .It made not the slightest perceptible difference in; him. He then leaned on the counter, heonmcd the barman1 .in, and set himself to extract, everything iai the way of information he could, about Hugh himself, the amount of . business done at tho El j Dorado, and the., private allaiis of the El Dorado's . proprietor. Never had , the Englishman been put under such stiff cross- examination ; . tho "down-caster". of fiction or fact was, in the matter of iuquisitiveness, no thing to; Seth W. Jones ; but dread of the ques- ; tioner and doubt of .the motive for so inujli curiosity made Hugh cautious in his replies. Indeed, of his master's private affairs hc .kncw absolutcly . nothing. But Seth, . who, was. 'cute- j ness itself, read his victim .as easily jas an ojaen! book. , - r, . " That was a strange hint Jones dropped about old Sandie having a pilo," ..thoaight .Hugh, as, after attending to his. master ;wants, , he re- turoaed to the saloon, , and rolled , himself , up, for the night in his. blankets, .But he , was far too exhausted with . his day's work . to lie - puzzling about the matter,, so . quickly, fell asleep, .nor stirred again till . cock-crow. ' .." Gould! there have been any truth in it, I vvoaider ?" lie tiacn said -to himself, as' he pursued tlae iraiaa of thought of the previous evening. ' . Seth's suggestion henceforth haunted ' him ; and he furtavoly w-atcbed has employer as be had never, before. dreamed of doing. .- He -took note of the fact -.that Macphcison, who in; marvel lously short- time : was weU again and about, never " loafed" froau house to lioiase, !'qr' claim to claim;1 or lazy1 group to lazy group, like other folks, nor cared to visit the ' Nuggetvilie theatie to'caat upon the stage at the feet of favorite' ac tresses nuggets or ten or twenty dollar- pieces-1: the goldrmaner's substantial substitute for the bouquets of civilisation — or hauntcd an'y .place, ' in fact, save the El Dorado restaurant arid saloon alone. Hugh remembered too tlnit twice since lie" had entered, th.e old. man's service lie had waked up in the middle of -the night' and seen shining; .through .tlio .. cracks "of the partition a faint- irght. 'and smelt a strong perfume of the national; whisky; but not"- till Beth Jones had ashed so many questions had this ' proceeding seemed to: . paean moro tlpin . wakefulness : and > a secret . ifi- dulgcncc in intoxicating liquors. / Now, -however,' his curiosity was rdusco, and hq'ret his- wts, td consider , how best to. const-rnQt. ;.a: pcep-hiilq' .thfoiagH -the slight -'part-itiori- -of-baieb'-ctbring/ roughJy-hriwu boardii. t - On tho morning following the convcreatiori. as Hugjr stooped behind the bar to roll up bis lilght's blanket' he carefully examined bis side of tlie i partitiofri, and perceived that one of the/hoards .bad," jufrt whcro'it-joincd the floor, a.lobse corner I .halt , splft off. . Could he but . complete ; the .'freer turc tlicro would be a hole large' enough to give biiri.Jf helay .with his h6ad, upon the -floor, a fairly good view into the den beyond. . But , how to complete it ? Of .Macphcrsoh'a presence there was no getting rid, and wood cannot "be split without making a tell-tale noise. , Once broken nothing would be easier than to restore the" ir regular triangle to its place trusting" to chance for'itknbn-observarico on Sandie's siDe Jhe divi sion, and upon the other putting in front of it Bqine one :of the many light packages which stood behind the bar. \- For several days Hugh watchedhis opportunity in vain. At length, late one evening, the- El Dorado being full of miners, and the ; drinking and gambling at its height, there suddenly arose one of thosq hot- headed disputes over the cards which so frequently end in bloodshed. . Two men were playing in a corner, when one of them sprang up, gave utterance to a torrent of oaths i'nd accusations of unfair play,' dashed his half of the pack' full in the other's face, and clapped a h'dnd behind him to draw forth his bowie-knife. Upon which the second man, rising too,, whipped out his revolver, and lired, but merely grazed his adversary. At once the other miners hurried to the spot, and Macphcrson,, whom neither knife nor pistol, ever scared, went forward lo put a 'slop tq t£c affray. , Tho bar was thus left, to Hugh alpncl ; and quick as thoiight, he dropped behind it-, and, under cover of tho din 'of voices'-'and overturned furniture, tore out' the triangular loose 'bit of wood, hastily replaced it, and moved against it a half-empty wooden ease containing bottlcs 'of brandy packed in straw.1 All this was done in no more time than it takes to write of the ! transaction,' and when Hugh stood: up again, the hubbub was. not half over, and tlie interest in the gambling incident was so keen, that it looked as though 110" one, not even Seth W. Jones hiiriself, had noticed the barman 'b apparently eccentric conduct. Wheal at' last the evening had worn nwriy 'the Saloon doors had been closed, and- -master arid man had i-etircd till the morrow, Hiigh Mostyn had, neyer felt more wide awake. He 'lay-, down . in liiy accustomed corner, though not,, as . usual, : ,lo fall into tho deep. slumber , which naturally fol lows a hard day's. labor, but to wait till, the- faint . light frorii Macpheison's den should "siiine through the, cracks of tlio partition. Wlieii ,his; employer; had disappeared within Jiis sarictniin!, . and shotta'thc inside, bolt a ncver-failing signal 1 that the old " man had retired till - morning,1 the i young one at once pushed aside' the half-empty' case, so_ that, should he aieed ta remove the trian- : gular.picce of wood hecoulddosb without trouble! and- without noise.. : »WRhin the den all was dark and quiet ; and.tb ; impatient Hugh, it now began to seem ,-as,. though! ..many jong,. tiresome hpurs were go.ing past and as. lliougli nothing after all would happen; Still, he tKoright.'it well to reconnoitre a bit ere- giving .up ' hope' for the aiight. So he carefully removed .the triangular poop-: li'ole, but could see nothing j for although' the iuys from the recently risen, fast-waning moon rendered the saloon itself light with a pale, ghost-like gleam, the obscurity .within .Macpher- son'sroom.was in. no wise relieved. ' He was just about to replace the piece of wood, and 'settle to. sleep for. what short portion of tho night /re mained, when he was conscious of a. faint ;noise .within the deal as of sooneone cautiously stirring. Hughriever moved a muscle, but lay 'with the wood', grasped in his fingers, hardly daring to breathe1 or stir. By and by,' Macpherson, ap-i 'parcntly satisfied — for he had long ago found out bisdcperidcnt to bo a heavy sleeper— -put forth his "blind, aiad slowly and carefully removed the shade of acovcrcd lamp; for through the irregular cre- .vices of the partition there shone, crackbi-ighten-' ing lifter crack, tho same faint radiance which, in; the middle of the night, Hugh' had already ' ob-! served. And of course Macpherson was', far too. sharp to'striko a match and thu3 risk 'making, 'a noise that might have roused his man./- 1 ! ; _ The lamp-shade being now remove<l, 1 and' th'el little den made fairly aglow with light/, tho old; man listened attentively once more ; and then- noiselessly knelt down beside his rude couch". -/By1 and by, 'ho rose again with two objects in his, hand, 0110 a. broad leathern belt, tho other a" , small .leathern bag. And now there came irito! tlie old fellow's face a look such as 111 Huglifs 'sight.' it "had never worn before. ' As'liis'ageii; 'hands,' with trembling eageiri ess uiiticd tlie strings of the bag, arid Tie dug his .bony firigera; Jri among the diamonds which; filled ;it there ' was in every feature ari air of hungry, 'greediness, of ghastly delight, that to the youngoi' man1! would liave seemed hateful, only . that his bv.'n counten-' ance, unconsciously perhaps, bogan tp- reflect: an .expression almost similar. . ! - " After awhile gazing at and tqying' Vritli his .treasure, Macphcreon laid domi tHebagarid took up the belt, and tlicn with needle arid thread, com menced patiently, slowly, and very carefully to sew the precious stones into its soft lining. Tliis was tedious work, partly because the -old man's fingers found a housewife's implements not easy of management ; partly because ever and anon be broke off from sewing to examine and caress some especially fine gem, or to feel lovingly tlirough the lining the diamonds idrcady securely fastened in ; and partly because a dozen times at least ' he stayed, his work to listen. \V hen this sort1 of thing had lasted a long while, Macphcrson grew evidently wearied, lie laid down needle and thread for the last time, gathered his materials together, knelt down.' and fumbled once moreabout his bunk. ! Belt and bag .returned to their hiding-place, and a bottle of whisky came forth instead. Very (1 early, did old Sandie love the national beverage, but he feared & too, for too much whisky is apt to loosen a man's tongue, and will at times make a fool of even' the wisest. Thorefore, for all that ' lie looked so. lovingly, I10 hesitated too, held tlie bottle' up to see how much it contained; .put it back twice took it out again, placed it to his lips and drank.- ' . : " If, " thought the eager watcher; " he would but get screwed now, and knock that lamp oyer, perhaps the whole building might get iii a blaze, .and'theq-r— " . -,.!! But no ; Macphcrson was no fool!; ho took only such a draught as seemed safe, 'hit? away his bottle; turried out bialamp, and . orice' moire tlie ' El Dorado wasplurigcd into the darkless of night. "Hje'slcpt"": riot so his man. Everlastingly the ' sheen-, of- diamonds' was before envious Hugh's eyes/ while- calculations as to their probable value perplexed his brain. ,'Th'cso precious stones were evidently .the ;hoard of many years> B.in'ce.in ii mining conntry whenever a saving,. inan, a pro duct rare criorigh, is found, it is his practice,' ic . he kqeps!nb;b!ariking account, to changckis gold- dust into1 the more readily portable diamonda". And here were gems actaially by tho score to- f ether. If oply all that trcasuro'w-cre his oirn, fiigh thought,' how casily' ho -could rc.tiira tq Ehgland in the -character of a' lucky mirier,- be come fo'r the rest of his -days a prosperous 'man, ! and .hold up hisrhc'ad among the proudest: of that moneyed class .who . make fortunes heaven 1 knows h'OW - ; ' . . ' For several successive nights Hugh witched! ag long aa hc could:kccp awake, and during somo part of most of .them his . perseverance was_ re- ! '.warded1 by the-' sight of; Macpherson again Jieradi \- irig. otcr- hisieath'cSrn -bclty .'and > slowly and- pa f-.t jenlly sowihg;hi8 diamonds .into its - soft ; lining; . " Ho,w;"ran !thc 0 Jd man.do with, so little ; sleep aright aftei"night, and yet' in tlio moriiing show riota trgee! of weariness thought Hugh, who felt' himself growing haggard for want' of rest. He forgot to take into consideration the laet that ho oftan ; wasted hoii3.: in , fruitless i watehine whole Sandiej self-trairied by long habit to wake at. one partacular time/wisely economised his strength hy -passing the remainder of the nieht in steady slumber. '; .; The . leathern bag was gradually becoming empty and the. 1 belt -as gradually growing thick with secreted wealth of gems .; . and meanwhile th0 mining season drew, towards its close. Could it be.that the old man— fearful of incurring in the speedily appa;oachifig winter fresh and sharper \- attacks of rheumatism, and perhaps also uneasy on account of . Seth Jones's perfectly ..audible hints and. curious .questionings — was minded to slip off from Nuggetvilie, aria leave restaurant and dependent too to fare as tlicy might ' That was ;quito possible, for the .value of the stock in trade and building was as nothing in .comparison with that of the precious stones. . '" . : . Another night Came, and poor Hugh, wofully tired, with . eyes ' blood-shot for want of sleep and yet, thanks to the fascination of, his watch! intensely wakeful, witnessed . ihrougli his peep-hole the usual programme of the El Dorado's. midnight entertainment — the. usual pro gramme, that is, -with for once a totally dif ferent ending. . ' ' While he lay with his aching eyes fixed upon his master's bowed figure sewing as patiently and slowly, as ever, he felt that sleep was about to conquer, him. at last. Thp gems still continued to dazzle,' but the den with its solitary inmate began to recede and grow indistinct, until some how the scene was changed to Hugh's old homo in far away England, and it was Sir Lewis Mostyn, his little-loved elder brother, who bent over the leatherri belt and sewed into it the prccious stones. And by and- by there glided in a form like the wife Hugh had left behind in Eng- land; richly attired, radiant, beautiful,' wearing a necklace of tho largest and finest of the dia monds, and carryiiag in her arms their child ; and she took the belt from hei" brothcr- iai-law's un willing fingers, and said, " It is all oiire now and nothing- shall be left to you, hard-hearted old man that you are." For by some means Sir Lewis had become .aged and withered, aaid altogether . tho living iariage of Macpherson the miser. Then, as Hugh's wife bound the belt about her body, there burst over all the scene a golden radiance-, a ruddy glare that filled . the plaee with light, anil again' she spoke and said', " Yes, it is all ours now, nothing is left to y?ii, and Mostyn Hall ib jon. fife,, on . lire, on; fire. J" And1 the aged Sir Lewis, with trembling lips, like a faint echo, re peated ' after her. ",011 fire !" Then -tlie ruddy glare grew fiercer; and "there were heard distant sounds, as, of roaring flames and crashing timlacrs .and shouts of " fire 1, fire 1 lire !".. which qver "caine nearer ' aud nearer. And Hiigb, jumping upright with a loud; cry and wide awake, Saw the radiance he had dreamed 'of shining brilliaritly .thioughthe.wiridows of the El-Dorado, and onak- ing the black night glaringly red. His first thought was that Maepliorsqii had 'at last upset his lamp, and set the don in a blaze'; but a glance through the peep-hole showed things all right in that direction, and Sandie,, fully alive to the situation as far as it conceriicd himself, noiselessly and with wonderful celerity divesting himself of his upper strata of clothing, buckling on his belt, replacing, his coat, &e.;, and, last , of ifll, girding on his brace of trusty seven-shooters. Tlie rparof whirling flames, tho shouts of men, and din of falling, timbers grow louder,' wilder, nearer, and Hugh, aware that ho. ought to be doing something, fell to battering at the sanc tum's bolted door, tho whole ho excitedly cried, "Macphersooi, aWake, get up. Would you die like a dog, man? -NuggctvillcVon fiorc !" . . '' All right," returned the cool, self-possessed voice within. " Have yer never seen a mining city burnt up before, that yer shout aud yell like ,au" insane greaser driving mules into a corral ? I .guess we ain't got no kegs of gunpowder on. the "restaurant,. nor thoy hasn't next door neither. ;Tak' up yer blankets and' stow into them and iiito.yor/ pockets as many bottles o whisky.- us yer. kin ; and I reckon we'll make tracks right away." ,!' ' . _ . '! Bo saj-irig he issued frorii the den, and the two inen 'uu'baiTcd the door and escaped. - 1 .,-:Thq EL Dorado perislied, of course ;.!indced; the ,w)iqlp of Nuggetvilie was laid low, save one, tiny sliiiritji' that stood rather apart from 'the rest. But what matters the destruction of art 'cHtire irity . vvhich can bo; easily rebuilt in a: feiv -days?, . , , ' . . !" "Ye're mighty civil to an old man, Ilugli/'saill 'Macph'erson. 'as they stepped into the open air ; " why didn't yer leave me aged carcase to. bum ujp 'long with the restaurant? I guess I ain.'tmuch worth saving, lioheow." And he loqkcd snspici- r6usly into his companion's face, brightly lighted "upias it was by the huge firo. .1 ( "iThat would. have been inhumnn," answered .the barman, without flinching. - .. ... .. ' "'! A'wobdcn town wholly on fire is always a iriag- : nificorit spectacle, and Nuggetvilie formcri no ex- cepiion to the rule. . The flames, driving -fast be fore a powerful wind, leaped from wooden house to wooden house with amazing celerity ; and tlio logs, or boards, of which each building was com posed, baked by the hot sun of a long sujnmer, burned as readily as paper. Of coui'se thc Nug- gctvillians, like all miners, enjoyed the big bon fire immensely; the question who's to lose or .who's to pay being to them never an especially serious one. ' 1 A drizzling rain was now beginning' to fall, and the dull, grey, autumnal dawn, contending with the lurid light of the flames, made the scene of . destruction Iqok desolate enough. Hugh, feeling first the chill! — his companion was wrapped in co gitation as to whether it would not be well to set \- off for the south at once, taking his servant with him as a protection— shivered, and turning, sud denly to old Saudie, clapped him oii the shoulder and said ; "Maipherson, this will never suit yoiir rheumatism; had we not better make a move somewhere?'. . . ; Recalled so speedily fom the land of thought, the old rnan was for once thrown off his guard ; it was not often in his long life that anyone had succeeded in startling him : but ho started and visibly shrank from the hand laid on him at that inoinent. "Ay, laddie," he said, in the Scotfh accent that returned naturally to his lips at snclr times, tSen added in his usual nasal twang, "wal, hurry up ! We'd best make tracks anyhow- Nuggetville'B played out this fall, but I reckon as Orofield ain't caved in yet." t ., Ho said- nothing of his resolve to move on far. beyond Orofield and beyond the colony's, lioriits ; but! Hugh took the "we" of his master's speech to mean that they were to set off together ; nor, indeed, had the barman the slightest' wWh to part company with thejewel-Iined belt that. lay so hear 4iis hand- Once more tho thought flashed through his brain " did -the ' old fellow come honestly -by all that treasure? Why, he drew back from my touch as though ;my hand had been that ot a detective r But aloud he only said, AU right,, what you will", -.. . . And thus dhe two men, their blankets ori their !'shqulders, their weapons close .- to hand eoni- ;mcriccd their long pedestrian" jouriiey. ' - . ... Arid where all this while was Beth' W. , JoBtt" In the'very place h'e1 might- he expected tp B® fourid : 'in the interior of the deserteel 151 Dorado, whose rioof had'alrcady caught'trre ; he was'eia \- ployed in carefully investigating that. to him most interesting Of spots,- He kncw how-- lon®.it. was Jsiffc to remain— not many. minutes ; , for- it comr in'ori 'rumor spoke £r utlif idiy he had had in his tW® a good deal to do with coufliagratioris,.not ataJlu the way of putting them out, but rather , in. too character- -by no means ooaknown in ' the reiiww \fesb-f6t inoendiary- Now, when the two men I; had dipp<3 out of the doomed " restaurant anji galdoii," Joiies, who ob. usual, was wide awake and up' and not far off, after .: watching thcra safely from tlie premises, had: quietly slipped in,' arid passed straight to Afacplicrson's den. : A blow or two from the .-miner's axe Scth car ried had soofi" battered . down, the door, which, even in the hurry of flight, the' old man had hot fed to 'Idek behind him ; and then., undaunted by tho sirioko already thinly curling _ into the room, tlie spy stood before the sleeping-place, close beside which was the small round table with tha-flxtinguislied lamp upon it. But' nothing teU-tale 'remained'; either from force of liabit or with intention of rendering security doubly sure, Sandio liad carefully put back his sowing imple ments. into their hid.ing-plaee, and there only rested 1. outside it "the: . three- quarters empt'ed bottle of whisky, which Beth speedily xoduccd to total emptiness. ; Pah J lipw tlio. smoke began to choke hi ! There .was no timo to lose ; clear out he r. Uit, yes, and clear out without having discovered a clue to the secret hoard lie i'clt sure, from his in timate acquaintance with the ways of gold-min ing people, Tilie old man must possess. All I wliat was that tiny speck upon the floor there, shining so brightly in the ghostly dawn stealing past him through the broken door A diamond, bjf ad that's 'lfiekyj "For a second or two it lay in Seth's claw-like hand ; lie fingered it with- greedy exultation ; he looked remarkably like the orthodox pictorial fiend oT ltfelodraniatic stage-ruffian, only tliat ho neither talked blank verse, nor stamped, shook, gesticulated, or otherwise wasted time and energy ; and then, since all was fish that cairio i to his nct-'and this was splendid fish indeed— he'thriist irito a safe pocket the ono gem which, thanks to Sandie's failing eyesight, had hech in advertently left, behind. ' Here was a clue alt last, -a clue to the whole ;.for Maepherson posscsscfl bpt a single, .diamond, ay, or. hut- a few such speci mens/ would 'he have allowed that eiic to remain lying there ? .Then, with a parting anathema, on i-lie suffocat- ingismokp tliat forbad further exploration -of tho place, Scth W. Jones passed out. of lire fast-turn ing El Dorado, arid set forth to find thennaii who owned thb treasure. - Nnggetville had; long ceased to hlaze, arid Oro- field -bad been left many miles behind, when'tho sun shone one windy day.u pon thq shabby fi « ures of j Sandic Macphcrson arid. Hugh Mcstyn plodding - steadily. on together southward.,. At Oroficld the master had made no stay to speak of; the fiat hail again gone forth that- "we" - were to make Vvtraeks," and Hugh;1 of course, had raised no dissentient voice. He litt le knew the elder man intended his escort to' accompany him ae faryhs- Yale upon the Eraser ; and that' if : tho younger should chopsc to proceed farther, than That hc:ul of . steam-navigation-boyoiul . which there was no jikelihopd of lorioliness and consequent fears for. the safety of the'trcasurc— he must shift as best he might. „ Hugh never thought of earthly thing , save of tlie diamond belt ; - he paced along by', Sandie's side like one in a dream, lost in a maze 'of perplexity; ' All, truly very, little; that he had thus far Been able to accomplish in the way of ob- \ iiipgirosspssiqn.of the diamonds was .the mak-;: irig, two, .or three' .ridiculously feeble.'. onu utterly , fruitless at tomb (s to get his companion into a 1 state of -intoxication, in the' belief ' that, once- drunk, plunder of Sandie's person would become ; gu easy matter. But the old inan was far too - 'cute to he thrown'off liis guard at such a time as , the present ; nor dared Hugh risk all by showing , his hand too plainly or too soon.' In only a 'few snore days the travellers must arrive at the port of embarkation ; and from that place,, as Hugh well knew, tho chances of get ting at the diamond belt wo'ulu he all but- gorie. v: I : > What. was tb-be-doneN - -< \- - ' . Sometimes that fickle godireSs whom -.men -ail Fortune will dioase the very riic-merit when our. once more in our direction : and our better lrock\ will spring from an apparently trivial incident. Indirectly, then, it was to so prosajp an aittiifie one of his own boots that HuglowciLthq \vi lining of the great prize. Worn and. patched' aiid shabby at first starting, these had been getiiiig-'ihore dii ' reputable- every wile of the'Iffiig v way, "until ."at: length" the sole .of one pj,f fed "from; the'.-upper leathers/and Hffgh's'stobkirigle¥s>'fbotkramb1'ihlo : coRkictwith , the rough pebbly .road. ' vb.tiwv.' "Look," lie saiil, breaking tbe; silence of: an liouv'a duration, '"! inn st tic this oa-to my boot with..piy rliandkcrchief. ..Let cus -stop "for - a, mmrito." ''' ' ' " ' . ; ' 'All right," growled ancient Sandio', and down they sat, HugirtoTiIna up liis boot and" its loose sole in the'best faShioii that he cb"iiTd,'Jracpirer- soh to keep Ills eyes on the road- tolorthward— - . northivaTd -where lay the mining .cities -they.had-' had loft behind them, and whcnce.ariy.who should think it worth while to follow themiraust come; ' Arid abovd :dnd- ardxiri.d.tlicm meantime swayed and sighed the gi ant' i>i ncs bending before tlie'in- -. fiuencc.oLthfl autuipnal hlast-.-. r-> "How-it blows, "/said' HfighV obrivcmtiorially- inclined. -I' I should .sa-y.it--4va»- heavys.weaitiier;' ontatsca." "Ay, it. storms same," returned his laconic master.- And.tlieiv grurnbliiigly added,--'-'. Ain't, you .fixed thpt ar.boot, yct." i j Bduglis andbranclics snap'ped->hcfe and tliere, making suspiciously .startling noises all-around ; but the qldman recked little oJithcm. From the place wlicreonlie sat he commanded an excellent view of tho'.long road' which -in t he 'distal-ice looked like a mere wliite.tbread between the two separate dense masses of tall trees ; and as far as eye couid- see,- dcserietl nothing that should make him un- ' eisy. Though, -hail he ri vetted liis gaze, not ripon- tne lonely, roadj but upon the brish: behind him,, he would, indeed,. have discovered grave cause for: fear. The day before our travellers arrived upon this spot, a passing party of Indians had bivouacked m tbo forest a few yards off the road, and upon quittmgtlie ground had carelessly left their 'fire ® j® Gtself; ; A slight breeze, precursor, of to-day ,s tearing wind, had been blowing at the timcjandtheiire, accommodating itself kindly to tlie situation, had 'spread over the space of several yards, and then died out again. But, as is so often the case, the flames, ; ere expiring, »ad wrapped round the base of - some of the hngo pine-trunks, finding in Uicir icanous /bark' -a ; congenial "stimulant,-- and mw bnrnt a large portion of them, away, one in - fecial nejy through, leaving 'intact- the" upper , o hundred : feet or so of 'ponderons stein 'and houghs and leaves. -.- , . . . thh wind that day was a gale. ' llaYing hound, up his dilapidated hoqt, v. funng to his feet, and old &mdie; .had pulletl lmself up by aid of liis formidable-looking staff, ue-prcserver as well las support,' when there canic '.drirash from the bush behind them, and in a Becqrid.of timo'hoth men were felled, "help less as ninepins, to the eartlri the younger, who. had only -heen bY a projecting arm of the prostrate leafy giant-, rose once more, daized and acning, and barely able to understand- what bad .ppencd, . Across the road stretched a huge it, frightfully crushed ahd yAdcxdnder Jlacphcrsori. At first tintfi so ncked that, as'.hc crept to Lis' mo- tonw\\-Com?anion's ,Eille; .some - good .impulse hinftiii V a0st f ope fhat.be sboulii not find alivPl' . :YcA Lad the ®ld.ma« been . .still BinHLinfoirM 0! F Perplexities arid longings tot bettS fedteg. a-tL ' Place ctmcrc-tr"- cut short chiefly gh dread lest anyone should pass, and oppqrtriiiity bq lost, " he lia' lofeehed.lficphert sori's.belt he fouiid it an eiiw. .task' to ilraw the belt away: from the body. But as he bound the much coveted treasure about his : wjiist and un. derneath hblooso, well- worn. garibaldi, -there was : in his heart no room for cxultationj but 'only for shuddering horror. , , ' The belt orice girded on, he cast .a. long nerv ous glance both' to north and south, to his intense relief ascertaining that no human being Was. in sight, then turned and fled the"" spot, nor stopped till he had put many miles between himself 'and the scene of disaster. Then, utterly wearied Out, he went osido among the trees, a few paces from the high road, sank down and slept' he' kiicw not how long. (to be. concluded in oub next.) , 