CHILDREN'S CORNER Gretelein and Her Queer Stove. —St. Nicholas. FAR off, over the blue waters, there is a queer little house, in a queer little German town. In this house there is a very strange tall stove; a stove nearly as high as a man, made of white porcelain, girdled with bands of brass which shine like burnished gold when the stream of eastern sunshiae gleams through the Binall-paned wiudow. In this house there lives a large family of children, with a dear father and mother to watoh over them, —Gretelein, Marie, .Fritz, and baby Lisette. Gretelein was an odd young girl, with great wide blue eyes, and two little yellow plaits of hair hanging straight down her back and tied with ribbons. One day, Gfetelein was left alone in th» family room, where the porcelain stove was. She looked cautiously around to see no one was peeping through the windows, then she crept Boftly on tip-toe to the stove and suddenly opened a little door in the upper part and peered into a sort of little oven. It was all of white porcelain, and looked like a cunning little white room. Many times before had Gretelein crept up to this stove and peered iuto her fairy house, as she called it; but it was always empty and silent as now. So Qretelein turned away with a sigh, her blue eyes wider and more wistful than ever. The next evening, when it was almost dusk, Gretelein sat on a little wooden chair close to the window, trying to finish a pair of woollen socks for the 4«ar father's birthday. No one else was in the room, and Gretelein often turned toward the tall stove, standing like a ghost in the pale light. It was growing too dark to see, the busy click of her needles stopped, and Greta* lein leaned back in her chair to rest Suddenly a soft noise attracted her notice ; it Bounded like the whirring of many wings. Quickly she stole across the floor, crept up to the stove, and with a quick motion opened the little porcelain door. What a strange sight met Gretelein's gaze ! —a Bight which made her eyes open wider than ever before, and her breath came think and fast through her startled lips. There, in the silent white chamber, thronged a restless mass of little people, each no bigger than her finger. Before Gretelein could recover, tbe tallest and hand* •omest of these little elves fluttered through the open door, alighting upon Gretelein's shoulder. "Well, Gretelein," shrilled the little man, " you have found us at last." She started so violently as tbe little elf spoke that he nearly lost his balance, and clutched at her dress to keep from failing. She was dreadfully frightened, and was on the point of running away ; she did wish tomeon* would come in ; she thought she would sever go near this dreadful stove again. How oquld she have been so foolish as to watoh for fairies, and to wish that she oould see them I "You are afraid of us," squeaked the little man. "You foolish child, don't you know.w* lived in this stove long before you were bora,— before your mother and father were born ?" " How could you live so long and not grow a bit ?" ventured Greteleia, under her breath. "We had something else to do, —we have to make everybody else grow ; we are your house* hold elves ; we work, oh, how hard we do work over you, even at night; we have to rack our poor brains to supply you with dreams ; you are such an unreasonable set, you mortals, that yon have to be amused even when you are asleep I Here, Dreams, wake up! It is almost night, time to begin work." Two drowsy little elves rolled from an obscure corner, and sat up rubbing their eyes ; one was a dreamy-faced fair-haired little fellow, the other looked in a surly way from under a pair of black brows. He had a strange, white, terrified look, and crept timidly behind his brother. "These," said the elf-king, "are Dream and Nightmare, starting out on their night's work. Grotclein was next attracted to a lively group in a corucr. Foremost among them utood the quocrest Kttlo man, with such a comical twist to his mouth, aud black merry eyes, that Gretelein laughed in spite of herself. " That," said the elf-king, " is Joke?, and that little chap next to him is Laughter ; and after Dream and Nightmare are through with you, before your eyes are fairly opened, Jokes jumps into your ear, and Laughter perches himself in the corners of your mouth, and such a whisk as he gives it! The little fellow hiding behind there, looking rather ashamed, is Mischief. But sometimes that scowling group in the other corner get ahead of this one. That little imp no bigger than your thumb-nail is Cross-patch. He is dreadfully troublesome aud hard to get rid of when he once fastens on you." Gretelein shrank in dismay from these wretched little elves, and wondered how anybody could allow them to fasten on them. Suddenly Gretelein's attention was arrested by a radiant little elf floating above all the others. "He fastened on Marie, yesterday," said Gretelein, " and I ought not to have blamed her so much, for after all it was not her fault, but that little imp's." " Hoity, toity! not so fast little maiden; if Marie had resolved that Cross-patch should leave, Crews-patch would have hnd to go. None of my elves ever stay where they are nofc wanted. Some are more easily frightened off than others. The uglier the imps are the tighter they hold, but the worst of them can be shaken off. There," he continued, "is a set that are hard to get rid of when once they take hold. This is Jealousy, and that Envy ; that miserable starveling is Selfishness, and that horrid toad is Gluttony." " Oh, how beautiful, how beautiful he is ! Why," aaid Gret«lein, "my dear mother looks like him, when she ben is to kits me good-night." " That," aaid the elf-king, " U Love. He stays nearly all the time with tbe dear mother; he otrnkvs her soft cheeks and smooths her brow ; he looks deep into her tender eyes until they rtbiuu so blue ; he hold i her gentle hands and panics them over Grctelein'* eyes when the it sick." " And the dear little angel who goea hand in hand with Love 1" "He," uid the elf king, "is called Faith." " And those glorious ones ?" aaked breathleu Qretelein. " They are Peace and Joy." " Oh, oh, oh 1" said Oretelein, " how I do love them I Will they stay with me, too, these four beautiful ones ?" She stretched her arms with a cry of entreaty and—woke with a great start The supper bell was ringing, Marie and Friti were standing in front of her laughing heartily, and the mother with baby Lisette in her arms was smiling down at her. Oretelein rubbed her eyes, then, suddenly remembering the fairies, she ran to the store and looked in. Thore was nothing there. " Oh, they have goue ! thoy have gone !" said Grotolein, the tears in her eyes. " You havo been dreaming," said the mother. " Let us go to supper ; after that, you can tell us your dream." Qretelein almost choked over the first mouth f uls. she was so sorry to find it was not really true. " Do tell us about it," said Marie. " Do, Qretelein," said Frits. " What did you expect to find in the stove V Qretelein was a brave girl, so she suppressed her own sorrow and told her dream. While they were talking, Gretelein sat in a brown study. She presently looked up with a smile. "It was true, after all," said Gretelein. " True !" exclaimed Fritz. *Do you take me for a dunce? You always were a silly thing that believed in ghosts and fairies. Girls haven't a bit of sense !" "There is one of them this moment, he i hanging in the corners of your mouth, and wrinkling up your nose," said Gretelein. Frits involuntarily put up his hand. " Pooa I what nonsense I" " And little Cross patch was on the point of making ugly frowns on my forehead only I asked him very politely to go away." The mother smiled down at Gretelein. "There, there," said Gretelein, "is that lovely little angel fairy looking from mother's eyes. Don't you see bin), children ? lam glad I had that dream," whispered Qretelein, nestling dose to her 