LOVE BEFORE THE MAST. ? o ? ' The captain of an English ship just arrived in port relates a singular story which is worth adding to the already extensive budget of marvellous tales of the ocean. The names of the captain and ship are not given, as sailors are proverbially sensitive about their veracity. The official log contained these entries: — ' ' August 15. latitude — , longitude — , James Colton, a stowaway, fell from the foretopgallant yard to the deck, and was instantly killed.' ' ' August 16, latitude — , longitude — , William Bean, an ordinary seaman, while the funeral service was being read over the body of Colton, jumped from the topgallant rail and sank immediately. Ship hove to at the time. A boat was lowered, but no traces of the man was iscerned. : '' That,' said the captain, ? is an entry that gives the key to tbe yarn I'll spin you,' as a Frisco Mail reporter sat in his cabin yesterday afternoon after the noonday meal. 'I shipped Bean in Liverpool. He was a tall, good-looking young tellow, and did not seem to be much of a seafaring man by his appearance, but he had a couple of good dis charges and 1 took him. After he went forward among the men I did not notice him again till the second day out. The mate came aft lugging along a little bit of a fellow with short curly hair and a round face, whom he found stowed away in the fore hatch. A lot of the men got around to see what I was going to say about it. ' 'What the blazes made you hide away in my ship 1 ' I said. He didn't answer a word, and seemed scared to death. Then Bean stepped out and said — ' ' I know that young man, captain ; he is an old chum of mine. He wanted to get a passage to California and had no money.' 'I swore some at them both, and then sent Colton off in charge of the third mate, who soon got him to work on a broom. He handled the broom pretty well, and took sort of to polishing up the brass work, and seemed so inclined to be industrious that I took him out of the mate's watch and gave him odd jobs about the cabin, lending the steward a hand and so on. He had all night in, and better grub than they got in the forecastle, but he always used to slip some of it forward to Beau. Those two were a good deal fogctlier on Bean's watch, and Colton would sometimes stay up all night with him. Then he got to like going aloft, and used to handle the royals as well as any ordinary seaman on board. One day the mate eaid to me, * I heard these two men, Bean and Colton, talking together last night, sir, and there was something queer about it. Bean was telling him that his mother and brothers would never forgive him, and the best thing to do when he got to San Francisco would be to write to some friends at home, but not to let his people know where lie was. Colton was crying and seemed to be very bad. I think Bean has made that boy Colton run away from school or something of the sort.' ' I tola the mate to make work as light as he could for him, and once when he brought a cup of tea up to me on the poep, I asked him if his friends knew that he had started for California. ''Oh, no,' he said, 'but I could not get along well at home, and I thought it best to go away.' ''You knew Bean well at home, did'nt you ? ' I asked. '? ' Yes, sir,' said he, and looked red and con fused. ' ' Did he induce you to run away ? ' ' 'No ; no, sir,' said he ; but he told me he was coming in this ship,' ' That was all I said about it then. A week or so afterwards when he was cleaning up my cabin he got hold of a photograph of my wife, which an artist in Liverpool had undertaken to color and had made a botch of it. ' ' Did you ever do any painting? ' I asked. He said he could paint a little, and I got a box of water-color paints from the third mate and some brushes, and gave him a few photo graphs to color. You see how he did it. He surprised me.' Then the captain opened his album and show ed the reporter some photographs which were very skillfully aud artistically retouched. 'I saw him once,*' continued the captain, 'painting the photograph of a fine .old lady. He told me it was Bean's mother, Well, to conic to the day the accident occurred. I was on deck at the time, aud Bean and Colton were sitting for'ard. I was just going to call the young chap aft to help the sailmaker, who was working on the poop, when a squall came along. The mate sang out, the royal halyards were let go, and Colton jumped into the fore rigging to get aloft and stow the foreroyal, for it was darkening up to windward. Bean also got into the rigging, and seemed to want to get up, but Colton got ahead of him. ' He laid out on the yard, got hold of the canvas, and the next thing we knew something came whirling down on deck with a thud that made me shudder. The first one at the poor fellow's side Avas Bean. He turned him over, for the face was turned towards the deck, and then fell down in a fit, and the boatswain attended to him. The watch carried Colton's body aft. His neck was broken. I pulied off the shirt and then I knew the whole story,''1 and the skipper took a glass of sherry, and his eyes were moist. ' ' What was the mystery ? ' asked the re porter. ' ' Well,' said the captain, -just this. CoUon did not belong to our side of the deck. The ody that 'was sewed up and launched into th* deep was a young woman, and she was Bean's wife, for I found the marriage certificate in Bean's trunk with some letters that partially explained the matter. But 111 tell you about that afterwards. As soon as Bean got right he came aft looking like a ghost,, aud he kneV by my face I had discovered the secret. ''Captain,', said he, taking off his hat, ' would you have any objection to letting me stay alone with it this night ?' 'I let him stay all night by the body, and I can imagine what the poor fellow suffered. I never saw such a despairing face on a man in my life as that which met mi when. I opened the cabin door and the hands were summoned for the funeral services. He stood by till the last moment, and when the body slipped off into the sea, and the shot carried it down, down, into the blue depth, he watched it until it disappeared. Then h,e jumped on the top gallant rail, and Tiefore anyone could grab him he was gone.' 'And the letters?' 'I hunted through his trunk,' said the skipper, ' and found a bundle of letters which I am going to enclose to his friends at home. From what I could learn from them it appears that Bean (which was an assumed name) was a young fellow of good family but very wild. The girl's people were also well off ami respectable. She knew him from a boy and ran away with him, and they were married. He went to sea after that and she went bach to school. WTun he returned they tried to make it tip with the old folks, but they would not have it. So the young I fools, without a sixpence to bless themselves ] with, came on board my ship. Sounds like a, novel, but it is all just as I told you, and here are the proofs.' 'Have you any objection to my giving the name of the ship ? ' said the reporter. ' Well,' said the skipper, 'I don't like that sort of sensation, and the owners don't want these sort of things about the ship in the papers. Here is the boat alongside,' said the captain, and the reporter took a seat in the stern sheets and was soon at the landing. 