GENERAL NEWS. The Holmsdale has arrived from England with 400 immigrants. The Old Course Committee have announced their intention of holding a race meeting on New Year's Day, and it is not unlikely that they will hold a steeplechase meeting in September. They have determined on adding a gold cup to the next Queen's Birth day Handicap, and in a day or two will issue the conditions of this, event and of the Adelaide Stakes and Nursery Handicap for May, 1881. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Thursday and tke same hour on Friday is registered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0180 Caltowie ... 0-050 Georgetown ... 0*020 Kooringa ... 0010 Clare ... 0*130 Hojleton ... 0020 Kadina ... 0*020 Yorketown ... 0170 Edithburg ... 0*400 Xapunda ... 9'320 Gawler ... 0*280 Mount Pleasant 0 600 Mount Torrens 0*610 Mount Barker 0*460 Willunga ... 0*515 Fowler's Bay... 0*040 Port Lincoln ... 0 060 Kingscote ... 0*040 Goolwa ... 0*120 Kupton ... - 0*410 Narracoorte ... 0*480 Millicent ... 0*160 The Government Port Pirie ... 0050 Jamestown ... 0*090 Redhill ... 0*110 Farrell's Flat... 0 070 Auburn ... O'llO Balaklava ... 0*035 Maitland ... 0 030 Stansbury ... 0220 Riverton ... 0*100 Tanunda ...' 0*535 Mannum ... 0'090 Gumeracha ... 0*910 Norlunga ... 0 220 Strathalbyn ... 0 300 Normanville ... 0*280 Streaky Bay ... 0 020 Cape Eorda ... 0*315 Port Elliot ... 0 200 Meningie ... 0*100 Robe ... ... O'OSO Penola 0*330 , Mount Gambier 0*960 have determined to commence at once an effective survey of the Biver Murray in accordance with the suggestions of the President of the Marine Board. Captain Howard, R.N., has been chosen to carry out the work. " 'Die Treasurer gave notice in the Assembly on Thursday, that on Tuesday next he will move "Than in the opinion of this House it is desirable that a new Assembly Chamber should beat once erected, and addi tional acc&mmodation; provided for the members and officers of the House." Upon the third reading of the Blyth and Gladstone Railway Bill being brought forward in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon, Mr. Fowler moved that the measure be read a third time that day six months, and in a carefully prepared speech advanced his reasons for thiuking that it would be unwise "for the House to sanction this line at present. He urged three grounds for his opposition—firstly, that the line was not required; secondly, that if a line were needed that recommended by the Railway Commission four years ago was infinitely preferable to that proposed by the Government; and thirdly, that the line proposed, instead of benefiting the dis trict through which it would pass, to any great extent, would actually retard its progress. Messrs. Hare, Rounsevell, and Ross spoke in favor of Mr. Fowler's amendment, and then as no one else appeared anxious to rise, the Com missioner of Public "Works addressed the House on behalf of the measure, pointing out that Bills to carry out the two ends of this line had been passed in that Chamber last session, and arguing that the line would be a most useful one to the district through which it would pass, and would be valuable as af fording through communication between the northern and southern portions of the colony. Mr. Darling rose to speak, but was ruled to be out of order, the Speaker stating that the Com missioner had replied. A division was then taken and resulted in a majority of eight in favor of Mr. Fowler's amendment, so that the Bill was thrown out. After the division had been taken, Mr. Ross on a point of order called the Speaker's attention to the ruling he had given, that the Commissioner of Public Works having replied there could be no further debate, and asked if there was any reply on the third read ing of; a Bill, as several hon. members had been anxious to speak, not so much perhaps to that House as to their constituents. The Speaker acknowledged that he had made a mis take, having confused the third stage of the measure with the second reading. The action taken by the Government to relieve the pressure on the labor market by find ing employment for a number of men on the Nairne and Hallett Railways appears to have had the desired effect, as applications are much less numerous than they were a few days since, some 750 men being now engaged on the works. The rate paid on the Nairne line is 5s. per day, and 550 men are employed, but some of them at piecework on earth cuttings and embankments; others are stonebreaking in the yards at North Adelaide at 2s. 6d. the cubic yard. There are 200 men on piecework on the Hallett line. An agitation is on foot to increase this rate to the amount paid by the Corporation, 2s. 9d. per yard, bnt it appears there are objections to the Government entering into compe tition with the Corporation; and as tbs municipal stonebreakers will shortly have completed all the maintenance metal re quired for the roads, these men will b9 at liberty to work for the Government, and the rate of pay may then be increased if deemed requisite. The attractions that are offered by a Government job near town, even at a com parately low rate of wages, are sufficient to induce men to flock from the country districts, and leave farmers and others who require their labor, ■ so that it cannot be said that the 700 men who have been taken on by the Government daring the last three weeks were absolutely in want, or that all of them were without employment. A member of the firm of Barry, Brooks, & Fraser, the contractors"*for the Port Augusta line, is now in Adelaide, and he has signified his readi ness to engage 100 or 200 men to start for Port Augusta at the end of the present week, if he can be allowed to make a selection, and not take them at haphazard from a crowd of un skilled and possibly idle persons. The con tractors wish the Government to land these men at Port Augusta, when they will find them em ployment at good remunerative wages. As a test of who really require employment and those who only clamor for it in the hope that it will not be forthcoming, the stonebreaking at North Adelaide seems to be very effective Two lots of thirty and fifty each who were sent to do this work threw down their hammers and cleared off because they were not getting more than 2s. 3d. per yard. The evidence of contractors of large experience shows that laborers will leave an ordinary contract at any time for a Government job even at lower wages, so that the department do not feel justified in offering high rates to enter into competition with private enterprise, and to drain the labor market, when their object is merely to prevent want or destitution until the men get better employment and are dispersed about the country. One large gang are at present at work at the crossing of the Nairne line on the Port-road, and another gang about eight mile's away near Belair. The consequence of proceeding with the work in this way will be that the first ten miles of the Nairne Railway will be finished some six months earlier than was anticipated, and the pressure on the officers of the engineering department is such as to keep them going almost night and .day. "Within a very short time tenders will be called for the James town and Yengala Railway, and this will further tend to absorb any superfluous labor that may be in the market. The Waterworks Bates Department has been removed from the offices at the corner of Freeman and Flinders streets to a suite of rooms at the corner of Franklin and Bentham streets, known as Fraser Chambers. More robberies have been committed at Kanyaba. The tent of Mr, Mills, a baker, was entered, and a box which usually contained money was taken from under a bed. Fortu nately for Mr. Mills be had been warned by recent events, and bad removed his money from this box to a safer place. A Chinese store was also plundered, a large quantity of bacon being cariiedoff. On Thursday evening, June 26, Mrs. Gaw'er read a paper on '* Cottage Cookery" at the City Mission Hall to a large and apprecia tive' audience. Mr." G. S. Fowler, M.P., pre sided. At intervals during the eveniug read ings and songs were rendered by the Kev. G. 0. Elcum, Mrs. Briud, Miss Gawler, and other friends. Mr. Boult presided at the pianoforte. A public meeting of citizens is to be held at the Town Hall this evening to give them au opportunity of deciding whether they are will ing to grant the concession of a large portion of ■ Park Lands as asked for in a Bill, to enable the Commissioner of Public Works to take a portion of the Park Lands, now before Parliament, The chair will be taken by the Mayor. Ou Thursday evening, June 26, Mr. 0 F. Husband exhibited his beautiful diorama illustrative of events in the life of Christ at St. Paul's Schoolroom, Flinders-street. There was a large attendance, and the exhibition was much enjoyed. At the close of the entertainment the Very Kev. Dean Russell expressed his entire satisfaction with the exhibition, which he said was of an elevating and interesting character. Mr. Husband, it is understood, purposes visiting all the schools, if sufficient inducement is pre sented, for the purpose of exhibiting these at tractive dioramic scenes. The Committee of the Adelaide City Mission met on Thursday afternoon, June 26, in the vestry of the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street. The following, members were present:—Messrs. J. M. Dowie (in the chair), J. Smith, J. Scott, J.P., J. Steele, J. J. Green, D. Eobib, J. Hooker, J. S. Knox, G. Staoe, Beva. J. Lyall and M. J. Birks. The Entertainment Committee reported in reference to the lectures and concerts now beiug giveu. It was thought desirable to arrange a series of special services to he held in the hall after the close of the series of entertainments, the Secretaries^ to make the necessary arrangements. The time and place were fixed for holdiog the annual meeting, and the officers and Oommitte were nominated for next year. It was reported that the Mission Hall Sunday-school was greatly in need of additional library-books for the scholars. A seaman of tbe sbip Laju, now lying at Maclaren lVharf, Port Adelaide, named Wm. Hicking. was missed on Thursday morning, June 26, under rather peculiar circumstances. He had been drinking somewhat freely during the previous night with some sailors of_ the Harvest Home, which craft was lying alongside his vessel, and after r eturnin g to the Laj n he went to his bunk At about 2 o'clock in the morning he was seen by tbe man on watch to again leave the vessel, apparently to go on board the Harvest Home Shortly afterwards a splash was heard, but singularlv enough no ■ notice was taken of i j. At 6 o'clock on Thursday morning Hicking was found to he missing, and as all his clothes and his hat were in his bunk, it was pretty clear that he had not deserted. . Some one then re membered that be heard the splash, and the river was dragged for hours, but nothing was found. The police have also searched all the public- houses in the Port, but have been unable to discover the missing man. A meeting of the executive of the Young Men's Christian Association was held on Thursday, June 26. There were preseut Mr. R. Searle (President) in the cbair, the Very Rev. Dean Russell, B.D., the Revs. O. Copland, W. R Fletcher, M.A., S. Mead, MA., LL.B., the Hon. John Colton, Messrs. J. F. Conigrave, T. W. Harris, W. Pomeroy, "Walker, and the Secretary. An animated debate took place as to the proposed new building, and a hope was expressed that very shortly the Association would enter into possession of a large building in Gawler-place, where there would be ample accommodation not only for the direct religious work of tbe Association, but also for tbe estab lishment of a Club for young men, in connection with which would be provided reading, coffee, and smokiDg rooms, a gymnasium, a large room for meetings, and class-rooms. It was stated that the Seamen's Mission Committee had undertaken to deliver the Associatiou cards of invitation to all young men arriving in Port Adelaide by ocean steamsrs and other vessels, and that by this means they would be intro duced to the Secretary, and would be brought to the rooms, where a friendly welcome and ready assistance would be offered to them. The fortnight's work done by the Committee was reported upon, and the proceedings terminated* "Writing -with reference to tire Port Victor Breakwater work tbe Southern Argus says it is progressing slowly but surely. "The tunnel that was blasted some few weeks ago, and which, unfortunately, was not so com pletely disturbed as was hoped, has undergone some clearing and further extension, and it is expected to fire it again shortly, when, no doubt, a mixture of dynamite and powder will open out a cavity such as will at once give an abundance of large boulders to work upon. The ' sea' tunnel has been driven in nearly a hundred feet, but will not be ready for some weeks yet for firing. This tunnel is being successfully bored by the aid of the air com pressor engine. The twenty- ton crane is at work, and a sight worth seeing is the ease and facility with which it drags out and lifts as_a feather the huge pieces of rock that have lain secure and embedded for thousands of years transhipping them to where it is to be hoped they may henceforth rest. Mr. Robb has an ex traordinary lot of machinery on the ground; and when more stone is at liberty we expect to see a more rapid extension of the breakwater than up to the present is perceptible.. _ The piles are being driven for the screw-pile jetty, which will not be long before completed, and no doubt will be very useful." A strange ghost story (says the Birming ham Gazette) comes from "Wales. There is a Friendly Society at Pontardawe, in the Swansea Valley, among whose rules is one that the funeral allowance on account of a deceased member shall not be paid in cases of suicide. One of the members recently died by his own hand, and the Club accordingly refused to pay the death-money. For this reasonable and just refusal the members are now complaining that they are subjected to serious persecution from an unseen and presumably a ghostly agent. The manifestations began on a recent Sunday, when one of the officers, returning home over a lonely read, was assailed, as he asserts, by the spirit of the late member, who, failing to obtain a satisfactory reply to his demand for the money, in a somewhat unspiritlike manner assailed the unfortunate man, and actually " tore his clothes to ribbons." Such, at least, was the account he gave in tones of horror at the first public-house he came to after this terrific encounter. But the ghost does not appear to have been satisfied with this demon stration. On the following Tuesday evening, whilst the members were assembled in the Lodge-room, the usual knocks were heard at the door as of a brother seeking admittance. The door was opened, but no one was to be seen. The members, however, are all very certain that they heard the voice of the deceased utter the words — " Pay my widow my funeral money and then I shall be at rest." The meeting precipitately broke up, and the members are now puzzled to know what to do with such a determined deceased brother. At the -weekly meeting of the Inter national Exhibition Commission of Sydney held on Friday, June 20, the Executive Commis sioner reported (says the Herald) that sixty bays of the building, representing an area of 87,500 feet, are complete and ready for occupa tion. These form part of the space allotted to Europe. Her Majesty the Queen, it was grati fying to announce, had promised to lend the following pictures:—1. Belli's copy of "The Royal Family," from Buckingham Palace. 2. "The Coronation," by Leslie, from "Windsor Castle. 3.The Marriage of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales," from Windsor Castle. 4. "The Procession of Thanksgiving at St. Paul's," by Chevalier. The Society of Arts would send two pictures, one by Lawrence. The Royal Academy cannot send the diploma pictures, but the Council had issued a circular to all the R.A.'s and A.R.A.'s, and also to the members of the Old and New Water Color Societies, and to the Insti tute of British Architects, asking for contribu tions. The Science and Art Department of South Kensington was collecting and packing all the things asked from them, including the reproductions of the plate at Windsor, and the regalia in the Tower. The Committee on Art reported, after a careful consideration of all the drawings sent in for competition for the prize offered for a certificate of merit, it was of opinion that no single design was of sufficient merit "to be accepted without alteration. It was, however, considered that one design, bearing the motto Sidere mens eadem mutato, had so much merit, that it was advisable to accept its main features, and submit some of the details to tbe revision of a third party. This had been done, and the original design, together with the re • cast, have been forwarded to the care of the Commissioners for the United States, with full directions as to seeing to its artistic improve ment, even by the employment of some eminent artist, if necessary, before it is entrusted to the American National Bank Note. Company, to be engraved on steel. 