original poetry. A CHRISTMAS CAROL. By Ovens Man. All hail ! 01 i Christmas, ever welcome time, Though winter reigns, or in a sunnier clime No sun can burn, no sea can wash away The recollections clinging round that day. Nor time, nor death, nor distance can remove Thy still restoring memories of love. Like living ivy round the ruined wall You shelter fading pictures, and recall The shade of scenes forgotten, faces stilled, And keep the cup of memory re-filled. Long may you last as you have ever been, Old-fashioned, merry, sad, but always green ; ' All hail, f >r with you comes a sweeter air, Dispelling clouds and making light of care. Renewing, friendships, banishing all hate,: And meeting every comer at the gate With open arms, asking strangers in, Not caring who, or what they are, a pin ; And when you next bur fancies fond renew, May all of 11s be here to welcome you. Christmas Host loquitur : " Step in, my friend ; you're welcome; do not turn. This is the day, you know, that Christ was born. Come in and drink ; you need not take it hot ; . ' j And share with us the luck that's in the pot. -The whiskey's Kinahan's ; the wine i3 native, And both of love and kindness most creative; Or if such cheer and you are at defiance, There's raspberry and ginger ale from Lyon's. And tea from Younger's, peifumed, Orientis, That cheers, they say, but keeps you compos mentis. There's coffee too— but hold ! I vow I'm loyal, , Pray let me' make it just a leeile " royal. " I see you've got a pain in the abdomen ; One drop ! — That's right — so, here's to " Lovely Woman." ; " ; And. now, the oath being taken, you are i — proven. ....... Sirloin and geese are roasting : in the oven ; . " And in xthe boiler, too, with raisins bud- i . 4 . ! " There; lies a spicy, sweet and huge plum- i pudding. ' .;. Mind,, keep a corner for that same, be- i 4; . cause:.. . (We always take it here "with brandy sauce: .Our fruit is fresh,, the trees it grows upon Are green ; I could not offer that at home; Nor yet the diningroom, for love or money. 'Tis all at fresco, sweet and cool, though sunny. , . - But though the air. is warm, if you are nice . A.bout .xour,GUquot, then, dear Sir, there's ice.,,!.'; '' ; ! -s v". ;J:4 . - But first, good mend, I'll' take you' ih. to \- lunch. . ,7- We wash it down,! this; year, -with Roman punch. Well no — of course — I ' quite forgot a minute, ; -. a . In your case, Sir, I vow there's . nothing in it: ' -4-i - . .. Novy take some pepperment, and come this way, 4 And know, my wife, my hands are full to-day." In troop great crowds of friend3 and , , : neighbor?, all Lq.hoiiday attii:e, both great arid small ; The children decked in ribbons, muslin, rgauze, .1. And bearing last night's gifts from Santa Claus. The tables liued, the feast the guests besin. New friends at every, moment crowding in; Each scliSo'l-bpy seems, though : eating for h'ishfd, .".V" r V'"' M ! i ' No time -to "see who's 1 flirting : with your .. wife. -- - '.''" " xg- 1 ' 4 ' .4. >' Nor, ;where "your sweetheart's seated, nor ' which end . < For beef, or goose, or turkey you must send ; And /yet, amidst confusion worse con-: 4 founded, _i All get their v.ants;supplied, for " helps" 1 > ;-.-abounded. ; / , ' j But lo ! a sudden hush comes over all, ; 'Tisflowly. swiftly, whispered through that hall ; ' . - ' "The pudding's' missing, though the table's cleared, ! Whiff ! up the chimney it has disap peared." 4 : ; So says the kitchenmaid, so says the cook ; The host, he stamps and swears - by bell and book ' , , : He'll eat tie kitchenmaid, of find the . cause ; " .4 ' ' All !" said a child, " perhaps 'twas Santa / , Claus." 4 - E'en while tlie terror lasts, some hoys in tears, ; The missing pudding suddenly appears ; ; !'T was after all a sly and liostly ruse j '. He saicl it added strength to brandy sauce. But soon that pudding really vanishes, Sniall by degrees.- but hianifestly less ; j Tim cloth removed, the rapid toasts begiii . To J ' absent friends',"; and to tlie " Christ mas in." -- ! A»;l .to! -tithe 'next,- when ; maidens here to-day, ' . -t; c r . ' '..4"! ;/// I Who lienor now and love will then obey j" And here I saw some pretty muslm crushed, An.l why ! I know not ; but their owners biiiohed. . TTi.; tallies cleared, soft sounds of music rise, And claiming is cnumeiieeil beuc-afli the \ U tti; %. i hVPi . jTf; All onh enjoyment; bjent/bbth . ol4' HMl flyoqin,/: "hv, "4; in- ((toct/eye, ' " . M tongue. . " ft All seemed 'agreed that -tfll- the daj twt;', done, There should be wild abandonment to has I saw the gentleman who'd had tEepMBf Tm sure he had the pain and cure agftite The host assuring him the peppermint Had nothing- whatsoever-naugbty in't ; But yet that coffee, or the mint, I fear, Contained a something that at least queer. fl He danced, he sang, he kissed' the parioc "7 maid, Twas only pudding or the sauce, he said ; But if his wife at home had seen him do it, I'm sure that little totaller would ran it> They had no mistletoe, to cure the blunder, , Each man kissed, every girl that wasn't : under ; . . Like Bret Harte's Chinaman, who looked \- 30 bland, That was a game .they did not understand. Christmas loquitur : Methought I wandered round that night, Peace reigning everywhere.; My. heart wa3 filled with calm delight To see those gathered there. . I dreamt of where they saw me first, And bitter thoughts arose Of pain, and misery accurst, ' Among the winter snows. Men unemployed, and mothers ill, And famine stalking gaunt, Where crowds the squalid: household fill, And children die of want. "While here the very air gives birth To peacefulness and rest, . A child may sleep upon the earth, As on a mother's breast. Here plenty can be always found, And he may work who can ; "His labor from the teeming earth Remunerates the man. Here each is for his merit sought, A fair day's wage is paid him, And rank and title go for nought, Each man being what God made him. Yet crafty men here sow the seeds That fester in the sua ; Oh ! Freedom, what abhorrent deeds In thy great name are done. Away with such a tristful-mood, There's time for that hereafter ; I wander further through the wood, Amongst the mirth and laughter. I listen to the various groups, . Some stretched upon the grass ; The children all in noisy troops, Some silent as I pass. Two pairs of lovers, near I drew, 'Each told that story old— - The one sweet tale,, but seeming two, So differently told. First hove Scene: ' "-'4 . 4 4 A FACT./.. T " A year hasjpassed, dear Kate, since last ' we met' On that lake shore .at home beyond the sea — Long time to me of pain and fond regret, For,, Kate, you looked, though saidmtf, 'Follow me.'" " Ah ! spare me, "Will, I did not meNfc it v. so— I .might have looked it, 'twas so hud to part — I wished so earnestly I might not go, Leaving you lonely with so sad a heart." "That hateful suitor still pursues mo here ; ' ' My father'3 obdurate. Oh ! WiU, She \- said, " You cannot know how much I've stif - fered dear — A mother lying ill, a sister dead." " You speak of hearts," said Will, ct an though they're given To .suffer only ; but their dictates should Be hearkened to, as would a voice from heaven. But, Kate, forgive me. in this angiy , ; mood." " Do net upbraid me, Will, ' my heart in H,- vyours. 1 ' Whate'ei betides,' you're all the world to' " i . me ... ;// ' ' So long as life and memory endures ; But we - must wait, and better times may . j be." : . " 'Tis hard to. bear," he said, "this. cote.) .staht dread, . 4 Counting'the lingering hours from day tori Feeding on bitte'r thoughts, best left' . .unsaid,. -77 v . Wearing in grief the longing heart away." ' And do you think," said Kate, " you are alone' In wishing that we parted nevermore, Or that these sadful thoughts are all your own,- Or . that I, too, grieve not to the core. Now;, hear me, Will, for by that cross I ' vow, a Which shines upon us now, as ne'er before, When that cornea round to that same spot as now I, will be yours — for aye and evermore 1" "A. year — another year!" cries longing ' Jack, ' ,-.t. But 'tis as well — the promise fairly given; Arid dearest Kate, if living;1 I'll be back-A To .claim it surely as that cross in heaven." ti.-Y-.iV v!-.:-," Second Love Scene. v ( " New.Paddy, my dear, don't be, coming so near, 'Tisn't dacent, while all the bright skuts look on." Says Pat, " 'Ti3 the dread that's got into my head, (That's bring me close now the light; ... .gone." ( " 'Tis that laughing jackass, making fun as we pass, - - _ ' And tliat mopoke, the noise he is malting there, And sure every fern, it gives me a turn, And sets me all over a quaking, dear. " For. no ghost or bansliee can again ; hotherme, ;,4 74 With my arm round your waist arid you close beside, Nor even a fairy can come near a Mary, For that is a name that they can't abide." "But thatisno reason," says she, "you keep squeezin' ; _ " Its a cramp in my arm," says coaxing Pat. " There's "no cramp on the tips of your . fingers or lips, ; . ,.,.119 And what is the good of a kiss like that -' Now don't you be joking, and fun at me v -nnVfnor. You know that the kiss that just nowl Was -richer than money and. sweeter than Honey, 4 , „ So give me another, asthore, for luck. Says she, " hut tlie bees will sting if you AricUnS'. ypu know the sting's lo . come." _ ..', Says Pat,. " that's nqt true, for sure it 1 Are the flower the bee get the honey : from." . 1 So Christinas passed among tlie jojous j The lonsquict and the And vowed next year lied ui/-w | To ? tl'iataange3 had occurred that J day. I 