WE have no desire to Jurfoty exalt Ballara Bat at & time when frantic endeavoars are being made to decry tbe general prosperity of the colony, we may~be excused for being a little complimentary to this town, because it presents so cnmtstakably tbe other side o tbe pictare. That a steady and general improvement in tbe trade of Ballarat has taken place within tbe last two years cannot be denied. The advance which has occurred in the valae o freehold property in tbe town bears conclusiv testimony to this fact, besides strengthening tbe feeling of confidence with which tbe future is regarded. Ballarat has certainly a stiff backbone to it, not alone in tbe interest which is taken hereiu mining, and th active and wide-spread enterprise which that interest prod aces, bat also through bein in tbe immediate neighborhood of some rich agricultural coantry^wbich yields large qaantities of grass and root crops in almost all seasons. It is also the centre of an excellent system of railway communication, and the borne of & very energetic population. It is little wonder then, perhaps, that few complaints are heard heft as to tbe state of trade; that a good eoond weekly average irasinees is. maintained ; that skilled-labor here has 00 diffi- culty in findingemployment, and that generally speaking everything in Ballarat is in a sound and hopeful condition' Nevertheless it is necessary to make this proclamation from the house-tops occasionally; otherwise we shonld be included with the rest of the colony, which, according to the Conservative papers, is going- headlong 1 to rain and destruction; and no ioclosioQ of this kind can be tolerated for a single moment. Now it is difficult to come to an -exact conclusion as to the wealth of any town or community, because no information of the kind is supplied by the mnnictpa! returns or by Mr Hatteb's annual statistics. But we think we can form something like an approximate estimate of the prosperity,- the saving habits, and thrift of the Ball&rat; people; and, proceeding on this coarse it will be readily Ken that there iB no exaggeration in saying that if Victoria ia going to the dogs, Ballarat . jxlobV certainly be excepted from the approaching calamity. We bave before ns the -half-yearly balancesheet of tbe J&larat; Banting Company, winch will be read at the half- yearly meeting of shareholders, to be held on Friday, the 7th of next month; and It speaks trumpet-tongued in favor of tbe above conclusion. The Ballarat Banking Company is essentially-* Jocal institution. Ithas nootber officebut the one.here in ]$a) larat; and therefo it supplies a very sound i&sis; tp ressonpn because it shows tbe whole ctf/ th& b»a£aoB . it tra&Bacts; in this :;tcrtr&,' smd jwbidi business, is in .do way mixed ip with offices established in-other centrea. . -This 1 is cot the case 'Vith the^-other banks here, because their xesplte are merged in the returna of otber^-offices ^connected with each corporation. --Tbetr-trafisactaongfthere fore, appear in tbe lamp; consequently me is we bave no means of ascertaining bow each bl' of the Associated Banks trading here~B O getting on locally, or what amount of capita air e it bolds. belonging:?*) the inhabitants of: this e. centre. But it is quite, possible to work out a calculation of this kind bj analogy ; and adopting t&s; plan, 'tlra resdtxs ehown to be eminently 'satisfactory and? qgassurmg. The last "balance-sheet issued t>y ^ttte Ba larat Banking Company : &fcowa; that on the 31st of laBtttooth^bHe wm no tesi a Sim' than £121,000 on deposit with that institution. Now, we may reasonably infer that side. wealthy banks of long standing in this £ tows, audi as tbe laoodoc; Chartered Bank tbe Bank of Yictori*,1faeSaBk of Australasia the XJmon .Bank,tbe Ba&k; of New Sooth Wales, tbe CoIoniflt^Bask of Australasia, and Commensal Bank 9 'witb pabaps one o , two exceptions, bold-far more money on susd deposit than wbat^Md iby tbe Ballarat Banking Company te~tbe same way. Bat ges. if each of those -banks ti&dno; more ^' than && eqmvslent- amount on deposit than toe the Ballarat - Bazfting : Company does, then there would be no leas a sum than £1,089,000 on deposit with tfieHifferent banKp_berp ;. and A stronger BOt ^^yifio^lBftijj^lsJ^ , matter of-foct, ^be-sain ^-deposit Iwre i cozuidereUy in*exoBBB of thsi amount' we have jut idescribed« ^be^epQ«ia.»t the t.wo.loqd pavings banks are ^t iztdoded jn that estimate; neither are the deposits at Messrs Oddie and Co.'s Land Bank taken into account; nor are the larger deposits held by some of the older banks bronght into the connection. If, however, all these retarns could be obtained and heaped together, there can be no donbt tha the £1,089,000 mentioned above woold be vastly increased, and that the deposits with the banks in this town woold not fall far short of two millions sterling. If, then, the colony is breaking down, Ballarat mast not be -included in the. declension. If Victorians elsewhere are- ^ettingbard np,Ballaratis growing wealthy. If tiie fact of the Liberal party holding the reins of government is injurious to the colony generally, it is<»rtain!y not-damaging to Ballarat.' And this conclusion is established by -the-, above facts and figures, or by the large amount of mo wh&h; the Ballarat people have on deposit To suppose- that the colony is falling off in prosperity is of courseadowuright absurdity and is only urged to serve a political purpose.: For the real truth is that'Victoriais thoroughly sound in everything "that conduces to national prosperity and individual -advancement. -Sot, whatever may be alleg to the contrary effect, or to disturb' this conclusion, one .thing is certain. The -jast published balancesheet of the Ballarat Banking Company enables ns to show that .a vast amount o accumulation is going op in this town; and so long as this is the fact, the district mas be wel-to-do and progressive. Generally speaking, however, the balance-sheet of th Ballarat Banking Company has appeared most opportunely to restore public confidence in the financialcondition qf this colony, and to put down a most wicked and atrocions slander. A week usually elapsed between the arrival of English mail at Albany, Woteru Australia, and the delivery of the letters at BaUaxat. Reasonable complaint -has been made that the hoisting of the mail flag at the C-ity Hall when the steamer is at the former place deprives it'olf all interest, owing to delay prior to receipt of correspondence. The City Council haa therefore decided that in future the flag shall not be hoisted at the Town Hall until the arrival of the -mair&t; Addiide. The " yellow agony," which has been inflicting some twinges of unpleasantness upon the residents of Ballarat East-of late, was - mentioned at the meeting of the Town Co audi last right, but, as a required report was not'forthcoming, the consideration of the disease and its alleviation .was postponed for a fortnight. James Dwyer, who was arrested on a charge of assaulting a fcrmer named Keneally at Warrenheip some days ago, was admitted to bail yesterday on bis own surety of £100 and two sureties of *£50 each; Dr Nicholson having certified that Mr Reneally was now out of danger. The great walking match between Edwards and Abley was continues yesterday with somewhat varying fortunes. At midnight on Thursday Abley had obtained by floe travelling a lead of six laps. The local ped. did not" lose his lead, but through the wearied hours of the "all watched night" he kept up the pace, Edwards still maintaining a steady pace with his long swinging t. stride. The difference in the style of the competitors wag tbe theme of general comment; tbe hard working manner of Abley contrasting rather unfavorably with the steady finished performance of hia practised opponent. Little variation in the time of each mile was naliced up till noon yesterday, when Abley had a lead of fourteen laps f (eighteen to the tn3e) ia the sixty-fourth mile, and he was still going strongly, both men making the very good performance -of..over sixty-three miles in fourteen hours, with thirty-four hours' work before them. At half-past twelve Abley retired f for rest and refreshment, but Edwards kept on e and made np the distaoce tbe other bad gained on him, retiring at forty- one minutes past twelve. After an interval of thirteen minutes Abley reappeared, and took iip tbe walking again, Edwards joining him after twenty- nine minutes' spell, by which time Abley had a mile and a lap to the good. Shortly before two the board showed — Abley, e seventy; Edwards, sixty-nine miles. Each man then rested a few minutes, and at" seven minutes past g two the telegraph' showed—Abley, seventyone ; Edwards, seventy miles. The heat in the room now became intense, though the floor was kept well damped, but in spite oT the weather fee men travelled well, though thfey-both showed the effect of their exertions slightly. At ten o'clock Abley retired for a few minutes, and Edwards made up the distance he had lost, and both men started leveL Edwards then got away from Abley. and completed bis hundredth mile at twenty-seven minutes past nine, Abley topping the century twenty-one minutes later. It wil be seen by this that both rnen had completed the 100 miles under the twenty-four hours, and that too with the same length of time still to continue the contest. Abley then spelled for nearly s hour, and Edwards continuing on tbe track got lead of three miles and two laps. Abley's tinu for the mile varied from 10£ minutes to 1G minutes, while Edwards occupied in completing the mile from 11 to 15 minutes. Abley made a bad selection in tbe boots he wore'at "the commencement of the match, and they punished bis feet very mnch^ but during tbe day he wore with more comfort a pair of shoes placed at his disposal by his opponent. Last night be expressed himself as quite fresh, but that tbe lace-up boots' he bad worn at first had severely hurt his feet. Edwards did not show his exertions very mud), and at a quarter to twelve last night both men were going strongly, the telegraph marking Edwards 108 miles and Abley 104 miles" seventeen laps. Edwards then retired for an hoar, and Abley kept on the track. During the day tbe attendance averaged pretty well, and towards evening it increased very considerably, a very lively interest being shown in the fortunes of the peds; Abley's evidently saperior stamina speaking in his favor, aad Edwards' previous performances-and • artistic style-prom»iog a fine performance from hhn. To-night will see the last of this great trial, and so great has been the public interest: io-it hit4»rto.^hat >the finish will no doubt be before a crowded house. The accommodation for visitors is very .good, the gallery being reserved for ladies, and there being numerous seats arranged .round tbe bail- for the convenience of the sterner sex. ' The Question of the steps to be taken necessary to obtain a post, money order, and telegraph office combined,, occupied the' -attention of die Town Council at its meeting last night. Applications bave already been madejo the Government, and pending answers to tjyeg thcDon*id£ration of the matter was postponed.for a..fortnight, Councillor SooU giving notice that be ^rodd move at. thenext meeting that theinatterbe^hen considered. re , sa The balabce-aheet andxepori. for the half year of the. BallantUankjng-Cnmpjiny, presented to the shareholders in anticipation of the general meeting to be held on tbe 7th proximo, was handed to .us yesterday, by-whjch we notice the bankh^s hkdianothertaejryiffuecesatal half-year, notwithstanding the opinion expressed in banking to circles that the ps$t ha^nptrbeen generally favorable for banking business.'. We note the following -priadpal items from-the -balance-sheet, giving the corresponding items of the* previous half-year in parentheses for comparison: — Capital account paid-up, £74,825 (£73£15); deposits, l £121,444 17s 19d (jEU 7,812 16s 2-" cash an band _and with bankers, £29,687 19s (£18,064 9s 83). Tbe total "amount of profits at credit of the profit and Ion account shows £10,087 , 2s 6<J, as against £9431 $s lOd in the previous half-year. Under tbe bead of hills discounted, the sum of £190,61319* Sd is set down; that of the:half-year previously having been £197,223 l-17s, showing that discounts have been restricted. This we believe has been the general tendency with, the banks„where_pEacticaWe to - rfflaee advances. The reserve fand and unappropriated profit now stands at the handsome sum of £28#56 , Is lid, and the customary dividend is-recorded. , , bad directed £160 to^lw appropriated to the tance of tbe Ctanes BaroQ^;Council in providing a subsidiary resemnr f op tbe-better *npplyitig rthe r mines-with wtfter. ^At sanie Greeting a letter was reodvedfrotnflib -town <»uiieil ^".Maryborough, asking co operation in seeking '£h 'alteration in the time of arrival and departure of trains, to avoid the Inconvenient ..deUo'tiiooSat .Maryborough Df passengers to Dooplly.- The letter wss .tiJeaed back for statement of-»*j4n which it is thought the desired alteration £atilcl be 'made without inflicting'.tetaiiir iQCofcvenfence on other places where there was m ore tilSlc.'' Tbe HibemiairfkMae^s, No- 9 branch ~held their fortBighriy.mcnrtngifrtheAall^awaon street,«a the 23rd instant; tbe presidexit <Br Wffi. Einane; lindfeSJcBUti^Sbe •ttsridince'ePjflefib&^wTBe about tbe average.,rTbe^»mI contributions.had beenawiln'prevHixlstOtJttispeniogoftfae^ s Sick allowance, £610s, was passed for_paymeat, Cocrespondenoe—TrocTBr D.JBrqpby,. enclosing duqae^ for^ £» 1 lis Gd,- balance of -interest. Tim was. acknowledged with . thinks; alsr; las ac£nowudgment-of^plafing-'mt Interest £260,- as ordered ' ^ thi annual meeting. The monthly accounts, amounting to XI8 5s were passed for payment, after nhich the following brothers were elected a committee to make arrangements for the due celebration of ^Str* Patrick's Day, 1879, viz^ the Rev. R. J. Cleaiy. and Messrs D. Brophy, J. J. Fitzgerald, Wza. iriMno Ed. Daly, Tbomtt T. Kelrse, C. Robinson, James Noonan, 3. Crowley, B. O'Callaghan, John Koonan, J. P. CoUins, Ghas. Fitz- t gerald, and P. J. Corbett. The Sebaatopol brandi was represented by their secretary, Br Ry&n;, who received a ananimoos rote of thanks for his presence. In reply, he promised to do bis atmost to make this year's celebration, if possible, eclipse all previous demonstrations. Tbe first meenting of the St. Patrick's Day Fete committee was faed forThnrs - j3aj\ 30th instant, at Broph^s.hotel, after which members' contributions were announced—£17 5s €d. The meeting dosed «hortiy afterwards. Oar correspondent writes: — "Clones folks highly and justly appreciate the excellent qoality of -the water brought in byttjelown supply. It is bright and sweet, and generally abundant; and the remarks frequently heani from visitor rapectingit are soch- aa^ prove Hto be-far superior to ney . that supplied to the inhabitants of most other towns. This purity, of .the water .. a great > measure due to the .thorough way in , which it is protected in its courses by trees, hedges, aodgoodfences from pollution by cattle or drifting rubbistiof any kind, and to a system of repeated careful cleansing from the accumulation of weeds or sediment by industrious caretakers under tbe supervision of a. watchful engineer. Now that ed tbe storage reservoir is a fine sheet of water, with some fish in it, and in pleasant wooded country, applications are frequently made from .sporting parties for permission to picnic there. But Mr Langtree, the engioeer who con- BU&cted; tbe works, was strongly averse to .this; and the present engineer and commissioners are very alow to grant such permission, considering that works tbat have cost so much of public t money, and upon which so much of public health and comfort depends, should not be toyed.with-; and knowing that pleasure parties, with their e packs of dogs, cannot .fail to in some degree dis turb, if not pollute, the water." -We have been requested to draw attention to the excellent railway arrangements made by the Geelong Racing Clbb with the department for tbe conveyance of passengers either to tbe course or to Geelong on the days of racing Tickets will be available up to Monday night 3rd Pebruary,and visitors to "Geelong will also have tbe privilege of securing first-class compartments for parties of eight each. The terms of the arrangements will be. found in the advertisement in another column, and as the entries and acceptances are first-class, a very large attendance is likely to assemble 00 the banks of the Barwoo. The Geelong Gold Cap now on view at Mr Franks', Malqp street, and is splaidid specimen of art, and very much ad- mired, and it wQl be exhibited in Ballarat in a few days. Onr Clones correspondent writes"Iheard a lady friend say the other day tbat tbe suggestion which appeared in tbe Age about tbe Tolanteer force of the colony taking guerilla practice at Easter in scouring the country for the Kellys, i worth more than a' passing thought. It is suspected that tbe whereabouts of tbe outlaws is tnown to the police, but notwithstanding the large reward, neither police.nor -civilians care about attacking them, because they not only run the first risk, but tbe probability, or anyway th&fear;, is that the individual who brings them to j&stice; wQl fall a victim to the revenge of some of the party. If this be tbe reason why the,EsUys are not taken, then an attsck by so large a party ar that individuality would be lost is the surest and safest mode that could be adopted. Besides this, there would be a slight spice of real danger -and real duty added to tbe interest of tbe practice; and whUe field practice and harbor practice are all important should an enemy at any time effect a landing at some smsll port, and have to be attacked in their march through tbe busb, a little up country experience would be found useful." Mayor Long and Mr Bassell, J.P.. presided at tbe Town Police Court yesterday, and dealt with four drunkards, and a woman for fighting in-the street, and Michael Fogarfy was fined 20s . for using obscene language. Tbe Town Council, at its meeting last night, recognised tbe importance of the forthcoming regatta, by donating a sum of £10 10s to the fund for prizes. A fecial meeting in connection with the Lifeboat Lodge, LO.G.T., was held on Wednesday evening last, in the Societies' Hall, Greuville street. Mr J. James, M.P., by request, occupied the chair, and Mr Hoaking, town missionary, delivered a very excellent and interesting address on temperance. The Misses Little and Pobjoy presided at the pianoforte, and displayed considerable ability in manipulating the instrument. The Misses Little and Ward played a duet in brilliant Style, and the Misses Carr, Pobjoy, Yates, and Messrs Perkins and Batch rendered some choice selections of music exceedingly well, judghig from the applause bestowed. At intervals choice fruit, cake, and a variety of teetotal drinks were served round to the audience, who expressed themselves highly delighted with the evening's entertainment, hoped the life-boat would be very successful in its noble work of rescuing many from the sea of intemperance. " Mr D'Arcy Bead has manage d to again get l ghost-raising apparatus complete after bis late accident, and everything is now in readiness for the exhibition of tbe phantoms on Monday even- ing next, at the Academy of Music. Great preparations, we understand, have been made for the appearance of the most extraordinary apparitions, and there is every reason to believe that the performance will hit the taste of the public. A donation of £3 3s to the " Murdered Police Memorial Fund" was granted by the Town Council at its meeting last night. A public meeting under tbe auspices of tbe Bungaree Junction and Warrenheip Hurling Club will be held at James 1 Bridge' hotel, Junction, this evening, at eight o'clock, to arrange for holding sportB at the Junction on St. Patrick's Day. A miner named Gazzard, a resident of the Durham, was admitted to the Hospital yesterday, suffering from an injury to one of his feet, caused by a pick penetrating it. Special services will_be held iu the Bible Chris' tian Church, Hnmffray -street, to-morrow, when the Rev. Mr Netherway. w31 preach morning and evening, and Mr James, MX.Am in the afternoon. ^The annual excursion of St. John's vcbools Gedong will take place on the 6th .oT nest mouth. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. The anniversary services of the Lydiard Street Wealeyan Sabbath School will -be beld to-morrow, when the Rev. Mr Lindsay will pteafch uv the morning, and the Hev.-fi S- Bickford io the evening. (^UectionsirlUt»e"mad^"ld-aS»r^f the school foods. ^ Tbe datfe on which courts will sit in this district for revising the jury lists will be found published in -our advertising columns this morning. We have received a copy of the almanac for 1879 issued by the Australian Widows' "Fund Society, the Ballarat agent for which is Mr Macfarlaue, of Eyre street. <c A Wesleyan's " letter has been Uid aside, _ there is nothing in at bat abuse from top to finish; At Clones, a cricket match wilLbe.played this afternoosfWtween rieven'of thfe local'club and twenty-two outsiders, for" a'supper, to be fepjoyed this evening at the Societies' Hall, Eraser street. The dunes Bowling Club, too,'have goV fairlystarted and ties have besa settled-for t mat& fof a handsome pair of bowls^ the gift' pf MrG. -Chapman. \- • . . A meeting of farmers, millers, and convened for this morning, at eleven o'clock ... the George hotel, lor the purpose of forming a corn exchange. The stewards of the Lai Lai Falls Turf Club are requested to meet at Hager's Criterion hotel, this afternoon, at two o'clock. The half-yearly meetingof the Creswick branch of Associated Miners of Victoria will be held this evening, at seven, o'clock, at the "Temperance hall. A full attendance of member* r,frimfintrmi requested. The Minister of Customs («ys the^r^i*) left for Sydney iu the w. City of Adelaide t>n Thursday. It is understood tbat_Mr Lalor, during his stay in the neighbori qgVyJnriy^ yfH, have an interview with the'&ew; Sooth IVaies'GBrernmant with regard to a re-arrangement of . the border duties. . The Beadigo Independent -Understands that Dr Hincbdiff has been offered by the Government the position of surgeon-to-the Fectrfdg&..5h>ckade. The salary attached fs said to be £500perannum, with residence provided, an«l .the pririlege of outdoor practice. ' - y.'/ :r la reference to the^ deputation fronr the Book, sellers'Association, which oa tije 20th instant interviewed the Minister ofvEdocatiou of the subject of superseded editions 'of «dncatfc»al--*brka; a [bookseller suggests (says <he ; Aryn) that to test the matter the Ministecrshould require that each bookseller' aggrieved -shift make in affidavit stating that, on the day before tbe infc#vfew;be )hadin his possession certain spedifled quaotfties •ot the superseded e?i&iGrpr; tffctyoks fo^ueftion, d being his own prop^rty^ ':t)ur J <»rrappndg&t; at will be found that; ^ jof thu colony,-not Jialfr^dbipn »dasthat ibis is.not ihe&nt; -time 1 that. the najoe iof the asawristidn has~Been use3 to promote private' pithfr than tbe genets! interests txf thenade^ 1 Numwotu appllcationa, (says the £aii ; been netitln to the I«ndrDep<vtoeBi t&'Jm to ^If,,," 1 Macedon SUte 'Torest hetween Kidddl's Creek ^nd -Mounty Macodon. This land u^pt likely to he iSxcwp c^n tmtil-thread «fz February, and then it will be in specified blocks of certain areas, outside of which people will not be allowed to go. > Thc» following (says the Argm) are the names of tlie right exhibitioners from the State schools for this year, with the number of mark* gained by each boy:—Albert Parry/ 636; Jas. Thomson, 636; Bobest Hamilton, 633; Wo, Boyes, 609fc A. V. U. Anderson, 672; Ismay Watson, 570; Tboa. Hodgson, 569; and Wo. Bruce, 561. The exhibitions are of £35 a year each -for six years, and they are tenable at tbe grammar schools and afterwards at the University. Parry and Boyes are from Mr Nell's school, at Carlton: Anderson and Pr"™>,. from Mr Tem pleura's schoot at Prabran; Thomson, from Mr Walker's Yarra Park School, Bichmond; Hamilton, from Mr Nicholla" school, at Ballarat; Watson, from Mr «utton*s-8t. Paul's School, Geelong^; and Hodgson, from Mr White's Central School, Melbourne. This is the third exhibition in-succession that-has been obtained at Mr Kicholls' school, which is the only school in tbe district that baa obtained this honor; Amongst other crnel things (remarks tbe Melbourne correspondent of tbe Geelong Advertiser) which have arisen out of recent failures, I bave heard of one of a mercantile servant who toiled for over a fifth of a century, amassed by hard economy some £6000, and, dying, left his little all by will for Ins employers to administer for the benefit-of those left behind him. Tbe crash has come, and this snm has been included with the result, and so a family—through no lack of thrift on the part, of those wHo should have provided kfor them^-are flung" destitute upon the world. Tins is only one of many instances of apparent heartlessness of the same kind. Business riskB—and risk Involves possible failure—may be the part of every man, •fcnt it is more than hard when tbe innocent soSer for a fault with which they have no connection. The Boyal Commission on Closed B04dais about „ resume itslabors, with a view to follow up the progress report already^ presented to Parliament by a final report, which will be available for the forthcoming season._ Those shires whicb-asyet have not r responded to the request made'J>y the Cosmu&uoner; of Public Works for returns on this subject bave been desired to send them in without any farther "delay. The commissioners will-proceed to Colacon Tuesday; a meeting will be held there on Wednesday; at Camperdown evidence will-be taken eb Thursday; and cm "Saturday there will be a meeting at Warrnambool. The investigation will relate to the -shires of Colac, Hampden, Mortlake, Wermsmbool, and Belfast - The fib ire councils oI these districts (adds tbe Argus) acknowledge in their return that there is an aggregate length of nearly 2000 miles of road dosed within their boundaries, and the proportion of dosed roads to the area of country is larger in this region than in any other part of the colony. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser says tbat an accident happened to Detective Ward last week. Whai in the act of calling np young Lay cock, an operator in the telegraph office, at two o'clock in the morning, he fell down a trap some 9 feet deep, earning a fraeture of several ribs, besides a sprained ankle. He is now in the hospital, where he is progressing favorably under the tircumstances. The Executive (saysitbe'^rtvs) has approved of regulations for the-expenditure of the £1500 set apart for the abatement of the rabbit nuisance in tbe North-western district. Kent will be remitted to the extent of 30a for each £1 expended by the pastoral tenant. Aoy pastoral tenant desiring to secure permission to expend money under* these conditions must apply to the Minister, naming the ran on which he is going to operate, tbe extent of tbe Crown lands, and tbe sum be intends to lay out Then tbe Minister may authorise the sum named or any less amownt, tbe Government being limited to £1500. The pastoral tenant will be required to mate a -statutory declaration that the money is spent on Crown lands only; and his books and account of operations must always be open to the inspection of the Crown Lands bailiff of the district. He will also be required to furnish receipted vouchers, for tbe expenditure. Mr Watson and Mr Steel, of the Public Works Department, are engaged (says tbe Argus) analysing the applications sent in for appointment as inspector of iron pipes. The Minister appears to be introducing a -new system, under which responsibility in these matters will -be thrown 00 the efficers of the department. 