NEWS AND NOTES. ThiS day's events:-D'Arcy's Read's "Ghost" entertainment, at the Alfred-hall; meeting rc Bun garee Ploughing Match, Maher's hotel, 2 p.m. [?] ball-Second twenty Ballarat v first twenty Bunin- y&Bg;, lmperial v Albion'l2o pijjul, fiiafetwenttefc-Westeru Oval; scratch N#^ To-morrow’s religioug-sßrvicM:—Ebenezer Church, Her. J. Thomson, forenoon-'' and evening (lecture, Saints’. Church, Rev. W. H. Geer, morning smdevening; ‘■St.'-i 1 John's Church, Peel street, evening lecture, JtlStory_of.thaPteformatioa,LLß9Zi-J.^H;^lB&U5.; ( .^-^- We hold overs portion joi our? leading matter and -several-letters,- ; Wo regret to learn that Mr Rowell, who has for sojge type as Messrs Cuthbertand solicitors, died in Melbourne bn Thursday, being choked—by some substance, wh growth could not be checked, in his throat. _ The aer’r ceased gentleman has from this disease for a considerable period. The passenger traffic' on the Gordon railway niw averagerabput fortjffiye a day,-antl gig.*; of the two carriages formerly usad to ’make up each train has been done away wi.tb{;X£Tbe:goods traffi o amounts to about five or six truck loads a day. . i r . tqola lie inhaling of tW Town Council, on Friday night, when the mayor’s report relating to thOpOShoffioe was under considera tion. The.mayor stated, .that, as ) span as the present occupant of hiabotTae in’VictonS "street had gone out he would hand it over,to thepostal Department, upon which Crs Phillips and Turpie entered protests against the site, contending "that the southern and eastern portions of the town were left unserved by the pre sent' arrangement.'T'However; v the .pother 3 councillors agreed "with tho'repoft}- which* was'finally 'adopted.] Cr Ferguson reported to the. Town Council on Fri day night certain tumors‘which he had .heard related outside about the removal of the engine-sheds and Mr Brophy’s inaction thereon, who, it was said, had,'.beehl finable! to;. assist his. conititueijcy in the matter, because he was a member of the City Council.. After a number' of the’ councillors -'had defended Mr Bropby from such. an imputation, Cr Ferguson ex pressed the utmost 'Confidence in him, and said that his sole reason for speaking as he had was to let the "people"aee'whether there' was' any truth-in- the reports that had bean floating about. Apropos of the engine sheds and workshops, the council resolved to offer to the Railway Department, in writing, any available re seryes in. the town as sites for such buildings. j ■ Under 'tha ' auspices of the 1 Prince Albert -jLpdge I. a very pleasant entertainment was held in. the City Fire Brigade-hall on Friday night. The' following ladies and -.gentlemen took part in the musical programme:—Misses, Wilson, A. Grant, G. A. Johnson, E. Field, and Harrison; and Messrs H. Johns? ;Ti H»(mdßrsij I RnBBsll/'.|SAyDarroJW,r|Archer, &’Toole, J. Morgan, and "E.' Meagher. ’ ■'A' f comio scene entitled “ The bachelor’s wants” was represented by. Messrs H. Bradbury, Russell, O’Toole, and T. Millar; and a farce called ‘‘•'Pain't 1 heart never won fair lady” by Messrs T. Millar, E. Meagher, J. Weir, A. Millar, Mias, r Johnson, and Mrs T. Millar. Mr G. Herbert 1 abted 1 aspianist,'ibd’ there 1 '-attend ance. , ~ .. ! _ The south-west oofnef of and Peel streets"] was chosen by the Town Council on Friday night jas the site of the future corporation baths. j The following are the successful applicants for ! nominations intheßupert Stakes: —W. B. Rounaevell,-; As Clark, ,G. Chum„E. Tidy, S.JBurgess/ J: M'Gulloch, f T. Brdmell, Mi Ritchie, : A?. iScott; W. Thomson, W. Doolan, Dr Featherstone, W. H. Rocke, J. B. Scott, W. Watson. Tha West Bourke Plkte remaihaopenuntil Wednesday.; .i-iy-i '-■■irrl'i ;• Mr ‘ ‘Denis ' HOran, - publican, l ot -Happy Valley, wanted to ! settl6 at : Mouht-Maaedoh,-wHere'he pegged out land in the ordinary way, as he contemplated farming would turn out more profitable than disposing, .of she oak and Bullarook, but on appearing before the! ‘Melbourne' board- Ins full- blown—expectations were nipped i* the bud, when he was told to go home and mind his p’s and q’s. Mr Horan quietly retired, and is now at Happy Valley; A j Tha daughter of Mr John Orr, overseer to Mr Rowe, of Glenfine. died on Friday mprtpng of diph theria. thing'- juat Joh£ofaJiec.death sat up in the bed and repeated her prayers. I The extent to which the family of Mr Macdonald,- of Mount Hoorat, has been affected by that, fell scourge diphtheria is lamentable in the extreme (obaecvea.the Mprtlake llispatch). Another child auo -Bum6ad"b n, ;Saturday -iMt, matingJlh'elfeavanth that has been carried off since the first outbreak of ]the,- disorder. There are' now but two children left, ope. of them being 'aninfantr.' : 'We‘aVa glad to know that, they are both well. . J have really a. time of it .(Writes ..our Smy theadale correspondent]' With indignanfcWd disappointed selec tors respecting the Mount Macedon areas. Having duly listened to their-complaints, and allowing:for exaggerations, I endeavor to sift the wheat from >the chaff, bufoneßelactor.tella agoQd -story, too good to be lost. After the usual questions he is asked if] he is. married or single. He replies that fortunately he is ■"aingTeP -He is then ihfarmed that:he doea: not;roquire land, and after a few more interrogations he is grayely asked how many'children he has. This was too much for the would-be selector, and as a matter of course-: toiahawer'the 'question. ] On Thursday evening a Chinese had one of! his legs broken at Lihton by ! a- truck in a mining claim. Dx Nolan reduced tha fracture. I Ij.7*•'i*si : * \ r H q-i !'•••> %’ ~f / - r r- vi- ' - The'laying of the pipes from the reservoir at Happy Valley to the main street standpipe having been com/' pleted, the dontractof has 'proceeded to Hadden to carry o.ut the contract, for conveying the water from,, the local dam to the mam'straefc,heat'-M‘Vitty’a store.' On Thursday Mr Coroner Hopper,held an inquest at Mortcbup on the body of the little girl Todd, who died from the effects of burns accidentally received. Dr Nolan deposed to the cause of death, and the jury found accordingly.It. was erroneously stated at the time of the accident that the child was attending the Chepstowe school, whereas it should have been the Mortchup one. v Our .Smythoadqle, correspondent writes: “Thef, ■Mount'.Macedon iand swindle, 'ak : ib' is now : termed, is the last: straw that will-break Ihe'adminiatrative back v of the Hon. Francis Longmore. On every side malgt,' dictions loud and-deep- are heaped upon the hon-. 1 ) gentleman. It is no stretch of imagination to, say 1 ' that'armoratunpopular Minister neyerj presided at' the Lands Office. After the survey of the Macedon land Jnjiblpoks,varying,in> was-it T nofc notified that these'blocks, after being pegged‘out and Applied, for, would be subdivided 1 And why was it j not* intimated that single men were not elegiblei for selection 1 Instead of this, £1 deposit was received from_all applicants, which, no doubt, will! en rich the Treasury, how brimful’with"a~saving of .over two millions.., One case is illustrative of many. -Mr-Madaen, of Smythesdale, thV father of {twelve of a family, applied for 77 acres , 3 roods and 3 perches, as Bhowh J dn the’Government plan;)made his applies- Ttion,jnnd {odged his -deposit.. T He ha^.npJand, : and appeareii befdre lha'Melbourna 'Land'Board' bn*- Wed nesday; and pfterlthe T 'uaualrcatechetical examination he was asked if he would take half of the 77 acres. Looking af hiheffdrto'in'the T: lih8 1 ' b£ 'colonisation, in the shapei.of twelve of family, he .concluded’that, it would be impqaaij)le.-.to bring them up output 38 acres of land, and declined to have the allotment apr, Iplfid'fbr aaßdlride^. refn«ed/-»lthpiyh lit "is* asserted .that owners of, private propertyTihA' others, who 'have selected 1 before, have Sheh'recommended the, blocks that they have'&pplied; for. There is a general feelingbf indignationj-not-only amongat the disap pointees, but also-amongst those who accepted the ■reduced-areas;'and taking the rexpenee. that some unfortunates-havSbeen-put* to, it must amount to a very handsome sum-in-the aggregate.” | ■ v - Baraodula ought to !b'e : cheap. lim jßallarat '.to-day. Something like five tons’ ’ofthese fish, we are given to understand, arrived from Portland yesterday, i—— ’ ' Return of produ'ch received'ab'Ballarat;for the week, ending 12th June;-1879: —Wheat, 1881; flour, 1450; ‘ barley, 416; oats~3B; bran, 24; total, 2812 bags. :Retarh.'o£ produce ter.warded. frpjn, Ballarat for waok. ending.!2th June, 1879,:—Potatoes, 2348; oarrjila, 19; . onions,-4.6; peak, 16;-o»ts; 138; barley, •28;lflonr, 460; and.pollard, 231; total, 3256 baga, 7 . ;i ;:!,The ,stetes., .Messrs Myers- and'Zoxiiavabaan'Batißfaptofily arrahged. The many friends and political supporters of Mr Zox "be unfeighedly ■glad' to~hear-"thisr—Mr—Zox, JwilL probably, we understand, issue an address to his con stituents resigning his seat, ’that may seek-from them-renewed exprasaibn.of their .cpnfidencq. jn him T as'thei/fepreßentative;''-’ ‘ ! ; -- I’y>s- •“ u The Agt saye;—■ lt is r exptbted that the reception rtoffie-. accordedto-Mr BBrry on hiß/arrivai.next day will be of an enthuaiaatio and imposing character. . The.'artengemente/afe i-how' alnlo'st complete, and a_ ge'hetel; desire.'.has -been eipfeaaed amo'ngetjliberals,' .-both ia the mietropplia and in. tKe.bountry; that _Mr Berry should, : be received ■. in- a manner which will’" fairly indicate the popular. L appreoiation pf labors ;'ih a Liindonv;. , ::'Wb'iearn ,: tliBlt Mrßerryi will-not land ','at l^iid^^,baiisat‘ itrain-.will be' ihfeadineas te’eony ey him,; iol'ppmpany 1 with other Ministers, to Spencer street^,'/The i mall steamer will reach-the-Heada at 3 o’clock on Tuesday’] afternoon, and Mr;Berry will r reach-Shenoer street at about half.paat', '7//Ari.'addxßSS will be tq, .Mr at.Williamato'wn from the inhabitants! of 1 thatdigtriot/and.at iSpahcer'sth-eet'Be’will' be’met' by the Reform League ‘and a large body of represents; Jiycs .of thej a yariouB ; trades.,. A/ torohlteht procesaion, will bo formed,. and-, rrtha Chief Secretary’ 'wilLbe ! escorted to the Treasury, where several other addrnSei' •ceßMstß jsaiwajr f»«-S ..vkotW I will be procession .will be organised by and it is to be accompanied by On tfye arrival of tbenrtaesßMat the '?reajaqry lse torch-hearers will ate; s arodnd and an elei£rlc lighiiiwiU be Orofigßt on the roof of thegPreasur^JuOdin^. ,l^| The deawi sKiy Ejfefijon, a resident of Emerald was accidentally 'diaoMßred by”a neigbboriMthafP’Mrs Fitzgibbon, on Weanuday last, formed the subject of a coronial enquiry Youl on Thursday. The particulars of 'fFeSnding orTKaTjody dayi.'jPEbß'iJd*t-'Morjfeiftr examination, .whucb/wa«-con du Aed by Dr Moflby‘ ! disclosed: ■ the 7f act'itbat deatb' ’"refUlWd'fronreinbolism of-the-pultnonary-artery,. and. a verdict in accordance was returned: Deceased, who ~waa‘a“wi4ow,' and who~was possessed- of-considerable means, resided by herself. ~ : The Melbourne correspondent of the Gamperdoum- Ckronicle is responsible for the following:—“ During' -Die;cun, on rf thp-.Cify Bank, v one T shareholder, old -Tommy 1 Monagtiab, '■ came'-iibWn in a cabJwitb 10,000 sovereigns in two big-canvas bags. Another'share holder, Mr "Vf. J. Clarke,, calmly informed the crowd' that there .no. danger whatsoever to the interests, of the depositors;"for'if : £lS0;OO6 r was necessary to meet Y aU*dehiahds;4ie: would .deposit that'amount in. cash. This quieted, the. Q cjowd, and all became ■calm in a moment.’*. for re-opening the'Afisfraliahand" .European. Bank are (aaya the Argus) progressing satis- ' faotorily, u 'but 6 the 'day il oh ! 'which" business will be' resdihed has hot bean 'definitely;.fixed ;yet.~ Halt of’ the e t hay,e .already signed the propb'Htiqh agreed to"'at‘‘ last Monday’s meeting,: • f Jmd : the -'•suburba’ip managers report;-'that, nearly all their customers have. r signed. > . i and - have promised to continue.business ,with, the bank. Depositors at call alohe’have signed 1 toHha 1 extent of bvar£loo,ooo, and nearly all the fixed depositors have given their signa tures. It is announced"that the call of £1 per share. is payable onjthe lfith.July. -j, . ... We ('Argus) are-informed that the balance of en dowments due to local bodies will all be paid by the next'we’ekr"! icijlovo'.V teutp.x tvi’?' j ;l Friday'B .Stawell j.Cftroniclcc .says:—“.The., solemn mockery of the sitting of a closed roads commission was gone througfi'yest'erday/at ' Stawell, and a vast .amount. of'evidence, was,taken.; _lt facta with which we ars all thoroughly well acquainted," and only bore-but tvhat we-have' -repeatedly urged—/ tfiat theippening.jOf the roads, when- they., are .found to be necessary, is all that should ' he‘ asked for, and" that , the , system. Hitherto . adopted by the shire 'couhcilj’of taking action when' asked’ td 'dd ’so by'thel/ ratepayers, is a sound one.- -We do not report the pro-;/ : ceedings,.jva .we. desire to.reaer.veourspaoe for, matters of interest.’’'''’' ‘' 11 “ TherC' was a strange rumor in Melbourne on Friday,. It-iaatatad that;the.brig.Alexandra cleared: out for Newcastle about a week ago without loading. On the vessel going down the Bay she was boarded by the 'water police, who discovered the boats in a very leaky 'condition. 1 -’ The’-water police also’ fduhd four men on board who,were, not,entered .on,, the .articles. They had no'pdwer'tb'fnterfere, and the vessel was allowed to pass on her way. It is now rumored that the four men were either the Kellys or the Kelly sympathisers, or confederates going to meet them. The police have' .taken.the matter;iuhand, and havetelegraphed to. Newcastle. ~ i There is one feature in connection with the Austra-. lian and European Bank (says the Herald) that de serves notice, reflecting as it does the highest credit /oU the - managament. •; The /last sale of the- shareia was at” 493, andat ii-'o'clock'there was"aii' order .in the inarketmpt executed; at: that price; and .though about MO’shares could" Have been' I placed at* ahlDUt'49s, yet not a sale was made, showing that not a soul outside) the management 'Knew of ‘ the closing of the doors. This;, faptjspeaks volumes; .for the-integrity of the management. ‘ We (Herald) learn thatd’uring the voyage out Mr ■ Berry’s /health, has .bean far from g00d....,Ha suffered .much&om; rheumatic gout, and though'no w muchhetter, is by no’means fit sustain‘much or to bear any’ undue 1 pressure’ of" bußinfeasi v ' Mr"Hayter Cwduld, we understand,:.have:’remained- in.(England momejlittlc time : lqnger had not Mr Bern’s health ren dered it desirable -.that, he should' be accompanied iby ."Bomeifriendr " ‘. ‘ i ' '■ A telegram from the .Governor of.Aatrakan, dated ; ‘the’Tth inst., announces that several) cases :of spotted' ityphuafever- have-ocoairad .in,,Aatrakau, and that: necessary meaauraa.bad .been J takan''to' prevent the 1 disease spreading. " • - Friday’s Aye says':—"We regret to state that the condition of health of. the.Marchioness.-qf, Nqrmanby : during .the last day pr two. has been .Buch as.to.excita great.calarm.Her- Ladyship’s has rbeen in oonatentattendance. ; Last evening,' however,? she was very much better, and it any danger is now past.” : ‘’ j-’ :; The reductions in wages which have recently taken' pWce if , England in > connection- with the' iroh trade. have 'already beguri td produce-their effect in'enabling' the British manufacturer to successfully compete with the foreign producers, as will be seen by;the following' extracb’ifrdfh- the Mining-Journal of 22nd‘ March:—“Belgian ironmasters are becoming much' impressed with the vigor which English ironmasters, have’eihlbited'lainoa they'have'aUcceededim producing rails upon somewhat-cheaper conditions. Belgian ''industrials cannotshut their eyes to the fact that not only are the English market and the English colonial markets hopelessly closed against them for a time. bqt. that the English are also carrying the war into ‘ the" enemy’s country—in other, words, they are invading markets which the-Belgians.not .unnaturally, regarded as /their own par excellence. An illustration of.this is afforded by the/fact that; at -an adjudication; .which took place recently at La 7 Haye for 4000 tons of Bes liemer Bteetrails,-: the lowest .teßder;,was.delivered by the Belgian houae .of: Adhemar, Le Boy, and .Cos;," which' v reprasanted ian important;Engliah firm. This ;loweaf tender was -at the rate of £6.9a 6d.per.ton de- At ’an ;ll,OQ0 tons' of rails required for the Upper Italy Bailivay, the -lowest, tenders were, delivered by .English firms-/—the Ebbw- Wale Company- offering, for instance, to land the raila at' Q’enoa at £n 6s 3d per ton.” )■ ! ... , >l,r '. 9i .rs . f’ASydney; telegram says:—“At a large picnic given gropers ini'-';SycJney, : i4t, which many influential, men. were present,’ whe'a' J:Ke; health .of,'His' Excellency: cthe Acting-Governor .was proposed onlydhree ‘persons l '■stood jig. ; ; They 'were' imtnediatelytpulled down into them Beats;again'by''.tba wives and daughtera : ‘bf the. /guests present,... refused 1 to honor the toast, and" -whemthe band struck-up.f For he's a jolly’good fel :lUw,lfliq'tune was drowned in'cries of disapprobation, Iqudfgrq'ahs, hisses,;and I .?explamationa' s of ,, No toast !’•'■ itHa’s aihanging governor,’ &c.; There was great feel- displayed.” —— :-ro«olf a-.- I Tne.Melbourne correspondent of. .'tHe £> 4f. L ,on(i B. Adtertiser tella the following tala of . just retribution; three yeafa agq,' a foreign musician ‘of co'nsrderable ability niadb.4’ somewhat from this city .tn an adjoining"'colony, and/, it subsequently .transpired; that he had been paying his addresses and offering,marrifigei to a jbUdig his pugil, who is the daughter of 'one'.of .pur niqstVlughly respected citizens. ; ; Her parents,; before giving their..consent, a enquiries Tespepting the'! antecedents of therf-proposed son-in-law, and made";the painful dis co very. l thatha was.alfeady, married, Jand that'his wife' was resident in Italy. This aroused their l just iudig nation-aud reaantmeufcj'-.ancl "the- base-wooer-beat a , precipitate retreat/ Not many days ago it was adver tised-that hWmeant to give,’ a' farewell concert in the • Town-hall, and oh -Monday last the namea bfl-Signor —— aqd Signora-— —, and servant, appeared among’.’ '"thb lmt ’of ’arrivals from"qhe; ; f br;.the ; ppftg of a neigh-,/ boring colony. But the 'anhquncemeiits of the forth coming concert were abruptly ,withdrawn, and the- Town-ball authorities : weto applied'to for the return of' the deposit' money, they refunde’d. How was it the concert did not .cqmaqff, ahd/ia nev6r likely. to. do so ? Thereby baugsa tale. A dozen of our leading citizens ba'd" BubacfibedJJSlO eacb to be expended in ticket's, which would -have- been.-distributed among persons—navvies and, "lumpers “principally whose ?robust vqices would' bayo been, lustily, exercised in hooting v i£he 64hfiJ^»re)(ffpm'.the : platform', the direction of a warm personal' friend of the father of ;tha,ypqng,lady wholiad been,inaulted.by,,the married : man’s - addresses. . He.-was. afraid.. to ./face" such an audience, and therefore the concert never -took place; 'the'general /verdict/being that ‘it aerved-'him jblly' well right.’/. As.a general rule, Acts of immorality and -dishonor are too lightly- condoned..in.this clty. if -.the / perpetrator of (them happens to be clever, /rich,' agree ablp, pr r socially distinguished, blit. in tbej/preseht, instance, it is satisfaetbry to record. tb,at;a.'scandaloas proceeding/haaimet:with r a righteous retribution.”-' J jn- tha Argus, dated’,Queenscliff, lYed" nesdiy.jaya :—“Mr T. D.'S. Heron,* an ’ inquest oh Tuesday on the body of a seaman, lately engaged woodcutting at Swan"'"Bay, named Murphy, alias James Tbiit. It”appearad',th,atdeoeased and two others, named respectively Samuel.-’Bell and John Twitt, reside near (each - other.on- the .opposite side of Swan Bay. : ' They had 'beer-drinking at l Queenscliff together,"and had laft for home Jn a flat bottomed boat between 3 and 4'o’clock bn"’Sunday evening last/" The" three qf them were .mote ,or leas intoxicated, and took 'witH'them two bottles of gin arid one o£rqm,of which they all freely imb,ibed. After going so’ihe distance" Twitt tmhbled oiit ! bt the boat,- but waa"aeatated in again, by," Bell,- the deceased trying; to make sport of the'occurrence'by'palling the boat -from/ them, 7 Tha , boat getting, near the scrub,- tube lahdbd/; Ball went some dist/ahee, furthefi when he also laifided, and left'deceased iu.tho: "boat by himself,.who then shoved, of? fhe- shorei'the'.. .two meU.whb'lahded rethamirigin ‘the’serub all night, ■Tmti’itoteailiali' lie did hot she deceased aUye after. Bell heiiiada7hi- eearoif jfqrjtkq y»o«t»iu the with deceased lying dead I 3 tha >»atfen ! he had left hiCou S an l° Utfi %y^t ot was held on the body aJ?< cause o£ death was found t.?' accelerated by intemperance a^ Ueis!o ' ftl The California corresnnna . -.the-following extraordLkty ‘ b9 T Adventists are a peculiar one; hmea innumerable fk« P l° p °- m moisl •*** >« »u nary a come as vet ‘TW i . a "»nd the Sabbath, as a means of gattin''” 6^taiL^ l week—this is a Pood m. „8 an erinSla .sometimes, exceeds what the U - tbt ir fc,^ 1 gopdmorals. - GharTeaFp' 0 "^ to-do farmer near, Zk'J vS'* 1 * a-wife and two daughten tL^^htOA' 11 ; :clgW:.andfi Te jearsl .ventists’church. ’On the ].?w 3 \ acon of ft, 3 sound sleep, aroused his wife f n S /- bs a wok 9 fe* 3, hka Abraham of old, the Lord hadaf ,a vision,-and thabasacrifin. » j appH,eitohim ;the of daughter. The precious pair ,„ aad , -awhile, andlthe call still P H«; n aaulte d w„ husband and father, delibemeb? *“‘ be °. in the presence of its 4 were summoned, and held a Wh** Co ' teL swmih with the expectation of .I,°?*? authorities at hat hfardnf W Freeman and his- wife were ptoinptfe.^*^ ■SS*?-* rtirSj.«Hg .pjow column giving full particulars of from Ballarat on the I7th inst.. and , ® Sandhurst-on the following dav W .excursionists wish to return on th«« ! do, so ; with the ■ ordinary Tvcnin? 0 !™- %Bn .ticket. With respect totSTJL b“-"? “» 2 citizens, of- Sahdhurst to take part ia "r^ kj ll! it, is. desired that, : the party shall h« 1 ni “ ?dli «, than of aformal'characterfandws . ®° rBois >sQl the u B e of anything like full l^ oMte d ts jsasa*!pF*sSS* ■ tion at CoghiU-s Creek, a pur advertising columns for Mondav th.^ a at 7 p.m., at Collas’ hotel, to rece&S; «■ 1 v We are informed that a walkino m . l , -will -take, place very short* b“u °* M‘Lean in -the Alfred-hall, il'Lsan v!;l r 7 151 with his former defeat on the Oval d “ ati&l; «fV.-® l ?,, wa v * E°°d attendance .at D’Attv W Ghost entertainment in the night, when the usual, amusing and astoZb,2 were produced for the delectation of bebfe p brass band of the B.V.R. played at the evening.-, .Tonight is aiinennced as the£ ft season, and children under twelve yew more than three together) accompaniedW* parents will-be admitted free.; - ?tta 