THE EPISTLES OF ST. PAUL. At St. Paul's Church yesterday afternoon the Bishop of Melbourne delivered the third of a course of lectures on the development of doctrine in the Epigtlcs of St. Paul. In hi3 last lecture lie said ho gave a sketch of tho spiritual doctrine of the law and the means of its fulfilment. In making that sketch he in corporated the statement of the synoptical evangelists with those of St. John, because whatever St. John recorded was equally- well taught liy the others. No doubt very much of what the evangelist said, through not being understood, was speedily forgotten. The disciples forgot much of what the Master taught them. The Lord told them they should receive a comforter — the Holy Ghost — so that they should through the spirit of Christ bo thoroughly equipped for thoir new labors. The spirit of God wa3 not given to teach secular things, hut things belonging to the life and mind and kingdom of Christ. Tho next question was whether the 'action of tho Spirit took placo gradually or suddenly ? — whether by one single act of illumination or by a slow process of growth and expan sion ? Whether it was by ono sudden leap or by the method of development 7 Some people assumed that it was done at once and with a single Hash on the Day of Pentecost. But it would be impossible to conceive of the deadening influence of that assumption. Assum ing that, there would bo no place left for the plea of increasing knowledge. Many imagined tliey could detect the mature thought of St. Paul in the first sermon of St. Peter. That assumptiou was an unfounded hy pothesis not supported, but absolutely con tradicted, by tbo great weight of clear evi dence. First, it was disproved by the phrase ology in which tho Lord Jesus promised lie would give his Spirit to lead the disciples into all truth. That Spirit was to go before them, warning them of false steps, leading them in the right path, and teaching them the whole truth. It was just this whole truth which the Spirit of God was to restore, opening tho way by a gradual process and slow degrees. This conclusion was sustained by the litcratnre of the time and its history. Take the evidence of its truth furnished by the literature of the primitive age. It was quite true that tho agreement of all definite doctrine as taught by St. John might bo detected in tho synoptical evangelists. The outlines were found in the synoptics ; in St. John there was a perfecting or filling in. This was the evidence of develop ment : The synoptics contained tho history of Christ's acts and words as the recital was originally mado to tho Church of God. It was first recited to tho catechumens or original converts. These truths, the most popular aud most useful, gradually accumulated into the shape of groups and classes, and having been taught in that form for many years they became surrounded by sacred associations, so that tho evangelist had to take them as they wero drawn together. They simply took the story of Christ's life and teachings as they found it. But whilst that was tho mode in which the synoptical evangelists wrote, St. John wrote differcutly. He wrote at tho end of the first century, when the victory was won, and tho Spurit of God had revealed to the church the whole truth. Accordingly, we had a more complete statement of tho Lord's teaching by St. John, who wrote when the gradual development was reaching its climax. Thus the account of the multiplication of the loaves given in tho Synoptics was simply a story of tho miracle. In St.' John, however, the miracle is taken as the text of a wonderful sermon on the bread of life, which followed and completed tho. chapter. Hence the method of the Holy Spirit was that of development, and this was borne out by the early liistory of the Apostolic Church. Christ's last commission to tho disciplc3 was — " Go ye unto all the world and make disciples of all nations." Such wns tho Lord's command, yet how did they rcceivo and understand it ? First, after His death and resurrection, and after He had explained to tlicm that all things in the law and tho prophets were fulfilled in Himself, they asked Him, "Wilt Thou Lord at this timo restore again tho kingdom!" The disciples went hack to the synagogue, and turned from what tlioy wero taught about tho nature of tho kingdom. They knew that Christ was the Messiah, but they thought His kingdom would bo a temporal kingdom, and that the glory would belong to Israel. The Lord had to rebuke them, and tell them it was not for them to wait for the temporal kingdom, but for tho promise of the Father, that when they received tlie gift of the Spirit they should go through all the world and preach tho gospel. Here again tho Lord represented his gospel ns having universal purposes. It was intended for all mankind. At Pente cost the apostles were drawn into immediate communication with tho exalted Redeemer. According to his promise tho Lord Jesus had entered their . minds and hearts — into the very sanctuary of their being. They entered into that mystio communion with Him which was the grand central principle of all Christianity. This was proved by the event which followed. They showed their Redeemer's redeeming activity. They realised His great enthusiasm of human ity, and then they rejoiced to do the work required of them. ThB mind of Jesus and the desire to save the world manifested itself in the relations of tho be lievers. It drew them closer together by the bonds of fraternal affection such as tho world had never known of before. They met together, lived together and prayed together, and took steps to hold their goods in common, having one heart and one spirit. The centre of gravity was then removed from the sphere of ritualism, and was fixed in the sphere of spirit. Surely then they recollected their master's commission, and hastened to execute it? No — nothing of the kind 1 In tlie out ward form of their lives they were still Jews ; they went to the temple, and circumcised their children. They were still too zealous for the law. This also was so with respect to the early apostolie teaching. St. Peter's first sermon was devoted to proving the fact that Jesus Christ was the Messiah. That was proved in three ways : by reference to what they had witnessed, reference to the resurrection, and the prophetic scrip tures. Peter therefore said to them : " Repent; change your minds ; come to Jesus Christ and be baptised, and then you will receive forgive ness of your sins and tho gift of the Holy Ghost." " Thus effects would follow, but nothing was said about the manner in which they would follow. Peter said sins would be forgiven, but ho did not say through the atonement of Christ. That great step was not made by the Apostles. It was not made even by the Hebrew-speaking Jews, but by th'o Hellenistic Jews. In the early chnrcli there were two parties — the Hellenistic Jews and the Hebrew-speaking Jews. St. Stephen was one of the former ; he was a great preacher as well as an administrator. It was said that Stephen spoke blasphemous words against the temple and the law. In truth, he had told them that the outward temple was inferior to the inward temple, which was not made with bands, and he told them that they must give place to the Spirit, which would enable them to render obedience. It was this teaching which first brought the early. Church into collision with the mob of Jerusa lem, and for this Stephen died. The mob at tacked the Church, and particularly the Hel lenic part of it The members of Stephen's party were scattered all over the land, but the blooS of martyrs proved the Eeed of the Church. At first they only preached to the Jews, hut hv and by they ventured to preach to the Gentiles also. When they preached to the Gentiles, and the Gentiles be lieved, there arose a set of circumstances which almost shipwrecked the ark of God. What happened? There was a gap between the record of Stephen's death and the record in the Uth chapter of Acts of what these Hellen istic Jews had done. That gap was filled by the 9th and 10th chapters, in which were re corded the conversion cf St. Raul and the vision "f St. l'cter. Before news of what was doll" a' Ancicch v.'.-.s carried to Jerusalem, God leacucd toe infant church by a I miraculous interference. Some contended there was not a sufficient reason for the con version of Cornelius, but he (the Bishop) thought there was. Before that repoti reached J eru- salem, St. Peter saw a vision at Jaffa. He was told to kill and eat, but be refused to do so, saying he had never eaten anything com mon or unclean. The vision was repeated, and Peter heard a voice saying, " What God ha3 cleansed call not thou common." Peter then went to Cornelius and "preached the Gospel, watching to see if God would cleanse that unclean thing, the Gentile. Tho spirit of God fell upon those who heard the word, and St. Peter could not refuse admission when God opened the door. There would have been a serious conflict in tho early- church if God had not intervened in this man ner. Tho question might be asked, how was it that an apostle like St. Peter, and a church such as that at Jerusalem ; did not understand the plain word of the Lord Jesus, " Go ye into all the world and make disciples of all nations." Was not that a proof that they were not equipped at Pentecost ? The question was answered easily enough if they admitted that the spirit gradually let them into all truth by the method of develop ment. The disciples no doubt explained the words of their commission by saying that all the world meant the Jewish world, as ono violent predestinnrian explained that where- ever the words " all men " occurred in tho Bible they meant tho elect. Next time it wonld be "noticed how the spirit gradually taught them and cured them of their error, started them in new modes of investigation ; and then it wonld bo acknowledged that tlie process of illumination went on by a gradual development opening the eyes of the disciples, and by the pressure of providential events stimulating them to ppocewl in the right di rection 