WANT OF WATER AT LIUNTLY. Tm: people of Huntly have a most serious grievance. Some Jays ago a correspondent, drew attention to the fact that " weeks since all the ordinary sources of water supply to lluntly had failed, and repeated appli cations had been made to the water supply office in Sandhurst to have the water run - down the Grassy Flat aque duct." He added that " the want of the necessary element was entailing a large amount of inconvenience, loss, and sickness on the residents of the district; and expressed the hope that the evil complaiuod of, on obtaining publicity, would be promptly remedied. Prom inquiries insti tuted by us it appears that lluntly is entirely without water, except such as may bo left in the dams, which in all parts of Bendigo are now either very low and very foul, or have almost entirely dried up. Whilst this is undeniably the case, millions of gallons of water are being run down daily and night! y from Spring GuHy for the benefit of the parties of Chinamen engaged in sluicing at the White Hills. It seems that the department holds their claims to be para mount; and the people below their locations are consequently left miserable, thu'sty, un washed, and languishing to death for want of water. We can scarcely put the case too strongly. The distress prevailing at lluntly is, we iive veritably informed, truly piteous to witness. The people gene rally are suffuring terrible privations, and the public health is sadly atl'ected. The residents do not complain with a loud voice, but when they see the Chinese sluicers so liberally supplied, and have reason to think that a groat deal of tlie water they receive is extravagantly wasted, whilst a tithe of the amount readily given the Mongolians would amply supply their wants, it can well be believed that the lluntly people think a good deal, if they do not say niiich, about the neglect to which they are subjected. We have endeavored to direct the attention of the department to this matter several times of late. Probably, however, the extent of the grievance complained of is not clearly understood by those in authority over the waterworks, otherwise we firmly believe some remedial measures would have been adopted before this. We do not want to disturb the sluicin<! operations at the White Hills, though' we may be permitted to express a hope that there is some supervision over the lmriner i-i which the water sup plied to that locality is used. 0\v:'ig to the large quantities which have continuously to be run dow.i the aqueduct from Spring Gully to the White Hills, it is found impos sible to supply Huntly. We hear that severa' urgent applications have been made by residents of that district for water, which cannot be complied with in consequence of the demands for sluicing, which are con stantly 011 the increase. This is a very serioos, and even sad reflection; for the ex treme want of the unfortunate persons who cannot go* a sufficiency of water for the most neoessaiy domestic jvi/rposes, is distressing even to a most inarming degree. We have pointed out that the remedy, which is a very simple one mid may . bo cheaply ap plied, is to connect the Grassy Fiat reser voirs with tlio Spring Gully reservoir. Tlieie is a race from the former to Huntly, but the iriiount cf water in tlieni is inade quate; for the supply ui that place. We trust tlio department will recogij'se the d?ep necessity which exists for attending to this matter without delay; and with the expres sion of tin's hope we leave tlio subjoct for the present. The Ovki'.i.anb Line.—Tlie Port Darwin line ■•1 out "f working order. The present in If,. . ° , . . „ . ' ciation.—A special meeting of the members of the above society, convened by circular, was held yesterday afternoon at the Metropolitan Hotel. Mr. Clrielfenhageu occupied theehaii. and there was a good attendance of members. The chaii-mau said the reason the meeting u as called was to ascertain how much wine could lie supplied for the trophy for the Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition. .After a brief conver sational discussion, it was decided that the trophy should be in the form of a hexagon (six sided), and that it should contain ab.mt 100 dozen of wiues grown by members of the asso ciation only. Hound the basement, space would be left for the d'splay of certificate! awarded to the exhibitors. It was also agreed that if possible a separate case should be provided for the exhibition of cuus, ineda's, and other tro phies awarded to the vinegrowers. On the motion of Mr. (.ireid'enhagen, seconded by Mr. Pohl, it was unanimously agreed that a vote of thanks should be accorded to Mr. J. M'lntyre, M.L.A., for the action he had taken in forward ing the interests of the association, particularly iu reference to the phylloxira vaslatrix. The meeting then terminated. New Insolvent.—John Kildea, of Axedale. Liabilities, £374 5s. 7d.; assets, £16 10s.: de ficiency, £356 15s. 7d. Causes: Bad crops, pressure of creditors, and inability to work in consequence of an accident. Attorney, Mr. Ellis; assignee, Mr. Hasker. Meeting (under section 53), Wednesday, 12th March, 1879, 11.30 a.m. City Police Court.—Messrs. Holdsworth and Vahland, Js.P., presided ' at this court yesterday, a id disposed of the business, which was of a very light a-nl unimportant nature. Mary Airi Dwyer v. Jas. Archer was an action to recover the sum of £2, for use and occupa tion of a house. Mr. Macobey appealed for the plaintiff and Mr. El,:s for tho defendant. As the plaintiff was not present Mr. Macoboy applied for an adjournment for a week, which was granted on payment of 13s. costs. J. M. [iarcourt v. Thomas J)obbie—work and labor and materials provided, £3. Macoboy for plaiutiil'and Mr. Ellis for defendant, The btter objected to tho second item in the bill of par ticulars, inasmuch as the quarter, for which the contract price 30s. was charged, had not yet expired. Mr. Macoboy struck the item out, ai'i'(.t pxQC.f c£ the balance of the debt having been 'given, £. ;*c.rcict- was given for 30s. and 13s. costs. apu,,.^. . '"'cation, owing to the stoppage ol eorr.mu.... • . Bexdico Vine and Fruit Growers' Ben'moo JofrBBT Club.—A mcitiug of tho committee of tlie above club was Ji.c)4"W Tues-. day evening, when it waa dfifiided thai tho - annual Winter Steeplechase Meeting should bo , hold on Wednesday, 11th June, and that tho j programme should bo settled at the next meot in«f »f the club and duly published. Court of Equity. —4 suit which has been for a considerable time in progress—that of Arthur against Messrs, Moore and V/ebb, at> trustees, and the Victoria Insurance Company : as purchasers of a life pcdiey—lvas to hrn/e been heard yesterday, but was adjourned by His Honor Mr. Justice Moles',vorth to allow plain tiffs solicitor an opportunity, of serving the Insurance Company with a notice which lie had accidentally omitted to serve. " The Weather.—After the slight fall of rain ou"Tuesday night, yesterday opened with a nasty olusc, • oppressive atmosphere, which lasted till evening. During tlV.i JMterjiion there was every appearance' of more rain, B'u't' ac 'kcur or two after dark a light breeze came up'From f,ho_ south, dispersing tho clouds, aud; making the niglit cooler. Ockation*.—The hon. treasurer of the Ben dig'o ' Benevolent Asylum (Mr. M. Tolmie, Xatioii.-il : B.inlc) wy U thanks, acknowledges receipt of '.C3 '3s.' from' Mr. Eobert Grieve, i Eagleiiuivk, in aid of the funds of the Tin; Sandhurst I.Nmi.snuAr, Exi1iiution\~ A deputation of Sandhurst gentlemen, working in the interests of the local Industrial Exhibi tion, spent a busy day in Melbourne yesterday, and we arc* pleased to notice frmn tin* repori we publish elsewhere, succeeded in the:r inter view d with various M 'ui^ters, in obtain ing favorable replies to .some important requests which the}' preferred. It has been promised that a special train shall run from Melbourne to Sandhurst at excursion ratas on the 'Jo1 tli March, when the exhibition will be torinally opened by His Excellency the Mirquis of Novmanby, and Mr. Woods has also pro mised to favorably consider the request that .special low-fare trains sluml-1 be run at intervals on the various lines, as was done when the liallarat exhihiti <n was open. Major Smith waited upon wah the viuw of obtaining the loan of an electric light, and a favorable though not definite reply was returned. After the deputation had linished with the Ministers its nn'inbera spent the remaining time at thrjr dis tosal by waiting on various linns in urtheranee of the intereau of thet vhibitiun. Aniongyfc others, Mr. Macdmig.tll, oi i.lie linn ol Sandy and Maedougali, was interviewed, wuh the objoet of procuring the loan of a secoini ehvtric light, the linn having one in their possession. Mr. Maeduugall said he would gladly comply with the request if the light, which id at present under oiler of safe, should be at his disposal at the opening of the exhibition, Messrs. lloclco and Co., furnishing warehouse men, have promised to send an attractive col lection of exhibits, and Mr, liailey, of Swanston street, a splend'd cmchological collection, which lie has lately received in exchange from the liritish Museum. Now that the success of the exhibition is so fufJy assured, the ommiiuec would experience no dillieully whatever iu pro curing a sullieient number ot attractive exhibits from the metropolis alone to iill double the en tire space available. Exmmnu.N' Ukkkhsu.mknt IjonTii.—As illus trating tin; anticipations that have been formed as to tlie probable success or otherwise of ilio Industrial lOxhiliitjoii to beopened hero on of the present month, wo may state that when the tenders for the right to ereet a publican's re freshment bar in the building were opened yes terday, it was found that the amount ollered by the highest tenderer for the privilego was 110 le.u less than £'205. And people who profess to know a tiling or two about such matters, confidently as3ert that "there's monoy in the speculation." Mr. Martin, of the Globo Hotel, Mitchell-street, is the gentleman who manifests this faith in the success of the exhibi tion. There were a large number of tenders sent in, and the contest is stated to have been very keen. Mkici'IMu of IiurciiKlw,—The adjourned meeting of butchers held in connection with the proposal to establish a company for the purpose of rendering down the fat remaining in .lie hands of the trade after supplying the wants of customers, took place last evening. Then: was a good attendance In accordance with previous arrangement, all those who had signified their intention of taking up shares "i the proposed undertaking paid the preliminary call, and it was then agreed that tenders should at once be called for the supply of the necessary plant. The meeting then adjourned until next £fcek. Pickwick Cum.— The ordinary^ monthly meeting of the Pickwick Club was held last evening at lletnniing's View Point Hotel; Mr. F. Maeubny in the chair. Mr. 11, Marks was elected a member of the club, anil several new members were proposed. It was decided to play "Hamlet" at the earliest convenient date for the benefit of the charities. This course has been adopted in accordance with general public desire. No doubt if the club carry out their intention they will have a iuiniper house. Messrs. Humming, Jeremy and By field, were appointed a sub-committee to arrange as to tlw most favorable date for the performance, and to carry out any other arrangements necessary for its success. Ki.moku Poi.iuk CouiiT.—At. this court yester day, before Mr. Webster, P.M., and Messrs. Kan-ell and Barrow, Js. P., Hamlet Appleby, of the Kuimymede Hotel, was summoned by Mr. Waters, inspector of licensed houses, for selling liquor at the Uuiinyniede races op the 12oli February without a licence. The defendant applied for .1 temporary licence for the occasion 011 the 10th Fehruaiy, and the application was granted by the city bench. Appleby, however, neglected to take up the licence, or pay the usual fee within the prescribed time. Hence the proceedings. In mitigation of the offence lie pleaded that his applicati 011 having been granted ho was not ;iw:\re that he was required to take out a licence. The hearing of the case occupied a con siderable time. Eventually the bench in dicted a line of £2i>, and £'2 2s. costs. Several debt eases were adjudicated on also, amongst ;hem being that of Sargent v. Bannister for £6 liis., value of a sewing-machine. Defendant and two witnesses sta;ed that the machine had been taken on trial only, and had been found defective, but as 110 agreement or written docu ment was offered in substantiation of the allegation, and plaintiff swore that the machine had been unconditionally purchased, a verdict was given for the amount .lued for, Coxckkt .vr ICagi.kiiawx.— uast evening a "rami amateur concert took place in the Town llall, Kaglehawk, under the auspices of the local lire brigade, the proceeds of which are to lie devoted to the benefit of the brigade. Tile hall was densely crowded, a number of visitors from Sandhurst, including suveial members of the City Fire Brigade, being amongst the audience, Tile concert was opened by Miss Kobins, who performed "La Zmgara " 011 the pianoforte in a very spirited manner, Miss li'ibins also kindly aot-jil ;u accompan yist. Mr. J. Walters was the! lirst vocalist, ami he sang " The minute gun at sea," and was followed by Miss Higgie with "I think of thee," which was well rendered. Mr. M'Guinness sang " M'ttor loy's twins," a comic song, in good style, and being encored, repeated the lust verse. The favorite ballad, "Molly Asthore," was done full justice to by Miss Dully, after which Mrs. Ingham sa-ig in good style, "Far away," "The white dills of Albion" by Mr. H. C. Johnstone, was well received, whilst the next vocalist, Miss M, Ribins, a little girl abiillt ten years of age, well deserved the applause bestowed 011 her for her exquisite rendering of tlial sweet song, " Lingering, l;iss little birdie." The next item was a comic M. Conolan, "That's where you make the mistake. " liu e^ent voice, and in response to the ibmnuv. ( icjiut he returned to the platform and sail*.', 1,1 S'.'P1' style, "Jonathan, Joseph, Jeremiah." ru! Kees sang very nicely " My Willie was a volun teer," Mr. 1). Brown finishing the lirst part .if the programme with his famous imitation of "Chinese opera," which fairly brought down the house. The Misses Crawford opened the second part with a pianoforte duet, which was well played. The same ladies and gentlemen appeared in file second part, and were equally siieectsfifl in pleasing the audience, as also was Mr. M. Doyle, danced an Irish jig, and Mr. Ah Hong, who sang a initios- accom panying himself 011 the Chinese fiddle. <lfter the concert was over the room was cleared, dancing commenced, and kept up with great spirit until the "wee sina' hours" had well advanced, "Tub Austkai US .J'jOksaI.."—We have re ceived the present month's part of this periodical, which contains a variety of instructive and en tertaining reading. The journal deserves liberal encouragement. Duniliquin Races.—The acceptances for c' ;• annual meeting of the Deiiiliquin Jockey Ch > have been published, ;uul ;u\> of a very satisfac tory character. For the Denilicuin Cup there .ire 14 horses; Handicap Hurdle Ilace, 10; Fly ing Stakes, 10; Railway Handicap, 11; Denili ijuin Jockey Club Handicap, 10; Telegraph Stakes, 9. The meeting will be held on Thurs day and Friday, 27th and 2S;h inst. D'Akoy Head's Ghosts.—An entertainment of au extremely novel nnd starling, character is announced to'appear in Sandhurst ui) the Hth instant. Tliis is known'as D'Arcy Bead's Q host Kxhibition, and it proved so successful in Sydney and Melbourne as to run for 20 a id 1U weeks respectively. The entertainment is said to lie of a most amusiug nature, and not in the least calculated to alarm or frighten. The visions and spectral effects are surprising to a degree, and the entertaiument being interspersed with music and singing combines art, science, ami sport. The paraphernalia is most extensive, weighing something like six tons in all. It in cludes a complete stage amf proscenium, which will be erected iu the Masonic llall Sjoijie 10 persons take p'art iu the entertainment/the busi ness arrangements being in the hands of the well-kuowu agent, Mr. \V. S. Medcalto. Australian and European Bank.—Notifica tion of this removal of the business of tiie Kay wood branch of this bank to the Sandhurst branch! appears in our advertising columns. Tlfk'IsifbE'iyOQb 'Host 1T.U'.—On St. Patrick's bay, 17th March, »' sports will be held at the Agricultural Society's'•Gr.mii.is, Inglewood, in aid of the i'nglsvy.-io.l Hospital. A good programme of sports has been piovideij for tlie occasion. .LiVEJjy Stables.—Mr. J. E. Featheratone, proprietor .of the Royal livery stables, lias bought out Mr. P. JL'lJrafch, of the cavalry livery stables, and hovos by careful attention to the animals eutrusted to his charge to lneric i continuance of the patronage of Jlr, M'tirath's customers. Bld.viiv.—Au arrest was made by Detective? O'Connell ami Muhouy on Monday of a man named John F. Edwards, on x charge of bigamy. The warrant on which tile apprehension was made was issued (says the Jiyu.,) at Newcastle, ITev; South Wales, and charges him with having niaVricd Kag^'ie Evers whilst his wife Rosannah Jidwards v/as's'tjii alive. Ili? Civt marriage took place at Guudagai, jfew Kou%.-V/jiJes, ci. --.c. 20th .August, ,1873, his wife's maideii'''.l;;ttf;e 'being Black with. It is stated that he was about to marry a third woman ia Melbourne , wln-u lie was arrested, The officers of the Melbourne Mint arc Jeter mined to give the Kelly gang a warm reception if they should visit their establishment. A target has been erected at the mint, at \fhich the clerk;! practice daily with revolvers. The A r.jin says that a beginning will very shortly be made in tile introduction of the I'enny Savings' Bank system in connection with the principal State schools. 'I'm: (ioi.D Discovery at Gippslan'd.—With regard to the recent discovery of gold in the (iipp.dand mountains, referred to in our yester day's issue, the Jfmihl says that the Govern ment have decided to investigate the atl'air thoroughly, to see if the .statements made to the Secretary of Minus on Tuesday are reliable. The honest and straightforward manner in which the informant gave the particulars leads the Mining depaitment to suppose that they are correct in the main; but of course the locality must he mentioned before any promise of a reward can be named, and then the permanent board that investigate these malLers must decide whether the information is worthy of much remuneration. These particulars have been pointed out to the gentleman who dis covered the goldliehl, and he will 110 doubt, in a lew days, place the Mining department in pos session of such information as may lead to the thorough investigation in the all'air. The country is described ;is very rough and wild, and at some times of the year it is continually covered with deep snow, which would rather retard the working of the mines. Tub Kciiuu.v HitrnciK.—At the meeting of tho Cabinofc Council on Tuesday the situation with regard to the Kcliuoa bridge was discussed. Ministers (says tho Argus) wore agreed that the forcible demonstration of Monday evening could not in any way he countenanced, and the Acting-Chief Secretary was directed to commu nicate with the (iovernnient' of New South Wales oii this point, and also 011 the importance of obtaining the legal opening of the bridge without delay. The bridge, it may be men tioned, is entirely within the territory of New HimUl Wales, although Victoria contri butes half co its cost. Our boundary line is the Victorian bank of the river. The Anju.i pub lishes a jn-i'iun of the ollicial correspondence, the tendency of which is to show that the responsibility of the delay rests with the New South Wales Government. Division ok Lahuu Rstatus.—Some of the landed proprietors in the Western district are following the good example set by the lion, YV. ,1. Clarke, in cutting up their estates into moderate-sized holdings, and letting them to the public for cultivation and for \vb;>t other use they might deem tho land more suited. We (Gerfonu Adrr.rti.-ia-) learn that Messrs. C. and A. Iv. Kinlay intend breaking up a portion of the Leura estate, recently purchased by them from the late Mr. Manifold. Tile land will be let in areas ranging from live up to 100 acres. Stautling Assertion.—During the hearing of an action of ljepperell v. Marniis Townsend, tried 011 the IGtli January, iu the Queen's Hench Division of the High Court of Justice, the plaintill', a retired Wesleyan miuistcr, and late co-cditor of Social Notes with Air. S. C. Hall, the well-known author, attiibnted an extra ordinary statement to Mr. Hall. He said Mr. Hall told him that " two-thirds of the entire clergy of the Established Church were habitual 1] rii 11 lr<i I'd u " Tub Loan Difficulties.—Considerable dis cussion arose at the meeting of the Cabinet on Tuesday (the Aye states) in reference to the floating of the loan on the Loudon market, ami .Ministers had it under consideration whether it would not even at Lhis late stage be advisable to pay the lauks the amount of commission they were entitled to by their contract to place the loan, and endeavor to lloat it from some inde pendent source, as was done in the ease of the New Zealand loan. Nothing definite was decided on, however, pending the arrival of further advices from Loudon. The desire of the Cabinot is to float the full loan of £;1,000,000 without delay at a figure considerably above the minimum suggested by the banks and objected to by Mr. Berry. Boiunu Koit WATiiit.—:V week or two ago we (Riverine IJertiM) .understand that an attempt wtja being made to sink a well on the artesian principle upon an aliui.iin:iit, the property of Mr. Wayleu, in High-street. south. On Tuesday afternoon water was struck in tho bore at a depth of 00 feet, and i"i driving another-1 feet the water rose 12 feet in the pipes. This is con sidered, so far, very satisfactory, and it is believed that by putting down the bore a little deeper, the water, which) we may add, is per fectly clear, will riue to the surface. Tiiu ItETCKJf Match Un-gland v. Victoria. —With reference to this match, which is to be commenced at Melbourne to-morrow, the Herald says:—Tho negotiations for the inclusion of Mullagh, the aboriginal cricketer, in the Vic torian team who are to meet the English cricketers ia a return match, have been successful. He has finally agreed to play, and is expected in Melbourne this (Wednes day) afternoon. Tho final selection of the Vic torian team has been made, ami it is as fol lows:—Allan, Alexander. I'.laekham, Boyle, Baker, D. Campbell. W. II. Cooper, Horan. Moule, Mullagh, and J. Slight. The absence of Major's name will no doubt be noticed with surprise by all who witnessed his sturdy de fence and fine all-round batting, which did much to win the last match. It is therefore necessary to explain that he is too unwell to play just now, or he would, undoubtedly have been included to the exclusion probably of ?»ioule. As it stands, however, tho Victorian team is a strong ' one' nearly all round. Mullagh is said to be in fine bow ling form, The Englishmen anxious to avert a repetition of their previous defoat, will nb doubt put their strongest team in tho field; and if Mr. Ponn's leg is sufficiently well he will probably replace Maekinnon, who probably is ab >ut the .,'eakest player among the visitors. There are those who incline to the belief that the Victorians witil an undoubtedly strengthened team rnuot wur, but although we expect a close finish, we should take the Englishmen for choice. Mn. Justice Stephen*.—Wo (Arynn) are very glad to learn that a lettar has been received from Mr, Justice Stephen, by tho mail, in which lie describes his health as materially improved, and expresses a hope that he will return to Melbourne quite convalescent. lvAIililT Exl'Klt.MI.N'ATOR.—Mr. Dow, M.L.A, introduced to the Minister of Lauds on Monday Messrs. Thain and Thomas, two inventors, who have perfected a machine for extcrmiuati'ig rabbits. Full particulars, togethei with a draw ing of the appliance, wax submitted to Mr. Longmore. who was impressed with the sim plicity and practicability of the idea, effectiveness combined with cheapness being leading features. jjlie result of the interview: Mr. Longmore authorised the inventors t,o gut o>10 of the;r machines constructed, (ho post of lyliiel) lie would guarantee, mid, ffllP'l pe^dy, 1}0 >voi)ld let one of the officers of the department nccom« pnuy them during a month's work iu the Donald district for a trial.—Aye. Waticic Supply.—When the Government 31iSjii'iit-toil the TiOa.ii Bill to Parli.imcut, it was explained that .-ClOd.QOO out of the Imiw Wilt!4 lie devoted to the ineruaso and extension of the water supply to the country districts. The ("iovnrnnitnc Itave already given definite promises to bever.il fjjfjtriots to the amount of fullyjt'50,000, and they have received applications to the extent of another £00,000 or £70,000. These applications are at present umler con sideration, hut as a matter of fairness the Government n'ill first attend to the wants of those districta'whiol; Ijaye been seeking assist- ; ance even ljefore the loan was in-njiosec},' after which the more reeent applications Sy.dl be con sidered, and eacli receive, according to the necessity of the erfso, 3. fair proportion of the amount then available.—Ttleyrajih. The Duke of Genoa.—According to private letters roeeived by iast mail, two Italian war ships, 011 a voyage . mind thp Rl'jhe, uuder command or llis Highness >thfi Dulia of Genoa, will call at Port Phillip about thc.ond of tliis year. It will be remembered that tlie Prince, who is the brother of tho Queen of .-Italy, visited this colony six years ago, when ho won favorable opinions for his urbanity and erudition.— Aye, The Mubiu'v.—The Eimrlnti lie raid says;— The last piles of the temporary fridge tyhich was erected across the Murray for the D. and M. Railway have beetj removed. Navigation, which was heretofore carried 011 with great dant;ur at tho two bridges, has thus been made much more easy. In tho past vessels were always compelled to drifc through with the stream, or " Irop through," as it is technically termed, and there was great danger of running into the temporary bridge, after having made a safe passage of the iron structure. It is stated that the pontoon bridge ia to be removed shortly to Gannawarra. Asiateur Highwaymen-. —The Etyjkhqiuk Leader says i—We learn that a well-known resident of tho Whipstiok and also known in Eaglehawk as a contractor, was "bailed up" one evening last week whilst travelling home wards from Huntly. He was quietly driving his horse and trap along the road when lour of tho Jarrikin nzni'i accosted him with " Bail up ; —we're' tlVelvclJys.'' but iu.';teul of obeying this pereinptqry <Jemaii<} "hV"kti'jiek! ens of the quartotta a heavy blow yith" the" whip! dkd almost simultaneously started his" ijqri'i off a£'a gallop and got out of reach of the incipient bushrangers. A IvKLic of Bygone Days.—We (Eaylehawk Leader) havp bcun favored with a "relic of the olden time " in the shape qf fhe second number of the ''Melbourne Advertiser," writtea for and published by Jno. P. I'awkner.' The Journal is dated .January 8th, 183S, and it is, consequently, r\>rty-ono years aiuce the then meagre popnlatinu of Melbourne read tho information therein contained. . There are some interesting items contained iu the issue, which is iu ordinary handwriting. The enterprising individual who' is' organ ju;:g n h:-aaa band of twenty women says that ir ilie'j'.leam jisjj r.3 p.s.ny " airs" as they put cm,' the experiment'JiiUmofc.i'ail of baiug a success. "' . - . . ■ 