NEWS AND NOTES. This day's events :-D'Arcy's Read's "Ghost” entertainment, at the Alfred-hall; M'Lean's Juvenile Troubadours, Academy of Music; meeting of City Counci; examination in drill, No. 33, 9.30 a.m.; Warden’s Court'(Band r 'of Hops jumping-case); public meeting, Town-Hall, Sebastopol; social gathering (vale dictory) -to Eev._R..T..Cummina I S6, Paul’s school house. “tr-r.-r—*-—-»r ~ The application of William Barton for. a- portion ;,bf ; thegroundat Redan at.preaantin' the occupation' of the Band and Albion Consols, oh' for" hear-' -ing- before the warden to-day. : A. J fresh' complication has been added to the case by tbs' London Chartered Bank lodging a caveat as mortgagees of the old St. Qeorge Company, which at pnsjtimedield-the ground in dispute. ...... - The-Ven.- Archdeacon Potter is expected; to‘ return from'Europe .to, this colony; either this'week or .next, by tho ship Hampshire, and pending'his arrival Bishop Thornton will officiate at iChriat: Church' Pro-Cathe dral,'the Rev, W. Kildahl having been ’ transferred to St. Paul’s parish. . a-.; ; :!or ■ The Australian and'European Bank.re-opened;’ its doors on Saturday, and the business done ‘ during the \- t day was' very encourajpng. ', ; !: . The- Rev. R. T. Cummins, .who ‘ has obtained eighteen months’ leave of- absence.from .the -parish,of St. Paul’s,'addressed somevaledictory remarks-To , his congration at both morning : ahd ; evening - services on Sunday,jand to the Sunday-school -in the afternoon;' There were large congregations ■ present, and in the evening, 'wheh hply 'communioh' was celebrated,: the Rev. Mr Cummins found difficulty in bidding farewell to his charge without breaking, down. - He took for his text the words, “The Lordbe with you all,” and said that was the best wish he could express towards his old congregation while he was- absent.. He con tinued—“ Whom have I to think of in leaving ? ; Of those'.with whom. I have been associated aa : their pastor,-andsome who for twenty year's have been my fellow-laborers for the Lord. I must not omit to offer my. cordial 4 acknowledgment of:the services of all those who havelabdred with me for so many years, and in particular my church committee and able, choir,' and iny devoted Sunday-school teachers.' From 1 all - these - I have received' invaluable aid,' and , L • offer - themmy warmest thanks. It is very painful to Separate at all times, and God has given me-many friends here, and 1 hope... I have no enemies. Certainly I have cherished no ill-feeling to anybody, but for a-large;number-I entertain the warmest pastoral love.” -He then wished his congre gation- farewell/’ and- urged them to be prompt ,in their attendance to their, religious duties,, and to assist their new., pastor.(the Rev. W. Kildahl) as far as lay in their power.-;He asked them for their prayers for himself, and by inviting them to accept the favorable opportunity which then-presented itself of their joining at the communion -table, and so com mending themselves together to the'-Lord at His mercy seat. : ! There were subsequently a .largo number of communicants. ; To-night the Rev. Mr Cummins will be entertained at-,-a farewell soiree in the school room, and will go hence to labor a time in the parish of Malvern. • • • We regret to learn that Mr William Cooper, pro prietor and editor of the Portland Guardian, one of the oldest papers in the colony, died suddenly: on Thursday evening last from disease of the heart. The deceased gentleman was an old resident of Bal larat, having been a photographer here sixteen or seventeen years ago, and he was then also well known in local political circles. He left Ballarat to go to Portland, and has remained there ever since, and died respected by all who knew him. The Hamilton Spec tator says:—“He was a liberal large-hearted man, a steadfast and genial friend, a good and kind husband and father, and will long be missed from the town he has labored so earnestly and persistently to place on its proper footing in the colonial world.” The remains of the deceased gentleman were interred in the Port land Cemetery on Sunday. Mr, Knud Bull has painted another view of Lake Wendouree of' the same dimensions as the one pur- chased by Mr H. R, Caselli. The new view was exhibited in Messrs Bardwell and Beauchamp’s window on Saturday evening, and attracted a good deal of attention. It is taken from the north-west shore, but at a different angle from the previous one, the new view givinggreater prominence to the large willow island off the edge of which Bishop O’Connor’s palace is visible. The foliage of the island is admir- ably managed, as are all-the details of the foreground, which are a delightful study, with their manifold charms of aquatic life, in which we may include the yachts that so gracefully float on the water. Mount Buninyong is again shown in the remoter background, but the details there are not so clearly marked nor the distance so well preserved as in the earlier view. However, we may say of both pictures as Macheath of his perplexing sweethearts. Nay, more than that. He could be happy with either if the other was away, but we could be happy with both of'Mr Bull’s pleasant pictures of Wendouree. We understand that the new picture is for sale, and is the last the artist will produce. A very unseemly disturbance took place in Ballarat East on Sunday evening..; 'A young man named "Wil liam Russ,'who -.was. in an .advanced ,stage of intoxi cation, and was making use of obscene and disgusting language,- was arrested by a constable oh duty at about half- past' 5 ololbck,' when .His conduct became so violent andrbrutal ss.tb necessitate the assistance of a second policeman who went.to'the rescue. . Russ was then joined by a mate of about bis own age named: Broze, who assisted him in -resisting: and attacking the two constables, who, however,-were too. much for their rowdy opponents, and after having'been kicked severely and otherwise maltreated en route, .odged the roughs in the watchhdusV" ; . -v" The committee of the old, identities’ excursion to Sandhurst met on Friday night-in the. Qeorge_hotel. Present—MrJ.Hammond -.(in the chair),, and Messrs Irwin, Evans;Dyte, and Whitehead, Thehon.secretary (Mr Henry Davies) 4 -reported -that all the accounts were received*:and-.that: he. had:-prepared a balance sheet of receipts and-expenditure, which showed that, after defraying all expenses, there was still a -credit balance of £B. Tha report-was received-and adopted. The accounts were all passed for‘payment, and it was decided to divide' the balance in handequally between the Orphan Asylum and the Ladies’ Clothing-Society; It was also decided, to send letters to the Sandhurst newspapers, expressing the. thanks- of -the committee, to the mayor and citizens of Sandhurst and Eagle hawk for the splendid reception given to, the Ballarat visitors on Tuesday last. ' On Saturday morning there was ice better than a quarter of an inch in.thickness at.Smythesdale, and one person had. to light.a fire beneath the tap of his water tank before he could get the latter to act. The following reply..has Been received'by the Anglers’ Association from the Department of Trade and Customs to the memorial forwarded some-few weeks since, asking that’.netting might be prohibited in certain waters ■ mentioned;—.” I am. to inform you in reply to your ;meinorial that netting in any river, oreek- r or. stream ;is already prohibited by Fisheries Act, 37 Vic., N0—473, see. 15.‘—1 have, &b.;, J. Chatfield Ttiieb,'Assistant Commissioner.” The'boating season is quite at an end,at Wendouree. Most bf the sailing crafts have-been dismantled for the winter, and several have been placed under shed. Commodore Edwards’yacht Victoria is in the hands of Mr Brooks, who recently remodelled Mr Morey’s Maid of Kent. • The Viotoria will be a new vessel from abaft the midship section. The yacht , has .been lengthened by 3 feet, and will, .when finished, present quite !an' altered model aft. Mr Gill’s favorite steamer Wendouree is still on the hard,' and is undergoing a complete overhauling; both hull! and machinery being placed in- first-class order. When again afloat, and fitted with the latest style of awning and deck accom modation, the, steamer will' be a credit to, Her plucky owner and to the lake. . Messrs Ivey and Cos. are taking advantage of the dull season to place their steam fleet in A 1 order, and to rendet the boats as comfortable for passengers as possible.! A few weeks of dull inkctivity.'at ths-lake will soon.pass away, and there caU be no doubt that yachting and rowing men will at the opening: of the next season enter vigorously into-their favorite recreation. There are several candidates in the field for the' ahire : and- borough auditorship left vacant by the absence from the colony of Mr Glaud Pender, who formerly filled this ‘office for two boroughs, Smythes dale, Scarsdaleand Browns, and an adjoining shire. Messrs Brophy and Bell, MV.L.A., introduced a de potataonj-conßiating-vof—Messrs -Hickman, Bishop, Munro, and Vale, to the Hon. Major Smith on Satur day, for the purpose of- asking the Minister to erect a brick school in plaee of the present wooden one at Alfredton. 4 In'reply, Major Smith said that asjsoon as the title, for the site had been- perfected, the -brick building, foe which the plans’; were already p'repiared, would be proceeded with— -. \--■Mr Bird; M.L.A., , with I - a lively , consciousness of rectitude, is-still at cross purposes with his colleagues of the Scarsdale - Library Committee, and has sent the.m-.a paper missive protesting against drawing the Government grant from the Sub-Treasury at Smythes dale; as it was : obtained on false.repreaentations. The letter was deemed bytheObminittae bellicose and imper tinent, consequently. not..received, and Mr A- Young, J;P., signed for and drew the money. - Mr Bird, how ever* 'intends - -'when ' Parliament -meets; to. fully, venti late the subject. .; Hotelkeepers will dp well.to be on. the look-out for a well- known Jeremy Diddler who is now on circuit in Ballarat,,and has.a weakness for such unconsidered trifles as bottles of grog which, may be; standing for a few momentsua watched'by,, the landlord.Mr F. B. "Wilson, of the Buck’s Head, is the last host who has found out that a bottle of good old port proves too to this bar sneak to leave untouched, the landlord In question hamV robbed of a decanter flUed*Jl?i. iJ,lor d*J ni v " the moat unblushing mannT himself in the hands®! & hia evil ways. D P oll « Unla, We have been reaneai.a i . ' " ,tr a ot £1 Is from Mr T Cab;° a ?^ n °wledjr a ti assft£,arSsftftts?! M . B .E. t i£^Ssg steamers were fairly halr™- Bw4 rowing boats were Thsl’i 304 “Muffin 1,15 and if the favorite members of the City Council ‘f° l *»» fc* run to waste down the n„ “ resorted to MbEprZfeWteb of the boating and Dlea«nr» will m ft, a magnificent sheet P of water* 6 to? gensr *% to? 5 a' decidedly wintry asS ?&***£* promenade during such fine wLf ori we enjoyed during the past fJ daj ? Mft « 5S . , The Cambrian Hill s».f. , examined on the 20th inst K- w*°j!> 820 * of State schools. There were S,? examination, of whom 125 chlldre, > lift spector’s percentage waa g?-]!, 6 , P Tl/j? reports:— 11 The result of th« - ’ . ®imcu satisfactory,- good and neat ® classes; the organisation is good- ik a n d lent; the efficient condition „’f creditable to Mr Millar and «tV h ,V' cllMl «to Miss Hemnehsen). Seventeen™ .. v 531 w ma »lh daa oUdM lb.ir,„J[™ • »>» Mr Martin Longhlin, the Bower, the winner of the HandicSJP* Bf H chase races at Warrnambool, has Normauby, that ran second in tK edll “ tea from Mr T. Skene for £m\ h ' fc *w«4 n? A special meeting of the i „ held at Smythesdale on Thu Jay application for mining on land at i.aT’ f° “«t u oS Oto'capSSiitof .1“ » Allnutt left, several monthsa B o l«> EaP ' a picture of “The Crucifixion " on F “-| rc3e “ the Sunday-school teachers, on the k l 6 leaving the parish for that of St, panying - the picture was the following V neat portfolio;- 11 To the Rev..W.Eldin’ '1 1 —As your connection with Christ PhnlTn school is drawing to a close, we esteem and gratitude for the kindn.ia which you have bestowed upon uaduA?i !, v tet charge in this parish; and we would 7** this picture as a small memento of u,3 '*** of our regret at the severance. WUhia^™"® 1 happiness in your family circle, and God'S/" 1 the worA that you aJe about to remain, Christ Church Sohdat-schooi -P?L Ballarat, 20th June, 1879,” The Acting Chief Secretary has recom.rf a services of Mr F. Buckland inintrodlSiv trout to the Australian colonies by thsfolK? complimentary letter, a copy of which hu 2 forwarded undercover to Dr Whitcombs 7, instance of the Hon. Major Smith. ThetdU„ pondence is as follows' 11 Education Da».rt™T Melbourne, 20th June, 1879. Sir,-Theffis S , m ‘ th , d v; ects ®. e to forward to you the enclosedcoo, of the letter which has been sent to F.T BmM Esq., M.A., inspector of salmon fiiheri>. 'm:S ■Loudon, and to say that Victoria is in to degree indebted to you in the matter of initiiticgtb acclimatisation of English trout.-! hare the horn, be, Sir, your obedient servant, Aimed kiss, private secretary to the Minister of Public Inatruch" Dr Whitcombe, Ballarat.”- 11 Chief Secretan'uSa Melbourne, 16th June, 1879. • Sir,-The ncadd ■ acclimatisation of the English trout in the iltomtl this colony having been now thoroughly established, I tiring the time has arrived when it should be phsi on official record that the honor ot initialing id ■ acclimatisation in Australia is certainly due in tbs largtst degree to youraelf and Mr Francis Fncii, .who jointly presented to the Tasmanian Gothuel the boxes of trout ova in 1861, for the purpose and introducing that fish into Tasmanian waten. Ih feasibility, of their acclimatisation haring bcen pnrtf a supply was thence obtained at a later period forth colony,'and some of its rivers may be said to bs css fairly stocked. The aid you thus gave in dsmomint ing the practicability of conveying the fish indigema to oho hemisphere to another, and thus establiihiEgi supply for the inhabitants of the latter of food id; sport, is one of such eminent practical utility, till it gives me the greatest pleasure to' be ihitrnmtiUl a conveying to you the deep sense of the oblipth under which you have placed this colony bjjra thoughtful donation fifteen years ago.—l hin th honor-to be, Sir, your most obedient servant (Sgcrfl Bryan O’Loghlen. F. T. Buckland, Eiq, IU, Inspector of Salmon Fisheries, Whitehall, falq S.W.” The severe frost on Friday night was one cl tie heaviest ever known in Ballarat, and many were ts. stories told on Saturday morning about th»bunSg of water-pipes and consequent flooding of premia The City Council has very wisely tamed Bald the starving trout out from the apology lor s tail ing pond at the gardens into Wendouree, where tiij may be expected to do well It is quite this M the messing about of valuable fish in the two Bri pans at the gardens gave place to practical com® sense work. ■ The ponds are well enough iciled h the accommodation of tame ducks sod pet gold hi, blit they never were, and never will be, fit fe cy thing else. What the council should do is to tin the mouth of the long spawning rill comnumalnj with the lake cleared, so that the breeding treat ai ascend the rill. The fish arc 'now looking fa lin ing beds, and as soon as the rill is deaf fortra should be left alone, as any messing about to I ruin the prospeota of the season. .. On Sunday a Chinese at Haddon attempted ’ destruction by cutting his throat. About avs ¥ the same individual attempted to poison hint! _ a large dose of opium. At the latest sajien . alive, as a half-caste rode into Smytheidale fori. doctor to attend the wounded man. . 'lt is not often that we have to a'femalo pickpocket in Ballarat. OoS.tari. WJ Mrs Catherine Moore, a resident of Dead into Ballarat on busineas, and dunog _ visited.O’Farrell’a aalt-yards with a view P . some pigs. While looking at a pen i Moore felt a hand in her pocket, an * _ and found the hand to be that o , upon being grasped by Mrs So4 l dr g fl ;-l belonging to the latter, and which . would'* Hid. The pickpocket broke away fan l & - victim, and ran out of the ' a,e 'l b rd ia was promptly given to ConiUble Maher,» pursuit, and apprehended the at once recognised as the same who p At the lock-up the woman P Ti .?! i* Smith, and stated that she was ‘lbfaJ “ ! si .rl age, and'a dressmaker, residing in j., be dealt with at the City Court t . At Christ Church PrqCathedwl m noon ah examination of S , tn thoss held, when prizes were awarded fa greatest proficiency in. ,, pied some time past the Bov. incumbent, has devoted great en g of this class, and with the staff of teachers has ? ffe f. ted F Suodi the class, as the examination „ .jjjhi! l a very satisfactory nature, B “° s *jnlis HqP* were Misses Annie M Kewan and Master Robert Sawkms. The many friends of ¥ r , le l, n ’{hst . Main street, will ba P lea ? a ., ; a bedfast that gentleman has been lu< J oE pninO suffering from a severe health had considerably iMPfo to get a and that most likely-to again in the course of afe J ■; Mr David Edward t li liceneiog magmtrate for ,tSi> wood, in place of Mr B _ ,keenip^jfjq Mr James Stevenson, ] unlor for act, temporarily, as division of the Ballarat mining ■ son, senior, deceased. , fei: The State school. Happy 0 ( Gr 6 a polling place for the east nding. - tor municipal elections. held fa A Government land sale w . . Tuesday, 22nd July- yj A meeting of farmers v f or I square on Saturday aftern the eidering the desirability M'Tntosbt 0 in the market. Hr ffa a the convener of the mee m eoU»! 1( and said that be_ ba ea mtions ° 3 . di , a; :que'noe of certain rep 0 { opem”? several farmers, that t tlliin it bridge should be “ade earfa (9 a.m.), and that the h „ p.m., M -cease should be h* ed 8 ° t() ge { hooe* 1 farmers and their n» . jjangiog a ji |? hour, instead “ £ Murphy till 4 or 5 o clock. at houra seconded, that the fa ~ i n m . On being put the ola- tak o Mr Feery, Bald Hills, c 5 Ament w* 3 , S „f which was carried, almost ffle “‘’ r ket open at 8 a,.m.,,and lr that the mar Arrangements 0 ea M l.faon to be sent to the City for this resol body- would comply J Mocb, J.P., of Berry- ements have been made for r:.v toetata that, arra « gtch on his property. Set w ° •‘X a thirty-Wo dog stake; entrance i"e event mil b9^ a no iinations to be made with Cape Clear > ndt later than the ?th days fi«d for the conrs.ng are Thurs- S 20th and 21et August. Aay and Fnaay. -■ MC ;dentally jerked out Dr May’by one of the wheels getting bjood a good shaking he otherwise into 8 rut, ou j «*&'■ Warren, lately clerk in the gldale, has been relieved of his Kaliona! " i sr ities, and his place has been from the Buroa branch, o ' d !u‘thereat the lime of its capture by the notorious Kellf oq thfl merino stations correspondent) is now nearly K“ . tenure this season will scarcely amount orer,«nd*? B a, “^. to the want of rain and young l» 50 f'[“t .fit.d on a former occasion, the recent pas- vjnflt-. reach the plains country, and the com: runs did • not r 1 an d extend to Lismore, Mount p'j“ u t",nd Li« as Darlington. Where rain has E!pt “iTthß young grass was springing up, the fro.tswiU affect its growth, and prove rect - VOUCH lambs that are scarcely strong M t ‘ b , J up agrinst the inclemency., of the 1„„ Kaa is to be published as a morning Tt n',SnC Ist July, and its place is to be taken 06 toSiny ®>r, another CoDBervatlve J° urnal > the death of Sir George SjlSf 86 years an/a. he has bid rsaco , . t years bis demise was not bte “S week it 6Tident t 0 te mSdsttadi. Dr Dempster that hU end was teAITSSSSi. “* Tbs mshy friends of the gentleman referred to will Weuedtoleam from a notice in the Times of the s/miv that the Hon. Bobert Henry Mannera- Sutton,, ,3“ of onr former-Governor, Lord Canterbury, has been called to the English bar. The Lands Enquiry Commission met on Friday at the Chief Secretary's offices, and examined Mr Skene, th. sarrijor-general, rejecting the rnallea country. Sabseqnently, the commission discussed the heads of tleirnport, which it is understood (says the Argus) wi!l be ready for presentation to Parliament soon after tie session opens. Mesas Macßaio, Tytherleigh, and Clark, M’s.L.A, yaled on the Minister of Education on Friday, to ask for the reappointment of one of the ninety unquali fied Slate .school teachers who have been dispensed nth to make room for the numerous licensed and. certificated' teachers seeking employment from the department, Mejor Smith refused the application, on the pound (says the Argus) that if he revoked the deoion in one case he would be called upon to do the eime in others. For the past two or three weeke (says the Portland toirespondent of the Hamilton Spectator) fish have been most abundant in the bay, and several curious itrengen have been captured, the like of which were mret found in Portland Bay before. On Wednesday bet an immense fhthead was caught, the dimensions of which are well worth recording. The monster was neared by Mr H. Butler, as a companion possibly to hie octopus, and was carefully measured and weighed h; onr postmaster and local naturalist, Mr Maple stooe. The fish was 2 feet 10 inches long, 9 inches scron the head, and weighed just 104 lbs—a perfect father 0! flatheads yon will say, the capture of which would create a sensible gap in piscine society. This fiae specimen was forwarded to Professor M’Coy, who vill doubtless assign it a place of honor in our national collection of natural curiosities. Saturdays Argus says:—“ The Cabinet met yester day afternoon, and was occupied for a couple of hours with the consideration of various matters which have to be dealt with before the opening of Parliament. Mr Berry le now discharging the duties of Chief Secretary, hot Major Smith is to continue to act as Treasurer for a short time, until Mr Berry is fairly abreast of the work of the first-mentioned office. With regard to the notice of withdrawal of the Government moneys from the ten associated banks, we are informed that it will-not necessarily be acted upon, but the moeol this notice places the Government at liberty, at the end ij[ six months, to make other arrangements should they then deem it desirable to do so. The Government may desire to confer the benefit of rheir iccpuQt upon other banking institutions, or it is poa b y bought that the threat of such a proceeding maid secure for them better terms than are at present pna by th* associated banks.” ” nk at tb e Academy of Music was opened for the season on Saturday night, about sixty feiions bung present. Minstrels are to give a concert at •j, . hmton, on the evening of the 27th “Lh. m aid of the funds of the Ballarat Hospital. p'syod at the Eastern Oval on veX? V u“ aerera ’ FootbaU Club. Sides a chosen by Messrs Martin and Thorne. The r^“ D nw result ' diaaT!otor y for thB former «MfL tW °’ j lO winners, Swayne, 8 DpUy weU > and for the Clunea Coursing Stake, the run- Omme ?. C 0 Thurada y. will take (to-nurtowl pin.; rooa Jf> Craig’s hotel, on Tuesday nied with It, ° ‘ Dg at 6 P-m, > and must ba accompa °f £i As. The dried. PWO lmme diataly the entries are con “d^rCreanoMl"? 8 ’ ° £ the Burrumbeet auspices of the nail* P lo “8 bln g match, under the Bw'tv, to come „(r and Pastoral n4th -^ ly ’ onthe farm ' of *®ng columns. W> Wl 08 Pouad Pn our adver oithliedwWhil 0 Troabado « r ». who -were so hire since been nl * Bb °. t ‘ me ainoe, and who Ktlbonrne at (if Wltb marked success in Frl ri S ’ Theatre > will open o[s taio to'reprodnpa Bb ° rt Bea aon at the Academy Um «>g Performances Thn exceedlD B 1 y clever and Kanced by «;&•< f „ I oom pany has been pro lihibit their top i° ? D i exCedent one > a °d will Jjhoch and Master P* 1 , a e u nt8 > Pa which Miss Nina ® ! Normanc H te tM« r ato - haVe beeo 80 auccessfuL "and“ patchwork'’ Dg WiU b 0 “ Conrad and fjf D’Arcj Head* W advart ' ee mont elsewhere t ke3 . a benofit to-night at the 5® hteiefi bow\o ffh Bl °n S ba «t? wifi make entitled “ p,,. e T bldarat public, A new in addition * I P ff sen ‘. and Future” will U’fitywd Town at^ raot ‘ V 6 programme. & ! ’«Jchadrenare n t o £ a7O ki ? dly 8™ tb ™ ParcnU ü be admitte d free for the "^QentuaticluitT'‘w'fJ ll mind - aa tbe \- anoh treat for both young and old. 