i i; [•: l a x :>. THE LIFE AND TIMES OF CARDINAL CULLEN. The following is the e<>ntnruxth moil preached by Father i iurke. S(delim Jlequiem Mass, celebrate Cathedral, Ilublin, being tile die the late Cardinal Cullen. If Ireland, in ISbO, w ere the vie prosperous nation in the world, in the poorest and most afflicted, i show in this year of grace, i '7' and magnificent evidences of her : ^orCod and for His Cliurch. The animating, encouraging and dim derful work of the Irish Cutixdie <. last twenty-eight years, was 1’ ui of the sev , 0. at tiie d at the ITo ntlds Mind <d host arid most stead of doing die could not , more noldt? 'aith and love guiding spirit ring the wou nd Cardinal Cullen, and history Mill record the events of liis Pontificate as perhaps the most wonderful and glorious epoch in the whole ecclesiastical his tory of Ireland. His first act, after lie was enthroned in St. Peter's Chair at Armagh, was to summon the great national Synod of Tlmrles, over which he presided as Legate of the Holy See. It might he supposed, as indeed it was often asserted, that his long absence from Ire land, and his protracted stay of thirty years in Rome, had unfitted him for his position as head and leader of the Irish bishops, and that lie was of necessity, ignorant of Ireland and of herwants. But we must remember that for many years Dr. Cullen was the agent and representative of the Irish Bishops in i(oiue ; that all the ecclesiasti cal hu.sinc.ss of the country wont through his hands and was transacted by him ; con sequently that he more than any other living man knew and understood the state and the wants of the Church in Ireland. We must also remember that, though far away in Pome, the heart of the man and liis strongest human love ■were with Ireland. In these days of loud speaking, often self-socking, sometimes foolish and mischievous patriotism, it is good and salutary to remember the life and charac ter of the strong, silent, true patriot, who so nobly devoted all that was in him—-and it was much—to the service of the highest interests of his country and his people. Hit: Irish Bishops assembled at Thurles soon perceived that the Apostolic Legate required no instruction as to the state of Ireland or of the Church. The vastness and clearness of his learning astonished and delighted them. Every grave question of discipline, theology, or Canon Law was in stantly taken up and discussed by him with such power of argument, such weight of evidence, clearness of proof, such copiousness of analogy and illustration, that the most learned of his bre thren found that they could rest upon him as upon a secure rock of ecclesiastical learning, that they could safely commit themselves to his guidance fur his wonderful prudence and rare moderation whilst the meekness of the man and his unatlected humility charmed and softened every heart, and prepared the way for the unbounded confidence which they ever after reposed in him, and for the unlimited influence which he gained in their councils. For in truth nothing reveals to us the character of this great man more clearly than the strange, un bounded influence which lie obtained, and the manner in which it was exercised. Although his authority was great and his position the most exalted, yet never was he known to call in the aid of liis authority or assert Ins position. His great learning might have tempted him to enjoy an occasional dialetio or literary triumph over an adversary, yet never was lie known to put forth that learning for any purpose of con tention, but only for instruction, and that the truth might be defended, propagated, and ac eepteo. jNevcv was man more tenderly respectful * >f the rights of < .fliers, m< ire ap] larentl y f, iryctf ul < >f his own. Exalted by Ids virtue into the higher spiritual atmosphere where self is lost* he seemed utterly incapable of perceiving, much Ievs resenting, insult or injury ; self-assertion and the meaner passions of our nature seemed to have no plane at all in him. He never made the slightest apparent eil'ort to obtain or extend his influence ; it was liavd to know ’now it came : and yet there it was, and forth from him it that breathes lay not in his high b grout power and ■a 'Ufidenee created ■-seeing prudence, forward character, of life. Men felt •nvietion of their art deepened by fade 1 to create that lie rapidly '■elded with eoil ■1 mercy a power mstn .1 ilSlli went like an element of suotle sweetness, puri tying the air, unseen, aim.>stuiifelt, yetstrength ening and refreshing every it. Tiie truth is hismlluen position, previous liistory, . authority : but in the implio by his great learning, Ids j Ins unselfish, simple, straigj and, above all, iiis holme: that in trusting to his guidance they were saved from all perils arising imm ignorance, prejudice, ■ >r passion : and the assured minds was soon strengthened the warm love which he no in those who knew him, s gained without an effort, and sunmte prudence, gentlene.-s, greater than that of any r than that oi any man, wlm hr On many important question divided ami used freely that: which the t atimlie Church ciiihinm. ii111 the presence soo- began to lie tclt, and tm came fm'tii signed bv the ir man. Church discipline - enforced : tiie obligations in privileges accorded, bv on and extended ; the beautv of and its surroundings provide, l'itative decree : tiie great <.u education, by wliicli 1‘ he da from destruction, " settled f, a the mind of the Church : the our ancient ('liurch to Home - more ample iiistnietiunofthe } tiie liangf-rs to which they w pointed out and denounced : in a spirit infused into every order . the Catholic Church in Ireland and people received the decrees o; avail t ■d a l .r day. to alii her t-der spirit ■'-■re< s ig Tlmrles i episcopate to a s restored and osed, as also the n law defined ic house of (lod ■r by an antiio ;d id es vn 1AV11 r ; the pae]inanled for: a word, a new' id branch of The clergy tiie National Synod with joy, and the Primate, returning to his See, began the enforcement of themjwith so much vigour, yet so much sweetness, that we are reminded of St. Charles Borromeo returning to his diocese with the decrees of Trent in his hand. In 185*2 the great and saintly Archbishop of Dublin was called to his reward and crown in Heaven, and the Primate, by the almost unanimous voice of the clergy, and to the delight of the faithful people, was called from the chair of St Patrick to that of St. Laurence O’Toole. In the wider field now opened before him the Archbishop continued his great labours for the restoration of ecclesias tical discipline, the splendour of the Church’s liturgy, the cause of Catholic education, the religious instruction of the people, and the ample provision for the sick, the poor, and the afflicted. The restoration of ecclesiastical dis cipline enforced by the decrees of Thurles (which in their turn were but a repetition of the mandates of the Council of Trent), involved some sacrifice on tire part of the clergy ; the surrender of pleasures which though innocent, were not priestly, their greater withdrawal from the world, the daily and diligent exercise of prayer and study, the yearly exercises of retreat, their external habit and clothing—in'a word, all that goes to make the holy priest and fitting minister of the dread altar of Cod. Who could refuse to conform his life to this higli ideal of the priesthood when the authority and stringency of the law were en forced and illustrated hy the bright example of the great and saintly Archbishop? In the searching light of his exalted position his im maculate life was clear and open to all. They saw in him a man dead to the pleasures of the world, and wonderfully corresponding with the apostle's idea of a bishop. “ For a bishop must be without crime as the steward of Cod, not proud, not subject to anger, not given to -wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre, but given to hospitality, gentle, sober, just, holy, con tinent, embracing that faithful Word which is according to doctrine, that he may be able to exhort in sound doctrine, and to convince the gainsay<5rs.” All these virtues shone out con spicuously in the life and character of the great prelate, so that the clergy followed “not by constraint, but willingly, according to Cod,” the precepts of him who in his “gentleness and meekness” lorded it not over the clergy, but was made “ a pattern of the flock from the heart.” He never asked a priest to do what ho him self had not already done most perfectly and nobly. With wonderful patience, and with a mercy large like that of Cod, did he labour to can'}-out all necessary ecclesiastical reforms and laws, until at last men found their greatest happiness and pleasure in conforming to his ordinances, and observing them in faithful imi tation of his brigh example. And that the ec clesiastical spirit might be secured to the priest by curly training and preparatory discipline,— that the people of this great diocese might have secured to them for all future time the inesti mable blessing of a learned, holy, and devoted priesthood,—the Archbishop devoted all his energies to the erection of the great diocesan seminary of ('lonlill'e, which will remain the alma of the future clergy of this citjT and diocese, and a crown of immortal glory to the holy Prelate who raised it. His archiopiscopal career was marked by his labours for the splen dour of the Church's Liturgy. The kings of the earth are surrounded by the ceremonial of their respective courts, and it is natural in man to invest supreme dignity and authority in the state with such signs of honour. The Catholic Church is the palace of the King of kings, Almighty Cod ! Her altar is His throne, her sanctuary His court. The beauty and stateliness of His House are dear to the heart of Cod. It was written of old, “How beautiful arc Thy tabernacles. O Lord the Cod of Hosts ! My heart longeth and fainteth away for the courts of the Lord.” The order and magnifi cence of the public worship of the Old Law, which was hut the shadow of future blessings, was amply provided for by the Almighty God Himself, as we read in Livitions. How much more must we. consult for the worship in the new law, where Cod Himself is immediately present, whore every movement prescribed to the ministers of the altar is an act of faith in that Awful Presence, and derives its meaning from it, and is intended as a powerful aid to the faithful to realise that Presence in a fitting spirit of adoration and love. Hence the ministering order <>f the Levites of the new law is prescribed, down to its minutest details, by the Church’s rubrical laws. These important Laws, govern ing her public worship, the Archbishop enforced and observed with the utmost exactness. Truly he loved the beauty of Cod’s bouse and. the place whore his glory dwelloth. Lor the increasing of that splendour of worship he associated the chapter of Dublin with that of St. .Tohn Lateran in Home, and the Jicarts of the people were elevated and gladdened by the glorious functions of the ('hurch. Who amongst us can forget the perfect dignity with which he conducted the services of the holy Church? ’‘When he went up to the holy altar he honoured the vesture of holiness. And when he took the portions out of the hands of the priests he himself stood by the altar. And about him was the ring of his brethren, and as the cedar planted in Mount Libanus, and as the branches of palm trees they stood round about him and all the sons of Aaron in their glory. And the oblation of the Lord was in their hands before all the congrega tion of Israel, and finishing his service on the altar to honour the offering of the Most High King, he stretched forth his hand to make a libation, and offered of the blood of the grape. He poured out at the foot of the altar a divine odour of the Most High Prince. . . . Then all the people together made haste and fell down to the earth upon their faces to adore the Lord their God, and to pray to the Almighty God the Most High. And the singers lifted up their voices, and in the great house the sound of sweet melody was in creased. And the people in prayer besought the Lord 'Most High until the worship of the Lord was perfected, and they had finished their Office. Then coming down he lifted up his hands over all the congregation of the children of Israel, to give glory to God with his lips and to glory in His name.—(Eccles. 50.) Such scenes as these, with the holy Cardinal Arch bishop as their glorious centre, have we wit nessed in this great church, and our memory recalls them as amongst the happiest moments of our lives. Next to his great zeal for the im mediate worship of Almighty God came his zeal for the great cause of religious education. The Archbishop was the first to acknowledge what we all confess and know, that, next to the grace of God, the highest and most necessary blessing that man can receive is education. St. Thomas Aquinas, the greatest theologian of the Church, proves ignorance to be the root of all sin in man, and its primary cause. Our own experience tells us of the hopeless condition of the unin structed. To raise up a people morally, spiritually, even physically, the first step must be to educate them. Cut out of the scheme of your education the cultivation of the heart or of the will, and that which should be so fair and so beneficient becomes a monstrocity and a curse. The intellect is cultivated by know ledge, the heart and the will by religion and grace. The system of education, there fore, which banishes God and religion from the school is in reality no education at all. In such a system the intelligence receives only half, and that by no means the most important half, of its food—natural knowledge as apart from the supernatural knowledge of Divine faith. Nay, even the natural knowledge is false and im perfect without the supernatural. In such a system T’hylnsnpliy wlffcli leant on Heaven tieforo Shrinks to its second cause and is no more. Ill such a system the heart and will are left wholly untouched by grace, and delivered over to the dominion of a “ reprobate sense.” Such is the education propounded, and indeed en forced, byjso many in our day. Such is the edu cation denounced hy the Inspired Apostle of old, and which at this moment is covering the face of Kurope with its hitter results, in law lessness, socialism, and blood. Against this education the Cardinal Archbishop laboured with voice and pen, and in opposing it success fully “ be took care of his nation and delivered it from destruction.’' In the departments of primary and intermediate education, great, palpable, and immediate success crowned the Archbishop’s efforts. Far greater difficulties attended the foundation of a Catholic Univer sity. Fierce opposition on the part of the State, and of some of our fellow- citizens who are not Catholics ; narrow-minded opposition, apathy, and indifference on the part of many faint-iioarted Catholics ; the sneers of the worldly wise, the difficulty of providing the large, yet necessary resources, these and many other obstacles confronted him, yet a man of faith had confidence in Cod and Peter’s blessing, and began the work. The thoughtless audshort sighted expected, and still, perhaps, expect, a great immediate success, not remember ing that the great works of Cod mature slowly. A university is a great work, and cannot he expected to spring up in a night, like the Prophet’s gourd. But the germ of in evitable success is there ; the truth of the cause, and blessing of Cod’s Holy Church. Who can deny to Catholic Ireland the right to a Catholic University? Who will assert that the Bishops, whilst toiling laboriously for pri mary ami intermediate education, are to be denied all voice and all control in the higher studies, which are, more than any others, likely to be tainted and influenced by the infidel, false, and shallow philosophy so prevalent in these times ? One of the greatest evils of our day is the premature emancipation, moral and intellectual, of youth, and this at the very time when temptations are strongest, when passions are wildest, and the world, full of pride and sin, most alluring. “0 stulti aliguando sapite.” “ (), ye fools, be wise in time,” exclaims the Psalmist. How long will it take to open men’s eyes to simple truths, even when brought homo to them by terrible facts. Look around you and behold the fruits of Univer sity education which is not based upon religion. A godless, pitiless Atheism, spread ing on every side. Young men plunging into every form of extravagance, luxury, and sin, without conscience, without heart, without affection, their manliness lost and effeminated by their vices, all reality of soul and character destroyed in them, every recollection of early faith, every lingering influence of youthful piety effaced from their minds, and nothing left but the scoffing tongue, the polluted heart, .the blank weary mind of the voluptuary and the infidel. To save his people from evils like these the Cardinal established the Catholic Uni versity, and so surely as Ireland is faithful to her true interests, to her faith and her history, so surely will that university flourish and be come a great institution in the land. The next great cause which engaged the attention of the true-hearted prelate was the religious instruction of the people. The Catholic religion is pre eminently not only a reasonable but an intel lectual service. Every duty which the Catholic Church imposes on her children (with the sole exception of fasting) is intellectual and pre supposes an intimate knowledge of God and of our selves. The duty of prayer involves a practical knowledge of the Divine attributes of justice and mercy. The obligation of confession de mands a deep and accurate knowledge of God’s holy laws, for it falls upon the violation of them, and a corresponding knowledge of ourselves, our sins, our weaknesses, our passions, our temptations. The doctrine of the Sacraments supposes the high and difficult intellectual act by which we realise God’s dealing with the soul through the medium of material and sen sible things, and so with all the duties and obligations of Catholics. The religion of Cath olics, moreover, is universal, minute, pene trating. In enters into all their duties, forms their attentions, controls their thoughts, directs their actions, regulates their relations to those around them, prescribes in detail the duties of their various states of life, and all this, not merely by evoking a reli gious sentiment, feeling, or emotion, or by creating a religious conscience, but by posi tive law and minute enactment. Parishes were divided and sub-divided, priests and churches •were multiplied, the duty of preaching more strictly and universally enforced, missions fre quently and faithfully given in every corner of the city and diocese, the churches thrown open at all hours for prayer, visitation, and the fre quentation of sacraments, the confessionals constantly attended to, the Christian doctrine taught everywhere, confraternities founded, their numbers increased,. and their salutary in fluence spread through all grades of society, frequent communion everywhere encouraged, and the indulgences of the Church freely poured out to the people. The result of his labours was the wonderful revival of Catholic devotion and piety which in our day has restored so much of her ancient glory of sanctity to the land once called the Island of Saints. But amid his universal care there was one class in the community which held the first place in the heart of the great Archbishop, and they were the poor, the sick, and tlMj afflicted. The siiccessive misfortunes winch have come upon our land have left to Ireland a large legacy of poverty and affliction. “The poor you have always with you,” is the saying of the Saviour ; and, though it is to lie found in every country, yet nowhere is poverty more ab ject and pressing —nowhere is affliction deeper than in this our dear old lamb The domestic virtues and feel ings of our people are so true and deep, their affections so strong as to add a nameless and intense bitterness to the sorrow of death and separation. Whoever wishes to see the sub limity—the very apotheosis of sorrow has only to stand at a railway station in Ireland, and see the young emigrants leaving father and mother, relatives and friends, behind them. It is im possible to witness such a scene without paying tribute to their grief by shedding involuntary tears. Hut sorrow in Ireland wears an ad ditional crown of thorns in the pecu liar dangers to which the helpless and houseless are exposed, as in no other land. The old traditions of savage persecution have been exchanged in our day for the base and insidious system of proselytism. The heartless persons who, with ample resources in their hands, fol low this iniquitous and base traffic, pile up sorrow upon sorrow and add grief to grief in the hearts of the Irish poor, Many an Irish father, dying in the midst of his little ones, has forgotten the very agonies of death in the greater pain and horror of the thought that his fatherless orphans might one day lose the pre cious inheritance of their Catholic faith, the only endowment of the poor. All these poor and afflicted ones turned to the great Cardinal as to a common father. A generous Irish lady devoted her fortune and her life to the great work of rescuing Irish orphans from the hands of the destroyer, and gathering around her some faithful companions in the congrega tion of the Sisters of the Holy Faith, established tlio enterprise which has already jn a few years saved more than the jife—the faith [and immortal souls of more than 15,000 orphans. Orphanages to the number of sixteen were either established or en larged. The institutes of Mercy and Charity were strengthened and encouraged in their work of visitation and consolation of the sick and dying ; the Infirmarian Sisters, and the religious men of the Order of St. John of Cod, were intro duced for the same purpose of attendance on the sick; the great Hospital of the Mater Misericordise. his own special work, was founded, and other like institutions fostered and enlarged, whilst for the relief of the poor, the Societies of St. Vincent de Paul were es tablished in every parish, and the charity of the faithful so stimulated, that Dublin may fairly claim the title of the City of the Charities. Meantime, the Archbishop s personal relations with the poor were most tender and munificent. Ever easy of access to them, and always willing to lend his ear to their tales of privation and misery, he relieved them with a large and hid den charity, and niauv a widow's and orphan's grateful prayer will hallow his grave. Such in most imperfect outline was the life and character of this man whom the Church of God delighted to honour :—days spout in labour of mind and body, with scarcely a shadow of relaxation, nights of which the greater part was frequently given to toil, prayer, and study. The labours of the Archbishop, so generously and ably seconded by all the Irish episcopacy, had now raised the Church in Ireland to such influence and power, that the Holy See recognised that the hour was come to elevate that Church to a position of supreme dignity, and give her a place and voice in the highest councils of the earth. Accordingly, in June the Arch bishop of Dublin was declared Cardinal Priest of the holy Roman Church, with the title of kan Pietro in Montorio. This was the first time in history that so great an honour was conferred on the Irish Church and people. Great was the joy of Ireland in that day, and manv a prayer went up to Heaven from Irish hearts for blessings on the great, the just, the generous Pontiff, who had remem bered our land. Rut whilst the Tv Deu-m re sounded in all our churches, and the people rejoiced with great joy, the subject of all this gladness, the centre of all this honour, remained unmoved, save that lie sank down more deeply into his own humility and lowliness. Deeply grateful, as was befitting, for the honour which the Olmrch conferred on him. lie remained un changed in all save his external habit and the insignia of his new and exalted dignity. For twelve years be wore the Roman purple of a cardinal and shared largely in the highest councils and government of the universal Church. Revered in Rome as one of the pillars of the Catholic Church and one of the most learned and wisest of her rulers, venerated throughout the Christian world as one of the greatest names amongst the Church's hierarchy, beloved at home for his groat qualities, trusted as no other prelate ever was since the days of Patrick by his brother bishops, and wielding amongst them an unbounded influence, whose sentence guided their counsels, whoso zeal and energy animated their efforts, whose lift1, diameter, ami government presented to them the glorious model of a great bishop and true ecclesiastic, he still retained the same simple austerity of hie, tin: same uuimlity, lowliness, a,ml meekness, whieh distinguished him of old. (inileless as a child ami thinking no evil, free and joyous in his intercourse with the humblest of his clergy, tender ami merciful to the poor and the penitent, hoping all good tilings even for the fallen, not breaking the bruised reed nor extinguishing the smoking flax, preaching with tlie strength and pathos of learning, authority, and the unction of .sanctity combined, with un adorned eloquence, yet with great dearness and power, instructing his people, “ in season ami out of season," wearing the purple not so much with stateliness as with a wonderful dignity of repose ; the head of his nation, the guardian of his flock, the delight of his clergy—0 Father, what have we not lost in thee, whose face we shall see no more ? And now there remained out one crowning glory to so great a life. On the 8th December, 1 $89. th (Ecumenical Coun cil of the Vatican assembled in St. Peter's, and foremost among the united Bishops of the whole Church stood the Cardinal Archbishop of Dub lin. Three hundred years had elapsed since the last great Council had met in Trent to defend the Catholic Faith against the then rising heresy of Luther. How completely that assem bly had done its work, how splendid the revival of Catholic faith and sanctity which resulted from its labours, is matter of history. But every age. brings its own dangers and difficulties to the Church of Cod. Protestantism, (luring the three hundred years that intervened between Trent and the Vatican, had followed the law of all heresy, and, broken up into a thousand sub divisions of error, had lost all hold on the in tellect of the world. Who is this man who dares to thrust dogmatic d efini tions upon us and speak the language of despised faith to the nineteenth century ? Is it for this that science lias attained to the white light of an almost perfect knowledge and the glory of achieve rs. en t ? are we to become as little children again, anil sit down to be taught by an old man, the head of a worn-out Church, and the vicar of an exploded and rejected Cod? Let us pull this aged pretender from his throne, let us cast him forth, unknown as Peter was of old, amongst the ignoble crowd of the followers of Christ. They thought, and rightly, that if they could but destroy the head, the mys tical body of Christ would soon be a corpse at their feet; if they could hut strike the shep herd, the sheep would he dispersed. Then the great crime of the nineteenth century w as pub licly perpetrated. Truth, justice, honour, plighted oath, necessity, History were alike trampled upon and despised ; ami in the spolia tion of the Sovereign Pontiff a new principle of government, public action, and law was an nounced and accepted—the fatal principle that power and force justifies the wrong ami estab lishes the right, a principle of which the world, and Kurope in particular, have yet to see the terrible results. Hut was the Church of Cod to stand idly by whilst her Head- - Peter's suc cessor and Christ’s Vicar- -was thus outraged ami dishonoured ? The Church, which from the beginning acknowledged him as her head, her centre, the fountain and source of her authority, the one only infallible witness and exponent of her faith and guardian of her law— the Church which never called a council, nor promulgated a degree, nor expressed a dogma of her faith, but at his calling and with Ins sanction? The Church had never been found wanting in her defence of the truth against every form ot heresy and unbelief nor unwilling to put forth her faith in dogmatic form, for her children’s guidance, when the exigencies of the time demanded such utterance. Has she nothing to say for Peter's successor in the hour of his afrhotiou and of impend ing danger? Peter’s position and privileges are stamped upon every page of lmr history'; they are revealed in every council and public act of hers ; her voice was never faint or uncertain in proclaiming what she thought and believed of him. U ill she now be silent ? Oh. no! The world's iniquity is (bid’s opportunity. The hour predestined in the Divine decrees js come, when the Catholic Church must proclaim authoritatively and dogmatically to the world all that she had ever taught and believed of Peter and of his successors. Before the sacri legious hands can touch his temporal crown— the only thing within their reach—whilst the lingering glories of Rome, Catholic and Paoai, yet surround him, the great Church of Cod hastens to assemble from the ends of the earth, and, with united voice and united faith, pro claims Peter's successor, the Pope of Rome, to 1)0, m virtue ( hrist s special prayer tor retcr, ainl by the interposition of the Holy Ghost, in fallible and preserved from all possibility of error in bis teaching and witnessing as Uni versal Ifead of the (.'Lurch, This great declara tion of the Church s faith was made in the form of a dogmatic utterance, that is to say, of a proposition that expressed clearly and distinctly tlic mind of the Church, which means the mind of (tod tile Holy (diost, her guide. ’When it was a question < if selecting a t< irnmlawhich would express the Cliurch'smind and faith, which would lie a rule of faith for millions unto the end of time, a basis of all future theology, a record to he kept in heaven itself as a remembrance of the triumphs of grace in the Church militant, out of all assembled there, respecting the genius and learning, as well as the authority of the Universal Church, the wools with which the Spouse of Chrish formulated and proclaimed her divine faith were those of the glorious Car dinal Archbishop of Dublin. And now that this nai r.e 1 le.eame as ah< msehoh i word in the Church he might well rest upon his laurels, and seek a well deserved ease from labour. But like the great bishops of all times he elected to toil and labour unto the end, and not until increasing infirmi ties admonished him that tee end was approach ing would he consent to divide the burden and. diminish his self-sacrificing and wasting duties by sharing them with another. Alas, that end was nearer than we, strong in hope, and blinded by our love for Kim, imagined or suspected. An occasional word dropped from him from time to time for a few days before his death showed that he had a presentiment of his speedy dissolution. Well and truly could lie say with the Apostle, “ I am even now ready to he sacrificed, and the time of my dissolution is at hand. I have fought a good light. I have linished my course, I have kept the faith. As to the rest, there is laid up for me a crown of justice which the Lord, the just budge, will render to me in that day ; and not only to me, hut to them also wlio love 11 isci uning. Make haste to come to me quickly" (d Tim. 4). (jnickly he came, almost unexpectedly, yet his angel going before his face found his faithful servant watch ing in prayer, witli the lamp ol faith and love burning brightly in his pure soul. At the sud den summons he rose with the calm intrepidity of Christian conlidonce and hope, and fortified with the Holy Sacraments, invoking' Ireland s saints with his fast-failing breath, and with dying' hand covering himself with the great sign of the Cross, he passed through the gates of death to find behind them the Lord lie had served so well ami with him to join the prince® of the Church triumphant in Heaven. 0 great and good Father, thou hast gone to thy eternal joy, but thou hast left great sorrow to us thy children behind thee. The Bishops lament their great head and guide, the clergy tlieir mild, loving, and merciful Bishop, the regular orders their large-minded, great-hearted protector and ‘Yiend, the poor their consoler and benefactor, the Church her wise and learned counsellor and ruler, the nation her defender and her honest, true-hearted, and patriotic son. But although lie lias left behind him a name that will be re corded with honour in the Church's annals until the end of time, a name immortal in his works and deeply engraved in the heart of his country, a name surrounded with many glories, yet far greater are the glories which await him in the Kingdom where “ those who rule well shall be esteemed worthy of double honour and shall shine as stars unto an endless eternity.”— Tahht. 