A SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. BY MRS. E. D. E. N. SOUTHWORTH, Author of "The Hidden Hand," "The Deserted Wife," "Self-Made," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXVI. THE YOUNG WIFE'S DOOM. Until I have no wife, I have nothing here.'' 'Tis bitter ! Find you that there ? Nothing at home, until he has no wife ? There's nothing there that is too good for him But only she ; and she deserves a lord That twenty such rude boys might wait upon And call her mistress. SHAKESPEARE. "WE will open Sir Adrian's letter first," continued the rector, as he broke the large red seal stamped with the Fleming crest. The baronet wrote in a friendly but some- what formal style. The rector, with his left arm around the shoulders of Net, who sat on a low hassook beside him, listening with all her soul and senses, read as follows : FLEMING CHASE, 2nd Sept., 18—; REV. DR. STARR,—My Dear Friend : Few events in life could have given me more pain than the deplorable mistake which has placed my son and your daughter ie such a false position towards each other and towards the world. It is a misfortune of a kind that must always fall much more heavily upon the woman than upon the man, and as such I deplore it even more upon your daughter's account than upon my son's. I had been led to suppose—as, no doubt, you yourself had also been—that Adrian was paying his addresses to Miss Deloraine, of Deloraine Park ; and I united with yourself in a warm approbation of his choice ; but, believe me, if I had learned that we were both mistaken, and that my son's choice had fallen on your daughter, I should have been equally well satisfied. And now my own opinion is that this marriage, contracted as it has been under a huge misapprehension, should nevertheless stand good. The young couple do not dislike each other, and one of them, at least, the most important one also—the woman—has no prior attachment. I have had a long conversation with my son on the subject. He admits that his own conduct and conversation with your daughter might have easily led her inexperienced mind to expect a proposal of marriage from him, and so rendered her the easy and un- suspicious victim of his own lamentable blunder. He speaks of her with the greatest esteem and affection. I have endeavoured to persuade him, under such circumstances, to think of this marriage as a finality. I tell him that he could not do better than to take to himself the good and fair wife he has married. But of this plan he will not now hear at all. He insists that he loves Miss Deloraine and her only, and since he cannot have her he will have no wife. The only concession that I can gain from the headstrong fellow is this—that he will take no steps for the present to have his mad marriage annulled. Nor indeed would it be of the slightest use for him to do so. Such, a course would only expose him to in- credulity, ridicule and contempt. He will go abroad for a while, where I hope he will get over his infatuation for Miss Deloraine, and return to us "clothed in his right mind." Meantime I must beg you, my old friend, to bring my sweet daughter-in-law here to Fleming Chase to become acquainted with Lady Fleming and myself. We are both anxious to know her and to have her make her home with us, until the return of her mad bridegroom ; for that he will return to his father's house and to his first love— for there is no concealing from me that Netty was his first love—I have not the shadow of a doubt. Embrace your dear girl for us, and be- lieve me, in spite of all the scapegrace sons, on earth, Your faithful friend, ADRAM FLEMING. "That is a sweet, good letter, a lovely love letter, dear father," said Net, gravely ; "but you know," she added, slowly—"you know that I cannot accept his invitation. I cannot go to his house. It would look like a desire to force myself on Adrian." "We will talk of that presently, my dear. No need for you to decide at once. It would be better in a worldly point of view that you should go. It would stop the tongues of all cavillers. I appreciate your delicate scruples, Net, but you must not be guided by feeling, my dear, but by reason, and by the counsels of those who are older and more experienced than your- self. Sir Adrian's letter is a good and wise one. We must reflect a little before we reject its counsels," replied the rector. "Father, will you read Adrian's letter now ?" inquired Net, seeing that the rector made no motion even to open his. "Oh ! I had forgotten ; but really I don't suppose the fellow's communication is of much account," replied Dr. Starr, as he opened the envelope and read as follows : FLEMING CHASE, 2nd. Sept., 18—. REV. DR. STARR,—My Dear Sir : I write to you because I dare not write to Net. I dare not say one word in self-defence. No one can feel more certainly than I do that I am indefensible. I made an unhappy blunder in my marriage, yet my father thinks I ought to abide by it. Perhaps I ought. But let me ask you frankly, in the interests of your daughter, could I do her a deeper injury than to take her to wife while my affections and desires are fixed upon her cousin ? No, you will confess that I could not. I like, esteem and honour your daughter, but I could not love her as my wife. I will do anything and everything etta in my power to prove the high estimation in which I hold her. My father and mother have invited her to Fleming Chase. I pray you let her go there and make it a permanent home while my parents live, and, after they shall have passed away, let her continue to live and reign in their place as Lady Deloraine. As for myself I shall never enjoy the blessing of home or family ; but the world is wide, and its attractions, many. I pray that you and your daughter may pardon me for any pain that I may have inadvertently caused you, knowing that my own pain must be equally great, and believe me, notwith- standing all that has come and gone, ever your friend, ADRIAN FLEMING. "Poor boy !" sighed Net. "Oh, father, is there no lawful way of releasing him from his bonds ?" "No, Net, there is none without a public scandal that would be intolerable." "It is very hard on him," sighed Net. "And on you, then ?" "It is very hard indeed," assented Net. "The only remedy is time and patience. We must wait, Net. And, meanwhile, I wish you could bring yourself to accept Sir Adrian's invitation." "But I cannot, dear father. I could not even if I had no ties, no duties to bind me here, and I have, for I could not leave the babies." "And you could not take them. Well, we will not answer Sir Adrian's letter to- day. We will wait until to-morrow. Per- haps by that time you may see things in a different light, and something may be thought of for the babies.—They are over four years old now, you know," said the rector, as he folded his letters and put them in a compartment of his table-drawer marked "Unanswered." And these letters were destined to remain unanswered to the end. "Now, I must walk out and see some of my people," said the doctor, rising. He took two steps towards the door, threw his hands up suddenly to his head, and fell heavily to the ground. With a slight cry Net sprang to his side, and stooped to help him get up, for she thought that he had only tripped in the loose rug and fallen. At the same moment, Mrs. Ken and Kit alarmed by the unusual noise, ran in from the kitchen, and Miss Deloraine came in from the parlour. "What's the matter ?" "Wot hev happened ?" "Wot's broke ?" demanded the excited questioners in one voice, as they gathered round the prostrate man, who gave no sign of consciousness. "Run for the doctor, Kit !" exclaimed Net, controlling her own emotion by a strong effort. "Tell him to come instantly ! Father is stunned by his fall—don't you see ? Oh ! he tripped in the rug, and fell with all his weight, you see, Antoinette !" she added, turning to the pale and anxious girl who stood by her side. "I see," answered Miss Deloraine, in an awe-stricken tone ; for, in fact, she saw more than Net did. "Let us try to lift him to the lounge, Mrs. Ken. Oh, Antoinette, please go and get a pillow," she continued, turning her pain-stricken eyes from one to another. "You had better let me help you to lift him first. You and Mrs. Ken can never do it alone," replied Miss Deloraine. The three women lifted the body of the rector, and laid it on the lounge. Then Antoinette ran to fetch a pillow, while Net and Mrs. Ken used such simple remedies as were at hand for his restora- tion. "Oh, Mrs. Ken, his pulse has stopped ! It has stopped ! What is the meaning of that ?" anxiously demanded Net, as she held her father's motionless wrist between her fingers. "Mayhap it's just a fainty fit, Mistress Net. Dinnot yo be scared. Wait till the doctor comes," replied the woman, in the shaking tones that contradicted her words and betrayed her own agitation. Antoinette came in with the pillow, and they raised and laid the rector's head upon it. "Oh, Antoinette ! his heart does not beat ! It is as still as—as—the dead !'' cried Net, in a tone of anguish, as she drew her hand from his bosom, and looked up in her friend's face with an expression of agonized entreaty. "Oh, Antoinette ! what is the reason ? What is the reason ? He is not—not dead ?" This last word came in a sharp cry. "Hush, dear ! Hush ! Here is the doctor," whispered Miss Deloraine, as Dr. Bennet entered the room. "I met your servant a few yards from the gate, my dear," said the physician, as he took Net's hand, bowed to Miss Deloraine, and passed at once to the side of the lounge where the form of the rector lay. All the others drew back to give way for the doctor, who proceeded to make a very careful examination of his subject, while Net watched him anxiously from a short distance. Presently the doctor ceased his investiga- tion, closed the shirt bosom, vest and coat over the lifeless body, composed the motion- less limbs, and turned away from the lounge. "Doctor—doctor—" began Net, in a voice half fainting with fear. "My dear girl—you are a good girl," said Doctor Bennet, gently taking Net's hands in both his own—"you know that this life is not all, and—" "Oh, he's gone ! he's gone ! Oh ! I cannot bear it ! I cannot bear it !" cried Net, in the shrill tones of anguish, as she fell back against the wall of the study and leaned there, weeping bitterly—for the grief of youth is never dumb, but ever finds ready relief in copious tears. The old doctor put his arm round her waist, and led her tenderly to an easy- chair and placed her in it. Antoinette sat down beside her and took her hand ; but neither the physician nor the friend attempted to utter any words of con- solation ; that, they knew, at such a moment must be worse than useless. They let her weep and sob until the storm of sorrow had exhausted its force. And then it was wonderful to see how quickly Net rallied her forces and how calmly she went about her duties. Dr. Bennet took upon himself the whole responsibility of the crisis. He it was who wrote to Miss Deloraine's second guardian and solicitor in London to apprize him of his colleague's decease, and also to Sir Adrian Fleming, in Devonshire, to announce to him his old friend's death. He it was who gave all the orders for the funeral. As soon as the demise of the pastor became known in the parish crowds of friendly, sympathetic and sorrowing people looked to the parsonage with expressions of condole- ment and offers of service. The rector's little daughter gratefully accepted all the love that prompted all the action, but gently declined the services. There was nothing to bo done, she said but what she and the household could do. The funeral was arranged to take place on Saturday, the fifth day after the death. It was on the third day that Net was sit- ting in the nursery, with little Luke and Ella, trying to make them understand the great mystery of the change that seems so marvellous, yet is so simple—that seems so like death, but is new birth—and she was sending out so much more readily the children could receive and understand the truth than she could convey and explain it, when she was interrupted by the unceremonious en- trance of Kit o' Jim, who put a card in her hand, and announced : "A tall owld gent'man, foine and grand, hev come to see yo, Mistress Not, and is waiting in the 'all down stairs." Net looked at the slip of pasteboard be- tween her thumb and finger, and read—Sir Adrian Fleming. "Show the gentleman into the drawing- room, Kit, and say to him that I will be down in a few moments," she said, as she arose to make a little change in her dress. Kit left the room to do her errand. Net only smoothed her front hair, ad- justed her neat, white collar and cuffs, and then she went down stairs and opened the parlour door. She saw standing before her a tall, soldierly-looking man of about sixty years of age, with broad shoulders, well set back, stately head, high, aquiline features, florid complexion, bright blue eyes, and silvery white hair and moustache. He wore a black frock coat, buttoned up to his chin, dark gray pantaloons, and neat patent leather boots on small and well-shaped foot. Holding out small and neatly-gloved hands, he advanced to meet Net, and taking hers, said, gently and gravely : "You are my daughter-in-law, I presume, young lady." Net looked up in some little embarrass- ment, but could not speak just then. "You are Mrs. Adrian Fleming, if I mis- take not ?" then said the baronet, a little doubtfully, for Net's silence puzzled him with uncertainty. "I am Dr. Starr's step-daughter Net," replied the girl, gathering courage from the calm, kind eyes that gazed down upon her. "Precisely. Quite so. Just as I thought. I am very happy to see you, my child, even though grieved by the occasion that has brought me here," said the baronet, still holding her hand. "It was very kind of you to come, sir," murmured Net. "I could do no otherwise. It was my duty to you, dear child, no less than to my departed friend, Dr. Starr. He was my college chum and oldest living friend, dear girl, and so, as soon as I got Bennet's letter, with the sad news of Luke's death, I took the first train North." "I thank you very much for coming, Sir Adrian, but pray be seated," said Net, drawing forward a large easy-chair. The baronet dropped heavily into its cushions, and then inquired : "Whom have you in the house, my dear, to look after affairs ?" "No one but myself, my cousin, and the two servant-women ; but Dr. Bennett comes every day and attends to everything." "Ah ! ah ! it was very sudden," said the baronet, referring to the death of the rector. "Yes, very sudden," replied Net, fully understanding him. "Apoplexy ?" inquired the baronet. "No-heart disease, the doctor said," replied Net, beginning to tremble, for as yet she could not bear any allusion to her father's death without strong emotion. "There, there—I have been inconsid- erate, my child ! Let us change the sub- ject. What are your plans for the future, my dear, if you have formed any ?" in- quired the baronet, with every expression of warm interest. "I have formed none. I have not thought of any," said Net, speaking with difficulty. "So much the better, my dear. You will leave others who are older and more ex- perienced to plan for you," said the baronet, expressing the same idea, if not using the same words, that had been spoken on this subject by the rector. Net bowed, not in assent, but in courtesy, because she could reply in no other way. "Your father got my letter, I hope ?" Net bowed again, and, with an effort, uttered faintly : "An hour before he was stricken down.'' "My child, I can do little to assuage your grief for this heavy bereavement—a grief which, indeed, I share ; but you will let me shield you from the material consequences of your loss ? I came here not only to attend the funeral of my old friend, but also to take you back with me to Fleming Chase, where Lady Fleming will give you a warm welcome." "You and her ladyship are very, very good to me, sir—very, very good, even though my own stupid and lamentable mis- take has placed "—here the voice of the girl was choked for a moment, but she recovered it and resumed—"your son in such a false position. I—" She broke down again. The baronet, who was sitting nearly oppo- site to her, stooped down and took both her hands, saying kindly : "My dear child, the blunder was my son's own, and you were the victim. He knows that as well as we do. Sometimes men blunder into good fortune. Their blunders bring them better results than their best laid plans could secure—only in that case they do not call them blunders, you know. I think my son has blundered into his life's happiness. We will wait and see, dear Netty." "You are very, very good to me." It was only a repetition, but it was all the deeply-moved girl could find to say. "In the meantime, my love, you will come and make your home with Lady Fleming and myself." "I am very grateful for your exceeding kindness to me, Sir Adrian, but I cannot have the happiness you offer me," replied Net, with meek firmness. The baronet looked at her in silent surprise for a moment, and then inquired : "But what do you mean by your words, my dear ? Why can you not have and—confer this happiness ?" "I have two little children, Sir Adrian," calmly replied Net. " 'Two—little—children—' " slowly re- peated the baronet, eyeing the young creature before him, with a sort of dismayed in- credulity. "Why—you could not have been a widow, when my son married you ! Nothing to that effect was told me ! Two little children ; Lord, bless my soul alive, it seems perfectly preposterous ! You are too young, you know !" The very ghost of a smile flitted over the wan face of little "mammam," as she an- swered : "They are the twins, Luke and Ella, children of my dear step-father by his second marriage." "Oh ! Ah ! Yes ! I see ! To be sure !" ex- claimed the baronet, with a look of relief. "They are now about four years old. I have had the care of them all their lives. Their mother passed away the day that they were born," continued Net, in explanation. "Precisely ! Just so ! They are the chil- dren of your step-father by his second wife, and of not the least blood-relationship to yourself ?" "No, but that does not make the least difference. I love them just as well as if they were my very own. And they know no other mother than myself," replied Net, as the fears of a vague apprehension rose to her eyes. "Tut, tut, my dear girl, you are a good girl, but you don't know what you are talking about. These children of my old friend, children of his old age, must be well cared for ; but they must not be millstones about your neck to spoil your life. There is an excellent home in my neighbourhood for the orphan children of clergymen of the Church of England where they can be placed, and where they may be brought up and educated to become teachers—governesses, if they happen to be girls ; tutors, or curates, if boys. I will see the children of my dear friend entered there. It is the best disposition that can be made of them. So that obstacle will be removed from your path, my dear, and I hope you will be ready to return with me to Fleming Chase, immediately after the funeral," said the baronet, as he arose from his seat. "I thank you very much for all your kind intentions towards me, Sir Adrian,'' replied Net, very courteously, but quite non-com- mittingly. She was filled with dismay at the proposition of the baronet to send her babies to the Orphan Asylum. She felt too muoh agitated to combat his resolutions at this instant ; but she was resolved never to con- sent that the little ones, dear to her as if they had been her very own, should be separated from her to be placed in any charitable institution ; yet she reflected that she was but a minor, and she wondered with fear whether the baronet, or any other responsi- ble man who should take it upon himself, might not have the power to dispose of these orphan children as he and "the court" might see fit. So disturbed was little "mammam" by these thoughts that all she could do was only to answer the baronet in the courteous, non- committal words we have recorded. "Now, my dear, I will bid you good morning," said Sir Adrian, holding out his hand. "No, pray do not go. I thought—I hoped that you would stay here while you should remain in the neighbourhood. Let me show you to your room," said Net, hospitably, rising to perform the duty that there was no man-servant in the house to do for her. "My dear, you are very good, but I did not expect to stay here, and I have left my luggage at the Dolphin." "Let me send the stable-boy for it, sir. I beg you will not go." "Well, well, as you please, my dear. Perhaps it is best that I should be here to look after you," said the baronet ; and he took his tablets from his pockets, wrote a few lines on them, tore out the leaf, and handed it to Net, adding : "You will please to send this order to my valet, at the Dolphin, and he will bring my effects." Net took the leaf, and went out to give it to Peter Ken to deliver. "Then she returned to the parlour and re- newed her offer to show her visitor to his room. " I have been here before, my dear—in the bachelor days of my late friend—and I know something about this rambling house. If you will tell me where the room is I prefer to find it myself." "It is the chamber at the head of the stairs on the left hand, directly above this." "The very one I occupied twenty years ago. I cannot miss it," said the baronet, as he walked ont of the room. The next day Mr. James Flint, junior Partner in the firm of Flint Brothers, attor- neys-at-law, who, besides managing Miss Deloraine's estate, transacted, all the late rector's legal business, came down to Miston, to remain until after the funeral, and look after the interests of his ward. Net, who was consuming with anxiety on account of her babies, took the first oppor- tunity of seeking a private interviow with Mr. James Flint, to set before him the following case, which she put in a very few words : "I have had the sole care of my baby brother and sister ever since they were born. Now they are four years old, and I am eighteen. We are all orphans and minors. But I am even more capable of taking care of them now than I ever was before, and they have no relative or friend on earth but myself. Now, can anyone take them away from me and place them in an orphan asylum or elsewhere without my con- sent ?" "In ordinary circumstances any respon- sible man or woman, acting as the 'next friend' of the orphans, might, with the consent of the court, do so. But have no fears on this score, my dear young lady ; the children cannot be removed from your charge without your consent, except, indeed through the action of one person, who is not likely to interfere, I should say." "And that person ?" inquired Net, some- what relieved, but still uneasy. "Your husband," replied the attorney, in a low tone. "He is not indeed likely to trouble himself about us," thought Net, with a sigh. "No one else will have power to disturb you in the charge of the children." "But—how do you know that, Mr. James ?" inquired Net, speaking in her great anxiety with unintentional rudeness. "I have the will of your late guardian and step-father. And although I am not at liberty to disclose the terms of that will before it shall have been opened publicly after the funeral, yet I may assure you of this, that no one except the one person who is least likely to interfere can disturb you in the possession of your children, or dispose of them without your consent. But, my dear young lady, I ask you, in your own interests, how do you propose to support them ?" "I do not know. I have never thought about that yet, but I know I shall be able to take care of my babies somehow," answered little mammam, with the blind trust of one who had never known a real want, or had any experience in the groat difficulty some people have in being permitted to work for a living. "There is an opening towards a fortune for you, my dear young lady. Your late step-father must have told you the object of his journey to London—" "Yes, yes—say no more about that, I beg you !" exclaimed Net, hastily interrupting the lawyer. "I would never advance a claim that, however legal it may be, is certainly unjust, and I could not enjoy any fortune that must come at the expense of a greater calamity to another." "Then let the mattar rest for the present. It may be that at some future time you may view it in a different light." Here the interview closed. On the following day the funeral of Dr. Starr took place. All the neighbourhood, of every age, rank and sect, attended, for the rector was much beloved by all who knew him. The venerable Earl of Altofaire aroused himself from the apathy of age and sorrow and came in his family carriage, supported in his seat by his valet. The Coyles, who had lately returned to Caveland, arrived in their old- fashioned coach. The Beaudevere family were absent from the neighbourhood, and indeed from the country, but the baron's bailiff took it upon himself to send the family coach to go in the funeral procession, knowing that by so doing he would express the friendship of his employer towards the deceased minister and his household. A minister from Carlisle read the impres- sive burial service. After the obsequies were all over, the mul- titude dispersed, with the exception of a few of the most intimate friends, who returned with the bereaved daughter and children to the rectory, to be present at the reading of the will. Among these were Sir Adrian Fleming, Mr. Coyle and Mr. Brandon Coyle, Dr. Bennet, Rev. Mr. Comstock, and, of course, Mr. James Flint. Some of these friends, hearing that there was a will, wondered why on earth the rector had ever thought it necessary to make one, seeing that he had little or nothing to leave. The will was read by Lawyer Flint, in the dining-room of the rectory, and in the pre- sence of the family, friends, and servants. It needs but a passing notice. In it the testator, first of all, constituted his ward and step-daughter of full legal age, and left to her his whole property in trust for the use of his own children, appointing her the sole guardian of his children and tho sole executrix of his will. This caused a great deal of criticism among the hearers. "Lord bless my soul alive ! I never heard of such a thing in the whole course of my life ! A girl of such a tender age to be left with such a burden and responsibility ! If he were not my own old college chum I should say the rector had been demented !" hotly exclaimed the baronet, seeing how seriously this will would be likely to interfere with his own plans and prospects in regard to little mammam and her babies. "I tell you, Sir Adrian, that young girl is better fitted to discharge the duties im- posed upon her than most women, or men, either, of any age whatever ! She has been the mistress of the rectory and the guardian of these children since her fourteenth year, and she has filled her responsible post with consummate ability ! I know it, and can testify to it, if necessary," answered Dr. Bennet. "Perhaps, sir, you were in the confidence and counsels of the late rector," said the baronet, a little sarcastically. "It is very true ; I was. Dr. Starr con- sulted me about this same will. I advised him as to the very course he has pursued,'' coolly replied the doctor. "A very unwise course, sir ! This will was, besides, made before tho marriage of my daughter-in-law, Mrs. Adrian Fleming. As a married woman she is incapacitated for the functions imposed upon her by this will," retorted the baron. "I fancy there is no one but her husband to bring forward that objection, and he, I think, is absent on foreign travel. Good-day, Sir Adrian. I have to leave rather abruptly, for a doctor's time is not his own," said the physician, bowing low, and leaving the room. Most of the company were also departing. When the room was nearly clear, Sir Adrian went up to Net and said : "My dear, as soon as yon can get fres from these people, come to me in the study. I want to speak to you there." "Very well, sir, I will go," replied Net, who saw that the Coyles were approaching to take leave of her. Old Mr. Coyle merely took her hand and wrung it in silent sympathy, but wrung it so hard that Net had nearly cried out with pain. Mr. Brandon Coyle took her fingers and held them in a limp and languid way, bend- ing over them, and murmuring : "It is sad to have to condole with you on the death of your beloved step- father, before I have had the opportunity of congratulating you on your marriage." "Thanks, Mr. Coyle, but both are quite un- necessary, I assure you," coldly replied Net, who always instinctively shrank from the dark, handsome, serpentine Brandon. Coyle bowed ceremoniously and turned away. These two were the last departures. Then Net went into the library, where the baronet sat in the old leathern chair that had once been the rector's familiar seat, and at the old writing- table upon which the rector's sermons had all been written. It gave Net a passing pang to see another sitting there. "Come in, my dear. I have much to say to you. Sit down beside me here," said the baronet, rising, and leading the girl to a chair near his own. Net sat down and waited. Too well she knew what was coming next. "This will of your late step-father and guardian, my dear, was a very unwise one, if you will permit mo to say so," began the baronet. "My dear father was an eminently wise and good man," said Net, in generous defence of the departed. "Yes, yes, good, most certainly ! emin- ently good, as you say," assented the baronet, in a conciliating tone, "and wise very wise in—ah—most respects ! But the wisest are liable to make mistakes. Your late father has made a serious one in im- posing upon a girl so young and inex- perienced as yourself so onerous a respon- sibility as the charge of those children." (To be continued.) 