NOVELTIES FOR THE WINTER. I This faBhion of _ making ornamentation of another material is ^,ip0njodinff trimmings proper. Still tho tnr^mjng dopartmoufc offers flomo few novelties. fx'hero is, to begin -with, an ^^0riinary,C° ^oction of buttons of all Borta, Gilt buttons, i >ft|^ globular, and datotshaped, in bnghtgola, engraved, clusters of small gilt beads, urr^ froatcd gold buttons of different shapes. * Tho silver buttons are leas common, they jn bright and frosted silver, as Well as oX1ydised. The lust engraved with flowerets, a"./e pretty. ' Tho Japanese button is now and effeetivo. It is flat and thin, either in silver, gilt, or dull copper coloured, and has a quaint design upon it, generally floral, with some grotesque bird or other, 1'he cut steel buttons arp the most expensive) of those usually sold at drapers. The last now thing in trimmings is a wide band made of small feathers woven into a strong canvas buck, and having very much the appearance of plush without the sleekness; or very beautiful beaver. It is made in' various tintd of brown, fawn colour, as well as black, and may bo used to replace fur or a decoration for winter dresses It not at all cheap. There is also i other sort ot trimming mado of tho tips of natural undyed ostrich feathers placed one over the other, and not curled. Silken fabrics of all kinds serve as trimming now-that is to flay, the dress, made up of several materials, is its own decoration. A number of beautiful tissues have appeared, and are used for narrow front breadths, kuilles (side breadths), plastrons, revere, cuffs, and waistcoats. A dress is con. gidered tiimmed when moroly furnished with one or other of these; there is no need to put them all. The great vogue for coats, which has now lasted for some time without interruption, is likely to continue. Indeed, there seems no prospect of a obange in this direction.' Polo naiseB and regular tunics may be said to have gone out entirely, and yet a polonaise hardly looks old-fashioned, for tho now skirts are trimmed to appear as if thoy were double, and the deception is not easily detected. Sleeves, which for the last few months have been inva riably of tho same material as the bodice, are boing once more niado of a contrasting colour or iabrio. Thus the Bleeves sometimes match tho waistcoat and the rest, of the trimming.* A wido turnod-dowii collar is almost invariably added to high-necked bodiccs. ?Part# correspond dent of the»Warehousemen and Drapers* . Trade Journal. LADIES' POCKETS and THEIR DANQEBS.' The Bins:of the false goddess, Fashion (says Social Note*)) are many and great, but she seldom did a worse turn to humanity th&u; when she enacted that ladies should henceforth wear large. pockets at tho back of their dresB. Dutifully folio wing the example of Eve, women have generation after generation played the part of temptresses, but it is surely too much that, unsatisfied with harming men by means of the thousand legitimate spells at their com mand, they should do. their worst to make hungry wretches break the eighth commandment, and take their walks with purees and handker chiefs so far out of their own reach and so easily snatched by others as to cry persuasively to tho needy or dishonest, "Come, steal me." Magistrate after magistrate has denounced the folly and wickedness of tho practico in tho strongest possible terms, but 110 signal for a change in the fashion has yet gone forth from tho terra incognita that rules the mode of feminine apparel, and ladies still place their purses in pockets of which Sir Robert Garden recently said: "Whenever I seo tbeinl feci inclined to pick ono, just to show how easily it might be done." It is now proposed that magistrates shall refuse to convict in the case of theft from such pockets, on tho ground that their wearers huvo no right to place temptation in the way of the poor. . The suggestion seems worthy of. adoption. Expostulation has been tried so often and so vainly that it is time to resort to active measures. There would cer tainly bo a raid on purses and a chorus of lamentation from their fair losers, but in tho end tho pookct-nuisance would bo put down, and tho dictates of fashion for once prove weaker than thoso of the English Bonch. DEATH OF A. Girsr QUEBX.-But a few days since there was buried at Dayton, iu Ohio, a queen whoso namo iB not to be found in the Almanack de Gotha; who nover in her life woro crown or sat on throne; who hud neither ministers nor body guard ; who, in so far as sho had any idea of judges, rogarded them as her natural enemies; who-for other reasons than the very sufficient one that she could not write-never signed either treaty, proolama' tion, or warrant; who, Btrangest of all, ruled, over no kingdom, but who had her subjects in almost every countty upon earth, und re ceived from them a fealty and reverenco that empresses might envy her. Her majesty's title was in the outer world " Queen," and amongst her own people "Mother;*' her ono namo was Matilda, and sho was "tho eldest daughter" of the great hou><e of the Stanleys, who for years huvo beon tho head family or kingly line of the Kommany folk, or gipsicB. Although only buried last month, Qucon lUutild.i, it would scum, died as long since as l\>bnmry. Her body, howover, was em balmed, and hur olmequioH wero delayed that her uubjccts might assemble together from the four corners of tho eurth to pay/hor honour. On the appointed day, we aro told, more than twenty thousand inoumors woro gathored together from all parts of the States. This, to anyone who knows how news among gipsies Hies from mouth to mouth, and how deep is their regard for their royal family, will not appear strange. It is singular, howovor, that the funeral hhouUl havo been conducted by a Christian minister, and still more remarkable that in the account given of tho ceremouiflH no mention is made of ono of tho most persistent of all gipsy ciintonis-tho burning of tho bod and elotln:s of tho decoatied. .Religion, in the senso originally attxohed to it, tho Ilomiuany folk aro innocent of. They have a vaguo belief in ghosts, goblins, olves, fairies, aud other such weird and unnatural beings, and do not doubt that thoso who aro not gipsies have gods of their own. The immortality of tho soul is un known to them, and, looking forward to no future, they regard death with repDgfrance, hut not with fear. But, on tho othor hand} their reverence for tho dead is poculiar to them, and is nowhore more shown than in their strange funoral oustoras.-Once a Week. MATCHING gloves with the dress is no longer in. fashion; contrasts ate resorted to now that dresseB aro worn in colours that would not look well in gloves. For instance, maroon and garnet diesses are popular, hut reddish gloves would not be in good taste, hence to wear with red-tinted dresses there are eloves of pale buff or of old-gold colour, for dresses of duck's breast blue are lavender groy gloves, and for myrtle green and moes-coloured dresses there are beige shades. The preference continues for long-wristei untrimmed gloves with self coloured stitching; for general wear those fastened by three or four buttons ace chosen, while for more dressy occasions they are so long as to require six buttons or more. Un dressed kid gloves are stylish, and are worn on all occasions. They are made in creamy white and in very light shades of French grey and mastio, and in the new colour for glovos called guinea gold; these are very suitable with nearly all the dark shades worn, and with blackdresses. There are also almond, buff, cream, and salmon shades. The dark-coloured un dressed kid gloves are in better shades than formerly, and the medium shades are perfect, such as wood browns, chestnut, bronze, slate blue, and grey, with blue cr with green shades like rieeda. The black nndressed kid gloves are now always worn in mourning. The long armed gloves, with closed topp, fitting the wrist and arm as if moulded there, to look well require full round arms; these aro called raoua quetaire gloves. White undressed kid gloves are worn for full drees, and there is a fashion for wearing Ion# black kid sieves with out-door costumos of light and dressy colours, especially those with mastic, old gold, and beige shades. For evening smooth-dressed kid gloves are pro duced pearl tints with pinkish cast that Are quite now; the more delicate the shade, the more stylish the glove. These and white gloves are very long, and are fastened by eight, ten, or twelve tiny pearl buttons. For travel ling and for cold weather there are double Btitched gloves of heavy dogakin: these are ornamented slightly on the backs with orocheted stitching in.self-colours. Lace mittens con tinue to be worn at dinners in white, black, and I coloured laoes. " ELIAHE DK MAIWT/' in the Queen. 