TH.EDBUIDS' ANNIVERSARY. , .; The Ancient Order of Druids had a grand field day, or rather night, on Mon day evening, when the Hearts of Oak; Lodge, No 84, celebrated its anniversary. The weather, after the late rains, had, cleared up and was bright and starlight,! and when the weird and ghost-like pro-r cession, numbering, some sixty ancient Druids, starting from the Workmen's Club,. Elizabeth street,, and' preceded, by the St... Joseph's Band,; passed softly along Wellington- street, ; thence up' Canning ? -street, down Charles street, along Brisbane street, down George' street and Cameron street into the People's Park, the! excitement was intense ' among the masses of spec tators, 'who watched if from the! house's, lined the thoroughfares, or accom panied it on its route. Each member of the Anoient Order, clad in flowing; garments, and provided .with the patri archial beard so distinctive of the society,' and that makes personal identification next 'to impossible, bore in his hand a lighted torch, which was very effective 'at' night; in- conjunction with the ' illumina tions in colored fire, which, from time to fima mavlrAii fliA .nnlirflA nf f.liA nrnnpe. sion. Over the entrance to the People's Park,' around tho fountain, and. else where, colored lamps andgas jots made the night resplendent with almost the glories of the day, and when the. proces sion gathered round the fountain in a' double circle, the band forming the inner circle, the tableau was as complete, as it could well be. Under the leadership , of Sir T. Bryan, the bt. Joseph's Band per formed a variety of musical selections in perfect good taste, their endeavors to amuse being further supplemented by the singing, at intervals, of Druidioal odes by the; brethren them selves, which latter appeared. to bo-muoh appreciated by the audience. A grand pyrotechnic display, conducted on a; liberal scale, added greatly to the even ing's amusements, fireworks .'being.' al- ways interesting to both old and young— when in their proper placs. . At- 9 o'qlock the procession made a final circuit round the grounds, tho members of the Order, then entering ? the Pavilion, where, after divesting themselves of their parapher;: nalia, they proceeded to indulge ;in ':the light fantastic,', to the dulcet strains of ?Pollard's ^Orchestral Union, keeping -up; the danoing until- a late hour, and to the evident gratification of all who were pre sent on the occasion. . .'.'' '. ,,.-~ 