D'ARCYBEAD'S GHOST. Last night Mr D'Arcy Read and Company opened in the Temperance Hall, when their wonderful spectral entjrt linment was placed on the boards in Echuci inr tau hrst tinle. A j aj)iciou3 stage, with handsome surroundings, had been fitted up by Ivlr Read, and he was j thus enabled to put his performance before the public in a style hitherto tinapproachsd in Echuca. In one way an imnrovement could be made, and this is by allowing a lesser time to intervene between the incidents, but this delay was doubtless caused by the coni pany being short handed. The hall was well tilled, and the audience gave full expression to their satisfaction by vigorous and frecjuent applause. 1'lie hrst portion of the entertain | nient was a representation of a British knight | (Sir Hubert) of times gone by, who was I enforced to maintain long vigils in watching j liis armour by niglitj ti tafili imposed by his I lady-love, to annul the baneful influence of evil spirits who had sworn to accomplish his I destruction. First a ghost friar appeared to tempt, himj and sang " The Friar of Orders I Grey;" Next appeared a niost beauti ful syren, who vainly endeavoured to wile him away from his watch. Then a wealthy ghost appeared with otters of treasure, but all were alike resisted, and Sir Hubert remained true to his trust, and iyas at length united to his loved one. The incidental music wa3 exceedingly well given, and the'illusions wers so perfect as to make it most difficult to believe they were pro duced by mechanism. The second portion of the programme consisted of a ghost min strel entertai/imeiit, tile niinstrels giving way to spectre negroes with lightning rapidity. The usual programme of a negro minstrel concert was carried oiit in an excellent nianner by the. human arid ghost uiinstrels alternately: . Ttie latter jjortidn vVas a laughs able spectral performance, entitled The Haunted Hoiiso," which abounded^ in inci dents of a, most thrilling and also ludicrous character, and was concluded by'.a'revolt; of" the spectres, which became mixed up with living performers in a nioafc unaccountable mariner. [File pe'rfoYnknde ri-as brought to:a. close by a niost extravagant medley,'which brought forth deafening roars of laughter. The performance will be repeated this even ■iug-.and. on ciaturday evening, and on the latter day there will also be an afternoon matinee for children. 