? THBATRB ROYAL.—The Theatre Royal was crowded again in every part to witness last night's repetition of "Henry V.," the magnificence of the tableaux evoking the_ most enthusiastic admiration. Mr. Allison may be congratulated upon the result of his enterprise in engaging Mr. Rignold to appear before an Adelaide audience for a start season. The play, it may be confidently predicted, will have a long run yet. This evening the performance is to be under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. On Thursday evening arrangements are to be made with the Glenelg Railway Company to run a special train after the conclusion of the performance, as a large number of residents at the Bay have expressed a desire to see the whole of the performance, which, in consequence of its great length, they have hitherto been unable to do. D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.—After a lengthened tour throngh South Africa, Mauritius, Ceylon, India, and tbe Straits Settlements, Mr. D'Arcy Read, who giveB what he terms the w Original Ghost 71 entertainment, has found his way to this colony, and he opens for a short season at White's Rooms, beginning with next Saturday. CHARITABLE ENTERTAINMENT AT THE THEATRE ROYAL.—On Saturday afternoon an entertainment is to be given at the Theatre Royal for the benefit of the widow and family of the late Mr. F. M. Bates, the actor who met with his death under mysterious circumstances near Melbourne recently. Mr. and Mrs. Bates performed at the Theatre Royal some four or five years ago, and ro doubt they will be remembered by many theatre-goers. An excellent programme has been prepared, which, apart from the object of tbe entertainment, should be sufficient to attract a large audience. All the performers, including a full orchestra, are to give their services gratuitously, and the gross receipts will be forwarded by Mr. Allison to the Melbourne Committee. THB VIVIAH COMPANY.—There was a very good attendance at White's Rooms on Tuesday evening, July 15, on the occasion of the complimentary benefit to Mr. and Miss Vivian. The entertainment was a long and varied one, and was received with general satisfaction, the many amusing duets, songs, and scenes by the Vivians causing much diversion. Mr. Wilkins's cornet solo was also a feature of the evening. Miss Despard is to be complimented on the manner in which her songs were rendered, being gifted with the rare faculty of imbuing them with a more than ordinary amount of feeling. " The dear little shamrock" was her best effort, but shealso sang " I thought of thee" (composed for her expressly by Mr. H. N. Weippert) with great taste. The entertainment concluded with the comedietta of " The Silent Woman." Mr. Weippert presided at the piano. THE ACADEMY or Music.—There was not a very large attendance to witness the Bellringers' entertainment on Taesday evening, but the various items on the programme were excel* lently carried out and heartily appreciated. The familiar tunes played by the bellringers were listened to with delight, while Miss May Vivian's singing and dancing afforded much enjoyment, and the comicalities of the other members of the company proved very amusing. This evening there will be an entire change of programme, when there will probably be a full house. On Saturday evening Miss Maggie Liddle, who was favourably known as a member of the Soldene Opera Troupe, will take the partof Henry V. in the bnrlesque which is to be produced at tbe Academy. NEW YACHT.—Mr. Chant has turned out an addition to the S.A. Yacht Club fleet in the shape of a well-modelled boat of the same tonnage ss the Weetena. She is twenty-four feet long between perpendiculars, or twentyeight feet extreme length, being three or four feet in excess of the Vivid. The depth ia 4 ft. 2 in., and the beam 7 ft. 3 in. She was named the Philadelphia by Mrs. Jas. Williams at the launching, which event took place at Port Adelaide on Monday afternoon, July 14. It is expected that she will prove a formidable rival to others of her class. 