PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. The Reform Bill debate was continued in the Assembly on Tuesday from the dinner hour until the adjournment soon after 11 o'clock. Again the measure acted as a vet blanket on the Housfe. Some hon. members took to reading, some to sleep, and the greater number absented themselves from the chamber. The speakers were Messrs. Longmore, Francis, Sergeant, and Fraser. Mr. Longmore's oration occupied two hours. The first hour was devoted to a statement of the crimes which Mr. Longmore attributes to the old Legislative Council That body, he says, hounded down the miner, befriended the squatter, and even went so far as to tax the digger's flour. The old Council brought about the Eureka Stockade, and, according to the Minister, it lives in the Upper House of to- day. While it exists, Mr. Longmore says, freedom is impossible. The second hour was Bpent in reading " tit bits" from the speeches made on the second reading of the Francis Reform Bill of 1874; and on the strength of these assertions Mr. Longmore claimed the votes of hon. members opposite him. Mr. Francis was more moderate in length, as he occupied little more than an hour. As to the old Conncil, Mr. Francis pointed out that it was not empowered to deal with the gold or with the land; it was not responsible for the regulations made on those matters, and therefore could not be blamed for what took place at the Eureka Stockade. And as to flour, he showed that not a shilling was levied upon, that article until a duty was imposed by Mr. Berry himself. With regard to the " tit-bits," Mr. Francis said they were disposed of by the admission that the politicians referred to are still of opinion that reform of the con stitution is required. But that is a very dif ferent thing from voting money to-day and appropriating it to-morrow. The reform to which Mr. Francis is personally inclined is to establish an Upper House with a property qualification reduced to £10, and elected for subdivided districts and for leaser terms than now. Both Houses should be liable to dis solution,and if necessary Bhould vote together. Mr. Francis said that he spoke without con sultation with his party. His programme, however,. was received with applause; the House gradually filled while it was being sketched, and the hon. gentleman, on bitting down, was greeted with a hearty cheer. Mr. Sergeant and Mr. Fraser deserved the grati tude of the House for the brevity of their remarks, and set an example to other mem bers. Mr. Sergeant will vote for the second reading of the blll/but be will object to the 6th clause and the nominee Upper Chamber. As to Mr. JHser, he considers <foe measure beneath notice. And be toldMinisters that. the more tbey ,plotted to "make it bofc" for particular cusses, the worse it would neces ' saHly be for the community aaa whole.' "The debate was adjourned to Thursday, on the motion of Professor Pearson. An episode in the Reform Bill debate was the presentation by Mr. Gaunson of a peti tion from Mr. W. Robinson, Parliamentary agent In this document, Mr. Robinson declares that he is " in possession of opinions delivered by Lord Coke, Justice Blackstone, Lord Lyndhnrst, Lord Cairns, and the Mar quis of Salisbury, to the effect that motions or billg relating to Parliament are by the laws and cnBtoms of the same to originate in the House to which they relate, and not elsewhere, and of precedents taken from the journals of the House of Commons, which show that where motions or bills relating to the House of Peers had been introduced in the House of Commons by members ignorant of par liamentary usage they were subsequently dropped, rejected, or withdrawn." Mr. Ro binson points out many objections to the bill, such as that, in violation of the Consti tution Act, it confers greater powers on the Assembly than those possessed by the House of Commons, ana he declares that ; he, in common with a multitude of colo nists, is aggrieved by the public time being was tea in considering an informal measure, and he prays the House to order it to be withdrawn. The Speaker expressed doubts whether such a petition ought to be received, because he said no such role existed as it laid down. Mr. Gaunson divided the House on the question, and ob tained 23 votes to 26. The petition therefore was rejected, but the closeness of the divi sion elicited cheers. More reforms in the Reform Bill were indi cated by Mr. Longmore on Tuesday evening. If hon. members desire the Government will reduce the tenure of the proposed nominee Council from ten years to six years, and the term of the Assembly from three years to two. And then, says Mr. Longmore, the people, if they so wish, can go on to annual Parliaments. A Supply Bill for £622,000 was introduced into the Assembly on Tuesday, and waspassed through all its stages, after the usual protests against this mode of dealing with the public funds without full information. Mr. Berry suggested that the House should name an early day for re-assembling after the annual recess, and then the Estimates could be taken in full time for the services of the year, and the need of supply bills would be obviated. Sir John O'Shanassy remarked that in America the date of meeting was fixed by Act of Con gress. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen replied, " They have no Royal prerogative there," and the member for Belfast retorted that the less "an out-and-out Communist" like the At torney-General talked about the Royal pre rogative the better. The remark irritated Sir Bryan O'Loghlen very much, and he con cluded an indignant disavowal by " flinging the imputation back into the hon. member's teeth," without, however, visibly damaging Sir John O'Shanassy. The discussion was acrimonious throughout, so that when Mr. Francis expressed doubt whether Mr. Long more understood figures, and Mr. Longmore spoke of " insolence," and Mr. Francis of impertinence," the conversation was felt to be quite in accord with the fitness of things. Sir Charles Sl&den; on Wednesday gave notice in the Legislative Council that on Tuesday next he would move for leave to introduce a bill for altering the constitution j of the Council. The tariff was further dealt with by the 1 Assembly on Wednesday, and considerable j progress was made. A short discussion took place on Mr. Casey's amendment to exempt reapers and binders, portable engines, and patent mining machinery from duty. Mr. Berry was desirous that this amendment should be withdrawn because, as a matter of conducting business, the Government wished to impose the new duties first, and to deal with exemptions afterwards. However, in Mr. Casey's absence the amendment could not be withdrawn, and the Chief Secre tary then invited hon. members to vote against the proposal, on the understanding that their votes should not be a record of their convictions, and that the Bubject should be fully discussed when the exemp tions came to be disposed of. Several mem bers who support the farmers, claims divided with the Government by virtue of this arrangement, and the numbers'were, for the amendment 32, against 37. The result was received with much cheering, and Mr. Bentat once pointed out that substantially the division affirmed that the articles in question ought to be exempted, inas much as Messrs. Casey, Bosisto, Munro, and other members who would have voted with the minority , were absent in Sydney. The division accounts for 71 members, in cluding the Chairman and the Ministers. The Government members absent were Messrs. Nimmo, Bowman, Cope, B. G. Davies, Sainsbuiy, and L. L. Smith, and " the Farmers' Friends" who were not in the House were Messrs. Bosisto, Casey, Lyell, Mackay, Munro, Orr, Sergeant, B. H. Cameron, and MacBain. The two members last named were unable to attend through illneBS, and Mr. Lyell and Mr. Nimmo, who were both in the House the greater part of the evening, paired off from the dinner hour to half-past 9 o'clock. This list renders it almost certain that when the' exemptions are dealt with the duties on the articles in question will be remitted. The ex- I tensive . 25 per cent schedule headed "manufactures of metals " was adopted, and ( also the the 25 per cent duties on musical instruments, wickerware, and woodenware, and the 20 per cent imposts on carpeting, clocks, gloves, plated metalware, and watches. A determined effort was then made to obtain a remission of the 20' per cent, charge on blankets, so far As regards the inferior sorts known as the poor man's blanket, which cannot be manufactured here; and the dis cussion was not. concluded when progress was reported, in j)rder to allow the Railway Loan Bill to be dealt with. The House rose at 20 minutes to 1 o'clock. All the early arrangements for the business of the Aflsembly irere npseton Wednesday by a discussion regarding the labourers discharged this week by the . Railway department, on the ground of a lack of funds. The labourers thronged the lobbies of the House, inter viewing hon. members as they came in, and they had no difficulty in getting their case brought forwarfl. The adjournment of the House was moved, and hon. members ex pressed their grinds pretty freely on the Bubject. Mr. Woods declared that the dis missal of the men was no fault of his. and (hat he had told the Honse a fort night ago what yould happen if the Railway estimates were not passed. Mr. Service warmly denied (hat the Opposition wtt at all to blame. The fact was that they would yet have to have the railway accountant at the bar of the Hpnse and endeavour to extract some information of the expenditure from; him. for nothing could be got out of the Minister. - It was a little too mneb'to expect that the Opposition was t6 Votfe' money blindly for such 4 "purpose as the Woods' i dock: after the explicit condemnation of that project by Sir John -Coode. Mr. Service ttemttad&d;'a iBtatemelit of 'the workfl to be carried out at Spencer-street, signed by a responsible engineer, and a state ment of accounts signed by a responsible accountant. The most important speech was made by Mr. Gillies, who pointed out that the £75,000 voted last year was to hare been spent on goods-sheds, and as matter of fact not a shed had been erected. As to the second £75,000 which is now asked for com. pleting the works shown in the Spencer street model, the idea, according to Mr. Gillies, is ridiculous. Half a million of money will not suffice for the purpose, and, moreover, the plans and models presume that the central passenger station is to be erected on the Spencer-street Bite. For this purpose the new goods-sheds, erected at a cost of £70,000, are to be swept away. Mr. GillieB further declared that there was no reason for the discharge of the 400 men. They had been paid ever since the 30th June by means of transfer votes, and their dis missal now was a coup d'etat. Mr. Woods was defended by Mr. A. K. Smith, who asserted that the works now being carried out were those adopted by the department in the time of Mr. Gillies, and that they had already saved £33,000 per annum by the new arrangements. Where Mr. Woods is at fault, says Mr. Smith, is in his unaccountable reticence. The Railway Loan Bill, which pro vides £75,000 for the Spencer-street station im provements, was called on by arrangement at 11 o'clock, and was considered in committee. Mr. Woods defended himself from the criti cisms of hon. members made at an earlier stage of the evening. A specific state ment was obtained from Mr. Berry that the House would be committed simply to the works to be constructed for the £75,000, and no more. AB accommodation is required, and money is asked for, the House says the Chief Secretary will have to decide whether the plan Bhall be further proceeded with, and where the central passenger station shall be erected. On this understanding the bill was passed through all its stages. As an instance of the manner in which the country is plunged into an extravagant ex penditure, Dr. Madden mentioned on Wednes day that when the Government first proposed the Melbourne Exhibition they declared that the cost would be inside of £100,000. And now, says Dr. Madden, the cost is estimated at more than half a million of money. , Mr. Berry interjected, " Not a quarter of a mil lion of money." " Will you pay over that amount?" asked an Opposition member. "Yes," said Mr. Berry unhesitatingly. Dr. Madden nevertheless expressed his convic tion that the full amount would be at least £100,000 in excess of the half million he had spoken of. The Assembly plunged into the debate on the Reform Bill so Boon as it met on Thurs day, and for the first time the discussion was worthy of the occasion and the subject The speakers were Messrs. Pearson and Gillies. Other hon. members were ready to follow, but an adjournment of the debate was moved by Major Smith at half-past 9 o'clock, in order that the tariff might be taken, and in doing so the hon. gentleman explained that as a call of the House would be made on' Thursday, the 25th September, the second reading would not be taken until then, and hon. members would have ample opportunities of addressing themselves to the subject. Professor Pearson's speech took the House to a great extent by surprise, for it was of a nature that caused the cheers to come prin cipally from the Opposition side. The main use of the present bill he considered would be that it would lead to some reasonable proposal for a compromise from the second Chamber. Some amusement had been caused on a previous evening by the quotation of a passage from Professor Pearson's speech of last session highly condemnatory of Upper Houses. The'hon. member now said that he adhered to these views, and the reason he gave for believing that the Government proposal would result in failure-would call a tho roughly obstructive and irresponsible body into existence-was very approvingly re ceivH by members to the left of the Speaker. Th^plebiscite is a hobby with Professor Pearson, and he believes that though English statesmen do not like it, they would not object to a Reform Bill coming from the people of Victoria alone. At the same time, the hon. gentleman-apparently unconscious of the paradox-went on to say that it would be inadvisable to apply the plebiscite to money Bills because during the excitement conse quent upon some Mississippi scheme or South Sea bubble, irreparable mischief might be done. The hon. member concluded by an appeal to the House not to seek party ob jects, but to lay the ghost of reform, and he sat down amid a Bolemn silence on his own Bide, though some cheers came from the corners. Mr. Gillies made an effective de bating speech. The criticism and the atti tude of the Opposition last session were, he contended, justified by the fact, that the Government had abandoned their firat bill, and substituted another of a very different character. The new bill, Mr. GillieB says, has broken down already, for with the sixth clause taken out there is nothing whatever in it to prevent dead-locks. The hon. member quoted from Mr Berr/e memo, to the Governor after the abortive conference of last year, in which Mr. Berry declares that he has offered the Norwegian scheme, a reduction of the franchise, and the dissolution of the two Houses, and has made the off er in vain. Mr. Gillies says that Mr. Berry, having advanced his foot so far, should not withdraw it On this basis, and on this basis alone, is reform possible. Mr. Gillies kept the attention of a full House for nearly two hours and a half, and the hon. member was rewarded by his party with warm ap plause. The tariff proposals of the Government were further dealt with on Thursday evening and the items blankets and boots were dis posed of. The increased duty on blaiikets was carried by a majority of 40 to 24. On the boot and shoe issue an animated dis cussion took place, and the Ministerial majority was considerably reduced. Mr. Murray Smith took strong exception to the increase, and Mr. Dixon and some of the Corner members declared that as the boot factories are firmly established, and are pro ducing to an extent that has glutted the market, and has brought down wages, higher duties are not inquired from the pro tectionist standpoint. Towards the close lit. Gaunson dwelt with much force on the -evils of the over-competition to which protection is leading, and ronsed the ire of Mr. Andrew. Mr. Gaunson had been endured, but against Mr. Andrew the whole House rose, ami the Chairman sided with the majority. -The de clsion that Mr. Andrew was wandering from the point so hurt the feelings of Mr. Fer gusson that he said " Mr. James was unfair," and a noisy discussion took place before tne words were withdrawn. Then xeturning to its boots and shoes, the House affirmed the increase of duties by a majority of 34 to 86, progress was reported, and an adjbumment was made at 30 minutes to 13, 1 ' ; Upwards of 100 school teachers have been dismissed recentlv by the Minister of Education, because, after long notice, they hive failed toqusllfyf by 'obtfclnifltf1 oettifl catea. Mr. Mason provoked some' Afttfaei ment in the House on Thursday by asMi&tflt; is proposed to compensate these' iAdiviiiuaU. "Give therti 'ptenmons," iirtetJectWl' 'ffltti Service, much to the disgost of Mr.'Mirttfn; who complained warmly of the satiretif-fcbo leader of the Opposition. Major Smith de clined to hold out any hopes to the member for Gipps Land that his protig&s; would receive any further consideration. 