The Catholic Bishops' Pastoral.! \- I ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN DEPENDING j THE PASTORAL LETTER. It is estimated that fully 3000persons assembled at St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral last Sunday evening, to hear Iiis Graco Archbishop Vaughan read and explain or support tho Eoman Catholic pastoral letter. Several well-known citizens not of the Catholic persuasion wore present, and tho greatest interest was manifested in tho proceedings. After tho usual vesper ceremonial his Graco entered, tho church, and as customary with him whon addressing the congregation, took his placo in front¿ of tho altar. He began by remarking that, no jloubt, most of thoso whom he was about to address had already read the pastoral in tho newspaper, bat,that ho had thought it advisable to read lt himself in tho cathedral church, and his Grace, then proceeded to do so, making en x>assanl Eomo;important observations. Ho said that, bofore proceeding with tho pastoral, ho would make one Premark. Ho said the Catholic church was governed by;.;tho successor of St. Potor and the bishops who were in communion with him. It .was their belief that as regards tho church when she spoke through the Supremo Pontiff, ex orcising his faculty of universal' love to tho faith ful, and laying down truths necessary to salva tion, her teaching, through tho direction of tho Holy Ghost, was infallibly tr no. They believed it was. absolutely truo j they held it as absolute truth. Now, from time to timo errors arose in the world from ono account or another, and tho Supremo Pontiff, the successor of Peter, in Iiis high 'watch tower, was taking account of the Btorms that . were gathering, and was issu ing, the warnings and teachings to the Catholic world. At tho present time tho Î world ¡was progressing, as all must know,. through indifferentism to absolute infi delity» ftud tho great instrument that infidels chose in thoso days was not so much the stake and thq gibbet os tho education of tho young,-educat ing them in a manner, not according to the religious beliefs they held.-but so as to enable them to make a little money by their books and fully enjoy this Ufe, acting rightly and truly ¿0 . doubt ono with another, but not directing them,; to, or . preparing them for, that ond which must come, and of which they know so . little. Tho man . in tho watch tower, seeing this great evil, was warning wie faithful ,. seeing this breaking up and melting down going on on'all sides, was warning them of tho rock ahead. The Catholics knew in what they believed; their opponents did not say that they were paltry in a double sense ; that they feared accusation or criticism, argument or inquiry ; but as, might from time < to time bo seen from newspaper articles, the writers of which wero not known, thero wero individuals Who sought to condemn the bishops of tho îthurch when they explained the teachings of tho Almighty as they know them, and who presumed pot merely to assume the place of tho bishops, but 'who '-imagined it to be their faculty to instruct ! ^ope and bishop and people also. He (tho Arch pisliop) thought that tho Catholics of the world ^nd . thoso of this colony would rather listen to Sid follow tho sound and proper teaching of men ho had withdrawn thcmselvps from the pleasures af tho world-and thero were pleasures of. tho *orld-that they might devote themselves to the )«rvico of ; the people to save their souls Would rather listen to men whose characters and principies wore known to tho public and the peo ple, than be led by anonymous leader writers who cnagined they wore teaching the truth, but who ¿id nob soem to have that iinaniniity others found in tho universal church-who behind the screens of ;the anonymous; wore performing their secular "task in life. His Graco then went on to say that the archbishop ,and bishops, in great distinctness ~* and clearness . of words, had prepared the pastoral, which was in accord with tho teachings and doctrines of tho wide- spread church of God. Tho Archbishop then proceeded to read tho,pastoral,-çeferring to that part whore an ex tract was given from a letter, written by Pope Pius to the Archbishop of Freiburg with respect to secular education. His Grace was understood to remark that the extract was given merely to show tho principles and teachings of the Catholic Church -tb show that what they (tho bishops) had put forth, was not for this man or that man, not for this or that movement, but what was taught from the first till last, applied hore and there as tho case required, and enforced now as necessary, on account of the rising evils of the day j so that while condemning these schools they were not giving their own views, but merely stating the doctrines of the Church ; to do otherwise they would not be Catholics. What the Pope wrote to the Archbishop of Freiburg must bo believed, and was believed throughout tho ; Catholic world. What the Catholics wanted was to get equality and fair play in the most import ant matter of the education of the young; and for himself, he would devote all his energies, spend himself in the effort to obtain not moro than others had, but obtaining what they had a right to aa i members of the community. With all his strength ! he would persevere in tho groat work. When he landed in this colony ho said he would do ewe things-build the cathedral and attend to the education of the people. In respect of the first they know what was being done, and now that the education question waa raised, ho would do his best to get fair play for the people. Coming to another part of the pastoral, the Archbishop asked his hearers to remember what their fathers and forefathers suffered for the faith. What ¡would the present slight inconveniences be ¡in comparison with that? Their fathers j had suffered years of misery and degradation, in the world's eyes-and could not his hearers, the Catholics of the country, make a little sacrifice, j Ho knew what his fathers had suffered. They had suffered even moro in England for their faith than in Ireland. They had given up all they possessed in this world ; had suffered in flesh and lost in blood ; had boon freely wounded, and had freely bled; rather than compromise their faith. He did sincerely believe that in time, perhaps not this year, nor the noxt, but intimo, they would get tho justice they demanded ; and if . not he should have the satisfaction' of feeling that he had been endeavouring to attain that great object. At another part of the pastoral, his Grace said ho believed thero was in the eoni I munity such a strong sense of fair play-such a i fair feeling among most men (no matter of what ! religion-probably of no religion) among their follow men, that very many would honestly help the Catholics if they knew what tho Catholics be lieved-if they know that Catholics regarded their religion as absolute in its truth-that they maintained, and ever would maintain it was abso lute in truth. To Mm (the Archbishop) they would say, well ho has done his best. This was tho first time we had any real idea of the injustice you suffered under. When those men of fair play knew that he would chop down or be struck dead rather than deny that faith of his; when they knew that Catholics could not deny what they felt and knew to be the truth ; when they knew them to bo not content with the " well, wo aro getting on well enough " principle, they would say " Well, you aro a strango people ; we will stand by you ; you shall have what is right, have a quota of what you pay." He believed they would make more oppo nents by not doing their best in this matter. If he (tho Archbishop) had not done what he had, why tho writer of every paper, with his cigar in his mouth and.his bottle of brandy on. the table, would be laughing at him. %ese men of tho Press knew as well when a nianfwas in earnest as the man did himself; they would be ridiculing him, and laughing at both him and them for tem porising and pandering to the support of a penny or a twopenny or a threepenny newspaper. What the Catholics would have to do was act as elec tor's, seo that Catholics were on the rolls, and then go bodily in support of mon pledged not to instruction, but education, which meant instruc tion with morality. All they, asked them was simple justice. The Archbishop then referred to those persons who were bending to the secularists and adopting a temporising policy, and went on to use these prophetic words. The bishops had used the words " solvents of Christianity." Tho secu lar system was a slow poison by which it was hoped Christianity was to bo swept away-not in our time-but perhaps at some not very distant period. And he would prophesy this. The Catholic Church would become consolidated into the hardness of adamant, and developing throughout the world. Then they would find the Anglican Church, if it continued with secular education, would be split up into sects-ho did not know what kind of sects -but divided into sects, until at last those sects would tend towards incufferentisnvin religion alto gether; and then they would tend towards com plete infidelity, and then to paganism. Ho lenew what was going on. He had been teaching very many years, and .though he had been only five years in this colony ho saw clearly what was going on to riso in tho future of this bright young nation. Tho Archbishop then referred to the present law, allowing one hour's religious instruction, and said the men who spoke to him of that insulted his intelligence ; to think that a boy and girl, human beings, prone to evil, could be moulded into upright moral citizens by one hour's instruction ; why, a baker would require more time than that to shape and prepare a piece of common dough. The Archbishop then said the Catholics here were asking for nothing more than they were asking and obtaining in England and Ireland, where tho valiant champions of morality were never at " rest in their opposition to the secularist tendencies of tho age. They wanted payment by results, and why if these schools produced the same results as the secularist grammar schools, should they not get equal support from the fund to which they con tributed. His Grace, in conclusion, said he be lieved tho words of tho pastoral would touch the Catholics of Australia, and influence them at once' in withdrawing their children from secularist schools. Thc remarks of the Archbishop were listened to with rapt attention throughout. 