MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING. Vide Caktoon.) Chakactees. Dogberry - - Sir Henry Parkes. Verges - - - David Buchanan. Sexton- - - Sir G. W. Allen. Conrade - - The Hon. W. B. Dalley, M.L.C. Borachio - - The Hon. Joseph Docker. M.L.C. Dogb. Is our whole dissembly appeared ? V erg. 0 ! a chair and cushion for the Sexton ! Sexton. Which be the malefactors ? Let them be brought before. IJogb. Marry, let them come before me. What is your name ? Borach. Borachio. Dogb. Pray write down Borachio. Yours, sirrah ? Con. I am a Member of Council, sir, and my name is Conrade. Dogb. Write down Member of Council, Conrade. Masters, do you serve God ? Con. and Borach. Yes, sir, we hope. Dogb. Write down that they hope they serve God, though we know that God has nothing to do with such villains. It is proved already that you are little better than false knaves, who speak latin, show "irre sponsible hostility " to us true men. How answer you for yourselves ? Con. Marry, sir, we say we are none ; but 'tis you who in your dreams conjure up knaves, and ghosts, and villains which exist but in your own foul imagining, which, by the mass, is in a perilous state, and in sore want of cleansing. Dogb. A marvellous witty fellow, I assure you ; but I'll abolish him and his fellows. Sexton. Master Constable, you go not the waj' to examine. You must call forth the watch that are their accusers ? Dogb. Yea, many, that's the eftest way. Let the watch come forth. Masters, I charge you in the Queen's name, accuse the- e men ! 1st Watch. This man, Conrade, said that Sir Henry, a Knight of the holy Michael, and the Premier of this kingdom, was an "insolent Parliamentary despot," who was following a "policy of arrogance," and prated of liberty. Dogb. Write down all that. Why, that is fiat perjury to call a Knight of the holy Michael an " insolent Parliamentary despot 1 " Borach. Master Constable — Dogb. Pray thee, fellowT — peace. I do not like thy looks, nor thy words, I promise thee. Thou goest in a docker in all tlrou doest knave. Sexton. What heard you him say else ? 2nd Watch. Marry, he said that the knight of the holy Michael, Sir Henry, wanted to wipe out four million golden pounds owing to the country. Dogb. Flat burglary as ever was committed. Verg. By Hamlet's hair, that it is. Sexton. What else, fellow ? 1st Watch. And that Sir Henry was disgraced before the wholo dissembly, and through all the land. Dogb. 0 villain! thou wilt be condemned into everlasting redemption for this. Sexton. What else ? 2nd Watch. He said that he had a shrewd suspicion that the lords of great flocks and herds who had mighty holdings of land, would be greatly holpen by this pestilent policy of repudiation. Sexton. And you, masters, cannot deny all this. (Exit.) Dogb. Come, let them be opinioned. We'll abolish them. Verg. Let them be in hand. We'll abolish them and England too, or Creswick's no true actor. Con. Off, ghost raiser ! How about your Gagging Bill ? Dogb. God's my life 1 where's the Sexton ? let him write down the Queen's first minister a ghost raiser and a Press-Gagger. Come, bind them, tljou naughty varlet. Con. Away ! you're a despot — you're an insolent despot. Dogb. Dost thou not suspect my horfice ? Dost thou not suspect my years, my beard, and my rhyming ? Oh, that he were here to write me down — despot ; though it be not written down, yet forget not that I am an "insolent despot." No, thou villain, thou art full of piety, as shall be proved upon thee by good witness, to wit, my trusty Jack. I am a wise fellow ; a K.C.M.G. ; a poet that hath murmured and been murmured at — and which is more, I am the Queen's minister, of a verity, the first minister of Her Grace ; and what is more, the holder of an estate and lord of Faulconbridge, go to ; and what is more as handsome a fellow as any is in Australia — and one that knows the law, go to ; and a rich fellow enough, go to ; that hath mines of coal ; and a fellow that hath had losses, that hath lost an Empire, go to ; and one that hath a court suit and a sword and a Cobden medal, and everything handsome about him. Bring him away. 0 1 that I had been writ down "ghost raiser," " repudiator," "Press-Gagger," and " insolent despot, that prateth of liberty and followeth the policy of arrogance." — (Exeunt.) 