BUTLER'S CATECHISM. no. v. 'The religious education of the little chil dren in Popish schools, and which Dr. Vaughan so much- extols, as infinitely better- than anything which is got in Public schools, is, as we have already shown, a moral fraud ; but we have more in illustration of its tendency to breed the unsocial and separate spirit which is everywhere the danger and difficulty of Popery. The children are asked on the cate chism : - . '.'.What is forbidden in the first command ment ? ' ' ' , " All sins against faith, &c.; "How does a person sin against faith ? "By not endeavouring' to: know: what God has taught ; by not believing what God has taught, and by not professing, his belief in what God has taught. " Who are ' they who - do not endeavour to know -what God-has taught ? "Those who neglect to learn the Christian Doctrine Who are they who do not believe what' God has taught ! "Heretics and-Infidels. "Who are, they who sin against faith-by not professing their belief in what God has taught? 'All those who by any act, profession, or declaration, deny the true religion or Church, in which they inwardly believe. " Can persons who deny, outwardly the true religion or Church, in which they inwardly believe, expect salvation while in that state ? ' No," &c.; " Here, surely, is a tangled web of Papal sophistry to catch little children with, and commit them to the most unsocial and unscriptural doctrines that could be put into their mouths. All this trash is tacked on to the first commandment, which does not say a single word to support such teaching. But notice — Those who do not endeavour to know what God has revealed are those who do not learn the "Christian doctrine." But then, who teach the Christian doctrine ? Why, of course, the priests ! And so the children, in this round about and cunning way are taught that those who sin against the first com mandment, are those who are not taught by Papal priests. Then, those who do not believe what God has taught are those who are named heretics and infidels. And so the children are taught to regard their Protestant neighbours as "heretics and infi dels," as nuot believing what God has taught because they refuse to believe the trash and falsehoods which God never taught and which are directly contradicted by the things which the Scriptures clearly reveal. And then, still worse, the little children are encouraged to regard as hopelessly lost — heretics and infidels — going to hell — all who refuse and profess to believe in the " Catholic Church." Alas, they cannot "expect" salvation — they cannot hope for it— because they deny that the Popish Church is the Church of Christ. Children thus taught cannot but look upon their Protestant neighbours and Protestant children as inferior creatures, outcasts from God, and as scarcely deserving of the humanity which belongs to all men ! The training is exactly that of the Jews of old, when they refused to have anything to do with Samaritans ; exactly that which kept them from communicating with Gentiles, because even to eat bread with them was regarded as a pollution. Every body knows that the Gospel designs to destroy such training. Again the children are asked and taught the following : — ""Is a person in the way of - salvation who be lieves in the true Church, and says in his heart that he is attached to. it, but , through, pride, &c.;, does not make open profession of it or docs ; not comply with its essential duties? " No. ' ' " What does St. Paul say of apostates from the true religion or Church ? "That it is impossible for them to be re newed again to penance ; that is, their conver sion is extremely difficult." Here "true religion"and"true Church"are beautifully confounded '; and the children are simply possessed of the "idea ' that there is no salvation for those who do not belong to Popery, and do not the duties pre scribed by the priest! Of course the little children understand perfectly what essential duties are ! They understand this, at least, that unless they are attached to the Roman Church, there is no hope ftr them. Ah yes ; and St. Paul is brought in to do the ghost business, and frighten them into obedience to the priest ; for they are told -that St. Paul says that those who are apostates; or who fall away from the Papal Church cannot be renewed to penance ; that is, that their renewing: is extremely difficult ; that is, no one cun forgive and restore them but the Pope himself ! : All this is an insult to their common sense. " Impossible " means " ex tremely difficult !"— means, that the Pope can do it ! Children, therefore, had better beware of falling away from the Papal Church ; and had better beware of offend ing the priest in essential duties; be- cause apostates are nearly hopeless ! The children are then asked and taught; on the, second commandment, that is our. third—' Thou shalt not take the' name of the Lord thy God in vain" " What is commanded in this command ment? '. "To speak with reverence of God,' of his saints, of his ministers; of « religion,- its practices: and ceremonies, and of all things relating- to . divine service:!' , , . The interweaving - of truth and- false hood, of Scripture and Popery here, is very beautiful: It is like the cunning;' of an indian shawl.: The children are told; that -this commandment teaches them' to' -speak with reverence 'of God; so : far; so good. -Yes ; but they are told more; they: are told' that the commandment 'requires them to speak with reverence of -St. Bridget, St. Laurence O'Tool, and all the other- saints of the calendar ; not only so ; but to speak with reverence of Pope, archbishop, bishop, and priests; and all the other " holy persons." Not 'only so ; but they are taught that this commandment of God requires them to speak with reverence of all ' the bowings, and ringings of bells, and ridiculous, ceremonies of the' mass—everyone of which is a human device.and .a, relic of the- Pagan practices of the heathen. By such cunning mixing up of truth and error, Scripture and Popery, children might be taught anything. Yet this is -what Dr. Vaughan extols as his lamb-feeding on the pas tures of salvation ! Next, the children are taught about the " holy Sabbath day " : — "What is commanded by the third com mandment (our fourth) ? ' ' To spend the Sunday in prayer and other religious duties. "Which are the chief duties of religion in which we should spend the Sunday ? " Hearing mass devoutly, attending vespers or evening prayers, reading pious and moral books, and going to communion. " Is the hearing of mass sufficient to sanctify the Snuday ? " No : a part of the day should be given to prayer and good works — works of mercy, spiritual and corporeal, and particularly to in struct the ignorant in the way of salvation by word and example. '" What is forbidden in this commandment ? - " All servile work unnecessary, and what ever may hinder the, due. - observance of the Lord's Day, or tend to profane it.'! . . Now, this is all that 'is said about Sunday. The brevity is suspicious. But it looks fair. ""Hear mass; go to vespers ; read good books (the Bible is not men tioned) ; go to communion ; do works of mercy — spiritual and corporeal ; instruct the ignorant by precept and example ; abstain from all unnecessary servile work ; and abstain from everything that would tend to profane the Sunday.'! This is - said to be a sketch of how Papists spend the Sunday ! This at least is said to be the teaching which they receive" ' Well ; all that we can say is this, that Meirpvic- lice and their teaching are ' very unlike each other; and' that if. this be their teach ing, in tliis particular, the teaching singu larly fails' of results. Go; to -Papal' lands and see how tlie; Sunday is kept. Rome used to be a Papal city ; how .'was the Sunday kept there ? Madrid' is a Papal city ; how is Sunday kept there I " Paris is . a Papal city ; how is Sunday -kept there? Open shops, open- theatres, halls, and parties "field amusements and garden promenading— -give the answer. But let us look at Sydney. Howjdo Papists keep the Sunday in our midst ! No doubt they go to mass, and the earlier the better, for then they have moi-e time for pleasure. But their Archbishop shows them the example of Sunday profanation. His Sunday laying of foundation stones and accompanying political harangues;; tell liis people a d ifferent lesson. Then they have refreshments, with speeches and toasts and cheers. This is a little different from " pious books " and " prayer." Then, the people, when, mass is done, go down the harbour to fish ; they have parties ; they play cards ;. with their priests they go into the field to play cricket ; they do business and make up their accounts ; and in a hundred ways tliey so turn the Sunday into a day of pleasure and amusement that their Protestant neighbours are cor rupted and carnalized by their bad example. So long as the people have gone to mass and cleared off the old score, they feel that the rest of the Sunday may be spent in any way they please— and "'pious books, prayers, and works of mercy," are quite out of the question ! Of course, Papists do not believe in a " Puritan Sabbath." They do not believe in an English -Sabbath. They do not be lieve in a Scottish Sabbath. No : the Sunday they believe in is a Continental one; and everywhere they, endeavour to reproduce one ; and the teaching of the catechism does not appear to hinder it ; yet that Catechism speaks most softly of a " holy Sabbath," and of " good Catholics " .reading " pious books " on it, and " par- ticulaiTy instructing the ignorant on that day ; in the way of salvation." Ridetis amici 1 -The Smithurst case, at North Shore, will be fresh in the recollection of our readers. A little child attending the ; Public School reports to its mother that her female, teacher has been giving heir strange accounts of Scriptural things not to ibe; found in the Scripture. Inquiry is iset afoot,, and it turns out that the female ,tea,cher; referred to has been illustrating the., Scripture lesson and reading with legends and traditions of the Church, and the . .child. is so . much .impressed with the stories "which, have been, told he that she asks; her mother— ". Are they true ?" This was a, sudden realization of the danger of having Papists as teachers in the- Public Schools at all. . The fact; is curious that in the school referred to the head teacher is a Papist, and the female teacher under him is a Papist., The, circumstances, were favourable ,to the abuse which has been discovered. The same, thing, might, have existed; :in a school with the head teacher a Protestant ; but with less likelihood. . Be this ;; .however, as., it ; may, , , further "cade, and -it is;t ,no w .found that >the same, female teacher , has been-, in the habit. of thus teaching her Popish legends and traditional conceits in connection with the Scripture lesson ; so that, in fact, the Scripture lesson has been a sort of field in which she was diligently sowing her tares. We have not yet heard what the Council of Education has done in the matter ; but from all the surround ings, we think that a simple rebuke and admonition would scarcely meet the deservings of the case. It is shocking to think that our Public Schools should be made " seedplots of Popery," and that the seed should be sown with such secresy and skill. This one case is made public; but in how many other of our Public Schools does the same " sowing " go on ? There must be some reason why the Popish teachers in our Public Schools are not warned "0 leave and threatened with excommunication if they continue in snch seedplots of vice and immorality. The Council will require to make a search. They will require to place very stringent checks, if Popish teachers are to be allowed to teach longer in 'Public Schools. Never will Popish teachers, be safe. Never . can they be relied on. Their system breeds , in them treachery and deceit. It infatuates them with zeal for proselyting. They are. taught, and espe cially the females of them, to compass sea and land to make one proselyte. And hence the danger will always exist while such " servants under authority " are employed in the schools which their chief pastor tells them are " seedplots of infi delity." But what we wish just now to make public, in connection with the Smithurst case is this — that Freeman de fends the firl teacher, justifies her con duct, and sneers at Air. Cu'sack as a . "worldly prudent pedagogue" because he denies that he belongs to the Jesuit brotherhood of North Shore, recently set up there ! Every honourable minded man in the community will condemn the girl teacher. Everyone who loves fair play will say that her conduct was both false and treacherous. It was in direct contra diction of the rules of the Council ; and it was treacherous to the parents who entrusted their children to her care to teach only the books and lessons prescribed by the Council. Yet Freeman justifies and defends her- irregularity and treachery ! And not only so ; but Freeman mocks at Mr. Smithurst: as " horrified " when he finds that his child had been receiving "apt illustration" of the. lesson which she has been reading ! The insolence of this defence is the thing which requires the strictest attention of the Council, , ' as Freeman unquestionably echoes the praise and. commendation which the female teacher will get from the priests as her masters and directors. Hero , are Free man's words— " We had thought, that apt illustration .of, and, the introduction, of appropriate incidents into, any sub ject; were recommendations in a teaches ; to Mr. Smithurst, however,' such things are Jesuitical and Romish." Thus Free man praises the female teacher for her apt illustrations," and mocks at Mr. Smithurst when lie complains that his child is being treacherously taught Popery— becauseheshould rather be thank ful for the " appropriate incidents." Sup pose that we test the honesty of Freeman by changing.' the scene. A Protestant teacher is reading, with a Popish child about the Church of Christ. Suppose that teacher introduces a few apt illustrations to show -that the Church of the Pope is not the Church of Christ, but the Apostate Church of -the Devil ; that it, is the Beast ; that it is the Scarlet Lady ; that it is : the great. Whore and Babylon ; and suppose that the child goes; home to its mother to ask if the. Blessed Virgin had other children besides; Jesus,? and, if the Church of, Rome is really a Beast? What would Fresman Bay -about ; the, apt illus trations ? : What , would ; he say about : appropriate incidents,, introduced by the ; teacher as a recommendation to that teacher's; skill? - The '.' best teachers- in the . world employ these, methods exten- ; sivoly, , and- therefore; give.life to teaching ;" yes, but, do Jesuits like to be outjesuit- ized? Do they like to be beaten with their own weapons ? We imagine the howl which Freeman ; and his chief would raise were the tactics of the Jesuits thus to,be employed by protestant teachers to -prosely tize the little Popish childrenattend- ing the Public Schools.— Mr. Smithurst no no doubt will be thankful to Freeman for the following, little bit of information which is graciously, .added to enlighten- his darkness. "The woman referred to— as having given to Jesus a towel to wipe his face, and which when given back to her retained the impressions of Christ's face which could not be washed out".— "was," says Freeman, " as all Catholics know, St. Veronica . (the secularists have no saints in their calender— hot; press, we pre- aume)." "It will, doubtless, horrify Mr. Smitbhurst to learn that the napkin she once used to relieve as far as she could the distress and agony of our Saviour, iB preserved as a relic v/p to this day at Home" Why should not Mr. Smithhurst go to Borne to see it ? It must be a wonderful napkin. It has still the impression of the face of the Saviour, and it cannot be washed out. We will guaran tee that if Freeman will give it to Mr. Smithurst to try, he will wash it out before many rubbings. But at Bome other curious relics are to be found. There is a feather of the wing of St. Michael. There is a piece of the Virgin's chemise. There is a small bottle of her milk. There is a tooth of St. Peter. There is a bone of St. Thomas. And there are as many pieces of the true cross in Bome and throughout the world as would build a good-sized man-of-war ! At this late period of the nineteenth century Freeman tells us of his belief in St. Veronica and her. napkin ! Alas for Popish school education ! No wonder that Public schools are dreaded. When children's minds are taught to think and question and reason, lying wonders and supersti tious legends soon go for nothing. St. Veronica was ill requited for her napkin kindness ; for, as we showed in our last issue, this same St. Veronica fell sick in November ; and she saw JesuB looking so "severe" on her that she felt she was going to be sent to hell, until the blessed Virgin smoothed and coaxed him, and then he gave the devoted St. Veronica a " sweet embrace !"— Freeman turns from com mending the female teacher at North Shore to abuse of Mr. Cusack for his trimming and shrinking and denying that he is a Jesuit. " Why," asks Freeman, " did Mr. Cusack sing peccavi to the Presbyterian parson at North Shore1? Why to Him1? Why not to !Dr. Vaughan or Father Dalton ? Mr. Cusack does not like to be thought a good Romanist. To what section of the Church does he "appertain? He is a " worldly prudent pedagogue." Hoes he belong to the unattached ? Has his faith chilled by teaching in the Public School ? A few years ago he was a Catholic, and a Limerick Catholic too— what is he now?" Thus Freeman distributes his favour; praise to the female teacher for her teach ing; and blame to Mr. Cusack, for his not zealously helping and covering her ! Jesuit Fathers. — Our upual article on this subject is witheld for another week. , . Chiniquy's Mission.— Small sums from Church of Dr. McGibbon £1 15s Cd. Inspection of Nunneries.— We . are glad that Mr. Hurley is going to move a motion in the House on the subject of the inspection of nun neries, monasteries, convents, u and';', religious . houses. No doubt there will be strong opposi- \ tion. Not only will the " Catholics ". object, but some nominal Protestants .will, . join : with ; them in claiming "liberty' of the subject " sacredneBB of home "—and other commonplaces ' of like nature. It is possible that Mr. Hurley' will be defeated ; but that does not matter. Tho subject will be brought forward ; the question ! will be discussed ; and, if Mr. Hurley be well prepared with bis facts,' the ventilating of: the question will do good. What Mr. Hurley . has a right to demand is, that .there will not be; any " private prisons " on our free soil ; that' neither voluntary nor compulsory places of con finement shall be outside our. law ; and that' no I religion of 'any kind shall deprive any one of the ; liberty which the law confess .on him. or her. If a father were to be known to'be confine his son ' in a cellar,' or a drawing room; and if it were- known that that son was refused his liberty, the law would interfere and give the son his liberty. It will be said that the same is true in the case of convents atul nunneries. Yes we admit it ; but the - difference is here. The' confined' son may ' liaye some' %vay of making his'ease known ; he may have (some way of getting his wishes and . demands to the magistrates and Government ; but. in tho.case of women in nunneries and con vents 7/iere is ?!0 way open to them. Thoy are put within bars and bolts and locks. They are strictly watched and guarded. No letter is allowed to;, go out from thems No letter is allowed to come in to them, without tho permis- : sion and oversight of " the Superioress." They : . are bound by oaths and curses, not to seek inter- ; course with the outer world.' They are threatened with hell and damnation if ' they, should escape. And they are required to submit to the most 'terrible of bondage that their imprisonment may be so secure that all' chance of escape may be: regarded as hopeless. Is not'this monstrous in 'this free land of England and everywhere ? Let it ..not then be said .as an objeotion to the legisla- > tion proposed — Prove a case of cruelty — swear, to a case of tyranny— and the magistrate will enter ; for this proof cannot -bo given because the bars are secure ; but the' proposed inspection : is that the confined womeh- shall have liberty to male- complaints if they Jtave any to make ; they sliall have liberty to walk out, if they desire to walk out. It is a mockery to say— ' prove|youf case when every precaution is taken to prevent the proof referred to— It willbssaid also that Romish women and Romish bishops-' in their religion, have a right, the one to become nuns, and the others to take oare of them. We deny .the._premises. Bishops kave no right to ad minister oaths and bind citizens in prison under the pretence of religiona But suppose that the whole affair is voluntary. Suppose that the women are free to go into nunneries, and that bishops have a right to cut off their hair and shut them for the sake of security from the evil of the world. The question is, If those women repent of their folly and desire to return again to the common life of the world, are bishopB, under the pretence of religion, to have the power to lock them up and forbid them ? The bishops, because of their oaths deny liberty to those repentant women ? This is the question : and this is all that the proposed inspection contem plates. Let the magistrates go in and see that all is lovely and happy within the convent walls. Let them see that all within are willingly within. Of course, if all be right, the inspection won't make anything wrong ; and if all tho women are so enamoured of their angelic bliss, of course the magistrates will not compel them to forsake the priests and their angelic com panions. But if there be anything wrong, the law will be there to avenge the wrong ; and if any of the women have changed their minds, the law will be there to give them the liberty which they cannot forfeit, and which no bishop nor Pope has any right to keep from them. John M'Elhone, Esq., M-P. — This gen tleman, notwithstanding all his roughness and rudeness, sometimes speaks the truth, and blabs out what more prudent men would keep secret. On Tuesday evening last he spoke out one of those truths which the more facile Han O'Connor could not swallow. He told the House that he did not likejArchbishop Vaughan any more than any of those who were denouncing his speeches and pastorals ; and that he wished "his Grace " had never come to this country ! We believe that a great mauy of the more sensible of the CatholicB feel and say the same, although they are not so ready to speak openly as Mr. M'Elhone. They are ashamed of their head and leader. They see and feel that he has injured his cause so much that he will never redeem it. They see and know that he is making his first blander worse and worse, and his last ferocity proves him to be a fool. They long for the days of quiet Dr. Polding They have begun to com pare notes and to wish that " His Holiness " would recall him. The Irish priests know the weight of his hands and the tyranny and arbi trariness of his orders. Of course, they must submit ; but they submit with a grudge and a sense of wrong. They must study appearances and talk in public of "our beloved Arch bishop ;" but their inmost heart is — " He is a tyrant." But beyond that, we know that, except Mr. Dalley, who has become the head of Catholic laymen, and who has accepted a brief to defend " his Grace," all intelligent Catholics feel and say as Mr. M'Elhone does— " We wish he had never . ome to this country." Mr. John Dillon, M.p.— We hope Mr. Dillon will not be overwhelmed by finding that Popery, as setforth by Freeman,is not con sistent with manly intelligence and indepen dence; of mind. While he submitted to the clergy, he was a great man, and Freeman praised him ; but now that he' has begun to assert his right, to think, the clergy will despise him and Freeman will spit on him. But we bid Mr. Dillon be', of good cheer, Tho ; days of mental bondage and priestly, tyranny are nearly over. He ought to be thankful that tho matter has been placed before him plainly, in a very plain alternative. , As a Catholic he must submit his .judgment to the syllabus'.; if he will '.not suhmit .his judgihent'to, the Pope and the priests, in the claims' of ;tlie, syllabus, he is a dishonest man— a bad , Catholic— -a dishonest . politician — or, he is deficient in brains ! This is a beautiful instancb of proving too much. Dillon was born a _ Catholic— was baptized" and con firmed a Catholic— he. was taught in a Catholic college .and j got all , the advantages of a thorough Catholic college — has had all the advantages of the Catholic sacrament— became a fellow of St. : John's College — and actually besame a member of Parliament as a Catholic yet Freeman doubts if he' has got any brains— doubts if he has any common-sense— rdoubts if he has, common honesty — doubts if he has aiiy conscience— -and mocks at his solemn philosophic air as so much sham and empty-headedness ! Why ? because this. Catholic gentleman and Fellow of St'. John's is in favour of." secular, compulsory, and free education," and because he thinks that a: divorcelaw is Ja'blcssihg when either party to the marriage contract has' proved unfaithful ! Mr. ;Di!lon ; is the first ' victinv to " Freeman's daughter" — a Popish instrument of torture?'"' \- Our Boys.— Notwithstanding larrikinism, we have ample proof of the good "manly stuff of which ; our boys -arc made. During: last week two boys Fredrick 'and/Leslie Gannon of:13 and la ; years, rescued a girl from drowning and restored, her after apparent death, the latter boy having'latoly been reading' the directions for such' /cases. Another boy 1 named Craddock rescued another, diving to the botton, clothes on. Bravo.' " A ' - Catching .A&vortlsoment; — Last Monday the authorities of. St. Vincent's did their best to catch Protestant: money for their hospital. . It was the Prince of, Wales' birthday ; and, of course, the heretics had money to spend on their loyalty, How,, cunning to decoy that money, in the way of, pleasure, into; the coffers of- St.; Vincent's,-by. enticing, the heretics to go to Chowder,; to : dance with: the girls to' the : melting strains of the Irish piper. 1 Accordingly, Mr. Coveny pufcin the Herald his advertisements appealing to all denominations "to support the " best'1 chatity," and make their .picnieing loyalty profitable to the" good sisters." Here is the advertisement, "which,1 like good bait on tlie book of the angler, was used on Monday last to catch money with": — "" V; '' " "The committee earnestly solicit the patron- - ... age of -the ; general public to this most admirable, charity, (which is supported purely, by . voluntary, contributions) , in which, the sick poor , aro,,. irrespective 'of , creed, colour, or . country, received and ; nursed by ladies of gentle birth, purely for the love of Gotl and. their, fellow-creatures, ' without' hope of any earthly reward HenSa.tBe'&ninUttde;' appeal' .with confidence to the "public to ;pati'6bise'-. thisi best of all haritics " "vi ;; We ; hope , uqbody,:, was soft . .euough to. .be 1 coaxed- ; to . Chowder .to , give. -money to' St. Vin ' cent." The advertisement was a falsehood. tTrue, St.. Vincent's, .Hospital, does licit i enjoy.<:the blessing of State aid ; but that is not for want of trying to' get it ; and the attempt would have succeeded if the watchers of the public purse had not exposed the little game. Oftener than once £1000 has been put on the esti mates for St. Vincent's ; but it has been taken off again because the money would be accepted, but the Papal authorities are so «»- sectarian in their charity, that they will not allow any one but a Papist to have anything to do with it. — Then It is true that patients of all creeds are admitted into St. Vincent,s ; but only on condition that they pay and that they submit to the rule and " atmosphere " of the place. The words " sick poor " are always in the mouths of the St. Vincent's folk ; but the "sick poor "whom they regard are those who will pay. And the payment plan is well worked ; thus — All the Popish patients who can pay are sent to St. Vincent's by the priests ; but in the case of the real sick poor who cannot pay, the priests give orders on the Colonial Secretary for their admission into the Macquarie-street hospital ! All Irish servant girls who can pay £2 2s are admitted into St. Vincent's ; . but those who _ cannot pay are sent to Macqnarie- street ! Irish servant girls who are in place and cannot pay borrow the money from their: mis tresses ; and so they are admitted, to St. (Vin cent's ; but the sick poor girls who are out' of place and cannot borrow, find the door lof admission to St. Vincent's shut against them ! Yet Protestants are mocked and cheated with the fine-drawn appeal — " The best charity — for the sick poor— give your support— go to the picnic — buy tickets — give money." — The good sisters are of gentle birth : they nurse purely for the love of God; they have no hope of earthly reward : and to be nursed by such ladies — what a priceless privilege ! But why did not young Mr. Coveny tell the whole truth ? Why did he not tell that those ladies of gentle birth have bound themselves by an oath to renounce marriage as a. less holy state than celibacy? that marriage would be a pollution to them : that they consider themselves purer and better than the mothers who bore them ; that they are the spouses of Jesus , Christ in a sense that married matrons can never be : and that their,- hope of reward is) a higher place : in the kingdom of heaven than .all other women? Mr. Coveny knew that if this little hit were told, and that, if the public really understood it, his little game: for, St. Vincent's would be spoiled! We have a greatjre'spect for women or men who! voluntarily, deny; themselves, and give their time and labours for the good of others : but when the , St. Vincent- folks tell" us that their "good sisters " and , " celibate nuns " are dis interested in their ' labours— that their only object is the sick poor — that thoy have no hope of earthly ' reward— we convict them on the spot of cunning falsehood the ' affair is a traffic which; makes profit to the Church by the. paying of patients ;: the affair brings gain from dying patients' in; a way that never is. divulged to the public ; the affair has created valuable property to the Church, which will yet- bo' ap- p'ied to -.Church' purposes ;; and the women who work it are the sharpest' mercenaries that ever struck a bargain. What do they give ?— their time, their labour, their serviee, their virginity ; and what do thoy bargain for as. a quid pro quo ''. Why, not only/the forgiveness of their sins, but the .special re ward of ,high place! and!; exalted 'glory in the kingdom of' heaven'!: Disinterested service ?; No— the service . of ' the' gentle-born 1 ladies of St. Vincent's is the best paid service in : all the colony. Every patient- .whom' they; attend relieves1 them from, so many years in purgatory:; and every attention to the poor and: sick gains for them a higher degree of glory in the ' company , of- the 'saints:; in heaven.- — - " Hence " our advice to the publio is this — liefuse to he- parties, to feminiue Jesuit frauds. : Who "Were They ? — We have been asked who were the persons who, as " trustees of the National Park "- and " invited guests " so need- lessly and defiantly desecrated the Sunday a fortnight ago by going on Saturday to Port Hacking that they might have all Sunday for exploring the park and seeing what steps should be taken for its being properly laid out ? In- our note last week wE did not mention the names; we simply protested against such national defiance of the law on the part of the so-called " trustees;" but we have been asked who were the persons who were guilty of so flagrant a breach of the law of the land, and of so offensive an outrage on the feelings of the religious portion of the; country. We give their names now as reported inthe papers. First of all— there was Sir John Robertson, who must be held accountable for the whole thing, as, doubtless, it was he, as a member of the Government, who ordered the steamer Thetis to get ready and proceed on the pleasure trip. Then there was Mr. M'Cullooh (whose free-thinking propensities have been oftener than once exhibited in Parliament), Mr. J. Grahame, : Mr G. F. Want; Mr. Yorke, Mr. A. C. Moore (we suppose the director of the Botanical Gardens), Mr. W. Bradley, and Mr. - Freeman; the secretary. All these are referred to as the " trustees ; '' and therefore, as a body, on behalf of the nation, they deliberately per- petrated a gross outrage on the national reli gion, and set an example to the whole people of Sabbath profanation. But there were guests invited. The wicked like to have companions in their wickedness. These " trustees " in- vited guests. There were Dr. Hector of New Zealand; Dr. Evans, from Balmain ; Mr. Wm. Neill.of the City Bank ; Mr. T. Alcock, Mr. Smyth, and the reporters of the papers. Of course these guests went for the pleasure ; they had no duties to perform as trustees : no bank bills to negotiate ; and no patients to cure. Pity that they did not take " his Grace " with them as "chaplain of the expedition." The affair would then have been complete ; as " his Grace " has been setting a very pernicious example to the community in the way of Sab- beth profanation. He would have " blessed " their labours and probably have delivered an oration on the " heights of the park " on the subject of education and religious persecution! Be this however as it may, we now give the names of the national profaners of the Sunday and trespassers of the national law of the Sab bath. We protest that these persons— trustees and guests— owe an apology to the whole colony, whose religious feelings they have wan- tonly insulted. a< .'Aaotio'r B5 Traitor.— When DrT Vaughan was. laying :the foundation-stone :of ; one'ofohis schools a few months ago, he spoke most feelingly of a good Protestant who had sent him £5 in testimony of hie (the Protestant's) admira tion of the principles and work of " his Grace " in the matter of education and schools. That "liberal Protestant," whom Dr. Vaughan praised as "good and enlightened and pious and of a good will," was not named. Dr. Vaughan thought it better not to name him. But why did he not name him? If the action was good— if it was an exemplary one — why not tell us who the Protestant was whoso oharity aud piety were so worthy of remark ? Oh, it was tho Protestant's modesty! And it was to Dr. Vaughan's fine feelings in respect for that modesty 1 There was, doubtless, another reason. It, was necessary to cover the " Pro testant " with" Catholic shields, else he would have been shot at with questions about his Protestantism and consistency. The traitor's five pounds were very acceptable to Dr. Vaughan) and the exposure of the name might prevent such' ' money comiug his way again. Precisely : but if Dr. Vaughan is not utterly lost to all feelings of truth and honour, he cannot but despise Protestants who thus play false with their professed principles. His miser able love of money prevents him from sending back such money to tho sender with the scorn of — reprobation — "Take back your money : an open enemy is better than a false friend. "—Last Sunday, another traitorous Protestant sent £5 to "his Grace " at'Bnlmain. Was it true ? Was- it the same Protestant ? Was it another of the samekidney? The whole thing is suspicious -y but the name is kept back a secret. Much need. We quite understand that there are Pro testant traitors who will give their money to build up Popish schools.. They are enemies in our camp. Their falsehood makes their money a pollution. But Protestant money is quite ac ceptable to Dr. Vaughan. A Protestant, who by the very name which he dishonours, professes to hold Popery to be a false religion, ruinous to souls and false to God ; yet he gives his money to ruin souls and to dishonour God ! This is the worthless Protestant whom Dr. Vaughan commends so long as he sends him five-pound notes ! Tho Balmain Speech.— Dr. Vaughan has explained in a letter to the. papers that his " Balmain, utterance " was not an extempore deliverance, bat one written, word for word as it appeared in the Herald. This makes it tenfold . ' worse - than if it had been the impulsive harangue of a disappointed priest. It was deli- beiate. It was premeditated. The fire and passion and, ferocity of it were found in the cool shades of St. John's College ! Hotheaded youths may be excused wnen they utter violence onthe"spur6f the moment '"and in the "heat of debate ;" :but when " learned visitors'of col leges " and apostolic bishops, in:the cool shades- of — learned retreats— foam out bitterness and vulgar insolence, what is to be done with them ?' Dr. Vaughan seems iucapablc of understanding how he is making sport with his own name and position. He has tried to catch Mr. Hurley Perhaps ho will catch the hob. member in making a slip ; but it is paltry of him to break through his rulo'of not replying in the papers on- so small an occasion, when he has passed by so ' many greater ones. Dr. Vaughan's Equality of Rights.— "His Grace" is a mighty advocate for equal ' rights. He has a .keen appreciation, of equal privileges. ; . He is ever ' harping . on tho , chord that the Catholics should have equal rights. Ho says that Catholics have always held that doc trine. Ho ; intimates that in all the world, where Catholics liaye power, they have always been willing to give equal rights. In fact, if you will, believe him, you cannot doubt that the Catholics have been the friends of civil and religious liberty in all ages and all places ; and, if you will believe ;him, you cannot doubt that, all over the, world, . Catholics naturally, aud, as a matter of course, love the principle of equal, rights. Well, we ask him to consider tho following: — " New Orleans, July 10, 1S79. ' ' Some few days since a committee of twenty- one citizens, representing the Catholic com munity of Brule Landing, waited upon Rev. T. A. ; Vaudray with a written document, informing him emphatically that all lootiircs or publications on his part against their religion should be stopped. The letter con cluded ' Our determination is positive and irrevocable. Your future residence among us peaceably and unmolested depends'upon an nnequivocal compliance with this request. We hope no harsh measures on our part will bo necessary to secure such compliance.' To this dooumenb'Mr. Vaudray replied verbally as follows : ' Toll your friends that we are not living in Africa, but in the United i States of America,: where freedom of con science is grunted to every human being; that I am an English subject, and shall , at once 'appeal to'that Government for protec tion and redress ; and finally, I treat the demand with scorn, and will resume my lectures , as soon as protection is accorded ' me."-" . ' , How., is it,, that " equal rights" is a. principle harped npon by Papists where thoy are in the- minority:; but, that where they: are /strong, Papists practice the more pleasant principle of !" take (all: and give none ? " The truth is, Papists/reason thus— " When you are in power wo demand, 011 your principle, equal rights ; but when we are in power we act upon our owe, and deny that you have any right at all." >r Tiie stagnant water which has been suffered for years to accumulate and breed fevers , and frogs in the Coliseum at Rome has been drained off at last."; An-'aneisnt' sewer) extending froni the' " mota sudans " to theTiber, was discovered) and was connected with a drain from.' the Coliseum.:' The 'water was admitted into this ancient-sewer on the third of March, and the flood which' filled the basement story of .the famous ampitheatre of Flavins was gradually drawn off. ' In cleansing the sewer there were- found a quantity of ancient lamps with gladia torial' ornamentation, human skulls, and bones of animals.; Much of the old Roman road in the Foro 'Romano is now exposed to view, and tho ruins 'of! "the -shops of- the goldsmiths' 'and silversmiths are visible. 