MISCE.LLANEOU S. Secondi P;storiel Le.ctcr. (Frumae the Syi,?,ey. aioly, Tel eq'aph.) TIes following is a copy of the second ,Pastoral Letter addressed by thle Arch bishop of Sydney to thqclergy, secular anud regular, and the faithfl of the diocese of Sydney : "uRgor Bcod, bythe ro of God. and the favour of theAl 'ls, i, Arc~|ishop ,f Sydney andMetp'lit~i to the Clergy, ,Shicuhlar and ?goeulair, anil th Faithlful of the said Archdiocese. " Healthand lounediotio. in the Lord. 'f Revereoud. and dear btotheln, and dear Schildren in Jesus Christ - "Though the Catholhc Church is !by far .the.nmost formidable oplponul, of the grea:tt aposteicy, still she is iot its sole olipponent. H·er foes themsnelves, if they possess any sound heart of Christianity, are compelled, in self-preservation, to set themselves iagainst it; nor does it follow, from their being at olne in this, that they are mutual friends because two men, for their own pdniirate reasons, hate a third man, that does not even tend to prove that they love each othler. Those who profess the Catlholic faithl and those who protest against that faith can, for causes known to themselves, qnd those causes may be radically different, strike out against one and the same antago nist. Thus the Catholic Church and the English natibn, whilst conflicting with each other, are compelled, by force of principle, to resist the advances of the great apostacy. * "The English nation, though it be not Catholic, is still in many ways profoundly Chlristian.. For well-nigh 1000 years Eng land lay steeped, as in a bath of superna tural light, in the strong Christianity of the Catholic Church; and the benign influence of the Anglo- Saxon moarchy of that most touching,period of England's history still exerts a certain swax or le people's cons cience. It took possess n?f and moulded the national sentimisnt ; ll at the date of King St. Edwasd's death those laws, cus tomns, and traditions wl~h still give evi dence of their intluence, had stamped an especial character on the national heart. The five centuries of Norman-English rule consolidated and deepened the work of the previous period; and the Catholic Church expanded in power as she did in organiza tion, and becamne part and parcel, not only of the law, but of thi.blood and heart of England. Her venerablo Sees, her renowned uiniversities, her great monastic orders, her schools and munificent charities, her large prerogatives in the temporal order, her glorious past, written in many an illumi lnated page, her saints and nmartyrs, helr kings and queens, wearing the nureola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on the popu lar imagination--how could England, living for well nigh 1000 years in such a thrall s? this, help being permanently affected in her national chlaracter Down tb the 10th century we may fairly say that the laud had been living theilife of the Catholic Church, as it has formed some of the isost beautiful pages of her history. Since that date, whilst the Church's authority Ihas been rejected, many of her b oad fundametall teachings lhave remained. ' Look at the Englanmd t-day, and say Swhletlher or io you do r oive in soiie of the main outlines of hlerh ractbr deep, indelible tolkens of past ilineos ? What do-we see ? First, a natio? Church, with the old caithedrals and old sees and the village churches, all proclaimuing their origii in every stone of them ; a hierarchy of archbishops and bishops, with the prayer book and the ritual breathing, if they breathe any breath ait ill, a breatlh redolent of ancient, days; the .thero are the old Universities of Oxfd .and Ca.mbridge, seed-plots of great i?t every walk of life, and pregnaitinfnn and temper, with a-spirit that too0? h1 lrede of years to bring to anytlfing lk? erfection.- The surface ofasings is clanged, but in the depths, I1.ping but bt dead, the old spirit wc.'Tes and protects the Christianity of Enghnd . There is much of the antique spirit i" the higli nobility--the honlour, self-respect, truthfulness, loinesty, and generosity of a chivalrous age. The people are; as a body, charitable, earnest, religious, and unconquerable in tleir perseverance. They love order acd law; they are honoui; able in their commercial.transactions; they are the most domestic pople. in the world, andposess many beauiful natural virtues, which"-are elevated a ~refined through those traditionary priiles which, "s a salt, keep thec.sition od at lheart, and help to maiiitain it vigiously Christiai. Added to theaesvirtues, tere is their deep love and reverence for the Word of God. By its:means the idea of the supernituralis kept from dying out, and the thought of the Ainaightyi kis Providence, Christ's Atoneu ment, His mnercyl love, and grace become a precious -heritage 4nongst tlhe people. There the great mor virtues are f'und illustrated and enford; and so deeply ii the Bible treasured tl t it is looked upon -by the masses as be ~ig as essential am element in the natio 's greatness as thlE nujesty of the thrn i elf its stability. "Thuss, the Ensh ~oplre profoundly impressed with m'? ition that the nation's greatness and retge spring from this principle of Cl istianity; that its soundness of heart, i enterprise and it, successes on a large ale, are due in the ultimate analysis to tl fact thlat the broad foundations of the iEmpire are set in the maxims of the Gospel, and the principles dictated by the Inspired Word. Almost as a consequence of this, tie two leading traits of the national character are honesty and S.thoroughness; and whalmt Englishmen prize most for thenmselves and others is civil and religious liberty,. ' Look at the cnditiou of England ac the present hour. Unity dfFaith is gone, Its place is taken byi 150 different secte. The nation must acceit this state of things. Is it jaccording tuer the national spirit to invent' a scheme for (using all these reli gioens into one 1 Suchuan idea is abhorrent from the national feeli g. It has nothling about it either of honesty or thoroughness; it is mnore in confonrity with a nmaskted infidelity, and with a spirit of trifling with Divine things, and with God himself, from which an earnest relgious mindi aponta Sicouely recoils. Engliashlnen being thorough themselves, like othern to be.thlorough also. lihey infinitely prefer an outspoken, fear less enemy to one wS o cringes. Thllghl they may:detest a man's creed or nmetlhol, they still miore deest, they loatlhe cowardice in him who bhas not courage to eipress or to maintain hat in his heart luc thinks to blie e te truth. Take, the case of Esiglish Catholics in Rnglish society at homse; In thbrough lnglish Protestant society the way to gain influeice and respect ms to lie thorough also. -Cardinal Manning, having mnoved ieiboth societies in Catholic and Protestant-is able to:give incontestible evidence upon this point: He, an, Englishman, for. half of hiso life'-mn Aglicmian, thoroughly conversait ivitli ,eEnglishe ways and- s?s, in his ' Iiscella naes' writes isdisfollws-:: .IEnnglshl society, with all iti vices,' he says, ' dcs. after iall represent thle u lEglish chliracter. Tiihere is something'ldownrighlt nmansly and decided in it; hod i rcslpect thlue s'Due, tilat.is, its ,uwn -qu?ditRes, is nthers a uIlilch Isa it despiser and idileushi' il! s',r-vih i, ticity eagersenh to clre ib~ lv ous ,Doiewriylt nlasculine and decided Catholics--nore Rolan than Ionme, more ultramontane tban the Pope himself--may enter English society and be treated with goodwill and rcapect overywhero, if only, they will hold their. own with self-respect and a delicate consideration of what is due to others. It is this very boldness which inspires botlh respect and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity, and sincerity is respected by overybody worthy of the nlamo of English manl. NS'o greater bluiinder could he comn imitted than to tryto propitiate Englishml n or English society by a tame, diluted, or ismworthy Catholicisim.' "Now how does all this hear upon Catholic education'i It bears upon it in the directest manner. For, if Englishmen love nothing beotter tlan honesty and thoroughness, oven in the holding of a creed which they tlink ia grand mistake, they will be consistent, and v will love honesty and thorughness in. education. They will hold tlihat, if thero nimst be diver sity of creed, at all events there should be tlhoroughnessc and honesty in the holding to that diversity. The national honesty and thoroughness with them is a potent ele ment in national strength. If a man be true to his God, tere is a chance of his being true to his leo 'ory(' But' lie who would barter awa ls (eligo1i, or treat it lightly, would turn ott a poor creature in the day of .a nation's ril. Hence, though lie condemns Catholicity, an Englishman has no faitl in a lukewarm Catholic, any more than he has in a timid soldier. H1e says, in effect, '-Let the nation be brought up honest and thorough, and then we stand a chance of holding our own, and maintain ing the prestige of tile Empire. Let the young, who will take our place when we are gone, be drilled into this great idea. Lot all, of whatever creed, have equal chance in the race, and, whilst each is earnestly and thoroughly trained in his own religion, let all be equally assisted in the fitting of .the' mind for life's battle when it comes.' " What is the consequence of this. master-principle which energizes so strongly in a nations life ? It is this: that even that creed which the nation has rejected for 300 years receives equal treatment with the established creed in the scheme of national education for the people. England knows well that a bad Catholic is a danger to the State, whilst a thoroughly good one helps towards the national glory. There are no pampered Public sho ols set up for ties benefit of a fraction o the ople. Catho lie schools ani Prsestlnta, on an equal footing with (-P lio\ in Great Britain. All iro tiaat ost y slike on tlhe principle of paymons by results. Take the report of Oatholic sools in England, Wales, and Scotland, for the year that hab passed. "In theo 'ier ending 31st August1 1818, there uo'r'c\?iiiually inspected in England and Wiles f3 Catholic iiinstitutions, con' taining in them 1172 deprtments,. in which separate teachers are employed-that is 215 of boys, 191 of girls, 300 of infants, 400 mixed. There was an average attendance in those schools of 120,303, comprising 03,255 boys, 03.050 girls, divided is to the teaching into 27,427 boys, or mixed, under masters; 03,422 girls, or mixed, Iunder mistresses; and 35.450 infants under mistresses. Tile total of children on the school register, 101,34:1; tile number attending hiluf-tinme, 15,101. ' The net amount paid to tile schools out of Parliamentary grant was £?95,700 Os Gd, giving a rate. of grant for each scholar in average attendance of 15s 12d. The grant during the same time to the Church of Englancd schools was 15s O.d ; to Wesleyan schools. I5Ss 7d ; to British schools, les ?d ; to School-board schools, 15s ld a SBsnolnhr. . " The claim: o'f Catholi.c, schools on the Parliamenltary grant fell under seven heads : The first 'for average attendance, under which £37,001 12s Gd was claimed ; the second for. the attendance of infants, amounting to £15,716 8s 6d; the third is for examination in standards, amounteng to £28,915 12s Od ; the fourth for examination in classes, amounting to £12,355 7s 7d; the fifth fo c o tionns ialubjects, anmonting 47? ? r sixth com prised s)pe? o ts on ools, and amountcto1£23 6s &l;th seventh was thlerarit t bisil teal rs of 60s, to those wrho obtained the mark of Well, and of ,Os; to those who obtained the mark of FAirly. "The Government grants to Catholic training colleges for the year ending 31st December, 1878, were as follows :-To St. Mary's Hamimeramith, £1738 12s Gd, together with £20 10s, received from Science and Art Department, total £1765 S 6d, the students in residence bheang 309; to the Training College of Nntre Dame, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool, £2013, tngether with £52 from the Art Grant; total £2065, the students in residence being 114; to the Training College of the' Sacred Heart, Wandswortlh, £1667 17s 10d, the students in residence being 50. " Catholic night s6hools received a grant for the year ending 31st August, 1878, of £1654 is 6d, being a rate per scholar in average attendance of 8s 6Od. "The whole grant for Catholic schoolsin England and Wales in the year ending 31st December, 1878, was £109 ,495 O9s Od. "The grant to Catholic schools in Scot land for the same period was £19,370 8s 7d. The rate of grant for Scotland per scholar in average attendance was, in Catlholie schools, e14s 6d; in Church of Scotlnd schools, 1 1s 11d; in Free Church schools, 1ls 6d; in Episcopal Church schools, 14s 7.d l in Public schools, 16s 10ad, "If we add togethler the whole grant to Catholid :elemsete- ry schools and training colleges in England and Wales, whlichl amnounts to '£100,405 Os Od, and that to sclhools in' Scotland, which amounts to £10,370 8S 7d, we obtain a collective grant for Great Britain, in the year 1878, of £128,865 18s 4d. Was it out of love or tenderness to Cathlolicity, as such, that the great states men of England framied such a system as this? and was it because theylored tile Pops that the English people accepted it I All who have any knowledge of the national spirit are well ware that, had there not been some profound reason connected withl the national prosperity, tile Catholic Church would have been ill-used in England, or a system would have been set on foot to weaken the blood in Catholic viens, and melt tile vrigonr of Cathlolic life nut if the people.l. The crrceds would ihas halnd to necnd their childlren to schlools wiftont reli gion, or so acesranged that no cectn-t man, with self-respect, could teachl reli.ion 'ie thems. The creed schooles would be troeted with dinhfvoor by tie G vornment or their officials I the' State ee nls would be as palaces throughl the lapd, with tle heast masters and appoinet ts ; whilht those clhools where tile love ajd.fear of God, and the great'dirotive rinpipas of religion; were hour by hour iniste on, would, on the principle o ,t?o.mcay. of the weeakoste, dwindle gdeqallylaway, as a nation would be roared jp with' caa and less religion;, and more ild mnore cf. that pagan spirit which is, if hltory over taughlt me lesson, the sure prosagq of moral effemi. nacey and nationaldocay. e Far eoEing Tng lish statesmen, possessing tie charatoristice of the race. resisted tlihs inirit of national ,pastay, and respecting, eg gntlemnartino, ihs eo?lnsiitiP ~onvritile of the ' um blest, gave fair plny'to all, an concdiliated the lovo and affoction of England's Catholic unbjects. Thus the nation will continue to hold her down inthe broad contests of inter national lifo; lher nerve and sinew will be I tough, her heart sound ;.and the plrinciples of .ler imperial swa:y will still be founded in the depth of 's Christian spirit. She, on broad, wide-reaching principlds of states mltishlip, maintains a systemt of edlucation baosed ont a 1riincile th;t would satisfy the requiretuuts of the Catholic COhurch. In resisting 'Secularist Education,' we are, in reality, resisting a principle of national ovtrlshrow; and by manintainitg our rights as Catholics we are doing untold service to the State. Heru, interests are 'identical. Iloei, whilst we are hIolding, or struggling, for r or omwn, we are laying lines of f'uture prosperity. We are the true friends of the people anld of the coeuntry, for we found our ownr honour aIld greatness onl our collscilen tions cotvictions regarding morality and faith; asd let us do all thart in ius lies to; ilakeo kniown to others,swho know tlltem not, those great principles of religions liberty, religious tlhoroughness,andreligioshosesty, on whicth is al Enlad's greatness mainly rests. " Dearly belde, 1 pontinue to press 'our claim to equ:iity. bcanntot, in cotn scienlce, send our ehldron to 'Public schools.' We are houn in duty to bring thetm u thorosgh Caitholies, not thorough Ps t~sittlttdflivbve-br exeniplary Protestants may be. This is no cry started for a pur pose. The whole Catholic world knows, tand all intelligent Protestants know, that Catholics who have any thorouglhness in them c:annlot bring themselves to jeopardize the future Catholicity of their children by sending them to Public schools. The Angliean Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Moiorhoust t prela of5 thlo ough English mnind, regnis eLe l tll gIIrce of the Churcs's teaching on ls'cushdet. ie says: 'The Roman Catholi are asking frote us 5nothing more than wlt the freest Govern-: mnts in tlihe world have granted to them. In Prussia, in Badon, dn our own colony of Canadai, and wherev r lRoman Catholics and Protestants are lgely intermingled it tho population, the vernment has recog nized that the peeulii opinions of Roman Catholics have mad - sepairate schools for them necessary. TI concession of such schools is inevitable If note granted by our sense of justice, i will sooner or later be wrung fromt our pv itical necessities.' "Dearly bnlosyed, cl ?? the strongest: faitlh in the selso of fr py in the mintds of our follow-conist ~ar consvideod thate, when they rnalln grasp ur ease, they will be ready to giv us cll we ask. We mnerely beseechl thal concerned, so to arrange tltat a largo octio of the com mintity, the leoman a aolics, somne say one third of the populati nl, may give their chlildren a thorough, honest Catholic aduce tion, and receive for secular instrnction, tested by Government inspectors, equal assistance with those who are satisfied with Publie schools. "'Therefore, my bloved brethlren, be steadfaist "nd immovablh ; always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.' ' For the rest, brethllren, rejoice, be perfect, take exhortdtion, be of one mind, have peace; and the God of peace and of love shall be with you . . . The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and tile charity of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be witlh you all. Amen.' " Given at Sydney, and appointed to bo roead in all churohes and chapels of the archldiocese of Sydsey, on Sundais, August 24, 1879. " t S oyd eR a d DE, " Archbishop of Sydney and Mectropolitan," 