ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Mr. Cathcart reappeared on Saturday night at the Theatre Royal. It is 16 yeara since Mr. Cathcart was in Melbourne before, and then he came with Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean. His reopening part is Richard the Third, and he plays it in the good old fashion, making him a well-dressed Caliban. Perhaps this is the Richard most people like. It is unquestionably Cibber's Richard. In deed, with Cibber's version, it-is not easy to make llichard other than a monster both in shape and mind. Consequently, Mr. Cathcart has adopted what Cibber proposed, and the public of more than a century has recog nised. From this stand-point Mr. Cathcart is entitled to praise. He has not embar , rassed himself with pyschological studies and , analytical investigations. To him; Richard baa seemed pnly a very bad man and an ex ceedingly ambitious king, ready; to wade. up to his arm-pits in blood, so long u he coqld jget what he wanted. Hia Richard'auffers ho remorse, no compunction, no sorrotf'for'hia crimes. He goes straight to hia -purpose, and; #o long as he gains his end he is satisfied. He ia not subtle: he is onlv <>^ ^ even his cunning is not pat 0n w,U ** marked intention to deceive. Be hatoT"* kind, and sheds blood for the p 5* shedd.ng it. He ia sometimes ghosts, but the effect of the scar^Si, h last long. It passes off as s^A** T^r.?°ber-and Richard, the b?<2? shedding K,chard, is himself agaln Sf through he is a Banguinary wild beaat, cravW for human life, and glorying in its .Willg tion. He is another Caliguhu M^ Cath^rt herein, then, is quite consistent. AcceSf Richard as a wholesale shedder of blola he keeps him, all through, in a verv »t mosphere .of gore. Like the illustrious Pi Foh-Fum, he is for ever smelling the hw!» of an Englishman, and too much credit can not be given to Mr. Cathcart, for the evelfj hemorrhagic purpose he has continuaUv i! his mind. His Richard never falters ru is always on the look-out for throat-cutC or poisoning, or smothering, or, in som« other mode, putting to death. It seems to anger him that so many people are alioweJ to live, so that when the battle of Bosworth Field comes to be fought, he is in high ek« and the beatpoasible spirits, andthushefishta with a will which puts the audience esnf cially the boys in the gallery, in spirit's also" Indeed, for a good sanguinary melodramatic combat, the encounter between Mr. Cathcart and Mr. Carey could not well be distanced Such a fight ought to make "Richard the Third" run for several weeks But really there is no pleasing some people And Mr. Carey enters into the spirit 0f this fight with the highest zest. He makes you feel that a kingdom really depends upon the issue of the duel, and consequently helays about him as if he meant it He makes a fine, looking Richmond, and seems just the man to inspire an army with confidence in him. Of the rest of the cast, the most notable feature was the Duke of York of little Edith Appleton, a dear little creature not six yeats of age. She is the smallest and youngest Duke of York we ever saw, and yet there has been none cleverer, for she does more than go through the traditional business of the part, but obviously enters into it with a spirit and feeling, which prove that she both understands and enjoys it. Miss Flora Anstead played Queen Elizabeth with a very true feminine delicacy, but ,Miss Lester was not in the least happy as Lady Anne. Of the smaller parts, mention must be made of the Earl of Oxford, played by a gentleman who, for the present, apparently desires to be known as Mr. Dixon. The Earl of Oxford is not a prominent character, but Mr. Dixon made you quite Bure that that nobleman muBt have been an educated, intelligent gentleman. On Thursday night, in consequence of Mr. Cathcart being so hoarse, he did not play at all, and Mr. Carey took his place in the part of Richard, in the representation of which character he discovered a degree of merit which encourages the belief that, if he were to make a particular study of the character, he might reckon it as one of his principal succesees. Last night there was to be a benefit for the late Charles Cavanagh's children. Mr. Cathcart and Mrs. Steele were to appear in "The Honeymooon," Mr. Whiteman was to deliver an address of his own writing, the Georgia Minstrels were to do some minstrelsy, the Stewarts were to give selections from "If,"and Mr. Greville was to appear in "The Irish Dragoon." Altogether an attractive programme, which, in combination with so good a motive, has probably terminated in substantial results. " Henry V.," at the Princees's, loses nothing by repetition, but as Mr. Rignold's engagement does not extend further than the 20th of the present month, it will pro bably give way to " Amos Clarke " in a few nights. On Saturday night, at the Academy, Mr. Titheradge, in addition to Lord Chiltern in " False Shame," which he plays with such a perfect grace, appeared as David Garrick in the play of "Garrick," which is one of several versions of the same comedy we have previously had in Melbourne, and all of which are translations variously adapted from the original French play of " Le Docteur Davy," the pith of which is the self-sacrifice of an actor, in disgusting the woman who lovea him, rather than, by encouraging her love, he should damage her interests. Nobody quite knows why David Garrick was fixed aPon 88 the actor to exhibit the sacrifice. It was probably thought that a conspicuous name was better than one possessing no interest. The character has been already played ia Melbourne by Mr. Baridmann, Mr. Lytton Sothem, and Mr. Lingard. Mr. Titheradge haB a conception of it dil' ferent from all these. He gives conspicuous prominence to the disinterestedness of tne act of sacrifice, and, by so much, intensifies the interest it possesses, thus evoking higher degree of sympathy. You can harm? help exclaiming, aa you see him the estimation of the girl to whom jbe been as a demigod, " the pity of it J 1 interest Mr. Titheradge intensified to BUC. degree as to make the sympathetic tep8'° experienced by the audience almost paiai . Of course the .effect of this tension wm w make the relief felt on the relenting ot father all the more marked. At the sam time, it is a moot point whether a mo truly dramatic, effect would not be oc sioned by allowing the curtain to fan »P the understanding, that only a P^mc. g&rd; would hepermitted between the and the daughter of the rich city ®' ' In any case nothing could possibly be thanllr. Titheradge's acting in the character. It is a most difficult part to play. »<>* counterfeit presentment in cqunterf P ^entmenJv.with interspaces representing occasional, cfSBatipn of a 8],?IlI®?0mit.»iet. I these remissions ate managed by Mr. adge with consummate skill All he I 89 easy, bo free ihm effort, sowlwlly ^ | Acting, so r^andyeteos^^P^ \- 'Hnoion. You can readily give your it >b °n!be glamour of the Bcenc, and tako ec]f up t° tne k The audience obviously H 11,1 , fB0 0n Monday night, for they went thought s Tithera<jge after he made c" flrI? Inthat he came on to acknowledge hi9 '"l iment in the middle of a scene-a thecomP' bt ever to commit, no faul! "°how vociferously he be applauded. m lit to resist the bad taste of an audi to spoil the £"cc' Qlirh a BoleciBm occasions. Such . JS should be left to opera-Bingers, who 60 ^ nniatic art out of the question, and IBTS brwk into . seen, to actaow COfreven a trifling measure of applause. Miss Santon played the heroine in this with a <l«iet grace most re comepy And her by-play was as ,reBJ,n.g her most animated action. She <awith her eyes and her attitudes, and Kein incidentally, demonstrated her power * ! L't sort of eloquence which needs no ,n If to convey its meaning. Mr. Deering wors in his beat shape as the city merchant; I « «ob Mr HaU-or, as the ill-corrected 1 cS him, JShn L. Hali-aa the Metering squire. Mr. Phillips gave cha Seristic quality to an eccentric fragment, Miss Wiseman did the same to a study ° Together, these two pieces of "Garrick" ,"d "False Shame" form aa agreeable an nine's entertainment as one could wish f have and it would be possible to see them leral'times in succession without feeling anything but satisfaction. On Thursday night Mr. Titheradge took his Jefit. and played Triplet in " Maaks and ?fives " an unwise selection, for it does not «how 'him at his best. Moreover the piece * rally was done in a slovenly fashion, as if it bad been hurriedly prepared. Mrs. Steele daved Peg Woffington, which was not a Scions thing for her to do ; for although nobody can act the part better than Mrs. S eele can, she must know that she can not look it. To-night " IL M Pinafore' is to Je produced, with Mr. and Mrs. Lingard in the cast Our friendsMr. and the Misses Stewart have this week, at St. George's Hall, been giving their other entertainment entitled If, as short a title, perhaps, as ever was used for any piece. The use of the word is not very apparent, but really the title is no great matter. The object is to show these clever actors in a variety of characters, and this is perfectly accomplished. We have thus 18 different characters represented in the course of the evening, and every one of them dis tinctly and clearly marked, and all highly finished. Each one is a perfect study, and quite typical in its representativeness. Thus Mr. Stewart giveB us the old sailor, the Irish soldier, the Yorkshire coachman, the trip ping Frenchman, and the extravaganza king. Miss Docy presents severally the well-pre served old lady, the ambitious prima donna, the full- blown domestic, and the extravaganza queen. Miss Maggie Stewart shows the London lodging-house keeper, the lisping young lady, the American beauty, hand some but nasal, and the extravaganza prince we know so well; while Miss Nellie vigorously diverts and delights us with the conventional slavey, the neat and dapper tiger, the Dundreary swell, the red-cloaked Irish girl, and lastly, a rare and radiant maiden," whom the bills name Cinderella. And of this last it may be eaid that it is perhaps the prettiest costume ever worn upon the Melbourne stage. It is bright, rich, elegant, and yet simple, and it is worn with a daintiness that nothing can distance. But, indeed, in re spect of costume, the Misses Stewart in this performance show such a surpassingly good taste, that tbey have»t an example which one may wish, but hardly hope, to see entirely followed. Of their musical performances it would not be easy to speak too highly. We always knew Miss Docy to be a moBt accom plished musician, and equal in the way of execution to anything required out of grand operatic performances, hut in this " If" she executes some operatic selections which set one wondering whether she ought not to have been principal in a regular operatic company. And to her sisters, also, a very . high compliment must be paid for a like« reason. Miss Nellie's singing of the air from " Die Fledermaua" astonished even her enthusiastic admirers. The medley songs by Mr. Stewart and Miss Docy are the best of the kind ever heard in Melbourne and the parts are bo well blended that the transition from one to another is singularly agreeable. There is, then, but one feeling, that our friends the Stewarts ought not to go away from us again. We have not only not bettered them, but we have got nobody who can supply their places. They are a credit to their Victorian training, and the capital of Victoria ought to make ouch of them. Here, also, we are to have '' H. M. Pinafore," the cast being completed .V the engagement of several well-known ladies and gentlemen, who, with Mr. and the MisBes Stewart, will represent quite a strong The long expected concert of Miss Alice ^ces took place on Saturday night last, at the Town-hall, which was crowded on the occasion. And with good reason, for Miss Kees has a voice which carries you out of yourself with enthusiasm. You cannot re sist it; it ia a voice which startles you, flights you; and sets you thinking what will c°me of it. Where will the possessor be in 10 from this time ? In London, Paris, St. eterBburg? It is considered in these latter days ?n evidence of weakneaB'to be sanguine, to e over-expectant, to predict too confidently, 0 lope too warmly, to approve too unre servedly. But MiBB Rees's voice is unques "onably ©f that kind which prompts you to ®xpiesa approval in unqualified terms. No a°ttbt there is nothing, however good, in ^nich the strictly-critical mind cannot dls COVer some defect, land perhaps it Is a'good thing, upon the whole, that the critical faculty 1B disposed occasionally to exercise itself, without straying into the pleaaanter paths of admiration. But Miss llees per suades one to admire, and not criticise. It is pleasant to abandon oneself to that sweet in lluence which comes from listening to a voice that setB one thinking of some rare bird, pouring out its melody high up within the arch of blue. But this is just what Miss Rees can do. When first she sang in public some two years ago, she had the voice indeed, and it was very delightful to listen to it; but it wanted the cultivation which thorough discipline can impart, and thiB good training Miss Reea has gone through under the direction of the most capable | instructress in this part of the world, namely, Madame Lucy Chambers. And the pupil does credit to her teacher. Madame Chambers has accomplished a grand result, and while praising Miss Rees without stint, it is only absolute justice to speak in terms of strong commendation of the careful train ing to which she must necessarily have been subjected. The selections made to illustrate the power and flexibility of Miss Rees's voice on this occasion, were necessarily of a testing kind, but she came out of the test with triumph, and in those simpler exercises which she gave for encores, she Bhowed that in ballad as well as in the more complex operatic forms of vocalisation, Bhe is quite at home. And especially it is to be remarked that MiBB Rees has made progress in the power of expression. She makes the song tell the Btory not alone by the words, in articulating which she iB most agreeably distinct, but by tone, emphasis, and phrasing. In brief, Miss Alice Rees is a singer of whom any country might be prond, and aB this is her native country, we who ate of it and in it very naturally are delighted at her success, and accordingly congratulate both her and her excellent teacher. There sang also at this concert Miss Lucinda Blackham, who also, it will be remembered, some months ago made a most favourable impression upon the public musical mind, and on Saturday night she confirmed the good opinion previously formed of her. Mrs. Cutter also sang, both in solo and in duett with Miss Rees. Mr. Beaumont was to have taken part in the con cert, bnt was prevented, and. Mr. Gayner took his place. Mr. Moyle made essay to sing, but his voice played him false. The Melbourne Liedertafel sang two pieces, not with the best possible effect, and Mr Moroney made but lacking use cf his good voice in Schubert's " Wanderer." The instru mentalists included Signor Ortori, who, as usual, did some rare things, and Madame Tasca, whose more acceptable effort was the Scottish selections. Altogether, it was an excellent concert, and it is a good beginning of Miss Rees's professional career. COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking* those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] On Monday, at the Athen.uum-hall, there will be a repetition of the Moore Centenary celebration, under the direction of Mr. W. R. Furlong. On Monday night, also, there will be an un usually attractive performance at the Town hall by the Metropolitan Liedertafel. The programme will include the names of Mademoiselle Charbonnet and Miss Rose Eersee. SrDK'EV, JCTJfE 3. At the Victoria Theatre " Bluebeard " has been played dnring the past week to fair bouses, and is still running. At the Theatre Royal " A Celebrated Case" proved a failure, and was withdrawn after four nights. On Thursday we had " The Lady of Lyons,"and on Friday "Romeoand Juliet," with Miss Osborne and Mr. Chaplin in the principal characters. On Saturday Gilbert's "Engaged" was produced, and is likely to prove a success; it was admirably played throughout. Miss Osborne appeared to better advantage in this than in any piece she has yet appeared in, and displayed some charm ing costumes. Mr. Chaplin, as Cheviot Hill, made you forget his rotundity in witnessing his light elegant acting. Miss Oliver and Mr. C. Brown, as the Scotch lassie and laddie, kept the audience in a tumult of laughter. Mr. Douglass, as Belvawny, was ludicrously tragic, and caused much fun. Mrs. Melville, as the Scotchwoman, did her little well. The weak point of the cast was Miss Alice Deorwyn as Minnie; she did not seem to have the least conception of the character, and I never saw her dressed in such bad taste before. The audience seemed highly amused throughout, and the piece was re peated last night to a full' house. At the Queen's Theatre Mr. Dampier con cluded his successful engagement on Friday last, playing "AH for Gold " and "Helen's BabieB," in which his two clever children appeared. On Saturday Mr. Walton, whom you know on yonr side, opened at this house in an IriBh drama entitled " SbaunShilveen." It iB to be withdrawn after to-night. The GlaBsblowera, together with Kohler, occupy the School of Arts, with but moderate success, the weather having been very wet, and therefore unfavourable for theatrical business. STYLUS. ADELAIDE, MAY 31. The "Poor of London," better known as " Fraud and its Victims," was produced last Saturday. Mr. Reeve, as Tom Trumpert the clerk who is reduced to selling penknives, pleased the majority of his audience better than in anything else he has done. Re petitions of playB recently performed oc cupied the week so far as Friday, when we saw Gilbert's " Engaged" for the first time in Adelaide. Mr. Beeve was very much at home as Cheviot Hill, He appeared to " the manner born," his easy unconventional style agreeing admirably with the actions of the meanly impressionable hero. As a result of this, one naturally expected the energetic transfer of his unsophisticated affections with the advent of each fair "tree which bore the fruitage of his heart." We are of opinion here that Mr. Beeve iB essentially a refined light comedian, and that it Is a pity he should waste time time over " adaptations" of popu lar novels. A round of Charles Mathews's characters would suit him much better. Mies- Carry George's success as Belinda Treberne was genuine and thoroughly well earned. She seemed to set her face against her prevailing weakness of melodramatical nesB, and benefited in consequence. She mixed bathos and tarts with all the grace of Mrs. Lingard, and felt tbe part unmistake* nbly. Miss Maggie Knight made an amusing '' beautiful lassie," though the Scotch accent WBB not there. Miss Grey played Minnie only tolerably. MisB Arden helped the fun as Mrs. Macfarlane, and " kept her position" un flinchingly. Mr. Martin made a capital Mr. Synperson, while Mr. Carey enacted Angus Macalister at Bhort notice, and so effectively that h>B friends could not recognise him at first. " Engaged" will be repeated to-night, and " Diplomacy" is announced for Monday. Baker and Farron appear in " Conrad and Lizette," at the new Academy of Music, on Monday. Hudson and his company, after a suc cessful season at Whites rooms, give their farewell entertainment this evening, and will afterwards make the country tour. Signor Giorza's farewell concert, at the theatre, was well attended, and he was most enthusiastically rgceived. Adelaide musical folk regret him bon management, leavesveryllttteto be said in this column concerning the general progress of opera. The days of this season are now numbered, and the following will be the pro gramme to the end. " Carmen" is to be succeeded on Saturday and Monday by " Aida," Signor Paladini, as I am in formed, having sufficiently recovered from his late attack to render his reappearance at that date sufficiently certain. On Tuesday j and Wednesday, in next week, Wagner's grand opera, " Lohengrin," will be played for the first time by the present company. On the following Thursday the performance will consist of " Carmen," for the benefit of Mr. Beaumont. This will be followed the next night by " Lohengrin," and on Saturday, the 14th inst., "Maritana" will be played. On the Monday after that1t Lohengrin " will be once more performed, and the season will come to an end on the Tuesday following, the 17th June. I cannot tell what the per formance is to be on the date last mentioned, but there is time enough to talk about it before that time comes. The season, thus far, in Melbourne, has not done much for us in the way of novelty. Excepting, of course, " Carmen," they are all old works, or such as have been heard before, which have been pro duced. " Carmen " has amply repaid the care which was takenin the first productionof it. It was put under study as soon as the company first assembled here, and was not allowed to see the light until every one, from the prima donna down to the most humble member of the company, was thoroughly well acquainted with the allotted work, and the result has ! been the brilliant success which I have already noted. There is no reason to find fault with any member of Mr. Lyster's pre sent company on account of voice, excepting always Mr. Angieri, whose pretensions to be called a singer are really amazing in their effronterybuttheir joint repertory appeared to have been rather limited when they first came here, and hence, I consider, the little of novelty in their performance, barring the one successful opera to which I have already made allusion. This acquisition of new parts has been hard work for Miss Palma, who seems to have been the least experienced member of the company, although at the same time most gloriously gifted with voice. We are just beginning now to reap the result of these studies as the season comes to an end. Our friends in Sydney will, however, have no cause to regret that the Melbourne season of opera has preceded theirs, because the company, which will leave for that city immediately upon finishing their work here, will have a much larger repertory to start with, as well as having the additional ad vantage of having practised together for some twelve weeks or BO. It is to be expected-indeed, it is to be hoped-that when the Opera Company next return to Melbourne, "Carmen" may be re produced in even more perfect form than it has been during the present season. To achieve this end it will be necessary either that Miss Stone, who has played the part of Michaela hitherto, Bhould go into well-regu lated training for the proper production of her voice, or that some one else, who can sing in tune, and has some idea of stage business, should undertake the same part. It is always a disagreeable task to have to point out the shortcomings of well-meaning and tolerably clever young people who devote their, un formed talents to the stage; but unless this be done, both the stage and the audience suffer, and ultimately the in dividual singer and the whole profes sion to which Bhe belongs. It is quite possible that with even six months of scientific training Miss Stone might be enabled to undertake the minor parts in opera, for which her voice is suited, with some degree of success, and with satisfaction to the audience. It is a curious feature in connexion with the long run of this opera that during the whole continuance of it Miss Stone has met with an amount of applause wholly in commensurate with her merits. It would be unreasonable to suppose that the house was filled by her friends every night, and I can only account for the fact on the supposi tion that her youth, her evident inexperience, and tbe Bimple charm which always attaches to a young voice have enlisted the sym pathies of her hearers in her favour. A little of such support as Miss Stone has had will go a long way, and I venture to suggest that the continuance of it in such a degree is entirely mistaken kindness on the part of die audience. It is unjust to those who are highly accomplished in musical and dra matic art, and it must bring about injury to the Btage itself. While speaking on the sub ject of Michaela, and the music written for that part, I trust that when the opera shall beagamplacedupontheMelbournestage.Imay have to note the presence of the harp as an rtmen," to the tboura indispensable instrument in the Melbourne orchestra. The pianoforte score, which is the only authority upon which I have to rely, indicates plainly enough that harps have to be used in the accompaniment to Michaela's music in the third act. If I could say that these suggestions would be carried out during the next season I could safely promise the reader a new surprise and a higher delight in listening to this fine work of Bizet than he any has experienced during its present extraordinary run. To-night and on Monday night they play "Aida," with Signor Paladini, Mr. Verdi, Mr. Templeton, Signora Link, and Miss Agnes Falma concerned in the cast. "Aida" is a work well worth studying seriously. ANDANTE. 