I' ?-? Why I believe in Ghosts. AN ENGLISH CHRISTMAS STORY. You Australians, with your beautiful sunny climate and bright summer weather in December, can hardly know what Christmas is like in the old country. You have your joyous excursions into the bush or boating trips up beautiful streams, passing the holiday in delightful rambles amid the glorious scenery which even the van- dal march of bricks and mortar will be unable to wholly mar for generations yet to come ; but we, your brothers in the old land, know nothing of all this. With us, Christmas is too often a time of bitter cold, of ice and snow, and fearful suffering amid the helpless poor, despite the universal charity which seeks to make Christ- mas day a period of happiness, however transient, to all within the reach of its influence. And so we shut our- selves up in our homes, where the blazing coal fires and glaring lights illumine the masses of dark-leaved holly and evergreens which decorate the walls, and often in the pauses of our indoor revelry we think of the dear ones in far off Australia and wonder whether we shall ever meet again in this world. It was on one such occa- sion that I determined to commit to paper a strange experience which befel me during the Christmas pre- vious, for the purpose of sending the narrative to a cousin of mine residing on the farther side of the Blue Mountains. But when I had written my story and had placed the manuscript in an envelope, ready for posting on the next mail day, I discovered that I had lost the address of my cousin. At first I resolved upon placing the manuscript in my desk until I should again have a letter from the antipodean paradise to which my thoughts were continually wandering ; but, after a little reflection I finally decided upon sending it, in a slightly altered form and with fictitious names substi- tuted for those of the real actors in the story, to the ILLUSTRATED SYDNEY NEWS, feeling assured that it would reach the eyes of those for whose perusal it was originally intended. MY STORY. It is Christmas Eve, and I, an artist, whose name I may say, without egotism, is pretty well known, my pictures being accepted at Burlington House and never "skied," sit alone by my studio fire, filling the Bembrandtish glow around me with shadows of the past. Trust me, tb ey form no dis- agreeable companionship. The hour, the season, are well adapted to such memories ; and all the by-gone days of pleasure and pain, disappointment and success, come flocking back upon me, suddenly there rises out of the gloom, clearer than the rest, a face-the pale, handsome, melancholy coun- tenance of Ernest Leslrange- the only chum-friend I ever had, and that was owing rather to the compassion I experi- enced for the poor fellow, than from any reciprocity of feel- ing or similarity of ideas. As that face looms forth I start into a more erect position upon my chair and look around. " Heavens !" I murmur, " so it is-it is Christmas Eve ; the anniversary of his death, and the period to prove if those in the other world are able to keep promises made in this. Ernest Lestrange vowed, this night, if the power were given him, to visit me. Will he come ? A cold sensation, by no means akin to fear-those who have experienced it alone know the difference- stole over nie as I glanced round the studio. At the same instant the fire falling together, threw up a slight rush of flame. I saw the room was as yet empty. I sunk back in my seat. After what has happened in the past, I thought, ought I to believe in ghosts ? Was that a dream, a power of will only ? a coincidence ? To-night shall prove it. Will my visitor come ? While making a pedestrian tour through the south of France, with sketch-book and camp-stool, I had met Ernest Lestrange ; and, as travellers will, especially when of our sex and age, we had joined company. A love of art made us, at least in that sense, as one ; and the acquaintance thus formed grew rapidly into the strongest friendship. Why, would be difficult to say ; for no two were more dissimilar, except it is given to some persons to win the confidence of other people. This was a case with all my family ; the most reserved would become communicative to us !' and so, I suppose, it was that Ernest Lestrange told me much of himself, his late inherit- ance of his uncle David Lestrange's property and other mat- ters, that showed a trust and confidence in me that must have won a return, let alone that something about him which powerfully attracted me-an attraction rendered stronger by a deep pity; for it was plainly to be seen my friend had some serious trouble weighing upon his mind-a trouble which was blended with' mystery, shown in tho following fashion. Wherever we might be, in whatever company, even in mine, as soon as the hour of eleven arrived, he withdrew and passed the next half-hour alone. Bringing back the worn, haggard appearance of one who had undergone some fearful mental struggle or who had held converse with the dead. For some time I felt scarcely well enough acquainted to refer to the subject, but, as our friendship increased, I dared once to hint upon this singular behaviour. " Peace, peace, I entreat you," he interrupted almost with a cry, averting his face, which had turned livid, and making a movement of pain with his hand. " Of course you have noticed it ; but if our companionship is to continue, for the love of Heaven do not attempt to discover the cause-do not mention the subject again." Taking, I. pressed his hand, saying, "I will not, trust me, Lestrange." He looked upon me, ; there were tears in his eyes, " God bless you for those words," he replied ; " they fili me with pleasure. You are the only one for three years I have allowed myself to call friend. I love you as a brother. It would be sorrow insupportable for us to part." "Any reference to that subject never shall part us, Les- trange. Henceforth I will be mute," I answered, and turned the conversation. But I pondered long over this incident, and finally put my friend down-not exactly as a bona fide madman-but certainly as the victim of monomania, and of the most incurable description-religious-for bis talk on sacred mat- ters was peculiar and startling in a degree, while he dis- played a strangely sensitive fear regarding the disposal of his body after death. The incident I am about to relate will explain this more fully. It was on a splendid August evening when our clothes covered with dust, our knapsacks on our backs, and stout sticks in our hands, we came in sight of a small village cemetery, the sun was setting in a . vast expanse of brilliant red, dashed with long lines of gold, which, where blending with the blue, produced a delicate tint of green. All the western sky was ablaze with prismatic hues that, by con- trast, threw into softer shade the simple French graveyard nestling on the slope of a valley and half buried in trees. As we reached the latter, with a sigh of fatigue, for we had walked far, Ernest Lestrange unslinging his knapsack, leaned against the rustic gate which divided the cemetery from the road and said :-" Let us rest awhile Fred and watch that glorious sun sink to rest. Is it not grandly, magnificent? Who can wonder that man in the past, conscious in himself of a Creator, yet ignorant how to address Him, took yonder one of His greatest works and adored it as his only worthy representative." I saw my companion had fallen into one of his moralizing moods, so, willingly loosening my own knapsack, joined him. " Of what perfect peace do these graves speak," proceeded Ernest Lestrange, with a peculiar mournfulness in his tone as he extended his arm towards the grassy hillocks, each decked by loving hands with immortelles, symbolical of the after and eternal life. Here, the world's griefs and troubles are laid aside, our cares are over-who ought to fear the hour when it comes ? " No one truly," I replied; "yet the peacefullest of the churchyard which so affects us, arises chiefly from our own imagination. The soul, once fled, can in its joyous sense of freedom be little mindful how the disused casket is bestowed. " ' ' Do you really think that, Fred ! " exclaimed my companion in astonishment, as, dropping the pipe he had been about to light upon his knee, he gazed into my face. "Do you mean if your body were left to lie unburied you would not object ? " " Certainly not, other than for sanitary reasons," I laughed. " Then you believe the departed spirit would yet find rest in that case ?" " Assuredly." He remained gravely silent a space, then continued : " You do not credit the possibility of the dead returning to earth ?" "No; the ab-, no doubt, is full of disembodied spirits,but I do not believe they can make themselves visible to mortal eye." " If you were to see one," he said, " would that shake your scepticism?" "Most certainly." Again he paused, then continued: "Fred, my ideas are different to yours, mine are right, yours are wrong. Will you therefore do me a great favour ?" " Willingly, " I responded. " What is it ?" " To let me appear to you if I die first-to promise me if I die in any of these out of the way places, by accident or assassination, you will see my body has Christian burial, and is properly deposited in our family vault at Glenelvar," the request took me by surprise, and for a second I did not speak. " Have you not the courage 1 " he asked dejectedly. " I have," I answered. I could not have said no to that eager petition had it even been the contrary. "Come to me if you will, if you can, and if it be in my power you shall have the burial you desire." " God bless you-you have taken a great weight off my heart," he remarked; "but let us make the compact binding." Unhasping the gate as he spoke, he entered the cemetery. Seized by a fresh wonder I followed. Approaching a newly made grave, on which bloomed bright, sweet odoured. flowers, while on the plain white cross hung two wreaths of immortelles. Ernest Lestrange, kneeling on one side, motioned me to do the same on the other. On my com- plying, extending his hand over the grave he clasped mine. It was a solemn scene. In the gray twilight, the trees around heavy with rest, their tops only just tipped by the sun we could no longer see. We two knelt in the quiet cemetery by that freshly made grave. I vaguely felt the matter was going too far ; but I was helpless-I had no power to resist my friend. There was a pause, then his voice full, deep, and low, broke the silence, saying:-"I, Ernest Lestrauge here make oath that if I depart this life before Frederick Stangrove, I will appear to him in the spirit if it be permitted by heaven." Concluding he signed to me, and Isaid:-" I, Frederic Stan grove, here make oath to see that the body of my friend Ernest Lestrange, has Christian burial, if it be in my power and I survive him. No sooner had we arisen than he embraced me with effusion, then hurried from the place. When I followed, I never had seen him in better spirits ; he laughed and talked as if that strange scene had never been. A month later we had to separate, Ernest Lestrange being recalled to England on business respecting his estate, Glenelvar, which made his presence imperative. As I saw him off he made me give two promises, one was to remember my oath, the other to visit him in Scotland immediately -upon my return to England. Nearly a year, however, elapsed before I was able to keep my word, and it was December when I reached Glenelvar. It was a beautiful spot among the wildest and most picturesque portions of the Highlands, which in their attire of ice and snow came out magnificently. An old Scotch servant admitted mejit the large entrance door, but I saw nothing of Ernest Lestrange, which sur- prised me, remembering upon what very familiar terms we had been. A few moments explained. - . " Is Mr. Lestrange well ?" I enquired of the old man. "Aweel, he's just that so so," he answered shaking his gray head. "He's been expecting you, and glad he'll be, sir, you've come. " While speaking' he had advanced to the library door, and now opening it announced me. Never shall I forget the shock I received at the sight of my friend. A year ! nay, it might have been a dozen, so changed, so aged had he become since we parted. The/9 were streaks of gray perceptible in his dark hair, his cheeks were hollow, his eyes piercing and brilliant as one in the last stage of decline. Starting from his chair he greeted me, however, with all his usual warmth, even with fervour, but my spirit was all gone. "My dear Lestrange," I ejaculated with concern, "you have been ill. Why, old fellow, did you not write ?" " III! " heanswered, with a faint effort at a smile. " Indeed, you are mistaken-I have not been ill. " No, it \va3 not decline ; I read the truth, at least so I imagined, in those restless glittering eyes, which, with an expression that made my blood creep, ceaselessly wandered from object to object, as if beholding things hidden from others view. I could no longer doubt-Ernest Lestrange was mad. As the day advanced and I watched his behaviour, I became the more convinced of this. His evident delight at my arrival was shown by an exuberant, almost wild, merri- ment, which at intervals abruptly gave place to short silences of depression, when his features displayed melan- choly blended with fear, while his eyes would become fixed and his breast heave as if convulsed by sobs As supper drew near this decreased while his hilarity augmented, and recalling the mystery attached to the hour of eleven I awaited with some curiosity for it to arrive. Had that been among the changes, or would he quit me as usual ? I imagined not, he appeared so merry, but scarcely had the clock warned than he arose. " We must part now, old fellow," he said ; " I make it a practice when at Glenelvar to retire at eleven, I hope you don't object." I answered " No," and managed to catch his averted eye. It was enough. We understood each other. The mystery existed yet. I pressed his hand compassionately ; fer from my soul Ipitiedhim, and retired to my own room, not however to sleep, I could not. The hour for me was early, while my mind was too fully occupied by my poor friend ; I felt certain he was dying. Conscious I was sinking into a state of depression which would banish slumber entirely, I determined to go to the library for a book and read my ! brain into a state of calmness. Cautiously I opened the door, and in stockinged feet pro- ceeded along the corridor. The way led past Ernest Lestrange's apartment, and I was startled by hearing issuing from it the sounds of bitter sobs, low, muffled, but as heart- rending as a woman's in dire extremity. I paused involun- tarily and extended my hand towards the door, purposing to enter, when, in the dead silence of the night, these words reached me-" Oh ! Mabel, Mabel, be merciful ! Surely my punishment is more than I can bear." I drew my hand away, feeling my presence would give greater pain than relief, and, forgetting my book, crept back, awed, to my room, where I reflected long on the mystery shrouding my host. Was Ernest Lestrange a monomaniac? or was he over- shadowed by a crime? My mind had changed. I now believed the latter, or that the latter had led to the former. The next morning my friend's spirits were apparently better than the previous evening, and even had I contem- plated mentioning what I had heard, I should, seeing him, have lacked the courage. The day had dawned damp and cold, forbidding out-door exercise, so my host showed me over the house. It was a handsome old place, possessing a fine gallery of family portraits which apparently was a great pride to Lestrange. He could really trace his pedigree down to the Conqueror, and evidently found pleasure in recounting to me the history of each ancestor. Each, save one-the portrait of a fair girl of about eighteen, attired in the fashion of but a few years previously. Her hair was golden, her eyes of tenderest blue, while the sweetest, most bewitching smile quivered round the small rosebud mouth. I observed my host never even raised his eyes to this picture; that he avoided it. Had it to do with the mystery ? Curiosity urged me to try and learn. " Who is that ?" I asked. " What a lovely countenance ! " Ernest Lestrange's face flushed red, then changed as livid as death, while, turning quickly away, he replied, " That is a relative, a cousin, Mabel Cameron." Mabel ! Then it had to do with the mystery. What did it, what could it mean ? I perceived after this my friend was anxious to leave the gallery, and I did not stay him. During my visit only once did I enter it again. The weather having cleared after luncheon, we took a long ramble among the mountains, where I became so enamoured with the grandeur of the scenery as not only to let twilight overtake us, but also a snow-storm. There being no shelter near, and as to be benighted among the mountains was not a pleasant contemplation, we fairly took to our heels. We had just reached the boundary hedge of Glenelvar when ] happened to slip and seriously sprain my ankle. Ernest Lestrange showed the greatest concern and was kindness it- self. He declared I would never reach the house, which was yet a mile distant, and on my persisting to try, he said, after some hesitation, his voice sounding uncertain anti agitated, " There is a much shorter way through the planta- tion. I never go by it; it is dull and gloomy, but we mus! go to night ; it will save half the distance, as you will nol wait for further help." I could not demur, for my ankle was exceedingly painful, so accepting his arm he led me by a small wicket gate into s narrow path running through a plantation of Scotch firs and underwood. Sorry to have inconvenienced him, I tried tc make a jest of my accident until I became aware he made nc response to the humour. Turning, I looked upon /him : never had I beheld such a countenance. Even in th« twilight it startled and froze my blood. It was ghastly awful with the horror upon it. The lips were drawn bael and compressed ; the large, dark eyes were dilated and fixec before their owner as in a search after that they feared to see The expression chilled all power of speech, and wondering I could but look upon him. As we advanced, his pace be came quicker, as if he had forgotten me, while I could hea] his breathing short and laboured as one in suffering. Sud denly, when we had traversed about half the path, I becanu aware that Ernest Lestrange was trembling violently, anc his teeth striking sharply together, then he abruptly stopped and distinctly I caught the whispered words-" There-then -both." "You are ill, Ernest," I said, alarmed. "No, no," he interrupted almost fiercely; "it is the cold Come on. Quick ! quick ! " Tightly grasping my arm, with closed eyes, he hurriec along for the space of four or five yards, when, throwing uj his arms, uttering a wild cry, "Mabel, Mabel ! " he shriekec and fell insensible upon the ground. How, with my bad ankle, I managed to reach the hóus< and summon aid, I do not know ; but I did, and my frienc was carried to his bed, when, dismissing all the attendants I watched by Ernest Lestrange myself. It was an hour before he came to, and insensibility wai followed by a fit of violent hysterics, at the end of which hi became aware of my presence. Starting up he glared at mi like a madman. " Go !" he cried. " How dare you be here Spy. Go. It is all-all through you ! " I endeavoured to expostulate, but finding it only added t< his fury, thought it better to obey him. But I did not g< out of hearing until I was assured he was more composed when I went to my own room to attend to my ankle, whicl ; was much swollen. In half an hour I returned to my host'! chamber : to my surprise the door was open, I entered. Thi apartment was empty; fearful in his madness he might do himself a mischief, I resolved, despite his anger, to seek him, and for the purpose had proceeded along the corridor when I perceived a faint light issuing from under the door of the picture gallery. He was there. Advancing, I noiselessly opened the door and looked in. Yes, he was there. His lamp was placed on a bracket near, while he knelt before the picture of Mabel Cameron, his face buried in his hands, and sobbing bitterly. It was a grief I dared not interrupt, but stood concealed, mute, confounded, wondering. After a while he arose and walked rapidly to the far end of the gallery, where the dim shadows hid him from my view. I waited his return for nearly a quarter of an hour, when I was aroused by the quick beat of horse's hoofs in the grounds. I know not why, but I guessed it was my friend. .1 rushed to a window. Yes, over the whitened land Ernest Lestrange on horseback was riding at a headlong pace from Grlenelvar. Unable to do anything, I went back to my friend's room where I found a letter addressed to myself. It ran : " Forgive me, I dare not remain another night beneath the roof of Glenelvar. Why did we come through the planta- tion ? If you knew all you would pity me. You will think me mad-do so. Would to heaven I were. Forgive me, and remember your oath in the French cemetery. I will remem- ber mine. If I never see you again on earth, I will, if I may, visit you twelve months after my death and tell you what while in life I have sworn to reveal to no one. Farewell." I shall not enter into my feelings, my wonder at this increase of the mystery. I questioned whether I ought to quit Glenelvar or remain. The doubt was removed by my ankle which became so inflamed that medical aid was neces- sary and medical advice forbade my going. It was the third evening, Christmas eve in fact, when dozing on the sofa I had a strange dream. Yes ; dream I persist in calling it. A moment before it seemed I had, through my half closed eyes, been watching the "faces in the fire," when the ruddy glow gave place to the purest, brightest moonlight, reflecting upon mountains glistening with snowy crystals. The air was chill, but not a breeze stirred; the very atmosphere appeared frozen. I was contemplating the scene with admi- ration when I thought I felt a hand touch me. I turned and beheld again my own room, and standing by my side Ernest Lestrange. I made to rise, but his extended hand checked me. Then I perceived that about him which was not natural, and a fear possessed me. I sunk back helpless, my eyes riveted upon his features. Slowly raising his finger he pointed in front- my gaze followed the direction, and lo ! there again were the snow-clad mountains and the moonlight. My terror increased when as plainly as words spoken by mortal lips these reached me: "Go to the foot of Ben Neven, by the scathed fir. Bemember your oath." That last sentence aroused me-I leaped up with a cry the mountains, the moonlight had gone, I was in my own room by the cheerful fire. Was it a dream I had had ? Had Ernest Lestrange kept his oath? "If so, by heaven I will keep mine ; " I exclaimed, for I was much impressed by the vision. Rising, I rang the bell, when the old Scotch servant ap- peared I asked him if there was such a place as Ben Neven. " Sich a place ? Surely, yes. It's there where there's Neven Pass - -a dangerous spot eno' when the snaw's on the ground. Many's the life that has fled there, sir. " "Good heaven!" I ejaculated. "Douald," I then pro- ceeded, "I believe your master lies dead at its base. I have been warned so." I made the statement nervously, even in my excitement I fearing ridicule ; but I had forgotten that the Scotch High- landers are proverbial for belief in warnings, and, my tale told, I found Donald more certain that Ernest Lestrange had visited me than I was myself. With difficulty could I keep him from making the matter public, and setting out with me alone to Ben Neven, twelve miles distant. We reached a little hamlet within one of it late that night, where we slept, when the next morning-Christmas morning -taking guides we made our way through the heaps of drifted snow to the foot of Ben Neven. Eagerly I looked around. Yes ; there was the very scene I had beheld in my vision. Not an object was wanting, while low down-some seventy feet below the Pass-stood a scathed Scotch fir. With difficulty we made our way to it. At the spot we found the snow slightly raised. We removed it rapidly, my heart all in a tremble of expectancy and fear-where all had been true was this to be false ? No ! buried beneath the snow we came upon a horse and its rider, who had evidently fallen from the Pass above dead. I had no need to turn the white handsome face.up to look upon it. In the slight, graceful figure I had already recognised Ernest Lestrange. Sadly we (Donald and I) ac- companied our melancholy burthen back to Glenelvar, where, having summoned a second cousin of the dead man's the next heir-I waited, as I promised, to see my poor friend properly confided to the family vault, then returned to London, wondering if ever the mystery of Glenelvar, as I termed it, would be explained. In the bustle of business, however, the event had passed from my mind, save at rare intervals, until a year had elapsed, when on the Christmas Eve I have described already, as I sat by my studio fire recalling past events, the entire history and Ernest Lestrange's promise flashed across me. Will he come ? I repeated. Are such things really possible? Even ns the mental questions crossed my brain, the cold, strange air again passed over my hands and face, and some- thing seeming to whisper me I was no longer alone. I looked around. In the far corner of the studio hovered a hazy mist. Was it real ?. Was it imaginary ? I rubbed my eyes. It was real ! for it remained, and gradually took form the form of Ernest Lestrange as he had been in the flesh, only with a sadder, more ethereal, expression. As he ad- vanced to the table a peculiar lassitude crept over me. It i was not fear, but a want of vital power. I appeared, as it were, taken out of myself and ruled by another will. My eyes-my lips only retained motion, and I whispered, my voice sounding in my own ears far away as if in a different sphere. " You have come, Ernest Lestrange-you have kept your promise !" The spirit had taken the vacant chair opposite me, and now bending its sad eyes on mine, answered, "I have ; per- mission is given to some to become visible to those whom nature has endowed with the faculty of clairvoyance, as you are. I am here to keep my promise, and tell you now what I dared not reveal while living. Are you prepared ?" I bowed my head, whereupon the spirit of Ernest Les- trange at once began. " Three years before I met you," he said, "I had inherited Glenelvar by my uncle's death. In his will he made me an earnest request-that I should marry my cousin, Mabel Cameron, the daughter of a dead sister, and his by adoption. It was a request I only too -willingly complied -with ; for I loved her-loved her better than my life-nay, better than even my soul, and I held myself blessed in the belief that my affection was reciprocated. Our wedding day was fixed, when- (the spirit pausing raised its hands, with a bitter cry, to its sad face, then proceeded)-when I found her I loved was false. She had given her heart to another. I had my suspicions-my fury was aroused. One night when it was imagined we had all retired to rest, I watched her quit the house, and stole out after her. I followed into the plantation, and saw her in his arms-his- Jerrold Mardrake's. "I raised the gun I had seized as I passed through the hall, and in the moment of my indignation fired. I meant it for his heart. It pierced two-hers and his-and as the Glenelvar clock struck a quarter past eleven they dropped dead at my feet. " No sooner was the deed done than calmness succeeded delirium, and with horror I contemplated the act I had com- mitted. Horror yielded to the sense of self-preservation, and the desire to save the honour of my family from being dis- graced by the shadow of the scaffold. Fetching the proper tools, alone, in the dead of night, I dug a grave in the moist clay. By morning my crime was hidden. "The rumour went abroad that Mabel Cameron had fled to England with Jerrold Mardrake. I strengthened the belief, and the world pitied me while it blamed her ingratitude. "But now came the horrible punishment of my sin. Each night at the hour of their assassination, without fail, the two ? I had murdered visited me, and for half-an-hour held me spell-bound beneath their mute, stony, accusing gaze. I writhed, I struggled beneath it, as on the rack, but to escape was impossible-their power ruled mine ; I was helpless. " This was only one punishment. There was a second. One day I had been out shooting, and, returning late, came through the plantation. For the moment I had forgotten the ghastly deed I had committed there. It was awfully recalled to me by my dogs. They had been bounding and leaping in canine frolic on before, when suddenly they came flying back to me cowering at my feet, their eyes protruding, their lithe limbs trembling as with violent fear. I urged them on. They refused obedience. I looked around for the cause of their fright. Oh, heaven ! I discovered it. Over the double grave, which unconsciously I had approached, hovered a light, luminous vapour, which as I gazed took the forms of Mabel Cameron and Jerrold Mardrake. They were a barrier in my path I dared not pass. I stood a second paralyzed, the very hair on my head stirring with horror ; then, turning, I fled, followed readily by my dogs. "I spent the next day in a state of terror I cannot describe ; but, as night approached, a power I could not resist attracted me again to the spot. I tried to put the vision down to imagination ; for I knew many of the servants had traversed the path and seen nothing to prove this. Summoning all my courage, I walked rapidly on, my eyes shut ; for I thought if I were unaware of the direct spot and passed it it would act as a cure and I should not again be troubled. I had pro- ceeded resolutely for some yards when a fearful trembling seized me and my feet refused to move. I looked up ; I was on the grave itself, and they-Mabel and Jerrold Mardrake were on either side of me. Once more I fled, and have dared not, until I went with you, enter the plantation again. "The next night, when the attraction began to steal over me, I quitted Glenelvar, and from England proceeded to the Continent, where I met you. I had, however, left the planta- tion behind me, but not my nightly visitors; they f ollowed? they tortured me with their terrible eyes, and now, too, they had found voice. At each visit they warned me that my bones should remain uncoffined, even as theirs. Hence the promise I extorted from you"-the spirit paused-then added solemnly, " my compact is kept, Frederick Stangrove, keep vours." " Surely I have done so," I exclaimed quickly ; for I fancied the form of Ernest Lestrange grew fainter-" your body is coffined." With a sad smile he interrupted, slowly, shaking his head. " Go," he said, "to Glenelvar and look in the family vault." Having spoken those words he rose from his chair and exten- ded his thin, transparent hand towards me. For the firsttime I was possessed by fear ; I shrunk back uttering a great cry. Transient unconsciousness appeared to descend upon my brain, when I recovered I was in my chair, but the one opposite was empty. Had 1 been dreaming ? Had Ernest Lestrange's spirit really visited me ? I was so impressed that the latter was the case, that though the next day was Christmas I started for Glenelvar, and had a long interview with the owner. He listened quietly to my recital. He did not sneer at it as I imagined he might though he slightly, I saw, pooh poohed it in his own mind. "If this be true, Mr. Stangrove," he remarked ; "it is too late to punish the guilty, therefore, why make it public ? You were a friend to Ernest Lestrange, who we always fancied a bit of a madman-be so to his memory. I promised readily, but openly expressed a desire to put the vision I had seen to the test. "Oh, certainly; only let us make the investigation by ourselves and in secret." I could have no objection to this, and only taking the Scotch servant Donald into our confidence, we dug up the spot where I had witnessed Ernest Lestrange's singular behaviour. His words were verified. We found there the remains of two bodies-a man and woman's. The remnants of clothing told only too plainly that they were Jerrold Mardrake and Mabel Cameron. We, secretly obtained a coffin for the unfortunate lovers, and Mark Lestrange, summoning his brother, a clergyman, to Glenelvar, and recounting the sad past, the dead had the beautiful Protestant rite of burial performed over them. Before this, however, in company, with Mr. Lestrange I visited the vault where I had seen the body of my poor friend deposited. Again the ghost had spoken correctly. By some unaccount- able means, the coffin had fallen on the stone floor, and the lid breaking off, probably through the violence of the concussion, the corpse of Ernest Lestrange laid on the ground uncoffined. ! It was re-enclosed and now rests at peace, I trust, by the side of that bearing the name of Mabel Cameron, which, however, contains two bodies. VERY HUNGRY.-How hungry that man must have been who bolted his door. THE CLERK'S SATIRE.-The clergyman in a certain town having, as the custom is, published the banns of matrimony beUveen two persons, he was f ollowed by the clerk's reading the hymn beginning Avith these words "Deluded souls that dream of heaven ! " 