CATHOLIC EDUCATION -NO, V. i PASTORAL LETTER OF HIS Gf-RAOE \ .-.-; .ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN. ? Ro&EB; Bede, by tho Grace of God and the f ' Favour of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of ' j 'Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, ; ? Secular and Regular, and the Faithful of 1 ; the said Archdiocese, Health and Benediction : ' in the Lord. : : Reverend and Dear Brethren, and , Dear Children in Jesus Christ,— -Wo -have, seen-. how secularist education acts as a solvent of .Christi amcy.in its iceoier ana its ^trpngest 'form—; iji ! Protestant America,' . arid. in: .'patlidjjci Italy -y and that, '? were it allowed ? to ( . become ! universal, Christiairi' civiiizajbibn.', would gradually be svvept ' away,,. To. resist tiie argument' pf,'tiie .rack',! .the-, gibbet, and-. ,'the '[ timmb-Bere^^YeqvdvJBB heroic fortitude and.^supernatufal nerye^ and pliristi-, anifcy has resisted' it and pyerebmp! it, .'and hm; triumphed in the issue, Now tho ; Church has. to', meet the same foe 'in another ',', guise. ^ Many of ] her ' cliiidreh, will be lost ' iji the .cbnte^t'j ? ' but » sh e ..' will -still remain. Apart f r'om'thc^ promise' of our , iiord,' it'is^mqrany.imppssipi^ tion to take possession of the. ^rprld. ^Srror Is ever .' ephemeral, and always .local.'. ' Diseases, moral as well as physical, run their course. Theyj ' startle or terrify, as the case may bo, for a.thrio ';. but the most deadly and wide-spread .plague burns1 itself out. at last ; and man survives ancl lives ' on .', as 'if , nothing extraordinary had ? happened. ' So 'lyilTifc be with the .Catholic Church!, '. ' .. ,,, j But though the Church is' safe, gouls;are,in peril. : ( Our 'main anxiety is; , for them., ; They! have to be, saved one by one, ;' and ? our 'duty is to our ' own day and to,- bur own jDeoplev l'9ur.,duty, dearly beloved, is, to you. It is for ais^p expound^ to you, and impress upon you th& teaching- of the Church / it is, your part tp, be .docile , as children to their spiritual .mother. f! .',''.', .:..';; '' ,' '',, '..',' \\. ;' , ? ! Not' only as.,pKriiBtiaris,''but/.«i8\:(cit.iz'on8,!.',we' are ^profoundly interested.; in the'( education ques- tion. We/believe in natipnareducation! ; We dp! not believe in 'education', which is \ s^ctipnai, ,'iJl should; be treated 'equally, pr there' vr'ill be'.'np' peace. To pamper some children ; ind 'to ?';', starve' or ill-treat others, is to create grief .and. bitterneBs! in the 'household, and ,tli?re/^ili'.-;lje'.iip,'rest!iit]i.' things ,are changed, let us ,taice/-as .oxarnplea of wbTat'we' 'iheah^ the thi:ee great sjsterhs.' of '.'educa- tion,':' respectively,'' as they are ? at .present, in America;,' in Victoria,- and' in'; New; 'Soutli^W.iiie^,' By touching* bn'spnie ^^ of. their radical, defectsj.^e, sliall gradually' make 'our: meanihg'cleari. ! ' In '.thel first place take 'America. Here at once,' glaring' wrong presents itself.. ? ''''.'/ 1, '''/,,''' . '. '. ', ' ' Touching ? t pii ,'the miuBtice'.'dbne^ibat^oiics! by a school' system, jpf,' which \\\ they fcaniipt'^in conacience take 'advantage, ;' Ju^gp. ;Taf tj .of. OHio, says : 'This11 is;' too 'large ^,p,ircum8tarice'.to^b.Q' covered ^by tHo^ Latin .pliras.o' ' JDet'miipimis. nd»: cur at '? lex j \ These : Cdtliblics ' Xpaypg their portion ' of tho taxes)' 'are' 'conVtrainedj p.vory .yeari pn'v conscieri tibus^grbunds, ' 'to ' yield to osiers ^.theu; ! right to pne-third of ; the school mqriej, a sum averaging, at the 'present; ' tinie, about .^26^Op6 ? dollars ;every;year. ' That :is 'to ,''.8ti,y,' ^liese.'ppqiple'1 are 'punished every year,1 for .belieying as thiy do to; tlie .' extent of 20,000 ' dollars l; and ] to #iat ' extent 'tlidse of us :who send oiir ciiildren'tb these excellent' coinmion acnbols,' 'become beneficiaries, of the Catholic money. 'What 'a i' iiiames'. 'for,' Protestants to have their children educated by money robbed from Catholics !, Mercantile life i« supposed to cultivate, in some, a. relish. for: hard bargains. But if it were* business, matter,'.1 and not a matter of religious concern, cbulcl busi ness men bo found willing to exact such apecuniarj advantage as this? I think it . would shopk' the. secular conscience^! ' . ' .: Take, now , ' an illustratiori of the truth of the Judge's remark. The Public Sclipof Tax in Cincinnati, itil872, amounted to 810,000 dollars. Of this sum. the' Catholics contributed 230,000 dols, And what did they pay this for ? — for the education of other people's children in schools which, in conscience, they could not use ; and, whilst paying at the rate of 230,000 dollars a year for educating other people's children, they had also to pay for the education of thoir own. The Cathedral Parish of Cincinnati for example has to find 3,500 dollars a year to meet the current expenses of its own parochial schools ; and at the same time it has to support public schools of which it cannot take advantage. In 1868, the Catholico of New York, besides paying for tho schooling of other people's children? subscribed 132,000 dollars for the support of their own schools : having contributed a million and a quarter of dollars for buildings and for cites. The fact is, Catholics have found out, to their cont, that public schools do their children harm. ' We can say,' says Muller, ' that so far as our Catholic children are concerned, the work ings of our Public School system have proved, and do prove, highly detrimental to thoir faith and morals. So otrongly has tho conviction of this being impressed upon the minds both of the Pastor and parents, that most strenuous efforts, and oven enormous sacrifices have been made, and continue to bo made, in order to establish and support Catholic parochial schools. In many cities of the Union, there is, at the present moment, in daily attendance at these schools, an average number of between eighteen and twenty thousand children. Tho annual expense for the maintenance of theno achools docs not fall far short of one hundred 'thousand dollars ; while the amount expended for the purchase of lots and tho erection of proper fchoul buildings, con siderably exceeds a. million.' This American ayutcm may k-t for a time, but it cannot lust for ever. It is not national, nor is it jufjt ; and the time will conic when tho nation ?will reject it. i.NTow take 'Victoria, with it« system of thorough secularist education. Two vital energies will never s utter this syctcm to remain in peace. TJndorneath, as it were, the Catholic Church and tho Church of England are ever at work, agitat i ' ' ?ing; and threatening, and expressing a deep and. ? burning [sense of religious wrong. Dr. Moor- .': ?house, the Anglican bishop, has depictod both the-,. Catholic and the Protestant' feeling accurately and strongly. Regarding Catholics lie says, . 'They urge — -'We are a fourth of your com-.: nmnity j you take from us by force of law ar fourth part of the education grant for tho year, ? and then with that money which you have taken . ? from us you build and maintain schools to which wo cannot send our children without fears' for,.. ?' their salvation. If you will not listen to us we ,,-. will give you no rest. We will move Heaven and ,' earth to get rid of so crying an injustice. Wo will help any party, and take advantago of any-;, political troublo, which can be made instrumental, - , to our . purpose, till we have compelled you. to; : treat us as Christian freemen, and not as political ? .slaves,' That is the relation of the Roman!. Catholic to this law, as felt and stated by ... himself.'. ;??.....? -. . . , ,:,. .. ;',.„ '.^ : The Anglican Church is no less restless than/ th,e; Catholic. The Victorian Public Schools; - ? reject theBible,; which is ,-thei ;Protestant guide?; to heaven, as well as the ..'authority of the; Catholic,^ ;Ghuroh,,v Bpth'icuurchesiiarei'struck. in a.ivifcaVf part,' and j.:.bpth cqually.recpil from such ..crueity .; . ;andi in justice. -Dr., :MpPrhouae jadmirably , ei^ J presseBithe.Prptestarit, position when ho says ^.'.y ? .'fWhat.ijchtu'ph authority ;is.;; to \ the; RomanT. Catholic, jthc Bible.jis to us. , It is the. tpxt-,; book. :pf, pur;, morality, :;it; is:;,tlie baBisU!pf;i; i our teaching, \ it- .is.; the ^charter,:, of ':.- pur ,, ! dearest, h'ppes. . So long, then,; as you banish the.'j. Bible from your; schools, we believe, that., you; arc, failing in your duty ?' that you are not fiiifiliing. ', : the. condition on which your right, of intorferencp'r - is i .based j '.-/that you are not raising up .yirtuous'-,, citizens, but that, on; tho contrary,, by. withdraw-::-, ing all the higher motives :from tho;mind8 of pur;,J .children, / you are most Burely, however, uninten1 ?tionallyj preparing, for tis ;a future- of, .yice; con-/! fusion, .and disaster. : t Take avvayv the, Rpniaa.- Catholics, and we ProteBtantarepresent.mpre..thanr(, nine.-tenths, of ;ypur remaining '.subjects,-: and ^ve,-t7 demand that you shall : not take our money; frorn^;, us by«,act of .Parliament to; injure ?.'the'/cbaraqfce.rgf of our.childron. ? Give ub the Bible.in our .schoplajQ : taught jundenqminationaliy, by, , the sphqplmaBter^ as it is at? Home, and in. Holland,, and I think -^«y^ could cheerfully support the law.' ?, -.; .'. ., |l*Br, Does any : serious statesmanimagino thatthis' sjb*v- tern' whioh strikes at and even menaces the existence.' . of two Biicli powerful bodies as tho Church of Eng»' t laridi'and-the Catholic Church, and which lias many T enemies i-besideBj j will abide, and win its way in r general vesltimation? Its doom is sealed, it is constructdd'- on a ; radically wrong principle ; it cuts? across the religious grain of largo conscien tious -'sections' of the people, and eventually they wilLprovethe stronger, and they will obtain their obvious rights, i* : .Turn -to New South Wales. Take our school : ByBtein.n; How -do'tho two churches look upon it ? Does-:, it thwart them in their legitimate aspira tions, or doithem even-handed justice ? The senses of the Synod of tho Church of Eng land'1 is* contained in the following words, which ' form the first part of its first resolution, thirty clergymen boing in favour of it, and only seven against it. It runs thus — ' This Synod expresses its- satisfaction- with the utterance of tho Presi dent on the subject of primary education in church Bchool8, and trusts that the members of tlie=';church will support him in giving practical effects thereto.' Now what was tho utterance of the President ? His :Lordship expressed his mind with great dis tinctness by drawing a comparison between Public schools and Church of England schools. He said : 'I have always regarded, and do still regard, religious education in our Church of England schools ag of the greatest value to the' child and to the State. The defects of the Public school sj'stem may, to a certain extent, be met and supplied by such voluntary efforts as wo aro preparing to make in this diocese ; but the absence of prayer, the exclusion of the Scriptures as a book to bo read and explained by the teacher, and the entire separation of the religious from the secular instruction, aro very gravo omissions. In a well-conducted Church of England school the proceedings commence with a hymn and prayer, the Bible is the first book read, religious instruction is given b}' the teacher or the clergyman whose influence is on the side of order, reverenco, and submis sion to authority. The relative duties aro enforced upon the basis of the fear of G-od, and the love of Christ. There are many such schools in this diocese. There are many persons in this country who owe all their hopes of Heaven, as well as their well-being in life, to the principles' inculcated by tho clergy in Church of England schools. Can it bo a matter of wonder that wo should be unwilling to exchange these seminaries of sound and religious knowledge for prayorlcss acriptureless secular schools ? . . I shall nover cease to oppose tho abandonment of our own Church of England schools, and shall always re gard such an act as a misfortune where inevitable, and extremely mischiovous at tho present junc ture ? Education, to deservo the name, should be of tho wholo man — body, soul, and spirit. And as I believe that we of the Church of England in this colony are in a posi-. tion to train up good citizens, intelligent Chris tians, and attached momboro of our own com munion by means of our own schools, I feel bound by every tie of patriotism, Chris tianity, and churchmanBhip, to maintain these schools in existence and increased efiiciency.' Ponder now, upon the above solemn words. Draw out in your own intelligences the picture they represent of the two systems of education, and you will then understand how keen is tho feeling of serious, order-loving men with regard to prayerless, Hcripturclcss, uecular schools, arid how deeply they prize that education which - deals with the whole man, and which alone is worthy of the namo of education. No stronger words have yet been uttered in support of Denominational education than these words of the president — words with which .the Synod expressed itii formal entiof action — ' I 'fool bound by every tie of patriotism, Christianity, churchmanship, to maintain these schools in existence and increased efficiency.' If religion in this colony were confined to that professed by the Church of England, there would bo little difficulty in providing Public ? schools with all the requirements which ?would satisfy the leaders of that church But such is not the case. Catholics object to the Protestant Bible, whether mutilated or not. Secularists object to botli prayer and religious instructions in Public ochools ; Jews do not be lieve in Christ's Divinity, or in the inspiration of the New Testament ; Unitarians deny the per sonality of the Holy Ghost ; Rationalists the inspiration of both Testaments, and Nothingarians the existence of Almighty G-od. 'With such glaring fundamental contradictions, one section of the community cannot legislate for the other as to what religion should to taught in Public Schools. In fact, where there are many creeds, the attempt to find such a modicum of religion us will please all creeds, has always failed, and will always fail. ' What wo call ' the religious diffi culty,1 ' says Eraser, ' emerges where the popu lation is divided between Catholics and Protes tants, and where the children in the schools are mixed in a similar way. In such cases, as we have found almost everywhere else, re ligious instruction goes to the wall. The susceptibilities both of parents and of sects on this point are so keen, that, to avoid offences, that branch of the teaching is aban doned. . altogether. Mixed schools, with re ligious instruction occupying a definite place in thoir programme), are phenomena hardly to be met with on tho American continent. No com promise and no comprehension have yet been discovered sufficiently skilful to appease, or suffi ciently, tolerant to embrace tho mutual jealousies of . Christian communities. It was so in the Tfuitod;'i^fcatbs|,: it, was; so, though less pro minently,! in .Upper Canada ; it is ;so, though in BbUL smaller proportions, hero. It looks almost lilTo a law of human nature that it shall be . so everywhere.' Lord Shaftesbury brought out the rationale of this; very forcibly when ho said ' ho would imagine, a caso which might easily occur. He wpuld imagine' three children sitting side by side', one a member of the Church of England, anpthor a child of Socinian parents, the third a child born of Jewish parents. Let those three ' children read together in school, during tho time of general instruction, some particular portion of the Bible, supnose the fifty-third chapter of Isaiah. Let those children be taken away immediately after, for the purpose of opeeial [instruction, eacli from his own .minister. What would be the effect on the minds of those three children ? The child of the Church of England would learn the great, neces sary, and saving truth in which nine-tenths of tho communty agree. The Socinian child would be taught that what the Church of England child belioved was most gross error, and that the person to whom the prophecy referred was, in fact.no better than a mere man. And the Jewish child would be taught to believe, that; the whole thing, from first to last, was an absolute imposi tion. It was impossible: that the$e(childreri*could think any belief established or certain. The rosult would be universal, scepticism,1 or a uni versal belief that there ,was .nothing,: necessary — nothing certain.' :-,,.,.. * '?? Suppose, instead . of ..these three children be ing ' taken away ' ;for.;spqoia| .[^cHgious- in struction, that they were conducted into three separate class-rooms under the same roof and taught three opposite J dgctriftes 'Jon fa fundamental point of .Qhiristiamhy, would they not immediately iift;er-1cp,mp,ate;nbheab-aiid ;.draw \ their own .Hi»yit*|-iejjqonclU'»ion?^?;'r-;,|\y'bul;d''' not tho evil reh'urro'l to !)r,-^9V4; Suaftoabury be in tensified, iiiul ..would , no/-, jt he seeds' of ; Scepticism bO^'SOWn?.,' .,. ?. '. ..' '?;,.. .?.?.?.?:;?? .:? ' ' ? . .Butit may be ' i'-l. : li.it-- this method of educa tion if it weaken faun, uiii.ilo away with ' bitter ness' , and ' sectarian animosity.' We believe this method will indefinitely increase such, an evil. And ovir opinion is confirmed by a solemn and formal utterance of the clergy of tho Angli can- Church. In their 'Memorandum,' pub lished by our leading newspaper, October 11, 1866, wo find the following weighty declaration upon this ' most important subject. ' It is alleged,' they say, ' that the Bill recognizes the necessity of religious instruction, and secures ample scope for it. But while wo accept tho admission of the necessity of religious instruction, wo are firmly persuaded that the proposed arrangements for its being imparted will be found impracticable ; and if attempted will prove far more productive of sectarian jealousy and ani-r mbsity than the system under which our schools areat present conducted. ; ..' William M. Cowper Percy J. Smith 'William Stack E. M. Saliniere ' Edward Rogers W. J. G-unther A. H. Stephen G. II. Moreton V II. S. King Thomas O'Reilly 'Thomas Hayden G. Vidal.' v 'Thomas Smith .'Thero is no doubt that in proportion as indif ferehtism and infidelity increase in that very samo proportion Christian charity will diminish : for none are so bitter or so tyrannical as mon who ave free from those restraints on anger and ill- will which arc the absolute creation of tho Christian dispensation. Indeed, those thirteen Anglican Clergymen, in their Memorandum, give expression to their profound objec tion to tho present system in the following words : ' We desire,' they say, ' to have a sufficient guarantee that the character and principles of tho teachers in our schools are such as we can approve and have confidence in, that tho schools in which the children of our people are taught should have tho benefit of ouv influ ence, our aid, and om- supervision,' ' We are at a loss,' they say, with admirable boldness, ' to imagine on what prinoiplo it in assumed that tho State has a mission to odueato tho children of tho people in roading, writing, and arithmetic, and tho liko, and thero to stop short — refusing to aid in imparting to the youthful mind those principles of Christianity which are the .-foundation of pub lic morality and conduce most of all to peace, righteousness, good order, and good govern ment.' But apart from this, to attempt tho inpracticable in ' prayerless, soripturelcss, secular schools,' with tho conviction that such an attempt will issue in far mare sectarian jealousy and animo sity thnn ever, ia move than discouraging, it is absolutely disheartening. Such a position, as is implied by this, is as unbearable as it is untenable ; and we may say broadly, with out much fear of contradiction, that, a3 a body, the Church of England in New South Wales, is ill at ease, and must be so-, under the present condition of affairs. Tho Catholic Church has spoken out too clearly and emphatically to be misunderstood. Thus the two Churches would hail a change for the better with delight. Added to these we have that vigorous party which advocates secular, compulsory, and free education, as opposed to the present system. Surety at least 75 per cent, of the nation is dis satisfied with things as they are ? Now, how can that bo called a National System of Education which goes against the grain of the majority of the nation ? It is rather a Sectional System which the nation has adopted for the time. What is not based upon even handed justice is based upon unrest. What is not in uquilibrium will not maintain its ab normal position long. Statesmen who build their reputation upon a scheme which is not per fectly equitable all round, especially in matters touching on such a vital questian as religion, are building their reputation upon the sand. Justice alone endures, and, like water, will find the level of perfect equity and equality. There are two pbwerfnl churches in the land ; you cannot ignore them and legislate as if they did not exist. You have a strong party in favour of Public schools as, they are, let that party have such schools ; you have others who wish for adsolute secularism ; let their conscience be respected. Why not ex change our present narrow and sectional system for a national one, and take into account, and not ignore, the great powers that you are bound to deal with, and treat all equally and alike ? A national system is that which fits in witli tho main characteristics of the nation ; it does not consist in beating all differences flat with the ground, but in respecting essential differences, and in legislating for them. 'Where the Catho lic and- the Protestant, the Jew and the Secularist, feel that they can educate their children under the full influence of their respective creeds, where they feel that no one amongst them is more favoured in any respect than the other ; where each receives equal help, after paying equal taxes, and all the children are grounded at school in the teachings of their fathers ; where the main masses of the community are hence at peace regarding the Education Question — there is to be found, with out dispute, a National System of education. In America, in Victoria, and in New South Wales, the system is Sectional, not National. There is no equality. One portion of the nation is keep ing the other down. Here the system is Sec tional in the extreme. It is the very reverse of of National. Nor can it remain as it is. Time must change it. Justice will find her place. Then the secularist and the non-conformist will have no reason to complain, unless they wish to force their yoke on the necks of others. The Catholic will not be jealous of the Anglican, nor the Jew of either — all will feel that, whilst they are bringing up their children in schools filled with the spirit of their especial creed, they are, at the same time, equally assisted by the ' State for secular instruction, as tested by Government Inspectors. Thus, both science and religion will prosper. A slur will be cast on neither. One man will not unweave what another man has weaved under the same roof ; and children will grow up with some respect for a religion and morality, which they found, from their early infancy, so tenderly guarded. Our present ' Public schools ' would thus no longer be, as they are now, practically, the schools of a section of the community, paid for by the nation : they would take their place in the ranks with others, and bo treated exactl}' as the rest. This would not be returning to Denominationalisrn, but it would be equalizing it. To all intents and purposes Public schools are strictly Denomina tional schools. Certain sections believe in them, and use them : the rest do not be lieve in them, and will not use them, if they can help it, though they have to pay for them. To call a school 'public' does not make it a public school. A thing can bo called by any name. A public school is that to which the nation can, in good conscience, send its children, irrespective of creed. With our Public schools this is not the case. Therefore, they are not public schools, but private schools, or schools of a section, paid for by the public. Let the public pay, not for the schools of one section, but for the schools of all sections, according to secular results. Then education would bo National, and each section of which the nation is composed would receive, in matters of education and religion, exactly tho same treat ment as tho other. Thus tho various powers in tho body politic would add strength to the whole. In place of a principle of wrench and dislocation, as .wo have at present, we Bhould re joice in a principle of unity and in a bond of brotherhood, which would render tho nation strong and happy, because contented ; and the ceaseless cry for justice, and equality would givo way to mutual congratulations. Wo could not imagine any fame moro to bo envied than that of legislators who, seeing tho present condition of affairs, should apply their experience and thoir gonius to remedy it ; and who, aiming at oven handed justico should deal it out with a strong and loving hand oqually to all the people of the land. Such men would leave lasting names, for their names would be inextricably interwoven with that of justico, which is imperishable. True, tho nation, b}rj['iis representatives, has, for tho moment, adopted tho present system ; but a system is not necessarily National because the nation has adopted it ;' otherwise, even the most sectarian system, provided one nation had adopted it, would be equally national with one eminently the reverse, which had been adopted by another nation. No ! National means em bracing fairly and equitably all the units of which the nation is composed, and punishing none, making 'political slaves ' of none, on account of their conscientious religious principles. Things may be worse before they are better ; but the day will come when justice and fair play will triumph in thig land : when great bodies of Christians, who now seem half asleep, will bestir themselves ; and when the nation will reject this wretched Sectionalism, and givo happiness and peace to every honest man, by adopting in its place a genuine system of National Education. Meanwhile, 'If it be possible, as much as is in you, have peace with all men. Not revenging yourselves ; but give place unto wrath, for it is written : Revenge to^me, I will repay, saith the Lord. But if thy enemy be liungry, give him to eat ; if he thirst, give him to drink. For, doing this, thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head. Be. not overcome by evil, but overcome evil by good.' (Romans, chap, xii., 18, 19, 20, 21.) Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all Churches and Chapels of the Archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, October 12, 1S79. : ROGER BEDE. Aechbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. 