AMUSEMENTS. It will ho noticed with much pleasure that the en gagement of Xliss Dargon has been extended for six nights ; so, even if we will not be able to see her Elizabeth again— for it was performed finally last night with the usuaJ great effect by ajl concerned. the star especially, — fit any rate wo shall he afforded opportunities of sc< big that grand aud most accom plished actress in a few other parts. To-night the Hibernian melodrama, "Ireland as it was," is to be produced, Xliss Dargon appearing us Judy O'Trott. The representation of this character by Xliss Dargon is said to be particularly fine, and there is little doubt, affording as it does lunch seojm for tho dis play of Xliss Dargon'.-, comedy qualifications, and all who have seen iier in comedy know how groat those qualifications are, that the production of this capital old comic drama w ill be very enjoyable. It will be preceded by " Our Wife," in which XIr. H. H. X'incent iffll reappear. That vers' pretty and interesting comedy "Alone," with the "DeerslajeiV again consitituted the pro gramme at the Victoria Theatre last night. Every imiidcnt in both dramas wont with capital effect and the performance was entirely successful. It wilt be repeated to-night; anctfbr Monday night "Tea Nights in a Barroom " is underlined. Xttesrs. Baker and Farron still perform " Conrad and Lizette" at the Queen's Theatre, and the success of that drama is such that there is Jittle necessity yet to announce any change. It is popular, and there fore meets all the requirements of amusement-seek ers, and has, consequently, entered iq>oii a career of success of no limited extent. It is announced for repetition to-night.. Tlie new programme of the Froliques, at tho Guild Hall, is a long way yet from being on the wane as regards popularity, and last evening eaeli item was demonstratively received. Mr. Osborne, the latest addition to the comprny, sings " Nelly Ray " very tastefully in the opening part, and his baritone voice blonds admirably in the various choruses. Reed is inimitable in the several farces, and his vagaries are capitally backed) up by the quaint humour of Gilbert, and: the acting of Cummings and Harrington. These latter gentlemen are remark ably clever in., their dancing and business in their negro specialities. Xliss Lottie Elliott's ap pearance is always the signal for an outburst of .-mnbnise. and the audiences do not seem to care to part with that young lady when ones she appears upon the stage." Zitella's character songs are well received, and the ballads of both Xliss Ainsworth anil Miss Godfrey are very sweetly rendered. The programme will tie repeated this evening. Last evening was the last appearance of the Kelly and Leou'troufie' at the School of Arts, and the fare well benefit of Mt. Leon, whesi a monster programme was gone through. Thefirst par:, comprised nil Etliio- .pian sketch, entitled "Lazy Richard," in which the characters were well sustained by .Messrs. Lester, Ball, and Osliorne : after which Xtiss Eva Davenport sung Bishop's. Ten mi nil ballad, " .Should lie upbraid." Japanese Tommy reappeared as the pocket Sims Reeves; " There is no harm in kissing," ba the beneticiare ; XIr. F. Dawson gave, by re quest, a selection from " Xlaritana," "A dower that bloometh?" and concluded 'with one of Xtr. Edwin Lester's amusing burlesque songs, which, of course, required to be repeated. The second part cou ntered of the- amusing coinedv of " Baby," tlie cast being the same as during the iveek. but going off even better th.nn it had done previously. Tlie tliird part, and condudimr, was Aral A'ose's ventriloquial enter tainment, which was productive of the usual amount 'ot mirth.. Professor Pepper will make his first appearance at the School of Arts to-night. Among tlie most illustrious members of Die scientific world, and of that section of it particularly who make it their object to speak plainly and simply on important and difficult subjects to plain and simple people, Professor Pepper holds nil exalted position. His lecturos have entertained thousands, and his inlluence has been felt iu most of tlie English-speaking countries of tlie world. After an education of a very superior character, wliieli .was arranged to meet his very pronounced leaning 'towards science, Professor Pepper made his first ap- puamnce as a lecturer at Grainger's Medical College on the subjects of chemistry find physics. He very soon acquired for himself a position and name of acknowledged prominence and pre-eminence, from his clear, unaffected, and simple manner of explain ing the subjects of iiis discourses. From 1810, when the ltoyat Polytechnic Institution in London was opened, during the period of over 80 years Professor Pepper has been before the publics of England and America as a scieiiuuc lecturer and general contributor to their entertainment aud instruction. AVith tlie Polytechnic, however, the name of Professor Pepper is most familiarly associ ated, and the wonders ho has at various times effected in that institution have .continually been heard of, and been matters of surprise throughout the world. Here tho celebrated ghost illusion, which proved so very popular in London and the States, was shown, anil a number of other clever tricks and illusions were performed aud presented. The latest invention of the professor is an illusion entitled, " The Xtodera Xletempsycbosis," and by all accounts it is of a very marvellous character indeed. Professor Popper purposes commencing his season, which opens to-night, with an entertainment consisting of a lecture on light and the new illusion, " The Modern .Metempsychosis," already alluded to. The lecture is to be freely illustrated by means of experiments, and the. addition of the great illusion makes tlie programme offered to bis visitors to-night of a very attractive kitul. As it is instructive as well as euturtaining it should be well patronised. A very attractive progf-arame is announced for the English Circus to-night." Barry O'Neill, tlie comique, lias been engaged ; and will appear, and Xtiulamc Lo Lo do Glorian, whose fame as _ a female jester is now firmly established, will give her witty political, alphabetical, and local _ songs. The programme will conclude with Turpin's Ride to X'ojk, the cast being the same_ as on the previous Saturday, aiul XIr. King taking the part of the hero. This afternoon there will tie a performance at 2 o'clock, when the children's favourite fairy spectacle " Cinderella," will be pre sented. A complete change of performance is to bo given to-niglit at Bnrton's circus, and some striking novel ties will be introduced, amongst them " The Mystic Chain." The wonderful feats of horsemanship and gynmnstics for which XIr. Burton's troupe are remark- aide.' will receive every possible display, and a crowded house may be anticipated. The usual after noon performance will take place at two o'clock, 