spiritualism, ' t Tho Rov. Mr.,Storio delivered,; last night "in St/ Andrew's Cliurch, tho sccond of liis advortised , courses; on this subjcot;! jHis special tlicmo was " Spiritualism as viowed and judged in, tho light, of the world's past history.'! Tho -texts'- fromwhich. lie pro posed. to speak were twbLuko; xvi.,! 30, Genesio v., .4, 'Ho/recapitulated thp .leading views of his ; last lecture.! ; Ho had dcinoti- strdtcd by , a jSprics. of telling oxtrqets-tho auti-Christiau tondonoy of theso now rove-, lationa, that through' spirit 'and ' nicdium they /wore ; undonniniiig, '.and1' 'deliberately intended to undbrmino' tho Christian fnitli,, first tby donying tho miraculous truth, tlio, trap Godhead, and tlio truo sacrifice of 'our Tcdeoming Lord; and doaling with Him as only a great or tho greatest medium; seconds by denying tlio distinct personality and the Divine existence of tho Holy Ghost ; third, by donying. the yorv Being .of a personal God, 'or tnat it 'Hvilr long' continue toi bo recognised tns tho . intelligent -..duty | of cuturod -men' 'to' 'iicknowlodgo "or wor ship a Divine- Majesty,, and .that prayer is! evoninoww known/to' bo1 answered, not by any living- God,- but by tho agonoyj of.1 ; sympathising domons.n Ho had shown, tooj' that theso revolutions— some! of thoni j pro fessing to come from tho dead — apeak ofi no heavon, no hollr no resurrection, no presohco of Christ, no vision of God ; but that thoy tell of the iinscou world as composed of dis embodied spirits, whore, if pure, thoy onjoy a bright nud boatifie elvsium, if impure,' in somo lower sphoro, dark and unhappy ; but if neither, they may : yet : emerge - through repentance j. neoding no oxpiation boyond their present agonies ; and hearing no voice of intrcy from God, -. aud dreading no sum mons to His judgment. It was botug boldly proclaimed 'that tho Christian faith was appronching its last days'; that the old reve lations, woro;uow suspended ; tliat horo, at last, was this new thing in our midst, that was destined to put a now soul into belief, and usher in a resurrection day." 'The lec- turcr then proceeded to say that, in com mencing tlio subject of tho evening, there were two manifestations of lato - very prominent, that ho 'desired very- em phatically to . impress, as theso would bo found to einrgo, at the- close of his argument, as having boon dovo-" loped in :tho post, no results,' fearful,' unnatural, incestuous. . > . Theso were— first, tho power claimed for spirits to fashiou for themselves material bodies;, second, the loose . teaching in respect to morriago,and the doctrine and practice of spiritual marriage. In dealing with tho first, Jio quoted from a Christiau. writing in tlio second or third century, iu which tho. groat Spiritualist Simon Magus affirmed that tlio spirit of man cau suek in tho surrounding air like a gourd,1 convert , this nir. first into wqter, .then into blobd;and thensolidify tliat blood intohuman flesh andaliuman'body.;. .This described the action of spirits nearly' iis it was said to bo now — that, whcii admittted into closo' iutcrcourso with men and wombn," they as sumed ' not only humnirhands1 andliuinati .faces, but drawing into incorporated 'union with their spiritual essence material particles exhaled, from, the body and floating iu the . atmosphere, thoy fashionod forthemsclvos in some cases' entire human bodies, and of .. an aspect ; fascinating - and imposing. Bp this truo or. 5 fiilso, it . was indeed ' believed in dark ilavs goito by, and was being very earnestly proclaimed now. as one of the most important facts rib-discovered in this ago of advaucod intelligence. Ho quoted from tho "Angel's Mcssago," depicting tho fond ioterconrao botweon a 'young female and! a demon representing tho spirit of lier mother. VSho bad receivcd tho ardent caresses of her loved spirit mother. Slio was palpably em braced. Plaiply did sho perceive that ardent sphere of lovo; palpably did she feel the: hviug breath.; clearly did sho hear tho whis- ibring voicd, Sho also, received kisses on lor.forohead," ( Ho had recoivcd during the lost weok'b visit from a lady,' who related to him in detail, a sconce in Paris, affwliieh she was brought into contact, both montel aiid. bodily, with a powerful and -mysterious in-' fluoiico, professing to bo tho spiritual; in part ' tho rcincarriatoi prcsoiico of lior (load hus band, and from tho fearful fascination of this belief this lady was rescued on by tho power of the word ;of -God and thoigraco of his Divino Spirit. The second manifesta tion .go. .nrommQnt ,of lato was thb lobso teaching' .in' rcspept , to , marriago.7,nndv tho doctrino and pinotiso of spiritual, marriage, that is marriago with demons Almost oycry iuapirational book was. tampering with ' the 'subject j - trancp' mediums , contihally do-, claiming on it, and its freoucnt diftcuiuiinn! exercising in many minds a powerful foaoina- tion. ijn the vory.faoe'of our- Iiord's oxpress declarations, theso spiritnal teachors . were iproclaimiug that the marriage of; male ami female, is the 'groat , institution of the life to come ; .tliat every, individual -horoyas onoin affinity. ; . tho soparated half who will bo Ids' or hor spouso eternally ; that In tho prcsont time .tliore aro frcnuont mistakos '; thosowlib woro not spiritual affinities, if joined. 'horo, were.unablo toagreo and live in.union; ;This was no, sin, but a# mistake and u misfortuno to be. put;;riglib in. the spirit land ; nay,rits correction miglit and ought , to bogiu-horo and now. . Many Spiritualists were going in for free lovo, .- V Tim churches wore entirely' in the wrong, in asserting, timt their ' own ntes J wore sufficient 'to constitute a. mariingo. Affection -"niid' 'affinity 1 wore indispensible, I beliovo that tho ; adventi tious -sanctity < 'of- marriago derived ' froin, ecclesiastical ooromonics - is doomed to iop jgnorca by coming generations, j Of all tho -mischievous inventions. ;blnsphomously. ascribed to tho Almighty, I, doubt if thorobe ono more niischiovous than .tho text which asserts that.thoro iB.no marriage in heaveni" From this false theory there was oinanatiug rtho still more fearful doctrine that the. truo 'spouses'of many were In the spirit land,' and! and tliat.not, only ..its. preliminaries, but1its' consumaition might bo- oflfeotcdin this lifo, before leaving, tlio spirit land. Many- were reported receiving visits ;and>communioa-' tions from theso spiritual boings with whom' thoy were to bo united for! over. Here was a book " Au Angels Message," claiming to be communications from a departed man who nffims that ho lias become an angel to an English lady, his destined eternal bride.- Tho rev... 'gentleman read somo'passages. . Ho' stated that tho realization of all tins ' had :alrendy,8o:far advanced thatthcceromonious, marriage of a woman to adoinon was a thing- not unknown in the United States,,,. And: ho fro,n »n inspirational, poem by T. L, Harris, on tho spirit ; marriago arid tho voluptuous swcotiiesH of the marriago joy." , Having clearly, sot forth; these ! o fts, Wing on thTiTTTiT5515® olinrnotcr of tho ilcclnro thomwlvc, thJ . '-f- T|H of dopartecl frimA. Plnl' niothor,' cliil'l. T| t\J ning, crafty Ii,.0f holl n. 'H from tins life inav itiH lookofdrXX MtolM long dear. l)„t „ „„ Bono fororor j goao U1I tlio parable of ""i1""1"® the Lord has firmlytSwi'V « spirits— if spirits thoy hei' '«/ confession of this lm. I , spirit in No, v York naino of tho Son of God « J" mnntoations of SiiiritusnLi''lB domona ? Tlio ««?"»'> Biblo guides nccromanccn isii0- to go thoro I" -a the ranimxlion da<i. i„ Lord, is thoro a good Bniril— A H doqartcd Christiau-among and writing sp rita 1" v„8. , might hol,LCm,raot'hrr' B boings ; all nations hud aMonffal;H nrtiolo of their faith. p,S f"® I fHa 1'j-thon Sa > V, v 1110 ,ftwa 80 strinccnt u a - r " Mlm 8001 that tS-rJM aB familiar > spirits. I evm .,i against that aonl, and will among his pooplo; a man > th.Hhjth,1M spirit shall suroly ho nut shall stono him with stonu " tfe 'H > vory law nil oxpress declaration M of tho possibility but of tho aitril jfl > auol, con,, octiaii? T|10 kclu" aW 01188 tho moaning of thotwoIfeW® > Chnrtiimmim and ShoelM- lie h i snored BcnbeB " ho idontiGed rfl writing > medium J tho secona suitor of domona, ono "hoviir.H bar spirit ' possessed > hj ti,l and inspired or having that « ! certain conditions, in8 anbjccC B > oommumon. ; Theso wore folhiSM in tlio . church, or in tho land oiSB > looturor thou took up tho caso ol tbfl of Endor fallowed what this vordlfl > Aiudor, ' tho well of tho circle alio,- standing within this maim S > profession to summon the dead fromitUo notlier Hades a (Urk'ipS foretold to > the wretched kins. ttetH Ins. sons would bo in that i£etcWfl ynth him on > tlio morrow. Then ruH no warrant to believe that a sincleSB soul bad ever > returned from the warn, to reclaim, or to doom thriH . arP-.(lcftl,ng iWth > under ttiH name, of Smntualisin, or iMcdiumshi'oM reality notlung else tliau > a delibcrateisH ccited invitation of demons-ot hichH or of low to human > familiarity and .friendship. It was no now phase rf 11 oxpcnonce. It had > beeii ail rchutidH fearful. drama. In one of its pastil world had already > seen it, begun ii'fl delusion, and played out to its taH issues.' -That- age > was tho age 9 tho flood., "Thoro wore gianti earth in thoso days bat the > woro not men ; thoy were X Jl that is, thoy wero fallen beingi j aagtfaH > fell from Heaven. Tliey are nantdrH of God ; that name was found o&knfl; > placos beside, and in all the four-JH u, 1, Dan. iii, 25— it designated ifl > fallen or unfallen. These "Sons ofcH then who entered into marriage mnl tho > daughters of men were angelic by nature, but had fallen into a kH and > .deeper apostacy. There spiritual affinities, with which ufl women > impressionnte 1x>1d, or iH mental . wero lod, by itoctrincj .marriage . > identical with those S promulgated in our own days, to cotS what tlisy were > induced to believe vmH destined nnd eternal unions ; unions carnal, hut > spiritual and carnal fen could angels become men? Have aottH modern > revivalists of antedclurian have thoy not taught us the reply, theH mode. of > tlio formation of corporeal kdH The offspring of these unions of crihfl and > spirit-born natures was, as nifl anticipated, as now and gratifying ill > combination ivas new and forbidden, fl who 'w.cro giants, not only mtaH > superior stature and prodigious itrafl but of surpassing intellect, andapUfl > ( science, that reared its licad in presaa;-tH contempt of heaven. And the > end « fl infatuated career of spiritualism we kufl the interposing veugeance > of a long-a&H; and indignant God. Nature had brotaH bounds ; the nature of > spirits, the nifcS man, and destruction' came down a H Tho giant offspring— > tho Kcphaim-utfl among tho lowest dead, Job xxvi, 6, Re?® 18, ix, 18, the > angels that kept noitfl first cBtate,- bub foil into fleshly sinriikefl sin > of Sodom, aro cast down to lladH served in everlasting chains in Tatfcfl > unto tho judgmout of the great day. Jfl v, G, 7, 2nd. Pet. ii, 4, Gd— And > the ruH man, debased with fleshly rices andifl with spiritual pride, tho God > who eaM swept with a flood from tlio polluted ofl Th'csb things of a post > dispensation been sot forth in tlio living page of Gfl word for nn example on whom tne aan«« days of this closing ago aro come.- 