A fc>L' EGTRA.L BAKER. (1'KOM Till-: NKW YOliK TIMES ) The ancients firmly believed in .a place of future punishment. When wo remember that their method of conversation was to con stantly remark, " What, ho! my Balbiis,"ami " Thou sivycst truly, my Sallui-t," we at oiico perceive that they must have bored one anot her to that extent that -nothing less than a belief in Tartarus con d have given them any comfort. It was held by all classic .scientific persons and theologian .that Tartarus was situated ill thu centre of the earth, and that, rapid transit thereto was obtained by the way of volcanoes. Or course, with the progress of science, we have dis carded this cnido notion. We look upon thu volcano as a steam safety valve, and feel pei feotly certain that it has never been and never will be exposed to the risk of being choked up with tho souls of Western Democratic statesmen. And yet there are certain stories which the scientific persona cannot very well explain. IMany years ago an Italian vessel 'was' sailing near Straniboli, when from its deck, a particularly bad priest was seen sailing thro «gh the air in charge of a determined looking demon. The pair made straight for the mouth of Strainboli, and disappeared down tho crater, the bad priest 1 oudly protesting that he preferred to go home. The astonished spectators simul taneously consulted their watches and . noticed thu hour. On .arriving inpoittliey hastened to buy the fourth edition of the afternoon paper, and, looking at the list ui deaths, saw that tho priest had died precisely at the timu when they saw him navigating the air on his way to Straniboli. Now, en tho supposition that the ancients were right in their opinion that Straniboli is one of the gateways of Tartarus, this story is by 110 means incredible; but, if the ancients were wrong, it is inexplicable. The Scientific Person will take a short way out of tho difliculty by denying that tho crew of the vessel saw what they professed to have been, and will maintain that it is easier to supposo that they were all drunk than to suppose that tho soul of a bad priest was seen to descend into the crater. This,'however, will not be satisfactory to thinking men, and if they refuse to believe the story, they will prefer the more charitable theory that the vessel, its crew, and all the rest of the tale were invented by a paragraphist of tho period. , But now comes a fresh story which cannot bo thus put aside. A few weeks since mi Englishman, with his wife and children—the latter including quantities of grown-lio daughters—were on the summit of Vesuvius, accompanied by a number of guides. What they were doing we are not told, but beyond a doubt they wero engaged in roasting egga in the ashes—that being the sole object11<>1 which the .Neapolitan believes that English men ascend the mountain. Suddenly one of the daughters saw the baker who supplied them willi bread at their English home walk ing hurriedly towards the crater. She in stantly cried out, " l'apa, there is Harry." The father looked np, and perceivii.g the baker, who was close at hand, exclaimed: " JBIess my soul, it's 'Arry — Harry 1 mean. This is very liodd—1 should say odd." Simultaneously the Englishman's wife, and all his numerous children saw the baker, recognised him, and called him to explain :i what ever he had come there for.1"' The man paid 110 attention to their cails, but hurried on with a troubled expression on his face, and carrying under his arm a bundle, which, doubtless, consisted of heavy bread ov burnt tarts. Iveaching the brii.k of the crater, he sprang into the abyss and dis appeared from tho horriiied gaze of the English family. The guides who witnessed the all'air remarked to one another that the strange English lord must have been even more than usually mad to thus jump into t: e crater, but took no further interest m him. One of them consented, for a large bribe, lo climb a little way down tho crater ill search of the miserable baker, but was soon driven back by the smoke. Constantly ri-nmikiii" that " Arry's conduct w as niosthextraoidinaiy — that is extraordinary," the English traveller and his bioctl descended tho mountain and returned to their hotel. Three days later they learned by a letter that at the precise hour when they r/ere 011 tho mountain, the baker had died in his bed at his English home. Had one Englishman seen this remarkable vision, ivo might have said he was drunk or crazy ; but we cannot pretend that a whole English family, which, at a moderate estimate, probably consisted of a father, a mother, and twenty- seven unmarried daughters, wero all labouring under u [ delusion. Moreover, the guides saw the shadowy baker plunge into the crater, and are prepared for a reasonable compensation to make affidavits to that effect and to supplement them by appeals to tiie virgin and San Gennaro to certify to the truth of their statements. The evidence in support i t tho story is precisely alike in character to that which the average person who stays at homo has of the existence of acratefun the siumn.t of Vesuvius. A number of tourists ami guides assert that they h-tve seen the crater, if we believe tliem, why should we Hoc believe a number of tourists and a number of guides- who assert that they have seen tho ghost of ;\u English baker leap into >lu> crater] it will be readily acknowledged by all housekeepers that Vesuvius is peculiarly'' suited tu i ho average baker., if the wioiched " Harry" was like other bakers he must have constantly exasperated the British public by bringing morning muflins tliree hours after breakfast time, by serving sour and heavy biead, and by supplying innocent nurseries with wh"lly inedible tarts. There was a peculiar fitness in his fate. lie had burned tarts in his life time, and it was only fair that he should '' know how it was himseif'' — to use the familiar expression of lite late Mi-. Tweed. He had baked heavy bread, ami if his ghost was weighted with a bundle of such bread as a sinker poetic justice was observed. On the whole when we consider the evidence of the many witnesses on the mountain, and the undoubted titness of the crater as a final lodging for an habitual baker, the probability of the story seems to great too beoenied. It is hoped that American an well as Eng lish bakers will take warning. Like the plumbers, they have latterly taken great comfort in the encouraging theory of Col. Ingersoll. Here, however, is a signal refu- tation of the Western theologian's views. What, has happened to one baker may, and probably will, happen to others. That only one spectral priest of notoriously bad charac ter has been seen to be hurled into Stram boli, and that only one ghostly baker has been seen to descend into Vesuvius, is doubt less due to the fact that such, incidents usually take place at night. We may look to see a revival of faith in the classic opinion ;._a to tlio functions of volcanoes, ami an itn-, provement in the character of English bread and tarts, and in the punctuality of English bakers. O f course, scientific persons will af* feet to doubt the story of Harry's ghost, but they cannot overthrow evidence by mere impudent denial. 