ARRIVAL OF THE EUROPEAN MAIL. \-----o------ The following items of English news, received by the mail on Monday, have been culled from our files up to 22nd December last. The Imperial Parliament was opened on December 5, and the opposing forces in both Houses lost no time in putting themselves in battle array on the ques- tion of the policy of the Government in conneetion with the Afghan war. In the House of Lords on December 9th, Lord Cranbrook moved a resolution declaring the consent of the House to the revenues of India being applied to defray the expenses of the war in Af- ghanistan. He explained that there was a surplus of two millions in the Indian Exchequer, while the cost of the war would only be one million and a half. The Ameer's reply to the Ultimatum could not be received and the war must be prosecuted with vigour until the British and India arms were crowned with success. Viscount Halifax moved an amendment expres- sing regret that the conduct of the Go- vernment had unnecessarily engaged this country in the war. In the re- sult Lord Craubrook's motion was carried by 201 to 65. Majority for the Government 136. In the House of Commons, on the report of the address in reply to the Queen's speech, Mr. Whitbread moved an amendment, in the nature of a vote of censure, declaring that the House disapproved of the conduct of the Go- vernment, which had resulted in war with Afghanistan. The Government had fixed a quarrel on the weak, and by such conduct had brought about the war. The. debate lasted four nights, and when the House divided the num- bers were : — For Mr. Whitbread's motion, 227, against 328 ; majority for the Government, 101. The result was received with loud cheers from the Ministerial benches. It has been argued that if the Ameer had been loyal, no question of a rectification of frontier would have arisen. With a Russian mission at his back, with the promise, perhaps, of all needful assis- tance, this savage potentate thought he could defy the power of England, while in ignorance that he was playing the game of Russia in India, but the deep-laid plans of Afghanistan and of Russia were defeated by the prompt action of the Government in marching upon the Ameer's territory three hours after the period allowed for the Ulti- matum had expired. It was time for the country to speak out and the ma- jority for the Government shows that she cannot trifle with English interests with impunity. On December 12th considerable ex- citement was caused in London by the announcement that a man was in cus- tody on a charge of threatening the life of the Queen. The statement proved to be true; but there was this redeeming feature in connection with the matter that he proved to be of un- sound mind, and has been removed to a lunatic asylum. Mr. Edison's electric 'Iight is causing a profound sensation as likely to re- volutionise the present system of lighting. He is building a machine house which will, cost, £20,000. A trial of the electric light has been made on the Thames Embankment; and so successful has it been that it has been promptly followed by an equally satisfactory display on the Holborn viaduct. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge has been laid .up with a severe attack of gout and in conse- quence, was unable to go to Germany to attend the funeral of the much-lam ented Princess. Alice. At a meeting of the Eastern Exten- sion, Australasia, and China, Telegraph Company, limited, Mr. Bompass, the Company's solicitor, read the agree- ment for the construction of a second cable from Singapore direct to Banjoe- wangie, thence direct to Port Darwin, for an annual subsidy of £32,400 pay- able for 20 years. Also a second cable between Singapore and Penang. The cables to be open for communication within eight months from the date of signing the contract. The reduced rates for Press and Government mes- sages are to be reduced 75 and 50% respectively. The Admiralty have given up all hope of recovering the wreck Of the Van- guard. Arrangements are being made to blast the iron masts of the vessel, sel, which at present obstruct navigation. Torpedoes may possibly be used. There have been several paragraphs published lately upon the subject of the dress enforced by the various London banks upon their clerks. 1. — Messrs. Coutts & Co. do not allow their clerks to cultivate beards. 2.— Messrs. Hoare & Co. require the clerks to wear white- neckties. 3.— The "counter men" in the Bank of England wear black coats. The death is announced of the Bar- oness Theresa Von Barnim, once known as the celebrated dancer Theresa Els- sler. She was created a Baroness by the King of Prussia in 1850, on the occassion of her marriage with Prince- Adalbert of Prussia. Her sister; Fanny Elssler; is still living in the United States. Another military divorce suit, which will excite some interest, has just been entered for trial, and will be heard next sittings before a special jury. A court martial has already been held in regard to it. A thing singular and serious is said to have occurred last week at the quar- ters of a regiment stationed in the Eastern Counties. A number of " ghosts " have, as is known, lately in- fested the British army, and have seri- ously disturbed Thomas Atkins in his sentry-go. So the tale runs that one of these ghosts suddenly appeared and performed antics before a sentry of the regiment in question, that the sentry raised his rifle, fired at the ghost — and shot him stone dead ; after which it was discovered that the dead man was an officer of the regiment. The tale runs that inasmuch as the sentry ought not to have been possessed of ball-catridge, or his officer to have played the ghost, every effort is bring made to hush up the affiair. A prisoner in Lewes Gaol met with a shocking death, on Dec. 7, in at- tempting to make his escape. The man had refused to give his name but he is supposed to have been a notorious character named Charies Biddell, and was awaiting his trial on a charge of housebreaking. About 6.30 a.m. the chief engineer at the prison, passing- round the south part of the building, saw something which, with the aid of a match, he found to be the dead body of a prisoner, lying in a pool of blood. The man had, it appeared, converted a hoop, which he had taken from the outside of a small washing tub; into a saw, and obtained possession of a quan- tity of material with which he made a rope. He got on the roof by sawing through the boards of a lattice trap- door let into tht ceiling, and, having taken off the outside slates, made his way outside. He then apparently had with much difficulty fastened the rope to a secure place, and commenced his descent. The distance is about fifty five feet, and it is supposed that when within about a dozen feet, of the ground the cord, not bring of sufficient strength broke, and the prisoner was precipitated to the ground, his head coming in violent contact with a stone. 