TRARALGON. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The laying of the foundation stone of the Church of England took place on Tuesday last. The attendance of the public was not nearly so large as was anticipated, but this was owing to the heavy falls of rain and hail which followed a thunder storm at mid-day, which pre- vented the presence of a number of resi- dents of the neighbourhood. However, a goodly number of townspeople assembled to witness and share in so interesting a ceremony, the first of its kind in this town. After the service was over, which was conducted by Canon Watson and Mr T. Moorhouse, W. Whittakers, Esq., J.P., one of the members of the Church com- mittee, read a scroll, which, and a copy of the Gippsland Times of Monday's issue, and one of the Mercury of Tuesday, were deposited in a cavity cut in the foundation block, after which Mrs W. Whittakers de- clared the foundation well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Benediction having been pronounced, the ceremony was at an end. The scroll bore the following writing: ''In the colony of Victoria.—This, the foundation of St. James's Church, Tra- ralgon, was laid by Mrs W. Whittakers, of Fern Hill, on October 28th, 1879, be- ing the 43rd year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. The Most Noble the Marquis of Normanby being Governor of Victoria. The Right Rev. James Moorhouse, D.D)., being Bishop of Mel- bourne. The Rev. Canon Watson, Rural Dean and Superintendent Clergyman; and Mr Thomas Moorhouse, Licensed Reader of Traralgon. Members of the Church Committee :—W. Whittakers, S. A. Ed- monds, William Thos. Bettison, Charles Widdis, Charles F. Chapman, John Bar- ton, and John Ikin. Teachers of Sunday School, Sarah Jane Moorhouse and Eliza- bethh Tanner. No. of scholars, 30. The Reader's district of Traralgon, including Englehawk, Flinns's Creek, Morwell, Hazel- wood, and Callignee, was constituted in July, 1878, and Mr Thomas Moorhonse appointed first Reader.—Signed, THOMAS MOORHOUSE, G. W. WATSON." Several offerings were laid on the foundation, which will be placed to the building fund. The estimated cost of the Church is up- wards of £300. The size of it, 40 x 20 by 15 feet, if weatherboard, with iron roof. Windows to be of stained glass. The contractor is Mr Monger, of Sale, who expects to have the building com- pleted in six weeks. A meeting of the ladies' committee in connection with the Church bazaar was held on the same day, and it was unani- mously resolved to hold the bazaar on Boxing Day, in the Mechanics' Institute. The topic of conversation this week has been the constitution of the Shire of Tra- ralgon. Much satisfaction is expressed at the little delay that has taken place over it. It certainly seems strange that, but six years ago, there were scarcely enough ratepayers in this portion of the Rosedale Shire to keep, so to speak, body and soul together, while now we have two townships about a score of hotels, two churches, and a third in progress, four schools, and several others promised, butchers, bakers, store- keepers, fellmongery, banks, Court of Petty Sessions, in fact, everything which denotes real progress and prosperity, bar- ring the Mechanics' Institute. The rate- able property in the new municipality cannot be far short at the present time of £20,000, and having a fair start, and the preliminaries being got over, we ought to do very well. One question which is asked in all quarters is, where is the new seat of municipal affairs to be, Traralgon or Morwell ? Time will show. Traralgon has a prior claim to this seat of honor, being the older of the two and the centre of the Shire, but the energy and unity of the Morwellites may succeed in drawing it to their town, and I prognosticate the coming election will be most stubbornly fought on that point to the last. The two towns, east and west, with their respective districts, will make a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull one against the other, for supremacy of Council Chambers, and may the most suitable place win. The Seve- rance Committee will probably hold its final meeting on Monday next. Fine gold has been struck by a party fitted out by three residents of this town. The prospects obtained are from 2 dwts to 3 dwts to the dish. The gold is of a rough, waterworn character, and was washed off the bottom of a shaft 20 feet deep, on one of the spurs running into the Thomson River. Large quantities of wattle bark are ar- riving at the Railway Station for carriage to Melbourne. A good many men are en- gaged in the undertaking of bark stripping, and seem well satisfed with the result of their sales. Buildings are still going up. Mr Jones has built a blacksmith's shop; Mr Temple- ton, the Walhalla mailman, has erected a large residence; and Mr Breed is erecting a commodious butcher's shop. The crops throughout the district look magnificent, and promise an abundant harvest. The goods sheds are not yet started. Mr Hector McNeil of this town won the sixteenth prize, value £100. in Bridges' Ballarat Art Union. Mr McNeil evidently seems born under a lucky star, having on a previous occasion won £500 in a Mel- bourne Cup sweep, and several other prizes in lotteries held at Ballarat, Ararat, and Wood's Point. 