Victoria. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, July 21. THREE are "rooks ahead" for the ship of State, or rather the Ministerial craft, but it hat a wily and skilful pilot It passed a big shoal last week in safety—namely, Mr. Gaunson's motion to rescind the regulation, in the Land Bill preventing the selectors from dealing with or hypothecating their leases without consult ing the Minister. Mr. Gaunson fa the Ishmael of the House. At one time he waa the pet of the Government, and a good deal of the lashing of the Opposition was done by him under their auspices. He fa a fluent speaker and ready debater, quick in repartee and scathing in accusation, and about as scrupulous as one could expect a politician to be considering the training and example he gets. Mr. Gaunson, however, suddenly seceded from his party—they say be cause they were not prepared to accede to his demands—and fa now aa bitter and virulent against them as he was against their enemies. He owes hi. notoriety or oelebrity to the Argue* terrible endeavors to crush him out of political existence before his recantation, but that organ of Conser vatism now carefully reports and applauds him when possible. He knew that hia motion would be a blow to the Government, for many of their back and edge supporters are at war with them about these " Longmore regulations." It is not necessary to give you in full these clauses in the measure, but their import is to render the dummying of land or extortion of high rates of interest impossible. At first sight it would seem a very laudable thing for a Minister or Government to stand between the country and the land-grabber, the selector and the usurer, and as the land is alienated in a different way to that in which the grocer sells hia sugar or the publi can hia beer, only in order to settle upon tha country's soil a class of bond fide tillers of it, the regulations at first sight seem to be oommendabla and calculated to effect this purpose. No- elector taking up land under theM regulatioaa can look upon his lease save as a title, unless in case of hia wanting to borrow money on it, transfer it, or in any way convert it into a financial instru ment —he consults the Minister and explain, to him the oiroumatanoes under whioh he proposes to borrow and give, the rate of interest, Aa Surely tbe man or party who made these stringent laws at least jjaaant wall and bad the welfare of the sefaetor. at heart Naturally enough thia proceeding has hampered the traffic in land, to whioh it wa. intended to put a stop, and no doubt it has entailed hard-hip on some who legitimately wished to borrow capital to carry on its cultivation. Bat it is still easy enough to borrow if tile Minister fa satisfied of the bona fides of the .parties appealing to him, and that the selector *} net to. be plucked. In spite of all thia—the apparent good intentions of the Minister, and the aa.ming guarantee to the country that the ofa-jeetiosabla amaesing of huge estates by meaaa of the land law. fa pre vented—there fa a good deal of diasatfafaction not only in the oountry distriot. where, of oourae, the farmer would like to look upon his lease as a convertible instrument as well as a title, but in the large towns where capitalists believe their operations are needlessly hampered and restricted. Mr. Gaunson, then, knew there would be a division in the camp, and the Oppo* aition were careful to parade the faot that this waa not to be a party question ; but Mr. Berry waa too clever for them. He knew that, though the adverse motion, if carried, would not be a defeat, the weakening influences of any such result must be injurious, and aa soon aa he found which way the cat jumped ha made it a party question, Thawhipswereinatruotedtoround up the forces, and it was known that the chief waa determined to let the foe see that, even on a question like this upon which his followers were not " solid," he could gain an easy viotory. The speeches of the debate were those of Mr. Long more (the Minister assailed) Mid Mr. Berry. The former made a savage attack on capital, and ex plained how the Government had got it by the throat He made out a good case, and proved by statistics that, though the bank, were not lending so much to selector-, private capitalists were lending mote. He Moused Mr. Gaunson of acting for Bennett, the man arrested in Tasmania and now being tried for a aeries of gross swindles upon tbe Wimmera selectors. Mr. Gaunson re> plied to this in an oratorical deliverance good enough as a piece of speaking but weak in argu ment The real danger to the peace of mind of the Government was Mr. Dow's amendment on Mr. Gaunson's motion. He confined the rescind ing propositions to some clausei of the regula tions which really seem to be needlessly restric tive, and, as he is a Liberal, be might have got his way but for the prompt action of Mr. Berry, indicated above. Mr. Berry showed that it must be a party question, as the Opposition would phalanx, and to lay a finger on the land policy would be to aim a blow at the Government He gave his party a severe lecture. He condemned the action of the Opposition, who, instead of making a formal indictment against the Government, carried on a guerilla warfare by means of side issues. He showed that, though they were trying by every means in their power to get a victory by carrying this proposition of Mr. Dow's, not one of them had proved or tried to prove ib necessary. HU party had settled 40,000 on the lands of the oountry, and to re scind any of the regulations, or alter the policy lud down in them, would be to change the whole spirit of the Land Act They must be adhered to, for having been iv force twelve months, if rescinded at thi- juncture, it would be to the in jury of tbe Government, and the Liberal party would vanish like fcinoke if the desires of small minorities wero to be allowed to stand in the way of bringing into effect the gmtt principles to which his jiarty whs pledged He then fhowed bow uecesaary it was for them to look only to one objret just now—the Constitutional Reform que- tion—and asked Mr. Dow to withdraw his amendment Mr. Dow did thfa, and for some time great excitement ruled. The Opposition were furious, and cries of "traitor," "Judas Isoariot," "slave to party," and other epithets were showered upon him. After a debate, in which the Opposition members disclaimed any desire to injure the Government, Mr. Purves forced a division (as any one member can do) on Mr. Dow's amendment, with the re* Bult—Ayes 41, noes 33; and therefore Mr. Gaun son's motion Btood in its original form, and the Government forced a division on that also, with the result—Ayes 2, noes 44. This, the Opposi tion journals claim, gives the Government a total strength of 46 members out of 80, or 12 ma jority ; but I fancy that on any question affect* ing their policy the difference would be more in their favor. There are not wanting those who predict a defeat for them on the question of taxation. Of course it is a difficult matter to raise £400,000 at one fell Bwoop. The burden must fall on some section of the community who, you may be sure, will squeal consumedly. Then there fa education —another big rook ahead; though in that re spect the Conservative chiefs are not in a muoh better position than the others, but then the de nominationalfats don't seem to care so long as they can help to turn out the party in power who won't accede to their demands. The Govern* ment got their interim Supply Bill passed pretty easily. They asked for and obtained £800,080— not, however, without a good deal of objection from tbe other Bide. Three of them—Mr. Ser vice, Sir John O'Shanassy, and Mr. Francis— spoke on the question ; all ex cathcdrd, and aa if it were a personal matter, which evoked a taunt that the Opposition have more leaders than fol lowers. It is predicted that in case of a change of parties in office the new Ministry will be com posed of men holding all shades of political opinions save protectionist Other rumors are to the effect that a change in the personnel ot the present Government is contemplated, and that Mr. Dow is to receive the reward of patriotism. The Council has asked the Governor to cause all the papers on the subject of Constitutional reform to be hauled forth from the bidden recesses of the Ministerial pigeon-holes, and it ia reported that some severe strictures upon the subject from the Secretary of State for the Colonies have been withheld. Mr. Gaunson waa told by the Speaker during a passage of arms that he had addressed that august personage no less than forty-two times in four sittings of the House. Mr. Dwyer, the iconoclastic member for Vil lien fund Heytesbury, baa tabled a motion which, if oarried, would allow insolvent members to retain their seats. Mr. Dwyer, in giving notice of his resolution, said he wanted to ** put all tha members on the same footing as the em barrassed one-." He doe. not see why Mr. Fox should get back to the Assembly while Mr. M'Gregor fa kept out in the cold. He argue, that impeouniosity should not debar a man from legislating, and there fa something in this, for Pitt and Fox and other of the brightest political stars were notoriously impecunious. Mr. Dwyer also proposes to secure payment of members until the principle be affirmed by Parliament It will be remembered that tacking on the pro vision for meeting the salaries of members oaused the rejection of the Appropriation Act and tbe wholes.ls dismissals of Black Wednesday. There has been a sort of side fight between Mr. Berry and Mr. Casey. It appears that, when it was decided to send our commissioner, to th. Sydney Exhibition in the Nelson, en emis sary from that body boarded her and made such extravagant demands for preparations to receive his august principals that the authorities were aghast In the Assembly Mr. Casey, upon denouncing the useless waste of - money in cutting down the gallant old sea toller (£21,800), waa twitted by the Chief Secretary about tha demands of the commission. Mr. Casey indig nantly repudiated any such accusation, and offered to bet bis seat against that of Mr. Berry that not one penny expense had been incurred for personal preparations. It appears that the demand (£1500) was made for coals, oil, tallow, Ac—a pretty dear price for our whistle of desire to be suitably represented. The Government here bought Summers' statue of her Majesty for £1000, and placed it in the magnificent vestibule leading into tbe Houses of Parliament This chamber is gor geously ornamented. It has a mosaic- tiled floor, and bristles with pilasters and other ornamenta tions including an imposing domed ceiling and lustrous sunlight It is approached by means of a huge flight of bluestone steps, and is one of the finest pieces of architecture of modern timer. An anti-ministerialist discovered that the statue had received an injury to one of its arms, and deolared that the offending member looked as if it had been ground in a mortar and stuck on again. In replying to the charge the Minister for Works said that some of the best statues known had no arm at all. Is it possible to find a weak point in the armor of a Ministry provided with such splendid excuses ? The balance left of the loan lately raised is £1,031,000-, and that sum fa at the disposal of the Government £85,000 of it the Minister for Public Instruction propose, to spend in new State schools. Captain Moonlight, who lately lectured through the country and in Melbourne upon th*) bad effects of discipline in Pentridge, where be spent nearly seven years, has put his principles into active practice by qualifying himself (if the charges against him be true) for another lengthy residence in the institution. The charges against him are pend ing, so it is not fair to speculate upon their truth, but as the assertions are publicly made in the Press they are subject for fair comment. After his Melbourne lecture at the Temperance Hall he was suddenly missed. Then tbe police claimed to have discovered that he was one of the gang who went down to the Williamstown Stockade ; broke open a window, thrust a revolver through the aperture, and called upon a prisoner to shout the warder and escape. It is certain that the man whose release was sought is one Johnson, a great friend of Moonlight's when both were in gaol, and, as he knows the North- Ka*t- ru district well, a theory was set up that ihe latter contemplated joining the Kellys. This belief was strengthened by the fact ef Moon light's having been known to have purchased a pair of revolvers before he left town. A scare sat in—police were despatched, warrants famed, bank, fortified, and all preparations made to resist another raid. In the meantime it appears that Moonlight and one of his mates took the road on foot, and walked aa far as dunes, their route becoming known to the police. On Thursday they surrendered to the Mayor of Clones unarmed, and declaring that they only just then heard of the charges against them, bnt before tbe formal surrender was effected they were arrested by the local police. They are remanded to Melbourne. In the mean time a far more serious suspicion rests upon Moonlight, which, however, may not have a tittle of foundation in fact He resembles in many r specta the man who was seen following Mr. Bates some hours before his body was found stripped of all his jewellery. He is known, too, to have aeen Mr. Bates in an hotel on the night previous. The private-clothes police scandal has culmi nated in the discharge of Rettigan and the dis missal of Hutchinson from the force—though what the difference in the two punishments fa no one seems to know—and the abolition of the patroL Could anything point more to the utter inefficiency of our police supervision f Here fa an important step affecting the community in a grave degree taken without any provision for its satisfactory carrying out—a complete failure and gross outrage follow, and just as hasty and indeoent a surrender of a principle ensues. For all that has been demonstrated a patrol by re spectable well-tried men would do a great amount of good, but the police chiefs evidently want to show now that publio interference with their arrangement, fa not oonducive to public safety. Mr. Justice Molesworth has decided in favor of Mr. Soden as the first petitioner for the seques tration of the estate of theProvincialandSuburban Banking Company. This throws tbe expense of petitioning upon Messrs. rJisoocks and Hay man. The liquidators are appointed, and the estate will be doled out amongst the creditors. A public sale of the bank's notes has been held, and the lots went very cheaply. Captain Edward Lucas, an old and well-liked skipper in the Tasmanian trade, haa paid the debt of Nature and gone over to the great majority. He went home lately to superintend the building and fitting of the Tasmanian Com f>an*f's new steamer the blinders, but returned n ill-health. The Flinders, by-the-bye, ha. arrived, and Mem. a fine specimen of naval architecture. Tbe P. and 0. Company, alarmed at the popu larity of the Orient line's boats, intend starting a servioe of vessels to do the nrne route, out vid tha Cape and home by the Sue. Canal. They havei ordered four boat, of great afae and speed, and intend to reduce the passage-money consi derably. So muoh for competition. Another phase of it baa brought about a great reduction in the price and increase in the aupply of fish. The new company have commodious premiss, in Swruston-street, and are aelling choice piscatorial dainties as low a. 3d. per lb-, whioh is a great boon. The Farmer.' Union movement haa received a Check, as, being a political movement, there fa not that union neoeesary for the promotion of nnanimity. I am somewhat amused at the grandiose telegrams despatched to different papers about the meetings got up, by the pro moters, whiah would lead one to belfave that a great Conservative reaction fa in progress. If it were called a " Conservative Farmer.'" Union or 41 Conservative attempt to induce farmer, to unite," the title would be mere appropriate. Tha oorratpondent, too, who wired the intelligence to the associated Press that Mr. De-kin resigned his seat in con sequence of the strictures of Mr. Service upon the manner in which he secured it, must have had an imagination far too large for his veracity, seeing that Mr. Service oomph* mented Mr. Deakin for his action in the matter after he announced his resignation, and assured him that he had risen in the estimation of him self and his party through it Suoh misrepre sentation is not likely to serve the Conservative cause at home or abroad. Unlimited newspaper discussions have resulted from Mr. Byrne's article upon the increment of the value of land in Melbourne, and that of Mr. A. M. Topp on banking in the Melbourne Review. Both being attacks upon capital, they have given great displeasure in high places. In consequence of the publication of Mr. Topp's, Mr. Turner, a bank manager and one of the founders of tbe Review, resigned bis position on it The Australian and European and Commercial banks are to amalgamate and carry on business by a directory appointed from both. Their com bined capital will be over a million. The Rev. Thomas Jones, the most popular clergyman in Melbourne, has publicly stated his opinion that no good results attend Bible read ing in public schools. He says the State should give good secular instruction, and leave religious instruction to Sunday-school teachers and parents. Mr. Berry moves the first reading of his Reform Bill to-morrow. The measure wss finally considered at a Cabinet meeting on Saturday. A-TOBE-aNTS. The Princess Theatre season came to an abrupt close last week through the company refusing to play because their salaries were not paid. This was the cause announced, but Mr. Bayless main tains that his misfortunes are owing to the arbitrary and unjust proceedings of the pro prietary, who have, by their action in trying to oust him, ruined his credit with tbe bank and caused his ruin. Actions, both of ejectment and for breach of agreement, are pending on both sides. In the meantime the theatre remains closed. Baker and Farron played a good week at the Royal, and changed their piece on Saturday. There waa a change, too, at the Opera House, "The Girls" being substituted for "Friend." The attraction of "Pinafore" waning, the Academy managers put up " Our Boys" in addi tion. Professor Pepper has been financially a failure, and it is a pity to see a man of such a reputation showing in a music hall to radically bad busi ness. On Saturday be showed bis ghost, and the house was pretty fulL He also threw some living objects on the screen by means of the oxy hydrogen microscope, and the entertainment proved more satisfactory, and may draw in future. Apropos of the visit of the Prince of Wales to these colonies, the London correspondent of the South Australian Register writes :—"The Aus* tralian tour of the Prince of Wales, if it take, place, fa to be even more distinguished than hi. visit to India. It fa now reported that the Princess will accompany him, and that his suite will include several persons of political emi nence. What would you say to Lord Beacons* field as chaperone 1 The radicalism of the anti podes would be put in a dilemma. The Duke of Sutherland may be relied upon as one of the party. He and the Prince are inseparables. Lord Lonsdale.may be quite willing to skip another London season. One of the finest ves sels in the fleet will be placed by the Admiralty at the Prince's servioe, and a convoy of Beveral men-of-war will accompany it The Australian squadron will be appointed to meet his Royal Highness at the Sound. It fa not decided whether the call at Adelaide should be made in going round to Sydney, or on returning to Melbourne. Tha Torres Strait, route has been thought of for the outward voyage, but it fa not in favor on account of the more difficult navigation. The tour, if oarried outj will occupy the greater part of a year, and politicians will infer from its taking place now that a general election fa not likely to occur till the autumn of 1880. Some of those who accom pany the Prince will wish to be home again before the Armageddon of modern politic*) has to be fought Lest, however, your expecta tions should be unduly excited, I may say that nothing is yet positively settled about the Royal visit. Em Royal Highness fa anxious to go, and the Prime Minister ia warmly on his side ; but on the Queen's part there are some scruples about the prolonged absence it would involve if both the International Exhibitions were to be visited. It fa out of the question that he should visit one and not another ; still more that he should go to Sydney this year and return to Melbourne the next It fa probable that enquiries are being made at both places aa to bringing the two exhibitions near enough together for the Prinoe to do both in one round- Lord Augustus Loftus, who goes out to Sydney by the present mail, has the Prince's instruotions to see what can be done." A writer in the South Australian Register, who has been among the poor of Adelaide with a city missionary (Mr. Berry), gives the following picture, among many others, illustrative of the distress that now prevails in Adelaide :—"The saddest scene of the day t A three-roomed house in Gray-street, in which the coming event ef •. death had too plainly oaat its shadow before. The home of a young married couple, with four children, the eldest of whom was not eight year, of age ; the wife dying with fever ; the husband hardly able to stand from emaciation, broken rest, and the remains of fever; two of the Children are also down with fever; the other two but just recovered from the same fell disease. Everything was neat and tidy, and t-aby trace, of refinement aad of "tatter day. fled were visible. We went into thai inner roo-n>, ? > where the frail wife tossed restlessly on her < painful couch. The unmistakable hectic fluah told too plainly of the shadow of the dread pre* ' senoe. Hare, missionary, are thy labor. MMly needed. The poor tottering husband looked i wistfully at his stricken wife, and then appeal* ingly at us. He read intuitively in our faces that which echoed back his wont fear.; the ' husband', anguish broke down the barrioada*'J erected by the man's firmness, and he fell upon. I his knees by the bedside, sobbing over his dear one. After a brief pause, tbe calm, clear, but . sympathetic tones of the missionary were heard in prayer; the tempest of tha heart lulled, and waa gradually stilled ; the sobs gave place to fervent < amens, with which the painful, husky tones of the dying woman mingled, and the bright pre* senee of hope came like a hovering angel into the chamber, and blessed the strioken pair. Wa Eassed out, and I was told the sad details of hfa istory. He waa a painter by trade, and , had only been in the oolony eight months. Although a painter, he had been for a couple of years before he left England a colliery agent* in the receipt of a good salary, but had been forced out of employment by the strikes that took place in the mother-country during the last year. After being idle for some months, he sold off a cottage he had managed to purchase, and emi grated to South Australia, paying the sum of £100 for the passage of himself and family. Since he had been here he had had four months' work—not at his trade, but at low wages as an unskilled workman in a foundry. Mr. Berry had already given him 30a., and had paid a neighbor 10s. for attending to him while UL Ever since he had been able to crawl out of his bed he had watched and tended his wife with the most anxious solicitude, and there he waa as I saw him. HU rent was 9s. per week, and there wa. nothing coming in." The Evening News of the 24th instant say. :— " Two escapees from the French penal settlement of New Caledonia, who name themselves Michel Masse and Antoine Massone, who were clad in convict habiliments, and whose countenances pourtrayed every trait of fierceness, particularly in the case of the latter, were placed in the dock of the Water Police Court to-day. They were oharged with having obtained a passage by the brig Sea Nymph, from Noumea to Sydney, with out the consent of the master, and without paying _ their fare. It would appear, from what information we have been able to elicit that the prisoners had stowed them selves away on board of tbe brig, and did not issue from their place of concealment before she was well on her voyage. From their own ad mission, it appears the prisoners are not political offenders, but had been transported to the penal settlement—one for plundering, the other, aa he puts it, for firing off a gun. At what object tbe gun was fired he bad no desire to state, and showed the same disinclination to tell whether he had hit his mark on that occasion. They have papers in their possession signifying that they had been liberated from prison, but it must be known that this liberation does not allow them to quit New Caledonia, and as they are still clad in prison garb, it may be reasonably supposed that tbey escaped from the island at the first opportunity after their liberation from gaol" Thk Talbot Leader of July 15 contains the following account of a disastrous game at foot* ball:—"It fa with much regret that we have to record a very aad occurrence, which happened on Saturday afternoon to Robert Craig Crooks, the second son of our townsman, Mr. Robert Crooks, storekeeper, and which terminated fatally about 7 o'clock on Sunday morning. The de ceased formed one of the local team who, on Saturday last played a match at football with the Avoca club, and throughout the game exerted himself to the utmost to secure a vic tory for bis side. Just before the termination of the game one of the Avoca players, twice the lad's weight, threw him with brutal violence on his head. On being picked up he ap peared stunned, but after a time was able to walk with assistance to a seat; but it was soon evident that his injuries were of a very serious nature. A conveyance having been obtained, he was brought home, put to bed, and the services of Dr. Johnson called in. At 10 o'clock the same night the deceased seemed better, and little fear was entertained that the case would terminate fatally; but the poor fellow gradually sank, and died at 7 o'clock on Sunday morning, about fourteen hours after the occurrence, never having regained consciousness. The deceased, who was 19 years of sge, was a young man of considerable promise, and a great favorite with hi. companion.." The aame journal adds :— *' The melancholy death of the young man Robert Craig Crooks, reported elsewhere, fa not, we regret to say, the only casualty which happened in the football match on Saturday afternoon; in a meUe during the game, Mr. W. H. Henderson, of the London House, Talbot, sustained injuries which, on e__u_unation, proved to be a fractured eouar-bone. The result of the match waa in all way. disastrous,and we trust that it will belong before a similar result will have to be recorded, or, indeed, tbat our columns will contain a report of any 4 play' of a similar nature." Ruri Loots Thibault, the escaped French convict, for whose extradition a warrant was issued by bis Exoelleney the Lieutenant* Governor, waa (says tha Evening News), in pur suance of the warrant in question, put on board tha City of Melbourne to be conveyed to New Caledonia. Thibault was in the custody of the polke, who were to aooompany him into neutral waters, after entering whioh the postal agent will be responsible to tha French Government for hi. safekeeping. 