' ' CONTINENTAL NEWS. íntOM OTTB CORKESroíIDENT, "BTEILA.") - PABIS, MiUOH 21. ' The political atmosphere- seems to be growin¡ aoudy ss the woathor grows brighter. The iucessan squabbling, the absence of usoful initiative, the ten dcncy of the governing party towards acts of violono for which the feeling of tho country is not prepared are gradually producing in the minds of many, evot of those who had most ardently desired the setting uj of the Iiepublio, a doubt as to tho perfection ol this form of Government, and a wish foi something moro stable and moro capable of giving prosperity and animation to the country. Even M, Gambetta is credited with a conviction of " tho impos- sibility of tilings going on as they ore." Some rumours attribute to him tho odd idea of getting rid of the Presidency and supplying its place by tho election of a Triumvirate, of whom he would bo ono and two generals would be tho others. Another rumour repre- sents him as being disgusted with the rising of tho flood of radicalism, that promises to plunge tba country into a repetition of tho horrors of 1703, and inclined to Iring back tho Orleans Princes to the headship of Trance. Tho existenco of tho Count do Chambord will probably provo to bo an insuperable obstado to such a restoration, as ho Í6 scarcely pa6t the prime of life, in good health, and probably as little disposed to abdicate h¡3 claims in favour of tho Count do Paris as to become " Tho Xing of the Ito-, volution" by accepting tho tri- colour flag. Tho Imperialists count much on this difficulty for the restoration of the Empiro, when tho general stag- nation of business, the excesses towards which the " advanced " party is drifting, shall have disgusted ¡France with this third attempt to make the country flourish undor the Republican régime. Meantime tho " powers that be " arc showing themselves far moro sensitive to Prsss attacks than was tho Empire even in its most " Draconian " mood. For instance, a small weekly paper called tho Titi was 60ized last week for juhlÍBhing " without authorisation " a coloured print, representing M. Gambetta in tho act of offering an apple to a lady in a Phrygian cap, under- neath which representation of the Republic were tho words *' Adam and Ere in the garden of Eden." Tho gérant of this little print has been sentenced to a fino of £20 for this offence'by tho Correctional Tribunal of Paris. Meantime, letters from Madeira state that Prince Louis Napoleon has arrived safely in that island, . after a pleasant passage ; bo was in excellent spirits, and was going thence direct to the Cape, where he boped to arrive before tho transports which called at St. Vin- cent's. The Chamber of Deputies appears to bë 6Ü11 divided ?on the question of returning to Paris. The parties for and against the measure appear to be pretty equally divided, and a regular battle is expected to decide tho question ere long. A bill just brought in by ono of the new men, M. jules Ferry, for preventing members of any of the un- authorized roligious fraternities from engaging in the business of teaching,", either in tho public schools, in private ones, or in any educational establishment, is exciting a 6torm, as those against whom this bill is directed.^íre fully one-half of tho teaching of the coun&y;' in their hands. The prohibition is specially intended against the Jesuits ; 'but tho unauthorised societies engaged in teaching aro twenty-seven in number, and comprise 1937 members. At the head of the list are the Jesuits, with twenty- sevon establish- ments, and 848 priests. Next came the Edists, the Marists, the Basilians, the Dominicans, the congrega- tions of the Sacred Heart, &c.; In point of fact, there are but five associations " recognised " by the State as "Religious Fraternities j " these are tho Lazarists, the Seminary for Foreign Missions, the priestä of Saint Sulpice, the Fraternity the of Holy Ghost, and that of tho missionaries of St. Francis do Sales ; in addition, four communitios are " reeog -?nised ''-the Capuchins of Chanibery, of Teune, and of Hautecombe, and the Cistercians of. Albertville. Theüé four and the St. Francis missionaries were recognized de facto by the annexation ,of Savoy. Finally, three associations of men are legally recognised, not as " religious fra- ternities," but as charitable bodies devoted to primary education and as establishments of public utility. In the first rank of these are the " Christian Brothers." Thoso twenty-three legally authorised associations pos- sess 2023 public schools, 768 freo schools, and consist of 20,811 members. They aro not affected by M. Ferry's Mil ; but the perturbation it is causing throughout France may he judged of from the fact that 71,000 pupils, principally of the middle and upper classes, attend the unauthorised religious schools, while only 70,000 attend the schools of the State. That Paris, despite her votes, is anything but a »lover of the prosaic simplicity generally attributed to 'Republicanism, was curiously shown a few days ago, .when tlie 5th of the Linc, on returning to its barracks, preceded by its magnificent band, exercised - so attrac- tive an influence on tho passers that it was escorted by over two thousand people, all of whom kept step with the music, and marched on as proudly and delightedly ts though the affair had been a spectacle got up ex- pressly for their gratification. The " pardoned " Communists are beginning to arrive hero in considerable numbers. Strange to say, 1 most of them seem to have fallen out of love with the ' country which has so long been content to do without ? 5 they have become accustomed to colonial lifo, ,and manifest no desire to bo cooped up again in their old narrow and insalubrious lodgings and tho hum- drum of French towns. Most of them are determined to emigrate, and Australia is believed to bo tho cyno- sure of their desires. As matters stand, it seems probable that the majority of the returned Communists will go out, ère long, to Sydnoy. The success of the Australian colonies at the International Exhibition of last year has undoubtedly led to this preference of the. great Southern Continent as the adopted home of the. unfortunate fools who allowed themselves, for the most part, to be made the fools of leaders who con- trived to 6ave themselves at the expense of their too-credulous victims. Nothing can exceed the melancholy appearance of the scene thp.t was . so rall of animation, splendour, and various interest, a . few months ago. The work of pulling down, and of removing materials, goes on but slowly, the labour involved in clearing the site of the Great Gathering teing only less formidable than that of getting the whole into order. Tho accounts for the great Show have just been wound up, and they show an available balance of '55,805 francs. This sum is to he divided into three equal parts, of which one will be for tho State, one for ' the City of Paris; and one for the guaranteeing sub- scribers. The only buildings still entire in the grounds aw--1 'the Palace'are those of ««? o'-'0 aaruuutactures, the . MinUtry Or ruoiicj Works, the Creusot Pavilion, and the beautiful Monaco Pavilion. On the Trocadero side are the Algerian and Chinese Pavillions, and th'* picturesque wooden, building which, was put up by t'je Department of Woods and Forests.. The charm ing Persian building, at' Whoso entrance so formidaljle a "tail" was always waiting for admission, is li"J:e so many others, a mere heap of ruins, the mater 'raia of which are being gradually carted away. Of th fl others not yet pulled down, the windows are gone, '¿he inner partitions and floorings have been removed, arid most of ttem, being unroofed, are open to wind and rain. The beautiful gardens are mere uneven earth, deprived of its trees and flowers. The destination of the site of the late Show is still uncertain, the probability being that the Ecole Militaire will again ta! ¿e possession of the Champ de Mars as its drilling gr ound, and that a public garden will perpetuate the. memory of the ûarvels of the Trocadero. > .During the recent short stay of,-the Prince of Wales in this oity, M. > Turquet, Under- Secretary of State for Fine Arts, and M. Georges Berger, tho > French Com- missioner for the Foreign eeo'nons of the late Exhibi- tion, had > the honour of (áubmitting- to his Boyal Highness the models of the, service > in sevrés porcelain, which the French Government intends offering to tho > illustrious ex-President ox the Boyal British Commis biori for the Paris > Exhibition. ,. « ,. Yesterday's fete of thaMi-Careme,or St. Joseph's Day, favoured by fine weather, drew immense crowdi out into the streets, where people looked to Bee if there would be anything to be seen. The day being the festival of íhecápenters, whose Patron Saint is St. Joseph,|and also of the washerwomen, (hose corporations always tura out in its honour.', The procession of carpenters, headed bya body of, police,ai)ä all dressed in their costume, carried an object which:had been pronounced the "Masterpiece" of the year. In a carriage, which wound up tho file, was tho President of the Society. The procession went first to take up tho "Mother " of tho corporation, who took her placo in the carriage with tho President ; ¡ , and tho promenade terminated about 2 o'clock, at the offices of the society in the Pue d'Allemagne, where the customary banquet and ball took placo in tho evening. Tho washerwomen bad two or three open vans filled with representatives of tho craft, in fancy dresses ; the " Queen " of the day being in ono of them, with her bevy of attendant water sprites. They, too, had their dinners and balls in various parts of the town; and | 1 popular balls woro going on through the night all over the city, and in tho suburbs. There were a few masks in the streots,: but only . a few ; the best attempts at masking were tho children, who strutted about in their finery and disguises with a degree of gravity and dignity highly amusing to children of larger growth. Tho manager of tho Ambign Theatre had tho ! original idea Of- preparing for this fete of the washer j women, a morning performance of the Assommoir, the I much-contested realistic novel of M. Zola, turned into ! a play, which' has brought a run of luck to bis theatre. ; The scene of the washhouse having contributed mate ! nally to'tbo success of tho piece, the manager had the ' good-humoured idea' of placing all tho boxes of the ? first tier at tho disposal of all tho principal public ! wash-houses for tho morning's entertainment. It need hardly bo added that this offering was accepted 1 with enthusiasm, and that every seat was filled with the Amazons of tho trade, who followed tho whole with intense interest, the washhouse scene, however, being perhaps tho one that elicited the fewest marks of admiration, that scene being, in fact, too faithful a re- presentation of their every day surroundings to excite any special interest in their minds. The example thus set by tho theatre referred to has been followed by the offer of tho manager of the Chateau d'Eau Theatre, where a military drama, founded on the exploits of General Hoche, is drawing crowds, to placo fifty seats in his theatre at tho disposal of tho military Governor of Paris, for thc delectation of the soldiers in the barracks of this city ; and this offer, accepted, and which is sure to excite enthusiastic gratitudo on the part of the latter, is not solely for the play in question, but for all tho performances at that house. Tho Dramatic Artists' Ball has also been a brilliant success. For the first time, it has token placo in the new Opera House. ' For the first hour or BO after tho opening of the doors, at half-past ll o'clock, the scene on entering was not very gay, tho gorgeous staircase being lined on either hand, " thick and three deep," with rows of the inferior sex, in their Eombre black coats; eager to catch sight of tho actresses ou their arrival As tho latter arrived this drawback gradually ceased to exist, the host of tho inferiorities betaking themselves to the interior of the building, as the "attractions" of the evening gathered therein; and the scene presented, as the boxes becamo filled, was brilliant in the extreme. The first and second tiers were filled almost exclusively by actresses ; and such a collection of pretty women has certainly never before been seen in the houso. The show of diamonds was as remarkable as the beauty of their wearers ; one fair artiste from the Odeon, whoso beauty is proverbial, literally blazing with brilliants of great value. The dresses were ( also very handsome, the vast majority boing ordinary evening dress, and the prevailing colours white and black ; but there were many charming fancy dresses, among them a white palmer, a zingarella, two swallows, a merveilleuse, a Russian peasant woman in an authentic dress, very finely embroidered, brought from Moscow- for tho occasion, and a Japa- nese lady, who was muoh admired. Danc- ing began early to the music of M. Metra's excellen band ; but it was not in full swing until about 2 a.m., when most of the actresses present had quitted their boxes, ¿nd were to ba seen capering about like romping school girls out for a holiday. Of the artists of the other sex very few danced, and the majority main- tained throughout an air of dignified solemnity, which struck theatre-goers as not a little comical. But the ladies made ample amends for the dull stiffness of their male colleagues, and popular favourites from .the troupes ? of the Opera, Comedie-Frangaiso, ' Opora-Comique, Gymnnso, and all the other leading Paris theatres, kept up the animation of tho scene with unflagging energy until 4 p.m., a feat which, con- sidering that most of the pretty oroatures had been on the stage of their respective theatres until nearly mid- night, must have laid up a good many of them with fatigno and headache through tho rest of tho day. The heat in tho ball-room was oppressivo, but tho lobbies wero cool and agreeable, and were thronged throughout the night, Tho greenroom of the danoo, to. which the public were not admitted, had been transformed into a beautiful gardon, the mere Eight of which was refreshing. Altogether the entertainment, which was infinitely more select than the famous masked balls of the Opera, was very gay and enjoyable, and its receipts amounted to nearly £3000-a 6Um which, when expenses are de- ducted, will turn a substantial balanco into tho exchequer of the excellent charitable institution for old, disabled, poverty-stricken actors, on whoso behalf this annual ball is given. A splendid and crowded ball has been given by one of the most aristocratic families of tho Faubourg St. Germain ; a grand entertainment is to be given this evening by General Nazare-Agha, at tho Persian Lega- tion, to commemorate tho " Feast of tho Xourous," one of the greatest days of rejoicing and public festivi- ties among the Persians. The " Nourous Sultanes " or Imperial New Year, so qualified to distinguish it from the Mahometan, is " the Feast of Spring." Count Bcust, Ambassador of Austria-Hungary, is about to give a concert at the embassy, in aid of the sufferers by tho dreadful inundations in Hungary. Tho artista who lend their talents ou this occasion, aro all of Austro-Hungarian origin, and tho performance will bo highly interesting. The victims of tho puerile.and unconstitutional malice of the Chanibor of Doputios (which has covered the walls of the capital and of the other principal towns of France, with a substitute for tho vote of blame against the do Broglie and Rochebrouet Ministries, which a majority of the Chamber refused .to pass, and which is supposed to have a " withering " effect upon the members of those Cabinets") appear to find themselves none the worse for tho " withering" to which they have been thus sub- jected. They have posted up a placard of their own alongside of each placard posted up by the Chamber, and have, so completely turned "the tables on the " witherers" that they, are fully consoled for the attack made upon them. They jocularly address ono another, and are addressed hy their friends, as "Monsieur le Fletre," and this new title bids fair to become popular throughout the country. None of. the Duke de Broglie's former receptions have ' ever been so first since the posting of tho placards in question. It was so,full as to constitute a manifestation i for the Senate, the Chamber, tho Right, the Extreme Right, the Diplomatic body, and the elite of the Fau- bourg St. Germain, thronged the rooms, and the marks of respect paid by au tue guests to tue Dune sufficiently proclaimed the sentiment whioh had brought them to his house, Marshal MacMohon and the Duchess de Magenta were among the visitors. Tho Marshal, who has received com I pUmentary letters of regret for his retirement ! from nearly all the Sovereigns or Europe, makes no secret of his satisf action at being " no longer compelled to swallow 'adders," as he expressed it. The grandees of the " aristocratie Faubourg " . have been busy organizing a fancy fair that is now being held at, Bayonne, in behalf of the sufferers by the in- undations of the Adour. Some of the noblest families of France will be represented among the stall-holders, and all sorte of elegant and costly things have been sent from Paris for this fair. A magnificent vase from the Duchess de Luynes, a splendid group, by Barbédine, sent by the families of La Rochefoucauld , and Frías, a. wonderful doll hy Worth, are among tho ' " great attractions " offered to the charitable purses of Bayonne, Biarritz, and the other -wealthy localities of the inundated'rogion. Numerous other valuable articles j given by the most eminent Paris houses will be put into a lottery, the tickets for whioh. will be issued at two francs eáúh. , . , General Lefto, who has resigned his post of Ambas- sador at, St-'Petersburgh leaves ' in that city'numerous friends whip .-mustered in full force at the French Embassy, at his last reception, the ladies being in the ..majority, tojprèsent him witha handlomealbum in.the Russian style, containing their names and portraits, with photographic views of tho city, as a token of sympathy and of regrot at his departure. The gather- ing appears to have hoen extremely genial, and the General was much touched by this manifestation of kindly feeling. Tho Govcrivment Messenger of St. Petersburg gives a horrible account of tho burning of a poor old widow, j at Yralchcva, in the government of Novgorod, by the peasants of tho region, who regarded her as a witch, set down to her account every accident and mishap that befell thom, and at length, at tho instigation of an epileptic girl, who accused the woman of having caused her illness by her witcheries, assembled to the number of 200 outside nor hut, charged her wiih her pretended crimes, nailed up the door and window of the hovel, set it on tire, and kept watch around it, with jeers and shouts of exultation and hatred, until the whole was consumed. The sum of 21 roubles and 90 copecks was then contributed by tho crowd and offered to tho rural policeman-who had been powerless to pre- vent tho outrage-as a bribe to secure his silence ; but, strange to say in tho case of a Russian official, he re- jected tho bribe (nearly £3 6s.), and so this abominable tragedy has been brought to light. Russia certainly appears by all indications to be in anything but a hopeful condition. Murder, under ono form or other, seems to bo tho order of the day in that country, and tho deadly and dastardly sect of tho Nihilists seem to hove invented anew atrocity in tho carrying out of its revolutionary operations. M. MesentzofTs successor as chief of tho gendarmerie is General Drecotlin,' and this high functionary, has just received a lettei'. in which ho is informed that no at- tempt will bo made against his life, but that the throat of his (laughter, his only child, a gin or ioui teen, whom lie idolizes, is to bo cut. Such savag means, employed under'the mistaken idea that th Nihilists can thus bring about the regeneration of thei country, give a melancholy idea of tho state of societ; in which such horrors can bo regarded as necessary justifiable, and likely to be useful. General Teflo is not the only French Ambnssado who has been able to conciliate the respoct and regare of thc people among whom ho has been sent. Afte, tho dinner offered last week by the Sultan to il I Fournier, in Constantinople, the Sultan decoratcc Madame Fournier with the Grand Cordon of the Ordei I of Cbofkat (Order of Charity), set in brilliants, as ar acknowledgment of . her activity and energy in I the ambulances during the late war with Russia, All tho Ministers wore prosent at this ceremony, which would seem to indicate that a breach is being made in the walls of Oriental prejudice in regard tc i women. The Emperor of Austria, who has been carrying i encouragement and help among ? the victims of the I terrible catastrophe at Szegedin, has requested that all j the money which was to have been expended through I out the Dual-Monarohy in honour of his Silver Wed- ding, may be devoted to tho relief of the inundated region. This request has been at once complied with, and tho elaborate preparations for the celebration of the day are everywhere countormandod. That very rare event, the celebration of a" Diamond Wedding," or " Iron Wedding," as the 70th anniver- sary of a wedding day is called in Germany, has just taken place in tho town of Vietz, near Berlin, where an ex-rabbi named Silberstein and his wife have just kept tho 70th anniversary of thoir marriage. The old hus- band is his 93rd year ; his wife is a few years younger. They have 145 descendants, of whom 69 attended the celebration. Another example of longevity has just been recorded in the announcement of tho death of Madame Brousse, j grandmother of the wife of General Fauvart Bastoul, ' who has expired in her 104th year in full possession-of I all her faculties. - - ? " The latest rumour.in regard to the Duke of Cumber- land informs the world that the Duke of Brunswiek intonds to abdicate in favour of the husband of Princess Thyra, on the 50th anniversary of his acces- sion to tho throne, that is to say, in April, 1881. The event will probably bo made the occasion of a rap- prochement between tho Duke of Cumberland and the German Emperor, and that will give to tho former the private fortune of his father. MARCH 28. The sudden return of wintry weather, after .the 1 week of warm sunshine, that brought the early-blossom- ing fruit trees out so rapidly into ilower,-has both excitcd much alarm among fruitgrowers, and given rise to a plentiful crop of colds, coughs, and the other physical miseries that follow sudden inflictions of inclement weather. Furs and other winter paraphernalia are I again in demand, and the new " fashions ". for the coming summer aro still withheld. The dulness of every branch of trade continues; very littlo business is doing in nny department, and such a demand is being mado for tho imposition of prohibitive duties on all tho classes of goods which Franco produces, that tho friends or free trade are having a hard struggle to prevent tho sweeping away of ' tho results of the liberal economic policy inaugu- rated under the Second Empire. Every manufactur- ing centre, every agricultural region, is now clamouring for protection against foriogn competition, which they all cry out against as tho cause of the stagnation from which the country is suffering. Unfavourable reports are rife concerning the results of the herring fishery; but tho take of sardines and of tunny-fish in the Mediterranean has been enormous. In a single expedition, 800 of tho latter have been taken, and sold iu the Marseilles market for £1280. The modo of proceeding is curious. The fishermen, from long experience, know when a shoal of tunny is approaching, and put off to take them. A great longih of nets with largo meshes, sometimes milos in extent, are joined together, tho under-side hoing leaded, and tip upper-side floated by corks. The semt-cireular spaaje is gradually reduced, and tho fish are forced in shpij. When they begin to lind themselves hampered in their,' movements, a great agitation prevails among them, and tho fishermen then throw out nets with mucji smaller meshes, and guide the tunny to. some suitabîo spot for landing, as they know'tho bottom'of tho set;, all along the coast, as well as a farmer knows öto surface of his land. Sometimes, however, the fisk manage to escape, either by lying close to the ground, of, in case of any disturbance of the net, by leaping over it. All the operations in this sort of fishery have to lie conducted very quickly, for tho tunny swims very.' swiftly, darting forward eight motors a second, so that, when he gets a chance, a few strokes of his tail suffice to tako him far out of tho reaóh of his pur- suers, j .' Abundant game has been taken in the Grisons, the unusual severity of this winter having brought the wild animals out ot tuen- iaoi_.,,oqgt seeking food in. tho neighbourhood of their two-fo'otoa-... - unusual number of chamois have been killed, 779 or this shy creature having fallen victims to the guns .of j thehuntsmen; strange to say, the chamois,: which'it has been supposed wa3 disappearing fröm the world, is increasing even., in tho districts open to sports Switzerland, which expooted a deficit, is rejoicing over an unexpected surplus in its budget. ...The, results that have followed the abolition of capital punishment in the Confederation have determined the Státes to vote for the restoration of the death penalty, with the proviso that it shall not be inflicted for poli- tical offences. Such is the damage being done throughout Switzerland by raice mar me rulers of that country are busy devising ways and 'means of getting rid of the nuisance. It seems that, in some of . the coiumunes, as many as 66,000 of these devourers were killed last year ! A report on the subject says that birds of prey, such as buzzards, owls, &c.;,. have not received the protection they deserve, as they help to rid the country of mice j the same report recom- mends farmers to protect cats, foxes, and hedgehogs. The frightful ravages of the inundations-in Hungary are rousing^the charitable sympathies of the public, here as elsewhere. The Austro-Hungarian Embassy here is preparing to give a series of concerts in aid of the sufferers, and various other forms of sub« . 6oription are being got up for tho same purpose. The German Embassy has given a grand dinner to celebrate the birthday of Kaiser William. After the dinner, there was a roception, attended by all the prin- cipal people of tho German colony here. Tba whole of the diplomatio corps in this city, the members ; of the Persian Order of the Lion and Sou, and- the Persian Colony in Paris, .visited the Persian Legation; a few days ago, to wish ^'a happy New'Year " to General Nazare Aga, on.tho first day of the Persian'year.. Trays of sweetmeats and syrups were handed round> in,P«f> sian style, and a bouquet was offered to each guest by the Minister, attended byhis first Secretary..'Mention .. was nude of a third journey which the. ßhai.cont^m:' platea"making in Europe/ It is a'pity, if his Persian Majesty really intends to come this way again, that hf did hot come last yoar, when ho would hare seen thc wonderful spectacle presented by tho defunct exhibi- tion. j . The proposal of tho late Minister of Agriculture and Commerce to preserve tho palace of the Champ do Mars, and to instal therein an Ethnographic and Industrial Exhibition, is entirely abandoned, the Council of Min- isters having recently decided against it. Tho build- ings aro to be demolished, and tho pavilion of tho city of Paris will consequently bo removed, and will probably be converted into a museum, in which will be displayed all tho objects appertaining to the municipal service of the capital which woro collected at the Exhibition last year. It is also believed that the facade of the main building in tho Champ do Mars will bc transported to tho Tuileries, and established between the Pavilion de Marsan and the Pavilion do Elora, where it will bo converted into a winter garden. The Paris Municipality has determined to purchase the iron framework of tho machinery gallery of tho I late Exhibition, for the purpose of employing the samo in the construction of five largo municipal gymnasiums in various parts of Paris, for the use of the pupils of the public schools. Thc sum of £1800 has been decided on os thc price of the framework in question. And tho captive balloon is shortly to re-appear in the court- yard of tho Tuileries, where active preparations are being made for its reception. The owner, M. Giffard, has invented a new apparatus for tho manu- facturo of his gas at a cheaper rate, and will thus, it is 6aid, be enabled to reduce tho price of a place in his rérialcar. Twenty francs for twenty minutes above the roofs and chimney- pots . of Paris is deci- dedly, too high a price to bo paid by the common run of humanity; at five' francs the owner of the . balloon would undoubtedly, mal:o a much larger profit ; while, if he brought the price pf ascension down to a franc ho would certainly realize a handsome fortune from his balloon. It is understood here that Queen Victoria will appoint a Royal Commission, with the Prince of Wales as Executive President, for tho Sydney Exhibition of this 'year and for the oxhibition to be held at Melbourne next vear. j Don Guintana, member of the Spanish Courts, and I Commissioner-General of Spain at the late Exhibition, has been appointed to similar functions for the exhi- bition at Sydney. j A credit of Í2000, at the Ministry of Public In- struction and Fino Arts, has beeu granted for expenses connected with the International Exhibition of Sydney. It is already shown, by the activity with which, in most of the countries of Europe as on the Western Continent, that the spirited action of our antipodean [ brethren is likely to be rewarded by a splendid I success. The horse show, for which preparations are being made at the Palace of Industry in the Champs Elysees, is to open on the 4th April, and to close on tho 21st. No fewer than 350 prizes are to be awarded, the aggregate value of these being £4023. A magnificent new steamer, the Belgenland, has just been placed on their Transatlantic line by the Belgian Bed Star Company. This noble vessel is 400 feet long, 40 feet beam, and 31 feet deep ; it is 4000 tons burden, and its engines are of 2500 horse-power. The helm is worked by steam, so that, notwithstanding its great size, the ship is under perfect control. Tho arrangements for passengers are worthy of the ship. The cabins and saloons are in the centre of the vessel, where tho movement is least. There are a ladies' drawing-room, a smoking-room, baths, library, piano, electric bells, ¿cc.-so that, if sea-sickness did not dispel tho illusion, the passengers might fancy them- selves to be in a splendid hotel. The trial trip was pronounced satisfactory, tho steamer making 13| j knots. This noble vessel will start on her first voyage j the 30th of March, from Antwerp to Philadelphia. The various railway trains specially built for Boyal j and Imperial owners, are as comfortable and luxurious I as the floating palace just alluded to. That of tho Imperial family of Austria, which was sent on to Calais a few days ago, to receive the Empress Elizabeth on her return from Ireland to Vienna, and which is now conveying her Nimrodian Majesty to tho latter city, is even more completo than most of the others, for it contains not only suites of rooms delight- fully fitted up, but has a good and convenient kitohen, j with every appliance required for the exercise of the culinary art by the accomplished cook who, with his attendant myrmidons, accompanies his august mistress on-her journeys. The severity of tho winter, which has not yet taken its departure from this region, necessitated the suspen- sion, in January last, of the engineering operations connected with the sub-marine tunnel, to be es- tablished between England and this country. These operations have now been resumed on this side, tho boring of the shaft, at Sangatte, which is to serve for the establishment of the experi- mental gallery, having now just recommenced. Humours of difficulties having occurred between the owners of tho Junon, chartered last year to convey a party of scientific travellers round the globe, reached this city last year, but were declared to be unfounded ; and the party of students, bent on a happy blending of mental improvement and amusement, was said to be on its way-rounding tho South American continent on its way to Japan, via San Francisco. But tho appearance of the steamer in the port of Marseilles-to which she has just returned minus her cargo of scientifio travellers, has dispelled this illusion. It appears that the latter infringed the provisions of their charter« and tho owners conse- quently cancelled the agreement, had the travellers set ashore at Santiago,, and the ship brought home. How the unlucky tourists have fared since this sudden cutting short of their journeyings, what has become of them, where they are, and when and how they will find their way back to France, are questions wrapped in obscurity at this present witing. The Mi-Careme of this year has not left many traces of its passago. A " mail coach," drawn by threo mules, caparisoned in Spanish style, and with tho footmen behind, wearing the Castilian costume, was almost the only vehicle of tho crowd of carriages that went, as ' usual, on tho traditional " promenade of Longchamps," and the only masker that created anything like a sen- sation was a young scoundrel whom the police of Paris had the bad taste to allow to parado the streets, dressed up like the caricature of the Prince Imperial, which is tolerated in tho fruit-shops under the present regime. After having promenaded the Boulevards, escorted by a band of brawlers, he arrived, towards evening, in tho quarter of the Palais-Royal noar .the offices of the Imperialist journal, Le Pays. ? His appearance, in the Rue de Valois naturally created a good deal of angry feeling, and a man pulled the ?.sííM«»».,.£roni the masker's face. This inter-' Th was 'resentei ^y tko crowd, and its ~L Wu° maltreated, and even received a .stab from a lmu. . th u hi h ? ¿ The police then interfere^ v . Q , to 0ff M G-ajUard (a horticulturist, who hao. * í,,^ ¿ t¿¿ ßj. JJ indignity done tb the Prince Imperial) u, wA "o^i. station, while the masker and tho wielder of tho knui were allowed to go free. If the police is to take tho side of a party in this style, it is argued, people, will be obliged to go armed in order to defend themselves against attack ; but such a state of things would bo . anything than desirable, and it is to be regretted that party insult should be tolerated by the Prefecture of Polioo. The most beautiful belle of the Spanish colony hera also excited some ? little ouriosity by appearing in a costume of the peouliar reddish-brown, known as «« Ooruioiite," her habit being to wear the gay and brilliant colour., that suit her style of beauty.' It appears that the TOung lady has determined to .wear, no other colo,,. until hfll. flinty-hearted guardian renounces his ortosition to ner marrjagQ with . a charming youth, _ "QgsegBed o£ evel,y desirable qualification excepting ^ly^ As tno lady is. immensely rich, she consictb., tne want of ' wealth of no importance, her own being -^piy Bujg.' oient for her future, and the object of her ak-'hrnent being in birth, education, and character-all that ^n\¿ be desired. The fair señorita has accordingly mao* promise (vow) to wear nothing but Carmelite until she is allowed to marry as she wishes. She has Carmelite, cloth for the morning, Carmelite satin for visits, Car- melite gauze for the ball-room. All her . othor dresses are put away for the time being, while, according to Spanish custom, she then proclaims to the world the fact that she is a victim. .Spanish ladies, it appears, are addicted to this method ' of proclaiming their troubles. They make a promesa, When they carmo th» ve their own way, and stick to it until' ¿ley get what they want. . TheJptomMo/. may be to wear only a, certaincolour,, or to assume; some other "outward and visible sign" of their inward annoyance; ' but they invariably porsist in hanging out this sign, i whatever it may be, until they have obtained their aim, which it is said they generally 'do. j Who, this t year, among female Sovereigns of the Catholic persuasion, is to be the recipient of the golden [ rose ? It is on the fourth Sunday in Lent, Lotarc Sunday, that the Pope blesses tho floral jewel which j he presents to the Royal or Imperial Lady whord'.ho desires to honour as constituting tho brightest ¡ example of Catholic - virtue. Pió Nono sent tho roso to Queen Isabella of Spain (of all j women !) not many years before her ignominious , downfall. It is said that the present Pope is puzzled ! as to what he will do with the Rose this year, j His Holiness is cutting down tho establishment at [ the "Vatican, curtailing outlay, and inaugurating a system of frugalty, order, and economy, hy no means ! to tho taste of the army of loungers that have hitherto fed on tho, Papal revenues. . He has turned off the staff of cooks, and has shut up the vast kitchen justly observing that it is useless to keep up; such a kitchen where no dinners are given. Leo XIII. ha3 reduced .his own dinner to one soup and ono dish, and he gives no dinners to other people. On walking through the Papal kitchen garden a few days ago, ho was struck with .its vast extent and ela- borate arrangements for forcing, &c.; Evidently the needs of his table could absorb but a very small por- tion of the vegetables and fruit raised in this part of tho grounds of tho Vatican. He stopped to talk with the head gardener on the subject. "You'will, in future," said the Pope to the astonished functionary, " carry everything not wanted for my use to the Santa Pietra market, and sell it all day by day." "Very well, Holiness," replied the old man in be- wildered-tones, "it shall be done as you order. But whatever can I say to Cardinal X-, who counts on the 'early peas, which ho thinks such a deal of, and which he was ' here this very mern- ina; looking after his own self? And Cardinal Y-who always gets his young potatoes and salad before anybody else ? And Cardinal Z-, who is so fond of, fruit, and has always come here for his peaches and grapes ? There are fig-trees, peach-trees, and a trellis of muscatel grapes, that he counts on as though they were his own, and of which I have never dared give the fruit to any one else for I don't know how many years !" " You will tell Cardinal X-," replied the Pope, " that if he wants the peas from this garden, he can go to Santa Pietra market and buy thom there ; you will tell Cardinal Y- to go to Santa Pietra,- if be wants tho potatoes and salad; and you will tell Cardinal Z-that if he wants the fruit from those trees, he can get it fresh every morning, by paying for it, at Santa Pietra." The Pope's physicians have ordered him to take carriage exercise, and as the Sacred College still persists in its opposition to the idea of his quitting the "prison" of the Vatican, the footpaths of the beautiful gardens are being widened, so as to allow of a carriage being driven through them, in communication with the broad and noble alleys,"with their magnificent views over the Eternal City. A special , carriage is being made for these drives. It was lately rumoured that Mario, the unrivalled tenor of a past generation, had* become insane and was confined in a private lunatio asylum, at Milan. His daughter, Mrs. G. Pearse, has written to the papers, denying the report, and adds that ho is now, and has been, in perfect health and spirits, and is still living in . Borne. In his own country, Signor Mario takes his proper title, as Duke do Salviati, which he had the good sense to drop while on tho stage. In point of amiability, Mario contrasts advantageously with another noble votary of the tuneful art-Herr Von Bulow, nephow of Count Von Bulow, Minister of the German Empire-for he is growing even more exacting and ill-tompered as he advances in ago. A short time ago, while performing in Berlin he called loudly to two persons in the front stalls at his concert, because they ventured to whisper while ho was playing. A day or two afterwards, at Dresden, he rose from the piano (in the middlo of a morceau), and 6ent a message to a young lady who was fanning herself, requesting her to desist froin doing so, as it disturbed him. Herr Yon Bulow always had an odd way'of. looking at the people at his concerts. He eeems, when playing tho most terrifically difficult things, to bo thinking much more of tho opinion of his auditors than of what he is playing. Queen Victoria's passage through this country has been so strictly incognito, that little has to be said about it. On landing at Cherbourg, ' she was received by the Commandant and the Prefect, and was presented' by the little daughters of the latter with two beautiful bouquets, bearing the word " Cherbourg," ingeniously worked in the arrangement of the flowers. 'Her Majesty, Princess Beatrice, and the 6uito and attend- ants, passed "Wednesday night at tho British Embassy, and left for Italy by tho Pioyal train in tho after-, noon. COLONIAL DEFENCES.-In an eloquent ad- dress before the United Service Institution at the end of March, Captain Colomb pointed out that great though the war resources of tho colonies undoubtedly are, none of them, isolated and alone, could withstand the organised attack of any first-class Powor. Volumes, Captain Colomb remarked, might bo, indeed havo been, written respecting tho direct defenco of the Canadian boundary ; but the supporting strength "of England is vital to the whole question. Any ono of the rich, prosperous, and great colonies in the South Pacific might-undor their present arrangements, and if single-handed- suffer severely from the armod strength possessed oven by such countries as Chili and Peru. The Capo could not, unaided, stand against the fleet and army of Brazil. Plainly, there? fore, tho naval . and military resources of the colonies can only bo fully utilised when rogarded as component parts of ono great Imperial system ; the object to be obtained hy that system being, the security in war of the integrity of tho dominions of the Queen and tho preservation of the manifold interests of tho two hundred millions over whom her Majesty reigns. Having thus indicated tho only way in which tho immense war rosources of the empire con be profitably employed, Captain Colomb proceeded to give a clear but concise state- ment of the extent of those resources, especially in mon, horses, coal, and food, showing at the same time how rapidly theso resources aro increasing) year, by'ycar, and urging that, " forasmuch as it takes at least a generation to build up a national naval or military organization, it is full time now to begin to lay tho foundation of such a truly national system as shall embrace and weld together, tho elements of ^Knglish war strength into ono harmonious whole." TELEPHONIC SPEAKING.-A new telephone of Professor Edison was exhibited experimentally to a num- ber of gentlemen, who went there by invitation, .-at' No. 6, Lombard-street, the Professor being represented by Colonel G. E. Gouraud and others, who gave the necessary explanations. Tho chief peculiarity of the invention may bo described in a few words. Instead of using a strip of gaper, as in the case of tho electrio motograph, the inventor, oro uses a chalk cylinder, mixed with a chemical, acetate of mercury and caustic soda, it being always kept damp. AVhen tho damp cylinder is rotated, its normal position pulls tho diaphragm away, and then, as the electrio current passes through the drum, the stylus slips, and the diaphragm Bud? donlv goos back to the ordinary poaition. Supposing you were *n send 3000 vibrations per second through the we, the diapniastu. would hiwo the same number of movements giving forth sound. No magnet is employed at either extre- mity of the wire for transmitting or receiving. The essential difference between this novelty and preceding .'inventions, under which thora was such a painful _ difficulty in hearing, ora harsh grating sound reminding one. ol tho cacophonous grinding of the mitrailleuse, if that, whereas tn the latter case the diaphragm , con- sisted simply of two platinum tm««t-- 7!ai ""«, «sattvan. tage or a brook tu ma circuit, m the former tnere is no break in tho cireuit, the current being increased or de- creased afiording to the degree of pressure on the carbon, I The invention is the flrst application of the principle of tht olectric motograph, discovered by Mr. Edison some yean ago, to speaking purposes ; and under its new development and in contrast with previous discoveries, the instrument now on tts trial, apparently with good prospects, niigbJ perhaps bo fitly called " the loud-speaking telephone." Th< invention has not yet been tested or presented in operatioi in tho United States, but has been sent to this country foi trial in the simplest form, only five days having beeh'oc cupied in preparing it for England. It was very praoticallj tested to a certain extent-that ta, for a moderate distance yesterday. An electric wire was laid on from No. 6, Lombard' street, to theofflces of the ExchangeTelegraph Company, No ll, Cornhill, and thence to the Eojuitable Life Assuranw Office, Prince-street, the total distance being about 90( fvards. In a roora at the first-mentioned place a persoi f^Äed "Charley" for various performances, including *no -operition of the months of the year, and figures om ".^e&ty;, and the singing of "Yankee Doodle,"-am other Vn.iliar songs. The articulation was verv distinc even ten, o->^0jve feet off th6 jnBrrument, and Vflualit; iftf, 'vifj^oiided .remarkably like ordinary speaking*., i httle hardneb», .¿ ^ 8ole pawnee. To whâ ÄS^ cak^-^Ä over .former telephonic Tv -"«2, w« W«.^V1<unta,nea remains to ba seen, bu ' iSES fît" to to at least 100 miles Acornet ww heard and wUBU¡n- "a iucceMfuL Arnon« fte i^totí ^ Profeuor Tyndall.. ? 