THE JOINT-PASTORAL AND THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT . By a Tuck Catholic. (CONTINUED PROM "SYDNEY DAILY TELEGRAPH, '» Monday, December 1.) 1 . It is a fact of public notoriety that the Church has often raised her voice against Public schools, and strongly condemned secularism. But then it must be remembered that it was tho Church dispersed, and not the Church gathered together in council. Now, it is canomcally aud historically certain, that the Church dispersed is liable to error iu matters of discipline, morals, aud faith ; and her deliberations cannot be held as pure tenets of Catholic doctrine. The Holy Ghost was promised to the pastors in their corporate unity, and not to the pastors distribu- tively. Tlie promises of Christ, as regards the magis terial teaching of the Church, were made to the Apostles collectively aud not to each individually or separately, except the four specially made to Peter.os head of the Church (1). Benedict XlV. shows by numerous ex amples how often bishops have enforced practices altogether contrary to the doctrine of the Catholic Church. Take for instance the practice of confessing in case of danger, and in the absence of a priest, to a layman, and even to a woman, which was enacted by the Council of Sabinn, 1312 ; by the Council of Bologna, J 374 ; and recommended by cardinals, bishops, and archbishops (2). 2\. The action taken by the bishops of Ireland, England, Belgium, aud America against Public schools and secularism, is continually brought forward. But no matter what thoso bishops assem bled in diocesan, or provincial, or national council may have decided on the important question of edu cation, it is admitted byjall theologians and canonists, headed by Benedict XlV., that the decrees and statutes of any diocesan or provincial or national couueil do not extemlTbeir binding powers beyond tho limits of the diocese, or province or nation for which they have been enacted (8.) Indeed, it would be extremely wrong to say that because Public schools have been condemned by the bishops of Ireland, England. Bel gium, and America, they arc validly condemned also in New Soutli AVales, and throughout the Catholic world. The Church docs not take any notice of the decrees and statutes of diocesan synods, unless to condemn them if theologically erroneous. Some times tiioy are sent to the Sacred Congregation for revision, but such a revision, being private and not oilicial, does not stamp them with any canonical weight. In days of yore the were approved by a provincial council ; hut now they bear only the sanc tion of the bishop, as tlie sole judge in his diocese. The decrees and statutes of provincial and national council? have no moral obligation until they arc first approved of by the Pope. But tho Pope's approval does not make them absolute ami universal canons and dogmas, extending to apd landing the whole Church, unless approved by Apostolical letters, (1). .vinttli.xvi. IS; ibi 11 ; Juki) xxl. lft; Luke xxii. 31. (2). "Si perieulum mortis sibi Immiuct nee Labor! potest proprlmu «icortl«iem quo in catit deficlente nllons sacenlote, conllteri potest laien ct etiaui umllcri. See Benedict XlV. De Svnodo Dioccsnua Ho..? ; c xiv. (3 Bmedlet'XlV.,dy Synodo Dlocesanofliber 13,0.1., IJ.iif declared to be so, and included in the body of the Canon Law : " Clausa in corpore juris communis." (4) The same is to be said 'of anything else censured and condemned. . xne oisnops of Ireland, in a national council; held nt Thurlcs, condemned nil the Queen's Colleges, and such condemnation was con firmed by the Pope. Now. it would be erroneous to say that, because the Pope has approved of such con demnation, all tlie Queen's Colleges throughout the realm are therefore equally condemned. Tho reason is easily understood. The condemnation is based on local and circumstantial grounds, which majr be justifiable and imperative for the Irish Catholics at home, but not when located' in other countries, and for people differently circumstanced. 3\. For the better understanding of this, it must be borne in mind what Benedict XIV. says regarding the act? of the Pope. He may pronounce bis deci sion in three ways:— 1st. By a dogmatical constitu- , tion, in which he is absolutely infallible, and to which every Catholic must. submit. 2nd. By a dis ciplinary constitution which binds everywhere when it'regards holy rites, sacraments, and the life of tbc clergy j but should it regard discipliue in general, then a bishop can apply, and must apply for a dispensation " ad id omnino tenetur," when the statutes of the Constitution are unsuited to the circumstances of his people, and are calcu lated to produce more harm than good. 3. By particular rescripts and mandates in which the Pope is liable to error and deception. " In quorum con- ccssione sive expeditiono, nihil facilius est quarn ut pontifices decipiantur, vel falsa rerum enarratione vol occultatione alicujus veritatis." (5) Poring, a celebrated canonist, admits two kinds of papal confirmation ; one 'simple and in the ordinary form, and another specific and from certain know ledge. The first does not change the nature and force of the thing confirmed. It leaves it in its origiual state, so that if the thing be invalid, papal confirmation does not validate it. But the second does, because it changes the nature and authority of the act, and makes it right in case that it were wrong (G). The decrees of provincial and national councils arc approved by the Pope in the simple and ordinary form. They are approved just as they are, without any certain knowledge, and therefore, if originally they were wrong and invalid; papal confirmation does not make them right and valid ; and for this reason they are never quoted in official documents, as the doctrine of the Catholic Church. 4\. There is but one authentic pontifical document regarding Public schools or secularism. It is the famous Syllabus of Pius IX., by which the three fol lowing propositions have been condemned ' "'XL v. The entire government of Public schools in which the youth of any Christian State is educated except (to a certain extent) in the case of episcopal seminaries, may and ought to appertain to the civil power, and belong to it so far that no other authority whatsoever shall be recognised as having auy right to interfere in the discipline of the schools, the arrangement of the studies, the conferring of degrees, in the choice or approval of the teachers." " XLVII. The best theory of civil society requires that popular schools open to the children of every class of the people, and, generally, all public insti tutes intended for instruction in letters and philo sophical sciences, and for carrying on the education of youth, should bo freed from all ecclesiastical authority, control and interference, and should be fully subjected to the civil and political power, at the pleasure of the rulers and according to the stan dard of the prevalent opinions of the age." " XLYIII. Catholics may approve of a system of educating youth, unconnected with Catholic faith and the power of the Church, and which regards the knowledge of merely natural things, and only, or at least primarily, the ends of earthly social life," The Syllabus is doubtless a pontifical document, but has the Pope by this document condemned secularism so as to constitute its opposite a tenet of Catholic- orthodoxy y By no means. The Syllabus is not an original body of doctrine. It is a synopsis of errors in the form of propositions exposed and condemned at various times by Pins IX. Many theologians have written on the authority possessed by the Syllabus, such as Segue, Vaccari, De Chiara, Sordi. Falconi, Keller, Arnaldi, Gaul, Moglia, l'Apologista, aud others, and all agree with Sala in his articles published by the "Scuola Cattolica," under the auspices of Pius IX., that the Syllabus does not impart any theological weight to the errors it enumerates and condemns. But simply they retain that which they have in the original documents from t which they liavc been extracted. (7) They are styled " errors," but not heresies, schisms, or crimes, and it does not define what kind of errors they are, whether theological, or moral, or philoso phical, or political, or social, or historical. They are not an integral part of the encyclical " quanta cura," but were published separately, and by circular, by Cardinal Antonclli as an appendix. They arc also condemned in globo, in general, and not by a ponti fical constitution, one by one in particular. No ecclesiastical brand or canonical censure is attached to them. Hence it would be illogical as well as un- thcological to maintain that because such errors arc condemned by the Syllabus, tlie opposite propositions arc of faith, aud biuding as dogmas and canons. b. To determine, then, the theological status of these three propositions on education condemned by the Svllabus, it is necessary to refer them to the original document from which they are taken. The first proposition (No. XLV. iu the Syllabus) is con tained in two allocutions of Pius IX. to the Cardinals, lamenting the spirit of modern times, which is a spirit of error. Now, the Pope's allocutions to the Cardinals are private, confidential addresses, and are never regarded as pontifical utterances addressed to the Church at large. He can say to the Cardinals in consistory what he likes. He speaks to them as members forming one body with himself, and not as fathers and pastors of the flock of Christ. The sub jects treated on these occasions arejsuck as generally regard the organisation and administration of the Church. In these allocutions the first proposition of the Syllabus, on secular education, has no formal enact ment as a tenet of faith and morals, nor is there any ecclesiastical note or canonical brand attached to it. Hence it cannot be looked on as a Church law, im posing a strict moral obligation. The other two propositions arc taken from a letter of Pius IX. to the Archbishop of Friborg. Benedict XIV.' wrote many a letter to St. Alphonsus and to St. Leonard, and yet these letters are never quoted as pontifical documents of theological import ; they arc considered to be friendly and not official commu nications. The letters of Pius IX. to the Arch bishop of Friborg bear the same character. He wrote to him as a brother would, write to a brother on the topics of the day, giving his opinion about them. Consequently, although it may be highly meritorious to act up to them, still they can not be quoted as official utterances of the Pope, or as an expression of the practical mind of the Church, legislating for the faithfnl, on education. Such then being the nature and importance of the original documents from which the three propositions on secular education have been extracted and foruiu- tated, it is cloar that the Syllabus docs not change their status, neither does it impart to thcra any fur ther ecclesiastical weight than that which they have in their original documents. Their condemnation by tho Syllabus leaves thcra just as they arc, to wit, simply as errors, without any condemnatory note or brand, as heretical, schlsmatical, impious, lawless, infidel. 0\. But suppose thoy were specifically condemned, and that a note of censure was attached to them, still it is beyond all doubt that it would not therefore affect in the least the Public Schools Act of New South Wales, and the working system of our public instruction. 1st. Because tlie propositions of the Syllabus regard those schools which have designedly been established in an antagonistic spirit to the Church, and in which teachers, being exclu sively under the civil jurisdiction, have to teach doctrines not according to law and . system, but at "pleasure of the rulers and according to the Etandard of the common opinions of the age," (8) which, as everyone will admit, is a standard of direct opposition to the Church. But it is not so with our Public Schools Act. "General religious teaching" is a part of its daily routine, and " special religious instruction " on dogmatical or polemical theology can be imparted by a clergyman or other approved religious teacher for one hour each day. 2nd. Because the propositions of the Syllabus regard the schools in those couutries where there has always been a friendly concordat between the Church and the State, by virtue of which the Church could rightly interfere, if she thought it necessary for the good of religion, with the discipline of the schools, with tbc system of education, with the arrangements of the studies, with tlie choice of books, and with the appointment of teachers. But such is not the case in a country like this, where there has never been any agreement between the civil and ecclesiastical authority, and the Government has always claimed full control over the schools under its legislation. 3rd. Because the propositions of the Syllabus regard purely secular schools, where no provision of any kind is umdc for religious instruction. But our Public schools are not purely secular. On . the contrary, ample provision is made for religious in struction. Any bishop, or priest, or parson, or mm, or catochist can go in aud teach for one hour each day the creed of his Church to the children of his own deuomiuation. Every facility will be afforded him by the teacher in charge of the school. Can the Church then expect any more generous concession from a Government which, as a matter of course, can not re cognise aud pamper any particular form of religion 'i 7\. It was then very wrong and unbecoming on the part of Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, when con trasting the Syllabus and our Public Schools Act to refer to the propositions of the Syllabus so as to lead the people to believe that these propositions had a dog matical character, andtbntthey could not abide by the Public Schools Act without becoming rebels to the Church, schismatics, and heretics, concluding witli the following : — " It is not necessary for me to say more on the principles of the Public Schools Act. They arc precisely the same as those condemned by the Pope. Their identity crfnnot but strike any re- (-1.) Benedict XIV., loc, eit., lib. xii., e. 3, No.Tk (ft.) Benedict XIV. loc. cit. lib. L\\. ell. 8. No. --C. (0.) Tit. ilc Confirm. utiU. veil nutili. No. S3- 1. (?) I»'Osm;rri»torc Cuttolico: Jliluuo, No. 101-1-5, July, 1877. (8) Syllabus, Prop, xlvil. fleeting mind, and oar Holy Father the Pope tells us that the principles condemned by him are opposed to Catholic .-doctrine, to Catholic interests, to Catholic rights; and it luercfore follows that by the Public Schools1 Act a system of education is forced on us which in conscience we must repudiate, if we wish to be true children of the Church, and which wc cannot accept without incurring the terrible deiisiire pro nounced by the Redeemer Himself— 'He that .will not hear the Church, let him bo to thee as a heathen and a publican,' and again 'He that heareth yon heareth me, and .'he that heareth mo hcarcth him that 3ont roe.'" (9.) With all respect for hie Lordship of Maitland, I may be permitted to observe that the first of these texts regards fraternal correction. The second was addressed to the disci ples, who were laymen, and not to the apostles or the. pastors of the Church ; consequently they can hot be brought forward as incontrovertible proofs of the teaching authority of the Church, and the obedience and submission of the people. , "8. From all this it is evident— (1st.) That the con demnation of the three propositions of the Syllabus imposes no nloral obligation on Catholics. 2nd. That the aforesaid propositions arc condemned only in the sense already explained. 3rd. That they have no bear ing on the Public Schools' Act of New South Wales, dth. That the Catholics who conscientiously support our Public Schools Act violate thereby no Church- law — and those who speak of them as " black-sheep " and "anti- Catholics," either are ignorant of the lcgis- tion of the Church on the subject of education, or too narrow-minded to comprehend her generous spirit. (0) Pastoral Letter on Catholic Education and the Public Schools Act of New South Yv'ales, 6th December, 1837, pap 13. 