TEE CLOVEN FOOT Br trie Author op Ladt Audlet's Secret, &c.;, &c.; ' ' Chatter XII. (coxti.nced). — As Ill-omened Wedding. Laura went to licr own room, aiid eat wonder ing helplessly at this trouble and mystery that had come down like a dark storm cloud upon the brightness of licr new life. What did it mean ? Had nil his professions of lovo been false ? Had ho bound himself to her for tho sake of his cousin's fort, mo, despito all his pro- testations to tho contrary ? Hid he love somo one else ? Was there some older, sweeter tio that made tlu's bond of to-day intolerable to him ? Whatever the cause of his repentance it was clear to Laura's mind that her husband of a few hours bitterly repented his marriage. Never surely had such deep humiliation fallen upon a woman. She sat in tho firelit dressingroom looking straight before her, numbed and helpless in her grief and humiliation. Eeflection could throw no new light upon her husband's con- . duct. What reason could he have for grief or regret if he loved her? Never had fortune smiled more kindly upon man and wife than upon these two. She looked hack upon the days of their brief courtship, and remembered many things which favored the idea that ho had never really loved her, and that ho had been actuated by mercenary considerations alone. Sho remembered how cold a lover ho had been, how seldom lie had courted licr confi dence, how little lie had told of his own iifc, how glad lie had always seemed of Celia's company, frivolous and even fatiguing ns that young lady's conversation was apt to be. It was all too clear. Sho had been duped and fooled by this man to whom she had so freely given her heart, from whom sho had asked nothing but candor and plain dealing. She lived through that hour of waiting somehow. Her maid came to attend to tho fire, and light the candles on dressing table and mantelpiece, and lingered a little, pretending to he busied about the trunks and travelling bags, expect ing her mistress to talk to licr, ' and then de parted softly, to go hack to the revellers in the housekeeper's room, where tlio aimosplicro was heavily charged with tea and buttered toast, and to tell them how dull the brido looked, and how she had sat like a statue and said never a word. "Who was it went out at tlio front door just now ?" asked the old butler, looking up from a cup of tea which ho had been gently fanning with his breath. " I heard it shut to." "It must 'ave bin Mr. Trcverton," said Mary, the lady's maid, "I met 'im in tho 'all. I dessay he was goin' out to smoke his cigar. It was too dark for me lo see his face, but he didn't walk as gay and light as a gentleman ought on his wedding day-, to my mind," added Maty with authority. " Well, I duuno," remarked Mr. Trimmer, tlio butler, solemnly. "Perhaps a wedding aint altogether tho comfortablest day in a man's life. There's too many eyes upon him. He feels as he's the objick of everybody's notice, and if he's a delicate-minded man it prjeys upon him. I can quite understand Mr. Treverton's not feeling quite himself to-day. And then you see he comes into tho estato by a fltike, as you may say, and ho ain't got it yet, and he won't feel himself independent till tlio year's out, and the property is 'anded over to him." Mr. Trimmor, did not drop his aspirates ha bitually, liko Mary ; lie only let one slip now and then when lie was impressive. The hour was ended. "For the last twenty minutes Laura had been sitting with her watch in her hand. Now she rose, with her heart benting tumultously, and went quickly down the old dark oak staircase, hastening to hear her husband's explanation of his extraordinary conduct. He had promised to explain. Had she not been very foolish in torturing 'horself for this last hour with vain endeavors to fathom the mystery ? Had she not been still more foolish when sho jumped at conclusions, and made up her mind that John Trc verton did not lovo her? There might be twenty other reasons for his grief, she told her self, now that the hour of suspense avas ended, and that she was going to hear his explana tion, She trembled as she drew near the door, and felt as if in auotlier moment she might stumble and fall fainting on the threshold. She was approaching the most critical moment of lier life, the very turning point of her des tiny. All must depend upon what .Tolin Treverton had to ray to her in the next few minutes: She opened the door and went in breathless, incapable of speech. She felt that she could ask him no question, she could only stand there anil listen to all ho had to tell. The room was empty. Laura could just see as much as that in tlio fitful glow of the fire, and then a jet of ilamo leaped suddenly out of tho dimness liko a living thing, and shower! her a letter lying on the table. Ho had written to her. That which he had to tell was too terriblo for speech, and he had, there fore, written. Hope and comfort died within her at sight of that letter. Sho hurried back to licr dressing-room where she had left tho candles burning, locked herself in, aud then standing, faint and still trembling, by the mantelpiece, she tore open tlio envelope, and read licr husband's letter. " Dearest and ever dearest, — " When this letter is in your hands I shall havo left you, in all probability for a long time, perhaps for ever. I lovo you as dearly, as fondly, as passionately as ever man loved woman, and the pain of leaving you is woree than the pain of death. Life is not so 6weot to me as you arc. This world holds no other delight for me hut your sweet company, your heavenly love ; yet I, the most miserable of men, must forego both. "Dearest, I havo done a shameful and per- haps a wildly foolish act. I have committed a crime in order to bind your life with mine, somehow in the rasli hope that some day that bond may be made legal and complete. Two ends are served by this act of mine. I havo won you from all other men — John Trover- ton's wife will have no suitor — and I have secured you the posocssion of your old home and your adopted father's fortune. His desiro is at least realised by this sad and broken wed ding of ours. " Dearest love, I must leave you, because there is an old tio that forbids me as a man of honor to, be more to you than I now am, your husband in name ; your defender and champion, if need were, before all the world, your adoring slovo in secret and in absence, to tho day of my death. If fate is kind, this bond of which I now speak will not last for ever. My fetters will fall off some day, and I shall return to you a free man. Oh, my love, pity and forgive me, keep a place in your heart for me always, and believe that in acting as I havo acted I have been prompted by love alone. I shall not touch a sixpence of my cousin's fortune till I can come hack to you, a freeman, and rcceivo wealth and happiness from you. Till then yon will be sole mistress of Hazelhurst Manor, and all thiit goes with it. Mr. Sampson will tell you what settlement I have made — a settle ment that will he duly executed by mo upon the day on which I becomp the ostensible owner of my cousin Jasper's estate. " My own one, I can say no more ; I darerc- vealnomore. If youdeign to think at all of one who has so deceived you, think of me pityingly as the most wretched of men. Forgive me if you can ; and I dare even to hope for pardon from the infinite goodness of your nature. It is sweet to me in my misery lo know that you hear my name — that there Is a link between us that cau never he broken, even though Fato should he cruel enough to part us for life. But I hope for hotter things from destiny ; I hope for, and look for, and look forward to a day when I shall sign myself, with pride and glad ness more complete than the pain I feel to-day, vour loving husband, "John Treverton." ' » Published by special ammgemca'-with thMnlhr. Mtrightsrejcrred, ' " She stood for some minutes pale as marble, with the letter in her hand, and_,thea she lifted the senseless paper to her lips, and kissed it' paisioliately. " He loves me," she cried involuntarily. " Thank God for that. I can hear anything now L am sure of that." Sho believed implicitly ip tho letter. A woman with wider knowledge of the evil things of this world might have seen only a tissue of lying and hypocrisy 111 these wild lines of John Treverton's ; but to Lama tlicy mdant truth and truth alone. Ho had acted very wickedly ; hut lie loved her. He had done her almost tho deepest wrong a man could do to a woman : hut he loved her. Ho had duped and fooled her, made her look ridi culous in the sight of her friends and acquaint ance ; but ho loved her. That one virtue in him almost atoned for all his crimes. " There's not the least use in my trying to hato him," she told herself, in piteous self- abasement, " for I love him with all my heart and soul. I suppose I am a mean- spirited young woman, a poor creature, but I canuot leave off loving him, though he has treated me very cruelly, and almost broken my heart." She locked the letter in the secret drawer of her dressing-case, and then sat down on a low stool by the fire and wept very quietly over . this new, strango sorrow. " Cclia was right," she said to herself, by and bye, with a hitter smile. " It was an ill-omened marriage. She need not havo taken so much trouble about my collars and cuffs." And then later sho began to think of the difficulties, the absurdity of her position. " Wife nnd widow," she thought, " with a husband who ran away from mo on my wed ding day. How am I to account to the world for his conduct. What a foolish, miserable creature I shnll look." It camo suddenly into her mind that she could not endure, not yet awhile, at any rate, to havo to explain her husband's conduct — to give some reason for his desertion of her. Anything would he hotter than that. She must run away somewhere. She must leave the revelation to time. It would ho easier for her lo write to her old friend the Vicar from a distance. SI10 could hear anything rather than to bo cross-examined by Celia, who had always dis trusted John Treverton, and who might he. secretly elated at his having proved himself an impostor. " I must go away at once," she decided ; " this very night. I must go for my honey moon alone." She rang, and Mary came quickly, flushed with tea, buttered toast, and the hilarity below stairs. " What time is the carriage to come for us, Mary ?" asked Mrs. Treverton. " At a quarter to eight, ma'am. Tho mail goes at a quarter before nine." " And it is just half- past six. Mary, do you think you could get ready lo go with me in an hour and a quarter ?" It had been arranged that Laura was to travel without a maid, much to tho disap pointment of Mary, who had an ardent desire to see foreign lands. "Lor, ma'am, I haven't a thing packed, but'I should dearly like to go. Do you really mean it ?" " I do mean it, and I shall ho very much pleased with you if you'll contrive to pack your trunk in .time to go with me." " I'll do it, ma'am," cried Mary, clasping her hands in ecstasy, and then she toro down stairs like a mad thing to announce to the assembly in the housekeeper's room that she was going to Franco with her mistress. " That's a sudden change," said the butler. "And where's Mr. Treverton nil this time? He didn't ought to bo out of doors in tlio dark smoking instead of keeping his wife company." "No more be didn't," said Mary, with indignation, "he ain't my notion of a 'usband, leaving her to mope alone on her wedding day, poor dear. It's my belief 6he'd been crying her ej-es out just now, tho' 6he was artful enough to keep her face turned away from me while she spoke. I dessay she's mado up her mind to take me away for com pany, because she feels she'll be dull and lone some with 'im." " You'd better go and pack up your box," said the housekeeper, " and not stand gossiping there. What do you know of the ways of gentry, married or single, I should liko to know ? When you've been in service as long as I have you may talk." " Well, I'm sure," cried Mary indignantly, and then sho expressed a hope that her soul was her own, even at Hazelhurst Manor house. Before half-past seven, Mary had packed her box, and had it conveyed to the hall. Mrs. Treverton's trunks and hags hail also been brought down. At a quarter to eight the car riage drove up to the door, an old-fashioned lan dau in which Jasper Treverton usod to take his daily airing, drawn by a pair of big horses that had begun lifo at the plough. Since the lamps had been lighted no one had seen tho bride groom. Tliu tea tilings had been taken into tlio book room, and the urn had his3cd itself to silence, but 110 one had come there to talcG tea. Laura only came downstairs when the carriage was at tho dour. "Joe, run nnd look for Mr. Treverton," cried tlio butler to his undenting. " Mr. Treverton will meet us at tho station," Laura said, hurriedly ; and then she got quickly into the carriage, and called to Maty to follow her. " Tell Berrows to drive quickly to the station," she told the butler, as if there were no time to be lost, nnd at the first crack of the whip the over- fed horses swung the big carriage round ns if they meant to annihilate the good old house, and went off along the avenue with the noise of a Barclay nnd Perkins dray. " Well, I never did 1" exclaimed the house keeper. "Fancy his meeting her at the station, instead of their going off together, sitting side by side, like true lovers." " I'm afraid there's not much true love about it, Martha," said her husband, seu- tentiously, and then, waxing familiar, he said, " When you and me married we didn't manage matters so ; did we, my lass ?" Chapter XIII. — The Settlement. Laura had been married a fortnight and a day, and the new year was just two weeks old. It was a very ailing and ungenial year in this infantine stage of its existence. There had been hardly a day of pleasant weather since its birth, nothing but rain and sleet, and damp raw cold, and morning mists and even ing fogs. It was not a good, honest, old- fashioned winter, such as we read of in story books, and enjoy about once in a decade. It was simply obnoxious, ill-conditioned weather, characteristic of 110 particular season. It was just the day after the anniversary of Jasper Treverton's death, and Tom Sampson was meditating in a lazy, comfortable way on his former client, as lie sat by the office fire sipping his tea, which he had desired to be brought to him in his deii, ns lie was so terribly busy. He had not dipped a pen in tlio ink yet, and it was Jialf -past nine o'clock ; hut it was not for Eliza Sampson to know this. She was always taught to believe that when he Bpent his evenings in the office he was working severely — "double tides," he called it. If she came in to look at him she found him scratching away violently with a quill that tore shrieking along the paper like an express train rushing through a village station, and it was not for her to know that Thomas snatched up his pen and put on this appearance of industry when he heard her gentle footfall at his door. Domestic life is mado up of such sinnlljsccrets. To-uiglit Tom .Sampson wan in a particularlv lazy humor, lie was getting a rich man, not. by large earnings but by small expenditure, and life, which is an insoluble problem for many, was easy for him as one of those early proposi tions in Euch'd that seem too foolishly obvious to engage thereasoningpowerofthesmallestschool. boy such as — " if equals are taken away from equals he rTlsinU is equal," and so on. Tom Jffjit thinking thiath- 'ojifht to be thinking about marrying. He was not in love, and never hod ..been since be exchanged bis schoolboy jacket lor a. tail-coat, but he- told - himself that- tho . time had ootne When he might prudently allow himself to fall In love. He would love not too well, hut wisely. " Lizzie is a good girl, and sho knows ay ways," he said to himself, " but she's getting old maiuish, nnd that's a fault that will grow upon her. Yes, decidedly, it is timo I thought of a wife. A nmu's choice is confoundedly limited in such a hole ns this. I don't want to many a farmer's daughter, though I might get a fine, healthy young woman, and a tidy Httle bit of money if I could pleaso myself among the agricultural class ; hut Tom Sampson has his failings, and pride is one of 'em. I should liko my wifo to ho a cut abovo me. There's Celia Clare, now. She's more tho kind of thing I should fancy ; plump and pretty, with nice, lively ways.. "I've had a little too much of the sentimental from poor Lizzie. Yes, I might do worse than marry Celia, and I think she likes me." JMr. Sampson's meditations were interrupted at tliis point by the sound of a footstep on.the shoshy gravel walk outside his office door. There was a half -glass door opening into, the . garden, as well as the door opening from the - passage, which was tho formal approach fo Mr. Sampson's clients. . Only his intimates: entered by the garden door, and he was unable to imagine who his late visitor could be. "Ten o'clock," he said to himself. "It must be something particular. Old Pulsby has got another attack of gout in the sto mach, perhaps, and wants to alter his will. He always alters his will when he gets a sharp attack. The pain makes him so savage that it's a relief to him to disinherit somebody." Mr. Sampson speculated thus as he undrew the bolt and opened the glass door. The man who stood before him was no messenger from old Pulsby, but John Treverton, clad in a white mackintosh, from which the water ran in little rills. " Is it yourself or your ghost ?" asked Samp son, falling hack to let his client enter. Tho question was not without reason. John Treverton's face was as white as liis raiment, and the combined effect of the pale, haggard face and the long white coat was altogether spectral. _ " Flesh and blood, my dear Sampson, I assuro you," replied the other coolly, as hs ' diveBtcd himself, of his mackintosh, and took up his stand in front of the comfortable fire, " flesh and blood.frozen to the bone." "I thought you wero in the south of France." " It doesn't matter what you thought, you see I am here. Yesterday put me in legal possession of my cousin's estate. I have come to execute the deed of settlement. It's all ready, of course." "It'b ready, yes ; but I didn't think you'd be 111 such a hm-ry. I should have thought you would have stopped to finish your honsy.- moon." " My honeymoon is of very little importance compared with my. wife's future welfare. Come Sampson, look sharp. Who's to witness my signature ?" " My sister and one of the servants can do that." " Call them in, then. I'm ready to sign." " Hadn't you better read the deed first." "Well, yes, perhaps. One cannot be coo care ful. I want to bo unassailable as the summit of Mount Everest. You havo token counsel's opinion, and the deed will hold water ?" " It would hold the Atlantic. Your gift is so entirely simple that there would be no difficulty in wording tho deed. You give your wife everything. I think you a fool, so did the advising counsel ; butthatmakes no difference." " Not a whit." John Treverton sat down at the office table and read the deed of settlement from the first word to the last. He gave to his dear wife, Laura Treverton, all the property, real aud personal, of -which he stood possessed, for her sole and separate use. There was a good deal of jargon, hut the drift of the deed was clear enough. " I am ready," said John. Mr. Sampson rang the bell for the servant and shouted into the passage for his sister. Eliza came running in, and at sight of Johii Treverton's pale face, screamed, and made as if sho would have fainted. " Gracious, Mr. Treverton," she gasped, "I thought there were oceans between us. What in mercy's name has happened ? " " Nothing alarming. I have only come to execute my marriage settlement, which I wa3 not in a position to make till yesterday." " IIow dreadful for poor Mrs. Troverton to be left alone in a foreign land." John Treverton did not notice this speech. He dipped his pen in the ink, and seized the paper, while Miss Sampson and Sophia, tha housemaid, looked on wondcringly. " Sophia, run and get a pair of sheets aired, and get the spare room ready," cried Elizs, when she had affixed her signature as witness. ' Of course you are going to stop with us, Mr, Treverton ?" " You are very kind. No, I must get away immediately. I have a trap waiting to toko luo back to the station. Oh, by the way, Sampson, about that money you kindly ad vanced to me. It must como out of the estate, somehow ; I suppose you can manage that ?" " Yes, I think I oau manage that," answered Sampson, modestly. " Do you want any further advance ?" " No, tho estate belongs to my wife, now, I must not tamper with it." " And what's hers is yours of course. Well, I congratulate you with all my heart. You are tho luckiest fellow I ever knew, bar none. A handsome wife and a handsome fortune. What more can a man ask from fate ?" "Not much, certainly," raid .John Trever ton, " but I must catch the last up-train. Good . night." " Going back to Nice ?" John Treverton did not wait to answer the question. He shook hands hastily with Eliza, and dashed out into the garden. A minute afterwards Mr. Sampson and his sister heard the crack of a whip, and the sound of wheels upon the high road. " Did you ever see such a volcanic indi vidual ?" exclaimed the solicitor, folding up the deed of settlement. " I am afraid he is not happy," sighed Eliza. " 1' am afraid lie is mad ?" said Tom. 