SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. Tbe following is the poem for which Mr. Henry Kendall was awarded tbe * S.H. Herald's ' prize of one hundred guineas:— Now, while Orion, flaming south, doth set A shining foot on hills of wind and wet Far haughty bills beyond the fountains cold And dells of glimmering greenness mumfold While August sings the advent of the Spring, And in the calm is heard September's wing, Tbe lordy voice of song I ask of thee, High deathless radiance— crowned Calliope 1 What though we never hear the great god's lays Which made all music the Hellenic days— What though the face of tby fair heaven beams Still only on the crystal Qrecian streams— What though a.sky of new strange beauty shines Whero no white Dryad sings within the pines : Here is a land whose large imperial grace Must tempt thee, goddess, in thiae holy place ! Here are the dells of peace and plenilune, ?? The hills of morning and the slope* of noon ; Here are the waters dear to days of blue, And dark*greeii hollows of the noontide dew ; Hera lies the harp, by fragrant woodwinds fanned, That waits the coming of tby quickening hand ! And shall Australia framed and set in sen . August with glory, wait in vain for thee ! Shall more than Tempo's beauty be unsung Because its shine is strange — its colours young t No ! by tbe full live light which puts to shame The far fair splendours of Thessalinn flame. By yonder forest psalm which sinks and swells Like that of Phocis, grave with oracles— By deep prophetic winds that come and go, Where whispering springs of pondering moan tains flow, By lute- like leaves and many-languaged caves, . . Whero sounds the strong hosanna of the waves, This great new Majesty shall not remain Unhonoured by the high immortal strain ! Soon, soon, the musio of the southern lyre ' Shall start and blossom with a speech like fire ! Soon, soon, shall flower and flow in flame divine Tby songs, Apollo, and Euterpe, thine ! Strong, shining sons of Delpbicus shall rise With all their father's glory in their eyes ; And then shall beam on yonder slopes and springs, The light that swims upon tbe light of things. And therefore, lingering in a laud of lawn, I standing here, a singer of the Dawn, With gaze upturned to where wan summits lie Agninst the morning, flowiug up the sky,— Whose eyes in dreams of rouny colours see A glittering vision of tho years to be— Do ask of thee. Calliope, one hour Of life pre-eminent with perfect power, Tbat I may leave a song whoso lonely rays May shine hereafter from these songless days. For now there breaks across the faint gray range The rose red dawning of a radiant change. A soft sweet voice is iu the valleys deep, Wheie darkness droops and sings itself to sleep. The grave-mute woods, tbat yet the silence bold Of dim, dead ages, gleam with hints of gold. Ton eastern cape that meets tbe straightened wave— A twofold tower above the whistling cave — Whose strength iu thunder, shields the gentle lea, And makes a white wrath of a league of sea— Now wears the face of peacc ; and, in the bay, The weak spent voicc of winter dies away. In every dell there is a whispering wing ; On every lawn, a glimmer of the Spring ; By evory hill, are growths of tender green ; On every slope, a fair new life is seen. And, lo, beneath the morning's blossoming fires, Tho shining City of a hundred spires ! In mists of gold, by countless havens furled, And glad with all tbe flags of all the World ! These are tbe shores where, in a dream of fear, Cathay saw darkness dwelling half the year ! (1) These are tbe coasts that old fallacious tales Chained down with ico and ringed with sleepless gales! This is the land that, in the hour of awe. From Indian peaks the rapt Venetian saw! (2) \- Here is tbe long gray line of strange sea-wall That checked the prow of the audacious Qaul, What time he steered towards the southern snow, From zone to zone— four hundred years ago! (3) By yonder gulf, whose marchiog waters meet The wine-dark currents from the isles of heat, Strong sons of Europe, in n far dim year, Faced ghastly foes and felt the alien spear! There, in a later dawn, by shipless waves, The tender grasses found forgotten graves. (4) Far in the west, beyond thoso bills sublime, Dirk Hartog anchored in tbe olden time : There, by a wild-faced bay, and in a cleft, His shining name the fair-haired Nortbuiau left. (5) And, on those hroad imperial waters far, Beneath tbe lordly occidental star, Sailed Tasman down a great and glowing apace, Whose softer lights were like his lady's face. In dreams of her he roved from zone to zone, And gave her lovely name to coasts unknown ; And saw in streaming sunset everywhere The curious beauty of her golden hair. (6) By flaming tracts of tropio afternoon, Where in low heavens hangs a fourfold moon, Here, on tbe tides of a resplendent year, By capes of jasper, came the buccaneer. (7) Then— then the wildmen, flying from the beach, First heard the clear, bold sounds of English speech ; A id then first fell across a southern plain, The broad, strong shadows of a Saxen train. Near yonder wall of stately cliff that braves The arrogance of congregated waves, Tbe daring son of gray old Yorkshire stood, And dreamed in a mnjestio solitude, What time a gentle April shed its showers, Aflame with sunset, on the Bay of Flowers. (8) The noble seaman who withheld the baud, And spared tbe Hector of his native laud— The single savage yelling on tbe beach . The dark strange curses of barbaric speech ! Exalted sailor ! whose benignant phrase Shines full of beauty in these latter days ; Who met the naked tribes of fiery skies With great divine compassion in his eyes ; Who died, like Him of hoary Ntxaretb, That death august— the radiant martyr's death ; Who in tbe last hour showed the Christian face, ' Whose crumbling beauty shamed the alieo race. In peace be sleeps where deep eternal calms Lie round tbe lands of heavy-fruited palms. Lo! in tbat dell, behind a singing bar, Where deep pure pools of glittering waters are, Beyond a mossy yellow-gleaming glade, The last of Forby Sutherland was laid — The blue-eyed Saxon from the hills of snow, Who fell asleep a hundred years ago. In flowerful sbndes were gold and green are rife Still rest* the shell of bis forgotten life. Far, far away, beneath some northern sky. The fathers of his bumble household He ; Bnt, by bis lonely grave, are sapphire streams, And gracious woodlands, where the firefly gleams ; And ever comes across a silver lea The hymn sublime of tbe eternal sea. On tbat bold hill, against a broad blue stream, 8tood Arthur Phillip in a day of dream, What time the mists of morning westward rolled, And heaven flowered on a bay of gold ! Here, in the hour that shines and sounds afar. Flamed first old England's banner like a star ; Here, in a time august with prnyer and pniise, Was born the Nation of theso splendid days ; And here this land's majestic Yesterday Of immemorial silence died away. Where are the woods that, uinety summers back, Stood hoar with uges by the water-track ! Whw-n« are tl»e valleys of the flashing wing, Tho dim green margins, and tho glimmering spring ? Where now the warrior of the forest race, His glaring war-paint and bis fearless face t The banks of April and the groves of bird, The glades of silence and the pools unstirred, The glenming savage, ami the whistling spear ? Passed with the passing of u wild old year ! ? A single torrent singing by the wave, A shadowy relic of a mountain cave, A ghost of fire in immemorial hills, The whittled tree by folded wayside rills, Tho call of bird that bides in hollows far, Where feet of thunder, wings of winter, are— Of all tbat Fast, these wrecks of wind and rain, Theso touching memories— these alone remain* What sun is this that beams and broadens west 1 What wonder this, in deathless glory dressed ! What strange, sweet barp of highest god took flame And gave this Troy its life, its light, its name? What awful lyre of marvellous power and range - Upraised this Ilion — wrought this dazzling change ? No shining singer of Hellenic dreams Set yonder splendour of the morning streams ! No ged, who glimmers in a doubtful sphere^ Shed glory there— created beauty here ! This is the City that our fathers framed— These are the crescents by tbe elders named! Tbe bnman hands of strong heroic men - Broke down the mountain, filled the gaping glon, Kan streets through swamp, built banks against the foam, And bent the arch, and raised tho lordly dome ! Here are the towers tbat the Founders made ! Here are the temples where these Romans prayed ! Here stand tbe courts in which their leaden met ! Here are their homes, and here their altars yet ! Here sleep the good old men whese lives sublime Of thought and action shine and sonnd through time— Who worked in darkness— onward fought their ways To bring about these large mujestic days— 1 Who loft their sons the hearts and high desires Which built this City of the hundred spires ! A stately Morning rises on the wing. The bills take colour, and the valleys sing. A bright September flames beyond the lea— A silver vision on a silver sea. . . A new Age ' cast in a diviner mould ' Comes crowned with lustre, cooed and shod with gold ! What Dream is this on lawny-spaces set ? What Miracle of dome and minaret ? What great mute Majesty is this that takes The first of morning ere the songbird wakes ) Lo, this was built, to honour gathering lands, By Celtic, Saxon, Australasian hands 1 These are the Halls where all the flags unfurled Break into speech that welcomes all the world. ? And lo, our friends are here from every sone-r Fiom isles we dream of, and from tracts unknown ! Here are tbe fathers from the stately space Where Ireland is, and England's sacred face! . j Here are the Norsemen from their strong sea-wall, j The grave grand Teuton and the brilliant Gaul I From green sweet groves the dark-eyed Lusians sail, And proud Iberia leaves the ^rape- flushed vale. Here are the lords whose starry-banner shines From fierce Magellan to the Arctic pines ! Here come tbe strangers from the gates of Day— From hills of sunrise and from white Cathay The spioy islands send their swarthy sons ; The lofty North, its mailed and mighty ones. Venetian keels are floatiog on our sea ; Onr eyes are glad with radiant Itaty ! Yea, North and South, and glowing West and East, Are gathering here co grace our splendid feast. The chiefs from peaks august with Asian snow, The elders born where regal roses grow, Come hither, with the flower of that fair land Tbat blooms beyond tbe fiery tracts of sand Whete Syrian suns their angry lustres fling Across blind channels of the bygone spring, And, on this great auspicious day, the flowers Of Labour glorify majebtic hours. The singing angel from the starry sphere Of Dazzling science shows his wonders here. And Art, the dream- clad spirit, starts, and briugs From Fairyland her strange sweet glittering things. : Here are the works man did what time bis face Was touched by God in some exalted place. Here glows tbe splendour — here, the marvel wrought When Heaven flashed upon the maker's thought ! Yea, here are all the miracles sublime— The lights of Genius and the stai of Time ! And, being lifted by tbis noble noon, Australia broadens like a tropic moon. Iler white pure lustre beams across the zones; The Nations greet her from their awful thrones; From hence, tbe morning beauty of her name Will shine afar, like aa exceeding flame. Her place will be with mighty lords, whose sway Controls the ttiunder and the marching day. Her crown will shine beside the crowns of kings. Who shape the season, rule tbe course of things. The fame of her across tbe years to be Will spread like light on a surpassing sea ; And graccd with elory, girt with power august, Her life will last till all things turn to dust ! . To Thee, the face of song is lifted now — 0, Lord, to whom the uwful mountains bow; Whose hands unseen the tenfold storms control ; Whose thunders shake the spheres from pole to pole, Who, from the highest heaven lookest down, The &ea; Tby footstool, and the sun Tby erown : Around whose throne the deathless planets sing Hosannas to their high eternal King To Thee, the soul of Prayer this morning turns, With faith that glitters and with hope tbat burns! And, in the moments of majestic calm That fill the heart in pauses of tbe psalm, She aska Tby blessing for this fair young land That flowers within the hollow of Thine hand f She seeks of Thee tbat boon, that gift sublime, The Christian radiance, fos this hope of Time! And Thou wilt listen ; and Thy face will bend To smile upon us— Master, Father, Friend I The Christ, to whose pure pleading heart hath crept, Was human once, and in tbe darkness wept. The gracious Love tbat helped us long ago Will on us like a summer sunrise flow ; And be a light to guide tbe Nation's feet On holy paths— on sacred ways, and sweet. (1) According to that eminent authority, Mr. R. H. Major, and others, the Great Southern Land is referred to in old Chinese records as a polar continent, subject to tbe long polar nights. (2) Marco Polo mentions a large land called by tbe Mulnys Lochae. The northern coast was supposed to be in latitude 10'S. (Vide Bennett and others.) (3) Mr. 11. H. Major bas discovered a map of Terra Avttra U dated a.d. 1542, and bearing the name of Le Testu, a French pilot. Le Testa must have visited these coasts some years before the date of the chart. I 1(4) The sailors of the Duyfhen, a Dutch vessel, which entered Carpentaria in a.d. 1605, were attacked by the natives. In the fray some of the whites were killed. No doubt these unlucky adventurers were the first Europeans buried in Australia. (Vide Woods and others.) (5) Dirk Hartog left a tin plate, bearing his name, in Shark's Bay, W. Australia. It was lost seen in A.b. 1803. (6) Abel Tasman's love for Maria Van Diemanis well known. Tasmania and many of the islands aud points on the N.W. coast of Australia were named after her. (7) Dampier. (8) Botany Bay. 