The Advertiser THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1879. THERE is nothing which except to a very nervous person need be at all dreadful in attending at a Police Court in the character of a witness. To give information upon oath for the guidance of the Court, whether in aid of the prosecution or the accused, is a duty, which may at any time become in cumbent upon persons of any age or rank and of either aex; and no one, except an untruthful, disingenuous, or very clumsy ndividual hasanything to fear from a cross examination properly conducted. Where a Court is well managed, and the legal roles far the. examination of. witnesses tire adhered to, there is «o little to embarrass ? man of ordinary brains in the discharge of the function of a witness that . the police find the unselfish portion of the public—a very large portion by-the-way— very ready to give testimony in aid of the administration of justice; and when the police misconduct themselves or exceed ' their duty, as is sometimes the case, there is nothing: so terrible in the position of a witness as to prevent any member of the public coining forward in that capacity and so aiding to keep our guardians of the peace in order. But this is only the case where those rules of law are adht-red to which relate to the examination of witnesses. The obser vance of tbese rules is the right of the witness himself, quite as much as of either ' party, and it is the duty of the Court span- ! taneously to enforce such of them as are i necessary to enable the witness f.tirlr to discharge himself of the obligation of hU oath. If this duty is not performed spon taneously by the person presiding, a Police Court, or any other Court, has a tendency to be converted into a bear-garden, which no man with any self- respect will volun tarily enter in to give evidence. "You're a !iar!'' is, in the Adelaide Police Court, the usual comment addressed to a 'witness by a baffled lay cross-examiner- It is sometimes repeated several times during the examination of the same person, and even professional men are to be heard is that Court indulging daring an examina tion in those sneers, criticisms, hostile com ments, and witticisms which show conclu sively want of skill in the interrogator. When one advocate calls the attention of a witness to the fact that he has fated to answer a plain question, and then rej>eats tbe question, his opponent will encourage the sinister reticence of the man who is sworn to answer by some each interjection as. "Never mind, Sir; his bark is worse than his bite :" and a good deal more of such horseplay, coming from one man in the position of a gentleman? directed against another and sanctioned by a third, is employed to amuse the ignorant crowd. Such is a very brief and very im perfect description of what usually goes on during a contested case. It used to be said that if a man entered Westminster Ball during an address to a Jury the odds were two to one that the first words that would strike she visitor's ear would be "Gentlemen., what are the proba bilities of the case ':" The odds are not very great that if a man enters the Adelaide i'olice Court when a witness is being cross-examined by any one except an advocate, the words " You're a liar" will not be the first to fall upon the tympanum of the newly-arrived spectator. If the operating functionary is a lawyer he of coarse cannot use such language, but the chances ara that he will be making some irregular comment which is equally obstructive to honest evi dence and equally useless as a deterrent to perjured testimony. This thing is now becoming a nuisance. We do not observe upon it merely because it is vulgar, clumsy, or in bad taste. It is our duty to complain of it because it interferes with tbe administration of justice by in ducing respectable men and women to resort to any excuse, concealment or shuffle, rather than be pilloried for the diversion of euch an audience; an audience whoB9 sense of humour, although blunt, tat ex ceeds their sense of decency. The result ie that some crimes go unredressed, and there is not the proper safeguard against fitlse accusations. This state of things is without excuse. The rules of law are very simple. The witness, having attended either in obedi ence to a writ of subpoena or to volunteer ixjfoi ruction to tbe Court, and being sworn to do so, is to have every assistance ren dered him in tbe performance of this sacred duty. If the witness is insulted to 6uch an extent that bis mind is disturbed or inca pacitated he is discharged from his oath. If he is to be made conscious of falsehood it mutt be by a tubsequect question, not by a comment volunteered by bis interro gator. If folly, improbability, or inconsis tency are to be impoted, with a view to the better. extraction of ' truth, it must be from the witness's own mouth, and not from that of his questioner that tbe imputation must come. Evaa a - fleering repetition of a witness's answer is forbidden, as being an imputation of false hood not ba^ed on probability. The position of a witness is frequently arduous enough; there is no reason why the discharge of the witness's duties should be rendered impos sible. The advocate has plenty of licence during his address to the Court for inuendo nnd imputation, and therefore he, at least, maybe prevented from indulging in th"o3? licences at a time when his excesses tend to cut at the very root of that justice which he is bound by bis professional honor to uphold. We commend to the attention of those concerned the remedy for this mis chief. It has lasted long. Its {esthetic evils are injurious to a young colony whose tastes are in course of formation. Its direct effect, in keeping witnesses out of Court, has for some time attracted notice. Under a lawyer as president of the Court, it could hardly have grown to itt present dimensions; but the able gentleman who pre sides, though not a lawyer, is quite capable of stopping the mischiaf if he pleases, j Ix such weather as we are now suffering a discussion upon the question of the sun's distance from the earth seems peculiarly appropriate. Amongst the many pro blems which have from time to time engaged the special attention of astro nomers perhaps none is of more im portance than this, since upon it the whole structure of modern astronomy may in a measure be said to depend. This fact has been well recognised for ages, and numerous and costly attempts have been made by astronomers of all nations to deter mine it, with what amount of success we propose to give our leaders an opportunity of determining by glancing in a non scientific manner at the various re sults which have been obtained from time to time, and briefly noticing the history of the subject. In the infancy of astro nomy there were no means of determining the distances or dimensions of the heavenly bodies, and each astronomer adopted those which accorded best with his own theories; thus we have Ptolemy estimating the sun's distance at 4,755,600 miles, while Kepler, !by a different line of reasoning, was of opinion that it was 13,870,500 miles; and | from time to time thia distance was gra - I dually increased until the yetx 1716, when Hallej came to the conclusion that "tho sun's distance from the earth will come out nearly 10,600 of the earti's eemi-diametera," or approximate 65,880,500 miles. Halley. however, in a paper read before the Royal Society in 1716, pointed out that by means of observations of the transits of the planet Venus a far more exact knowledge of the true distance might he arrived at, and to him belongs the honor of beiag the first to point out a practical method of determining this great problem. He urged very strongly the desirability of making due provision for the observation of the transit of Venus in 17GI. Halley died in 1742\. But as the time for the transit drew near, astronomers, especially Delisle, took great interest in the matter. When the transit occurred it was observed by one hundred and seventy-six persons at one hundred and seventeen stations in various parts of the world. The results-, however, were far from satisfactory, the distances as deduced by mathematicians ranging from 96,162,840 miles to 77,846,110 .miles. These discrepancies were in a measure owing to the fact that in the last century means did not exist for determining the longitudes of the stations with the degree of accuracy which is necessary when Deliele's method of determining the paral lax is used. The comparative failure of the obeerva turns is 1?61 caused great attention to be given to the coming transit of 17G&,and every effort was made to-secure more satis factory results. Preparations were made for sending observers to the South- Seas, California, Mexico, Lapland, Kamscfiatka, and several other stations: England sending out amongst others a notable expedition under Captain Cook to observe the phenomenon in Otaheite. There is a tree now flourishing at Point Venus, Otaheite, said to have been planted by Cook on the spot where hie observatory stood. The re sults obtained showed that the observations of 17C9 were much more valuable than those of 1761, the solar distances as com puted by the most competent persons rang ing between 96,162,840 miles and 02,049,650 miles; and in 1824 Ettcke deduced from a combination of the best observations of the transits of 1761 and 176? a 6olar distance of f*5,274,0i50 miles/which for ma ny years was generally accepted as correct. But about the year 1850 various new methods of deter mining the solar distance concurred in showing that the sun's distance was less than supposed. Hansen announced that by a method based on observations of the moon's motions in space he had deduced a distance of 91,650,000 miles: Leverrier, rom a study of the sun's apparent movements; deduced a distance of .•'1^30,000 milee j end Newcomb by the same method obtained a distance of 92,500,000 miles. From observations of j he planet Mars when nearest to the earth, j Newcomb deduced the distance 92,300,000 miles: while Stone by the same method ob tained 01,400,000 miles; and Foucault by measuring- the velocity of light by means of a rapidly revolving mirror, obtained 02,100,000 miles. It will be seen that the differences between the several observers, though, still considerable, are much less so than formerly, and astronomers looked for ward to the transit of Venus in 1874 with the greatest interest, in the hope that it would be the -means of furnishing- a still mate atcui&e; solution infthe problem. A sum 9f'£lsjQ6o was granted by the British Government to assist ii carrying out this object, whilst the American Govern ment granted no lees than £30,000 for the same purpose, and all the principal nations made preparations for sending out parties to observe the interesting phenomenon in various parts of the world —England send ing- out eight parties, India one, America eight, Germany seven, Russia twenty-six, France six, and the Dutch one, besides ! which a large number of private persons in the colonies and elsewhere made prepara tions for observing it. Oa the whole the results, though far better, as will presently be shown, than any previous ones, cannot be said to be entirely satisfactory. The vast improvement in instruments since the transit of 17619 has -enabled astronomers to detect new sources of difficulty, while , photographic methods devised by De la - Rue and Rutherford, and which were thought? rery highly of, have proved a failure. Without going too deeply into the matter, | we may say here that the contacts of thp ! limbs of Venus and the Sun which have tp observed are by no means instantaneous phenomena. It must be born in mind that, owing to atmospheric and other causes, neither Venus nor the Sun present Eharp well-defined discs when examined by powerful telescopes, even when at very considerable altitudes; on the contrary, it '■ tbe contact of two rippling outlines that astronomers are called on to observe, and we now know that even the most practiced observers find it difficult or impossible to tell the precise instant of contact. This fact causes great doubt and trouble in making computations, and has led to a great deal of difference of opinion, at times strongly expressed, amongst our greatest astronomers. Thus the present Astro nomer-Royal, in his report on the transit of 1874 to the Houses of Parliament, estimates the distance of the Bun's centre at 93,375,000 miles, subject, how ever, to email corrections, as the calculations were still incomplete. In the Report of the Council of the Royal Astronomical Society for 1875 the distance is estimated as 03,311,600 from a discussion of all the observations under the direction of the etiii, however, subject to further correction. Mr. Stone, the Astronomer-Royal at the Cape, in a very able paper read before the Royal Astronomical Society in 1878, urges that the method adopted by the Astronomer- Royal is unsatisfactory, aad by a careful recalculation of all the observations at his ] command estimated the distance of the I Earth from the Sun to be 91,040,000 miles. Captain Tupman, remarking on Mr. Stone's paper, agrees with him generally in his method of treating the observations, but owing to his having had a much larger number of obser vations to base his calculations on, deduces the distance of 92,780,000 (approximate), j Captain Tupman, who has been engaged at Greenwich inmeasuring the photography of he transit obtained by the English ex- i pedition, in a recent paper read before the Royal Astronomical Society, referring to he photographic method, states:—" These discordances support the decision, of tha I American Commission that the photo graphic diameter of the eun cannot be xttSftL on wben accuracy is required." Hence it would appear that this method will not bf available for the purpose of determining' the sun's distance. From the perusal of the foregoing remarks it will be evident that although the sun's distance baa not e? far been actually determined, yet the pro bable errors have been co greatly reduce! that it may be said,' with almost absolute certainty, to be between ninety-two *•"* ninety-three millions of miles. Able as* tronomere believe, from a very careful exami nation of a large number of calculations and observations, that ninety-two millions tares hundred thousand miles will be found very near the truth. -T^bis however most be ieff •o future observers to decide. Tbe telegraph lines to Victor Harboraa£ Gape Jervis were interraped on Wednesday fry bush fire* beyond Willunga, As soon as tbe fin* abate steps will be taken to restore communica tion. A complimentary banquet is to be givet* to Messrs. W. H. Bundey,M.P., and F. E.ftw; Krichauff, MJ, tbe members for Onkaparinjcaw at Kaime, this afternoon. *""•«■?• The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Tuesdar and the same hour on Wednesday is rogistarcil as follows.— . "• Alice Springs 0225 i Charlotte Water OJDf* Barrow. Creek 0-720 ] Powell's Creek... (HIM Mr. McMulien, architect, of Norwood, has just completed the {dans of a new hot 3 - which is to be built for Mr. Login at Gnfon. The building, which -will contain twentr-two rooms, is intended to replace' the present hotel, so well known as the Crafet? T"?* The annual.meeting of St. Peter's Col legiate Association was advertised to be held at the Church office on :Wedne#ojy-jiftemoj*&, bat as only two or three persons turned up at the appointed .'time it was decided to adjourn--it '. until some future day. A laborer named Peter Loughlan, in the employ of Mr. Hart, near Paradise, died sud denly on Wednesday, January 29. it is supposed from a sunstroke. Deceased, who was in the act of loading etone, fell down suddenly, aai van conveyed to his home, where he shortly afterwards expired. Colonel Downes will enrol recruits for •the Adelaide and Norwood Companies at ths- Staff Office on Friday evening next. It w Arnnged that he shoald enrol the Norwood <■ recruits at the Town Hall^forwood,tbi4 (Than sday) evening, bat this has bean altered, and the Norwood men will now have to come to town to be sworn in. The number of births and deaths regis tered in the General Register Office daring the week ended Saturday, January 25, was—Births. *5 males, 85 females; deaths, SO males, 28 -females. Total, 170 births, 56 death*. Excess of births, 114. The Bomber registered ja the ■District of Adelaide was—Births, IS males, 23 females; deaths, 15 males, 9 females/ TotaL $7 births, 24 deaths. Excess of tirths, 15., ; ' - Phillip Goleo.a foreigner, who is steward Son board the steamer Lubra, was ■Anifr?d' to ihe Casualty Hospital at Fort Adelaide on Wednesday morning, January 89, mSering from the effects of a dose of spirits of salt* which he had taken in rnirf.i>fc-?? for maai«.ii Mfl Dr. Toll attended the sufferer, and fae is re covering fast. The weather was excessively hot at Tort Adelaide oa Wednesday, January 19, and two cases of sunstroke occurred, but they were, •we believe, not of a serious nature. One of tbe sufferers, Mr. James Heed, of Bosewater, wh? teas taken to the Port. Casualty Hospital, «m kble to leave for his home on the evening of the same day. The other person who received a stroke ,was Mr, Jones, of Cannon-street. Those pilots who sometime ago char tered the ketch, Stormbird, for the purpose of cruising for vessels coming up theCSnU hare just purchased from Mr. <Jeo. Bailey, of Watt Adelaide, the Amelia, a. schoooer of 24 fans register, which they intend using for the aame grarpose. The Amelia is now undergoing sm OTerhauL This will be the third vessel eneatti jn the Gulf Klot Service. a^ ■ What might have been a rather serious accident occurred in King WSliam-street, oppo site Mr. Geo. Robertson's book warehonsafosi 'Wednesday morning. A young man jumped off a tramcar -while- in motion, eight in boot of-a tiro-horse trap which was coming in . the opposite direction. He was struck by the sole of the vehicle and nearly knocked down.. Fortunately be managed to catch hold of one'oE the traces, and held it till he teeoveng juafaotV ing. The only damage Seme was to hit umbrella, which wss smashed «p. •■' •■ ■•" Dr. Joyce is unfortunate in the matter 1 -of vehicle accidents. It sill be remembered that some time ago he had a, tiew brougham I completely destroyed. On Wednesday the. -doctor visited a patient in Onrrie-stieet, lea-ring • buggy under the care of bis coachman. The latter was reading sv newspaper, when it was blown oatofkja hands .-wider the hones' feet. He got down topicsitnp,*and,irha«tdo£ti«; as. the napping of the paper etartled the homes, which bolted. The driver held on to the reins. The horses .proceeaed on to a. piece of vacant' land, and there capsized the -boggy, caring pre viously dragged it over a lot of stones. Th*. vehicle, as may be supposed, was .damaged. flt is currently- repotted," says the South-Easstern &nr;,~that 164 men have ben discharged from the Millieent drainage works for the reason that funds sue not forthcoming to pay their wages; but on the other hsnd it is stated that the works have been suspended on the representation of the fanners on' the Drainage Areas that the water heiag drawn off in each quantities will provexninoos to the land under crop unless a system of lochs is intro duced, and that the drainage if continued under the present system will do mote harm than good. It may be remarked that when Mr MeColl, the Secretary of the Grand Canal Com pany, was in Mount Gambler, he stated that this result would inevitably ensue." " The sooner some change in the Sema phore water supply can be contrived the better," writes our Shipping Reporter, " for it was per fectly distressing during the intensely hot weather oa Wednesday to be entirely deprived, of water from 6 in the "?rFT"???g tili late at night. Those persons who had not filled up tubs and buckets for a supply had to fall back on their neighbors, and in some cases pints oE water were begged to allay thirst, if this is tbe result of the implored water supply it would be most distressing should a fire break out. Before water was laid on to the Peninsula people depended on the wells, but those have been abolished, and it is now mote than annoy ing to know that the arrangements are not equal to a proper supply of the pure element." The following is Wednesday morning's weather report on the Adelaideand FertDarwm Telegraph line:—Beltana, K&, light, fewdonda, hot; Steangway* Springs, B.,light, clear, fine, hot; Peake, &, light, dear, fine, hot; Charlotte Waters, N. 8., very light, few clouds, thunder storm yesterday; Alice Springs, calm, cloudy, dull; Barrow Creek, 8., light, showery, cool; Teanant Creek, S., light, cloudy, thunderstorm in night; Powell Creek, S., tight, cloudy, fine, pleasant; Daly Waters, N.W- moderate, few light clouds, fine; Catherine, N.W., light, cloudy, fine; Pise Creek, calm, cloudy, fine, pleasant; Tarn Creek, N.W., dull. oreroastL, cool; Southport, calm, dull, overcast, sultry; Port Darwin, calm, sultry, threatening. The quarterly meeting of the Gh&mber; of Commerce took place on Wednesday after noon. There was only a small attendance of members. Various subjects of interest to ihe mercantile community we*e discussed, and a motion was passed affirming the M f?"fT of licensing brokers, and instructing the Oom mittee of the Chamber to take any action xnltfa? niatta which mighteeemtotoemtobedesfcaWa. Mr. D. Murray. J.P., strongly condemned tt? adoption of any mail service wjlli JlujjiMffJ which ignored calling at Wine Indian port. He considered that our already large : and increasing trade with the East should Ibe encouraged, and expressed the conviction ? | that a higher subsidy would be required bvtbe owners ot the ocean mail steamers if a contract for direct mafl service were entered into, as they depended on carrying merchandise for a large share of their profits, and would have little room foranythiagbutooals if a direct serriea were established. ' The Perth Inquirer of January 15 sajg j —" The expedition organised under the leafier ehip of Mr. Alexander Forrest, whose name is so familiar with the work of exploration, will "cave Perth for embarkation per (he schooner Amy to-morrow morning. It is the intention of the expedition to explore the unknown country between our Northern settlements and Sort Darwin, giving the Rivers Fiteroy, Gtatelg, Prince Regent, sad other important water mhiiw nnrrini «ttr-V— The party, which consists « M««ar*Alexander ForresMkader;, Fentoo Hfll {seooaa in command and geologist), Jam£ Carey. Matthew Forrest, John Campbell, Artbar Hicks, and two natives {Dower and fierre), wiU leave She DeGwy Statical early JEebxnary with 30 .bowes and sir months'pro -visUmaV all "of ■which have been provided by Miyn/ firmnt *. Anderson.. Mr. Focrast in tocms "us that be expects to be absent from Perth *boat nine; months, and if all goes well wxQ.post "his «ffiejal report from Port Dirwia." "~O\jt obituary notifces rewid the death of Hrs.2dng, the wife of the Hod. Thtw. King (Minister of Education), which occurred at his residence, Glenelg, on Wednesday afternoon, January 39. Only a few days ago Mrs. King was in the enjoyment of her usual health, witch was food, and nowsh?'hss entered the Silent Xmd~ leaving behind her many sorrowing relatives, who are quite unable at present to xealise in its-fulness ilia loss which they ban* sustained;. In every domestic re lattla Mrs. King was most exemplary. /r« "a trae wife and a loving mother she will be mm* missed. She was always ready to'sacrifice herself where the interests ot com fort of those about her were conosmed. Ths bouse will indeed be dark and its occupants sad without face generous sympathy and wise ■rffxnr"*l But her good deeds were not confined to tar own household, although she always firmly believed that a woman's real mission n in bee own home. The poor and suffering ever haditertesistanee and commiseration, and in maay-bearts-ateiiews of her death will excite feeling* of the deepest sorrow. Mrs. King has ■ mm,! any in the prime of life, when there ■earned every reason to anticipate that there were before her many happy and useful years. 4te cause of death was puerperal fever. An inquest was held at the Kapunda HospitaVby Mr. D. Hock, JJ, on Toesday, -January 28, reapeeting the death of a man nsmrri Th-r-— MeGeaxty, who was received Into that institatie? on January 17, from the Kocth-West Bend, Biffim-ing from aevera in juries tbliis body received from burning while in&istent;?ttfceXarth-West?eod. From the ■mdsnee itappaared that deceased was in liquor ■Sttbetisae of theaocideat, and could not give a definite statement respecting the origin of the fire, beyond that his tent had been on fire and that a candle was stuck in the top of a maltee stick. He stated that he had £30 in the Bank of Adelaide at Morgan, and that he had a sister named Ellen, bat he did not know-where she was. He came oat hi the ship Ounerdown. He also said Oat he had £13 nrSank-aotes in his pocket at the time of the y^ja^t and a deposit-receipt for the £20. On Ilia person he had also a silver watch, a half «jve«^mnd>t?Mepemiy-piece, each showing SmEfifectaof burning.. The Jury returned th* ftjlgHingverdict-/—*T3iat the deceased Thomas Kttesfety' died from the effects of barns be received in bis tent at Morgan while under the ia?uenoe of liquor. They are also of opinion -thattevery attention had been paid him by his r?tf«r*?l attendant and -the officers at the HfleprfcsL" OnMonday evening, January 27, a meeting was held at the Temintus Hotel, Morgan, to -consider tfee best iwnii of providing a school fe..*be district Mr. McLean, 7.P., took the -chair. In (peaking of the object for which thy Beefing was called, he referred to the urgent vajattOf. ff^^Ml^ miifwnn*^*^!'ll*l which was felt liy all who had. children . under *hwr care. A. few ago a meeting bad been called baring the-same object in view, bat owing to the unsettled state of the people in the district at (feat time the master feU to the ground. However they had now opened tie matter again to reliogoish it only on success. After a little disenasioa it was resolved—" That a Committee be formed for tits purpose of drawing np a pet - tioa is present to the Minister of Education, anl for ascertaining the number of children now in the district of a sckoolgoing age." A number of giestlemen were then chosen to form a depota taem to wait op the Minister of Eduction to present the petition, and endeavor to get the mats of the residents satisfied as soon as pos sible. A resolution was also passed to the effect that, considering the length of time that hal rispsnrT daring which the education of the chil dren had been neglected, and the probability of a fartheriapse of time before a permanent build ing would be erected, that the Minister be respectfully requested to find a provisional teacher. Other matters of interest to the people of the district were then brought before the ■meeting, and the shocking state of the roads xiaving been commented upon, the following resolution waspassed:—"That tie School Com mittee also draw np a petition to be presented to fte Commjssi«ner of Public Works, drawing his attention to the almost impassable state of the road from Yon Jttebea's to and through Morgan, and respectfully requesting the ex jtwuajtmeof a small torn of money for imme cUafe?ftmproromcnia.* The adjourned enquiry into the circum- BBHMStt '£ttfl?Ql?£ fIM fifQ iXlftt OCCQtnd OIL feeard the steamer Eoyal Shepherd, in Spencer's <?9lf, on Jasraaryg, was held by the Marine IBaarX «t Fort Adelaide, on -Wednesday, 3anaaxy'29. There were present Captain E. H. Ferguson, BJL (President), Captain 3. W. Smith, JP, Captain D.Tapfey. and Mr. John FormbjCWardenc). Oaptatn McCoy, the over- Iri)**' "f Ilir Bpsooer**Gnlf Steamship Company ffe wUak the vesael belongs), and Mr. John Osxiffceil,«>gineer«4 the Government steamer CSovnar Mosgrave, were also present. Kl anvd Ki?gswaod, Oe ettef engineer of the Teasel, im«ontaurS?g Us evidenoe. said there «ras no Itooeking of the engine or any other noise wfasa fee feraed sat When the second engi ihnt iHisiiwd tm at 4 o'clock witness drew his ■UftlmifcrthaTai ttfiat?iegange glass was three ps«ts Ihtl.ajiw?te surrseeopen. Donald Cooper, sweonil umiJiwu. said, in answer to an enquiry Sros* the President, Oat he had no certifi cate of any sort, «ad the first engineer ■rasawareof the fact when he shipped him. He was not a mechanical engineer. He called him ■elf an eaginn flrivar, and tad been nine years employed as soch in Messrs. Oave k Co.'s mills at &• Tort. He had been two years as fixeman «od lasting second engineer in the Boyal£hep* IWd. Was suit aware that any one acting as engineer on board a ship wrthoot a certificate arak4isMe to a penalty. On the morning of the dayof tibe fire he did not go below between 6 *-88. and tile time the accident took place at 7pjta. Duringthe whole time he was on watch the action of the feed pomps was very bad. The last time he looked at the glass before the acci dent was as a quarter to 7 o'clock, when there was about aa inch of water in it. First saw the emoke a little after 7 o'clock, -when ha called the anginscr. Never went to sleep during bis watch, and was sober the whole time. The engine was going at full speed after leafing Fort Unooln, but there was only 5 lbs. pressuro on at the time of the acci dent. Had no idea whatever as to the can* of the fiw. WMx reference to a ■tafarwpnt of this witness that he was up on dedc from 6 a-m. to 7 p Jn, the Chief Engineer stated that there was no necessity for him to have stepped tiiere all that time, but it was so iwt down below that be could not sleep. In answer to a further question he said that the bailer was in perfect order. The Board then -adjourned till Thursday morning, when their decision will probably be given. Bubambers to toe Home for Incurables *resaked to meet at the Town Hall to-day. A. concert and ball are to take place in *he Bedbill Institute this evening. The half-yearly meeting of the Hamley Company is called for to-day. Ata extensive sale of city, station, and other property is to be held in White's Booms to-day. The publishers have sent us, through. Sir, jSeorg? Robertson, the December number of Jjo*Ao%. Society. The Wheeler Family were favered with another good house at White's Booms on Wednesday evening, January 29. The pro gramme, which was of a highly ?mn«in g c ha.. zacter, was well carried out, the ?"^io"'-e showin^Jthek appreciation by continual recalls. At the 'doss Of the entertainment several raluahls^rticles wen distributed. The TJJS. Minfltpda were well patronised Considering the very oppressive weather at Port Jftdriaide on Wednesday evening. The pro gramme, which was carried out in a spirited manner, comprised some choice songs, instra mental mnnc, inrinriing a solo on the ocarina, and amuaug sketches, the whole concluding ' Jmib "The Ghost in a Pawnshop." Inoonse «uence pf tbe dday in the departure of the galbonrna steamer the PJB. Minstrds wiUper- JEocm two nights more at Port Adelaide. ♦ <9" Mr. James H. ParrrequestEepeoial atten fion to his Sale This Day at 18 o'clock, in White's Booms, A^lniflg, of a number of valnabLe Properties. For particulars see adver- Umiwnli «S~ Especial attention is. called to the Sale *t tiwfitort Baxaar This^Day.atS o'clock, under instructions Aom JohnH. Angas. Bsq., of 60 Korthern-brad <-, over A Oolta andFUUes of nntmaUt; aad substance. Barker 4 Cham fers, Auctioneers. 