iSiiM with lier Motlier's Ring, v BT THB AUTHOB OF WHAT CAN SHE DO. CHAPTER XXXVI. 6BKKING DEATH. jjPrjpto lw&*Imost passed since the patting matabei in fto previous chapter— a year of Mtieat fidelity to duty on the part of Ten, a year thftt me clouded by the deepest melancholy and almost 'despair in the case of Saville. For & long time he had cherished faint hopes thst her forti tude might fail ; that his arguments, from being snore fully dwelt upon, would hare their weight; ahJ aLC^C j-C _1I a.. ? *. 1 ? l ? 1? ? * i » » i ?iw.wuw vi. mi, \un nor louoiineM turn love migut oreTCome.hei resolution. While recognising the truth that the was acting conscientiously and beroic*lly, he (still bettered that the only obstacle in the fray of their happiness was the tenacious bold of her old superstitions upon her mind. Ihe Act that their mutual suffering seemed so un ntcestaty made him chafe all the more, and his Siind and body were giving evidences of the bitter ness of the long-continued ordeal. Perpetual gloom lowered upon 'his brow ; at times, fits of «bstractioa Almost unfitted him for his duties, and Main he would be reckless and inclined to dis sipation. TTo his old., acquaintances, his wife's conduct mOCOUnted for his manner and actions ; but Sur tgeonvJupm knew of the deep wound, and was ?often tempted to inform Vera of the disastrous re Bultiof Saville'a disappointment. Indeed, he 'would hare done so had not the young man Charged him, almost harshly, 'not to meddle.' '' At first, Savills had found some solace in send ing Vera, by the hand of T*scar, such things as lie thought might add to her comfort ; but she eoon/yi a brief letter; eently but firmly declined to receive, his gifts, and entreated him to re ?auwaber lhat they must accept their whole duty, and school their hearts into submission. ? But there was this radical difference between them1, while her suffering was the keener, because of: the sensitiveness and delicacy of her nature, ?be was finding increasing strength and calmneBS .from the Divine help that is ever given in answer .tojprayer. N He was unaided in his struggle, and, if he still wlieved that man was law unto himsolf, he was UjUning'-by. bitter experience that he is not sufficient in himself for Mfe'a emergencies. He had ?t last reached that desnerate condition in which, 'though still 'restrained* oy VeraV words and the ring the had given him from any directly suicidal «t, AS was only ^oo ready to throw away his lifeftyreckless exposure in the first battle that occurred.;; :.„:,;, ? Vera learned 'of his growing despair and con ?swuent dangerous moods in a rather, peculiar, way. 1b inttodticing Tascar to the secluded cabin, Sarde had -virtually provided for the household, for the boy proved the most ubiquitous, industri ous personality that ever taxed earth, air, and water for the means of livelihood, lie soon be came as accurate a shot as Vera herself, and she bad no more occasion to range tbe hills with her ?gun tare as a pastime. Uis knowledge of the in etinets and habits' of game made escape from his cunningly-prepared traps and snares very im -probable. His good lu;k as a fisherman became ?ljaort on varying, because he knew just when and where to go. He enlarged the garden which he had made the preceding year, and kept it green and flourishing by turning through it a brook that Audits unfailing source deep in the mountains. Se scoured the hills and valleys for wild fruits in ?theirsBason, and these, with the surplus of game, founds ready sale at the garrison of West Point . Vera had thoroughly adopted Saville'a plan of .perfect openness, and would permit nothing that looked like guilty fear or desire for concealment. ? Tn ns, through her maaagement nod Taecar's able , seconding, the little cabin was becoming a recog nised base of supplies for several officers' messes ; ?and Sarille had always been tsatly to bay'every thing that his quondam servant brought, whether he wanted it or not ' . ? Ib answer to her father's questions concern JngSaville's long-continued absence, Vera had said fciiifly, . ; . „' Circumstances are such that Mr. Saville can sot marry me, and since he cannot, it is best for ^ tft both that, his visits should cease. Ask me no so further. Let It satisfy you that he has acted to ward me/ike an honourable man.ae he is, and that le is etui a true friend on whom I can call should Jneedhim.' .'; Theexileturned glosmily away, satisfied that .at last Saville realised the folly of allying himself 'to the daughter of one whom he knew to be a criminal ; but from that time his remorseful artty ?And tenderness for Vera increased. . Tascar'a success as a huckster finally led to his' -acquaintance with a redoubtable negro by the \- name of Pompey, for whom the boy soon con ' ceived a strong friendship and a boundless admira tion. . Pompey was ostensibly following a like \- calling: but, in supplying the British garrison at atopy coins, us orougntaway saining com tor his ? fruitp and vegetables, instead of the depreciated Continental money which was paid chiefly at West Point. This fact alone gave the elder sable trader ' a. marked pre-eminence. Bui one day Pompey took Tascur into the depth of the .forest, and, with great mvstery and ,'eolcmnitj, Informed him, ?You're .a peart,. likely boy, and I'se 'bout, to put you up a peg higher. I'se a-gwine to let you inter a deep 'ipiraoy.' 'Where is dis deep hole, an' how deep'il I hab ter go in?' asked Tascar, in some trepidation from Pompey's words and manner. ?What a chile you is i' said Pompey, loftily. 'Tain't s hole'; it's a 'epiracy against the Bed coats. Does you tink I goes aownto de Britishers at Steny Pint to hawk berries? My maa'r Capiing Lamb, doesnt ne°d to sell berries; I , takes a heap mo' inter de fort dan I carries in my basket.' ' 'What does you takeP asked Tasear, agape with curiosity. . ? i M take dese two eyes. I take dese two ears.' . 'Well, you doesn't aell 'emp' ? ? What a chile you is t I comes back wid my ?basket empty, but my head is chuck full, an' 1 tell .' mas* all I sees and hears, an' he tells a 'Merican \- ossifer, an? enon Giniral Washington hisaelf knows all I does.' And at this point Pompey assumed an !«lr of snchmysterious importance thatTascar was . deeply awed. ? P'raps well take dat ar fort. We're thinkin' ob largely.on me. Nojv it isn't 'comin' dat a man in , Biy 'sponsible 'fiitioh Should be but berry in' all de fcime., fro got to. tink' (with a suggestive tao op hw forehead) ; ' an' while I'se a-prowidin' sum Bof dat you tfosen't knownuffln'bout. an' what is called strogedy, you can pick de berries an' bring . 'em tome, , an' 111 gib you de shiners for 'em. lour part of the 'epiracy is to pick de berries an' keep your mouf shut, an' den some dark night you'll hear more'a you eber did in the dav time.' .?; . . . Though Tascar's share in the dark conspiracy against %- British garrison was rather humble, he was more than satisfied, and was so elated with -bis Secret and his importance that old Gula ?ncea. ? Whaffl ia de matter, chile ? 'Pears like you'se : a-buitin' -wid sumfinV . ButTaacar, by a might effort, was able to keep his * mouf shut.' ? Verealso asked, * How is it you get coin of late 'fnrthfifrriK.P' ' ' * I gits it honest, Missy Vera,' was all that the ? . (able sphinx would vouchsafe. ' But one July midnight he roused them all by his ' irildand excited criee. . t. 'DarJ darJ' ,he shouted, 'Pomney's goin' fur de Redcoats. ' I'ae in de 'spiracy, un' mus' go to Viis mother's expostulations. #. The heavy jar of brief cannonade, and the faint .departs of musketry, satisfied Vera and her father coaia oaniewMm progress. To tbsmaiden these ; Brands suggested danger to the one ever present in her thonghto, and, in the solemn night they werepeculiarlv ominous and depressing. She soon learned how profoundly she had reason '^ ^ , '7*™ wiM«iiuw» vi u»luio, i.or uub availing, ' a few days after the capture of Stony Point, Tascar induced his great luminary, Pompey, to come and Mam on the inmates of the cabin for an hour, and to relate the events of theaesaultiasfarasheBaw and imagined them. Tasear was peculiarly eager to bring about tke recitation of thisepic, notonly that be might, aa one of the « 'spiratore.' reflect a few rays of Pompey'e; but also that his master learn of an important American success, and that Tern might hear how strangely Saville had acted. He introduced his friend as the hero of the oc «arion, declaring excitedlv, . ; /P^^P^eUeTe/MtB'r^BTOws^ Pompey. tokj our folks right into de fort, an' cotched 'bout a million Red-coate?' 'Well,' began Pompey, with a patronising glance at Tasca?, ' I don't 'spose dere was quite eo many as dat, an' den you must know, Mas'r Brown, dat I had 'siderable help. From what dis yer peart boy hab i told me, you'se °ud like to know how 'twas done.' ' We would indeed,' said Vera, welcoming any thing tost beguiled ier ead thoughts for an hour. Tascar had not told her that Pompey had aught to relate of Sarille, for he was magnanimous enough to detract in no respect from the force and f resh- ueas oi nu mesas «nrranoD, Jie naa aiuu:u iu Pompey that Mas'r Brown would be greatly pleased to hear any tidings of Saville ; but, with a little diplomacy of bis own, said nothing of Vera's in terest. He bad not been a member of a 'spiracy' for nothing, and could keep other secrete than t&osa; of Pompey to himself. ' Well, you sae, Mes'r and Missy Brown,' Pom pey continued, assuming ahistoric air and attitude, 'it all begin in a 'spiracy, an' I was de big 'spirat tor. Sis yer chile was in de 'spiracy too (and he laid a patronising hand on Tascar's head), ' an' his part was to pick de berries an' keep his mouf shut, lie's a peart boy, an' a good 'spirator. Tascar, in the exuberance of his delight at such high praise, stood on his head a moment, and then righted himself again in the attitude of an in tensely eager listener. ? Pompey complacently waited till the boy was through with his demonstration, as an orator or actor might yield a moment to an outburst of ap plause, and then proceeded : ' De 'spiracy rested on two things : De British assifers Jike strawberries, an'my mas'r and Gio'ral Washington liked ter know what de Hed- coats was up ter. I (with an air of conscious power) ' was able to guv bof parties what dey wanted. I tuck de berries inter de fort, an' I brought back ebery thing I seed an' heerd, an' often, my head was fuller when I came out dan my basket when I went in. Well, ter get in an* out 1 had ter hab what dey call A nmiflttraifrn ? a anrt. nh cuein' nr ?arnvt\ rind in lilra a key dat unlocks de do.' It's a mighty quar ting, de countysign is ; it jes' makes 'em big granny deers likesuckin', latnbe, wbeu, if you babn't any countersign, dey'd spit you on depo'int ob dare bayonets. ' Well, IVe had allors carried de berries to de Red-coatB in de daytime ; but arter a while de 'spiracy got deeper, and m&s;'r tole me dat Gin'ral Washington wanted ter see if he couldn't took de fort some dark night. So I put on a long face de nest time I went, and said, 'Cun'fc pit hare no mo' in rinxliclit. Urmin' corn time's come ; mas'r can't spare me ;' and dey said, ' Must hab our berries. Vou come ebenin's, and we'll let you in and out ; for you'se an inner cent Aarkey, an? wouldn't do no more harm dan a mule.' 1 said, ' Yes mas'rs, I'se jes as innercent as a mule,' an' I tole de truf , for you know, ilas'r Brown, you neber can tell when a mule is a-gwine to kick up. ' Well, i tuck de berries in at night, an' all went smooth as He a few days, an' de countysign let me in an' out in de dark las' as well as in de light. On de fourteenth ob de month my mas'r said, ' Pompey you'se got a long head. We don't want a dorg nowhar near Stony P'int, knse dey might bark de wrong time, you know. Can you fix 'em so dey wont bark to-morrow night?' an' den he wink one eye ]es' dis way. ' Den I knew de 'spiracy wasa-gettin' deeper yit, an' takin' in de dorgs. Wneneber dey wanted some ?tYnnadir Aatr all«N nnma 4-n -ma an' Aavr 1-ni-irrmA dat dey only way dey could eber getaroun' dem ar dorgs was by strogedy. I tink pffful strong afew minutes, an' den I said, ' Mas'r Lamb' jes' leave dem dorgs to me. H any ob 'em barks to-morrow night, den Jdorgs hab ghosts jes' as much as oder folks.' Dat night I tuck down de berries in one basket and sumiin' for de doTgs in anoder. Whar I knowed people lived dat thought mo' ob daro dorgs dan of de country 1 jes' drapped a chunk ob seasoned meat,1 an' watched till 1 seed it tucked away whar it would be werry quietin'. To de true-blue Whigs I eays.Uin'ral Washington doesn't want no dorgs ? barkin' to-morrow night. Den 1 winked jes' as mas'r did, on' dat waaenuff. ' Tee been 'tickler in latin' dese parts.kase here's whar de strogedy comes in, an' it all 'pendedon strogedy. Anybody kin fight an* git knocked on de head, but in disease everybody, even Gin'xal vi ODUUlgHMi, u#u tris wait till A U UQUG Up UO 'Weight fifteenth come, an' it was a big day an* a bigger night. Yoq heerd de guns, but dare had tec be a po'ful lotob strogedy afore dey was fired, an' all de great ' gin'rals anr kunnels, and captingsfoun'dat dey couldn't gitonwidout Pom pey. Gin'rai Wayne, de one -de call 'Mad Anthony/' was dehead ob it all, an' he 'rived sum fin' less dan two mileB below tie Ptot arter dark, an' he had quite* lot ob Continentals wid him, not so werry many, dough, for he was 'pendin' on my strogedy aore'n hard nghtin'. ' Gin'ral Wayne stopped his men out ob sight, an' was jes' a-»tartin' wid a lot ob his big ossiters vw hhuw u d\^wujw uv ua lUdiilDUQlQ fill '4O toCQWU leadin'tode fort, when we heerd a boss comin'us if de debbsl war arter him, an' some 'un dashed up like mad. 'Why, Saville,' said Gin'ral Wayne ' how in de name ob wonder did you git here?'' I jes' heerd what was on foot, an' 1 stole away jine de 'epeditionas awolunteer,' 'Kunnel De Fluerv says you're mo'reckless dan I is,' said de gin'ral, ' an' it won't do ter hub too many hot heads in dis ticklish bizness; bo I'll put you in charge ob de kunnel; and you must keep back and 'bey orders.' ' I proniise, gin'ral to keep back,' said de one dey call Saville, ' till you say de fust man dat gits to de centr ob de fort is de best man,' and den dey let him go.' Vera had been listening with a half smile on her lam, for she could sot help being amused hv the negro s droll manner and boundless egotism ; but, at. the mention of Saville's name, she became deathly pale and very faint; by great effort, how ever, she controlled herself sufficiently not to inter rupt the narrative. ? Now, you mus' know,- Mas'r Brown, dat de Britishers was a little careless, kase dey said de 'citation ob de fort was ee po'ful strong dat de rebs couldn't tuck it ; an' no mo' dey couldni widout strogedy, an' dat was de reason dey wanted me all de time, De fort is on a great, high, rocky hill, an' de Water ob deribber comes all aroun' in front ob it, an' to'rd de land dere's wide nasty mash, whar de mud is deeper dan de water, an' you'd go down inter it kerchunk! right ober yer head. Stony P'int's a kind ob island, an' deonly way to gitdareis bya long, narrow kasewny, whar mv ole missus, wid a broomstick, could keep back a regiment. We could only git across dat ar place by atrogedy, on' Bo de ail was dependib' on me. ? Well, Gin'ral Wayne an' Kunnel De Fluery, an' him dey call C&pting; Saville, look all nroun' as near uo uey cuuiu bu doe De seen, an ail was still. Ue dorgs was werry quiet, an' dey seed dat I had fixed eberyting jes' right. ' About de middle ob de night all de eogers started, an' I goes on ahead wid the gin'ral aa' all big men, kase I had de eountysigs, aa' was to keep ondoin'de 'portantpart ob cie strogedy. I had to nab dehelpjiow ob two oder 'spirators : so dey had two big men fixed up like ole farmers, an' deywasto go along wid me. When de sogera got near de fort, de gin'rai stopped dem agin, an' he sent me an de ole farmers on ahead while he and some ossifers followed slaw like. Capting Saville wanted to go wid me, but de gin'ral called him back. * Well, I had my basket ob berries jest de same as eber— Tasc&r; here pick 'em for me— an' de ole farmers was each aTcarryin' a sbeep ; an' eo we trudged along up to de fust sent'ne), as innocent as mules, sure 'nuff. De man knowed rue, and had let me by often afore ; so I steps up to him to guv de countysign, which was, 'De fort is our own.' an' de old farmers folleredjdose on my heels. While I wasa-wbisperin' de countysign an' a talkin', dey was to carry out the rest ob de strogedy. ' ' De fort's our own,' says 1 to de Britisher, ' Correct, band hit'll stay hour hown.' savs 8e Eed coat. ' You doesn't tink I'm a-gwine to take it away in my basket, ter-night, does yer ?' ' What hao you Lin de basket?' says he. ' Help your self,' says I, an' while he was a-f umblin' about de basket, de two old farmers jump on him, an' tuck away bis muskit, anj stopped his mouf so tight he couldn't git no berries in nor no sound out. Down by de kaseway dere was anoder sent'ue), but we come de stroge'dy ob him, de same wav. But de tide was so high dat even de kaseway was kivered wid water, an' strogedy couldn't help dat, an' so dey all had ter wait till de tide lowered. But Capting Saville wouldn't wait, and was a-gwine to feel his way ober through de water when de gin'ral call him back agin. Po'ful brave man, dat Capting SaviHe. but no cood at strogedy _ The excellent decorations at Hudson Brother* kst Saturday, w«r« designed and executed by Mr, A. P»p4nB^0jMW£n.JS. . „ ... 