CABNAQUHEEN CHRONICLES. No. IV. TOBY MAY AND THE BUNYIP. " Two -years ago," said Toby May, " I stept it from the Craigendarroch when she was in Adelaide, and for a while went to work on a farni up Gawler way, but a fellow might as well be a galley slave as a farm hand in South Australia in harvest time, fo you don't get over good tucker, and the farmer's wife looks at every mouthful you eat—at least the one I was with did. Then you have to begin at daylight in the morning, and work on to all hours of the night, the BUD streaming down on you as if it wanted to boil your blood into black pudding, and melt the brass buckle in your belt, and so as that farmer vhaden't any good looking daughters, and diden't keep a slavey, why I humped my swag, and started on the Wallaby track.. " Well, I got jobs here and there, but threw them up for various reasons till I found my way to the Darling, and got a knockabout billet on a sheep station on the banks of it, where I'd plenty to eat and little to do, except to make myself generally useless. "The gaffer was a great strapping fellow. t)ft. 2in. in height, with shoulders as wide as a door, and the strength of a lior.se when he liked to put it out, which was not very often, but when lie did other people knew it as well as himself. He never interfered with any of the hands, as he left all business matters to his overseer, a Scotchman, named McPherson, who hud been reared ou brose, and knew a good sheep from a bad one as far off as anyone else could see it. Like the gaffer he was a quiet reserved man, who, so long as you j did your work properly, seldom spoke to you j good or bad; but if you did not he'd just give you your cheque and your travelling ticket at the same time, so that people knew what to expect, and did the fair thing. "Mr. Hawkins—for that was the squatter's name—had not been long married, his •wife being a pretty dark little creature, as lively as a kitten, and a regular colonial, for she had been born and bred ou the river, and could ride, pull a boat, swim or shoot like a man. She and her husband seemed to get on first-class together, for lie let her do just what he liked, BO that she did not bother him too much, and anybody could see she was very fond of him. I often used to think I'd , like to step into his shoes, for I'd as lief been that squatter as the Prince of Wales, and I believe he himself was of the same opinion. 4 1 Well, things went on all square till Christmas time, and I began to consider myself a fixture on the station, more especially as the housemaid was the regular-built two ends of a pretty girl, and as good as she was good-looking—none of your flirting, cheeky young baggages you see so many of, as bad a cheerful -ftbrd for everyone,' jfKch did not seem to give encouragement fdrauything further. She wasen't a kissing mark for all hands to pull and maul about She did not have to say, ' Keep your hands off,' 'cause 110 one dared to put them on her. " Well, I and Mary Ann seemed to hit it iine, and in fact had half agreed to get spliced as soon as we could muster as much money as would buy a chest of drawers and a cradle (it's too hot about there for feather beds), but I suppose it wasn't to be, at least not iu a hurry, for bofore this had come to pass I left there suddenly. " The head station was iu the sharp elbow of the river, with fine gum trees all around it, growiu iu the gullies, ruuniug down to the water's edge, but a6 I've not much time to spare I won't go into description; but just start on the lively part of my story. " Well, it was the evening of Chviotmatj Day, aud the gafiier, who had come home from a two months' absence with his wife in town, gave us what grog he thought would do us good without hurting us, and we had managed to get some more without his knowledge, which spoiled the balance between rational enjoyment aud tomfoolery, as I'll explain presently. " Well, there was a good swarm of us in the men's kitchen (for that wan the coolest shop about the place), having a few songs and a dunce or so, for as there were some married women about the station the wives came in with their husbands, aud they persuaded the girls from (joveiiuuent-house to come iu too, and a pleasant evening we had. a Well, when it was getting midling late some of the hands began yarning about different things, and Gus Pierce, the horsedriver, started one about a strange animal he had seen in a deep hole in die river just round at the back of the station, down itream. He said it was about the size ef a small seal, but that it had got a sort of long mane on the back of its neck. It seemed to be a regular playful sort of beast, diving aud swimming about like an otter, but was very shy, for directly it heard the slightest noise it made straight for the foot of the big gum tree there, and disappeared in an instant. It was the " bunyip" he felt sure, and, said he, 1 if I could swim as well as you, Toby, I'd try to catch it, for it would be worth any money for a travelling show. 1 " Well, I'd 'had a glass or two too many, and, I'd been blowing about my swimming, eo as Mary Ann was there I felt bmye enough for anything, and said, 4 If I'd BBen in your place, Gus, I'd have had a go for it if it had been a haligator.' " O would you ?" said Gus, for lie had not been drinking, and wanted to make little of me before Mary Ann, as he was sticking up to her himself. ' Well, you had better go and catch.it then, for 10 chances to one it is swimming about in that pool now, 'Tis about it's time. " Well, said I, if it turns up there to- night I'll tackle it, bunyip or no bunyip. 1 ' " Don't be foolish, Toby," said Mary Ann, and she was quite red in the face as she said it. " You stay where you are," but as all the r rest laughed I felt nettled, and swore I'd have it, or know the reason why. " Yes," said Gus Pierce sneering, " and how many will you want to help you—take us all, I suppose, and then good-bye to it, for it has eare a8 sharp as a wallaby, and-clears out at the sh'ghtest noise." " If none of the others are of more account than you, Gus, the fewer I take with me the better; but I'm quite enough by myself, for it will have to be more than amphibious to be able to swim better than I can. It will have to be a fish, and no bunyip." " Well, all laughed at this except Mary Ann, who seemed to be regularly vexed and ashamed, for she had tried to keep me from drinking all the evening, and now getting up she said in a sort of reproachful way, ' For goodness sake don't make such a show of yourself," aud off she went to the house for good, though the rest tried hard to persuade her to slop a little longer. 1 1 If I had been sober I should have seen that sbe was right. In fact I did 'then, but that only made me more pig headed aud obstinate, for it seemed as if she was making little of me before the rest, and so directly 4 she was gone I said, I'll bet my bottom dollar I catch that bunyip to-night." 4 How much does your bottom dollar represent," asked Gus Pierce, grinning. 4 Well, whatever is coming to me," 1 answered. 4 1 0," said GUB, 44 I've not so much as that to bet, but I'll wager you a note you don't do it." 4 4 Done with you," said 1, striking my hand into his and trying to stand steady, 44 and now as it's past 10 o'clock Til start at once for a stroll down stream, and look out for it." Then, because the other hands were passing the bottle, I must take another nobbier, and off I rolled down'to the side of the river, but if I was far gone in the hut I seemed to be a deal w r orse directly I got into the open air. Though stupid as an owl I was still desperately bent on doing something grand. After all my blowing I'd show Mary Ann what I could do, and 1 did with a vengeance. 4 1 Well, the more 1 thought of Gu6 Pierce the more savage I felt, especially as he'd been hanging after Mary Ann a deal more than I liked lately, and so you may think I wasen't in a very fit state to consider the difference between a bunyip and a Murray cod, but just in the fruue of njind itp jpatch either without line or net. 4 i On I went blundering for about half a mile, now rolling into a gully, and then nearly goiug head first into the river, but I did not see anything particular, so turned back again, and just when I got near the old gum, tree I heard a blowing and spluttering in the water, so I just slipt off my boots and crept to the bank as fjuiet as J could, and presently heard the nojse close under the edge of the bank"where I was, so sliding out of my dunnage like an eel out of a basket, in I dives as near the sound as I could, aud rose right alongside of something, swimming and splashing like mad. However, I sees something resembling a mane on the back of its neck, and managed to cluteh it, when what does the bunyip say but, 4 Take your hands off my hair, you, villain !' and then it yelled, 4 William ! William! William V 4 4 Well, boys, that bunyip was Mis. Hawkins, in a bathing rig-out, and her husband (Mr. Hawkins), lazy as usual, was lying beside the big gum tree, while his wife was taking a cooler, for she had learnt to swiin from the black lubras when she was a child, aud now always liked to have one when she was at the station in hot weather, but I diden't know that, seeing she had not begun to bathe before she left to go to Adelaide. 4 4 Well, I let go her hair as if it was red hot, and making a dive—for I was sober enough then—went down stream like a submarine telegraph, just coming to the surface to blow now and then, and be pelted with chunks of wood by Mr. Hawkins, who balanced more oaths in air at one time than the cleverest acrobat in a circus could halls. 4 4 It is lucky for me that he was in such a rage, for the ghost of Toby May would now be haunting the bends of the river at midnight if oue of those chunks had claimed a too close acquaintance with my wooden head, but fortune favours the brave, and she did me, but I'd got to go through a lot more adventures before I turned in that night. 4 4 Well, after telling me that he would have me yet, he went back to the gum tree to see that his wife was all right, and as he did not seem to come back I just struck iu for a low place in the bank, and crawled out of the water feeling much smaller than when I dived in, for I saw it all then except one thing, and that was what was best to be done next. 4 4 Well, I crept back to the place wiiere I had left my clothes, stopping to listen every step, and laying flat on the ground now aud then to see if anything showed up against the sky, but all was clear, and so, after groping about a bit I found my boots, and put them on, for the old etumpe of grass Were not pleasant to paddle about on barefooted, but as for the rest of my dunnage— why it wasen't there. " That was a nice pickle for a fellow to be in, for though I looked all right in the dark, I wasen't too well rigged out to sluue in company. Besides the gaffer was in an awful rage, and had said something about 'Quilp,' his bull-dog, a savage brute, that had always to be tied up because he'd eat the blacks alive if he got loose, and so thinks I if that dog should come along here he'll be mistaking me for a blackfellow in this bad light, and get tearing my clothes, which, though I am a hairy man like Esau, could bring his teeth too close to my ilesh to be pleasant, aud so I sliuks off down the river a bit, and came back to the station by the road, thinking to creep in when all was quiet. 1 4 Well, Fd just got to the big gateway when up rushes all the station dogs full cry, and if I had not leaped like a mountebank on to the top of one of the gate-posts, which had a fine broad surface (for 'twas a gum tree sawn fair off), they'd have treated me like a cake of greaves, which would have been rather a grievous thing for me, and as it was they kept leaping up around it, snapping at my legs like the flames of a bonfire round a big tree, trying to catch the low branches. 4 Holy Moses, wasen't I frightened, for there was two or three kangaroo dogs nearly as savage as Quilp himself, and as active as evil spirits,, so 1 had to balance mys^if oil one leg like Tagiioni, and keep the other going, kicking at the brutes like mad, Wasen't it lucky I'd got my boots on, eh V BUM he fun was only beginning, though I fell lit to drop off the post, let alone ilie times I nearly toppled over after giving an extra vicious kick at Spring or Banjo, for they were the wickedest of the swarm, aud seemed determined to have me. 0, thinks I, as I gritted my teeth in desperation, if G us Pierce was only here alongside me I'd be content to be turned into dogs meat, if I could but see him scoff'd iirgt. 4 Then I heard voices, and the sound of feet coming from the station, and wow! wow! wow! in Quilp's lovely voice close handy, and 1 began to feel a cold sweat breaking out all over me to think of the ridiculous figure I was cutting, let alone the danger of it, when a happy thought struck me, and I yelled out, 4 Seizuni, Quilp ; seizuin, Banjo'—for they were mortal enemies— ' Hould em, boys,' and the next miimit there was as pretty an all round dog fight as a man could wish to see, for Quilp aud Baujo went in for it as principals, aud all the; rest as aiders and abettors, though 1 did not stop to speculate on the issue, you bet; no boys, I put for the station as fast as I could trot, so as to miss the main body of those coming, and thought I was landed all right, but just as I did, 4 Yap! jap ! yap !' came bright at my heels, and as I swung round sharp to set the owner of it up in the shoe line, I got a stern chaser myself that nearly sent me sailing round the moon, and I thought iny head was jerked off ; then before I was quite sure it wasen't, the gaffer had got hold of me, and was giving me goss, while the terrier sharpened his teeth on my hind legs, ready for the next rat hunt." (To be Continued.) 