ST. ANDREW'S CHURCH, SEVEN HILLS. Yesterday the foundation-stone of St. Andrew's Church of England, Seven Hills, was laid by the Bishop of Sydney, in presence of about 300 persons. The site, one of the most beautiful that could be chosen within a radius of miles, is on the crest of Ward's Hill, near the Seven Hills Road, and about a mile and a half from the railway station. Around it, as far as the eye can reach, stretch gentle undu- lations of garden land, dotted with pleasant residences, and laid out in rich pastures, or in orangeries now bearing an abundunt crop ot their golden fruit. This land was the gift of Mr. Pearce, a gentleman who has taken a lively interest in the work of the Church. The building, whose dimen- sions are 38 feet by 26 feet, with a 15 feet chancel, will be built in the early, English style, and the plan shows it is a little model of tasteful architecture. It will have a neat porch, a vestry, and a picturesque little bell tower. The materials are brick, on stone foundations. Subscriptions for its erection have come in well, and it is hoped that when in four months it is finished, it can be opened absolutely free of debt. Mr. A. L. Elphinstone, of Sydney, is the architect, and Mr John Webb, of Parra- matta, the contractor. Among those present at yesterday's ceremony were :- The Rev R. R. Eva, incumbent of the church; the Rev. Dr. A. Woolls, the Rev. Mr. Phillips, and the Building Committee-Messrs. G. H. Pearce, Thomas Smith, G. Lambert, R. Howard, Joseph Luke, J. Staff, R. Davis, and J. J. Pearce. The site of the proposed church was gay with pretty flags, the stone was adorned with flowers, and in the cavity beneath it was deposited a bottle containing the usual coins and documents. At 1 o'clock the ceremony commenced, the Bishop and his assistant clergymen being the centre of a ring of spectators. The choir was, for a country place, a remarkably strong one, and a young lady acted efficiently as organist. Hymn No. 578 was sung, and then the Rev. R. R. Eva and the congregation repeated by alternate verses. Dr. Woolls read the lesson, 1 Cor. iii., after which the Rev. Mr. Phillips read the Collect for Trinity Sunday, and that for St Andrew's Day. The stone was then duly placed and fixed, the Bishop assisting, and after- wards pronouncing- "I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church, "to be built in this place : to be named the Church of St. Andrew, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. " The remainder of the service consisted of the Apostles' Creed, and appropriate prayers, after which the Bishop pronouncd tho benediction, and the ceremony was over. A collection was then made. Those present then adjourned to a booth erected close at hand where a plentiful repast had been laid. This booth, a long cool chamber, was built of saplings, roofed with tar paulins; its sides were a lattice work of green boughs, decked on the inside with lovely flowers, and on the outside with streaming flags. During the meal three Italian musicians, two violinists, and a harpist played well-known operatic and ballad music with good taste, and after the tables were cleared a few speeches were made. The Rev R. R. EVA mentioned that the new church was to accomodate 150 people, and that the present contract, with all expenses would amount to about £720. They had £538 5s, 6d, n hand or promised, and that day had collected an additional £30. The Rev. Dr. WOOLLS had viewed, with much gratification, the ceremony that had just taken place, and asked them to express their thanks to the Bishop of the Diocese for coming amongst them. The future historian of the colony would have to record that Bishop Barker had taken the helm of the Church of England during a very critical period of its existence, and had guided it safely through all the shoals and quicksands which encompassed it. Preventing churches from being closed, and continually establishing new ones, he had been, amongst them for a quarter of a century, and very few colonial Bishops had ruled a diocese so long, so successfully, and in such harmony with the clergy. In future ages the name of Bishop Barker would bo looked upon as that of the greatest bene- factor of the Church in these colonies. The speaker could dwell upon this topic were not the subject of it present, a circumstance which was a check upon him. He congratu- lated them upon the result of their labours, for he looked upon the building of a church as a new era in a place. Instead of country people going about on Sunday in their weekly dress, they reverence the day outwardlv, and what was of far moro im- portance, the country church wasan ever present protest against anything wrong or immoral. After a few more words of congratulation and of reference to the kindness of the Bishop in attending, he concluded his speech. The Rev. Mr. PHILLIPS seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. The Bishop of SYDNEY, who, on rising, was received with applause, said that he had attended that day upon a matter which most intimately concerned them. There were what were called burning questions in this day, but he was not going to add to the heat of the summer sun by saying anything about them. He would leave Pastorals alone, Education alone and everything else alone, except the benefit which would arise to that community bv tho erection of the new Church of St. Andrew. As Dr. Woolls had said, the building of a church was a responsible and momentous event. It was not generally considered such, and men were generally more desirous of building their own houses and adding field to field than of building the temple of the Redeemer. It was certainly a necessity that the body should be cared for, and natural that the slab hut and the weatherboard house should give place in time to the mansion; but it should also be that as Abra- ham built an altar to tho Lord wherever he settled and pitched his tent, those who came strangers and pilgrims to a new country should see that in the course of time the taber nacle should give place to the temple. The site of the Church whose foundation we had laid was intended to emu- late ancient Rome, and those who named it looked forward to the time when cities to lsst for ages would be planted upon the Seven Hills. These pioneers of the district were at first satisfied with the bark hut or the school-house, but the time came when the bark hut and the school house had to give way to a richer expression of their love to God, and a more enduring mark of their own increased wealth and pros- perity. It would be a centre of union, of brotherly love, and of kindly feeling, a repression of all that could promote strife and dissension. It would be not only a protest against what was vicious and evil, but a proof of the people's belief in the presence of God, in His readiness to hear and answer prayer, and in the incarnation and atonement of His Son. In it would carried on that simple worship, the reformed Protestantism, which he desired to see in every Anglican Church, a protest against Ritualism; and what Ritualism led to-Romanism. He thanked Dr. Woolls for what he had said of him, as he valued the good opinion of one who had been in the colony for a longer period than himself. He accepted what had beeon said of him, not with pride, but with thankfulness, that in the presence of his people it could be said that the Bishop of Sydney had tried to do his duty. He asked no nobler epitaph than that which surmounted the grav of the heroic Lawrence in India, "Here lies a man who trjied to do his duty." This was one of his pleasant duties, one for which he thanked the Almighty God, and in response to their thanks, he must assure them that he would like to have to repeat it every week. They should be thankful to the family of Pearce, a family so numerous that it was almost necessary to revive an old Roman custom in their case. When a Roman went " wooing the sweet voices" of electors he was accompanied by a " nomenclator," an officer whose duty it was to pluck the candidate by the robe and inform him that the person he was about to meet was Marcus Aurelius, or whoever else it might be. He would be glad of a Seven Hills nomenclator to constantly tell him what Mr. Pearce he was to meet. The site of the new church was one of the most beautiful in the colony, and he hoped that the building would be to all in the district what Dr. Woolls had said-a means and source of union. Every feeling should be forgotten in this one " We are trying to do the work of our heavenlv Master," and he trusted that if his life were spared, and they were speedy in the work before them, the tent he was in would hold another congregation assembled for the consecration of the Church. He hoped it could then be said not only that the Church building was free from debt, but that its fencing and all other matters were paisd for also. That this might be accomplished was his earnest prayer. He thanked them for what had been said of him, and, with every desire for the common welfare, regretted that he was obliged to say to them-good-bye (Applause. ) The Rev. Mr. EVA then thanked the clergy and other visitors, and the proceedings terminated. In the evening a concert was held in the school-house, which was well attended. A MetlitvA al Hostelt j is to be nistituterl m Zuiich 1 he walls of the interior AVill bo d emated with paintings and inscriptions nftpr the ancient fashion, nud at the end of ttio chiof room will bo ii pilo ni buiels, ] iiiitod in diverse colours OP the tables yy ill be brcud and tobacco, matches will be replaced by flint and steel instead of newspapers tbeie will bo the Chronicles of the 16th 17th, and 18th centuries, no bottles or glasses will be seen, but only leathern jacks and goblets, whilo the waiters will be costumed aftci the mode ot tho "drayveis" of the Middle Ages ibis is certainly carrying leahsui to athoatucal oint, but we trust that the " sack " will be somewhat etter than the mero toaBt-ajid-wator of tho stage 