THE KELLY SCAKE. The Kellys have murdered three or four policemen by open violence, and if they continue at liberty much longer ibov trill be responsible (cays the Sydney Evening Nans) for tho death of a number of harmless people by tho fatal inauenco of fear. We would not insin uate that any of the Victorian policemen will give up the ghost through this cause but it is quite possible that some of the bank managers will. A caso occurred recently at jno or the country branches of tlie Bank of Viotoria, which illustre tos tho extreme danger of the prejent condition of affairs. A middle-aged gentleman of timid disposition had been sent from Melbourne to take charge of the branch, and he ml fall; resolved to dcfpiul his charge with every drop of blood iu his body. He was a prudent man, had known something of military tactics ass VnlantnT.au.! ih-ref.in- he made ,' his disposition.) cautiously, firmly con vinced that the Kellys noul.l emir, he rat in the bank with tun rer.iher- in his 1 »- - J t , and .,n,! full c,,,:k,. 1 ii, his hand. Hi assistant was also armed with re volvers, and a policeman patrolled the place continually. As nn additional measure of precaution, a piece i.f twine was pa«sed round tho arms of tho man ager and tho clerk, that they might coinmnnicate instantaneously and silently The Saturday after tho bank was closed a loud rap was heard at the door. The twine was twitched, and the tuauager made sure tho hour was come. Ho ma.lc the policeman cov.-r the iIot with his rillc. The clerk stood nn the counter with two revolvers pointed to the Joor, and lbs manager, witii a revolver in one hand, opened tho door an inch and a half with the other. 'Who's there?' he asked, in a loud voice, but not with out a quiver of emotion. Instead of th- reply of Ned Kelly and four com rades, a shrill squeaky voico replied 'Missus says the dinner's ready.' a strong constitution, and we learn with satisfaction that the worthy manager has open removed to the safer prcciuts of tho bank in Melbourne. 