LAUNCESTON ob than EXAMINER.ta IPUBLISHEID DAILY.l ince TIWJSDA Y, OCr(OBEl? 151, 1870. poen Tun Reiboy-Crowther and Crowther quo -ReibeyMinistrioomayvoryappropriatOly the be designated the noalingoring Ministries ban -all sham and no business, and the one soli now in ollico is not in power, but is pro powerleos-perpetually in session, but int, without progress. It ought to be treated cmn like other inalingers shamming sickness, ant and oummarily scoorged from place by a to political cat o'nino tails, mnorcilesely pro applied. The present Administration see resembles Peckeniff's horse, always "a lai going to go,-" but never going-ever r asking for time, but nover giving any. - thing in return. They have in the in course of two innings been unable to tll frame an estimate that would receive the tils s anction of Parliament, and the civil 55o servants have twice during that term been un left without their monthly pay, and at the thll present time there is not a fraction pro- ar vided for the salaries duo on lot Novont- die bor. This conduct is intolerable, and ve deprives the people and their reprosonta- ali tires of the opportunity of revising the go expenditure in detail. It is the primary on duty of a Ministry to produce an ag acceptable budget. If they cannot do Oi this, they (have not the slightest title to K s office, and should at once retire, and so foi remove an obstruction to the general th welfare. But the present Ministers have ji clung tonaciously to the emoluments, and roy have made responsible government a th mockery which hind far better be swept K away than be continued with the finances hb ° in complete disorder, and a deficiency pr o next year of some sixty thousand pounds; tic U with an expenditure of nearly four nil hundred thousand pounds for the govern- be ° mentofonohundrodandtontlhousandsouls; as while the wholo government of Scotland ji with upwards of three millions souls, costs op only twenty-seven thousand pounds per in o annusn*; and, Ireland with five million in inhabitants only a few thousands more, of a and together amount to About the sum Al n which the colony has to pay every year for it d its two railways, which will require a A m ucsl larger population to make them Cu really remunerative. n \- And what is the remedy proposed for 0 this disastrous state of affairs I The b increaseof the publictdebt bythe expondi; it turo of some three hindrrdd thousand t pounds on Public Works, the pur" a shaso of the Main Lino Railway and of the wreck of the Morsey and Dolornine t Tramway by borrowed money, which would increase the debt of the colony by t in a million sterling, involving on annual charge of fifty *honsand pounds if the t th colony could borrow at par for five -per cent ! A good story is told of a thirsty 1\. snob with empty pockets who told hiis I or- boy to take a can and got a pot of porter. 1 10 " But, father, where is the money I" "Oh I anybody can got a pot of porter for I sy, money, but to get the liquor without I msidsy, that's ths trick !" The boy went c per lia way and ii duoo'time returned with at the v'essel, saying :-"Drink, father." But the parent said :-" There's nothing in the can." " Yes," said thise young hope. ful, "anybody can drink porter if it were in the can, but to drink it out of the can which has none, that's the trick I" a7 The Crowther-Reiboy Ministry have ° simply beentreating the Railway Company and the country to a Barmnocide feast, on which as everyone knows they will not get eg. fat. The finance operation proposed by no them is one worthy of madmen, but not of his those who have the smallest muodicum of es common sense. But can seth proposals be °d serious? Nothing of the sort. They are the outcome of transparent sham, and will ce, delude none-not even those whose dis tricts have boon scheduled for votes. The sh- embarrassed state of the finances of the ti colonyanditsenormous yearly expenditure 1 preclude the hope of any reduction unless by an amount of taxation that do would render residence in the colony all set, but intolerable. Evens now a land tax of oude something like ten per cent. is inevitable, ged which should be limited to a railway tax __. and exclusively applied for the purpose of paying the interest on these undertakings, u tI and in extinguishing the principal. Indeed a prudent Ministry would set about paying off the public debt already so needlessly .m.; incurred, and so recklessly spont. This own colony ought to have no public debt, and unless we take warning in time we, too, as will be involved in the same disgrace and ruin as some of the colonies around us are certain to experience, and which have lt, overtaken Turkey, Egypt, and other countries. Peru, which is a case in point, it, 4 succumbed years ago, and was simply ruined byrailroadeconstructedto "develop her resources," and by means of borrowed capital on which they are unable to pay either principal or interest. of The maudlin talk of Mr Rtibey during the debate last week renal have beena sorry exhibition. What hsad tse fousnder of Dslwich College to do weith the charges ad- preossd heome Isy Mr Giblin 1 And wise sase cares a etraw absut justice being done to for him after lhis death 1 We have no 0 if doubt he will get hisl deeerta, as 0on Mr Douglas eald, both before and after Isis demise, if any one cares to ro mesmber one whso is no apostle of "saweet neassand light!' Mr fliblin and every other member on the Oluposition benches V;may he boundlee of inconeistency, bet what has that to do withs the conduct of the Government 1 Argomcotssi ad hoe mmcme oir oil icidfiuom was equally omut of plano. The reggod Ministry uvere on trial; their reputation torn to tatter,, isecapable, unscrupulous, imbecile, and the country of vanted a defence of their inanition, and toif that were inspousible, a frank cou afeesion of egreginous failure. But Mr iss eibey hsad nothing to say to the charges idlpreferred, not evesn theo ghost of an ex \- use for the financial mie-statemnenta of edhis Treaosurer, or of an pooyfor the myinsult to the colony fortwiceodntrudlnginsto SSee Blackwoode a JMagzinec. oflice for which he was no more competent I MI than to load an army to battle. Ono lesson we hope will be impressod on constituen acei at the next elections:-that to roturn A incompetent representatives muta resultitn hIoh persontal and reilative loss, and in lasting n injury to the colony, and that those well to qualified to tako part in the business of All the country and who have sellishly kept 7 back hitherto, have brought on theom- Caj solves additional taxation which their fer presence would have averted. A dozen intelligent mnbo with the welfare of the dao I country solely at heart, and no sinister vat and selfish ends in view would givea tone At t to the Aooembly which it fearfully lacks at r present, and prevent those disgraceful s scones that occasionally diogust society at 1c a large. go r --- 0 Ir would appear from the proceedings it o in the Logislative Council out Tuesday in a that the Cabinet is without a head or elsc u e that the members are in mutiny. We sa: LI never had any iniegiving as to the utter dIt a unfitness of natum of them for positions go e they no earnestly coveted and which they It' . are so loth to relinquisht ; but after thet disclosures referred to surely none will ti d venture to tecume their apologist. It is in . almost incredible that any one could be xi ti e guilty of such recklass folly-could no of y outrage common decency as was charged i n against the Premier and admitted by him. h ,o Our readers will remember that Mrs ti o Kenny teas prosecuted by the Crown It a for perjury in connection with j a1 the New Norfolk acandal : the 1 o jury did not agree, and the accused was I d reomanded for another trial. But whilst a the Attorney-Generaltwas proccuting lre 1: it Kenny, the Premier (Dr. Crowther) was t to busying himself on her behalf, and he in y proved to have had a hand in tie prepara s; tioni of an appeal to the public for pecu Er niary help on the ground that site had t E. been "illegally removed from her ollice, 1' *; end nitjitoll ytroseeetted fotr tllegeti par d jury ;" and the document woent on to 9 to speak of " the parties concerned in this t or infamous affair, supported by the Com in ntissioners"-meaning the Commissioners e, of the Now Norfolk Lunatic Asylum. If m Mrs Kenny was " unjustly prosecuted," E or it must have beon by Dr. Crowthor's I a Attorney- General ! A Ministry which ni contains elements no antagonistic and mutually destructive, must be thor. or oughly demoralised and effete. But 1 ho beyond this, the language indulged ii; in by the Premier in replying ad to MIr Chapman's motion shows that he ar makes no effort to curb the fierce passion of to which he is liable. The expressions no that he hurled around, as a madman nlh scatters firebrands, could only indicate ,y the character of the fountain from whence ,al they issued, but certainly they are no he qualification for a Minister of the Crown. per Accustomed as we have become to the sty misdeeds of our rulers, we are never. ties theles fairly ashamed of the part played or. by the Premier in the case in qutstion. r q' The Council did right in prnoiuncing Dr. for Crowthir's conduct as " unwarranted, otin highly unbecoming," and deserving of nut censure. 'itn cultuTrE exhibition of the Northern Agri cultural Society, held at Longford yeater tog day, was one of the most successful that po.- has ever been hold. Fortunately the ero weather was fine, and whilst nearly all the can entries camt forward, the attendance of visitors was very largo. It was a truly Tasmanian spring day; Nature was ave arrayed in holiday attire, and wherever any the eye rested, there was loveliness. lPerhaps the most pleaning feature of the exhibition was the largo number and get variety of implements, and the admirable by workmanship displayed in their mauifac. t of ttred. Those who can recollect the of appliances with which agriculture was carried ott in this colony ha even twenty years ago, view with antoninh are menit the wonderful imtprovemontn that nill have been effected. Ott the olhow grounds lit. yesterday were two atid three furrow :he ploughs, reaping and binding machines, and horses ranging in valte up to over the £1000 each, and fino wool rants that pro tire bably could not he beaten by any in the ion world. We congratulate the Society on its yesterday'o achievetrott, and trust it hat will year by year continue to improve. all As we have often said before, we believe t of that the most likely way to ensure this tile, would be for the various societies to ar range to have only otto show each year, tax and to hold it in different townships it a of rotation. igb, 