melbourne. [from our own correspondent.] May 16. Mr. James Service, in a speech to his consti- tuents at Malden yesterday evening, referred to the embassy as an utter failure, and stated that the Government had seriously injured the colony by their action in this matter. Owing to the rains succeeding the prolonged drought, the lambing this season will be very small, May 17, The Melbourne agricultural statistics bIiow a decrease in tho wheat crop, as compared with lost year, of 1,302,792 bushels, while the area of land under cultivation shows an increase. A new company is being formed for the pur- pose of resuscitating the Provincial and Suburban Bank, and to protect the interests of the old shareholders. Mr. Service's speech has been received with satisfaction. It is thought that tho moderate views he entertains will meet with general ap- proval. A Government Gazette was issued yesterday ac- cepting the resignation of the hon. J. M. Thomp- son as Minister for Justice of Queensland, and appointing the hon. Ratcliffe Pring to be Attor- ney-General of Queensland and member of the Executive Council. The debate on the Address in reply is closed. Thinking men must be glad of it, for the debate disclosed a stored-up quantity of bitterness any- thing but creditable to those who exhibited it. In the heat of personalities, the Speech itself was frequently lost sight of. The experience of years does not appear to give increase of prudence to our legislators, and the older members were de- cidedly the worst in the struggle. They failed to see that several of the new members, espe- cially on the Opposition side, when they got up to speak, made an effort-and in a few cases struggled along manfully for a time-in an evident desire to find a track that would keep them clear of the old sores and old quarrels of former times. But in the midst of their efforts to run straight and avoid the shoals of extreme partisanship, some ill-timed witticism, sneer, or jeer would be shot out from the other side. The result was almost certain. The man who had risen determined to speak evenly and free from personalities, retaliated-and Bat down a deter* mined opponent of the other side. It is sur- prising that leaders of parties do not see this effect of the personalities Bhot out from their own side. They might be very certain that many of the new members are not-or rather were not-partizans, but gentlemen desirous to transact the business for which Parliament is called together. It ia for the leaders of the House to say whether the bitterness and one-sidedness developed in the Address debate is to follow into the transactionof thebusinessthatthecountryex- pects to commence on Tuesday next. The example they themselves Bet, and the influence they use with their supporters, will probably make all the difference between a session creditable or dis- graceful to the House, and profitable or mis- chievous to the colony. The adjourned regular meeting of the Queens- land Philosophical Society was held on Thursday evening at the society's rooms, Museum Build- ings. The minutes of the previous meetiDg were read and confirmed. The receipt of one pamphlet, " Rainfall in New South Wales, 1878," from H. C. Russell, Esq., Government Astrono- mer, New South Wales ; and one snake from Mr. Hellier, as presents to the society, were directed to be suitably acknowledged. Mr. Thorpe read some notes on the strong westerly winds prevalent at Brisbane during the winter months, and exhibited a chart showing the barometric fluctuations at all principal stations in Australia during June, July, and August, 1878, drawing attention to the fact that all sudden increases of pressure were coincident with strong westerly winds at Brisbane, and that our westerly winds do not blow from the interior. The officers, nou-comuussioued officers, and men of tho Metropolitan Riflo Battalion arc par- ticularly requested to attend the paid instruction drill which is to be held this afternoon, so as to enable all ranks to comply with clause B, section 84, of the new Volunteer Regulations. Members who are not at present supplied with full dross will wear undress uniforms ; officers to wear un- dress uniforms. The battalion will fall in at the Rifle Armory at 4 p.m. The band will be in attendance, and a large muster of all ranks is anticipated. A fatal accident occurred at Annie-street, New Farm-road, on Wednesday morning. A little boy named William Emanuel Watts, aged 5 years, the son of John Watts, was drowned in a waterhole on the premises occupied by his father. About five minutes before the accident occurred the little fellow was seen in the yard by his mother, and she next saw his hat floating in the waterhole, which is about 4ft. deep and within about fourteen yards of the house ; and on search being made the body was found in the hole. Dr. Mahony was called in, and on examination of the body he found that life was extinct, and that the child's neck had been dislocated. A magisterial enquiry was held touching the cause of death, at which the above facts were elicited. Complaint having been made te the police that the young larrikins at Kangaroo Point wero in the habit of pelting unoffending Chinamen with stones, the members of the forco stationed in the locality were on the gi» vive for the young delinquents, and on Saturday last three boys named Nicholas Cain, Richard Hutchins, and John Crawford, were caught throwing stones at a Chinaman, who was selling vegetables in the main-street. They were summoned by tho police, and brought before tho bench yesterday, but on account of their youth Inspector Lewis did not press the chargo, nud thoy wero dis- charged by tho bench ; their parente being recommended by tho police-magistrate to give thurn a sound flogging. The weather at 9 o'clock yesterday morning was Btill fine throughout the greater portion of the colony, although there were cloudy skies at several Btations, including Stanthorpe, Jimbour, Condamine, Tambo, and Kimberley. Frost was experienced at Nanango, but this appears to be the only station thus affected. It is, however, scarcely likely that we shall be long without a change, as it will bo seen from our Sydney tele- gram th&t; heavy gales and rain have been the prevailing weather on the coast of New South Wales during tho past day or two. We learn by telegram from Syduoy that very heavy weather was experienced along the coast of New South Wales on Thursday night. At Sydney there was a heavy south-south-west gale, accompanied with fierce squalls, until daylight ou Friday morning. Further south, at Wollongong and at Jervis Bay, the gale continued yesterday. At Newcastle the gale blew all Thursday night, accompanied with torrents of rain. Some of the Bqualls are described as terrific. The rain flooded the lower portions of the city, there being two or three feet of water in Hunter-street, which did some damage to property. Tho fiBhiug steamor Minx was caught in the gale off Terrigal, and drove before it to Nowcastle, into which harbor she was towed by a tug-boat sent to her assist- ance. Two schooners are reported to havo gono ashore at the north Bhoro of Nelson's Bay, and it is feared that other casualties may have occurred along the coast. Sporting men whose proclivities run in the coursing line had yesterday an opportunity of examining three very fine greyhounds brought in the Victoria by Mr. George Jenkins. One of the dogs -" Spring" (imp.) - is a magnificent animal, showing all the great points in a greyhound in a remarkable degree. He is by Lord Lurgan's stock dog " Spring," out of " Lady" by " Paddy" by " Pat Mulligan," all from Lord Lurgan's stock. The second is a red slut, " Lady," bred at Bathurst, by "Dick," from "Sill." " Dick" was by " Daddy," from one of Mr. Walford's sluts, and "Sill," by "Doctor" (imp.), from "Mary Stuart" (imp.) This slut was runner-up for the St. Leger of 1877, won by " Gill Gill," and was the winner of several private matches. Tho third is a white and fawn slut, half Sister to "Spring," being by "Turk" (imp.), out of Lord Lurgan's " Lady," " Spring" goes to Callandoon as a stock dog for a few months ; but in conse- quence of an accident to the white and fawn slut rendering her temporarily lame, we are glad to learn that she will remain in Brisbane, having been purchased by Mr. John Graham, of South Brisbane. We shall no doubt hear of her at the next exhibition of the National Society. The Logan and Albert Jockey Club settling took place at tho secretary's office, Beaudesert store, on May 14, and passed off with the [ greatest satisfaction. The sum of £186 was paid away to the different winners, Mr. William Drynan's amount (£53) being the largest. The course has been secured for future meetings, which are to be held annually on Easter Monday, and under the management of the present gen- tlemen are sure to be attended with every success. A number of Tasmanian sheep arrived yester- day by the Victoria which deserve more than a passing notice. They were purchased at a recent sale in Sydney at high figures. Eighteen of the total number-which con- sist of ten ewes and fourteen rams were purchased by Mr. G. Morris Simpson, M.L.A., for his Bott Accord estate, and the re- mainder-six rams-are destined for Dr. Jenkins' atation, Callandoon. Nine of the rams were bred by Mr. Gibson, and the remainder and tho wholo of the ewes by Mr. Taylor, both Well known veteran Tasmanian breeders. The Gibson sheep are by Sir Thomas 2nd and Samson, both sons of the celebrated Sir Thomas, several of whose sons are in the East Talgai flocks, and the Taylor sheep are all got by ohampion prize rams. The sheep are only rising two-tooth, but are well grown and magnificently covered, unfortunately they have just been released from quarantine in Sydney, where they have undergone the UBual proceBS of dressing, bo that the wool was seen to very great disadvantage, but as to its fineness, evenness, and density there could be no possible mistake. The last Challenge Cup match of the season 1878-1879, will bo commenced this afternoon at the Hamilton ground, between the Albert and Milton clubs. Both clubs have selected strong elevens, who, no doubt, will use their best en- deavors to win the association's trophy. There have been six cup matches played this season, all of which have been won by the Albert Club. Great interest is manifested in this match, and the friends and supporters of both clubs are sanguine of success. The Alberts are Blightly the favorites. A special 'bus leaves the Town HaU at 1.30. Punctuality is revested. Easter Term in Banco commences on Tuesday next. The only business at present on the term paper is a motion to make absolute a rule nisi for a new trial in the case of Macdonald v. Tully, heard at the last sittings of the Circuit Court at Rockhampton. The court will sit in the old building in Queen-street, The masonic coromonies last evening in me- mory of the late President of tho Legislative Council, who was Provincial Grand Master of tho Irish Constitution in Queensland, were of a most solemn and impressive naturo. The lodge had been prepared as a "Lodgo of Sorrow," tho walls being hung round with festoons of mourning, and the Provincial Grand Master's dais and chair, as also the chairs of the War- dens, being draped with the Bame funereal color1 In the centre of the chamber was a black canopy, underneath which, raised on three steps, rested a coffin. At each corner of this catafalque burned a wax candle. On tho Provincial Grand Master's table was a skull, emblem of mortality, which with other emblems was intended to ad monish the brethren so to die as to meet with- out fear the Grand Architect beyond the grave. Tho lodge was opened by the Right Worshipful Deputy-Grand MaBter, I.C., Mr. T. Uninack, aftor which the brethren of the lodges under the other constitutions were admitted, including the B.W. District Grand Master, A. C. Gregory, supported by the District Grand Lodgo of England, and also the P.G.M. of tho Scotch Constitution, the bon. J. Douglas, supported by his Provincial Grand Lodge and 280 of tho brethren. Mr Atkinson presided at the organ, and, after the Funeral Dirge, and the singing by tho brethren of " Brother, thou art gone to rest," the Right Worshipful Deputy- Grand Master, I.C., Mr. T. Unmack, delivered nn eloquent funeral nation, recapitulating the eventful career of the deceased Knight, extolling his estimable qualities as a mason, and as a worthy gentleman, and dwelling on the respect and affection entertained for him by the whole community. After the grand honors and anothor hymn, tho Provincial Grand Chaplain of the Scotch Constitution, who kindly volunteered to officiate on tho occasion, read an address, which was followed by prayer. The organ then pealed out the Dead March in " Saul," the impressiveness of which Bolomu wailing air was much heightened by the Bemi-darkness that now overtook the lodge, all tho lights being ex- tinguished but threo wax candles, after which the masonic procession, by the officers of the Provincial Grand Lodgo, I.C., marched once round the catafalque, tho Very Worshipful V.Q. Junior Wardon (Mr. M'Wiuny) depositing the whito bouquet on the coffin. Then grand honors wero given once,audthesamoprocession marched twice round the catafalque, the P,G. Senior Warden (Mr. J. Young) placing on the coffin the white garland, after which grand honors woro given twice, and the procession followed thoir former course throe times, the Very Worshipful Acting Deputy-Grand Mostor, E. Macdonnell, laying on the coffin a wreath of evergreens. This was succeeded with grand honors three times, whon the chaplain road another addresB, followed by a hymn, and the funeral lodge was closed. Aftor the closing of the Provincial Grand Lodgo the ceremonies terminated with tho singing of tho "Old Hundredth." We beliovo only one Lodge of Sorrow has boen boforo hold in Queens- land. The theatre was crowded last night in ovory part on the occasion of the Caraudiui concort and the audience testified in an uumistakable manner thoir appreciation of tho delightful on tertainment provided. Of this gifted family there are now only two representatives-Madame Carandiui and hor youngest daughter, Mis. Palmer-the Misses Fannie, Isabolla, and Lizzie having been takon from public life by thoso domestic responsibilities that aro tolerably cer- tain sooner or later to overtake attractive young ladies. Madame Carandiui has the Becrot, that bo many of us would be glad to possess, of defy- ing Time, or rather charming tho disagreeable old follow into forgetting his endlcsB journoy as ho puts bia hour-glasB in his pocket and sits on the nearest milestona to liston to tho freshness of the rich clear voice that he has not the heart to interfere with. Her daugh- ter sings with tho taste and feeling, espo. oially in songs admitting of any pathos, that used to characterise tho singing of her oldest sister some of whoso songs she has appropriated. Tho rich contralto of MisB Fannie and Miss Lizzie are sorely missed, but tho company is strengthened by Miss Melville, a most accomplished pianist. Mr. Sherwin, so loyal in his long partnership with Madame Carandiui, ia the same as ever, supple- menting his musical abilities with bttfb capacity of nn amusing order. After tho opening over- ture, Madamo and Miss Carandini sang " T'ol Ramon ti" with excellent effeot. The quartette from Balfe's opera, "The Siego of Rochelle,'" was also well rendered, and a duet by MisB Carandini and Mr. Sherwin was a capital piece of acting as well as vocalisa- tion. The ballad, " Let me dream again," was very sweotly sung by Miss Carandini, and was vociferously redemanded, the singer complying with the encore by giving the touch- ing little ballad, "I cannot mind my wheel, mother," sung with the earnest pathos of which this lady seems such a mistress. We cannot go through the programme, but must particularise the song " Speed on, my dove," by Miss Caran- dini, which appeared to ub the gem of the even- ing. A trio from " The Bohemian Girl," and the duet " Hunting Tower," were also capitally sung. Mr. Sherwin, in thanking the audience for their attendance, expressed his regrot that his com. pany were only able to remain the one night, but intimated that in about two months he hoped they might be able to pay Brisbane a longer visit. When they do we can promise them a hearty reception. A chinaman named Chong Sing Young, alias Tommy Young, was brought up at the Police Court yesterday morning, on remand from Rockhampton, charged with larceny, It appears that some weeks since a letter with a cheque for £103 enclosed was posted at Beenleigh, ad- dressed to Messra. E, and J. Young, Queen street, Brisbane, and was in mistake delivered by the postman to the prisoner, who got it cashed at the bank, and incontinently made tracks for the Celestial Empire, Tho misappropriation by " John" was, however, discovered in time to enable the police to effect his capture on board the steamer Bunyip at Rockhampton. Tho prisoner has been further remanded until Thurs- day next. The matches againBt nature-where a man sets himself to overstep the limits of ordinary endurance-which have been bo much the fashion of late in England seem likely to become acclima- tised on this continent. A man of the name of Edwards, in Sydney, is now attempting to com. plete the extraordinary task of walking 180 miles in forty-eight consecutive hours. Some idea of the arduouBness of the undertaking may be gathered by remembering that for ordinary un- professional pedestrians four miles an hour is good walking, and that to accomplish the required distance this pace would have to be kept up for two days and two nights all but three hours. The sixty miles already traversed by Edwards has been done at the ratio of six miles in one minute over the hour, so that he will be able to leave himself a margin of Bevcral hours for resti but yet when we measure the task by the capa- bilities of a good horse it seems almost impos- sible of accomplishment. Tue case of Bell and others v. Gulland was, pur- suant to adjournment, yosterday again before his Honor Mr. Justice Lilley, in the Supreme Court. The matter under consideration was a motion, on behalf of the plaintiffs, to extend or enlarge an order made by his Honor on April 25, giving the plaintiffs permission to mako an inspection of tho defendant's coal mine. Mr. Harding, with Mr. Chubb, instructed by Messrs. Thompson, Havard, and Foxton, appeared for the plaintiffs in support of the motion ; and Mr. Griffith, Q.C., instructed by Messrs. Macalister and Moin, to oppose it on behalf of the defendant. The matter had been adjourned in order to allow the evidonce of a fur- ther witness, named Muir, to be produced, Mr. Griffith nt the time renewing, ou behalf of tho defendant, tho previous undertaking as to the inspection, and offering to allow a full inspection to be made under the former order. Mr. Griffith having now read Muir's affidavit, Mr. Chubb read the joint afüdavitof the surveyors (M'Donald and Millington), to tho effect that sinco the adjourn- ment they had made another inspection of defen- dant's mine, and had succeeded in gettiug along what was known as No. 5 levol to within about elevon yards of the boundary of the plaiutiffB property (Waterstown), but had been unablo to proceed further owiug to tho foul air in the lovel. Thoy stated that they had managed to get into No. 5 level at a point beyond the obstructions previously referred to through No. 4 level ; and that they had found obstructions at different points in tho shapo of Black coal, ke., and also timbers and props which thoy belioved to havo been knocked down. Mr. Griffith said he could got evidence answering the wholo of the matter contained in this affidavit ; and his Honor pro- mised that if any now matter wob to be relied on aB evidence of obstruction to tho order of tho court he would givo the defendant an opportu- nity of robutting it Mr. Harding then addressed tho court in support of tho enlargement of the order, and was followed by Mr. Griffith on tho other side. Tho argument occupied the court atf day, and at its conclusion hiB Honor reserved his decision. FnoM a circular to hand by the San Francisco mail, from the Secretary of Stato and Depart- ment of Public Works, Colonisation, Industry, and Commerce, Republic of Mexico, we leam that it has been determined to hold an Inter- national Exhibition of the products of agricul- ture, industry, science, and arts in the city of Mexico, next year. In harmony with the opinion of many distinguished citizens, the Executive of tho republic believes that tho origin of tho greater evils which the country until now ha« Bufferod is nn economical rather than a political one, and that, iu order to check thoBO evils, not only aro tho patriotic offorts of tho good bohb of Mexico required, but also the effective concur- rence of foroigu intelligence mid capital. Tho present administration of the republic has resolved not to waste its opportunity in waiting for better times, but is determined to ¡uaugurato a new policy and lay the foundation of an economical reform, and to initiate nn era of peace and true progress by means of au exhibition. By thus taking stops to re- move the erroneous impressions held by foreigners with rogard to their country, the Mexican Miuis try hope to open new trade, and to attract tho elements which will render the country prosper- ous and solve their present economical and social problems, Foreign Government's are invited to assist, and to send special commissioners to tho exhibition, and foreign exhibitors will receive facilities to exhibit articles in buildings raised by thoir respective Governments, as well m in tho main exhibition building. lu duo time ports of entry for objects intonded for the exhibition will be declared, and the managing committee will publish in Italian, English, French, and G orman tho necessary regulations for carrying out tho exhibition. There was a fair atteudanco at " Carlton's Ghost" entertainment lust night. The enter- tainment will be repeated nightly until next Saturday, which will be tho final performance of the present season. Trns following tenders were opened at the office of the Under Secretary for Works yes- terday :-For building messenger's quarters, General Post Office- Southal and Tracey, £1135 five months ; T. Watson, £1202, seven months ; A. Doorey and Son, £1140, five months ; J. Donnie, £1105, fourteen weeks ; S. Rogers, jim., £1125 ; J. Petrie, £1185, five months ; W. Hall, £1157. For Court-house, Taroom-W. Hall, £723 ; Midson and Son, £695, five months; T. W. Brady, £1150, six months ; J. M'Corley, £1190, bíx months. At the City Police Court yesterday, beforo tho police-magi'strato and Messrs. J. H. Wheelwright and R. Qailey, JJ.P., one drunkard was dis- charged. Kate Herbert pleaded guilty to the charge of having made use of obscene languago in a public place, and was fined £2, with the alternativo of sevon days' imprisonment. Patrick Tracy surrendered to his bail upon the chargo of having assaulted his sister, Margaret Tracy. The counsel for the prosecution announced to the bench that he had been instructed by Messrs. Roberts, Liddle, and Roberts, to with draw the charge. His Worship, after being in- formed by the police that the assault was not a serious one, consented to the charge being with- drawn, but stated that if the assault had been of a serious nature he would not have done so under any consideration. At the sittings of the Potty Debts Court yes- terday, before Messrs. W. H. Bailey, R. Gailey, and T. Illidge, JJ.P., verdicts for the plaintiffs for amounts claimed, with costs, were given in each of the following undefended cases :-W. A. Wilson v. W. Morris, claim £2 4b. Od., for goods sold, and George Cannon v. W. J. Campbell, claim £4 lös., for dishonored promissory- note. Jesse Paten v. Peter Clark, claim £10, for damages sustained by the plaintiff, owing to defendant wrongfully impounding his cattle, amongst which were milch cows. This case waB heard on May 2, when a verdict was given for the plaintiff in the absence of defendant's counsel. A new trial was then applied for, and the case was accordingly set down for hearing yesterday. In this case the plaintiff contended that defendant impounded thirteen milch cows belonging to him ; the defen- dant impounded these cattle from portion 109, in the parish of Enoggera, which ground plaintiff alleged was at the time unoccupied and inse- curely fenced. The defendant, on the other hand, held that he rents the property in ques- tion, and that plaintiff's cattle strayed and trespassed on it. Mr. Liddle appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Swanwick, instructed by Mr. Thynne, for tho defendant. The bench, which in this case consisted of Messrs. P. Pinnock, police magistrate, and It. Cribb and J. H. Wheelwright, JJ.P., after hearing evidence on either side, adjourned the further hearing of the case till Thursday next, at the consent of both partieB. The report of the state of the Benevolent Asylum, Dunwich, for the week ending May 10, 1879, is aB follows :-In the house at last report, males 172, females 19 ¡ since admitted, 1 male, 2 females; died, May 8, James Milne, aged 35 years, native of Aberdeen, Scotland, of chest disease; re- maining, 172 males and 21 females. The super- intendent Benevolent Asylum, Dunwich, begs to acknowledge with thankB the receipt of parcels of papers, ke., for the use of the inmates from W. Newman Wilson, Esq., and Messrs. WatsoD, Ferguson, and Co., Brisbane. From a return issued in February last, it appears that there are 3,990,027 cattle, 3,989,178 sheep, and 1,407,999 Bwine in Ireland. During the year there were 049,873 cattle, 631,159 sheep, and 585,427 swino imported from that country. To an Australian it must appear matter for surprise that so many live stock can be kept on an island the area of which scarcely exceeds that of a Bingle run in the northern territory of Australia. 