ASSEMBLY. The proceedings last night wore not of an animatod character,- There .was no fun. Thero wns no wit iu honorable members. Indeed, the House generally, scemo'd to drag through Its duty, conscientiously, but, none the loss, sullenly. ; Mr Speaker entered tho Chamber with liis usual punctuality, and tho Inevitable questions were asked and answered. Despatches relative to the Melbourne International Exhibition were hud upon the table in suggestive prox imity to the mace, and Mr Grant presented a petition from a huge number of selectors and others 111 the Boort distrctf con cerning the rabbit nuisance. I had eaten of rabbit etewed, nnd toothsome, an hour before, and I own thatiny sympathies did not go with the petitioners. At five minutes post fivo o'clock, the ghost walked upon the stage. In other words, that ' spectral theory which is known as Constitu tional Reform, was presented to the' Assembly . by Mr Barr, who resumed the speech which ho commenced last week. And Mr Barr made a l'lght good speech ; an honest, moderate, - common-sense speeoh — all the more worthy that it dealt not with doubts, but with pro nounced convictions. But Mr. Barr eaid nothing new. Indeed, Mr. Barr had been more than mortal, had ho been capable of saying anything fresh concerning a question which lias beon pumped dry of the wators of originality. Mr MncBaln illustrated this circumstance. His speech, however, was well worth the attention which a poor House, but a cour teous, paid to it. Of course, Mr MacBsin dealt largely ill quotations, Authoritiei are a necessity in those matters : and it is but fair to record that Mr MacBain's were very apropos to his argument. Especially happy was Mr MacBain's quotation from Daniel Webster, one of the most splendid intellects, as I thinjr, tho United States have produced. Said_ this great lawyer and constitutional authority — "The first object of a free people is tho pre servation of their liberty, and liberty is only to be preserved by maintaining con stitutional restraints, and just divi sions of political power. Nothing is more deceptive or more dangerous than tho pretence of a desire to simplify Government. The simplest Governments are despotisms , the next simplest, limited Monarchies ; but all Republics, all Governments of law, must impose numerous limitations and qualifica tions of authority, and give many positive and qualified "rights. In other words, they must be subject to rule and regulation. This is th very essonce of free political institu tions." Mr. MaeBaln commended this utter ance to those honorable members who wished to give tbo Assembly unchecked con trol over the publio finances ; and Mr MacBain, so far, mado on impression, for which bo has, however, to thank Daniel Web ster, rather than his own merits as a speaker. Following Mr MacBain came Mr Grant, to whom I listened with all the interest of one who has long waited and watched. For, in truth, Mr Grant but seldom speaks. His share in the action of the Ministry, so far, at any rate, as it is developed In the Legisla tive Assembly Chamber, is of a passive kind. I have rarely' behold more energetic effort on the part of Mr Grant than has beon displayed by a persiitent destruction of waste paper, which ne is in tbo habit of tearing into shreds niui tatters — very much as Sir Patterson would annihilate tho press. For all this, I have observed Mr Grant with intereat. If I beheld him among a thousand, I should pick bim out as a thoroughbred. I am sure lie is an honest gentleman. I am certain he is above all mean shifts and Bnhter- fuges. Inspired by this the iry, animated by this conviction, I listened to Ms Grant's ad dress with gratifioation. It was not an impos ing or pretentious speeoh. It was just such a speech, howevor, as I expected Mr Grant to utter. Mr Grant is British, and I own to a prejudice in that direction. He declares, as I declare, that " references to the Constitutions of Sweden, Norway, or the Unite! States, ore utterly besido th. question." Again he says that " it is as necessary that wo should bo guided by English practice and precedent, as it was, that we should use the Engliah language." Well, this is my idea. But I own that, in my humble way, I am puzzled to reconcile tho bill before the House with English practice and precedent. Tnis plebiecituin, for butanes, is repugnant to English political thought ; and I am much mistaken if it he not one of the features of tho Reform Bill which is dis approved of by Mr Grant. There is no need of such a revolutionary forlorn hope. Too dernier resort ot plebiscitum is surely not re quired, It it be, then what a sorry satire the fact suggests upon the capabilities of the paid repreecntitivai f the people. Mr Williams was the next speaker upon this weary subject. Mr Williams belongs to tho cross benches — tbo party of compromise and logical settlement. Ho made a very good speech, and introduced into it a new theory — a theory, however, with which I, as a married man, and ae a person who ha. had a large .xperience of lovely woman, utterly disagree, Mr Williama said that " he was prepared to give careful consideration to any proposition to confer upon widows, and also spinsters, over 21 years of age, a voice in the control of public affairs." I own that I was prompted to a burst of unseemly laughter, as 1 noted the expression of mingled horror and indignation which sat upon honorable members conn- tenances when this ultra-Liberal idea was pronounced by Mr Williams. I wonder whether Mr Williams is married. I doubt it ; because, to Dr Madden's interjection that mnrrlod women consumed mora than widows or spinsters, he gave utterance to this preposterous statement "But married women have their husbands, and those twain nre one." Aro thoy? Don't you run away, Mr Williams, with any notion of that kind. One and one make two, Mr Williams, acoording to matrimonial arithmetic. At least, that is the experience of most men ; and wo may be assured that if women, whether widows or wives, spinBtors or otherwise, are given the right to meddle in public affairs, we shall bring about such a chaotic condition of matters as can only be called into existence by the influence ana the interference of . lovely woman. A vote for women, Mr Williams ! Egad, sir, as well place a torch beneath a barrel of gun powder. After MrWi'liams came Mr Langridge, who was well primed witli apt references and quotations favorable to the Government posi tion. Indeed, I often think that if honorable members hope to prove the truth of their views by quoting tho views of others, tbey aro in a Borry strait for argument. But I supposo that, the question having been turned insid. out, it ie necessary that honor able members should fall back upon authori ties to give a helping hand to their own lam and impotent conclusion.. Mr Zox followed Mr Langridge. Ho quoted from th. Fortnightly Review. I sua- fleet, however, that h« rather quoted from a ending article in The Herald, which latoly dealt with Professor Pearson's article in the Fortnightly Review. Professor Pearson was not present during Mr Zox's speech ; else I should have taken some Interest in observing how ha wasaffooted by the quotations of his contribution, which referred to the " combinations of successive gangs of adventurers," Alter Mr Zox, Mr Brophy spoke. But ho arose at a late hour ; and the House yawned wearily. It was not, therefore, surprising, while it was certainly gratifying, that after Mr Brophy had siiokcn for a few minutes, Mr Ramsay moved the adjournment of the House. I blessed him, and left tho ' GALLERY. 