THE PEERYB1NGLE PAPERS. Gentle reader, did you ever run a fowl farm? I have, for three days. Briefly, here are the results of the speculation. An old friend called on Dot last week, and told her that fowl-keeping was the best game out; that " eggs is eggs" now-a-days, owing to the dull times and the hens having struck, on account of the failure of the embassy. She said they wanted an Enabling Act to make them lay ; that if we bought three hens and a rooster, we could clear 10s. a week. "Well, I thought it was worth trying, so I purchased the fowls that were to bring me in half-a- sovereign weekly. I advertised for a " handy man " to build the house, and forty-three handy men put in an appearance next morning. After selecting the handiest-looking, I consulted with him as to the architecture of the building. He told me to buy some boards, which I did, and paid 6s. for. Then we erected the fowl- house, and the handy man charged me 10s. for his labour ; and having expended Is. in beer in answer to three formidable hints that "This is a dry job, master," the struc ture was duly completed for an outlay of 17s. It cost me 2s. Cd. for the carriage of the blessed chucky-biddies, and altogether -I got the egg-laying plant in thorough working order for 19s. 6d. The next morning I had the pleasure of hearing that rooster " salute the early morn," and that's about all I did get for my 19s. 6d. The hens, they cackled beautifully; no hens could have cackled better, but not the ghost of an egg did I see. The following morning, the rooster again saluted the dawn, but the hens didn't. They couldn't, in fact, for some mean fellow had ordered them a change of ' air in the night, and they were gone. The thieves must have been men of business. They knew that rooster couldn't lay eggs at 2s. 3d. a dozen, so they left him. I admire their discrimination. The rooster was killed to save his life, or he might have gone the next night. Now, Dot and I have been reckoning up how much we made out of fowl-fanning. We all of us appreciate the consoling in fluence of a clergyman when -in trouble. Dot's sister has just lost her husband, and abe has been doing a big weep over it. W e tried to console her, but she gave way to despair, and, as the old lady puts it, " cried her eyes out." I got the parson to come round and pour a few words of comfort into her widowed ear. He told her that she would meet the late Mr. A in heaven, where they would once more be joined in marriage, and never separated again. Are you sure of that?" said the grief-stricken female. " Certainly, my dear madam and then the widow wept tears of joy. " And there will he no mistake about seeing him then ?" " None whatever," replied the par son. Then the widow reflected for a second, and said—" You know he was my second." This was too much for the clergyman. He merely exclaimed, "Oh!" and mildly ob served, as he was leaving the room, "In that case, there might be a little difficulty. This was a clean euchre with both bowers and. the 2lc6 There seems to be a regular mania just now for starting newspapers. I see there is a new one at Tumufc, called the Chrowcle. It is devoted chiefly to the matrimonial line, and the editor digs down pretty deep in that business. Here is a sample from the first number, which I have just received « Wanted, a Catholic husband, by a servant girl, sixteen years old, and has saved L200. She is not very good-looking, but I defy anybody to be a better cook or housekeeper." Now, there is a candour about this girl one cannot help admiring. All above-board. Not good-looking, but cannot be beaten in thA kitchen ! Business should be done in this line, as the sharebrokers put it. The Tumut people are delighted with the new literary venture. In a church in one of our thriving suburban towns the other Sunday, whilst the parson was expounding the blessings of the home missions, an irritable individual who sat close to me interrupted my attention by asking me whether Mr. included the Berry mission. As- 1 wanted to draw out something excitable from my neighbour, I replied, " Yes." On'hearing my answer, the individual in question immediately rose from his seat anjd walked out, disgusted that politics should form part of any minister's cermon, and that parsons should take any interest whatever in politics. He declares that he will never enter another church where politics are preached and fools' errands blessed. How is it the ehajte who are always ranting about the " poor working man " never come forward to help him in his troubles? Now, ; I should have thought that Mr. Beny, who must have saved a couple of thousand out of the embassy vote, would have sent a decent subscription toDr. Singleton's bread fund, and that the rest of the Ministry, who have pro fessed so much for the working man, would have followed suiP But not a penny have one of them subscribed, although they owe their fat billets to the "poor man." I begin to think the " working man " has been made a bit of a cat's-paw of, to enable the "patriots" to draw the chestnuts from the fire. The challenge to the so-called liberals that appeared in The DaVy Telegraph was a plucky one. " If," said that paper, " the members of the Ministry and their sup porters who have been drawing their salaries for the past six months for doing absolutely nothing, will each send a month's pay to the fund being raised for the poor mid destitute in Collingwood, we will undertake that every Conservative member, both in the Assembly and the Council, shall do the same." Now, my gentle readers, how many of the great Liberal leaders, the friends of the working man, the foes to the oligarchy, etc., have responded ? Do you give it up ? Well, then, not one ? Let the working men put this in their pipe and smoke it. JOHN PEERY BINGLE, 