FREETHOUGHT LECTURES. to the editor op the sydney daily telegraph. Sir, — I havc read with much surprise an article in your paper headed " Mr. Charles Bright and Free- thought/' It is not, however, my purpose to de fend Mr: Bright against attacks on the manner in which he performs what he conceives to be his duty, for he needs no defence, and many of his orthodox opponents would do well to take a lesson in forbear ance from him. If the writer of the article- in ques tion objects to it he has his remedy in keeping away and saving his shilling. I rather desiro to- point out some misrepresentations and absurdities by which it is distinguished. After a little choice abuse, of an exceedingly Christian -and orthodox character, the writer proceeds to say, referring to the subject of one of Mr. Bright's lectures—" The Holy Ghost " — " Now as any proofs that can be adduced on this subject, must necessarily be obtained from the Bible," &c.;, &c.; I will give the writer the credit— if he deem it such — of. not being able- to see the fatuity of this form of argument, but it cannot possibly hare any weight with rational men. It is just of the same class as that remarkable one made' use of by one of the writers of that book, "The Future Life," by American clergy men, that was to utterly demolish Canon Farrar, but which, strangely enough, failed to do so. He said, re ferring to the meaning of the word which in the Bible Is translated "everlasting" — "For the acon denotes a permanency which varies from a comparatively brief period (!) to endlessness ' according to the nature of the subject/ " That is to say that punish ment is everlasting because it is "aconian," and ""aconian" means everlasting " because it refers to punishment! This method ot arguing in' a circle is in very mnch esteem among the orthodox, but those with the least atom of logic in their composition decline to dignify it with the name of argument at all. ' The' next. statement noticeable is one that Mr. B. is frequently heard stating at the beginning of a lecture what his conscience would lead him to believe, and long before its close laying down principles diamctrigally the opposite. This is a gross mis representation, which the writer knows he could not substantiate, or he would have given examples. The instance that he does give is merely another argument in a circle, for there are other truths than " gospel truths," as, for instance, that the earth revolves round the sun, which, according to " gospel truth," it does not. When he says that the fact of our experiencing the existence of the Universal Spirit should be an "undeniable proof of the truth of biblical writings," I confess I can not follow him. nor do I see any connection between such an experience and believing that diversity of language dates its origin from the building of the Tower of Babel. Another unwarrantable assertion is that Mr. B. never treats a subject " in an independent spirit, or free from party strife and petty conten tion," for in all my experience— which includes Church of England, Roman Catholic, Presbyterian, Unitarian, Jewish, Mormon, Mohammedan, and many other sec tarian lecturers — I never heard one who is so truly tolerant towards his opponents; and that he "earns his bread by exciting the passions of his hearers against these reverend gentlemen " is equally wrong, for lie invariably insists on calmness and excites only their ridicule. If, as the critic implies, we should never read "Atheistic writers," by which I pre sume he means anti-Christian, such authors as Spencer, Buckle, Tyndall, Huxley, Darwin, Neill, Fawcett — in fact, every exponent of philosophy and science of the age — would be sealed books to us, and we should be re duced to the Bible, and such works as the " Pilgrim's Progress," Baxter's "Saint's Rest," Dr. Cumming's "Seventh Vial," the Sydney Morning Herald , and other good little books for good little boys. TruIy would this be then an interesting and intellectual world ! The critic then .states that in all his lectures Mr. B. has "utterly failed to lay down one sound principle, or arrive at a single rational conclusion.' This is another unblushing statement, for he never allows a lecture to pass without laying down the principle that life should be guided by adherence to absolute truth ; and without arriving at the conclu sion that real religion consists in doing unto others as you would that others should do unto you, aud in living a pure, temperate, and useful life. The writer then winds up witu some contemptuous reference to Spiritualism, but X will do no more than allude to it, and .will tell him why. paper writer in New Zealand, Spiritualism had no more bitter and contemptuous opponent than myself; and I was bitter and contemptuous for the same reason as the gentleman I am dealing with is — because I knew nothing whatever about it. It will be a lesson to me never to write about, what I know nothing ot. Let him investigate it, not by attending seances, for he may be surprised to hear that these have nothing whatever to do with Spiritualism as a religion, but by studying the literature of the philosophy, and he may perhaps alter his mind. No one ever did so, who could understand, it without having his previous opinions somewhat affected con- cerning the religion, Trusting that the length of this letter will not debar its insertion. — Yours, Ac., GEO. LACY. . St. Deonards, November 2G. 