Brisbane. [FHOM OtJB OWN COttUESPONDENT.] Tins opening -pf Parliament cannot be said to Lave been attcuded w th good fortune to tbe public, for it has brought with it a nuinbeV of Bcrious accidents, some fata!, and rumors of suicides aud insolvencies ad libitum, You have learnt by telegram how two members of the volunteer artillery met their death when engaged in firing the salute at the parlia mentary opening. The poor fcllowa were borne off the ground blackened nnd bloody cornses. iircsentiuir the most horrible appear ance imaginable. The military fuueral ac corded them on tbe following day was an im posiue: sight, and attracted an immense crowd ?of spectators, but it must be recorded that there was no occasion for the indecent display necessitated by fetching the bodies to tbe foot of Queen-street, aud there transferring tbem to a gun carriage for exhibition up the main street. I am aware that professional under takers of what they consider a respectable funeral will take a vorUge miles out ol its way for the sake of passibg through Queen-street, ?and thus obtaining an advertiseuieut., and on this'occa6ion the volunteer authorities did the same thing. The Telegraph newspaper on the same day indulged iu a sensational account of Lieut. Connor's alleged suicide, embellished with some particulars of that gallant ofliccr's private -life. A day or two after the man himself arrived by steamer from Sydney looking very weR and jolly, but very much surprised to. find that the silly jade rumor had so uncere moniously killed him Result — libel action against the T. legraph ; damages, £2000. The summer exhibition of the National As sociation on the 14th and 15th iustaut gave us metropolitans a good ddal of mild enjoy ment. The bttcndancc of country cousins was very limited ; the exhibition building was not, therefore, too crowded to allow visitors a full 'opportunity of inspecting everything. The season being favorable, there was a liberal dis play of horticulture and market, garden pro ducts, the latter including the usual mouster pumpkins and gooseberries. The fai ry fountain was in full play, and a competent brass band ?soothed all savage breasts. The Queensland Tarf Club has issued the ; .programme for the winter meeting. The club reverts to the old dates, viz., 24th May anu following day. The prize money is some £1400, exclusive of sweeps, aud the majority of the races are handicaps, for it is found they fill well and pay the best. The club is show ing a laudable desire to promote other sports than horse racing, and the secretary is now in communication with Lord Harris' team of . English cricketers, with the view of getting oil a match on the Eagle Farm racecourse. Parliamentary proceedings, during the few sittings held, hare not attracted a large attendance of the public, but every member of the Assembly put in au appearance. M'll wraitlTs party being so well backed up by the Darling Downs aud Macrossau's forces as to render the defeat of the Ministry a foregone ?conclusiou, Douglas threw up the sponge at ? ouce, and with a grace aud courtesy character istic of him. liis first lieutenant, however, ?Mr. Griffith, yielded up his ministerial ghost very ungracefully, snapping aud snarling at everything and everybody like a caged hyena. This is Mr Griffith's first defeat since his entrance to political life five years ago, and. .judging by the way he takes it to heart, his couduct, when in opposition, will be a source ?of trouble to his friends. He is trying very hard to get up some opposition to the reelec tion of the members of the new Ministry, and would, doubtless, oppose every oue of them himself if be thought it could be done. It is stated that one of the first measures of the ilew -Government will be a revision of taxation, and certainly it is time to alter the iniquitous system of' Customs duties imposed under Mr. Hemmant's fiscal policy, which re sulted in helping to cLrichhim and the other wholesale drapers, aud to bring about the present ruinous state of trade ?and commercial depression. The reduc tion of the ad vain vein duties on drapery and tbe imposition of additional duties ??on articles of common consumption put money iulo the pockets of the Queen-street mob at the expeuse-of every working man and Tvoman iu the countiy, and a readjustment of ?these matters will -assuredly add to the reputa , tion of the Government undertaking it. The weather is, as usual, a prominent topic. A'ter a week of low temperature, quite a god send, at this time of the year, we are now having a series of thuuderstorms, with heavy rain. A severe visitation of thunder aud ex tremely vivid lightning occurred early on Thursday morning, before daybreak. The ' Wesleyan Cbapel at Paddiugton, a commodious ?and handsome erection of timber, was struck ib/ the clcctric flsid, and took fire. Notwith standing the heavy rain falling at the time, tie buildiug was speedily reduced to ashes, the inflection of the flames lighting up tbe country for miles round. *t appears the chapel ?authorities neglected to erect a lightning rod ?on the building, evidently believing, as good Wesleyans should, that the dedication of the. edifice was quite sufficient to secure an im munity from such disaster. A peculiar accident occurred on Thursday. The driver of an omnibus, rather handy with his whip, flicked out the right eye of a pas senger seated on the box at his side. The sufferer, Mr. G. Hirst (brother of the late Judge Hirst), sought medical help, but found the eye broken and totally ruined. An elaborate ?au& careful enquiry into the Accent fatal gun accident, referred to above. ; has just been concluded. The evidence of numerous experts showed that the gnu was in igood condition and -quite safe to use, so it transpired tbat the melancholy affair was due ; 4o'impeiiect sponging of the gun ou the part ?of one or both of tho poor 'fellows who so sud denly lost their lives. .A public subscription has been opened for the .families of the^ men. 'and appears likely to 'be ft gdod otio. His Ex 'collency heads the lists rtith £10. The large surplus Of horned stock now in the market -occupies lie attention of gentlemen ' ?eug&ged; 'or interested 'in grating pursuit*, and ?numerous meetings have been held, with -the : view of determining upon some satisfactory ?outlet for our eparc beef. . At receiit sales of fat catfle ancl milkers prices were accepted of ;a ridiculously low nature, the .latter, with calvcs, being quitted at as low as £2. .The ?agitation Will probably result in the establish ment of meat preserving -works near Brisbane and the re-openiug of the Hogarth Company s Works at Oakey Creek, Darling Downs. As cattle breeding is carried on to & large extent Within a radios of fifty miles ol Brisbane, pre serving works near the metropolis would prove sufficiently central, and the sheep-breeders of the Downs would find, as hitherto, the Oakey Creek works handy enough to obviate much travelling* January 24. _ 