QOWv "i2SaTJUALIST " TICKS ARE DO1B. THE special correspondent of the S. A. Register, writing from London on the J7 h January, giv's an account of " A New Spiritualist Sansation," from which we condense the following : Happening to be in Edinburgh lately, I had the pleasure of assistin. at a seance of anti- spiritunlists, which is causing curs's both loud and deep amoc g the mediums. The demon strator was a young American, Mr. W. J. Bishop, a godbon of that most genia of esayists, Washington Irving A good account of him-the first published in this country-was given by Dr. Garpenter in his article on " Psycholo gical Curiosities of Spiritualism," in Frazer's Magazine of ',ovember, 1877. Mr. Bishop was already a 'famous man in America, or rather a famous youth, for he had hardly completed his curriculum at Harvard. fe is the son of an eminent lawyer in New York, and a friend whom he dearly loved having been diiven mad by the mediums, Mr., Bishop covenated with himself that he would leave no stone unturned, to ferret out the whole imposture. The lateat wonder at that time (1875) was Eva Fay, who had been ovwr here in Londoni reaping a golden harvest from the incredulous. Soentific men put her to what is known as the galvanometer test, and she came out of it triumphant. Mr. Bishop studied this, and found out where the test was defective. Dr. Carpenter then invited him to England, and thence he went to Edinburgh, where he gave his seance before Sir Alexander Grant, several scientific pro'essors, the principal clergy, Catholic, Episcopal, and Presbyterian, and other notables. The galvano meter test was illustrated by Pros f:ssor Tair, who vouched for the accuracy of the process and also for the sufficiency of Mr. Bishop's explanation. Mr. Bishop himself then assumed the lead, starting with a very beautiful experiment to illustrate what Sir David Brewster and other; have calkd '' unconsai:.us eelebrat'on." Arch bishop Strain was requested to write on a s.ip of paper the name of a deceased person and tour or five numerals, then to seal it up in an envelope and put it In his pocket. A length of thin wire twelve or fourteen feet long-was pro' duced, and one end of it placed in the left hand of the Archbishop. Mr.! Bishop, taki g the other end, passed it over the tips of the fingers of his right; hand, and across his brow. Having been blindfolded, he began to recite the' numerals one, two, three, four, eto. A; seven he turned bck and repeated four, five, six, then named five as the first number. In his sehond round hd selected seven, and so ,, on till he had the required' nuimber. Re peating ithe alphabet'::in .tho& .same way, he picked out the first letter of thd name on trhe lip, goingl'ovk'themdagaii until he had got four le'ttei~i whenihe guessed that the namo was?i Scott"' On examinatiLn of the Archbishop's' sllp both the numbers and tho name were c:rroot. The Archbishop wiirs more puzzled about the numbers,, beamnsoe l raid he had forgotten them himself. Mr. Bishl p considurfd the illnu'tatiol all the btter r lor tha, as the Arch bislnp's mind ha' acted without his cognizance, and his ierves responding t'o the mnrintion of the figure or letter had agitated the wire perceptibly enough fdr Mr. Bishop to feel it. in f'xll swtay' Afterwards came the 'conjuring ',Mr. Bishop had his wcists.bound as tightly as he could bear.with hospittalbandago4, one'on etch wrist. The bandages :were sowed to hfis shirt sleeves, 'and tied together behiind iThey ere next tied to' a strong Iron ring iruerted in the wfell, wh-u no sat on a camp stool. : is legs were bunaid firriily to the stlbol,'whioh was nailed to he floor, and his neck liws also b.ndagod to the wall. As he sat in view'.of the comnpany you would have thoug' t it' was absolutely iwoposslble for hiin' o mnove a qurier of an inch up or down, to the right or to the .i p A ,tambourine was placed on his knees oontaiiiing sovdral emill bells('whistles .and:,other. noisy insti utents.- Ac!ir taid was'raised, the pianist strick .fu a daiice tune, anid irstantly'the whistles .were.heard squealing, the bells ringing, and the tambourine drumming. ;In 'nothber second the bells were' flying over the curtain on to the floor outside. In the second illustration a heavy bucket was placed on his knco; the curtain rose for a second, fell, and the bucket was on his head. Number three.-h tambourine, with a glass of wine on it, was placed on his knee. The curtain rose and fell again, and he had the glass in his mouth, swallowing the contents. Number four was an answer to a challenge he had received from Russell Wallace, the naturalist, who is also a spiritist, to tie a bandage round his neck with a ring on it while in the cabinet. A strip of hospital cotton was placed round his neck by the atlendant with the ends crossed on his breast. A ring was pu: in his mouth, and the curtain ascended. This time the interval was perhaps a minute or two, and when it fell Mr. Bishop sat with the bandage tied very tight and the ring on it. It had to be cut off, and the ends were passed round the company. Illustration five.--Two small hoards and a hammer were placed on a chair beside him. In half a minute he had driven a nail through both beanrs. The last two dark per formances were made with a gentleman inside the curtain. He sat close to Mr. Bishop, with his left hand on his foreo head and his right on his thigh. He had to allow himself to be blindfolded, but he was to report to the company if he felt any movement of M1r. Bishop's head or legs. A violin, a flute, and some bells were put in as before, and on the curtain rising the bells began to fly about again. When it dropped the violin was seen lying on the gentleman's sh ,lder, and he reported that he felt hinmself tapped by a hard on the arm, lace, and head, his own hands being all the while on Mr. Bishop. At this stage Mr. Bishop offered to perform in full view of the company ?ay of the feats they might select. lHe .xplained beforehand that they were done partly by physical contraction and pas tly by sheer strength of forearm. The company asked for the necktie feat, and at his request a doctor stood beside him. 3'he fact was, as he let out afterwardi he was afraid of fainting before he had finished it. When the s-rip of cottoi had been arranged on his neck he made two or three wriggles vs if he were going :o turn his chest to the wall, whether his head and legs would folldw it or not. ;'His lbft hand1 came rorind from behind, an'd seemed to lengthen itself visioly as it -slowly reached toward the end of the cotton ,\ ith the tips of his ,finger he secured the two ends, looped them, and with a imultaneous effort: oflthe jiind and lead he got oni eend into his mouth. Having drawn his flirstknot, he made a second, slipping the 'rinig on, and then a third. !Dr.. ,Maclayah reported to the company that his pulse had neen to 14'0, and 'that his muscles were in a state of tension, such as he had never witnessed before, and he condemned the experiment as dangerous: and Mr. Bishop himself admitted that it was not one to try often. He was asked to repeat the slate-writing, a very clever feat. The slate was laid on his knee, and a slate pencil stuck between his feet. Repeat Ing his strange contortion he brought round his left hand and caught hold of the slate, passed it behind him, and giving a wriggle in the opposite direc tion he brought his right hand vest pocket within reach of his elastic right hand fingers. Exracting a pencil from it he quickly write on the slate at his back, and very clear regular writing it was. Subsequently he exposed some of the minor tricks of the trade, of which ghost-raising is one. He made a gentleman sit down before him with his back to him, then he had his hands firmly bound behind his chair in two loops. In a trice he released his hand, struck the gentleman on the shoulder with it after challenging him to catch it. Before the gentleman could wheel round on his chair Bishop had his hand back into the loop behind him, apparently so tight that it could not be pulled out. To finish, he brought forward a case like a small sentry box with a seat in it. He had his wrists bandaged again, and the endi, of the landages passed through holes in the back of the box, and sealed behind it. A strong rope netting was drawn over the front of the box, and' tied' behind by several rows bf 'cords, a smillndrum, tambourine, and bells were thrown down beside it, and the 'curtain was drawn on chim. 'All the lights were opwered, and true to bie promise he "raised" the ''patriarclhal John Kiing, who shook his grizzled locks above the curtain. But the censation of the. scauce was the mamerialised Kitty King, who came from behind the curtain, .and showed herself as a beauty of a couple of centuries ago look" ing for' her affinity. This ghost bu.itness, as he explained it, is one of the most impudent humbugs the muediums attempt. He showed that, the case had a spring at the bot tom, which rele.acd an iron frame to which th b'netting was fastened. The frame could be raise:d, and the netting. along with it far enough to let 'the miedium g't ibUt. Tie only difficulty was' to 'release the hands from, their. sealed bracelets. The wardrobe of thb epirita-w--Wi, laces~, arnd .glhostly mill.' nuery---was? concealed 'io theb druim he' had t1iion ,dobw, ay 'ic"c eilly. As a mere conjnrdr;Ml :Mr Bshop n.tuld,if he: liked, take the, place, of poor Heller, who, died recently at ? N York, but hd has anoither profession in view. ' His arms are an anat6ioiiil 'study-a thick' muscular forearm, passing,abruptly isnto te. wrist of a boy, and expand.ing again 'into a broad short ~ihd :, ?oiaddmitted to the medical men, ''who 'eagerly scannedi, it, that it had the power of eloingon o--- very rare; but not unkunowan niiiadsoi?r peculiarity. Mise ]ay, heo' sai, had th'o 'ssme gift, ahd .also.that of contortion, but,. of course, she had n,t his groat, strength. Her slnimiese,' perhaps,'compensates for it. He affirmed. that her tricks had been performed precisely as he had shown, and hinted that, Ihke Mrs. Tilton, she had become an Interesting penitent. 