OVER THE CLOCK. Tcesdaf, September 16. Amhurst, who is developing a talent for basinets that people lit- le expected, to-k first hand at the pumps to- lay and d-ibbled out a motion f r a return of customs reveuue for each of the four financial districts, Then did Macrossan formally rcqueBt the honorables. to. .approve, of. the p'ans. tectiuns and bo ks of reference relating to two little deviation* ot lailway at iownsvnie. une ot these is mixed-up i - some way with an exciting i Macrossan -Cii in ^Griffith episode which occurred ; in the early part o£ tbe session. Samuel was not present this af eruoon, so we were ruthlessly robbed of tfl'iirospect of boiuj fun. Douglas, McLean and Bickson of G-urtie def nd.:d ibeir former err r, and urge! M'l.wiaith to m ike the railway along the Townsville jetty into tbe ocean. Townsville was a very hit place and the Towns 'illuns required proper rai' faci ities for s-2a t'athiug. Wetos-ed up aod M llwraitn, whose coin has two heads, of course won. Sanction being politely asked for toe plans of the extension of the Rockaampton r-ilway from 197 miles to 2G0 mil.s, Douglas beni^nautiy approved of the survey, bat would Jike to know, if quite convenient to t :ll, what direction tb ? liue wou d tike beyond the 200 mile p;g. Macrossan poiutiug to the right band lobb' d ior exclaimed 44 tue w st,' and Palmer added, 'towards Baraldine Do-vns,1 After this Grifllth arrived and at ouce com mence 1 a studied attack ou tbe truuk-liue policy of the Government, confiing himscl , however, to the question of taxiug -be western squait rs to pay the iuter- st --n the loan, to which Mr. M'llwraith replied thusly : — The boa. gentleman bad delivered a Uashed-up speech of what he should have said on the want of coutidenca motion, but did not— and which was quite out of id tea at tliis time of ihe session. The douse was uow in just as complete ignorance of the policy of the Opposi tion as they were before the lion, gentleman rose. If lie meant that the policy of tbe Opposition n^xt year would be to see that the taxation of the colony would he equitably distributed among the right pu-ties, lie bad no need to tbruw tbe assertiou across the llouse u.» a threat, because he would be likely to get hU bast sup port from that ^Moistena!) sido. The Government had proposed to carry out thit policy this session, aod eliould have done so but for the obstruction of the hoii. gentleman and his followers. Then the leading lights of the Opposition — Rae and others — jumped to their feet aud in veighed vigorously as is th fir wont. Cardinal Wols y was very bitter against Grilliths for not fighting w en he and others wanted bim to. He thought *' it would be as wei* f»r the Oppo sition to sit stid and let things rip, and men B'.artled m i by sayiug that the Opposition were responsible for the success of tbe Government policy and should take tne fall credit. But Kiugsford's request was actually com plied with, and Oppositionists 6auk their cocoa nuts into their shiitfronls, allowing M^crossau to approve of the plans of ihe three t unk-iin extensions, as he pleased. The Railway Reserves Amendment Bill th n trotted out for its second reading. Tais measure is merely to authorize the Premier «o adopt a diife«.eut system of book-keepi .g to that empl -yed by his predecessoss. or, iu other words, to transfer tbe Railway Reserve foud* to the consolidated rcv.nu-j. Of ccurse, the Opposition 6nw in this an important que uon affecting tbe most vital interests -f th- colony, ond so oppose I it tooth a d nni . M'l wraith said the bill must go th ough, and Griffith re plied that he hardly could'ke p his temper and was sorry now that he had helped tbe Govern ment so much this session. (Sarcasm evi dently.) Well, the bi 1 passed i s second rea i ine. but the rebellious oues would not iet it go through Committee, this blessed day at any rate. Macrossm then move! the second reading of. the Tramways Bill, which is designed to enable the G .v.ro'Qent lo make railways where they like without haviog to fork out handsomely to rapacious alotiuent owners, and to pave the way f«»r street tramways. This was opposed by G'iffith and his lieutenants, of course, who wanted ministers to s-ty they were not sincere ?n pressing the bil|. Tho Minister for Works Bald that, for the information of the hoo. member, he would sfctte that lie iutezuled to try and get the Bill passed, notwithstanding all the alterations the hon. member aud others might Intend to make in it. W ll, this li 1 tie bill was passed, and to morrow tb j committee are to sit upon it, but whether they will batch the egg is a -other question. f The Crown Lands Alienation Act Amend ment Bill thi n went, through committee. Per kins pointed out a clause 4o allow homestead selectors to have 1G3 acres instead of 60. as hitherto, And n - advance in prices. Other little details of the measure were theo polished off, and near the witching hour of midnight, when cbarchynrds and reporters yawn and ghosts of members of Parliament tr»wp forth I oto George street, we partook ot the ubq&I; nightcap and retired. . . ? .? ^ Douglas is making a tremendous effort to retrieve his position. AU -through this sitting he has beec on his legs, with very much to.gay on every subject. Some iuflaence is al work stimulating him to work np.for a leading posi tion again. Will be succeed ? I doSbt4t«?9h, * 