THE NOVELIST. THE CLOVEN TOOT. BY THE AUTHOB OP " LABT AUDLEY'S SECRET," &c;, &c.; [The solo right of publication of » The Cloven Foot has teen purchased hy the proprietors of this journal from Hiss Braddon."] CnAPTER XXXVI.-KEEGAEIOU'S WIFE. " Father lo Moscam," said John Treverton, you ever remember hearing of a girl who left town a laundress to beconio afterwards a celol in Paris, as a stage dancer ?" " I ought to romember," answered the c looking somewhat astonished at the question, ' I baptised her ; I prepared her for her first ( munion, poor soul ; and I married her." John Treverton started from his chair, and i Bat down again profoundly agitated. Sam] was right. Yes ; thero had been a previous i riage. Yet was it not too soon for exultât Tho first husband might have died before Chicot came to Paris. " Aro wo talking of tho same woman ?' asked ; " a girl who was known as Mademois Chicot." " Yes," answered Father le Moscam, " that tho only woman who ever left Anray to blosi into a Btage dancer. Ours is not a soil that fr< produces that kind of flower. I havo good rea to remember that girl, for I was interested by singular beauty, and I felt anxious for tho saf of her soul among tho snares and temptations which such remarkable beauty is subject. I my best to teach her-to fortify her against future dangora ; but she was empty within as was lovely without. I hardly know whether i ought to consider such a creature responsible for her errors. Hore was a case of invincible noranco. The church has to deal with many si characters-tho heart hard as ßtono, tho intellec blank." " What's ho jabbering about P" said Tom Sar son to his cliemfc. "You look as if you had tov out something." " Wait, my dear fellow, I am on the point making a discovery. You were right^ in ye guess, Sampson, thero was a previous hi band." " Of course," cried Sampson, triumphant " My surprise in ' tho case of a woman of tl kind would bo to discover only one previc husband. I should, sooner oxpect to hear six." " Hold your tongue," said Treverton autho tatively, and then he refilled Father le Mescan glass, before he proceeded with his inquiry. " Y say you married La Chicot ?" " Sho was not La Chicot when I married h( but plain Marie Moinellic, the oldest daughter a drunkon old fisherman down by the qua Drink was hereditary in her family. Grandfath and great grandfather, they had all bee» dru karda. Tho children had to shift for thomselv from the time they could run. I think that mi have helped to make them hard and cruel, thom: some sweet souls make themselves fit for Heav< in just as hard a lifo. As she grew up to a fii tall slip of a girl, her handsome face attracto notice. Sho got to know that she was the prc liest woman in Auray, and tho knowledge soo spoiled whatever good there was in her. I saw a the, perils of her position-dissolute parents utter want, of guidance from without-a mind to frivolous to be a guide to itself. In my idea he only chance of salvation lay in an early marriage and although she was but seventeen when Jea¡ Korgariou asked her to be his wife, I did no hesitate in advising ker to marry him." " Who was Korgariou." " A sailor, and as good a fellow as ever went t soa. Ho and Marie had been playfellows. The; had attended tho same class for instruction. Jeai was intelligent, Marie was dull. Jean was fran! and good humoured, Marie was reserved and self willed. But the poor fellow was dazzled by th girl's beauty, and she was endeared to him by oh associations. Ho told me that she was the onli woman he had ever cared for, the only woman h< ever should care for. He had saved a little money and could afford to furnish ono of the cottages ir the street by the quay. He would have to go tx sea, of course, and Marie would stop at home anc keep. house, and perhaps earn a little money bj washing linen, having the river so convenient I would rather have had a homestayiug husbanc for her, but Joan was a thoroughly good follow and I thought such a husband must keep her ou^ of harm's way. Ho was not tho kind of man thal any woman could attempt to triflo with." " And ho married her ?" " Yes, they wore married in the church yondei ono Easter Monday." " Can you tell me the date ?" "I can find it for you in tho book where such events are registered. I could not say at this mo ment how many years ago it may have been. 1 could tell you the year of poor Kergariou's death." " Oh, he is dead, then ?" asked Treverton, with a dreadful sinking of the heart. " Yes, poor fellow. Let me see ; it must have boen throe years ago last summer that Kergariou met with his melaucnoly death." " His melancholy doath," repeated Treverton. " Why melancholy ?" " He was killed-run over by a waggon, on the Boulevard St. Denis, in Paris." " Run over by a waggon, three summers ago, on the Boulevard," echoed John Treverton. " Yes, I recollect." " What, you knew him." " rio, but I was in Paris at the time of the ac cident." John Treverton recalled that Bcene at the morgue his wife's ghastly face when she entreated him to take her away. Yes, that one pago which had stood* boldly out from the book of memory, with a lurid light upon it, was indeed a page of momentous meaning. " Tell me all about Jean Kergariou and his wife/' he said to the cure. " It is a matter of vital importance for me to know. You are doing me a service which will make'me grateful to you for the rest of my life." * " Not quito solong, I hope," retorted tho prii with a sly smile. " A man would bo but stu I lived if bia life were to bo measured by the end ance of his'gratitude. That is a delightful virt but not a lasting one." " Try mo," exclaimed John Treverton. " G me legal proof that Mario Pomollic and the dan called Chicot wero one, and that the man kil on tho Boulevard, three summers ago, was Ma Pomellic's husband, and you may put mo to 1 hardest proof you choose, but you shall never fi me ungrateful." " There are noble exceptions, doubtless," s¡ the priest, shrugging hiß shoulders," just asthi is now and then a baby born with two heads, for tho story of Marie Pomollic and her uiarria« it is simple enough, and the proof of it is to found in tho registers at the Marie, while t fact is known to all tho inhabitants of the qui where Jean's wifo lived. That the man killed Paris was Jean Kergariou is also certain ; ho w recognised by a fellow sailor while he was lyi: in the morgue, and the account appeared several of the Paris newspapers under the hoadi: of ' Faits Divers'. Tho only point open to que tion might he the identity of the' dancer, Mac jmoiselle Chicot, with Kergariou's wife, but ev that was pretty well known to several people Auray, who saw tho woman dance in Paris, a: brought back tho news of her success-to say n thing of her photographs, which are unmista able." " How did Marie Kergariou come to lea Auray?" " Who knews ? Not I. What man can e: plain a woman's caprice ? She lived stead] enough for the first year after her marriage. Kc gariou was away tho greater part of the time, < board a whaler in Greenland. When he can homo he and his pretty wife soemed monstrous fond of each other. But in the second year thinj were not so pleasant. Kergariou complained mo of his wife's temper ; Marie avoided the co: .fossional, and grew lax in hor attendance atti I church. The.neighbourstold mo thoro were quarre -neighbours will talk of each other, you soe, si and a priest must not always shut his ears, for tl more he knows of his parishioners tho bettor 1 can holp them. I had some serious talk wi! Marie, but found her sadly impenetrable. SI complained of her hard life, and said she had i work as hard as the ugliest woman in Auray. reminded her that the blessed Virgin, who w¡ portrayed in all our churches as the higeest type human loveliness, had led a humble and toilson lifo on earth, before she ascended to be the quec of Heaven. Was beauty to give exemption fro: toil and hardship ! If she had been feeble an deformed, I told her, she might plead her weah ness as an excuse for idleness j but God had give her health and strength, and she ought to I proud to think that her labour could help to kee a decent home for her husband, whose career wa ©no of continual peril. I might as well hav talked to a stone. Marie told me she wa very sorry she had married a sailor. If she ha waited a little she had no doubt she might hav had a rich young farmer for her husband-a ma who could havo stayed at home and kept her coru pany, and given her good clothes to wear. Befor that year was half gone, I heard that there hai been a desperate quarrel batween Kergariou an< his wife th© night before ho left home for hi Greenland Toyage ; and before he had toeen goni a week Marie disappeared. At first there was ai idea that she had made away with herself, an< some of the goodnatured fisher folk, who hac known her from her.childhood, set to work t< drag the river. But when the neighbours came t< examine her cottage they found that she ha« taken all her clothes and the few trinkets tha Jean had given her in her courting days, and sooi after that a waggoner told how he had mot her 01 the road to Bonnes, and then everyone knew thai Korgariou's wife had run away 'because sh« wai tiredof her toilsome, honeBthfeat Auray. She had let drop many a hint, it seemed, when she wai washing linen among her companions down by th< river, and it was pretty clear to them all thai she had gone to Paris to make her fortune, anti that if she could not make it in a good way she would make it in a bad one. Sh» was only nine teen yearB of age, but as old in perversity as ii sho had been fifty." " When did her husband come back ?" " Not till late in the following year. Ho had l)een through all kinds of misfortune in the Ncvth Seas, and came back looking like thc ghost of the fino handsome young follow I had married ' two years ago. When he found out what had happened he wanted to set out for Paris in search of his wife ; but he foll ill of fever and ague, and lay for months at a friend's house, between life and death. As soon as he was able to move about he went to Paris and spent the remnant of his savings in hunting for his wife, without success. She had not yet made herself notorious as a dancer you must understand, and thero were no photographs of her to be seen in the shops. She was only ono among many foolish creatures, painting their faces and dancing before the foolish crowd. Kergariou came back to Auray in despair, and then went off to the North Ssas again, ealing very little whether he ever returned to his native place any moro. Ho did come back, however, after an absence of more than three years, and by that time Mario Pomellic had become notorious in Paris under the name of Zaire Chicot, and a Parisian photographer travelling through Brittany had left half adozon of her photographs in Auray. They were to be seen at the bookseller's shop, when Jean Kergariou came home from his last voyage, and no sooner did he comprehend what had happened than he started off again for Paris, on foot this time, for the poor fellow had spent all his money in his former search for his wife. He left Anray about the middle of June, and in the second week of July I read of his death in tho Moniteur Universal, which a friend sends mo every week from Orleans. Whether he had found Iiis wifo or n©t, I never know. No ono ever heard any more about his fate than that he had reachod Paris and met his death there." : " A melancholy end," said John Treverton. " Not more melancholy than that of his wife," replied Father le Mescam, " if there was any truth I in a story I read last year, copied from au English newspaper. The poor creature seems to ha been murdered by the man with whom Bhe w Hying-possibly her husband." John Treverton's heart sank. Everyone, ev this unworldly old priest, looked upon the hi band's guilt as a matter of course. And, if 1 innocence should ever be put to the proof, ho ww ho to prove it ? It was much to have made this d: covery about his first wife, and to know that 1 second marriage had been valid. Ho Btood pc sessed of Jasper Treverton's estate without shadow of fraud. Although guilty in intenth he had been innocent in fact. But beyond tl there remained ,that still darker peril, the pc sibility that he might have to stand in tho doc charged with La Chicot's murder. Tho two priests helped to discuss a second bo tie of Pomard, and then took their departure, aft Father lo Mescam had promised to introdui Mr. Treverton to a respectable notary, who woul procure for him the legal evidence of Marie Pome lee's marriage. While this was being done i Auray, John Treverton and his companion woul travel without loss «f time to Paris, and th« search out thc details of Jean Kergariou's deat and burial. Tho appointment with the notary was made U 9 o'clock next morning, so eager was John Tr< verton to push on tho business. " Well," gasped Sampson, when the two priest had gone, "if ever a man played patience on monument for a long wintor evening I think I ar that individual. Now they've gone, perhap you'll tell mo what that ridiculous Jack-in-the-bo Father le Whats-his-name, has been saying to yoi I never saw an old .fellow gesticulate in such frantic way. If I hadn't been bursting with euri osity, I should have rather enjojed the perform ance as a piece of dumb show." John Treverton told his legal adviser the gist o all he had heard from the priest. . ' Didn't I say so," exclaimed Sampson. " Didn' I say that it was moro than likely there was i former husband Jin ,the background. It was i desperate guess, of course, and I don't know tha I quito thought it when I made the suggestion But anything was better than relinquishing tin estate, as you would have beon foolenough to do if you hadn't had a shrewdish young man for youj legal adviser. One of those tip-top firms in thc city would have gone straight off to take counsel's opinion, and beforo you knew whore you were, you'd havo been counselled and opinioned out oi your property." Sampson was in a state of intense exulta tion at a result which he considered entirely due to his own acumen. Ho walked up and down the room chuckling inwardly, in a burst of self-approval. His overstrung feelings at last sought relief in some kind of refreshment. He asked John Tre verton to order him a glass of hot gin and water, and he was quite indignant when informed that the Pavilion d'en Haut could not furnish that truly British luxury. " I daresay if I order you a ' grog' you will get something in the shapo of hot brandy and water," said Treverton. " Oh, pray don't do anything of the kind. Ask that black-eyed girl to bring a jug-Oh, here "she is." And thereupon Mr. Sampson turned himself to the pretty waiting maid, gave a loud proUminary "hem," and thus addressed her " Mada-moy selle, voulez vous avez le bordy de bringez-ong jong-orig too petty joug-O boyU long, prenez voas garde que o'est too boyllong, avec une demi pint de 0 di vi, et ong bussing de sooJcer, et pardonnez, aussi ong quiller, n'oubliez pas le quiller." Here the girl's vacant stare arrested 1 him, and he saw that no ray of British light could pierce an intellect of such Gallic density. " Here, Treverton," he cried impatiently. " You ask her. I The girl's a fool." I John Treverton gave the order, and Mr.- Samp son had the pleasure of mixing for himself a Btrong jorum of thoroughly English brandy and water, and went to bed happy after drinking it. As soon as the post-office was open next morn ing, John Treverton despatched the following telegram to his wife : " Good news for you. All particulars to follow in to-day's letter." At ll, railroad time, Mr. Treverton and his lawyer were on their way to Bonnes, en route for Paris. 