? FOOTBAIX. — The matches for to-day are Norwood v. Adelaide on the Norwood ground, and Victorian v. Port on the Victorian ground. HUNT CLUB.—Tbe members of the Hunt Club held a meeting to make arrangements for the Hunt Club Races, at the Glube Hotel, on August 8\. Mr. W. K. Simms, M.P., was voted to the chair, there being about twelve persons present. It was decided that the meeting should be held on September 27, the programme being the same as that of last year with the exception of the Volunteers' Handicap, which was struck out and the Tallvho Handicap, a race open to allcomers, substituted. The question was mooted as to whether the stakes should be fixed or sweepstakes, but it was resolved that the old system of sweepstakes should be adhered to. The Hunt Cup Stakes were raised from £50 to £30. Several alterations and addenda were made to the conditions, and the races were fixed to be run in the following order:—Maidens—Hunt Cup, Selling Steeplechase, Tillyho Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Hunters' Stakes. It was also resolved that the meeting should be run solely under the auspices of the Hunt Olub, and that the committee should endeavour to obtain the Morphettville Course for the Jockey Club. The following gentlemen were appointed a Racing Committee:—Messrs. H. E.Downer, S.M, E. G. Blackmore, Malcom, and Hart. ADELAIDE HUNT CLUB. — The hounds will meet at the Glynde this afternoon. WHITE'S ROOMS.—There was another large attendance at White's Rooms on Friday evening to witness the ghost entertainment, which was under the patronage of His Excellency the Grovernor. As on previous evenings, the programme was successfully carried out and was well received. It was announced that there would be an afternoon performance to-day as well as the usual one in the evening. BrcKXEv's CONCERT COIRPAKY.—A variety entertainment will be givea this evening in the Gouger-street Academy, by Buckley's Comic Concert Company. SALE OF THE BACEHOBSE A BDALLAH.—Mr. S. Barnard sold by auction on Friday, August 8, the steeplechaser Abdallah, to Mr. Altmann, for 150 guineas. 