Amusements. Theaibb Botaii. — Abottt fonr years and a half ago, Mr. J. C. Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore (Mrs. Williamson) first made the acquaintance of the Sydney public in their remarkable Dntoh-American drama ' fitrnok Oil,' in which they acqnirod a popu larity that has never been exceeded by any other performer* on the stage in this oitjr. Besides 'Struck Oil,' they: pro4noed 'Kerry,' 'The Chinese Question,' '?Little Nell' (Old Curiosity ?Shod, and other pieces, all of whicli their B»)endid talents for etoge representations made extraor dinarily entertaining^. . Tho return of these favourites, after an interval of over fonr years, was hailed with the liveliest manifestations of delight at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night by an overflowing audienoe, hundreds having to go away disappointed, boing unable to obtain admittance. Every part of the theatre was crammed withpeople, and aburat of applause snoh as is ttooorded to few actors or nctreBseu welcomed tbe favourites ou th»ir ooming forward. 'Struck Oil' was produced, with the farce of ' The Chinese Ques tion' as an afterpiece. The drama is substantially the same as when originally produoed, but has been altered in eoms respeots, ana improved. The prin oipsl alteration is in the third act, in whioh a vory prettj cottage and garden scene is introduced, to gether with a view of Die oily town that bas sprung up in John . Stof el's absonoe at the war. Mr. William eon is the same genial Dutohmanos of yore. His ec centricities ana quaint sayings are as fresh and as enjoyable as when he first 'revelled in them at tbe Queen's Theatre. That drilling soene, and the cap ture of the ' officer of the day ' ' by John, are brimful of the broadest humour j and Miss Maggie Mooro— her (Lizzie [Stofol is an exquisite performance — full of Hfe, joyous, playful, misomevous, ytt affeotionato, and altogether a most entertaining little Seutscber girl.. Mips Maggie Mooro possesses the rare facuHy of being able to imbue hor audience with the feelings which she hcrBelf pourtrays. One moment she has her audience in roars of laughter, and the next she moves them to tears. Witness that grotesque seeno in' which she blackens tho face of one, of theiarrifcins by whom she has been tormentcS, and, while revelling in the fun of the incident, is suddenly Bnbdned into tho moet tender sorrow at the intelligence that her dear old 'fader.'P of whom she Ir so fond, is about to 'go by de vor.' She was 'Shturt so happy Ilka » little bird' tin that blow oomea, and it takes all the fun end mischief ont of poor Lizzie. The change in her demeanour it very atrikkur and, artistically revealed, and shows that she is «-rually a mistress of pathos is she is of humour. Miss Moore has introduced some new sosgs — very good ones, or ftt«ll events she makes them so; and she ahw favoured her audience with one or two of the old favourites, which were most acceptable. Both she and her husband were. oalled before the footlights to receive the acclamations of tho audience a-t the end of eaoh aot. Theohar&eter; Season Skbuer— which poor Billy Andrews nsed to come off so onooeesfnlly in— was takem by Mr. B. N. Jones. Mr. Jones was not so much, at home as~he is in most of the oharaotera he assmnes. He euooeoded, by his assumption of puritanical hypocrisy, in mak ing the Deaoon cordially hateil— but that was alL Thehypoorisy of the character was there, bnt the fine humoqr that it might be invested with was want ing. Mr. Jones made the oharacter too pronounced a hypocrite, without any other colouring, to be entirely satisfactory. Mr. Vincent made a moet capable Judge Flynn, and Miss Melville was a Tery homejy and estimable 'frau' to John Stofel All the other characters were sufficiently well played. -'The Ohintte Question' added tp the enjoyment of +.Tin ornninir. Tlit a tar of the 'WlUiamsonH here is likely to be long and satisfactory to the public, tho lessee, and themselves. The performanoo at the Guild Ball was witnessed by a large audianee on Satnrday evening, and every thing went as smoothly as uma4. As vooalists M\6a Godfrey and Mips Ainewertb shue. the honours for first position in ibis really taleBted treupe, whilst tbq eooontrioitiea of Messrs. Bee«, Gilbert, Oummina, and Harrlnirten, oauBe the greatest mirth. Mies Elliott's stdppinjg'tope danoBmustbe preupunoed the cleverost part of the entertainment i the ease with whioh eh* can dance a hornpipe or Highland fling while the rope is revolving aV ** invimblo «pee4, is marvellous, and althonjh this performanca mnst tax the powers qf her enduranfle, One ie always good natnred enough to respond \o the manyehcores, with whioh shainvariablyis honoured. Tie Frollquet only remain in Sydney for «ir niffVts longer; Thers is a great deal that $« ?ntertsiBing am) amusing ia tteir progmmmo, andamost^foyatte evening niaj Mr. J. 5» Ca.13iigfl.rt m^dejui^jiLitPflar&nco; as H^u^ let at the 1Wm& Seatereit BatorSfty evpslas, before a very good audienoe. Mr. . Oathoort is not quite a stranger in Sydney, although It is nearly 15 years sinoa he last stood before tke footlights of a Sydney theatre i h* then was chief aoborifc a eem pany which Mr. Charles Koan introducod. Mr. Cathotrt's Hamlot Is good, although if critlolssd carefully, faults conld be fonnd. . As an elo cutioniet he shines, bis «l»ar, correct pro nunciation doing away with many fafl tog»-in'feis uSting. Howiever, Hamlet, as plfeyed by Mr. Qathoart, will bear favourable comparison with many who have essayed the part .and who have arrived in this country with a greater ' flourish of trumpets. '. Miss Watt -Tanner's Ophelia showed a careful study of the part, and, if diligent, this lady will ere long be one ef our first-class actresses. Her »inging in the mad ecene shows that eke has a fine, melodious Voioe, and jt was greatly admired. Mr. ElKbtt playeal Laertes in * masterly mannoivAnd'tho audienoe 'Showea their appreciation of his efforts by their applause. Mr. Poole made a vory humorous frrave'dtggct, and Mr. White made a capitu Polonies. Taken as aw^olo, the performanoe of ' Hamlet ' was u eneceBS, and will bear repetition. - 'There was a very good house at the Queen's meatre on Saturday evenmg. Tne curtain rose to ' The Governor,' amd; m n»u»l, Mesera. Bakor and Farron managed to keep an appreciative audienoo in conUnuous roors of lauphter. The aftorpieoe. if R4,we .nmy o»ll it, oonsipte'd'of ITalqu or dances by the New Zaaland natives. Captain Perriep isteo dncpd tho tronpe — consis'ing of 25 persons, as the finest spocimens of Mabriei— there being no lees than five chiefs ' amongst them, and one of the ladies oooapied. the same position in New Zealand as a daughter of the Qiieen wonld in Eng laud. To give n description of the entertainment would bo impo.isiblo, as tho whole consists of emo tional gestures, typical of ' the 'noble sons of the forest,' wMch one mnst see with his own 670s to undoi-stand its moaning. Every student of ethnology ought to pay a vieitto the Queon's, as the perform ance is not only amusing, but also very instructive, from an ethnological point. In spite of all other attractions, Professor Peppcr'B lecture at the School of Arts wan largely attended on Saturday evening. Th« microscopic viows were tho chief feature of the evening's entertainment. Speci mens of wood, fine Welsh flannels, and a noodle were eiHbited. The noodle was magnified many thousands of times, bnt the screen was not large enough to allow of its being seen all at onoe, and when tho eye of the needle appeared, it was observed to be about 6£i in diameter. Views of injects -to., wera also given. This wen ing Professor Popper will give an illustra tion of that notorious ghost story, ' Fisher's Ghost'; tliiB will be shown by the bid of the appa ratus used in ' the Metempiyohosis.' Burton's Circus, at the Haymarkst, had a good attendance on Saturday night. The fepeBfoeular piece, 'St. George and the Drafon,' w»j well re oeived, and the aotors deserved the applause which followed tlie exbiting oombat between 'Et. Qeorgo ond-the Dragon. ' Johnny Cowitn, M clown.,' ivill draw a emilo from tho most stoical ; and Madamo Wcmbold's riding is psrfeotion. 