I AMUSEMENTS. Tho principal item under this head since the departure of the last mail has been the opening of the Sandhurst Juvenile Exhibition, which u referred tu in another portion of the summary of news. The annual Easter Fair has also been opened, with owry prospect "f a successful issue. D'Arcy Head's Ghost entertainment has had a run of over a. month, at the Masonic Hall, with very fair success. iSt. .James's Hall was occupied by a variety company for a week, and drew very good houses. A number of small entertainments, such as promenade concerts, bulla, etc., have been held dining the holidays. The Axedale races were held on tho 'Joth March, and proved very enjoyable. Five events were on the programme, and, aa u.-u »! at oonntrj* race meetings, tho competition was keen. One of the chicf out-door attractions of the month has been tho .<wimming exhibitions given by Pro fesxu- Cavill, who is famed for haviug crossed the English Channel in his swimming costume. The first dUpiay of the I'rofessor in this city was in the reservoir in the Upper Reserve, ou Wednes day, the 2nd instant, where a very large concourse of people had assembled. The natatorial efforts throughout were keenly watched, and the Pro fessor's elForts, tog ther with those of his two children, Charlie and Madeline, were loudly ap plauded. specimens of ornamental, scientific, and u-efnl swiinm ng wore given. A second and similar exhibition took place later on in the lar^e dam belonging to the Great Extended Hustler's 0 iinpany. Tlie collections m^.de at both places on C.ivill's behalf resulted very materially. On Monday ewniiK last, the Royal Piincesa Theatre was opened by tlie Sandhurst l)rainatic Club. The piec? performed on the opening night was "The tickct of-1* ave man.11 The various pa'U were well sustained. Last evening "Claredalo or tiie Lost Will" was very fairly represented by th • club. Well tilled houses greeted the club on both occasions. 0;. Good Friday the usual number of picnics wo«\» held in different part< of tho city. 