The Chronicle. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1879. "\\\ c see m reason to regret the opinkn wo expressed in our lust as to the 1101. -appearauce of matters much debated at the cioae of la>t session in Sir (Jiuiu es S^ahen's present, bill for the alterat-un <>i the constitution of the Council. ]Sot tliat Sir Ciiakles lias by the adoption of that course freed himself from intru sive Ministerial criticisms on Iris pro posals, nor vet been left without some ad vice as to what may be further necessary for the 'settlement of tin; constitutional question. Mr. Jorix Woods did not. j for instance, think it baneatii his ] )aS i | tiou to snetr in the Assembly on Thurs day evening ad Sir Chakleh's propjsals for popularising the Council, and u,k d of " reconstruction and abolition" as the only remedies to be applied to it. Something, tuo, has been said, in ncrj than one of the public journals, of Sir Charles's proposals being taken as a basis on which negotiations might be entered into for a settlement of the whole question—which, however desir able in itself, seems to us quite imprac ticable. Until there is some abandon ment of prejudice by Ministers and their followers, and some approach to reason, it appears to us next to useless to t; Ik of compromises, and that it would be far better to let things take their own cour>e. That they aie doing as fast as they can: public opinion audpullic feeling on the constitutional question, even among the former supporters of Ministers out of doors, being very dif ferent from what it was twelve or eigh teen mouths ago. The people are, n fact, everywhere beginning to see tl.at the ill concerted endeavors of Ministers and their friends to keep up excitement on this question are simply for .the fur therance of their own interests, and must in. the cud prove abortive. Sir Charles Slauex appears to us to have exercised a sound discretion iii importing no more into his bill than was abso lutely necessary to bring the two Houses en rapport with eaclfbther. Of thi , Ministers are, of course, jealous; the} do not "want the Council to be popular ised ; it would be far better, in their opinion, that it should be left as it is; unless, indeed, they could turn it into a nominee house, aud iiil it with their own creatures. The ground Sir CliarLs has taken up with regard to the 56tli section of the Constitution Act also appears to us to be very judi cious. It is much like saying, we do not wish to meddle with anything which does not concern us, and let the other House do the same. There can be no doubt as to this being the true position for the Council to take up, and they will be strengthened by it in the end. When their bill is sent down to the other Housi', what .objection can be "Jairly made to tljeir attempting to reform' themselves ? And when the Ministerial bill is sent up to them—should it e\§r reach that stage—how much more strongly will they be able to object to it, than they would have been, had tl ey interfered with any of the assumed Hi a nancial rights or privileges of the As sembly! We are not at, all sanguine of Sir Charles Sladen's bill meeting with anything like acceptance iv the other House. No matter for. that. It is the best, 'perhaps, that can Lc donv under the circumstances. It is not a,, over-cautious—a pre-eminently fistin a ' ferte measure. It goes far enough— farther probably than some would wish. Yet it trenches on no ground, we think, that the Assembly can reason ably object to. And if not accepted now, it will be at some future time, The nearer we get to the division on the second reading of the Ministerial reform bill, the less hope there seems to be of auy concessions on the part of the Go vernment for the sake of carrying it. Mr. Berry's offer of the excison of the sixth clause, if a majority of the House was opposed to it, appears to have been abandoned, unless Ministers themselves are hoplessly divided ou that poiut. Nor docs there seem to be the slightest ground for believing that either Minis ters or theiv supporters will forego their intention of transforming the Coun cil into a nominee Upper House after their own peculiar pattern. On the contrary, although some of their former supporters have declared themselves op posed to one or other of these things, they are determined to tvy their strength ift reference to them, and have no doubt: of carrying the second reading of the - bill with both in it. With regard to the plebiscite, they are very confident, not because the folly of such a course of proceeding has not been demonstrated over and over again, but because it tickles the fancy of many who do not s?e the mischief to which it would ll\id. There is many a slip, however, between the cup and the lip, and it may, per chance, liappeu, before the division is called on on Thursday next, that Minis ters will find that they have been over sanguine, and that they will cither have to promise some modifications in the bill, or submit to its being hung up. More unlikely tTings have happened, but should Ministers carry things with a high hand, and escape this, that will not be tho end of the matter by a long way. Some have promised to vote for tho second, but not for the third reading of the bill, and they must get a two thirds majority for the latter, as well as for the former, or it will be lost. Meanwhile, supposing the second read ing of the bill to be carried by a two thirds majority, every clause will have to run the gauntlet in committee, and it will be very strange, indeed, if it does not come out of committee muc'i changed. For, although debated, as it will then, luue been, ten nights in the House, it is not to he supposed that it will not be much further debated in committee, where division after division will be taken, not upon its principles, but its details, so that when it comes t'> its third reading, it may be a more mis-shapen mass than it now is, and some may object to its third reading, who would not object to it in its present form. But taking the worst possible view of the matter —supposing the bill t:> be carrel through the Assembly, without any of its objectionable features being eliminated—what then ! "Will the Upper House, whic^i h;s certainly ab suiined i:i its proposed legislation from any interference with the Lower, enter tain it 1 Not unless they consent to be trampled upon. Then there is only one further stage to b^ taken with the bill, and thnt is, to remit it to the country, not by the Ministerial plebiscite scheme, but by a dissolution of the Assembly— by sending I ack the present mcml ers to their constituents—and what would ie j the result? That many of the most ardent and viol, nt supporters of Minis ters would never be allowed to set their feet within the House again. Things will then be brought round to llieir nor mal position, and constitutional reform will have 10 be taken up where it should have been taken up from th. '. ii st. Of its ever being carried cut by ike presei t men, or in the form now proposed, there is not the ghost of a chance. If -Mr. Berry and Ins friends think otherwise, why do they not ap peal to the country ? Why keep the question dangl'ng before the eyes < f the constituencies, instead of taking their opinions on it ? For the simile reason, ihut they are afraid of doing so. It would be the worst day's work they could do foe themselves. All the coun try wniild be uu in arms against them- It will be some relief to the conn'iv to know that Mi1. Berry has not abaucio.ied all sense of honor it "public life- Theie is one point beyond which he does not feel himself at liberty to go, that is, into the violation of a formal solemn com pact between himself and others, to which those on the other side resolutely object. Strongly as he may hrra been urged to do this by Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer and others with regard to the payment of members, he has come to the conclusion that it could not be done su; c •ssfully, and he ha?, therefore, aban doned all thoughts of it. Yet he lias done this in such a way as to show that his heart does no go with his words, but that he wil! he ready to renew the game of " salary grab " on the first opportu nity, when relieved of the obligation by which he now feels himself bound. Nay more : he curves from his inmost soul the day on which lie was led to prornisetbatpayment of members should expire with the present parliament, and on which he was so foolish as to allow Mr. Cuthbert to guarantee the fulfilment of that promise on his behalf ia the Upper House, But the way in which lie proposes to deal with tin's question, if albnved to do so, when he gets out of his present position, which both lie and some of his followers appear to regard as an uncomfortable one, is, we must confess, neither creditable to his under standing, nor is it all honorable. "If a majority in favor of payment of mem bers is obtained at the next general election, the new parliament jvill be called together immediately afterwards," or, "if necessary a special session f( r dealing with the subject shall be held, and the Government will decide whether I they will put a vole on the estimates or j proceed by bill," That is to say. if then iv powpr, they will even run the risk of another dead-lock between the two Houses, rather than give up this demoralising system, or, at any rate, decide wh< ther this shall be dove or not. We do not care, however, to speculate over-much on what is so distant and un certain, but are quite content t" leave the matter as it now stands. iSi.ilcient for the <*ay is the evil thereof: let the morrow take care of the things of the morrow: hon members will have to face their constituents empty-hiuded, and paj their electioneering expenses out of their own pockets. That is as it should be; and if there be a majority then for the payment of members, we shall, we suppose, hare to submit; but let it be done in a legal and constitution- al way. Let there be no attempt to force it on the tfppfer House, as Mr, Berry suggests, by JJlacirlg a sum for that ptirposij oil the estimates; nor to forijfl it oil to the country, as others have suggested, by insertiug a clause to that effect in the new Local Govern ment Bill, which would be opposed to the Governor's instructions, anti con trary to the usage of parliament; We have not the Governor's instructions to quote f f orii, but it is well enough known, that he is bound to see that no foreign matter is introduced into any bill, and the payment of members of parliament is most assuredly foreign to the purposes of local government. Having once got rid of payment of members, which we shall do at the end of this parliament, there will be some difficulty in getting it re-ett il'lished. So we believe at any rate, and let us hope that we are not far out in our reckouing. The cable was restored yesterday, and a batch of English telegrams reached us last eveaingi These announce the surrender of King Cetewayo to the British forces, aud the end of the Zulu war. It issaid,aud we believe on good authority, that Mr. Longmore has given that portion of the Kariah reserve thrown open to selection to Mrs. Chisholui, without waiting for aijy further representations 0:1 the subject. Less could not have been expected, consider ing all the bearings of the ca3e. There was some doubt at one tims whether Mr. Buchanan would accept the office or not of President of the Hampdeu Shire Council for the ensuing year, to which he was unani mously elected at the last meeting. But we are now given to understand that he has signified his acceptance of the office, and and will take the chair at the next meeting, although he did not desire it. The debate on the second reading of the Ministerial reform bill will ba resumed this evening in the Assembly, Mr. Barr, who left his speech unfinished 0:1 Thursday, t-iking the lead. There are several persons on both sides of the House yet to speak, but the debate will be closed on Thursday next, when there will be a call of the House, and no pairing off allowed. The second reading of Sir Charles Sladen's bill for altering tut constitution of the Council will not be called 011 until Tuesday next. The tariff has furthei to be considered in the Assembly. The Rev. S. Eraser, Terang, Treasurer oi the Presbytery of Mortlake. begs to acknow ledge the following donations towards the Heytesbury Forest Presbyterian Mission :— Wm. Bayles Esq., M.L.A., L 5; Join Paton, Esq., Geelong, LI. Our readers are reminded t'-cat the in augural appcaiance of the Leura Amateui Dramatic Club will take plac-e at the Me chauics' Hall, Camperdowi, on Fridaj evening next. The efforts of the Club 01 this occasion, are directed to the production of the farces " Who atole the pocket-book 1 and " The Virginia Mummy," the iuter/a beia? fiile 1 up by local musicians with a 11am ber of eh >ice selections of vocal and insiru mental music. Should the weather bs pro pitious the Cricket Club, on whose behal tie entertainment takes place, wJI doubt less net a large amocnt towards the reduc tion of their debt of L3O. The following players selected to repre sent the Carnperdowu Club, in the matel with Co'ac on Friday ne;t, are reque=te< to attend practice regularly:—Messrs, Bramley. Pike, Clarendon, Allen, Slade C. N<-V>. F. >\e\l m, J\ Keylon. l!ae W. }. DoniH, J. M'Donuld, S. M'.Miilan Stius ore, II :nry, M'Lean, Podger, Chanel :ey, J. i.ij.^,, Hand. Knie.geucy—Sansou, Cuik. -U'iviua-m, Bell. Although the second moiety of the sulmdj tj the C'.iiao Shire (Jouiuil, due on the 30th uist., was paid 0:: Wednesday last, we find o;i enquiry that that due t-> the Hauip.lti] Shire Council has not yet been paid. Mr. Berry was pleased in au early pari of tbe session to charge the Opposition witl obstructing business and playing a waiting game. Whether there were any ground: [ fjr that charge or u( ,t then, there are cei tainly none whatever now, the tables hav ing in that respect been completely turned, September is drawing to a close, ami vi business of any importance has been done, nut from the obstructiveucss of the Oppo sition, nor yet altogether from the incapacity of Ministers, bat from the thinning of the ranks of their supporters in and out of doors, and from their desire to delaj business as much as possible, so that both they and their supporters in the House may draw their salaries to the last moment. There is ju=t a possi bility of their being defeated in this, bow erer, for, as is well known, the Opposition and the Corner have only to close theii ranks, and out Ministers go. whether the) like it or not, aad the probability of theii d ring so every day increases. Mr. F. L. Smyth, member for XortL Gippsland, is a chivalrous man, or he would never have thought of resigning his seat, 01: the promise of being made Coimcy Court Judge, in the place of the late Judge Einden. Xo >ioubt he has worked hard for some ap pjintuient, and Ministers would have been ungrateful not to have given him the tirst tut offered, but if they should not be in office six mouths hence, what then ? Would their successors be under anysuch obligations t-j Mr. Smyth, as to make It uecassary for t;iemto ratify the appointment? Are there no " Black Wednesday" rictims entitled to the preference ? The greatest anxiety is beginning to be felt in this district at the way ir. which the rain hangs off. Up to this time, our rain fall for the present year only amounts to between to 13 aud 14 inches, against au average of 23 inches in other years for the whole year. While other districts are get ting a sufficient quantity for all purposes, p:eseut and prospective, we are only getting just enough for present wants, with the prospect of a dry summer, empty tauks. and half-filled vrator-holes before us. Even low, indeed, more rain is wanted, both for the late crops and the pasture lauds, not only on the plains, but in all directions. We have not troubled ourjelves much about the embassy vote scandal, but it is now coming to a head, and Mr. Berry will sioner or later have to make a clean breast of it. On being first interrogated on the subject, his answer was that the whola of the L 5.000 had been spent on the two ambassadors, and that li'thing would be lsft to revert to the treasury- Bud since Professor Pearson returnei, he has given his friends to understand that very little fell 11 his share, and th? public generally are becoming increasingly anxious to kuow w! at has become it. Under such circumstances, we d'? not think the matter should be treated as a tit one for jokes aud taunts only, but that some member of the House shou'd ta* le a motion for a specific return of the outlay. Or waiviug that for the present, Professor Pearson might be asked how mncli of the L 5.000 he actually received. He was, we know, treated more as "a servant," than as a ec-ambassador, but that does not much af fect the matter. If Mr.'Berry'took more than his share, he should bo compelled to disfioi'fic it- The Chief Secretary has, says the "Argm,'? taken over the duties of the Treasurer, which he relinquished dn leaving for Eng land, and will fol( the future act in both de partments: A requisition is, according to the Ballarat Star, being extensively signed in Stawell, requesting Mr. Murray Smith to visit that place and addres3 the residents on the pre sent political situation. We hare been requested to publish the following list in aid of the widow and chil-1 dren of the late Thomas Wilson, who are not in good circumstances. The amounts were all collected by Mr. George Buckley, of Camperdown, at the Terrinallum Station, Darlington :—J.Cummiiig, £1 ; G. Buckley, LI; T. Olliver, 10 3 ;T. Fairo, 10s ; E. Pearce, ss; E. Reid, ss; M. Scanlan, os ; T; Spalding. 2s Gd •J. Currau, 2s 6d; J. i Doherty, 2s 6cl; F. Walker, 2s Gd 5 E. Dooly, 2s 6d; E. Graham, 2s Gd ;J, Smith, 2s 6d; H. Doyle, 5s ; E. M. Forbes, 2s Gd; J. Davidson, 2s Gd : W. Taylor, 2s Gd • D. Moore, 2s 6d ; H. Bruinley, 2s Gd; J. Small, 2s Gd; J. Young, 2s Gd ; P. Swan, 2s Gd ; M. Carr, 2a Gd j Mr. Hall, 2a Gd ; Mr! Savage, 2a Gd; W. M'Kenzie, 03 : J. Hasset, 2s 6d; H. G. Xeill, l(h ; D. Ken nedy, 2s Gd ;M. Linch, 2s 6d; T. Dowlin, 2s Sd : B. M'Kenzie, 103: M. Brown, 10s ' K. Maxwell. 10a ; J: Best, 2s Gd ; p! Winter, 23 Gd ; Mr. Plasterer, 2s Gd. Total, L 9 7s Gd. The Melbourne correspondent of the "Ha milton Spectator" says :—lt. will be remem bered that a pretty little quarrel ensued, s few weeks ago, between the Chief Secretary ami Mr. Casey, over the Jatter gentleman'! arrangement which had for its object the getting the Nelson fitted up with berth: for each of the Exhibition Commissioners, so that these important personages might have proceeded to the Exhibition of the neighbouring colony, and while there have enjoyed free quarters, all at the expense oJ that patient mikh cow, the colony cf Vic toiia. Now, however, it is rumoured that Mr. Berry is not averse to an adjournment of the Assembly, for the purpose of visiting the Sj'duey show, under certain conditions : these being, that members push on certair Ministerial measures, in uldition tr> tht tariff, and the taking of the division 011 tht second reading of the Reform Hi]], not latei than about the middle of October. Further ; that in the event of members behaving wel] (from a Ministerial point of view), that the Chief Secretary might iwl be averse to visit ing our neighbour in the Xrlsoa. together with as many members of Parliament as might choose to accompany him : a sort oi trip similar, as it were ,to that given at the expense of the State some time ago, only to be extended to Sydney, instead of being con fined within the Heads. It is intended, it is said, to prosecute Lowe, one of the Lancefield bank robbers, for the outrage he cmmirtred on his Italian mate, some time before his escape at Lauet liekl, and he will be brought up at the Sand hurst Police Court for this purpose. Saturday's "Geelong Advertiser" say 3 :— The first wool for the season from tie Western District arrived at the Leish l!o.id railway station yesterday from Mr. Alexander Arm strong's station.. Warrambiue, en routt to Geeloug for shipment. Mr, Graham Mitchell, Government veteri nary Mirgeoiijiufurins the "Argus" that tlner cows have bten reported to be suffering from contagious pleura-pneumonia, near Mel bourne. Mr, Hog?, of the firm of Hogg, Selby ami Co., has brought under the notice of the Sydney Marniwj Herald au ingenious little machine for tying the enas of wire in wire fencing. The ends of the wire are introduced, and by a very simple operation, they are jnine.l in a "reef-knot." F^r Midi w. rk as station-fencing this little-machine would, be a great acquisition. The makers are Messrs Xatlefolii, of Birmingham. The rabbit exterminator sent by the Lands department to Coracle, in the hi. Aiiuud c'L-tiict, has been, found to work verysueecss fully there, and three more of these machiies have been ordered fn>m the makers, Me-;>is Humble and Nicholson, of Geelnng. The principle of destructon is Well umleistond in this district, where they are largely used on the estates of the hen \\\itl Black", and the Me33!S Finlay, J. L. Currie, and others. Mr. Itotart Giles, official assignee at Ha milton, is now in p-is-.u in Melbourne for contempt of court. Some time a^o, he sued Mr. Le=sar, of Coleraine, to recover propeity I bought by the latter from an insolvent, but it was proved that the property had not be 11 sjld within a month of th? schedule beiut; riled, so that Mr. Giles lest his action against I Mr. Lesser, and was ordered to p.iy "cost* amounting to LI 94. It was the default of paying those costs which constituted the contempt for which Mr. files was arrested. It depends upon the plea>ur? of tbe judge how long he may be det lined, for a person in this predicament his no definite sentence pronounced against him, and must remain 111 custody until it is considered that he is purgtd of his uoutem.pt. j The '• Creswick Advertiser " states that | the Chief Secretary has accepted an invit 1- I j tion from the local branch of the Reform League, and will address a m^etius; i? the Cre^wick Town-Hall on the 3rd proximo. Messrs Lougmore and W. C. Smith will also bs present. An Argus telegram from Wel'ington, Xew i Zealand, on Thursday states • —i'he latest ! from the Thames reports that the two ' Maories whom the chiefs promised to sur render, now declare that they will neither give themselves up, nor submit t> be give a up. They say, kc the Government "take them if they can. A surveyor on tho L-wur Waikato has been warned by the native-, by the Maori King's oder, to survey lie more roids. On the 23th August, while the steamer Durham was at sea, one of the third-class I passengers, named J. Cosgrove, deliberately j walked to the forward jure of the vessel, au'd | threw himself overboard. The steamer was immediately stopped, and every assignee rendered to rescue the foolish man, Lut it was of no avail, and by the time the boats got to him, life was found to he extinct He was taken on board, and shoitly afterwards buried at sea in the usual mauiier. 