FOB private reasons, into which we have no right to probe, Mr J. T. T. SMITH declined to come forward for WeBt Bonrke, although he received a very strong requisition from tbe district to stand for tbe seat which has become vacant through the death of his late father. This decision placed the Liberal party in no little difficulty, partly because there is no local man on that side of politics who desires to enter Parliament, and partly becanse it was not easy tofind a resident of Melbourne who was sufficiently well known in the district to beat all competitors in a contested election. The difficulty, however, which Mr J. T. T SiHTH's decision created has now been en tirely removed, and a candidate has entered the arena on the popular Bide whom the Liberal party will feel much pleasure in supporting. The candidate referred to is Mr A. DEAEDT, a barrister of Melbourne, and a gentleman who is said to be a valued contributor to the popular journal of that city. On Saturday evening, Mr DEAKIN opened the contest, so far as he is concerned, at Flemington; and certainly, from the tone of bis remarks, he deserves all the steem and confidence which Is reposed in im by the Liberal party of Melbourne. e expressed himself as being strongly in avor of the Ministerial policy as regards onstitutional reform; he gave, in facta and igores, the most undoubted proof of his strong belief in protection; be convinced every person present that he is a staunch supporter of the Education Act; and he defended the land-tax with no email force and judgment. In fine, he adopted the Liberal programme in its entirety, and gave the moBt unbounded proof of his sincerity in the cause by the enthusiasm with which he handled every one of his subjects. Nor is this all that occurred at Flamington to commend him to the favorable -opinion of the electors. Mr DEAKIN showed great oratorical ability daring the somewhat lengthy time he addressed the meeting. His utterance was clear and impressive; his language was copious and accntate; his logical faculty was seen to be broad, comprehensive and inexhaustible, and his sentences were short, shsirp, and decisive. Altogether we are d.to think .that the Liberal party may well congratulate itself upon having such"B powerful ally as Mr DEAKIN shows himself to be, and one who, if he should be returned, will certainly do honor, in Parliament, both to the caose .and "the diBtrict. Sdch jnen «s Jttr DEAKUJ bodonbtedly add credit ana force to the policy with which (hey are associated; and th National Reform League of Melbourne, therefore deserves ~ to be spoken of in the highest terms for the selection it has made in tbe pe»on ~of Mr DEAKIN to stand for West Bonrke at this jnnctnre. Now, with such a candidate as this to fight for, there should be JUT doubt as to tbe tee alt of the West Bonrke contest. The Liberal party should close rip its ranks, and fight for the popular candidate in a manner that would render anything like defeat impossible, and that would make -his return at the head of the poll as certain as destiny itself, or as immntab1e,'«o to speak, as an exact science. - There can be no doobt of Mr DEAKXN'B .sympathy- with its' opinions. Nor can there be any .doubt of either fhis objects or convictions. Nor tan th£re' be any.question «f Ms ability to represent the' electors. JU1 this being so clearly the case then we hope the Liberal electars of West Bonrke will come forward manfblly on Mr DEAJ£IN'6 Ibehalf, and leave no honest stonB unturned to secure his electipo.' The Liberal party .may be fitly rBtmndwl again that: this is iMtaffiwy '.<»Bfat~u~wouft tbey!are called npbn'to ttfee an'aetiTefarl. Indeed veiy great issues depend upon its result. If Mr DEAKIN should be defeated, if the Conservative party should win thiB election, it will be a great blow to the Liberal ejectors all over tbe colony, and one that will be fraught with very great damage to the interests of that party.". It will give point to the statements, which have teen so freely made of late, that a reaction in favor of the Conservatives has taken place, and that it only requires a general election to-come off to put the Liberal party in Parliament completely in the background. It will throw cold -water on Mr BECKY'S miBBlon to England, and, indeed, go a long way to defeat the object for which the Premier has gone to London. It may even postpone indefinitely th'e accomplishment of constitutional reform ; and it will certainly throw the Liberal party in the Assembly into no little confusion. In fact, the result of thiB contest can hardly be over-estimated; for hitherto West Bonrke has been a thoroughly Liberal district. A defeat in tbat quarter to the Liberal party would therefore go a long way to show that a change in public feeling had taken place in other districts as well as in West Bonrke, and hence a result of this kind can only be regarded with the gravest apprehension. We trust, however, nothing of the sort will occur. On the contrary, we hope Mr DEAKIN' will be returned at the bead of the poll by an overwhelming majority, as. the phrase goes, and certainly nothing less than this treatment is due to him from the electors. Mr DEAKIN is a man who wouid do honor to any district. He is- an educated man; he is a man of broad views; and his Liberal instincts reach to the very point of exhaustion. Such a candidate as this deserves to be supported by the Liberal electors of WeBt Bonrke with all the votes they can command, and with all tbe energy they can employ for the purpose. As an act of jostice, and to expose a news paper fraud, we must return to the subject which we discussed in our leading columns yesterday morning 1 . When writing the article, with reference to the charge made against Major SMITH, of allowing politics to unduly influence him in making appointments to the State Bchools, weiad nat eeen the Clwcli of England Messenger. We had only seen our lower-down contemporary, and judged tbe character of the whole article, which had appeared in the ifessenger. from the extracts which were published in the former paper. Since then, however, the whole of the article in the Church of England Messenger has come nnder our notice, and put a very different complexion on the case we dealt with. The article in the Messenger certainly goes to show that at one time the writer was of opinion that Major SMITH was guilty of some very crooked doings with regard to the appointments made in his department, and that it wonld be a great blessing to qualified teachers if he were ejected from office. But subsequently to the article being put in type the writer discovered that he had overdrawn the picture. He found he had fallen into mistake. Accordingly, he did the next best thing to withdrawing the article—which he onght to have done. He added the following foot-note to his remarks, and thus took all the sting ont of-the preceding sentences. "Since the foregoing was in type," observes the writer, " more than one case has come to our knowledge confirmatory of the opinion we have expressed as to the desire and determination of Major SMITH, to do justice to the teachers when the facts are plainly represented to him. We recommend all certificated teachers, who are in danger of being passed over in favor of those who hold licenses only, to apply in person to Major SMITH. They will find, or we ar much mistaken, that in Tesponge to accurate representation, he will see that justice is done." Now this foot-note practically abrogates- all the preceding article, because it frankly, and in the best taste, admits that Major SMITH has done, and will do, justice to certificated teachers, and because there is no. other person than Major SMITH who has anything to do with appointments or promotions in the Education Department. He is the head and iront of what is done in the department in these respects; and therefore if any screw is loose in these particulars, it is on Major SMITH tbat the blame must fall. When, therefore, a writer puts a foot-note like the above to snch an article as the Church of England Messenger contains, it is a complete withdrawal of the charges made against the Minister, and as a consequence a clean bill of health given to tbe department. It at tbe ontset confesses that an error has been fallen into by the critic; and a veiy proper reparation then follows for the wrong unwittingly committed. So far, then, as the Church of England Messenger is concerned, we have no quarrel with it. It has confessed its error io the frankest manner possible; and having done justice to Major -SUITE after this satisfactory style, we have no further fault to find with that paper. But not so with onr lower-down contemporary. Against that jonrnal the damaging accnsation must be made that it wilfnlly suppressed the most important part of tbe article which appeared in tbe Church of England Messenger, for no other purpose than to add point to its article and damage a political-opponent. Our contemporary had seen .the whole of the article which appeared in the Church of England Messenger, since from no other source could it have obtained the extracts which led us astray. Was it manly, then, for it to make no reference to the postscript ? Was it fair play to put in the bane and .omit the -antidote, and thns lead its readers to believe that Major SMITH was guilty of what was alleged in the first part of the article, although the writer had practically withdrawn all his charges^ the conclaslon?.. There can te but one reply to tbis queetion, anSithit reply, is, that a more mean and dastardly act could hardly be perpetrated by "a public journal. The CbtrA of Riglani Messenger righted Major SMITH; Whilst e onr jower-down Contemporary' "persisted in doing him wrong, although the Messenger had frankly confessed its mistake, and nobly atoned for its error. Such conduct as this jwaa manly on the parttrf-onr 1owerjwraialism with a vengeance- The whole proceeding, however, is ~on a pat; with the attacks which are continually being made by the Opposition journSls on-the Ministry. They are all alike in tins respect. They all misrepresent at the starts and they all conclude in the same chivalrous manner: at the finish. The best of it, however, is, that the Ministry Is not hurt a bit "by these tactics, and that all the, loss, falls ,on. the shoulders of their opponents. So it will be with the charges just made against Major SMITH, whose conduct as a Minister of the 43rown has always been irreproachable, and whose acts, sincehe has beeniritheEducation Department, will bear tl^. closest,investigation. For there is not an W>m of truth in the statement that anlesS'a' teacher is Minmotion, any more than there-is a .particle of fact to the. MBBrtion'Hli^wfthtei;; political influence iio cat&dateVfor;' o teacKersfiip" J can obtain employment. All these statements are falsehoods of the worst type, besideebeing libels of tbe meanest possibledescription. /Major SMITH is above any such petty ideas as these charges imply. He employs and promotes the best teachers be can find, .no matter what the politics of themBelves or their friends may be. This we know to be a fact, in connection with Major SMITH ; apd it is a complete answer to all his assailants. bestow. The lectures which he delivered to little wople on the chemisuy of a candle were so simple n treatment, so clear in explanation, and so instructive in experiment, as to bring home to the apprehension of the youngest of his listeners the full force of his instructions. Io order to render his manner attractive, he took a long conns of lessons in elocntion from one of the most distinguished masters of the day. He knew that, without labor, excellence waa denied to man. His great motto-was—" What is worth doing at all, ia worth doing well." Hence his great success, and the value of bis examples. The lecture was supplemented by the usual elocutionary practice. It seems the St Arnaud Times gave anything but an accurate report of the loss and recovery of iMra fieldwin'a puzve,'«a contained in an extract which we made the other -day from that journal. The correct particulars are —Firstly, that the pniae contained IFBS than £100; secondly, that Mrs Baldwin bad placed the purse inside her pillow-case, where it waa when found by the girl; so it cannot properly he said to have been lost. Ia the burty of leaving by an early train tbe purae was forgotten, but was mused within ten minutes afterfeaviag St. Arnsnd, and-telegraphed for in- •tantly to the proprietor—very likely before the girl went to the mom at all. The aorant in cbarge.of the polioe wa* also telegraphed lo, and ne ;w«s tha flr»t peraon to notify (by telegraph) that the -purse bid ;been' founl" tfhiril£ Mr» Baldwin did notr&ceive; thepnrBesntQ mraiiday last, the having left on the day previous ;.mnd on Saturday amore substantial reward than 2s 6d waa «eot to Mr -Cux/rproprietar of the hotel,'the EiriVnarae being unknown. Un Baldwin as yet Saa not" received any acknowledgment if its reffiint, and therefore does not know whether the girl has got it or not Sncb are the trne particulars of the case, as vouched to us by Mr Kennedy, Mr Baldwin's agentT ~ On Sunday evening the Rev. W. A- Ookk Jireaded lhe Yuneral sermon of the late Mn Bath, wife of the Rev. H. Bath.™ the WesleyanChurS Lydiard street. The fallowing waa the text :— " He that believeth jn Me shall have everlasting •life, ana I shall raise him up at the last dsy." "The rev. preacher teviewed the life of the deceased lady,- who has been in tbe colony forabont twenty- . six years, the last of which was spent in Ballarat. Previous to that Sandhurst Was her home. The termon and leview were botlTdelivered in a tonchingasd impressive manner, -and' vera listened io wifh the deepest attention onthepartof the congregation. - Mr Jones, j.P, presided at the City Police Court yesterday, ana fined two men named Brown-' and Malpass 10s each for fighting in the streets. High holiday, waa observed at tilendarnel last < Friday, on the occasion of Jheptanc-girctt tothe local State-Bchool children by their teachers ilr aria Mrs Walsh. Tlie spene of the festirjliej was a grassy dope of Mount • Beetworth, in a paddock kindly ^granted - for - the occasion by Mr : John CJeaver. There the childreh,"jmmbi>ring between a|renty-and eighty, their patents;, friends, aad a fair sprinkling of visitors, apenta most enjoyable day. {AfterlataftSbh,a^rt^rammVarating was gone Jhron^h; while •those aonndined fa-- dulgej in oancing^awinging,. &e..; Toynrds Jhe The wealber wfts again diB&greeafaly; hot yesterday, after a couple of days' temporary relief, and a Seated vrind blew- all day from the north. The highest range of the thermometer in the shade was 101 degrees about noon. Bosh-fires cootinaed to burn in the neighborhood of B≪&n;, Rokevood, and the Bullarook State forest, but we have not heard of any further damage to hoaeeB and crops than that already reported. At about eight o'clock ia the evening, however. darJr banks of clouds gathered to the south, and, workiDg round to tbe west, passed over the district' a couple of hours later. A good rainfall then set in, which continued till past midnight, accompanied with thunder and lightning. Rain also fell at Ararat yesterday afternoon. It is worthy of remark that prayers for rain were offered in all the CburcbeB of England in the BaUarat diocese last Sunday. Tbe reflection of a large fire, which was surmised to be either a large building or a stack of hay in flames, was observed in the direction of Smythesdale last evening at nine o'clock, but no particulars were to hand up to the time of going to press. The fearful heat of the last few weeks has prejudicially affected the attendances of the State schools, which have very considerably fallen off. In some schools an affection of the eyes something approaching sandy blight has appeared amongst the children, and it haB had the effect of considerably lessening the average Attendances. This disease, though not dangerous, is very painful, and for a little time causes an almost total loss sight. Last - night's Herald says that a telegram vis received in Melbourne yesterday, stating that tbe greater portion of the town of Chiltern had been destroyed yeBterday by fire. The drapery store of Mr Fanhnann, in the west of Start street, hod a narrow escape from destruction by fire on Saturday night. By some means a quantity of light materials exhibited in the win- dow took fire, and for a moment it appeared as if there would be a serious conflagration, but some bystanders rushed into the shop, find by well" directed efforts epaedilj pat oat the flames. A Chinaman, named Ah King, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday suffering from a slight wound in his head, which he received some days since when caught in the feet of purloining some zinc from tbe yard of Mr A. Cant, Ana strong street.' It is ssld that someone saw Ah King in tbe 8Ct of taking the zinc, and laid hold of bhn. Ah King then drew his knife, and a groom standing by strsck him over the bead with a pitchfork he had In his hand, causing the injury mentioned. A meeting of brewers and wine and spirit merchants was held at Craig's hotel on Monday, to take into consideration the desirability o! holding an annual picnic in connection with the trades. Mr Lovitt presided, and Mr Harkness was appointed secretary. TTie following firms were represented, and agreed to give their employes a holiday OB the occasion of the picnic:—Messrs Magili and Coghlan, Leggo and Son, Gilbert and Allerdingy Tulloch and M'Laren, G. T. Lee, E. Rowlands and Co., and B. O'CaUaghan. On tbe motion of Mr Ditty, it was resolved that tbe picnic should take place on 27th March, and tbat it be under tbe special patronage of tbe brewers, wine and spirit merchants, and cordial manufacturers of Ballarat, and that any other persons wishing to join be invited to do so. It was resolved, on the proposition of Mr Woodhead, that the following gentlemen form a committee to report te an adjourned meeting of tbe promoters, to take place on the 24th instant. Messrs O'Callaghan, Baylee, F Drew, J. P. Marshall, Lewis, Lovitt, Jenkins, Woodbead, Harkness, Maher, NicboIL The meeting separated, with this generally-expressed opinion that the picnic would prove a great success. Considerable 'loss of time was caused at the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum Committee last pight, by tbe unnecessary objections raised by some committeemen to the reports of some ol the visiting committees. A report of the proceedings appears elsewhere. We understand that the profits arising ont of the late Catholic demonstration at Bungarec, in aid of the day-schools in tbe district under the control of that denomination, will amount to nearly £100. The committee who have undertaken the work of collecting fnnds for completing the Baptist Churcb, Dawson street, have every prospect of e seeing their labors brought to* speedy termination. They have received in cash and good promises about £350. Messrs James and Creber have been appointed architects, and have called for tenders, which must be returned.bp the4th of next month. Mr P. Manifold and the Hon. J. Camming each sent a donation^ £5 Ss last week. About £150 mora will be required. Considering that the scheme was only commenced last August, the committee are to be complimented on their success. Every resident of Ballarat will be glad to. see the present nnsightly-looldng building edifice of which they will have reason to be proud. We shall be glad to learn that the money required lias been fully subscribed We are informed tbat the debt upon the building has been reduced from £1000 to £700 daring the past two years, and tbat arrangements are made by which its steady reduction is insured. At the close of last year there was a balance in hand every department of church and school finance. We have received some more letters with reference to the South Ward band; but, as we stated yesterday, correspondence on that subject is now closed. The letters, therefore, which we received yesKrday cannot be published in The Courier. Michael Faraday, and the lessons of his life,' formed the subject of the lecture which Mr T. P. Hill , delivered at the Central School yesterday afternoon. A nobler example of what could be done by self-culture and perseverance was not to be found in biography. All the knowledge that Faiaday got at school waa aamattering of loading, writing, and arithmetic; and with these tools he worked himself up, from an apprentice boy ia a bookseller's shop, to the prandest position it was m the power of the Boyal Society of England to close of the day three cheers were called for Mr John Cleaver, for his kindness in allow, ing bis paddock to be used for the picnic, and for hiB energy in promoting tbe en joyment of everyone present. In replying, Mr Cleaver remarked tbat the day'* outing was tbe firBt of the kind, as the pnedecessnrof Mr Walsh had never thought of treating the children—therefore the latter gentleman deserved the thanks of parents and children; further, he hoped the picnic would be an annual affair, aud he wonld always be delighted to grant his property, and assist him- Eelf in every possible way. He concluded by calling for three cheers for the teachers, which were heartily accorded. Messrs Cleaver, Shaw, Terrill, Branoigan, Laughlin, M'Kay, Young, and M'Lellan were untiring in tbeir efforts to ensure the enjoyment of children and friends. In tbe evening tbe adult section assembled in s large room, also provided by Mr Cleaver, and indulged in dancing and music till six a.m. on Saturday. Before separating, cheers were again called for Messrs Walsh and Cleaver. Mr J. Dunn provided tbe music. The Uev. W. Clark will give his popular lecture entertainment, " Three Months at Sea," in the Homffray Street Primitive Methodist Church this evening, at eight o'clock. Tbe evening will be partly occupied by tbe churcb choir, who will render musical illustrations specially selected for the occasion, the solos being taken by MIBB Fincb. Tickets, at the uniform price of Is, can be obtained this morning at Mr Sammeracales'establisbmenta. As the supply .is limited, an early application should be made. The following is tbe notice.paper for the monthly meeting of the Hospital committee on Wednesday evening:—To receive report of house committee ; to pay tbe monthly accounts; to appoint two members of house commitce in place of Messrs C. Salter and G. Smith, who retire* by rotatieo, but are eligible for re-election. Notice of motion.— Mr Permewan to move—That the question of money allowance to secretary and collector, for travelling expenses, i»e .considered by the general committee. The Primitive Methodist churches of the colony report considerable progress during tbe past year. The district meeting was held last week in Melbourne, when the Rev. W. Hunt, Messrs W. Taylor end J. Summerscales attended to represent the Ballarat circuit. The following are among the appointments of the ministers, to take effect next April:—BaUarat, J. Standrin and J. T. Fearcy; Ge leng, W. Hunt; Beaufort, W. Snook: Stawelt, J. Smith; Campbelifield, J.G.Wright; Inverleigh, F. Robinson. The Bev. W. Hunt ap- plied for permission to visit England next year, which W&B; agreed to. Two cases were set down for bearing at tbe Iiearmonth Police Court on Monday, both of which were settled out of court The magistrates it attendance were Messrs F. Edwards and T. Bath. We have received from Messrs Eyres Brothers, of Sturt street, a copy of the London Art-union diary for 1879. It is very neatly got up, and does credit alike to the printer and tbe union. Mr J. P. Roberts, one of the candidates for .. seat at the Mining Board, will address the miners of the Smythesdale division this evening, at the Greyhound hotel, Carngham, at eight o'clock. A meeting of the representatives of the brewen, travellers, and publicans will be held at tbe Camp hotel, Sturt street, next Friday evening, at eight o'clock, to make arrangements for the annual cricket match. In another column will be fonnd particulars of a coocert and presentation of prizes at tbe Black Hill State school Bo. 2013. A saleof Crown lands will take place to-day at tbe City auction-rooms, by Mr C. C. Sboppee. Mr Tickner's assembly ball will be held in the Alfred Hall this evening. In connection with the Ballarat Mining Board election, Mr W. Graham bas withdrawn from the contest for the Bnninyong division of the Ballarat Mining District, so tbat Mr Magor will have walkover for that division. _ We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement which appears elsewhere, announcing that tbe funeral of the late Mr Henry Thiemeyer will take place on Wednesday afternoon, at two o'clock. Thursday, the 20th instant, at four o'clock, ia tbe latest date that nominations will be received for tbe vacant seat in the board of advice for the City of Ballarat, caused by the resignation of Mr Ross. Mr J. W. Gray is the returning officer. The Age says that Mr Mark Most' boose in Clarendon Btreet, Fitztoy, has been transformed into a fairy palace by the skill and ingenuity of the decorators entrusted with its ornamentation. Tbe work bas been done by Messrs Whitelaw and Blair, formerly of Ballarat The Sydney 4,'cefliny Afcics writes: — The Keliys have murdered three or four policemen by open violence, and if tbey continue at liberty much longer, they will be responsible for the death of a number of harmless people by tbe fatal influence of fear. We would not insinuate that any of the Victorian policemen will give up the ghost through this cause, but it is quite possible that some of the bank managers wilL A caae occurred recently at one of tbe country branches of tbe Bank of .Victoria, which illustrates the extreme danger of the present condition of affairs. A middle-aged gentleman, of timid disposition, had been sent up from Melbourne to take change of the brapcb, and be was full resolved to defend bis charge with every drop of blood in bis body. He was a prudent man, had known something of mQitaty tacties as a volunteer, and therefore be made bis dispositions cautiously. Firmly convinced that the Kellys would come, he sat in the bank with two revidvera in his belt, and one full cocked in his hand. His assistant was also armed with revolvers, and a policeman patrolled the place continually. Aa an additional measure of precaution, a piece of twine was passed round tbe arms of the manager and the clerk, tbat they might communicate instantaneously and silently. The Saturday after the bank waa closed a load rap was heard at the door. The twine was twitched, and the manager made sure the hour was come. He made the policeman cover tbe door with his rifle. The cletk stood on the counter with two revolver* pointed to the door, and the manager, with revolver in one band, opened tbe door an inch and a half with the other. " Who's there?' he asked, in a loud voice, but not without a quiver of emotion. Instead of the reply of Ned Kelly and four comrades, a shrill squeaky voice replied, " Missus says aavs the dinner ia IN ready." TPASV *' Such shocks - would aoon undermine even a strong constitution, and we learn with satisfaction that the worthy manager has been removed to the safer precincts of the bank in Melbourne. The following notice (aaya the Ajje) was read io the Collins Street Independent Church on Sunday: —" The deacons desire to intimate to the congre^ gation, in reference to tbe paragraphs in the daily papers, that Mr Jones bas not resigned, and does not intend doing so, but bas intimated that ou account of bis failing health he desires the church to commence a correspondence for tbe purpose of obtaining a successor; and it Ia his intention, health permitting, to remain in onr midst until such successor arrives." The following account of a genuine rascal is trfren from the Argus •—" Mention was made about a fortnight ago of a grocer's assistant having absconded from Carlton after embezzling a considerable sum of money bom his employer. It waa deemed inadvisable then to publish the names of the persons concerned, but as the fugitive has amce. been arrested, these and other particulars may now be given. The accused ia a sanctimonious udindual, giving the name of Edward Hanley Pass, but it has been ascertained that Ida teal name ia Edward Hanley. It appears that he came ont from England recently, and obtained employmn&fHMn; Mr Adamaon, grocer, Bronswitdc street, Fitzroy. Passing himself off as an 'unco gnid' young man, he managed to ingratiate himfat into the confidence and esteem of his emjptoyer. Ho became a member of a Wesleyan -phorcb to- which Mr Adamson belongs, took .charge of a. class in the Sunday achool, and appeared So bave unbounded zeal for the cauae of rdigion, and Mr Adamson entrusted him with the vnujgement of a branch establishment ol his banness in Qaeensberry etreet, Coilton. Outward appeMwrces are, however, sometimes -deceptive . and Hanley's.admirera were much shocked when; it transpired one day that he had disappeared, and that there was a deficiency of nearly £200 in bis accountB. He departed vitbontbidding Us friends 'good-bye, but he.left a note for hie master •tating that he would still continue his subscript bona toi the church, and expressing a hope that he fUr Adamson) and the members of the church wonld remember bim in tbeir prayers. The case waa placed ia the hands of Detectives Elelsten and Kennedy, who, in theconrseof their enquiries ; ascertained that the fellow had been making himaelr conspicuous again in a church at Albury A WMrant for his arrest was firwarde* thither, and a telegram received on Saturday intimating i that his arrest had been effected." s J A. very Bad accident (says the Smdhurst cor. respondent of tbe -^c) occurred at the Emu Creek, about eipht miles froin Sandhurst, on Friday evening. Two tons of Mr J.T. Deravin. agriculturist end vigneron of that neighborhoe? went out for a stroll, taking with them a loaded fowUng-piece, m case they might come across« youug' men-Aflolplie, aged twenty, and Theodore, aged seventeen—were returning, after having paid a visit to their grandmother, who resides about half a mile from their lather a homestead, and were on the look-out for game; when a third brother, Hngli, aged fifteen, went -*yrto meet Jhem, and tbe weather being excesfivrJy hot, lay down in a crop of Inceme to wait for ht» brother. Hugh, hearing them approach, ramed h,8 headjwhen Tb;ntore,Vbo carried ilie toirlinfe-pireD; mismttfronafouuinaii y.jaOi fa-'^ hare, aud fired at him at some thirty paces din tance. The charge penetrated Hugh's luogg ana he has been in ^criti£al state since; in fact it w» -rumored during Saturday tbat he had succumbed This report, however, turns out to be untrue, »• the pleasant change which has occurred in the weather had a beneficial effect upon him and hopes are now entertained that tbe unhappy accident will not have a fatal result. The following telegram, referring to the terrible disaster at Colac, appeared in yesterday's Tele, graph:—" Colac, Saturday. From enquiries made on the spot to-day, I learn that tbe fire broke out on Mr Standley'a own property, and was probablv caused by his own inexperience. He bas for some time recently been burning timber and scrub on his place, and has been repeatedly warned by his neighbors—Messrs King, lucas, Wray, and others —that he would inevitably bring fire down upon them. -He would .not take warning, and a short time since Mr King, who owns the adjoining selection, actually took the precaution to bnrn i Btrip around bis boundary fence, to wbicb the escape of the property is attributed. The place where the fire originated can be plainly traced in Mr Standley'a paddock. He was not at all acquainted with bash life, nor dft the Turnballs appear to have understood it either. The neighbors say that all their lives could have been saved bad fires been lighted near the house, and beaten back towards the advancing flames, a precaution which would have been taken by people of ordinary experience in bush life." 