general news. i Messrs: J. Stilling & Co, have received a cablegram announcing the arrival of the Har binger in England. 1 The W^llaroo letter-bag and the Port Lincoln .'mail lost during; the journey, of the mail wach from Adelaide to Port Wakefield on Ftiday^ast have been found on the road near Dublin and forwarded to their destinations. I About thirty of the members of the Port' .Adelaide Bifle Company, in full uniform, as sembled for drill on the beach near the Sema phore on Saturday afternoon, August 9, under Milje charge of Capt. Lovely. The men'were drilled in marching, countermarching, wheeling, skirmishing, and oharging .over the sandhills, and. exercised in judging distances, and in both independent" and volley firing, the object ;of their attentions being a floating target, which was moored between 700 ■ and-. j800: yards distant,' seaward ■ Up to. the . present time- , the Company has been drilled under cover in the evening, and the area over which they could be manoeuvred was con sequently very limited.; This was their first /• outing,-" and they acquitted themselves well. It. was" a-happy thought of Capt, .Lovely to pre . jD^rd a programme of this kind* as it will add mnch.to the efficiency ;;of the.Ccmpany, and wjll contribute towards making it what officers "and men desire it tobe—a credit both to the ^ Association and the colony. The English mail 'i going out on Satorday prevented many members ifrbm attending. This is, we believe^the first Cdmpanyunder the National Rifle Association th'at has had practice of this description. The following 13 Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin" Telegraph Line:—Beltana, calm, cloady, line, pleasant; FariDa, calm, cloudy, fino; Straug ways' Springs, S.E., fresh, cloudy, fine, cold; Peahe, S.E,, light, clear, fine, pleasant; Oaar lotte Waters, S.E. light; clear, fine, pleasant; Alice Springs, calm, cloudy, dull, gloomy ; Bar row Creek, S.E., light, clear, fine, pleasant; Tennant Greek, calm, clear, fine;.warm; Powell* Creek, S.E., light, clear, fine " warm; Daly Waters, calm, clear, fine, warm';; - Kafcherind, calm, clear, fine, cool; Pine Creek;*calm, oldaf, .fine,.warm; Yam Creek, calm,clear, fine, warm Southport, S,E., light, clear, .fine, hot ; Port Darwin, calm, clear, fine, pleasant. The rainfall between 9 a. m. on Saturday and the same hour on Monday is,registered as I follows:— Adelaide ..; 0*040 Melrose ... 0*030 Laura ... ... 0*130 Jamestown ... 0*110 Georgetown ... 0 200 Kooringa ... 0 050 j Hoyleton ... 0*120 "Kadica . ... 0*050 PortYictoria... 0*010 Wentworth ... i 0*130 Blancfcetown... 0 0(30 Kapunda ... 0050 Gawler 0*110 Mount Pleasant 0 220 \- Mount Torcens. 0130 •Mount Barker 0*130 WiUunga ... 0030 Fowler's Bay... 0*020 Port Lincoln ... 0 3S5 Kingscote ... 0445 Port Elliot ... 0 233 Kingston ... 0*230 Narracoorte ... 0*120 •Millicent ... 0 300 Blinman -... 0*020 Wilmington ..i 0 030 Port Pirie .... 0.030 Gladstone ... 0 080 BedhUl ... ... 0*030 Clare .... ■: ... 0 070 •Wallaroo i.. 0*030 Moonta-: ; ... 0 040 Yorketown ... 0*030 Overland Corner 0 030 Riverton ... 0 1*20 Tanunda ... 0030 Mannum ... 0160 Gumeracha ... 0100 Noarlunga ... 0 025 Strathalbyn ... 008r> Normanville ... 0*305 Streaky Bay ... 0 070 Cape Borda ... 0*530 Cape Jervis ... 0*220 Goolwa 0150 Robe ... 0*560 Penola 0*200 MonntJGambier 0*430 The men belonging to the Port Bifle Corps had some novel practice on Saturday, August 9, under the command of Captain Lovely. They were marched from the Bail way Station to Point Malcom, off which a floating target had been moored about 750 or 800 yards to seaward. This was supposed to represent the coming boat of an enemy, so the gallant defen ders of hearths* and homes opened up a well directed fire which appeared to drop in what wbuld be unpleasant proximity to the coming foe. After the mimic warfare it was found on inspection several bullets had riddled, the can vas. A. repetition of similar practice would have a good effect upon the corps. By a telegram received from London we learn that a fearful fire has occurred in Bosnia, by which the town of Serajevo has suf fered severely, no less than; 1,000' buildings: having been destroyed, and 10,000 people de prived of shelter. Serajevo before the; fire con tained about 15,000 houses, and as these were mostly built of wood it is not at all surprising that so many of them have been burnt. The town is described as posesSing a gay oriental appea: ance from the number of steeples and minarets with which it is embellished, aud as containing at least 1O0 mosques, besides schools, bazaars, market-places, and a number of chari table institutions., , : - j Although Corporal Field has made every L effort' to- .discover the perpetrators of thedis graceful attempt, to throw a special train off the : rails on the Mount Gamhier andBivoli Bay line on July28' hebaa thus far been unsuccessful.^ The offence is; one that is always difficult to sheet borne to the perpetrator, but it; is * hoped (says the Border Watch) that in this case the . £100 reward and the efforts of the police will shortly lead to some good clue. *•'On Tuesday last," writes the Burr a Record of August 8, "an accident happened at Bedruth to Mr. Jos. Williams, who was working in the' quarry raising metal. Suddenly a ■ quantity of earth gave way and came down, nearly burying Williams, who was, however, speedily extricated, and taken home. The in-' juries were found to be a broken leg and several broken ribs. When last we heard he was in a very precarious state." A mishap- which will cause a consider ' able amount of inconvenience occurred: on Friday evening, August 8, during the", journey of the coach from Adelaide to Fort Wakefield, as on its arrival the Wallaroo letter bag and the Port Lincoln mail were missing. The. Wallaroo Times, states that " No idea respecting the how, when, and where of their disappearance ap peared to be entertained by the driver, and. their recovery may be considered as somewhat doubtful." Mr. Samuel Berry, the well-known com mission agent, met with a dangerous accident a few days ago. He was engaged in pruning a vine in his garden at Kensington,, when the . knife slipped and cut his wrist, partially severing one of the arteries. The sleeve of the coat turned the blade somewhat, or the wound would have been still mora serious. As it was Mr. Berry loBt a great quantity of blood, and the consequences would have been fatal had' not * surgical assistance been quickly obtained. - We are glad to state/that he is now recovering rapidly, and will' soon" return to his business engagements. . ; . : ' ; ; ■ On the 7th of August, as Mr. "Henry Eckermann, a farmer, living a mile and a half from. Waterloo, was 'going through his bush" paddock with .a workman he fonnd a horse har nessed to a trap without-the driver. Becog nising'the vehicle as belonging, to John Dreyer, . a hawker from Tanunda, who had stopped at his house on the previous night, he took charge of horse and trap and set. out in search of the missing driver. The unfortunate man was found lying on the ground, face downwards. Life was extinct, but there was no sigu of any accident,. Mr. Eckermann went at once for Dr. Bichter, and telegraphed to the police *at Miutaro. [An inquest was held on the follow ing day, when apost-mortem examinationproved that death had resulted from the bursting of a blood-vessel. Deceased was fifty-nine yeare of age, and very Bteady. . He was formerly for" a number of years a storekeeper at New Meoklen burg. He has left a wife and seven children. We have heen shown a very handsome piece of illumination in the form of a presen tation address to Mr. and Mrs. Gustav Kinder mann on the occasion of their silver wedding. The design is that of an ecclesiastical structure of the Corinthian order of architecture, and is the result of the combination of over twelve thousand different pieces of type. On either side of what may be described as the basement are two massive-looking pillars, snrmonnted. by two of more limited dimensions. At the top of the design is the portrait of Mr. William Kinck, formerly a compositor, bat now manager of the German Club, whose work it is. In the body of : the design are the Thames of the recipients, and nnderneath a number of congratulatory verses in German. Between the lower pillar : onj one side is the name, of Mr. Kiaderrnann's birthplace and the date of his marriage, and between those on the other is the name-o - Mrs. Kindermann's native place and the date o\ the silver wedding. The-combination of the "various patterns of type and different colored inks has - an admirable effect, and speaks well for Mr. Kinck's taste and perseverance. . Another people's concert will he given in the Gouger-street Academy this eveiiing. ! At the Amateur;, Musical. .TJniO h's next concert "Evangelinb"'is to'jbe"produced. A band reheareal was held on Saturday afternoon, when there was a good. attendance, and every fcliing went smoothly. • The Lynch Family , of Bellringers. are. drawing. large houses in .the North. At- Port Augusta, on Thursday last, the'Institute was sol crowded that numbers had to be refused admittance. ■The running for the Springton Coursing Club's All-Aged Stakes was brought to a con elusion on Saturday, August s,when in the de ciding course Mr. Porter's bdl. & w. b, Pleasant, by Snap—Fly beat Mr. Blinman's f,b. Beauty, by Breadalbane—Nora. iWe. have received the first number of the new Catholic paper; the Record, which is neatly got np ana contains a selection , of geheru reading matter in addition to special articles addressed to that portion of the reli gious community whose interests it represents. jln connection with the musical entertain ment to be given in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening;, in .aid; of /the Organ Fund; of St." Michael's Church, Mitcham, a .rehearsal was | held on Saturday afternoon. . There was a good .attendance, and " Robinson Crusoe," the cantata tojba produced, was jwellrehearsed. !' A; public meeting is to be held at the Institute, Glenelg, this evening; to consider -whether it would be to the advantage of the : public that the Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway Company should obtain power from Parliament to ubb the Nairne line from Good wood to the Adelaide Station. ITheie was a good attendance at "White's, Booms on Saturday night, when Mr. CArcy Read repeated his ghost entertainment. The •matinee was very largely attended, and at its clqse each juvenile received a present. At 'the cl<ise of tlie evening performance some valuable articles were distributed.- 'It is announced''that the present will be the last'week of the exhibi tion, and that there will be a/change of songs* &c.;, by -which the attractiveness of the enter tainment will be increased. 