TURF GOSSIP. (By TsrafPATOR.J The acceptances for the Adelaide Cup having been made, it may not be uninteresting to run through the list and discusB the probabilities, though the approaching "V.R.C. Meeting may before it is over throw an altgether different light on the handicap. The -withdrawal of Richmond and Columbus has left Lockleys in the post of honour, a position to which his past perform ances fairly entitled him. "Well at the post his chance will be a good one. His constant with drawal from big handicaps, notably the Aus tralian Cup,is, lam afraid,an indication thatall is not well with the big son of Zillah, as had he been up to the mark his owners would scarcely have missed the chance of securing such a rich prize, which fit and well he must have been very near winning, with only 7 st. 8 lb. to carry. His trainer, however, is a most painstaking man, and will leave no stone unturned to get his o'd favourite to the post in form for this Cup, so much coveted by all South Australian trainers. Boswortb, 7 st. 13 lb., comes next, and if the brother to Richmond visits us he is sure to command an extensive following, more especially [as he may add to his credit at the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. I am -not at present among those who believe that he or his old opponent Warlock is sure to win this race, ss I am not willing to believe that this season's three-year-olds are nearly as good as First King, Chester, Woodlands, Swiveller, Cap-a-pie, and others who were running last year. Warlock is placed upon 2 lb. better terms than Boswortb, though he defeated the latter at even weights in the Champion, The little chesnut has done an immense amount of hard work this season and has yet several important engagements to fulfill, which may find out a weak spot in him; but, even should he start, I fancy there are one or two in the race who should finish before a colt who must be a wonderful glutton for work if he i* not rather stale by the 15th of April Through^ Leckleys last year's winner—Glen ormiston—has been very fairly handicapped,but I don't think the little bay is the same horse now that he was last autumn, and even if he were Mr. Jordan's big colt could both fit and well concede him 7 lb. Gleuormiston is well in the Australian Gup, and some idea of his present form will be gained from his runniBg in that race. Neckersgat, 7 st. 10 lb., has, I believe, broken down again, and though Mr. Jackson is still persevering with Mm, the chances of his ever being rewarded for Ms trouble are, I am atraid, very remote. Device, 7 st. 8 lb., is a great favourite of mine, in spite of her having misbehaved herself on several occasions. Thoroughly fit this beautiful mare will, I am sure, take her own part. The Hook, 7 st. 6 lb., is nicely weighted. He is reported to be in work, and the mystery wMch surrounds Mm makes -some people tMnk that he has only got to start to win. I shall ba a little surprised if he forms one of the field on April 15, and very much sur prised if he wins, patched-up horses, as a rule, being far more likely to break down than wiD, be they ever such a paper "moral." Electricity is another horse! afflicted by un soundness, and his leg is not likely to allow of his being properly prepared. It was thought that the doubtful member would not have pre vented his being wound up last spring, but the attempt was not a success, and the horse bad to be laid by again. That his trainer entertains a hope of getting him right may be gathered from his name being among the acceptors, and should he by any chance succeed the son of The Barb will run well. Timothy, 7 st. 5 lb., is regularly thrown in, and unless he has lost all form this nervous little customer is bound to finish in the front. When in Mr. De Mestre's stable he was a real good horse, as was shown when he ran second to Janitor for the Hawkesbury Handicap with 8 st. 7 lb., and third in the Metropolitan carrying 8 st. 2 lb. ,Since then, however, the big weights on such a small horse seem to have completely crushed Mm, and he dies away at the end of a race now instead of struggling on with that wonderful gameness which once distinguished him. Last season at our Autumn Meeting, when he'had not to face a large crowd such as is met with at Flemington, he ran well, and any one who saw him struggle home with S st. Sib. in the Autumn Handicap will admit that he stuck to his task that time; and with 19 lb. off his last year's Cup weight I shall keep him on my side, as 7 at. 5 lb. is well witMn his compass, and he is a horse that will run much better in a small field than when he is in a big one and has to face a crowd. Nerissa, 7 st. 3 lb., is a fine filly, and one that will take a lot of beating in this race, judging by her recent performances. Her defeat of Warlock at weight-for-age at Geelong I don't take much notice of, as the colt was short of work; but with 8 lb. in her favour she should finish before tbe chesnut again, and through him should hold Bosworth pretty safe. In the Champion Nerissa was fourth, close beMnd Bosworth, and Warlock and she has cer tainly shown since then that her position was no fake. Murr&binna;, 7 st., will probably per form at the V.R.C. Meeting, as I believe Jordan has him in good condition, and he is lightly weighted. He is a smart-looking colt, and possesses pace, but can hardly be considered well in here. Jarto, 6 st. 13 lb., is a fine little mare, but.not, I think, capable of getting to the end of two miles, and tbe stable will probably find a better representative in Viceroy, 6 st. 12 lb., without -providing the winner. Moon light, with only 6 st. 9 lb., is one of the best handicapped horses in the race on bis three and four year old performances; but I know nothing as to bis present condition, and remember that he was once said' to be afflicted with the staggers. Banter, 6 st. 8 lb., will most likely win races, bnt it will be when the company is not so select; and Hover, 6 st. 8 lb., has never done anything to make me.belieyebe iswithin.4 Ib.nf .Viceroy or 4 lb. better than Cowarie, tbe latter of whom I regard as one of the best<)f the-outsiders. Hie has hitherto done nothing, but is a good-looking colt, and with such a light weightshonld make a show. Minns, 6 st. 4 lb., I can't have; and this brings me to Glenburn, 5 st. 12 lb., a500-guiuea sod of Tregeagle and Miami. This colt was sold at the same time as Lockleys, and the pair^bave been in Jordan's bands ever since. Glenfanrn is one' of those giants trho require time and patience, and his trainer has bestowed plenty on him, bnt whether he will ever be rewarded is.doubtful. lam not going to attempt to select a .winner so long before the race,.but I like best the chances of Device, Timothy, and Nerissa, nnlaan, indeed, Lockleys should be seen inhis last yearns form, in which ease l shall probably rely on him. Mr. Barnard's first, experience should en courage him to proceed'with the Newmarket Bace Meetings, as the little gathering held > on the Morphettville Coarse last Saturday was highly successful in every way, except perhaps to backers of favourites. Zu the Hurdle Bace Moltike, who was very short of work,, though he looked well enough, ran off at the - first hurdle, and Manuwaukaninie and as After Dark followed' his bad example; further*on QuondoBg bad matters her own way at the finish. The winner is rather a nice- looking mare, but as she was not in the best of condition' few fancied her chance, and I think that had it not been for the casualties referred to she would only have been third^ as After Dark appeared to be giving her a deal of trouble when he shirked the jump coming into the straight. The trot which followed was a regular farce, and,it is hoped, if any more races of this description are to take place, more care will be taken in handicapping the horses. From the time the pen was put through Bed Rover's name on Friday night it seemed to be a generally accepted fact with the public that Captain Cook, who had been allowed 700 yards, must win. This proved correct, as there, was nothing in the race capable of ex tending him. Smoker, the steeplechaser, got second, but the competitors were, taken -as a whole, a very sorry lot. Bed Bover's withdrawal caused some little surprise, but seeing that he had been tried with Smoker, and beaten, no one can blame Mr. - Isaacs for declining to send him against a horse like Captain Cook, though I think the pen might have been used earlier, and there was no excuse for his name appearing on the card, as the scratching was made before 8 o'clock on Friday evening. The Cup, which was at first considered as a match between Banter and Ada, had some additional interest. centred in it at the finish by the support awarded to Don Carlos, who was turned ont in beautiful condition by Mr. Saville. Orator also bad a few friends who fondly hoped that his crankiness had deserted him, but The Thane, Glencoe, and Glanville did not command much notice as they were cantered in front of the Stand. Banter, Don Carlos, and Ada, who was miach bigger than is usual , with Totliill's horses, had the race to themselves, the two first named making strong running to the turn, where Banter was done with, and Don Carlos getting the better of Ada in the last hundred yards won easily, On returning to weigh, however, he was found to be short weight, and the Stewards had no alternative but to award the prize to Ada. How the mistake, could have occurred is a mystery, as the horse was " correct" when he went out, and carried no lead which could have been dropped. During the day several other discrepancies occurred, and it would be well to have the scales overhauled, as a recurrence of the Woodlands case is not at all desirable. It was hard lines indeed for Mr. Saville after get ting the colt into such fine form to have the race snatched from him, especially as the running will count the same in the estimation of a liandicapper as if the stakes had gone to the horse "first past the post." The Steeplechase was a match between Hamlet and Lightfoot, both of whom jumped grandly; but the chesnut had all the best of the condi tion and had the race in hand all through. In the Flatter Pawnbroker represented the Lock leys' stable instead of the Wandering Jew, but neither he nor Mongolata ever had the ghost of a show with Izaak Walton, who was in front the whole way, thus winding up a very successful afternoon for those who follow the fortunes of Sir Thomas Elder's tartan jacket. On Tuesday next, March 4, nominations for all the handicaps—except the Free Handicap to be run at the S. A.J.C. Autumn Meeting will close at Mr. Ooates's office. The list includes the Flying Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Hurdles, 50 sovs.; Jockey Club Handicap, 100 sovs.; Selling Handicap, 50 sovs.; and Steeplechase, 100 sovs. The charge for entry in each case (except in the Jockey Club Handicap) is only one sov., so that there should be a goodly array of names for the handicappers to operate upon on March 13. By his victories in the Launceston Handicaps Swiveller has. raised his Australian Cup weight to 9 st. 1 lb., and a victory under this burden in such;a race as the Australian Cup will stamp him as a remarkably good horse. Nina and Mnrrabinna, of Jordan's team, are progressing satisfactorily in their preparation for ths V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, at which it is probable bath will figure. The latter horse has a good many admirers, who will not be astonished to see him to the fore in the Newmarket Handicap, for which, with only 6 st. 7 lb. to carry and Kilduff in the saddle, he looks well. The entries for the Onkaparinga Handicap are very satisfactory both in quantity and quality,1 and the meeting this year will probably prove more successful than any of its prede cessors. The weights made their appearance on Thursday, and seem tolerably free from mistake, though the handicapper may find that he has exercised too much leniency in dealing with a " Darkie" engaged in the Cup and Hurdle Race. For the Onkaparinga Cup The Nightingale has the maximum weight, 8 st. 2 lb., and this is enough to stop her, I imagine. With Ada 7 st. 12 lb., Vulcan 6 st. 10 lb., Amor 6 st. 7 lb., and Enro 6 st. 4 lb. to choose from, Totbill's stable will be very hard to beat, and the best of the quartette should win. Twilight, 7 st. 10 lb., will find the company better than when she won last year, and of the others Banter, 7 st. 6 lb., is fairly handicapped, but I fancy the man who can find out the best iu the MorphettviLIe stable will have the winner. I may remark that I think the handicappers would have dene well to have added a few pounds to Nina's weight. In the Steeplechase Sarchedou has 12 st., ana the list runs down to the local mare Lucy 8 st. 12 lb. Warrior 11 st. 2 lbs, receives more con sideration than is usually given him, and if his owner can get him right again by the day he should |bave a good look in. Of the others, Hamlet 11 st., Frank Hewitt 10 st. 5 lb., and Trump 9 st. 12 lb. look best on paper. Barrister 10 st. 3 lb. heads the list for the Hurdle Race, but I prefer the chances of Vulcan and Amor to anything else at present, and whichever starts should about win. The Burra handicaps have not received mnch attention at the hands of owners of horses, only nine being nominated for the Cup and the same number for the Steeplechase. Some good names appear in the jumping race, but the Burra Han dicap lot are moderate with the exception of Device. 