THE REFORM LEAGUE SCANDAL. THE following correspondence has been handed to us for publication, so that it may reach the eyes of the whole community, through our guaranteed circulation of 350,000 :— TO THE EDITOR OF "PUNCH." SIR.,—Allow me a few last lines in continuation of what has been said and written about this Yeomans business. The case stands thus : Nature lia8 been niggardly to me in the matter of brains. I can't help that, can 11 The barristerial business is bad ; and things look uncommonly blue for such of us as are afflicted with hollow heads and empty bags. If I had exclaimed with the Ghost in Hamlet—" Brief, let me be ;" briefs could not have taken me more literally at my word than they have done. They "let me be" most severely. Mais il faut vivre, you know. (I picked up that little bit of French, when I was school-teaching. Apt, isn't it ?) And as the easiest way of getting a living that I am acquainted, with is to obtain a seat in the Assembly, with £300 a-year certain, and as much more as you can make, by working the oracle at the public offices, I joined the Reform League, in order to contest some district under its patronage. Hitherto, however, my associates have snubbed me,—cruelly and shamefully snubbed me; and some of them say I am " a self-seeking humbug ;" but I appeal to you, Sir, if I am any worse than the rest of them. Each of us has his own little game to play ; and we play it. I want £25 a month, cum pickings, and the privilege of riding over the Government lines of railway as a deadhead. That would be a stepping-stone to the Solicitor-Generalship, the Attorney-Generalship, and a Judgeship. People say I am presumptuous in my expectations. Am I ? Look at O'Loghlen. I consider myself-as good a man as him any day ; and isn't lie looking to the Bench, if that shady bill-transaction in Dublin should not pr-ove a barrier to his promotion ? I trust that I have now elucidated the mysteries of the Yeomans affair, and proved to your satisfaction that there is no more disinterested politician among the members of the Reform League than—Yours, etc., 11th March. JOHN FISHY. TO THE EDITOR OF "PDNCH. SIR —About this Yeomans scandal. You are altogether in the wrong There is no such person as the political hatter, no such sum as £40 no such body as the Reform League, and no such thing as the purchase of a J. P.-ship. I ought to know, for I was once a candidate for a junior teachership; and what is more, Charles Dickens had me in his mind's eye when he described the showman s dwarf, Major Tpschoffki, of the Imperial Bulgraderian Brigade Do vou remember the passage in one of his Christmas stories? 1 cut it out, had it framed and glazed, and hung it over my chimneypiece. Here is a copy of i t H e was a uncommon small man he really was, certainly not so small as he was made out to be but where is vour dwarf as is? He was a most uncommon small man with a most uncommon large ed ; and. what he had inside that ed, nobody never knowed but hisself; even supposm himself to have ever took stock of it, which it would have been a stiff job for even him to do. So vou see, I am more famous than you think for. But as I was about to say, I can explain everything. This scandal would never have arisen but for two circumstances : the yearly excess of imports over exports, and the non-establishment of a national bank of issue. For doesn't it stand to reason that, if the balance of trade is against a country and the contractility of its commerce generates a derangement in the fluctuations of the manufacturing resources of the medium of exchange, the unproductive consumption of landlords and capitalists, limiting the supply of natural agents, leads to a diminution of the peculiar facilities afforded by partial gluts for quadrupling the lessened proportion which the increase of produce generally bears to the increase of the labour occupied in counteracting the temporary fall in rents and prices? Of course it does Very well then, I have established my first proposition, namely, that protection to native industry is the only sound canon of economic SCl6UC6« « • Secondly, if the Government were to establish a paper mill, and a large workshop for engraving bank notes, and were to keep these coins night and day, there is nothing to prevent the poorest man in the community from being worth £100,000, so soon as the emissions of paper money from the national bank of issue amounted to some millions; and by making, these notes irredeemable, there would be no necessity for raising a shilling in the way of taxatidn. Ministers, members of Parliament, civil servants, and Government contractors could all be paid in paper; and we could spend ten times as much upon public works as we are doing at this moment. In fact everybody would be rolling in wealth, and nobody would need to work without he liked, nor to labour any longer than he liked. There is only one man in Victoria—one man of whom it may he said that he is parva sed apta, like the poet's house at Ferrara—who is capable of originating such advanced views as these, and his name is lltb. March, JAMES MYLAMBS. 