UNLEY CORPORATION. Monday, Juts; 14. Present— Grs. (jreer (Chairman), Hwang, O. Mackljn, Nation, Howell, Tweedie, aud T. W, Macklin. His Worship the Mayor wrote stating that he would be unablei to attend the meeting through a previous engagement. G. White applied far. a permit to kill small cattle on Section No. 252, Fullarton-road. To stand over till next meeting. The Town Clerk of Adelaide forwarded a copy of a u Bill for an Act for regulating build ings and party-walls in the City of Adelaide and other Municipalities," and asked for the Conncil's assistance in the endeavor to secure its passage, through Parliament during this session, ^deceived. It was resolved that each Councillor should be provided with a copy of the Bill. J. G. Bailey wrote tendering his resignation of t'je offices held by him. Cr. Tweedie, in mo.ving the acceptance of the resignation, hoped t'\\.te Town Clerk would not think any personal ill-will was felt by any Councillor. Or. Howell seconded. Carried. Cr. Howell moved—"That the Auditors be instructed to make a special audit for the past half-year." Or. Tweedie seconded the motion, which was carried. Roberts & Dingle's tender for the formation j of culverts was accepted. ' The Surveyor reported the delivery of .the road-roller, and ifa satisfactory wcfrkirig. Be had written to the contractor for works on the Railway-parade, but no reply had been re ceived. The contractor was eleven days behind contract time. Or. 0. Macki,18 moved, Or. Nation seconded, and it was resolved that fresh tenders should be called, and the work done at the expense of the contractor. The half-yearly balance-sheet was presented, svnd showed the rates from the various wards to be £1,14015s. Id., and the revenue otherwise accruing £164 17s. 5d. The expenditure had been as follows:—Unley "Ward, £273 8s.Park side Ward, £326_ 3s. lid.; Fullarton Ward, £130 7s. 9d.; Goodwood Ward, £341 lis, 4d.; ether pnblic works, £266 19s. 8d; minor ex penses, £332 16s. Id.; total, £1,671 14s. 9d. The Finance Committee recommended pay ments to the extent of £8 2s. The Town Clerk reported that the overdraft was £551, bat stated that the usual grant-in-aid, amonnting for the half-year to £1,100, had not yet been received from the Government. It was resolved that advertisements should be inserted in tbe daily papers inviting applica tions for the position of Town Clerfcj &c.; * The Council then adjearned. "There are a number of laboring men re siding in Clare and suburbs," says the Northern Argjtsr" who have been idle for the greater portion of the past two months. Some of them have travelled to several of the townships in the AreaB, where they found things equally dull, and failed to obtain anything to do. Many of these menhave'families, who-arenow beginningto feel the pinchings of want. Swagmen are passing through tbe town almost daily in search of work. Seme are making north, while others have returned from that direction disappointed, and are making for Adelaide or the old town ships in the South. The-farmers are not em ploying many hands at present, which makes mat ters worse. There are a fe w men abont here who will in a few weeks start for the Northern h earing sheds." „ tm Tuesday evening, July lo,. about 35 members of the Oivil Service Rifle Company met at the Clarence-Hotel for the- purpose of makings presentation to Sergeant-Major Burt, who has acted as drill-instructor to the Com pany since its formation. There were about 35 gentlemen present, who sat down to an excellent supper catered by. Host Simpson. Captain Wicksteed presided, and the vice-chair was filled by Lieutenant Coffee. The Chairman proposed the toast of the even ing, " The health of Sergt.-Major Burt." He spoke in high terms of the Sergeant's conduct while discharging his 'duties as drill-instructor. He said that when the Civil Service Rifle Com pany was first formed Sergt. Burt voluntarily came forward and offered his services free of charge. _ He took the company in hand and worked it up in the face ef some discouraging ciroumstanceB. The company was in its inr fancy, and it could not be expected that all the members would attend the drills regularly. It did not matter whether two' or three were present or more for drill, the Sergeant always attended and was willing to render bis services. He had been asked, on behalf of the company, to make Sergeant Burt a presentation of a clock. It was not given as a recompense for his Services, but as a slight token of the respect in which he was held by the members of the company. Captain Wicksteed then handed Sergeant Burt a hand some clock, manufactured by Mr. H. Steiner, of Bundle-street. Sergeant Burt, who was re ceived with loud applause, made an appropriate reply. He thanked the members heartily for their present, and promised to stick by the company as long as it lay in his power. Lieu tenant Strother proposed " The National' Rifle Association of South Australia." In doing so he urged upon the members the necessity of be coming good shots as well as becoming efficient in their drill. Adjutant Mann responded. In doing so he said the total strength of the Asso ciation was nearly 700 men. He considered that the Association would in time form the main defence force of the colony. He believed they had the best shots in the Association. It was intended that a match should shortly take place between six or seven of its members and the same number of the members of the permanent defence force. Mr. J. Wright proposed " The Army, Navy, and -Reserve Forces." He spoke of the deeds done by the British troops-at Isandula and Rorke's Drift, and he strongly advised the members to be obedient to their officers, and to follow out the instructions of their drill-sergeants for the purpose of becoming efficient. Lieutenant Strother responded. He said the Civil Service Company numbered 46- members, but the average attendance did not exceed 21. He urged upon them the necessity of attending all the drills possible. Other toasts followed, and the company broke up at an early hour, after a pleasant evening had been spent. A special meeting of those interested in the eight hours movement has been convened for this evening at the Bristol Tavern„Franklin street. ,A meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society is to be held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall this evening for the transaction of impor tant business. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Parlia mentary Society is to be held in the local Insti tute this evening, at ■ which a large' attendance is requested. Mr. Rignold as Henry the Fifth drew another crowded house at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening. To-night being a'' command night" His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois and suite wfll be present. There was a small attendance at the Academy, of Music on Tuesday evening to wit ness tbe performances of the Lynch Family of Bellringers* The entertainment seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by. those present, and several encores were demanded. To-morrow evening there will be an entire change of pro gramme. On Saturday evening Miss Maggie Liddle, who was well-known here as a member of tbe Soldene Opera Troupe, will appear as Henry V. in aburlesque of that name. The public of Adelaide are promised a novelty at White's Rooms on Saturday evening in Mr. Darcy Read's original ghost entertain ment, as exhibited before the Queen and Royal Family, the Viceroy of India, and the Governors of various colonies. The entertainment has been described, as- as u masterpiece of scientific art and a wonderfully interestingillusion. The attraction is extraordinary,and to the thoughtful miud deeply [interesting as an exhibition of the effects of a skilful arrangement of mate rial appliances in producing what half the people in the world think only possible to superhuman powers. It is an educational means for expanding and elevating the intellect, and leading it by agreeable steps into the paths of philosophicalresearch; and fortifying it against credulity and humbug." Mr. and Mrs. Read are assisted by a staff of artists, who personify the characters in the spectral romance " Temptation," and in the Christy Minstrels, &c.; The " Ghost" has enjoyed a successful run in Victoria and the ;other colonies as a highly amusing as well as scientific novelty. A complimentary benefit was given to. Mr. 'Arthur and Miss Nellie Vivian at White's \- Rooms, on Tuesday evening, in the form of a variety entertainment. The programme was to have opened with Sheridan Knowles's comedy scenes "The Cousins,." in which. Miss Elise Sydney and Mr. D-'Aroy Read were to have made' their first appearance in Adelaide, bat owing to the illness of the lady the comedietta of " The Happy Pair" had to be substituted, with Mr. and Mrs. Vivian as the performers. This was followed by musical selections, Mr. H. Weippert singing his nautical song "RollingHeme," MissDespard being heard to advantage in " The-Shamrock," Mr., and Miss Vivian causing amusement in their-, comic duet, "The Roman Fall," and in severai other sketches, including " The Silent Woman." Mr. Wilkins was encored for aoornet solo played with his usual proficiency. The company were also assisted by Mr. T. Hanley. in Hibernoaja comicalities, Mr. Sothern in " Clogogjaphi cality," and. Mr. Argles, who recited a poem entitled " Deserted." - The following gentlemen have 'consented to act as a Committee for the reception of the Geelong team of footballers who are to arrive in Adelaide to-morrow:—The Hon. W. H. Bundey, M.P. (Attorney- General), the Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., Messrs. O. Peacock, M.P., E. T. Smith, M.P., J. C. Bray, M.P., W. K. Simma, M.P., W. Quin, M.P., D. Bower, M.P., J. A. Acraman, T. Hack (Mayor of Port Adelaide), O. Todd, C.M.G., Captain R. H. Ferguson, Mesuta. W. R. Cave, E. H. Derrington, and R. W\ Whitfield and J. Cresswell, Secretaries of the South Australian Football Association, and, t.wo representaties from each associated OIuVj. The team are expected to arrive, at Port Adelaide early to-morrow morning, when they trill be re? ceived by the . Mayor (Mr. T. Ha'jfc) and the members of the Port Town Council and Messrs. 0\. C. Kingston, A. J. Diamoncu.C. Wells, and 0\. E. Warren, who have been appointed by the: Association as a Sub-Committe8 for their re ception. The Mayorof Port, Ade3aide will enter tain the team at the Town Hall, which is to be open for the admission of the general publia. The visitors will come to the oity by the 10.30 train, and thby .will Qe driven through the principal streetSj 