"THE DBEAM OF THE MOONBEAMS." Sensations were something like angel visits in Saint John's parish — very few and far between. . Sometimes a breeze of news wonld blow in from the great ontaide world, to nuke a little ripple on the snrfaoe of society, ana people went about for a few days talking of the matter whioh had stirred them np from their nanal repose. A stagnant, peaceful, Uneventful repose— ab most of tbe few inhabit ants of St. John's Dene fonnd it. St. John's Dene was a small aristocratic village, with its one chnroh : aod really, the doings of that chnrch constituted abont all the business that arose there. The St, John's people prided themcelves on this sleepy kind of existence, and to epesk of any dreadful event in con nection with them, such as a theft or an elope ment, would be enre to bring down the indig nation of that pretty place. Sometimes an event occurred among themselves whioh furnished food.for ohat and goesip for several days, sod then life went oo as it hsd been going on before the little social whirlwind came to set the atmosphere of St. John's Dene in brisker motion than nsnal. Just now something great had oeonrred. i.ne eleepy old organist, Mr. Uray, suddenly resigned his position as organist in St. John s chnroh. He hsd occnpied the past for many years, and everybody regarded him as a fixture. Accordingly, when he aooonnoed that be was going away from St, John's Dene, and that the trustees of tbe chnrch had better be looking about for some one to fill his plaoe, people were all astir with the excite ment. Not eo much that the quiet old man should be leaving them, as that they would want a eucceseor to him. It was all managed very quietly. The clergyman, Mr. Thorpe, proposed a gentleman whom he knew — a yonng man of good family, who waa not a professional, bnt wonld take tbe plaoe for a time. He was not rich, and the ealary wonld be useful to him. Of course there arose a great flatter among the yonng ladies of St. John's Dene. A handsome yonng organist wonld be a decided acquisition. Ot coarse he was handsome I It would Dot be at all in accordance with the fitness of things if he turned ont to be ngly. Being a gentleman, and not a professional, they considered themselves justified in being cartons npon the point. The pretty little chnroh was orowded oo the first Snnday of his appearsnoe, and every individual member of the congregation, of the gentler sex, bad considered it her dnty to pot on her most beooming apparel, and to look her beet. Even Alice Utamer, one of the rnoet sensible of girls, and the only daughter of prond old Mr. Cramer, of the Crunnn aha ntxinH Knfnrn Kav dlasa that morning, getting ready for oharob, had tbo aght of the new organist, aod pnl.ed abont the epray of white roses and half- opened bnds that Bat m her bonnet and half mingled with her soft, wavy brown hair. Letty Thorpe waB going to wear her new bonnet that day, aa Alice knew, and ahe and Letty stood aide by side in the organ- loft together, being two of the singers. "Papa," said Alioe, entering the library, where her father eat, a white eilk handker chief thrown over his head, "are yon sore yon are not weU enough to go to ohnrch to- day S" "Of oonrae I am not, Alias," was Mr. Cramer's peevish answer. " Did I not say so at breakfast T ' "Bnt the new organist, papa, will be there," " The new organist 1" repeated Mr, Cramer in reproof ; " what's the new organist to me t Yon koow how these neuralgic headaches unfit me for anything when they oome on. There ; go and shut the door, Alice," To have to go to ohnrch by herself was notbiog new to Mise Cramer. Mr. Cramer was at best a hypochondriac: especially had he been so einoe the death of bis wife, three years ago, and Alice waa now left mncb alooe. The governees, Mrs. Bird, who bid resided with them so loDg, had been Called away by the lllnees of her mother. tibe had promieed to return to Alioe, ae chaperon add oompanion, as soon as ahe should be at liberty, bnt it waa hard to say when that time wonld be. The new organist, Robert Karl Leith, sat before the organ when Alice ascended the stairs of the organ-loft, and took her place next to Letty Thorpe. She oonld not see much of him, except that be looked slender and gentlemanly, and had very fair hair. " He is not at all like what I expeoted," whiBpered Letty to her. ' Not io the least." " in what way f whispered back Alioe. " Not so handsome. I had pictured a dark, handsome man, with beantifnl dark eyes. But there's something very nice about him, and ooe can see he is a gentleman. He will just suit yonr taste, I suppose. Yon like fair men." Tbe new organist chanced to tarn round at the moment aod cinght them looking at bim. Being a modest, retiring girl, Alice blushed, partly at that, partly at Letty'e words. Mr. Leith thought it was ooe of the sweetest faces he had ever seen. A true, pure face, with a clear beaoty io it like a star. " How cao yon say snoh things, Letty I" she whispered in reproof. "Aod in. chnroh, too !" The ohnrch was filling rapidly, and the organist began the voluntary, A ripple of pleased anrpriee ran throngh tbe ears of the congregation as he struck the opening chorda. It was very different from Mr. Gray's playing. That was always a jog-trot kind of performance ; this was tbe tonoh of a master. The old organ seemed suddenly to have shaken off its drowsiness and renewed . its youth. The rieh, fall, mellow harmonies filled the chnrch and soared heavenward on the air of that still, beantifnl morning, as if they were the voices of angels praising God. "Is it not oharmiog," whispered Letty, who could cot keep aileoi though she was io church. "1 have jutt heard that he is a German, and we all know how tbey play," " Hush 1 " breathed Alice. " It is very beautiful." The grand fall ohorde seemed in perfect harmony with the peaae that Bat io her heart. Mr. Leith'e first essay as organist of St. John's Dene was very successful, winning him the favour of the congregation. His playing waB sc. entirely different from Mr. Gray's that they began to wonder how they conld have been content with that worthy gentleman's accomplishments. The chnrch - wardens after service shook hands together, and boogratnlated themselves on their £00d lock io securing so satisfactory and efficient, an artist. And than they tnrned and shook hands with himself at the chnroh door. Letty Thorpe, with her nanal disregard of conventionalities, invited him, nnder her mother's very eyes and hearing, to tbe Parsonage on the following evening, where they were going to have a small party for mssia "I will oome," he replied, smiling: and Alice Cramer, standing by, thought what a pleasant smile it was, and how it transfigured to momentary beauty his otherwise plain face. "At present I seem like a man in a desert here, knowing nobody." " We will introduce yon to plenty of people tc-morrow evening," cried shattering Letty. "And thia is Miss Cramer, of tbe Grange, my very particular friend." Mr. Leith bowed to Alice, aod if he d d not absolutely eay tbe introduction was a pleasure, his eyea certainly expressed it, Letty was beginning to talk again ; bat at that junctors her father oame ont of the little vestry door and approached, and the young lady had to subside into sib ncs. Robert Leigh Bettled himself down in Mr. Gray'e old apartments, and speedily became at home in St John's Deoe. He was a gentleman, and he was a truly magnificent player on both organ and plans : two very good essentals to socoess in society. The pan on and Mrs. Thorpe took a great fancy to him ; tbey saw tf a; he was, in every sense, of tbe word, » good man, and he was will known to soma r- latives of theirs io London. It was from these relatives that Mr. Thorps had heard of him. Mirn Letty beoame nearly aa intimate with him as a Hist- r, and patronispi bim extensively. There was oo other kind of'loUe in' her b> art for bim, and ahe made no scrapie of sayiog eo openly, to him elf and to otbere ; he was not the kind of man ahe conld aver select for her true knight. Mr. Leith laughed, aod said he hoped ahe would let 1-im be as her brotheriy kbigfct, theu and always ; he woold serve ber with mil t brother's fealty. " Why do 'yon cri! yourself a 'German 7" she askifl him one day. "1 never do call myaelf a Qermiu," he replied. "Other people, I believe, oill me one sometimes." " Why should they T " " I am half German. My mother was German, and I have been a great deal in Germany." " And yonr father was one of onr clergy men and had a great living, papa say p." " Yes," said Mr. Leith. " Bat my father and mother are both dead now, and I am alone." "They died while yon were at Oxford 1" "At Cambridge — not Oxford. My father wished me to go into the chnroh bIbo : bat I preferred music." " Do you mean to say you are going to be a professional f — a real professional — to get your living by musio ? " cried Letty, opening her eyes wide. " I have a very little income at present just what suffices to keep me in bread and cheese— truly it is little more that it does— and I am content to plod on patiently sod work aod wait and perfect myself, and per haps in time I shall be one of our great composers, snch as those great maaters Mozart sod Beethuven," replied the young man in simple oandour. " But why did you oome down to St. John's Dene?" wondered Letty. "This place will not help yon on to greatneie." " I came to St. John's Dene because I was ill. Ailing, that is," he added, correcting himself. " Some of my good friends thonght London waa too close for me, and that I was over Btndying besides. They chanoed to hear that this plaoe wanted an organist, and they said if I wonld only consent to oome here for for a time, the oonntry air and the rest wosld eet me np." "But you atudyhere. I have heard yon say eo." " Oh yes. That I should do wherever I might be living. But I am already as muoh better ae it is possible to be." "So yon don't intend to stay here 1 Yon only came for a time ? " " That is all." "I am very sony; and so 1 think will Alice be. Yon see we all like you very much already. It is such a change from old Gray. He was seventy at least, and took snuff," Robert Leith laughed. It was not the first time he bsd heard himself favourably compared with Mr. Gray. In return for the kiodnesB shown him at the Parsonage, Mr, Leith asked to be allowed to superintend Letty'e mmic. That yonng lady had no very particular genius for it ; she was careless and impatient, and ahe never Bat down to the piano without setting Mr. Leith's teeth on edge. A little good instruc tion and some steady practising would improve ber greatly, aa he represented to Mrs. Thorpe, UnH than nsotafnlln alien liisn sees SUV/ yswmilj ZIIMIKU M1»U| W1U auvol ted his offer. " I wonder whether the yonng man would take Alioe aa well T" cried Mr Cramer, one day that the clergyman was calling at Dene Graoge. 14 Since Mrs. Bird left, Al»n« hm nuaeed her mnaic lessons. He might charge me first-class terms for it." ' I have do doabt he would take her," eaid Mr. Thorpe. " Bnt as to nharging — I don't know that he woold accept anything at all for it; be will not for Letty. He la not a mnsio master, yon know." ' 4 Then that, of course, puts an «nd to the matter," returned proud Mr. Cramer. aI will have nobody teaohing here who is above being paid for it." The parson laughed to himielf. He knew the old gentleman's failing, " I will ask him whether be will undertake Alioe, and charge for it," he aaid aload. "If he declines, there's no harm done." Mr. Leith did not decline ; he accepted it, ; a slight ooloar flashing his faae as he did so. Not at the idea of beiog paid, bnt from the gratification of teaching that most charming girL " Mr. Cramer may pay me as much as he likes," he observed, with a laugh. 44 A guinea a lesson if it pleases him." " Yon will have to name the terms yourself : mind that, Leith. Aud tbe more you charge ths belter he will think of yon." '4 1 wlU eay a guinea a lesson, then." Bo the lessons to Miss Cramer begin, two a week. GeneraLly speaking, Alioe took them at the Parsonage ; though sometimes Mr. Leith went to the Grange to give them. Mr. Cramer took rather a fanoy to the yonng man in his condescending manner, finding, bim prudent, gentlemanly, nod intelligent; aod be occasionally invited bim to dinner. Afterwards tbe yonng man wonld play for an hoar or two on the magnificent grand ptaoo, and Mr. Cramer wonld listen with a softened heart, and fancy that the old times were baok again. His wife, of whom he had been very food, was a delightful musician, and she used to play to him at these twilight hoars. Ia that snmmer the dream of Alice Cramer's life came to her. There are times in the lives of all when tbe one grand dream of love must arise ; the sweetest, best dream of all the dreams we ever koow in this world. And some of ns wake to a beautiful reality, and some of as to a bitter sense of loss and disap pointment, Alice bad never loved She might have had ber ideal, drawn out of poetry aod romance, but she had never found it realized. When Robert Leith came, Bhe felt as ahe had never felt before. Sometimes she wondered why it was that the old vague restlessness was gone from ber. But she soon knew ; she soon knew. The peace of love, that had come to still the iooginge and the restlessness ot a Hears wmcn yearns lor something it has never known, told her alL And he loved her from the first. He saw in her a woman with a aweet and womanly sool, with a tender and trnatiog heart; and he felt that it wonld be safe for any man to give his happinneas into the keeping of such a girl as that. Alice wonld never betray the trnst. The snmmer days went by, and daring their coming and going these two learned the most beautiful lesson of life from the great and universal teacher we call Love. One evening, when Mr. Leith called, he bronght ber a piece of music in manuscript. He had been there also the previons evening, and found Alice albne, just at ahe was alooe now. Mr. Cramer had one of his bad attacks, that caused bim to keep his room. They hsd spent the evening at the piano, Mr. Leith dreamily playing, impro vising. and Alioe listening. ' <( What is this V ahe aaid, as he put the sheet of mnaic in her hand. Yoq have been composing." 4'1 composed it here last night, aod wrote it oat to-day. How is yonr papa." 44 Papa saya he ia no better, but 1 think he is. I hope be will be to-morrow." " Shell I play thia over for yonf' "If yon would?" He began playing. It waa a tender, passionate poem, full of melody ; itaeemed to Alice, aa ahe listened, tint one attain ran through it from beginning to end, aud that strain waa, "I love you 1 Iloveyou 1" It Beamed to repeat itself over and over in the alow, aweet measures of the melody, it aeemed to ber as if his eoul, Robert Leith'a soul, were speaking to ber throughout. " Do you like It ?" he asked, as Hie last low chord died iotomlence. " Yes, I did like it," she timidly answered "It la very beantifnl," and her fane was bright and her eyea were tender, though he conld not nee tbem nnder ' the drooping lide. "Wonld yon mind playing it onoe more 1" And once more that moat sweat and dreamy melody floated on tbe evening air. The piano tyaa very near the glass doora of the open window, and tbe moonlight streamed in on the mnaic ; streamed npon the light hair and aide face of the 'player, and upon Alice aa she etood near Lim. Tbe very situation had in itself enough of poetry and romance to awaken love. And what ot Air. Uramer ! W bat conld that ataid old gentleman be thinking of to allow there d.ngeroaa meetinge ! The proba bility waa that' Mr. Gramer, nuratng himself upettire and groaning over hie ailment., knew nothing abont Mr. Leith'a being there. If he had -known, he wonld have been perfeotly eaay. It woold have aeemed no mure praorioabie to hie hanghty notions f r a mnaic master to presume to fall in lore with Mian Cramer of Dene Grange, or for his daughter to fall in love with a music master, than for he, himself, to be made Pope of Rome to-morrow. Again tbe laat chord of the melody died away Into silenoa. Alioe, with a long-drawn breath, went a step nearer. "-What shall X call l1 r he aakpd, turning hie face to her io the moonlight. " It ought to be something appropriate to the hour. This evening hour, 1 mean, that we are now passing together," Alioe shook her head. ' ' There ie no name good enough for it," ahe thooght. "Shall we call it— 'The Dream of the Moonbeams? " "Yea. Oh yes,"ahe tremblingly whispered; for indeed the hoar and its anrronndinga, and the love In her own heart, were telling npon hfcr. "I have never listened to any thing half no beantifnl. Will yon teach me to play it aa yon do ?" Robert Leith panted a moment and then roae. Hie love was telling npon him. He forgot prudence ; he flung future troubles to the winda, " Alice I" he .aid, as ha took her hands in hia,"Alice 1" Her heart flattered like a bird's It told her what waa comiDg. " Alioe, my darling, has the waltz whis pered to you what 1 tried to make it whisper ? Has it 1" His voice waa low aud tender, and hia face was illumined by that sweet, grave smile of his " Did you understand it, Alice ?" " I think f did," she answered softly, and lifted her eyes shyly to his for a moment. " And may I hope that— that you will net reject my love ?" he cried in agitation. "Dj you care for me, Alioe ?" For answer ahe gave him a smile that told him what no words could have done, for thia girl was no coqnetta : a glad, bright amile that waa a refleonon from the sucahice in her heart; and as ench be understood it. "God bless you, my darling," he murmured, tenderly killing her. r Ouca again he played over the musio at fae: request : a true melody of the moonbeams and then tbey stood together and whispered of the intnre. Ah, aifiy people 1 To suppose that Mr. Cramer wonld listen to scything so prepos terous. Robert Leith stood before Mr. Cramer the next day io his library : speaking a little of what he hoped to do, aud of the fortune that mnat came to him sometime from hie late father's brother. Tho old man eat dumb founded. " Am I to underatand, air," be said, hie face pale with passion, "that you have tbe presumption, the impudence, to aak my consent to a marriage with my daughter ?" " I love yonr daughter, air," Leith answered proudly, stung by the old man'a words. " I do not wish to appear pre- anmptona or impudent when confessing it. My family la a good one ; and—" " And my answer is thia," cried the old man, in a sudden buret of rage and anger. If you do not leave my boms immediately, I'll have yon put out of it I Do you hear sir ? put out of it by my servants. And if yon evar dare to apeak to Miaa Cramer again, 111 horsewhip yon, as I wonld a dog. Do yon know want yon are; man, in my eyes 7— a fortune-hunter, an adventurer! Don't say a word"— at Leith attempted to speak—"! won't listen to you. Family! — fntnra fortune! how dare yon presume to apeak of them in oonneotion with Miss Cramer of Dene Graoge? Leave my hooae; sad take care that you never darken my door again." Leith tnrned away with a white, set faro, and left the room without a word. He found Alioe in the eitting-room, and entered it, greatly agitated. "It ia all over," he said. "Your father! has ordered me ont of the hooae, and called me a fortune hunter, and threatened to horsewhip me if I ever apeak to you again." " Oh, Robert, Robert 1" she cried, faint and aiok, while hia own face waa pale With passion, for truly it did asem to him that he had bean treated with orael contumely. "And this it ths end of it mill And I, I cared for yon bo." "This ia the end of It all, unless " He stopped suddenly. "I have no right, perhipa, to ask yon what I was about to do, in detiaoce of your father." "What?" ahe gasped. "To wait. That we ehould both wait patiently hoping aod praying for better times-" "Papa will never ehange .hia mind,-' she answered. "I know him 'too well for that. Hia will ia the only law he knows. Oh, Robert, Robert 1" She leaned her head upon hia shoulder, and wept bitterly. The dream had oome to an end ; and it had been ao aweet a dream I He pat his arms aroaod her aa if to keep her. Heaven alone knew how hard it was to let her go. A footstep — and they were interrupted by the indignant father. His face was perfectly livid. "Alice," he oried, hoarsely, "leave the room- I forbid yon to speak to that man again. Do yon hear? If yon do, I will taro yon from my door. Remember that- And yon, air! yen! " Mr. Cramer fairly choked with passion, aod could not go on. "I am going, air," answered Leitb. "I waa bnt taking my farewell of your daughter ; for I have no intention of defying your mandate : from my earliest ohildhooi I waa taught to render implicit obedienoeto parents. God bless you, my darling," be added ia a whisper to Alios aa be passed her. " We may not meet again, bat I shall never forget you." Robert Leith went out from the hooae like one walking io a dream. He never looked at the aogry man who stood at the room door with hit threatening arm stretched ont to point the way ; be aaw ooly the faro of hie lost love, white with pain and wet with tears. And 8t John's Dane got a moat unex pected sensation. That same day it was made known that the new organist had resigned his post in the chnroh, and waa gone. Absolutely gone. Gone altogether away, bag and baggage. No reason waa aaaigned by him in either of the two notes be sent ; one to the olergy- man, the other to the principal churob warden, annonncing his resignation and departure. But the people had cot been living with tbelr eyes qnite Bhnt, and the cause waa gueaaed at. St. John's Dene was in resentful despair. Where on earth were they to find another organist at a pinch ? — and who would play for them next Sunday? " Thia oomes of eugagiog a yonng man who ib not a professional 1 " grumbled the parson quaintly. " We had better have old Gray back again." Alice Cramer oonld have told tbem all about it had ahe ohoaso. Her ruffled old father, entrenched io hia pride aud hia selfishness and hia wealth at Deoe Grange, couli also have told, and to better purpose. Bat never a word or a hint came from either. Just abont thia time Mrs. Bird came back ; and poor Alice waa aeen abroad with her, as Bhe need to be, her face sad now, but making no sign. So Robert Karl Leith disappeared from tbe eight and knowledge of St. John's Dene. Other seciationi aroae by degrees for that stagnant place, sod he was soon utterly for gotten. The new organist waa a plodding man, with a wife and seven children and a bald head. Hi. style waa more flourishing than Mr, Gray's ; bat he had not the magic a .l -r D.Uau r .:ak — l:.l l.j i j Miuuu ui sMJiferu uuvu, wutvu iwu vurueu simplest tone into a nameless melody. The next great sensation which, in the oonrae of a year or two, arose for St John's Dene, was the death of the owner of Dene Grange. The Grange and all tbe rest of Mr. Cramet'a property became bis dangbtoi'e. Poor Alioe waa nob enough now and her own mistress : bnt ahe had never got over her life's disappointment, and her heart was tad. Mrs. Bird had stayed oo with her at the Grange ; and at tbe end of a year, when the deepest of her mourning garments were pat og, they went travelling. » The sunshine of a summer day lay ever tbe German landscape. The languid tints of September had come before the August warm tb had gone, and to-day the hszy earth seen el to have just lost its sharp clear antlinn in a vagqsindt-quiteoesa. lue mouDtaiua, wrapped about in their warm purple atmosphere, were like something aeen in dreams, hslf forgotten, and yet real. Tbe hills far away wera only the ghosts of hills. The river, flawing swiftly throngh the valley, was the one thing in all the soene that aeemed fall of life and nation. Alice Cramer aat down upon a great rack, over which tbe Sogers of fabjea had woven a oqrpet of greenest mnsa, and looked away acroee the purple aplendrqr of tbe afternoon, and thought. She had nothing to do but thick now. She was alone io the world, free to go and come ae ahe pleased. Over the eca she grave waa growing green in tbe churchyard nook whare her father elept bis last fc'pep. , The yeara that had come and gone zinoe the mad she had loved, sod whom ahe bsd never forgotten— whem ehe never could forget— had kissed her and left her with a breaking heart, had bronght some cha&gee; to her. She had grown more womanly ; there were traces of the refining work of sorrow in her face. Bnt it waa a pore and beautiful face atilL In all these years-she had heard bnt onoe of Robert Leith. Chancing to open a news paper whioh especially noted the doingl of the art world, both of mneio and painting, she saw hia name— Karl Leith. It waa how it appeared there. The paragraph stated that he bad gone abroad to study. That waa all. Since then he seemed, aa before, .to have dropped out of her world, leaving oo trace behind him. Thia afternoon,' aa Aftoe sat In the quiet of the enmmer-aotnmnday, ahe fell to thiohlog of him. No very ' unusual thing. She wondered if their paths would ever meet again. If he only knew that nothing kept tbem apart now, unless some crael fate wm interposing, wonld he come to her? In the laBt daye of her father's life the old manh prond .spirit left him ; and he told Alios that if the time conld come over again he might not oppose her. So there was no impediment now. And then the thonght oame to her dwelling on these peat things, that perhaps Robert had fergotten her. But he had told her at the last that he never would forget her, and ahe believed he could not. She judged him by herself, yon see. The qnaint German village below ber grew dim aa tbe sun dropped oot of eight behind the mountains. She fanoied that the valley, full of a oool, purplish-gray miat, now tbrit the anoaet had come, was a sea ; that the village, growing more and more indistinot, was being swallowed in this ideal sea ; and then she laughed at.herself for aooh fancies. The clatter of wheels down the rocky road oaneed Alice to lift her head. She aaw faintly enongh in the evening light, the red' jacket of the postillion, aa he cracked his whip and drew np before the door of the inn. "Some travellers," ahe- aaid, rising and wrapping her light shawl abont her. "Prob ably English ; I will go down and get a look at tbem. It will be qnite a new sensation here— as we need to eay at St. John's Dane." It waa a somewhat inaccessible apot, this little remote German village, and oonld ooly fas reaohed by poat-travelling, or on foot. 'Not half a dozen ztrangera were in it now, inclnd« ing Alice aod Mrs. Bird. Alice pioked her way down the rocks in the twilight, and sat down in the moonlight, in the garden attached to the inn. The salon looked empty, aofar asahe oonld see it through the open windows. Mrs. Bird sod the rest, riie supposed, were down at the little well, oot yet digoifiadby thenama of 8pm. A lies sat waiv mini nwisuu vt USUI -W tOIIUlla VI recently-arrived travellers ahe saw nothing; Suddenly, and very quietly, somebody touched the piano. It etood against the wall in the aalon, and Alice had not seen it opened einoe her sojonrn at the place. . There waa something in the morio and the moonlight, taken in conjunction, that held her like a spall. She conld not see the player, for the ioom wm full of shadows, but he seemed to be playing with hia whole sonl. Suddenly the strain changed. Alioe'e heart gave a great leap, aod then stood till, That melody I Conld aheever forget it ? Ah, no 1 It wm the one ahe had retained in her heart; the same beantifnl story ahe had listened to years ago, that memorable night at Dene Grange when Robert Leith deolared hia love, " The Dream of the Moonbeams." Now there waa an undertone of passionate sadness and sorrow running through it, that told a longing pain which would not be quieted. It was aa If the player would repeat to himself the story of his love, while hia heart waB moaning for it. The melody died away in a wailing minor chord, and then silenos reigned. Alioo ocept to the open glass doora aod peeped io. Some one aat at the piaoo still ; who it wm aha oonld not at first see, for the salon wm only lighted by the moon. " Robert?" ahe eaid, hesitatingly, m she paused upon the threshold : and the man tnrned hia bead quickly, and then she saw. " Oh, Robert, Robert 1 " He sprang up; he saw her standing there, her face white and radiant in the moonlight; Ad unutterable gladness sat ou her face, lost aa though the soul shone through it. Alice t My Alice 1 " waa all he said, with a low, quiet cry. And he took her into his arms ; and they both broke down, ftlmoet sobbing. Tbe moon's rays fell abont tbem, white and pore, like the beoediotion of God Ie there noy need to tell more? How 8k John's Deoe onoe moregofe she " newovgantat ' back agaio, to its own intense astonishment But he waa a man of conBeqnence now, rich and influential, and gave them beantifnl parties at the Graoge, aod very often took the orgaa for them on Sundays, delighting the old ebaroh with hiB wonderful touch. Bat his wife declares that, but for hia plsyiog that particular piece that eveuiog at tbe inu in Germany, they might never have met again, for he waa intending to depart on the following morning. And often on u moonlight night ahe stands by him, her bead ou his shoulder, while he so tly plays "The Dream of tbe Moonbeams." 