A RELIGIOUS IMPOSTOR IN RUSSIA. A curious trial took place the other (lay m the government of Saratoff, in Russia. Two peasants, named Toknreff and Kotclictkoff, were accused of obtaining money under false pretences, 'i'oka- reff bud gone from village to village staling that be was " the earthly Ulinst, and that Kotclictkoff was " Sabaoth-;" that he was inspired by the Holy Ghost, and that God bad given him tlie power of sentencing and punishing all men on the (lay of judgment. His white face, surrounded by coal-black looks/bis glittering black eyes, thin comprcsscdlips, bumble look, und low, harmonions IIIUIIIIU1 UL njiUilKlllg HIV DtillVU lU IlilVU |Huuuut:u an extraordinary impression on tlie villagers, who readily gave him anytlting be asked for to procure exemption from punishment after death. He usually demanded a horse nnd a load of wheat, or 100 roubles, declaring that tbosc who made such an "offering" to liim thereby made foi: themselves "a ladder by which to attain eternal life nnd tlie pardon of all their sins." One of the witnesses, a wealthy peasant named Loclioff, said that Toknreff had told him liis soul coujd not be saved unless lie would sell bis house, fast for nine days, and thou bring him the pur- clmsc-money as an " offering." Loehoif did as lie was instructed, and placed 250 roubles, the amount of the purchase money, on a table in front of a liclure of the Virgin. Toknreff took tlie money, nil. soon afterwards told Lochoff it was not suffi cient, anil not only induced him to make more " offerings " but even to give up liis wife to bo em ployed by Toknreff ns'a servant. It also appeared that three women lived with Toknreff, whom he culled bis " spiritual wives" and " mothers of God and an iron clioin, with the inscription, " Lord of glory," was produced, which Tokaroff said lie biitlob- iniiiuu lrum nil uitKiiown person. xue eouiL acquitted' Kotclictkoff, and scutcnc&l; Toknreff to repay to his dupes llio money lie bad received from them, and to serve for fifteen mouths in tbc crimi nal companies of the Russian army. 