Intercolonial Jntelligence. TASMANIA. From the Bishop's address at the late Diocesan Synod we learn, among other interesting items of Church news, that the number of candidates presented for confirmation during the past year was 408 ; that the Church Society, constituted last session after the pattern set : by the Diocese of New South Wales and by the Episcopal Church of , Scotland, is working very satisfactorily ; that the debt left upon the cathedral (£1000') is all but paid off : that the cathedral, in the : Bishop's opinion, is, without doubt, ' fulfilling the object for which it was created, as a nursery of the sacred ministry, as a centre of diocesan unity, and as a promoter of more becoming and devout worship in the capital and throughout the diocese,' and that sub scriptions are invited for its completion ; that the governors of Christ's College have several eligible candidates in view for the office of warden of that institution ; that the Church Temperance Society is making steady, though, not rapid progress, the great, drawback to its extension being the want of competent laymen to urge its claims at public meetings. Upon the subject of scriptural instruction in public schools, 'it is scarcely fair,' the Bishop thinks, 'to blame the State for the omission of that most important element of popular education amidst the unhappy jealousies and divisions of modern Christianity. The State is compelled to keep clear of controverted doctrines, even while recognising that it is its highest interest to encourage religious motive ; but, while limiting her efforts to the secular education of her children, she is wise in removing all possible impediments in the way of bringing those sanctions to moral behaviour which religion only can give.' The Tasmanian .system appears to the Bishop as free from objection as any, in that it takes direct cognisance of the value of religious truth by permitting any minister of religion to draft off his own children for religious in struction in a separate class-room during the first hour of the school day. The Bishop suggests that in the outlying districts beyond the reach of the clergy much might be done for religious instruc tion and worship if employers would gather the children, and gradually their parents and friends, for simple religious teaching, or mere reading from one of the many interesting periodicals of the day, such as the Monthly Pac7tet, Good Words, or the Day of Best. He also urges upon the lay members of the Church to encourage the most fitting of their sons to offer themselves for the work of the sanctuary. In order to secure a high standard, intellectually and socially, for the clergy there is need, he says, of 'clerical incomes being more independent of the caprice of the parishioners, as well as the offer of services for the ministry from men who are possessed of pri vate means. It is the presence of those whose devotion to their work is not altogether dependent on what they receive that gives the English clergy so large an amount of their moral influence.' A leading dis senter (Eev. Hugh Stowell Brown) says of the clergy of the Church of England : — ' From what I see, from what I hear, from what in various ways I learn, I cannot but think that the clergy of the Church of England are, as a rule, inferior to no other in the matter of dili gence ; many of the most independent amongst them work quite as '. hard as any of the most dependent among ourselves, , , i ThV official stipends in multitudes of parishes are totally unequal to the fair support of the ministry ; but in many, very many cases, gentle men of learning and property are content and glad, for the Church's sake, to live and labour in such places, and, as far as money is con cerned, to do far more for their churches than their churches for them.' 'Now,' asks the Bishop of Tasmania, 'why should not the same zeal manifest itself among us ?' After explaining to the synod the decision arrived at by the Lambeth Conference on questions affecting the colonial Church; the Bishop proceeded : — ' I must now claim your attention to one subject of immediate interest. There is a Lamentable ignorance among Churchmen as to the ground upon which their Church took her stand at the Keformation. The great principle that guided our Keformerswas to regard as essential, whether in faith or discipline, nothing that was not sanctioned by the writings of the New Testament and the distinct witness of the apostolic age. The popular' belief now is, that the New Testament was a ' gift' placed in the' hands of the world, from which each individual that obtains a copy was left to work out a system of doctrine and church organisa tion for himself. We forget the fact, to which the New Testament itself bears witness, that our Lord, before His ascension, founded His Church, and. gave it all its commission and powers, promising to it tlie indwelling of the Holy Spirit to the end of the world. From this we are led to infer that if any writings, claiming to be written by inspiration, were afterwards preserved, both inspiration and preser vation were due to this promise by the Holy Ghost ; that whatever of reverence is due to Holy Scripture is a priori due to that Christian institution by whose divinely-guided care and indwelling spirit those writings were selected, pronounced authentic, and placed in thesacred canon!, Such an institution, so constituted, was the divine instru mentality which for more than a century had been carrying out Christ's commission to ' baptise- all nations, and to teach whatever He had commanded.' Their commission was to preach— i.e., publish — rather than to write. They did so as men who expected Christ's advent was not far off ; and when they did write, whether St. Mark what he had heard from St. Peter, or St. Luke what he had heard from St. Paul, they did so separately and unconnectedly, and, as it would seem, unconsciously that what they wrote was meant for futurity. They proclaimed facts, and that orally — the facts that are now found in the Apostles' Creed j and when they did write con troversial letters later on, to absent converts and others, it was some special form of error they wrote to controvert. And when the time had arrived, and the end of the worldand Christ's coming were seen to be more distant, and oral truths were not sufficient to meet the wants of the age, written documents were found necessary; and so the ' apostolic writings were slowly, doubtfully, and cautiously separated from a host of others. No formal act, no fierce discussion, marked the action of the Church ; but its inner consciousness, silent and in visible, worked upon by the promised indwelling Spirit of the ascended Christ, was the only guide.'' But we have, in all this, the very fulfil ment of the promise that He would be with His Church to the end of the world, as He is with it ' still, in spite of its distraction, unbelief, and worldliness. And as our Lord Himself had given no hint of a coming New Testament in'this commission or before, so also nowhere in the New Testament itself is any claim set up as if it were of itself a complete directorium, corresponding to the Leviticus of the Old Testament, from which the Church was to spring, instead of itself springing from the Church. The teaching of history is that before the Scriptures were by the Holy Spirit evolved from the Church, it was invested with its sacraments, and entrusted with the ' faith once delivered to the saints,' and was commanded to 'keep the ordinances and to hold the traditions as they had been delivered.' So wrote St. Paul twice to the Corinthians ; and again he enjoins the TheBsalonians to 'stand fast, and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word or our epistle' (2 Thes. ii. 15). Denying this, we not only lose the witness to many apostolic prac tices and truths which are but faintly discoverable in the New Testament, though their existence is taken for granted — such as the abrogation of the Jewish Sabbath, the observation of the; Lord's Day, the imposition of hands, the baptism of infants, the trans mission and perpetuity of the apostolic ministry, and the cardinal doctrine of our Lord's divinity — but we also deny the external authority upon which the New Testament itself rests. Having estab lished the basis upon which the authority of the writings of the New Testament depends, our own reformed branch of the Church Catholic proceeded to make those writings its grand standard and criterion. It is the forgetfulness of the great historic fact that the New ?Testament was evolved by the Holy Spirit from the Church already organised by Christ and His Apostles, that has led to much of the sad disintegration of modern times. The Church of England justifies her rejection at the Keformation of all those doctrines which had no foundation in the written Scriptures on which the light of primi tive witness has been thrown ; and for the same reason she protests against the innovations and presumptions of some mistaken people called ' Brethren,' and others, who defy the teachings of history, and by defying cannot fail in the end to promote by reaction the claims of the Church of Eome. To any thoughtful mind it must be clear that the truths which were learnt by men of the post- apostolic age, which percolated through that age from the apostles themselves with whom they had conversed, must throw more light upon the sacred writings which they collected than do the opinions and the private interpretations of a few people who meet together in this nineteenth century ; and it is to this ignorance of history, and the startling . assumption that the Holy Spirit is more likely to guide them than the primitive and undivided Church, that we owe the present un settlement of many youthful, earnest, but undisciplined minds. The creeds are at least authoritative expositions (whether infallible or not is another question) of the written Scriptures. If not this, then each man is bound to make his own creed. There is no alternative. Truth ceases to have any objective reality. It is a thing of chame leon colour, changing with changes of human fancy. It is our duty — and I would appeal to other Churches as well — to abide by the old paths ; to baptise men into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, ' called to be sons ;' and to warn our people against all limiting views and the blasphemy of re-baptising them into narrow communities, alienating from Himself and from each other those whom God has united. I have made these remarks in reference to persons who are unsettling other bodies as well as ourselves under the self-assumed title of 'Evangelists.' They produce no credentials of their calling, except their own inner witness. This may indeed fully satisfy them selves, but no sensible man can accept it on their own account, unless it be supported by external warrant. Before men are asked to desert their Church, and to break every link that binds them to the past, and to obey the voice of strangers, who bid them reveal to themselves their innermost experiences under the pain of anathema, surely they have a right to ask, ' What sign showest thou V in thus assuming a spiritual superiority over us. If such men come among us boldly to rebuke vice ; if they lift up their voice, and repeat the witness for God written in men's consciences before the foundations of Christianity and the Mosaic law ; if they can gather, though only from curiosity, into our town-halls the thoughtless young of both sexes who throng our streets, who, amidst the aboundings of iniquity, would dare to forbid them ? But when I see them defying every principle of order laid down in the New Testament, seizing the keys of Christ's kingdom, opening and shutting its gates, by a self-assumed v**' infallibility, then do I recognise the return of a most dangerous fanaticism.' On the subject of apostolic order, the Bishop proceeds : — 'I am not now insisting upon the question whether the voice of antiquity stamps with its seal Episcopal, Presbyterian, or Congrega tional order, or whether the Church was left in its wisdom to adapt such , order to altered circumstances of time and place ; but whether Christ ' did not fully organise His Church, and give it its commission, and entrust to it the deposit of the faith, even ' all things that He com manded,' and then promise to it a Paraclete, whom He would send to guide it into all necessary truth. I am insisting upon a duty prior to all others— that of faithfulness to the facts and lessons of history. - / This is our special duty as English Churchmen — to reject all doctrines V as necessary to salvation which do not find their warrant in Holy Scrip ture, as well as all those private interpretations which are not sup ported by the witness and creeds of primitive Christianity. And they are simple enough. The latter symbols, like the ' Athanasian Creed' I and the 'Thirty -nine Articles of Keligion' are valuable to theo logians as the records of ancient conflicts with heresy, conflicts ' that may return ; but what the mass of our people want is not .scientifiyj, theology. They need guidance and help in the great battle o$*mej comfort for its sorrows, motives for personal holiness. So long as we bring our appeals to the hearts and consciences of our . people from the cross of Christ, ' evidently set forth' to their ears in \ our preaching, and before their eyes in sacrament, the Holy Spirit / will proportionably bless our labours, and enable us to present them ' perfect in Him.' Our object is to make our people more loving, more pure, more obedient to divine law, in displaying the love, the purity, the obedience of Jesus Christ, by which we receive the atone ment, the blotting-out of transgressions, and the harmony between the soul and God. To enable us to do this was the object of the, commission which we bear from Christ. While He says to the flock — ' ?; ' Obey them that have the rule over you, as those who must give account for your souls,' and yet, ' prove all things,' He says to the pastors — ' Be ye examples to the flock, for the Son of Man is as a man taking a far journey, who left his. house and gave authority to his servants,* and to every man his worlt, and commanded the porter to watcli.' Let us exercise that authority with simplicity, perform that work with diligence, and watch with our loins girded and our lamps burning.' 