TEE AUSTRALIAN CUP AND NEWUARKET HANDICAP. Br Atoub. Although not possessing anything like the interest that is attached to the Sydney (Jnp, the Australian Cap and the Newmarket Handicap are undoubtedly the leading features of the Victorian turf world at the end of the season; and I don't re member any occasion when these particular events have been so fought with promise as they are this year. The entries are more numerous than usual, and Mr. Barnard has, I think, succeeded in apportioning the weights in a manner which should give satisfaction to most of those interested. Comparatively, perhaps, Swiveller is not well treated, and I can never see him in a race where he has to concede a stone to Savanaka, and 181b. to Colnmbns. It is to be regretted that First King was not en tered, for had he been he wonld certainly have been awarded the premier position, and probably Swiveller might have /been let down a little easier. The. son of Snowden, however, is very partial to a distance, of which we have more than once had ocular demonstration, and though he strikes me as being badly in, as compared .with two or three others, it is an .nndonbted fact that ftniniAla of Swiveller's claBS can afford to con cede a good deal of weight to the moderate division when they meet them over a two miles arid a quarter course. I'm afraid Richmond is a light of other d&yB;, and a return to his old form is ex ceedingly - problematical, the severe tasks that were set him at two and three years old having had the reverse of an ameliorating effect upon the once-brilliant son of Maribyr-. nong. Were he the Richmond of old, there world not he any necessity to search farther for the winner. Lord Harry's victories at Geeiong have not been lost sight of by Mr. Bamara, who has placed 'him upon a par with the .whilom champion, or, at allevenis, within a pound of him. Granting that he proved an undoubted clinker on the tumlrg of the Barwon, I doubt if he is capable of carrying the green and white banner of hiB owner to victory in the Australian Cup ; nor do I fancy Newtaiiutor at 8st 71b,, because ^hbveyettdpep wieson of The Marquis stay successMly tbttoend of a true-run face. Ti^pCariisoimofthemost symmetrical and course; Ifore^efc he ia a grand horae in to pipes, being wonderfully clear in his wind, bS unfort^iately he ; labours under the tor advantage -of "'a leg," which Circumstance nuitnuitete wuuit to«towe> iaiwauah as the amount of work he is compelled to undergo for such a contest will fina out auy weak point that may exist in hiB suspensory ligament or back tendon. Mr. Dakin, how ever, lives in hopes, and, after the trouble, and anxiety he has experienced, I trust that fortune may be kind, and enable him to bring the New Zealander to the post in his very best form, in the event of which I shall expect to see the handsome chesnut gain at least one of the situations, for I am satisfied he is a brilliant animal. In his own country he was. quite, the cock of the walk amongst the three year olds; and we've had convincing proof of the excellence of the New Zealand horses. Aconite, at 8st. 31b., I have no fond ness for, albeit if the distance were a mile and three quarters, he Would probably finish in the front rank. We have often seen what great things a three year old can accomplish at the back end of the season. Gasworks and First King each having carried 8st. 51b., and won the Australian Cup, while Richmond fairly romped home with 7st. 181b. upon his back. It remains to be seen whether Wel lington iB to follow in the footsteps of the above celebrities. From what I. can gather, the Champion winner haB trained light since he galloped home nearly a dozen lengths in front of Warlock and Bosworth. Tocal is a really good animal when in the humour, and he can Btay too. At 7Bt. 121b. 1 think he is wonderfully well in, and if he be nicely ridden I shall not be surprised to see him run well forward. Burwood has not been ill used, for it must be remembered that he never gave his Tattersall's Gup opponents the 'ghost of a chance, but I prefer Columbus at a pound less—in fact, there is nothing in the handicap that I like better than this fine son of Smuggler, whose Geelong performances I don't consider for a moment, Le Loup is a non-performer, never having appeared in public, and if he were anything like a good one what a rare show he ought to have at 8st. He is full brother to the famous Lur line, but that he will ever prove as good an animal is open to question. He has a nasty knack of cutting one of his elbows while galloping, especially when doing fast work, and, consequently, he may not see the post. Bosworth does not receive much consideration for his Champion defeat, as he is handicapped only 41b. below Wel lington, who gave him quite a 101b. beating on New Year's Day; yet I should like Bosworth's chance if he were quite cherry ripe when he faces Mr. Watson. Savanaka has lib. taken off his Geelong Cap weight; hut there Beems to be such uncertainty sur rounding this animal that one cannot venture an opinion respecting the probabilities of his success. Some people imagine that he haB lost his form, but I'm not one of these, and should he be thoroughly wound np for this Australian Cup, he will give a good account of himself. Although he did not run into a place for the Geelong Cup, he did not disgrace himself, and as he is partial to a distance of ground, we may Bee him in the van when the Australian Cup is decided. Lockleys has been treated with greater leniency than usual, though not more so than he deserved ; for he has not proved himself more than 41b. or 51b. better than Glenormiston, and at 7st. 81b. he is fairly well in. Rapidity, at lib. less, should have a show if he can stay the distance, and I may say the same of Sussex,who wasnot within pounds of his best form at Geelong, nor was Warlock, who looks well enough upon paper at 7st. 61b. Spark is remarkably well in at 7st. 51b., and his former stable companion, Levant, who won the Hotham Handicap so easily, is handicapped at the same weight. Glenormiston reads as well as anything at 7st. 41b., a weight that he is completely master of. When he won the Adelaide Cup he carried exactly the same weight, Lock leys, who was third, having 51b. more, but when they met at a difference of a pound only in the Birthday Handicap, the latter easily turned the tables. Melita must have done something out of the common to re ceive the support she did for the last Mel bourne Cup, and the style in which she won the Oaks no doubt proved her a good filly, but she is not. 1 think, a reliable animal, and I like much better that fine colt Napper Tandy, who should certainly pay as a visit, seeing that he is well treated in both handicaps. Neckersgat is a horse that has been going to do something for years, but has never done it yet, though no exception can be taken to his weightthis time. Nerissais one of the best fillies we have, and an improving one too, and I see no reason why she should not emulate her sister Sibyl, and place this good-stake to her owner's credit. She ran very forward-in the Champion Stakes for more than two miles, and finished fourth, improving upon this form by defeating War lock at Geelong a few days ago. Too much importance must not be attached to the last victory, for Warlock was not himself, having had hut little work since his Champion ven ture ; still the filly has at other times proved her excellence, and atGst. 121b. she is treated better than Bne deserved. Nina, who is by Panic from Hester Grazebrook, is decidedly the best of the family; runs honestly, ana stays better than most people think. Mr. Barnard has not crushed her with weight, and if Japan be anything like a racehorse he should nave a look-in at 6Bt. 121b.; so should Nunnykirk at fist. 91b. Roland has done nothing of consequence since he. ran so well last autumn, so that it is difficult to say whether he retains his form. Bordeaux is bound to improve with time, and' descending as he does from a capital staying family, 1 don't see why he shoald not have a chance at 6at. 8lb. Kingston and Murrabinna are two South Australians that have neveryet distinguished themselves, and Kinsman is the good-looking Yattendon home that won the Wangaratta handicaps a short time 'ago. He comes from a rattiing good family, Aroma, Friendless, Aconite, and Goongoola being members thereof; and at fist. 61b. he is literally thrown in. Earl of Maf, a full brother to Filibuster, is not badly.in at a pound less, and Mr. Cox cannot desire to have less than fist on The King. Miss Whiffler is a promising relation of the celebrated Southern Cross, and she has but fist. Coventry's Geelong performance was Anything but creditable, but Zambesi ran like a good colt in the Geelong Handicap, and with est 121b.up heoughttobe able to set .the field a capital pace for the first Hqif 0f the' distance. Crichton should he more at home over the Newmarket Handicap course, bnt Marshall la a rare stayer, and a rare-bred one too. To sum up, I think the best in ore Tocal, Columbus, Bosworth, Savanaka,' Lockleys, Sussex,' Spark, Glenormiston, ' Napper Tandy! Nerissa, Kinsman, The King and Marshall, and of these 1 like Savaitaka and Lookxetb best. 1 Ralph Leigh, who has improved into one of the most brilliant animals in the has ' been awarded the post of honour in the New-! market Handicap, a position which he is fajriy entailed to. for over six furlongs there pro jfsiTbstter than the son of Stockbam. Newi^lnster, &t; 9sfc, should carry the blUS diston6s, «nd Lord Harry, Tom Kirk, and Addnite have all been nicely handicapped, i ftaal {swell inat8»t. 91b., andotthose im weqiwely hchm hiv, Expectation ii perhaps the most leniently handicapped, as she is A very brilliant animal. Can-vine Sat ioiu she won the Flying Handicap at the LJl': held m honour of Sir Hercules RobiiS^ all events, the judge placed her first. alLii everybody ebe thought she was beaten quite half a length, and an English iriend of mint who was present declares she was not -evAn ^ second. Retribution soon followed for it the Newcastle races a week later ExoecteHnT,, carried 8st. 121b. and cameinfitat by for the Shorts Handicap., but the jud^ awarded the race toCainelha, and those who . had taken 6 to 4 about Expectation were ' wroth indeed. They don't seem to be trood at judging in New South Wales ; for f re member Ragpicker winning a race by a neck.' and the judge recording a4dehdheat, a fatal verdict to the Victorianhlly. as she was beaten in the run-off. Expectation with 8st 51b then, must be very favourably- handicapped}. „ Wellington 1 prefer over a longer course, but Bos worth, Savanaka, and Lady Ellen are all >• put together nicely. Lady Ellen, it will be • remembered, carried 6st 51b. as a three year > old, and won this race very cleverly. DarriweU has quite his full complementer weight, but .Napper Tandy, who carried tot 101b. in the • Flying Handicap when Expectation was placed first now' meets the mare on 41b. ■■ better termB, and to me he seems to be one of the best things of the handicap. He is a great colt over thiB particular fliafamce. ■ fact, I think he is good over all courses. I don't forget how Be carried 9flfc and won the Membera Handicap at the A.J.C. Spring ' Meeting, running the mile and a quarter in 2m. 15Js. Nina's performance at Geelong was above mediocrity, and at 7st. 1Mb. she must be one of the dangerous lot: so should i Herschel; and Jokes, at 7sfc 111b., looks a real good thing, for he is a briUiant animal, and the weight be has been allotted should ' induce Mr. Mitchell to visit Flemington again. Sussex is not harshly treated at7st 101b., and Quambone, who is full brother to Napper Tandy, and a year older, should have a snow at 7sfc. 91b. He has started but once, in lbs! Midsummer Handicap, when he showed' plenty of speed, but hanging in towards the rails, his jockey was compelled to pull Urn up. The Hook, Nerissa, and Japan are all leniently handicapped, and Rifleman, it is said, is a speedy animal of New South Wales, I think Trump Yoss is wonderfully well in, at 7st. 61b., and as Zambesi displayed a rare turn of speed at Geelong, his owner cannot grumble at 7st. 41b. The Rake is a son of Maribymong, and in Queensland has shown excellent form, so that Mr. W. Forrester had a good third string to his bow, and of those below him I like nothing so well as Lexicon,. Crichton, Fleetwing, and Hotspur: but if I had to choose a quintette from which I think the winner ought to spring, I should select Expectation, Napper Tandy, Trump Yoss, Nerissa, and Fleetwing. 