: tales mo sfcrr«s, VIXEN : ' A NEW NOVEL, - J. :' .. . ' . , ; / BY MISS M. B. BEAMJON. ; ; ; A'tohor or " La'mr AimriBX'ff Baoanr Sea. OUAPTBUXX: VEII. — PiDiNO'tirMuBro. "Mrs. Winstanloy, on her' maxriagoi bytho -Dtteliesa of Dovedale," .; \- That was the senfconce wliich went on repeat ing itself like a cabalistic: formula in- Pamela ; Winstanley's Tniudp.as ber carriiige drove through tho dark silont woods to Ashbourne on. the last niglit of the year, A small idea had takon possession of her small mind. Tiio Duchess was tho fittest- person to pro- -eent hor to her gracious mistress; dr bur gracious mistress's rei»reaeutativo, at tlie first- drawing- room of - the- coming season. Mrs. Winstanloy hod old friends, friends wlio liad: known her in hor girlhood, who would have-bcon happy to un dertake tho oflico. Captain Winstanloy Had an \- ancient female relative, living in a fossil siateat ; Hampton Court,-' and vaguely spoken of as ." a connection;": whn would- willingly ouierge from licr aristocratic hcrnritage- to present '- Hop kins man's brideto her sovereign, and whom tlie Gap- tain deemed' the proper sponsor for his wife on 'that'solemn occasion. But what social' value had a fossilised Lady Susan Wiristanley, Of -whom an "outside world knew nothing, when' weighed in "the balance with thc Duchess of Barvcdalb? No ; 1 Mrs. Winstanloy felt that' to be presented by the Duchess- was tho ono thing lnocdfnl- to her 'happiness; It was a dlhner of tliirty pe'0ple ;qaito estate J dinner. Tlie finest and i»c wcst crrcliids- had been . brought out of their housos, and the dinner-table looked like a tropical' forest in little. Vuren went in to dinncf witli Lord'Bllangowan, which was an unappreciated honor, as that nobleman hod very 'little to say for himself,' except under extreme ' pressure, and in his1 normal stato could only smile ' and look' gobd-natured. Roderiik Vawdrcy was ever so far away; between his betrothed and an ; cnormbus dbwager in skyihluij velvet' aAd dia- :mondbi ' ; After dihnor thero w music. Lady Mabpl . played a dreary ininor melody,, cliiefly remarkablo nfor its dplicito modulation from, sharps, to; flats and : back' again; - A largo gonticman- san® an Italian bnffo -'song; at;whicfi' the tom'pany smiled tepidly a small young , lady sighed, and lan guished through " None vet" ;,and thoa Mim ...Tempest and Lord Mallow sang til duet.. \- This, was the success, of the erven ing. They wcre asked to sing again and : Again. They wofe ' allowed to monopolise tho piano j and1 before the evening, was over everyone bad docided that Lord Mallow and, Miss Tempest wore engaged. . Only 1 tho voices-of pliglitcd Io»ora i»uId Ua oxpeetdd to harmonise as well 33 that. I " They must iiavc sung. very oftc'ii together/'! , said the Duchcas to Mrs. Wiustanley. \- " Only within tbe last fbrtniglit. Lord Mai- : \- low never stayed with ua-beforO, you know. Ho!; ; Ls ray husband's friemd.' Thoy ware brothor- , officers,, and' have known oacfi other a Ion"> -timb, Lord Mallow insiata upon- Violet pinging' .bcdbysperiaPiuxangomBwtthtlioanUior.! Au rights reserved; : , , cyery cyenihg.: He, . pas8ronatc1& mio»c.-)(. . "" " V- ! ttio.Buehess. dp- ; preymgly-; and'thon'sKo glided 'oh. to shod "the '(lnsfiiria of Tier preacbco upon anothou group- of V '. ' .' / Vcgah to bo annonncoJ at cloven— tt'/is tp eay about haK an hour aftor tho . gdnidcinoh .ad'i Ifelt. the dining-room — but' the Ovfya -JhsjStcd . 'that, people should stop tiltv twolve. . - . " Wo must soo the old year out," he said! N ft is a lovely night. , Wo can go out oh;lho torraco and hear the Rihgwood hoUs." This is how Violetand Lord Mallow happchod to sing so liiany ducts. There wa&plenty; of timo for music .daring tlio hour before midnight. After the singing, a rash young, gentleman, pining to distinguish himself. somehow— a yciung man with a pimply complexion, who had said with Don Carlos, (""Thrce-and-twenty years of ago, and no thing done for immortality "—recitod Tonnyson's Farewell to the Old Year, in a voice which was like anything but a trumpet, and with 'gestic ulation. painfully suggcativo of Saint Vitus. Tho long auito of room3 terminated iu an orangery,,a substantial stone building with tesso- ratcd pavement, and wido windows opening on th'o' terrace. Tho night was wondrously mild. The full' moon shed her tender light upon tho dark Forest, the shining wator-pools,, the distant blackness of a group of ancient yew-trees on tbe crest of a MIL' Ashbourne stood high, and tho view from the lerruco was at all times mag nificent, ' but perhaps finest' of all in tho moon- tfgbtl The younger guests wandered softly in and ont bf'the rooms, and rooked at the golden oranges glimmering against. their dark leaves, and put themselves into positions thatsuggested tho possi bility of flirtation. Young ladies .whose study of German- literature had novcr gone beyond Ollen dorff 'gazed pensively at the oranges, andmnr- iqurcd the song of Mignon. Couples of maturor growth whispered the details of unsavory scan dals behind perfumed fans. ' Vixen and Rorio were among theso roving couples. Violet had loft the piano, and Roderick was off duty. Lady Mabel and Lord Mallow were dbep in tho wrongs of Ireland. Captain Wlnstanley.' was talking agriculture with tho Duke, whose mind was sorely exercised about piano. ; '"" ' _ " My dear sir, in a fow years we shall hava used up all tho guano, and then what can be- toihe of lis ?" 'demanded the Duke. "Talkabout : our exhausting our coal t What is that compared with the. exhaustion of guano ? Wo may' learn to exist without fires. Our win tors are becoming milder'; our young men arogoing in for athletics ; thoy can keep themselves warm upon bicyles. "And th'cn -wo have the gigantic coal-fields of Ame- Hca, tlie vast Liisin of the Mississippi to fall back' upon, with over- increasing facilities in the mode of transport But oivilisatiort must come to a dbadlpck wlien,' wo have no mure piano. Our grass, our turnips, our mangel; must deteriorate. We' shall 'have no more prize cattle. It is too itecvfuT tifcoritempteta"' , , " But do . ypu roatiy consider' subli a cala- tnity at all prob'ablo, Duko T " nskod' tlie Cap- tain. . , .„ f ' " Erohabte, sir 7 It Is inevitable! In 1868 the Chincba Islands woro estimated to contain about 'Six-million ' tons of'guattb. Tho rsJo of export ation hadr at that time risen to four hundred tons per annum. At this rate the three islands will bo completely exhausted by tho year 1883, and England will .hava to exist without guano. The glory of the: English people, as breeders of prize oxen-, will havo departed." " Chemistry will liavo discovered new fertili sers by. tbat time," suggested the Captain, in a comforting tono, "Sir," replied tho Dnko severely, " the dis coveries of modern scicnco tend to tho cliimorical rather than practical. Yonr modorn scientists can liquefy oxygen, they can light a city with electricity, but they cannot give rac anything to increaso tho sizo and succulcnco of my turnips. Virgil knew as much about agriculture as your modern chemist" Whilo tho Dnko was holding forth about guano, Vixen and Rorio were on the terrace, (n tho still ness and moonlight Tlioro was hardly a breath of wind. It might. havo been a summer ovening. Vixen was shrouded from head to foot in a whito cloak which Rorio h'ud fetched from tho room where tlio ladies, had. :loft their wraps. She looked all wliito and splomn in the moonlight liko a sheeted ghost. ' Altliongh Mr. Vawdrey had boon civil enough to go in' quest of: Violet's cloak, and had seemed especially desirous of bringing her to tho torraco, ho was by noiihoans dolightfnl now ho bad got her there. Thoy took a torn or two in uilenco, broken only by a brief remark about tlie beauty of the night, and the extent of tlio prospect, " I think it is tho finest view, in tho Forest," said Vixen,, dwelling on tho subject for lack of anything olso to aay. " You must be vory fond of Ashbonnie.".- " I don't exactly reoogniso tho necessity. Tho view isBUpcrb, no donbt ; but the house is fright fully common plaoo. It is a littlo hotter ttnw Briarwood. That ia about all which an enthusi astic admirer could advanco in its favor. How < much Inngor docs Lord: Mallow mean to take up his abode with you?!' Vixen shrugged her cloaked shoulders with on action that Boomed toexprcssicoritemptnous care- Tcssncss. . i; " I haven't thbd6ast IdiSa..- That is no business j of mine; ybu knirw." " I don't know anything. of 'the kind," retorted Rorio captiously. "I should havo thought it , was very much your business." " Should you really? " said Vixen mockingly. . If ' the. gentlemen's temper was cxecrablo, tho lady's mood was not too amiable. " Yes.. Are not you tlio lodc-skir ? It U your prosoncc that makes the Abbey Houso pleasant ! to him. -Who-can. wondor that ho protracts his stay?". . " He has been with us a little moro lhan a fort night,,", " lie has been with you an ago. Mortals who . are taken up to Paradise seldom stay so long. ..Sweet drqamanro not so long. A fortnight in tho same house with you, mcetiug with you at brcak- . fast, parting. with you at midnight,, coping you at noontide and afternoon, walking, with you, riding wfEh jmu/ sTnjrig ith you,nfoeb1ihg 3qn j family prayo/at.qur sido, mixing ."his TAmfe/ iritli yours /why no rnight aswcfl bo your 'huik band at onco. Go has as inuch ilol ighl iu ybuf society." . " ' ' " Yon forget tho hours in wliicli ho is ehoolinj|' pheasants and playing billiards." "Glimiiscsof purgatory, which makes his'Thefti ven all tlio more divine," saidltorie. " Weil, 41 is none of my business, as yOH fciit jiist'.imw./ There are pcOplo born to bo Iiaiifiy. I snppbsa l" icreaturos that oomointo the world under .vt'ucky' ister." ,- . ' ' . | " Undoubtedly, and among/them notably' Ml. ;" I Vawdrey, whobas ovcrytliing that tho heart' of fi reasonable man can wish." ( So had 'Solomon, and yet ho had hismoan."1 f "Oh,- thero is always a crumpled roselcaf U" joverybody's bed. And if tho rose-Icave-; were eS Ismooth, a man would crumple ono on pi -pose, k(/ jorder to have somothing to grumble abou . . Horlq | Rorio !" cried Vixen, with a sudden change a 'tone, ns the first silvery chime of Ringwood belli ' icnme floating over tho woodland distance— thf low moonlit hills; "don't bo cross. Tho'old jycar is dying. Remember tho days that are gone I when you and I used to think a now year a thing j to- bo glad about. And now what can the now (years bring us half so good as that which tho old ' ; ones havo takon away?" | Sho had slipped her littlo gloved hand through' | his armband drawn very near to him, moved by ' tondcr thoughts of tho past. Ho looked down at iher with oyes from which all anger bad vanished. There was only lovo in them — deep lOvo ; tova such as a very affectionate brother might per chance giro bis only sister— but it mnst be owned, that brothers capahlo of such lovo are rare. ' - ;- "No, child," liemnrrourcd sadly. " Years to como can bring u3 nothing so good or so dbar 'aa the past. livery now year will drift us farther." They were standing at the oml of tho terrace farthest' from the orangery windows, out pf 'which tho Duchess and her visitors came trooping to hear tho Ringwood cliimes. Rorio and Vixcn. kept quite apart from tho rest. Ttioy Btood' silent, ann-in-arm, looking across tho landscape towards the winding Avon and tho qniofc raiirkot. town, hidden from tliem by intervening hills.; Yonder, nestling among tho30 grassy bills, fies' Moylcs Court, tho good old English raanor-honsa - where noblo Alico Lisle sheltered the fngitiveii from Scdgomoor; paying for that ono . act of womanly hospitality with her life. Farther away;' on tho banks of the Avon, is the quiet churchyard whore that genllo martyr of Jeffreys' lust, fir blood takes her long rcBt. Tlio creeping spleen'-; wort thrives amidst tho gray Btoncs of her toteh.' To Vixen thoso things were so familiar that it was as if she could boo them with her bodily oyes, as sho looked across tho distance, with' its mysterious shadows, its patches Of sliver' tight, - Tho bells chimed on with -their lender cadenoo, half joyous, luilf sorrowful. Tho shallower spirits, among the guests chattered about the beauty ol the night, and tho sweetness of the bells; Deepel souls. were silent, full of saddest thoughts.' Whs is there who has not lost something in tho yeanf gono by, which earth's longest fature cannot restore? Only ctomity can givo back tho ravi ished treasures of the doad years. Violet's lips trembled and wore dumb. Rodetv ick saw tho tears rolling down tier pale cheeks,' . and offered no word of consolation. Ho knew sho was thinking of hor father. "Dear old squire," he murmured gently, aftef an interval of silonco. " How good he wastoxno, and how fondly I loved him." . That speech was tho sweetest conifort ho could have offered. Vixen gavo his arm a grate ful hug. ' "Thank God there is somoouo who remembers him, besides his dogs and mo I" she exclaimed and then sho hastily dried hor tears, and made herself ready to meot Lord Mallow and Lady Mabel Ashbonrno, who wore coming along tho tcrraco towards them, talking gaily. Lord Mallow had a much widor rango of subjects' than Mr. Vawdrey. IIo liad read more, and coold keep pace with Lady Mabel in her highest flights f scicnco, literature, politics, were all as ono to him. He had crammed his vigorous young mind with evorything which it behoved a man panting for parliamentary distinction to know. " Whcro liavoyou two people been biding. yottr' selves for the last half hour ?" asked Lady MaboL' "You wcro wanted badly just now for 'Blow/ Gontlo Gales.' I know you can manago tho bass; Rorio, if you liko." " Lo, heboid a pennant waving I" Sang Rorio in deep full tones. " Yes, I can manago that much at a push. Yon soem music mad to-night; MaboL Tho old year is making a b wan -liko end — fading in mnsic." Rorio and Vixen woro still standing ann-in- arm ; rather too muck as if they belonged to each other, lady Mabel thought. Tho attitude WM hardly in good taste, according to- Lady" Mabel's law of tasto, which was a codo as- strict as Draco's The bells tang on. "Tho now year has como! cried the Duk» "Let us all shako hands, in tho friendly German fashion." . > ; . , . On this thero was a gcnoral sbakiug of hand which appeared to - last a long timo.- It seemed rather as if tho young people of opposite sexel shook hands with each other more than Onto/ Lord Mallow would hardly let Violet's band go, onco having it in his hearty grasp. . . - ' " Hail to tbe first now year wo great together, ho said softly, ' May it not bp tho test. I flipl .that it-must not, cannot bo tho last." " You are wiser than I, then," Vixen anturertl' -.coldly ; "for my footings toll mo nothing .ibnnl : tho future— oxcopt"— and hero hor facd at Mm with a lovely smilo— ' "except that-yofl will bo kind to bullfinch." "If I were an emperor _I would make Lima consul," answered the Irishman. " A IIo bad contrived to separate Roderick and : Vixen. Tho young man had returned to his' alia/ giance, and wruj escorting Lady Mabel back to tho houso. Everybody began to feel chilly, now -.that tho bells were silent, and there was agctiond . harrying off to tbo carriages, which were standing in an oval ring round agroop of doodorosin front of tho porch on tho other sido of the house. Rorio and Vixon mot no mere that night : Lord Mallow took her to hor carriage, and sat bpposite Imri&dialkcdto; her daring the homeward drive, explain Wiristariley was smoking a cjgar on the Mgr.'.' His ifrife sluriiberc'd peacefully. J think I may be satisfied with Theodore," the said, as she composed herself for sleep ; " my - dfess was not Quite the worst in the room, was it, Violet". ... R was lovely mamma. You can mako your self fluite'happy," answered Vixen truthfully; whereupon the matron breathed gentle sigh of . " content, and lapsed into slumber. : !Thcy 'had the Boldre'wood road before them, si long; hilly road, cleaving the very heart of. tho Fgrpst ; a road full of ghosts at the best of times,, but offering a Walpurgis revel of phantoms on , «uch anight as this to the eye of the bolat wan derer. How ghostly the deer were, as they skim med across the road and flitted away . into dim distances, mixing with ..and melting into , the , shadows of the trees. . The little gray rabbits,, sitting up on end, were lik.c circles of hobgoblins ; that, .dispersed and vanished at tho approach of mortals. . The leafless old hawthorns, rugged and q«okcd,< silvered by the moonlight, were most ; ghostlike of all. They took every form, from the most Unearthly to the most grotesquely human. .YioletiSat wrapped in her furred white mantle,; watcluug the road as intently, as if she had never , seen it before. She ncver-oould grow tiredof these things.., She loved them with a love , which was part Other nat.urp.:i, .. . . .... jJI'.Yifia t a . delightful evening, was,. it't not!", BskedLord MalloWi Y "jsuPPOsq.it was very nice," answered V?plp,V eoolly';, " hut 1 have no standard of ., comparison. , Itt was myliratdirincr at Ashbournm" . , ''What a remarkably jelcver, girl My-Mabelis. , Mr. Vawdrey ought to consider himssjf extremely, fortunate." . 'VK-KV.!" "I liaye never heard him say .that; he docs not, bo consider himself." , ... V(„, ...... ,; j . " Naturally. But; I think, be- ariight be a little mbfe enthusiastic.; He is the coolest lover I ever. 'it '(, .- y'r. if ''hue .it-tiad >>U , J'jPeijiaps you judge lim bcomparison with; .frilpycrs. Your, natiojiB. more dcinonsirdiive: . tpurs)". ,T i girl .&«$ cashier : pucka follow; as iMfr.,; , Vawdrey. . But ; Inay, possibly misjudge, him. Youtought to kiipw more, about hini than J, You have known kim-V, ?.,<!('.' -h'iioJ? i .ii . -. ' AU.my life," said.jViol< simply. ' I know . tat. ..fib ..ia,- good aiKeh'.ad.trae>;i'tli& he honori.. his another, .and /that hio wiil3 Jnake lady .Mabel, .Ashbourne a very, good .husband., Yc?h"ap|, if slip were ,a , little Jess clqver and;a little if' Wore ; Jmriiaii, .die .might, be linppier |wtti her, ; , but no doubt that .,|Wili come all rghtjia Any way it will be all the. same in a century ot.eo,'1 assented Lord Mallow. , " We are going to, . kayo .lovely weather- as long as this.mcon laste,; t believe. "Will you go for a long ride to-mon;o.w rriiko that fust ride ofioujs,?" -jf"' . i.'f When, I- took youvaB, pvcr.ithp (.world for. sport;?', said , Vixen laughing; ., '.' I, .'.wppder you tnjejnclined.to trust mo, aft/qp. that.,. If Captain Wiflstanloy likes I don't mind, being, -your , .guido Bgaiaj'tft-morroV-"!: » : .m(, nil! MWUU ri ta'w.Captain- Wilistanjey shall like.' ..'I'lbangwor (or. jhat; ; I would; ipake, his life unendurable jf . ;he werb to refuse." .'r i;.t. :):i K,i.w nt u,Ui yo.n jTHUaMpoy- M ' i. Llespito! tlio glorious inoonlight'.'ni'ght.Twliicli ! ushered in the new-born yoalrj- the first dhy bfithat ! yckriwahaboihinableijia day of hopelras; inces&ait; ! rain, falling from ,a leadcii sky dn which thoro .was never a break, not dstray leam of.sunshine'lrom ' mpi», till, eve.1 'V,<; . oiU ; JciiV .yiV.The now ychr is likBh'akspeare's tHichafd; said Lord Mallow, when he stood in tljo poifch pftcpr breakhist, surveying.thc hbrizoii. Tetchy jind,, wayward, washisinfancy.' Ifnever experienced wyiki'lg so provoking.; J wits dreamingiall' night of-.pYr ride!".-. 1. v . tJ'j Wcro yoiiiiiot afraid, of, bc-ipgdikcthat drcad ftd'manriu ' Locksley llillf;?— . it jciiiiuv! .ild <: ;.i" Likc 'a'ilog, iliehuiits in 'dreams,'.' ; r. BBkdiE Vixchmocklngly.' ' ' ' .vbwiiV ' cSho -waistohdihg 'oitthethreshbkl,' plnyitfg witfi Argus, Jooking the picture of h'ealthful:ljca'uty, -:iri j hor a dark :grccn cloth i drcs.S :jnnd ; plain linen ' Itollar. 'All Vixen's morhing' costumes ' were' of 'the ! simplest and neatest;1 a : compact stylobf drbss ' which interfered with llonef.'her ritrkl 'aifiuse- mehtsi : Slic could romp ; with her 'dog; mitke'lter-; round of the stables, work iii the garden ramble j In tlie Forest, without fear of dilapidated flounces j or dishevelled laccs and ribbons. j i 'Violet's inorihng-clfcs$<» 'aro'-'W dreadfully i Btrbng-minded," complained MfsJ'Winstahloy; j "To look 'at her, one would almost think thafrhlie was thp kind of girl to go younil the cbuntry'lec- ! taring upon -woman's rights."-" 1 jv-i /»;). - -< ?.«No ride this" morning,"' said Captaih Win- stanley,' coming into' "thb hall; with a linndlo of letters in his hand. " I shall go to my den and (lo amorning'sr lbttbr-writmg atid ; accountancy— un- ! less' yon -want me for a shy at the pheasants i Mallow." ...<: .. , ! " Let the pheasants be at rest for the first day j of -the ycarj"' answered Lord' Mallow. 'ami sure' you : would rather' be ' fetching up your' arrears of correspondence than shootirig'at'de-; jeeted birds in :a 'damp plantation ; and I am« . . . luxurious enough to prefer staying indoora/if -ihe' ladies 'will have me. I can help Miss Tem'pestto: wind her wools.' ; ' ' .» > »' s.'w.'iL j ."'Thanks-,' but I never ; do any wool-work. ! Mamma is the artist in that line." '' ' ' . -if "./"Then I place myself unreservedly atl Mrs.) YYinstanley'sfect." .'. lie. j "You are too good," sighed the fairmatrbri,| from her ann-chair byl the' hearth ; but I shall; toot- touch nay crewel? to- day.' ' I'have one of my! Borvous hcoHich'cs. It is" a penalty I too often! hive to payjfor tho' 'pleasures' of kbcicty. :I'm afraid I glial) have to lie down for an hour or1 two." \<K V- - "I''- :V.' i . And with a languid - sigla - Mrs. "Winstanlcy; knapped hcf'China crape 'sliawb round herand went : slowly Uiostairs, ' leaving Violet - and- Lord; 'Mallbor in ' sola possession of the great btik-; jpaheilcd hall ; tho laily looking at tho rain from! her fay orite perch 11 tlae . decp avindow-ioat, the1 genrieouaneon toon plating, the- pamo-prospect'froin! the a open door. Jf wae;-one of tlios'e 'iniblj winter'. »ongs;i what .a-hu.wo.;firbid»?ai diebrful feature intlie scene/ but- hardly essential; to-eomfmrt..'. -- , . .. ,.r-i ... 'Viken 'thought of that" long rainy 'day/ yeahs' .ago, the day .on hjich. Rodericii'' YaT?AroY. ! of e.s,,'Hoiw;' 'aycll ' sho; 'rjbiemhaEed 'sitting in i that very wiudo'w, watching the ceaseless rain, j with a chilly sense of .haying been forgotten and i neglected by her old companion. And then, in ' tho gloaming, just when she' hod lost all hope of < seeing him, He had come leaping Jn but of tiio,wct ! night, like a lion j rom his lair, 'and had token her i iin'his ariiis and kissed her before she knew what ;ho. was, doing. . , '..' '" j Her pheeks crimsoned' eyen' to-day , at the memory of that kiss. It had scembd-a small thing' ; !then. -Now it seemed awfub-a burning spot of iBhame njaon the tvlaitciaess of herybutin' . , I ; i'Ho mai'!hkye t|hbught.i '.was vory fond of ihim,' w.be'wiihaye dared" to' 'treat nae so,'" she told liereeif. ''qt;'en'jB'had.kera'''i>la:i'i fellOjWSsd'ibng. , I"had, teasbd''.liaan' and! he had 1 plaoied "mp and Wc had beep, rcudly liko .brother ; ,'aiid sister! , " Poor! '"BoYie-,!< If wo; could'J'bavp j always fecen 'ybung we shoUli! iaKve been, better, jfyiends! ! ' j"'.,:;;'"/ ' , ' j " Hbw thoughtful you ' sccm ' thia mbraung, Miss Tempest, ''''said voice" .behind .Vixen's shoulder;. ! „fi ! . " Do i!?" she :'askbd,' Jting'qmokly ronndV " Ncw'Yea!r's';day is a tiiric'tb make one tkbught- ;fui:;';it; .is' rater(ih' the I 1 volume of jifb,', and one canno$'lieip spee'ixlating i cbii is/ta be,!«flb>pui. '' ' ( ' : , "jiFor you it'oiight be a,!story full of happi- f » w?" "vViV" if .V.V'." Ah, but you,dpn!t knoyymy histbry. I had such a Happy childhood/ ' , I drained my cup of bliss .before I was a woman ; and there is nothing left pr ine. hjit tho .drp,." and they— they are d« d,ashesi"v-'''t ,!lierc(!wasan intengity of ; bitterness in her tone that moved him bcyp'pd his power of self-control. !b)tab-..irjr'lpyplYi so deejily dear to him already;, she for whom life should be one sumiogipr sho shoiild giyo expression tartpd'bwlwahmpro ,iliah his pafience could hean ''-'-';;/ , '%, ' ! / V" . " ' !,y iolet, ,yoii must nob 'speaK thus ; yon wound me tp(the heart'. -. Oh, my ibve,'my loye, you w'cro tlae 'centore of joy and.' delight.', rief jshpuld'heycf touch you : sorrow, apd ;,.)9h9idjnuyhi'' .Comb , near you. fqu wd light." ! . ' . . " " " Don't 1" cried"! Vixen ,'veHemeaitly. " Oh, pray .don't., rIt is,rdi( vain— liscl'cm. . My lifo. ia marked out for moi , .Hb'one can' alter, it. Tray do aaot,lowcr yourself by one word more. You will be sorry-pa'ngry with yourself and me-aftar wardji! "!! ! ' ' " ! / ! .' isp fi!bd as tho stara. £ ' ! ' ; No mprl perhaps, Violbti.' ; . But Love can. Ljiyo is a god..,, . 0,h! my.Ungj.Lbaye learnt to lpyoyou dcarly\:and fondly in this littlo whilo, and.Lapean tb!wih'yoiL'!!;It,. s go, hard with modf d do not.alicpeed. ..Dcar.lpyo, if truth and constancy can copaaer fate; .fought to be able to win yon., Thmuis'np gne else, js.therb, Violet ?" ho asked falteringly, , with 'his eyes .upon her dop-n«ist;facev_ .Abuaningspot glowed , andfaded pn.her choek before she answered Inm. ! 1 ' Dan you .nat.sc'e hpjv; empty my life is sho asked with a Jaittcr laugh. J 'jljo, ; there isno one clse.j-. I Bta.fluitp. alqaapyf.i.ppatbitqolc myfather frojn,. one jiyour.j friciad ha?;.- rolabod me.;of my another. .-My. old playfeUpw,',Rqdea;ick Vawdrey, belongs, to- liig:.co9sin.;.,. I belong to nobody."; . ."tet mo'bavc ybuHheia, Vidlet.' Ah, if you know -how I would: cherish, you ! You should be ' loved so well that' jiou wouldr.faricy yourself tho centre of > ithb > universe,'.) and that all the planets revolvcd in thu tkies only, to' please you. .'Love, let me have you— priceless treasure 1 that others koibw.not howito value;;'. -Let iUe koop and guard you.",' -.niJ «: : ;.i ; :v. r- "il- jvouldnbt.wrong'yoil.isoimuchasto mdrry yoia -without loVingyou, an'd I.shall.novorlqvo any ; moro,?htaid--yixeri,v.\ivith a. sad steadfastness that was imore/.dispiriting;!than. the .most ..vehement ; protestation. " I.- ! iv V. ; "YVhynot?"' . ".!. ulo . "'Bc<Jause I:Bpebt all.injr, store' of -lbvo whilol , wks a child. l'.,.'Ilovcd.my father<-rahj'.I fcannot.tcll i ' you -how fooidly. rldonbtthink'thero are many : fathers ' who are loved ab he- wasi I J poured out all.my; treasures Vf 'affection at. iliis feet. I have no Jove left for a hu'sboindi" . ' ii oil" What,- Violet,- not l if jbur old friend Ro derick c Vawdrey were! pleading?' asked' Lord Mallow., ..1 ' .It. wa ah' unlucky speech. K Lord Mallow had had >;ai chance, .whicHahe.- had not,', that, speech >vou Id have' spoiled it; '. Violet started to her foet, her chocks! erimsdn, her eyes flashing. '-' It is shameful,' abominable of you to say such a'tliing 1" she cried; her voice trcmuloiis with in dignation. 1 I will never forgive you for that dastardly speech. Gome, Argus." . "> Shc:had mounted, the broad oak stairs with light swift foot' before Lord Mallow could apolo gise. He was tciribly crestfallen.' ' , ' " I was a brute;"' he muttered to himself. " But I hit the huU'B-ey'e. It is that fellow she' lovcsl Hard upon moj when I- ask for nothing but to ' be ' her ' slave and adore her all tho Vi days of my life. And I know' that Vfinstanley wbuld'.havo' been pleased- How lovciy she looked wheri she.was angry— her tawny . hair, gleaming' in the 'firelight, her great brown eyes flashing. Yes, >' it's; the Hampshire ! squire she cares for, and I'm out of it. I'll go and shoot - the pbeamnta,".' concluded Lord Mallow savagely.; " tlibSe beggars shall. hot- have it all ;their oa-n way.to.-day.,?. Ho wcnt off to gct hisgun,' in the worst humor i he had ever beeii in since he was a child and cried i for'the mdoia;- ' i;.-'. 1 He Speait the' whole day: in a yourig oak1 planta- ; tion, aaikle-dccp in oozy mud, moss, and dead fern, making havoc among the innocent' birds.- Ho was- in so bloodthirety a tcohper that he felt as if ho, could have shot a covey of - young bbildren, kid they come in his way, with all the ferocif-y of a rincderh-Heroih' '- n . " I lliink lVe spoiled VThistanlcy's coverts for! \- this year, at anj.rate," he said to himself,- - as ho' tramped hbmewards.:ih the e-l-'dafkness,- with' >aao email hazard of losing himself - ioa one of 'those- ghostlYplaoittitiens/- which -were aJI'okactly alike, , and in which i' jwrif might "walk all day long without mooting anything nearer humanity thafa a trespassing forqst pony that had l<gtpt afcnce in quest. pfmore sufficing food than the scauty hcrbj age of tho open woods. Lord Mallow -got" on better, tlian .might -have been expected.' He went east when he ouglit-.1 to have gone west, 'and found' himself in- Queen's Bower when he fancied himself in Grctnsm Wood ; but he did riot walk more than half-a-do&en; .miles out of his way, . .arid, lab got. Lome somehow at last, which was much for a stranger to the gronndL ,!'t ; ' ' ' ''" "'! 