Local and General. Publications Rboeived.—The first number of the " N. S. W. Stamp Collector*! Magazine," a neatly got up, useful, little monthly magazine for stamp collectors. Toll-JJae Txokets.—In the Assembly, on Wednesday night, Mr. Lackey, in answer to Mr. Taylor, said that if persons travelling on the Great Western Boad obtained a ticket at the " Fox under tho Hill " ft would clear them through the toll-bar at Beckett's Bridge, the same being used at both gates on the same day. The Last Eemndeb.—Everybody who attended the concert at the Sohool of Arts on Monday evening had a recent event in Parramatta's history brought most vividly to mind on entering the building. To tho right of the stage, occupying a prominent position, was tho wing, on whioh was painted tne scene of John Grazebrook's smithy. This, as our readers will remember, is a portion of the sceneiy used in Tom Taylor's " An Unequal Match," recently produced by the P. D. S. It was thought that all reminders of this event were buried in the p ist, but this is one of tho things which, like Binquo's ghost, will not down. We are sure that this reminder was unconsciously placed before the audience, and that had the distress of mindnnder which the audienoe were suffering been known to the proper persons the scene would have been shifted. of Taade Masks.—A sue cessful case of prosecution of a piracy of trade marks has engaged the attention of the Magistrates at the Water Police Court, Sydney. The agents of Messrs. Larunan and Kemp, tho well-known manufacturer's of 'f Murray and Lttuman's Florida Water," a perfume having an enormous sale in all parts of the world, were the prosecutors, and Mr. James Clark, of 286 George-street, the defendant. There have been no less than twelve imitations of Murray and La-nmrn's Florida Water in the market. These imitations are as usual of an inferior quality, and their sale is of course prejudicial to the reputation of the genuine article. There were two charges against Mr. Clark of selling bottles bearing an imitation of the genuine label, to both of which he pleaded guilty, and in each case was fined' 2s, ttfe price of the bottle, 20s, and 6a 6d costs of Court; tho presiding Magistrate stating that had it not been for tne fact that the goods were sold by de. fondant's clerk the fine would have been £5. If such another case were brought before them the full penalty would bo inflicted. The labels in question did not bear the words " Murray and Lanman's Florida Water," but otherwise were colorable' imitations of Lanrnan and Kemp's duly registered trade mark. We nndeistand tJ other prosecutions are pending, ani that a Bill in Equity is being filedto cheok the improper trading that is going on, forwhich steps the Agents forthe sale of Murray and Laoman's Florida Water are deserving of eveiy encouragement and success.—Sydnty Morning Berate. Turning Street Corners.—One of the bye-laws adopted by the Council at its meeting on Monday forbids any rider or driver of a vehicle, when approaching or turning a street corner, to proceed at a higher rate of speed than a walk. It is to he hoped that when the amended bye-laws come into force, this one in particular will.be carried out to the letter. The total disregard of all rights belonging to pedestrians, by drivers, is notorious, ana instances are of very frequent occurrence where persons either meet with or barely esoape injury by reason of the reckless manner in which street corners are turned by a majority of drivers. Only the other day an instance came under our observation, where two gentlemen, conversing at a certain street corner, but who were not in tho least encroaching on the road, were almost run over by a vohide driven at a good rate of speed. There were two persons in the vehicle, and the one driving partially reined the home up on approaching; but the other, who perhaps thought he had full right to the street, footpath awl all, took hold of jthe reins and endeavoured, to guide the horse on' to the gentlemen attended to. We hope that. when" the amended bye-laws come into effeot, and a similar case should occur, the person or persons guilty thereof will be made an example . pf,. and driver? tataght. that the rights of pedestrians at streot-crosaihgs and comers cannot be disregarded with impunity. HOW to Keep Ioe in the Shjk-Eoom. ^r-Por those who have an abundant supply of ice this may not be a matter of iSuch interest; but for many jioor people; who may rarely use ice except in pase of sickness, and.to whom the expense ia not insignificant, the following hints, may be useful:—Cut a piece of flannel about nine inches square, and eeenre it by a ligature round the mouth of an intiituiry tumbler,, so as to - leave a oup- shaped depression r" flannel within - the tumbler to, about half iU depth- In the flannelcup so constructed pieces o'ice -may be' preserved many hours; au thb longer if a pieoe of flannel ; from four to'five inches square be used as a loose cover to the ico onp.. Cheap.flannel, with comparatively open mosses, ,is preferable, as the water easily drains through it, and the ioe ia thus kept dry. When good flannel with dose textare is * employed, a small hole ntust be made in- the bottom of the flannel cup, otherwise it holds tfye water and feciliates the pelting of the ice, which is, nevertheless, preserved much longer than in the naked cup or tumbler. In a tumbler containing a flannel cup, made as abovw described of choap, open flannel, it took ton hours and ten minutes to dissolve two ounces of ioe^whereas in a naked cup, under the same conditions, all tho ioe was gone in loss than three hours,. ;Aoooapwa to the Weser rZeituttg, the bridgi wor tBe fibine at Wessl is thejoueeit railway bridge on tbe Continent, It oomptuea W arches or openings. Qf these there axe four In ihe centre of the stream 313 feet wide, the leu oonridarable inoludlng 35 of 60 feet eaoh, 6 of 61 feet, 18 of 12 feet. 11 of SO feet, and of 30 feet The total length of the bridge or e A ^ A m & Z ™ 1 p a "> ^tbcrefon - i Railway ftmox^We have received n copy of the" B&ilwayGuide; for New South Wales," published by the Government 'Printing Office. It is certainly full: of very useful information ,4o railway travellers, „ visitors, tourists,' and others .who wish to bo informed as to the plkces of interest in' the neighbourhood bf the lineof rail way,'how to reach then^taid what accommodation :there is for visitors. It has numorous illustrations pfpicturesquesoenes, buildings..' and shows places some of whii^h ore nicely ^iecnted by photp-lithtumphy. It contains a paper by Mr. O. 6. Wilkiwkm, 'Gov. Geological Surveyor, L.S.; F.G.S., on (he geological formation of the Blue Maintains and some ably written,-' Bemarics on Ou Flora of the Blue MountaitfB," by Dr W. woolls, Ph.D., F.L.S., which- are profusely illustrated by specimens of flowers and ferns growing (here ; also an excellent description, acoompanied. by.a calonred plan, of. .the; Fish Eiver Caves, contributed by ifr. O. 8. Vilkineon. Altogether, the work is well jfrot up, both* literary ana typographical, and will be found an excellent oompanion to those who are bent upondoing.the "lions" of New 8outh Wales. Foot Baces.-—A match between W. Dunn of Parramatta, and Charles Boyal of Sonth Creek, for £26 a side, distance 176 yards, iookplaoe on the racecourse, Parramatta, on Wodnesday lart, Bt 6.0 p.m. ' Whto stripped, Dunn appeared to be in better condition than his opponent, and. seemed to be .fancied by a few or the local men; but the backers of Boyal stood game) and offered odds oh their main very freely. Both men took a walk on this course . (176 yards decidedly down hill), and Sunn winning the toBs had. choice of ground. After an exhibition of skill ,by .Dunn, a good start was made, Dunn taking the lead'for a few raids; but when opposite the grand stand Boyal was a yard ana a half ahoaa, and kept it to the finish, when . he won easily by about two yards.—On Thursday another race took place between Dunn and T. Thompson, of Pennant Hills,' for £10 aside, distance 160 yards. The odds Were again against Dunn; The flag dropped after a few false starts, but Dunn dropped bank, and the starter ruled "no star(." When they did get . away Dunn won by about six yards, much to the suiprise of many on both sides, it being almost a foregone conclusion that after (he previous day's beating he stood no chance against Thompson. Mr. B. Stokes, was starter, and Mr.. A. H. Ferris judge, in both cases. * Changed Hands.—P&yten;'e WOOLpad: Hotel changed hands during the first put of the week, Mr. Wehlow, of Sydney, being a purchaser for the sum of £6000. All Saints' Ohctbch.—We ere informed that the Bev. J. E. Bloomfield, being 'desirous of changing the position of the organ in his church, had a meeting of some of his parishioners in the schoolroom on Thursday evening, the 18th, to devise means for defraying the expenses attending the alteration, when the handsome sum of £60 waB promised those assembled. This must have been v§ry gratifying to the rev. incumbent, not only as an earnest towards meeting the liabilities, but showing the interest taken in the affairs of .the parish. The improvements to be made to the interior of the church will afford increased means of ventilation, which at present is not so great es it might be. The cost of "making the alterations will be abont £160, andthe residents of the parish will no doubt oome forward and subscribe the remainder of the sum to carry out the work.' 