NEWS OF THE DAY. fits attcndanco of visitors at the Garden Palace i «steadily maintained, and shows no sigus of decreasing The Art Gallery is now a centro of attraction, and after to-dny a record of the number of patrons of that pai t of the Exhibition will bo talton hy means of turn- stiles, through which visitors will havo to pass. A regulation bos also boen adopted requiring thom, when entering tho building', to leavo thoir sticks and umbrellas with the attendant, and it is proposed to make a charj-o of one ponny for taking caro of each article. A meeting of tho Exhibition Commission was hold yesterday afternoon, Sir John liny in the chair. Some discussion ensued relative to the nppointmont of judges, ead it appeared lo be the opinion of the Commissionois that the plan alrcidy agreed upon should bo adhered to, as any other might givo dissatisfaction to unsuccessful exhibitor?. Tho niattor was referred to tho Committee onjudt-iivj; anti awards. In roferenco to tho musical arranjeiuents, it was determined to continue tho con- certs at prirent given until tho end of the year. A resolution was passed authorising Mdlle. Olga Dubion, the Russian pianiste, to give a concert in the Agricul- tural Hall, on Saturday, tho 20th instant. The Intercolonial Cricket Match between I*7cw South "Wales and Victoria commenced yesterday, on the Association Ground, Moore Park, in the presenco sf about 30ÜU spectator. Tho weather was delight- fully line and cool, and thoso who wont out to the iround no doubt spent a most eujoyablo afternoon. The Xew South Wales team, who went to the wickets, reached 201 runs, A. Baniiorman being top scorer frith an excellent innings of .!>_. At tho close of the Jay's play two Victorian wickets (Horan and Slight) .lae! fallon for 78 runs, and M'Donald and Allan were .till in, the former bavins scored -11 bj* a fino display r>f batting. Tho match will be continued at noon to- day. A full report of the match appears in tho eixth Dago. Tun Speaker gavo tho first Parliamentary dinner of tho session at Strathmore, on Monday last, and entertained tho Governor and suite, tho Lieutenant Bovernor and the Commodore, somo of the members of the Ministry and of Parliament, and others. Is regard to the somewhat colobvated caso heard in the Supremo Court somo months ago, Robertson and another v. Day, arising out of a disputed right, to a ?election on the Yanco Creek, a decision of tho Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, wo aro informed, has recently been given. It will bo remembered that a majority of tho Bench-Martin, C. J., dissenting-held the selection of Mr. Day to be valid, notwithstanding that it comprised a section that Robertson, Brothers, had applied to purchase under the 81st clause ol' the Act of 18"5. Tho decision of tho Privy Council is to the effect that tho Court below Avas wrong, and that so long as tliera was an area of five squaro miles tho lessee was entitled to claim a milo of it under the Slst clauso, no matter what might bo tho shapo or form of the area in question. Ix the Jury Court, yesterday, in tho action Akora v. the» Commissioner for Hallways, in which tim plaintiff was seeking for tho value of luggage lost in transit from Singleton to Sydney, the damages wero assessed at £áO, tho point äs to the liability of tho Commissioner, being roservod for tho opinion of tho full Court. In tho Danoo Court, before his Honor Mr. .Tustico Paucott and a jury of four, tho trial of _I-Nnmara v. Rush, for damngos for assault and false imprisonmont, was resumed and concluded. A verdict was piven for the plaintiff, with damages ono farthing. The jury also added that Sub Inspector Hush and the other members of tho police forco acted conscientiously in what they believed to be the dischaigo ol' their duty. Tun inquiry into tho charges relativo to tho alloged ill-treatmont_ot children of tho Randwick Asylum was Ksrnned and closed at tho institution, yesterday after- noon. Particulars of tho proceedings will he found in another column. "Wraioglnd to find that tho bravery of oin police in theieeent oncountei with the, buihiangoi. it lil ely to i cea o a íccofi ilion moio «ub tantinl thin meio nillausp A lil ni coi respondent, who de n Oa to bo lnovin to tho public onl- as a ' "Vow Snitli "i* eMi man send-, a choque tor i_5 with the lollovv in. noto j- IVovcmboi .1, ]S7) Deat bir -\\\ ill j ou wndl} tal o chai_o of tho enclosed cheque ni ¡Po which I wish gi*cn to in-, fund that may be iai ed for tho bcneht ol thoao plucl -, and good men who aid sud »londil «or* ice to tho countrv in so speedily captunng äs vilo a band ot coi* aids is o\ei existed I untlci 'tarni that tho Go* ernnnntaio ptovuhng von neccssitv foi thocomfortot poor Lowen "i on will oblige me b\ tot mentioning mv n uno m connorton ** lth tho tiona «on but state that it is fiom a 'New -south \\\ c\4\ mn "Wc snail bo happj to lecoivo further sub 1 nptions in aid ol the fund Amongst othoi pnsonei* who v eio sentenced vestoi ä*v at tho Ccutnl Caminal Couit was "William turley who had boon found ¿u lty of an attempt to inflict grievous bodilv harm upon Agnes llailoj It »'li bo locollectod that on tho lfeth «Vugusfc last prisoner who wab detpei îtelj m lovo with tho victim m his mtudeious intentions, mot hei, and having enticed her a** a* from tiloso who would havo pio wctedhoi soized hei and with i in/or inflicted seiious "Junes on her tin oat and on the sido of tho head In posing sentence, his Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer, commented shon¿h on tho cowardly and dnstardlv iwuon in which in oner bought to a*engo himself wr what he considered a «light fiom Mi s llailey Jnaoticr was sentenced to ten jeais' imprisonmont ««h haid labom AnoiT 10 000 oi 12,000 i oi on-, accepted the mvita »Moe A.re"r Anthony Iloidein and Sons to Aisit thou »lowoi Show on lhuisdaj evening m then magm «cent new uaraooms Pat! ei sheet, llaymail et Ihe I"«co was bcautitnll* dicssed anti "onie of the depart Tnts show considomblc ta.te m tho auangement. ae «corat-ona with aitifloial ilowors were eoinetlun. surprising. Tho difforont shops were divided into courts, and we heard that no small amount of rivalry existed amongst the employes as to which should look | the best. The enormous stock which the firm have . enabled thom to maleo a wonderful display, and when j the place was densely crowded-in fact packed with visitors-the client was exceedingly good. Music was supplied by the Young Australian Band. In couso quonco of the numbers who wero unable to obtain admission, it has beon decided to reopen tho Flower Show again to-night. A i.AitoK shark was captured off tho baths at Kirri- billi Point yesterday afternoon by n boatman named A.V. Smith, assisted by his son. It belongs to what is called tho blue-nosed species, and measures about fifteen feet Ion;*. "\Vc understand that it is tho intention of the owners to exhibit the shark at tho Belmoro Markets this evening. A shark has been noticed in the locality where this one .was caught during the past week by several people. It is remarkable for tho length of its fins and tail. Yx-.sTEitD.tv St. Michael's tiny and Sunday schools picnic was held. Tho day was all that could be desired. Tho excursionists started from Woolloomooloo at about 11 o'clock, and proreeded to Pearl Bay in the steam- ship Bredalbaue, arriving at Pearl Bay about noon. Tho children amused themsolves with swiuging, jump- ing, running, ko., till dinner time, when, all having partakon of tho good things sot before thom and rested awhile, races were started and games of various descrip- tions. After spending an onjoyable day they landed safely at Sydney at about 7 p.m. Mu. P. ii. Ri-YNOLD.-,, of George-streot, has issued a handy descriptivo catalogue of the pictures now on viow in the Art Gallery of tho Gartten Palace. The catalogue enumerates the wholo of the pictures in tho English, Preuch, German, Austriau, and Belgian Courts. All the moro pioiuinent pictures have ex- planatory or critical notos, which will materially assist those who wish to givo more than a passing notice to tho fine collection now to be seen. It is compiled somewhat after the well-known academy notes of tho Royal Academy, minus, of course, tho illustrations. Pi:on:s<ion Pcrrcn delivered the second of his course of lectuie-s on " Light " at the Victoria Theatro yesterday afternoon, in the presence ou a rather limited audience. This is matter for much reglet, us the lootuies aro of such an interesting and instructive nature as to give unqualified pleasure to all who attend them. The Professor continued his remarks in support of tho theory of vibration, and in proof thereof per- formed somo wonderful exportaient«, showing the sources of lipht and the brilliuut results of combustion, which he contended, and indeed veiy plainly showed, al! indicated vibratory motion. In some experiments showing tho emanation of rays from luminous bodies, some valuable facts wero adduced by the professor. Ho explained with a simple squaro of glass ho*** his ghost illusion trick is performed, and gave some most amusing illustrations of shadow effects. Some cloud studies, exhibited by means of tho oxyhydrogen lantern tvoie very beautiful, and the gratiflcatiou of the audience was expressed by hearty applause. One of the most interesting of all the experiments, however, was Sir David Brewster's dis- covery of múltiplo reflections, illustrated by Darkers oxyhydrogen kaleidoscope. Tho most simple articles, such as a comb, a key, pieces of broken glass, &c.;, when thrown upon the cm tain by tho aid of this won dorful instrument, presented tho moat beautiful com- binations. The lecturer concluded by announcing that his next lecturo would bo on the " electric light." Accoi'.DiKG to the annual report of the Comptroller General of Prisons in _íew South Wales, for 1878, the entries and discharges last year numbered respectively 1-1,872 and l-.'l.l, as compared with 14,-78 and 12,929 for 1877. The value of the labour performed in the prisons of tho colon}' during the samo year was £88,031, which amount includes ¿"9S8S value of labour for the internal purposes of the prisons. The hospital returns show a larger number of cases treated, and of deaths, as compared with tho previous year-tho num- bers being- 000 cases treatod iusido thejhospitals, 10,193 outside; the deaths nuuibeiing -13. The education return shows the number attending tho schools, and who have passed through them during tho year, to bo 509, of whom 239 wore quite uneducated on admission. Tho return of re-convictions, which is au important horn in prison statistics, shows, it is to bo regretted, a material increase in crime; thus of the 1st class, being for the gravest offences, tho re-convictions of the first time aro 27, for the second time 10, and for tho third or moro 27, as compared with 19,12, and 30 for 1877. in the second class 107, 51, and 06, as comparod with 90, 83, and 91. Ia tho 3rd class 3-1, 17, and SB, as compared with 20, 7, and 22 ; and iu the class of drunkards and petty offoudei. 1SG6, 1150, and 2178, as comparod with 511, 109, and 1057. Regarding this return the Comptrollor-General re- marks:-That whilo as a whole tho return exhibits unfavourable results, tho great difference is to bo found in the class of drunkards and petty offenders convicted in the metropolis, which shows a total In- crease of 2996. Those facts are suggestive of serious inferences. They aro not to bo oxplainod by leniency of treatment within the prisons, which will bo under- stood when it is stated that the ration for such prisoners consists of y lbs. bread, J lbs. meal, -j- lb. meat (on Sundays and Wednesdays), t l^s. vegetables, i oz. salt, ij oz. soap, Ö- oz. rico (on Sundays and Wednes- days), showing only -A- lb. meat in the week. Neither by non-enforcement of labour, because all of such class who aro not physically unfit by Mason of shattered consti- tutions (of whom, however, the majority is composed) aro compelled to work. The total numbor of prisoners on the 31st December, 187S, was 1801, as compared with 1512 at the end of 1877, whilo the population had advanced from 002,L'12 to G98,7.3. The following is the order of evensong at St. Andrew's Cathedral, for 21th Sunday after Trinity,' "N'ovombor .3 : - Magnificat, "Dr. John Arnold, in A"; " Nune Dimittw, "Dr. John Arnold, in A ; " Autliem, " Wherewithal shall a young mun cleanse his way," G. J. Elvey. In our report of tho meeting at the Temperance Hall, on Thursday night, ouo of tho speeches is attributable to Mr. Jones, instead of to Mr. Smith, bv whom it was dulivored. The Balmain United Bund will perform on Montague Hill, Balmain, this afternoon, ut lnilf-pust 3 o'clock. Progrnmmo : March, " STuney Lee ; " scottisehe, "Lily of tho Valley;" quadrille, "Popular Songs:'' lancers, " Favourite Songs;"'waltz, " Tno Roses;" quadrille, '"11.M.S. Piiiuforo;" "God save the Queen." J.Devlin, bandmaster. 