:L, QAiiiiia1nn4No IyaranlrsT.-A lady of rank ti'his?' Pari?r ied recontly 'in the fashi6nable q,. uaiter of Aro do Triompho, of whoin man tL"'intesting story is told. She was a famous eonrd playor, and was credited with knowing Th'b dry"gamo there was to know. When travolling in a foreign land sho mot one (lay ,in n hotel a ltussia n lady with that .. piassiol. for gambling said to be inherent in : h htllRussian nation. Alnxious to play with the lady from Paris, sho wroto requesting a few games. 1Her request was granted, and ''tho ladies played all night, the Iuhssian losing at every hand, until her opponent .iehad won from her more money than the mines in the Ural lied produced for her revenues for twonty-live years. At last the Russian lady made a. despairing effort to regain her fortuno, but without avail. 1ising from the talble she told thie Frenchl lady Show slie had lost more than she possessed, but` that in her desire to pay a 'dcht of honour she would instrnct her steward to convoy to her the title-doods of all the mines and ostates she ownlld. All this t he victorious antagonist smiled and reqncsted that she might have her own wily in the mattor since she lhad woo. A priest and a lihwyer were sent for. When they arrived the' Russian lady was asked to bind horsolf tio t solemu oath iever again to onuch a crrd or risk money at any game of chanco. She did so, and then signed an ngreoment to pay her antagonist the aminunl sun of 2000 dol. Thoe vow neover to play cards for money again she faithfully kept, and the 2000 dol. were paid punctually every overy year, the French lady giving it the namo of the " Queen of Spades bounty," and invariably giving it to tIhe poor of Paris.-Now York World. "' Ain't lie got his mothor's nomso ? " said the nurse. " Pretty icklo sing." Pa bolht 'down to admiro. " Ain't he got his papa's whiskers ? " sang out Tommy; the oldest boy. So hoe had, umch a handful,--oeforoo. RsunoUr.OF TUTIonto.-SOmo nmonths ago the Lord Bishop of - came to this :country: on a visit to the Rov. Dr. - of 'the Episcopal, church in Now York. The doctor instructed a colored boy in his service to knock at the bedroom door of the Lord Bishop early in the morning and say, "'my lord, the boy." Accordingly the next morning the boy, somewhat dazed by so much grandeur, knocked at the bishop's door, who called out, " who is there ? " The boy responded,, ' The Lord, my boy." -Philadelphia Ledger. ONE PROc Or SEED.WTIIAT TOO MUCH Iron AN. AesH..--Thi is the opinion of the best English authority on practical farming -" Mothinks," says Mr. J. J. Mlohi, " some of my throe- bushel friends will fool very angry at this heading, but it is true that my bailiff just now said to me 'I have boon walking into'a pock'an aore, and it is really too thick .in some plaooes, for I counted; 48 steiiis fromn one kernel, and the ikernels ,were sown only 41¢ inches apart.' This w?s somb' of Hallot's wheat, and the other lands are our own, Crabbe's wheat. Both are excellent, and look like six quarters (48 bushels) an acre from loess than, one pock. Tlhi rest of the field is mia excellent crop of rough chaff, wliitd; from one bushel, but it could. have been better thinner. My peck an acre of barley promises to beat tholsix pocks; and a pock of oats, which were put in much later than the rest of the field, come close to two bushels. There is a greiat'?aldviintageo in onio':i:isp~ctin having some of your grain thinndr than the rest; it comes in courso of harvest, say a few days or a week later than the' rest." . Mr. Mchli of course imeans .wleat' drilled. in, sdwn early,' aniid the horse-hoo: used, to kill weeoods aundtill theo..lad between. the xows during the' oaiily tigo th iowti of the orop, the land also being iii good heart. Leot our farinmers consider whethei twio 'bushels of seed, which many consider ,scarcely suf!bi oient for an" acro, is not: rather too much, naid is a wastb'of seed, as:well as a dotrimnnt to the quritity and quality of the yield. It is true tlhrt inii broadcast sowing, seed is lost in bird peculation and by irregular scatter ug ; 'but still the difference between a pock and oighlit jeoks is rather glaring. The drill and the horse-hoe must be added to our other. improved implemounts and ma-. chines. The cow-shed and the barn, with their 'companions the manure-heaps, hay stacks, and silves or root- pits must follow, then, and, not before, wo) may have prosper ous farmers.-- Rural Australian. PoTATo CULTrIATIONT -A now mode of cultivating the potato, as M. Calloigno calls it, consists in placing on soil, deeply dug or tilled,' halves of ordinary-sized potatoes at certain' intervals apart, or better, entire potatods' 'at greater distances asunder, and in regular liines. The potato (which is not placed in,a furrow) is covered with a light ayer'ooff earth. In such good conditions of ventilation it is not long in penetrating the layer of mould, and after a few days it is re jfoatedly, earthed up to accelerato the growth. This method of planting is said to give very much better results than the com mon method of planting in furrows, and the potato acquires its maturity before disease is declared. The potato, coming originally from 'Peru, a country much hotter than ours, 1oequires (says M. Calloigno) air and heat for its development undelr good con dition; and the earth which surrounds it can only be regarded as a support, a medium round which as much air and heat should be made to circulate as possible. To put it in a cold trench, compact and moist, is to hinder its growth and reduce its pro duction consideorably, dalso to subject it voluntarily to the most troublesomo in flucnces of disease. The London Garden remarks that thisis s good plan, but not now, boing the mode of planting usually adopted in Ireland.-Rural Australian. itnuI(aI'rur. OcaCIuanIrN NEAR LILuLow. A terrible occurrence took place on Thurs day night at Dromoro, about three miles from Mallow. James Flynn, ihis wife and children, having partaken of their ovening meal, retired to rest. In a fow hours Flynn was awoke by the loud talking of his wife. He got up and lit a candle, and his wife was up as quickly as lie, Heo at once porceived she was mad, and tried to pacify her, when dlio tuiiled on him, and took hold of one of his fingers between her teeooth and nearly bit it.off.: He weot for assistance, and whilst he was away she so effectually barricaded the door that he had to break it in with a sledgo hanmmnr. Having broken in the door, the first object that met Flynn's gaze ?vas his wife in the act of beating her little soii oii the head with a bottle. The child was rescued with much dificulty from the grasp of the mad woman. The body of aniother infant lay dead on the floor. Flynn took up the dead infant in his arms and saw that the little fellow's brains were dashed out. The motllher must have caught the little fellow, who was only seven months old, and lnoked hiis hoead against the wall, and thoul tramplod on it, as his body was very much bruised. The poor deiiciuted croeaturo was ovoentually soouroed by tho po lice. In the newspaper way theoro is a curiosity in Wcllingitonl (N.Z.), vwhich the Now Zeon landeor tlhinks is likely to find its wity to the Syduey oexhibition. It is the irst numlu r of the first inewsplaper ever published by Sir Julius Vogel iii Victolia, whelln he was in a very lhunalde way, and plain and very struggling Mr. Vogel. It is stylotd the Tuglowoodl Advertiser, and is dateOd Mal'Ch 2I, 18(0. It is a single dnomy sheeot, pri'ted on oneo side only, and its contoents aro brief aud remarkable. The introductory leailtdr is so short that we reproduce it entireo. It is addre:;ssed " To the Publlic," and rulns as follows:--" Wo sauske our first appcarance this morninag, and intend pnblishing on Wednesdays and Saturdays instead of, as aiiionced, Tuesdays and Fridays. This alteration has bsCen umade froni the expressed wish of our advertising f'ienids, in order that their advertiscmentl.s might eujoy theo boleneofit of the inocreased circulation cer'tain to accrieO for Saturday's issue. Our reading matter is rathor moro circamncribed thaln we could wish-causoed bIoth by the pressuro of ad vertiscnouts and the monster letter'-list which we give with the present issue, and which will be contiuuod weekly." This ends the introdulotion. The other roeading natter is about throo incheos of mining nlows, a paragraph about thel post-oflloe, and another relativo to aUlusomonts. Thle "monastor lottor-list " is about two-thirds of a colhumn of long lrimor. The imprint is-"' Prjinted by J. Vogel and G. Polttifr, thue pr,,prietors, at their office, Commercial- street, Ingle wood. No one at that time (18(0O)-Sir Julius Vogel least of all- could have the least forecast of what the whirligig of time would bring about, or that the petty strug gling journalist, editor, canvasser, and col lector in one, of that day would be the literary and ipolitical luminary whose bril liancy required only the New Zealand air to draw it from obscurity. One of the most expert criminals in the colony was. brought before the Melbourne police- court on Friday and committed for trial on'two charges of house-breaking. The man,' who has recently adopted the name of William:Long; is better known as Augustus Schmidt; a notorious burglar and forger, and the, two cases investigated on Friday are striking'examples of the man's audacity and' tact., In one instance he quietly entered?:a: house in Lonsdale-street in the dead of the night by means of a latch-]toy, and then systematically overhauled the house from top to bottom. Ho entered rooms in which the inmates were sleeping, and removed their watches and other jowollery, while he coolly unpacked a portmanteau in one room and took the contents into ano ther apartment, where he put them into another portmanteau. He then left as quietly as le came, and no one was aware of what hiad taken place until the next morning, when the property was missed. In the second case he climbed up a veran-, dali-post and got into a first floor window, and after stealing all he could lay his hands upon, lie successfully made his exit. After effdeting these and other robberies, lie; in company with another man, perpetrrtted another felony, and with ,thd proceeds! lie decamped ,to. Sydney.,; His proceediilgs' wpre, however, suspected by Detective Con-' sidino, and as soon as ,the evideiiee wmial complete, information was-sent to the police.. ?aithorities in: New South Wales, by whom he was ultimately ,arrested. Schmidt's career has been a somewhat extraordinary' one. In 1851 ho 'was sent out uinder a sentence of seven years' penal servitude, and in 1858 le obtained his release on ticket- of-leave. In 1850 lie received nine years for forgery and uttering; and in 1865 he was sentenced to four years for the same offence. In 1872 and in 1874 he under wont three months' imprisonment for lar cony, while on the 1st October of the latter year le received a cumulative sentence of five years for forgery and larceny. From this sentence lie only recently gained his discharge, and then appears to have at once commenced a systematic series of daring burglaries, which lie carried out with sur prising success.-Meolbourne Argus. Theatrical managers, as a rule, only sup ply what the public taste demands; but it would be interesting to learn whether tlhe manager of the Gaioty Theatro, Barnsley (England), or the taste of the public lie caters for, is responsible for the engagement, as a theatrical attraction, of one Willie Ward, son of the murderer Peace. His share of the entertainment, as advertised, was to play a concertina solo, to exhibit certain spectacles worn by his father as a disguise, and to answer any questions put to him. A question that might fairly be put to the manager would be as to how he dared to insult decent, law-abiding people by supposing that they wished to subject a son to questions as to his tiger of a fatlher, who had expiated his crimes upon the scaf fold. Probably he calculated upon arous ing that morbid, depraved curiosity concern ing those who become conspicuous for in famy which lies dormant in so many hearts; and it would be interesting to loamn if hisI success realised his anticipations..-Zigzag papers in the Echo. The Nihilists (according to a contempor ary) are quite particular about explaining to their countrymen why they doom it wise to kill off one official or uotheor. The revolutionary committee have 'irculated throughout the empire a printed proclama tion stating why it was necessary to ass assinate Prince Krapotkin on February 9. It was because he had committed these crimes:-1. At the end of last year he sanctioned and ordered the barbarous treat ment to which political prisoners were sub jected in the prison of Kharkoff. 2. He falsely reported to the minister of the interior, on the subject of the last disturb ances at the University of Kharkoff, that the police had been attacked by the students whereas in reality it was the latter who, by his own orders, had first been flogged witih Cossack whips. 3. He is directly respon- sible for the ferocious and barbarous treat ment of political prisoners at Borisoglebsd, and his name is intimately connected with the history of the central prison in that town. The proclamation closes in this way: " Such are the causes and consideratioins that have compelled the Russian socialist party to sentence one of its enemies to death. Death for death, execution for execution, terror for terror ! This is our answer to the threats, the persecutions, and the op pression of the government. Should the latter persevere in its old course, the bodies of Heyking and Mezentzoff will not have turned into dust before the government will hear of us again." The sermone of the best 1)preachler of the world will not makeo as uschl imlpression 1upon a congregation as a suddeun pattering of rain on the wiudow panos of a church coutainiug two lhundrod new sumumer bon nets. Moonoy. - Father : " Good eveninig, Patsecy; it's a fine, moonlight night." Patsoy: "It is, your holiness; but it is not to-night we want the moon out-it's thle dark liighlts we want it" Miss Madcup Oldgal: "Yes I love tlse old oak; it is associated withl so Imal.y hapipy Ihours spout beneath its shado. It carries moe back to my ihildhood, when--" Young Foodlo: " When you-eor--planted it ? " A young lIady, hisitating for a word in descrihbing tlise ehaaiator of a rejected suitur, said: "'oI is not a tyraust,' not exactly dominieering, but-" " Dogmatic " ' sug gested her fi'iend. "No, liho has niot dig nity enough for that; I tuhilnk lulpmatic would convey my meaUlinig iadmirably." A man of let?tors-theo postuaster. The peat-bogs of Great Britain cover ass area of somothing like, in rouitul nunmbers, six millioi aicres. Professor Popper, a diistinguished, ghost maker and illusionist, is coming out t Australia to leooture for two hundred about n ig ih t . .. A law which has just ibeen ,a?ser:d by the legislaturo of Indiana, in the Ulited Status (says a London paper), will meet with the approval of all strong-minded women. The act provides that a married woman may bargain, sell, assign, and transfer her separate property in the same way as though she were single. She may carry on any trade or business and perform any labor or service on her solo and separate account. The earnings and profits accruing from her trade, business, service, or labor, other than labor for her husband or family, are to be her sole and separate property. A married woman may enter into any contract in refer ence to her separate personal estate, trade, business, labor, or service, and the manage ment and improvement of her separate real property, " the same as though she were sole; " and her separate estate, real, and personal, will be liable therefore on execu tion or other judicial process. She may bring and maintain an action in her own name against any person or body corporate for damages or any injury to her person or character, "the same as if she were solo ; " and the money recoevored is to be her separate proporty, her husband in such cases not being liable for costs. With a tender' consideration for woman's little weaknesses, a provision of the law exempts from execution for debt all such jewellery, ornaments, books, works of art and vertou, and other effects for personal or household use as may have beeoon given to her as presents, gifts, and keepsakes. Married women are expressly prohibited from mort gaging or in any way emcumbering their separate property as security for the debt or liability of a husband or of any other per son. Notwithstanding that widespread and dire distreoss'prevails amongst the operative clIisses of Great Britain, no response seems ,to have.bbeen made by the working classes here.,. Thirty years ago, when the Lanca shfid'men were in sore poverty, a letter ap peared in the Times under the heading " can you not help us a bit ? " and it was cheering to find how generously the working men of England answered it out of their poor means. Surely some of the contribu tions to the trade associations and working leagues might be diverted for a little while to the help of the funds being raised in England to alleviate the broad-cast distress amongst the working classes there. Me chanics receive in this country safficient wages to secure tlham from similar distress, and a little out of their superabundance would show that they had not lost sympathy with their loss fortunate fellow-workmen. South Australia has already set in motion a helping fund with fair success. A singular festivity took place in New Kent, Virginia, lately. It was termed a "gallows ball," and its occasion was the execution of two negroes, Patrick Smith and Julius Christian, for murder. A Lon don paper says: The hanging attracted lundreds from every part of the country, and the negroes, who came in large num bors clothed in holiday attire, made a "gala day" of it. In the evening they determined to have a ball in the large barn. The band consisted of four banjo-players and one fiddler. At midnight the orchestra struck up The Mississippi Lawyer, and the dancing began. It was carried on with great spirit until about two o'clock in the morning, when an old Vondow negross suddenly appeared in the middle of the scene, holding in her hand a large bundle tied up in a red handkerchief. The music at once stopped, and after certain incanta tions the old woman informed the assom blage that she had the ropes with which the men were hanged, and that, after she had touched any bit of them, that piece would secure the possessor against the evil de signs of any person who touched them or poisoned them. She thlo cut the ropes in small bits, over which she sprinkled some thing from an old jug, and sold each bit for fifty cents. Thero was such a demand for those pieces of rope that a fight was the consequence, and those who could not get a piece " acted like fiends," begging for a thread only. The old woman told thom nothing else would effect the charm except small particles of the clothing in which the men were buried. A rush thereupon took place to the grave under the gallows for the purpose of disinterring the bodies and 1bringing back the clothes. The large party who undertook this task soon however returned in horror to the ballroom, declar ing that they had seen the two men who were hanged walking round their graves. It was subsequently ascertained that the visit of the dancers to the grave had fright 'ened off two men, who had come to dig up the bodies for the doctors. Notwithstand ing these drawbacks the ball was a great success, the old negress announcing that all who danced at the " gallows ball " would be able to dance as long as they lived, no matter if thely lived to the ago of ninoty A. most dnring robleory was committed in Simpson's-road, Melbourno, on Monday afternoon. ]lughc Fox, the proprietor and driver of a waggonette, left his vehicleo out side the Lord lnglan Inotel while hlie entered tihe house for a few miretoes for 'leo pur'poso of obtaining some refreshmenCts. During .his momentary absenco two young mon jumped into the waggonetto and drovc rapidly away. Tihe police have reason to believe that tihe thieves are members of thile gang of burglars whoso depredations in the suburban districts lhave recently becomo so frequent. The vehicle will probably be abandoned upon tie road whlen those who leavo stolon it hlave made use of it, and the detectives request other cabmon to keeoop a sharp look ou for it.-Molbourno Argues. A Belgiumn journal says a now process lhas been applied to the manufacturo of arti ficial black walnuts, by which ordihnry wood has imparted to it the appearancemo of the most beautiful spocimens of walnmt, adlapted to o the very finest cabineot work. The wood, fil't thIoroughly dried and warmed, is coatedi onco or twice with a liquid composed of one part by weiglht of oxtraclt of walnut-peel, dissolved in six parts of nsoft water by hoeating it to boiling, and stir'ing. The wood thlllls treated is, whoen half dl-y, brl'useld with a solution of one by weight of biolhromato of potash in five parts of boiling water, and after drying thoroughly is rubbed iand polished. TheI colour ig thus said to be fixed in the wood to a depthl of one or two lines, and in ease of red boaoch or alder, for instance, the wal nIt appoaranoe is moset perfeo?, 