CONCERNING MANY THINGS. " What I think 1 utter." "Tho cry of tho whole community is a good phraso — it moans anything or nothing. When did a wholo community over yell out in unison? Never, sirrco, since Eve hemmed fig loaves. But yet 'tis a taking expression when woll worked. Organisers and wiro-pullers can make your three-tenths or soven-tonths stand for the whole in the eyes of fho non- arithmotical, but test their calculation by Wal- kiughomo or Oleosa and tho deficit appears. A Gonlburn anii-sapital punishment man tele graphed last week to tho Herald that a certain petie/oa contained about - 4.00 signatures, and that only two persons refused to sign it. This man—" a cry of the wholo community man " — would havo it that Goulburn, to its last adult, is for him by tbo odds of 400 to 2 ; and thero aro persons wbo would take bis dictum on that point without a murmur. But nllow this cor rection of bis proposition: How many of the total adult population of Goulburn wero asked to sign it ? Answer mo this Mr. wholo-com- munity-cry man, and if the little game of organising an appeal to the powors that be be not rovoaled, may tbo ghost of Cocker haunt mo morning, noon, and night. I think the Government has exercised a wise! discretion in deolining to award Mr. Baylis, P.M. of Wagga Wagga, any gratuity for "extra services performed at tho risk of his life in connection with the capture of bushrangers in tho year 1863," or to specially increase his salary. When Mr. Baylis is compolled, through ill -health or otherwiso, to give np his stipendiary magistracy, the quostion of granting him a pension should bo liberally considered; since probably tho result of his extra services in 1863 has been to impair his physical powers, and injuriously affect his general health. Tho fewer publio servants with special allowances, in addition to their fixed salaries, the better. BayliB's case bIiowb the need of a Civil Service Act graduating tho rate of BalarieB, and tho timos and degrees of promotion on definite principles. Thero are barons — and barons. Von Mueller, tho eminent botanist, is a baron of high degreo; none of your twoponny-balfponny Holy Roman Empiro barons, but one with a podigroo as long as your arm, and, what is more, a pedigree rocoguised in the Almanack dc Gotha. Now, a K.C.M.G.-ship taoked on to his nobility is a merer decoration thereto; and no ono but an ignorant snob, Mr. Melbourne correspondent of the S. If. Herald, would ever dream of I addressing the baron as Sir Ferdinand von Mueller. Earls a many, and Dukes a few, aro knights of this, that, or tho other order; yet who over heard of tho Duke of Argyll addressed us Sir Goorgo Douglas Campbell, because he j chances to bo n Knight of tho Thistle. | Tnlking of Barons, Lionel Rothschild, Dizzy's | Sidonin, has ontored into his rest. Tho first Jew who, thinks to " finality John," sat in the Com- | mens House of Parliament. Baron Rothschild I wus u celebrated rather than a great man, and j yet ho was an appreciative patron of literature j end ert, a doer of countless deeds of charity and j morcy, und tho possessor, not only of a limitless | fortune but of a clear intellect and an upright | heart. The great '".use will sorely miss the j financial ability of its most prudent momber. j ' Says the Evening News: "Let us welcome him j (tho Prince of Wales) in such a manner as to j testify our attachment to tbo principles o J constitutional monarchy and to the virtues of tho roigning sovereign, but for Heaven's sake lot us ovoid best- fawning flattery which is unworthy j of tbo bri.ezy utmoBphero und invigorating j clunuto o! tbo free democratic colonies of tho SouLhnrn Ocoon." To this notion, I for ono say "hear, hear," but I'm sorely afraid thatfiunkoy- ilcui will master tbo occasion and stamp tbo bestaru aristocracy of N.S.W. with disgrace Those who assort ihemsolvos as the " upper ten " of t, he colony ore such awful "cads'' that tho worst is to be dreaded. Tbo "father" who recontly addrosBod the Evening News auont his three dsughters iB a doucedly unlucky fellow, and a living proof how sorrows coins not singly bat in bnttalions. Per haps his yarn is non rero, though hen Irovato ; if so, lie mixos his ideas too muchly, confusing crimo with vico, and jumbling up sentiment, abstract justice, etcetora, etcetera, into n good press lotter, bnt a woak basis for practical legis lation. If his yarn bo true, though, I can only repeat, ho was uncommonly unlucky— only for tunato iu not baring a fourth daughtor a bigamist! Tuko this as n straight tip. Julius Vogel in tho IIouso of Commons will (to borrow a French expression) " go far." 'Tis u mistako, though, for him to concenl his avowed Liberalism 'noath a Tory cloak. Bouconstinld'B Government is on its laBt logs, but I suppose so long as its influence can push Julius in for Falmouth, that flattost of journalists and most horrowy offinaticiors doesn't care what becomes of it, or whither it goes. On the top of the wall your man of the world naturally spurnB the ladd ) Bat, mark me, whethor Tory, or Liberal in Tory raiment, Sir Julius Vogel will be a power in the Commons. Poor Leeming's creditors, or Learning's poor croditors, ore now realising objectively the force of the Latin adage, ne sutor ultra crepidam. Sub jectively, his reverence huB also by this timo probably realised that to go beyond tho souls of his flock in the way of business is as unwise in the priest as in tho cobbler. Hotol-koeping would bavo been apoBtolic had Matthew been a publican in our sonse of the word ; as to brick- making — well, Paul, who was a tent-maker, would possibly not have objected to it, but having so many irons in tho fire would, I feel certain, not havo ingratiated Mr. Leeming in tho opinion of him who wrote as advice to ministers : — " Givo attendance to reading, to exhortation, to dootriuo, . . . . meditate upon thoso things, givo thyself wholly to them." Roseby is for stopping the military from smok ing cigars ! Whon there are roal abuses in connection with our Permanont Force it is piti able to seo a ninny like Roseby "spotting" inoffensive trifles as tho mark for his namby- pamby - milk - and - water - lukewarm - lemonade Btylo of oratory. Roseby on his legs is enough to empty evory representative chamber in or ont of Christendom. Conundrum for tha financial : Does the stick ing together of the banks and the evident anxiety not to allow a weak brother to fall evinoo a healthy or an unhealthy stato of things? Ikoy Ben Salomons, who is an authority on all CQBh transactions, from a bill of sale to a five- million loan, Bays that things Bre so consumedly ticklish that the failure of one of tho joint stock banks would bring ail the rest down in pioces in half- a-jiffey (to use Ikey's own words). Tho song of the prudont man is as of yore, A guinea it will sink, nnd n note it will float, Ilul I'd rather have a guinea tiian a one pound note. j Isn't it strange that while tho columns of the j S. 21. Herald teem with suggestions as to how to I dispose of our surplus meat, thoro are hundreds upon hundreds of poor in- the metropolis who novor got a slice of beef. or mutton from week's end to week's end 1 Sing, hoigh ho 1 for tbo Coffee Palace, i.e., on tho condition it realises that promise in its pro- I Bpectus of boarding the traveller at three shil lings per day, with accommodation equal to any hotel in the city, and no allowances to servants permitted. The S. 21. Herald talks of the " extravagant philanthrophy " of th9 Postmaster-General's de partment, and urges such a reform os will mako postal receipts cover tho expenditure. Tho departments in question, together with that of railways, ere, in my opinion, those wherein an excess of outgoings over incomings should be permitted, otherwise the residents in sparsely populated districts must give up epistolary cor respondence and railway travelling altogether. Postal oommunioation has a direct educational influence on the colony, and its maintenance as an almost free institution might be beneficially subsidised from otbor sources of revenue. Penny postago is one of tho coming reforms ; as also railway convoyanco rates at por milo wherever the distance travelled over may ohance to be situated. Anew doctrine, indeed, Mr. Speaker Allen, that a member of the Assembly mayn't critioise gubernatorial action. We are getting so courtly, Sir Wigram, that I think a nomineesbip to the serene atmosphere of the chamber of our Brumma gem Lords would suit us infinitely better than continuing the month-piece of the Commons — whom Heaven help if what Sir George Wigram Allen says represents what they mean ? ' ssunc object iu view, nnd wait upon the Go vernment to-night. Tho foregoing telogram was postod at our offico yostordoy morning. SYDNEY, Monday, S p.m. The city is in an excited state owing to the absence from town of Sir Alfred Stephen, the j Lieutenant-Governor, who is not expected to j return until some time this evening. Crowds j are mustering to take part in the demoustra- : tion for commutation of the sentences on the aboriginal and Wilkinson and Metcalf. It is expected that quite thirty thousand persons will proceed to Government House. The re sult, however, is considered to ho doubtful, as the Lieutenant-Governor is believed to bo de termined to let the law take its course to morrow morning in the case of the aboriginal " Alfred," who is to be executed at Mudgee. A terrible scene took place at Brisbane gaol this morning at tho execution of the German, Mutter. The unfortunate man was hanged, but the heavy drop pulled his head from his body. Altogether it was a most shocking spectacle. Thomas Hogan waB executed at Beechworth gaol this morning for shooting his brother. Ho died instantaneously. The Hon. Mr. Butler died in the middle of a brilliant speech he was delivering in the court this morning. The coloured men resident in Sydney intend proceeding in a body to Government House this evening, on the return of the Lieutenant- Governor, to press for tho commutation of tho sentence on tho blaskfellow nt Mudgee. There will be a large number. Oaten hay to-day brought 6s. Cd. per cwt. 