Frightened of the Kelly Gang. The Kellys have murdered three or four policemen by open violence, and if they con- tinue at liberty much longer they will be responsible (says the Evening News) for the death of a number of harmless people by the fatal influence of fear. We would not in- sinuate that any of the Victorian policemen will give up the ghost through this cause, but it is quite possible that some of the bank managers will. A case occurred recently at one of the country branches of the Bank of Victoria, which illustrates the extreme danger of the present condition of affairs. A gentleman of timid disposition had been sent up from Melbourne to take charge of a branch, and he was fully re- solved to defend his charge with every drop of blood in his body. He was a prudent man, had known something of military tac- tics as a Volunteer, and therefore he made his preparations cautiously. Firmly convinced that the Kellys would come, he sat in the bank with two revolvers in his belt, and one full cocked in his hand. His assistant was also armed with revolvers, and a policeman patrolled the place continually. As a pre- caution, a piece of twine was passed round the arms of the manager and the clerk, that they might communicate instantaneously and silently. On Saturday, after the bank was closed, a loud rap was heard at the door. The twine was twitched, and the manager made sure the hour was come. He made the police- man cover the door with his rifle. The clerk stood on the counter with two revolvers pointed to the door, and the manager, with a revolver in one hand, opened the door an inch and a half with the other. " Who's there ?" he asked, in a loud voice, but not without a quiver of emotion. Instead of the reply of Ned Kelly and four comrades, a shrill squeaky voice replied, "Missus says the dinner's ready." Such shocks would soon undermine even a strong constitution, and we learn with satis- faction that the worthy manager has been removed to the safer precincts of the bank in Melbourne. 