THE HAUNTED STATE R00nT~ ' Well, I don't know what to say about it,' sm.l the old gentleman. ?' I don't pretend to account for it, I'm not a spiritualist, nor do I believe iu ghosts, . but if you'd ask me whether I'd sleep again in sUte-roora number 24, on the Mehetihel lloiji/s. I'd say no. You couldu't pay me (o do it. ' I'd been down the Hudson, to see to so m n business. And I was on my way buck neain to Uouksulrte, aurt tup Mehetibd Bojgs stopped there, and I took passage on liar, and as she was crowded I felt myself quite lucky when I had my n ate-roorn clieck safe in my j pocket, and knew that I should have it safe to myself, for the upper berth had -been male a sort of liijen closet of, and wasn't intended to be 6lept in at all. I bad my portmanteau and a lot of bundles with me, and I carried them io and locked them up, aod eat out on the forward deck until tbe supper goug Bounded. Theu I remembered some English mustard seed that I'd promised my wife I'd ta -e before every meal — for I'm troubled with indigestion — and I W-^t ini!) the ststeronm 'o ire' it, for ji Wa« riulit ou top ot everything filso id my t ) rtmauieau. ' I:, was peltiot; quite dark, arid aftm I'd K-viiilowci ibe S--ej, and ws^ giiijf. back. I lot. ksd over my slioul !-sr, it- one is apt to do in going ont of a narrow door, aud I Baw that some one was 1; ing on my bed. '? Hallo!' crici I. 'Who is there?' 'I heard a little nist'vv1» snu^d and theu I f.-!t that perlmps I might have made a mistake. So I stepped out into the cal,iu aod called a waiter. ''Is this the right state-room?' I asked, pointing to the door ani sbowiug bim my check. ?' ' Yes, sir,' said he. ' That's yours, sir.' ' ' Well, there's some one in there,' said I. ' ' No business to be there, sir,' said he. Then he passed by me and weut in. ? Nobody here, sir,' said he. 'I looked in. There certainly wa« no one there this time. Tha light had been lit behind the glass shield and I could see quite plainly. He had slipped out of the window perhaps,' and if so he might get in there agaiu. ' I fastened the wiodow well, but still I couldn't help expecting to find him there when I returned. 'I did. I never weut to bed until eleven o'clock that night ; but the movent I opeDpd tbe door I saw him. He lay just as I had seen him, and he bad a waiter's white jacket on. ''Hallo!' cried I. 'This is my Btate-room ! What do you want here V ' I reaohed forward and made a grab at bis jacket, bat all I caught in my band was my own duster that I bad thrown over ihe bed. ?'Old goose,' said I, 'you'd better get some spectacles if you are losing your eight like tliis.' ' Then I undressed and turned in. I went to sleep about as quickly as man could, and I suppose I slept an hour or ao, when I roused up with a sort of feeling of fright upon me ihat I couldn't understand. ' I opened my eyes and looked about me ; aud I didn't quite like it wb«o I saw a negro waiter standing at the foot ; of my bed. fie was a young, boyish- ; looking fellow with around face, aud he , wore liis white jacket, but tbe way Lei stood staring at me wasn't pleasant. I j was out of bed in a miuute, and my hand was ou the door, and I fouud it was locked. I got it open in a jiffy, and was out in tbe cabio again. An officer was just passing by. ' ' Here, sir,' 6aid I. 'One of your waiters is in my 6tate-room, aud more over, be got there by no fair means, for the door was locked. I've shut bim in. Now, you can take bim out.' ' The officer pushed past me and j jerked the door open. ' ' Walk out, you rascal 1' cried he. « Why, there's nobody here, sir, and your window is tied on the inside with your own handkerchief. You've been dream ing !' ' Well, after I bad looked into the upper berth amongst the folded linen, and into the lower one, I agreed that I must bave been ; but I wasn't sleepy any more. I dressed myself, and sat down upon my portmanteau, and whether you'll believe me or not, fifteen minutes afterward I Baw the waiter lying in tbe epot I bad left. He lay on his face, as before, and 1 did not disturb bim. I just not up and slipped away. I sat on deek all night, bat now aud then I had the curiosity to peep into the room. There bo lay until five o'clock. Theu a rjoster they bad somewhere on the boat begau to crow, and the gray light to change to piuk, and I peeped in again. Tlie cabin waB quite light, and it was empty. j ' I took breakfast with tbe captain before leaving the boat — the capiaiu and four or five others; and I sail to bitn: ' ' Captaiu, either you've got a mad man for a passenger or you have the slyest darkie living for a waiter.' ' ' How is that?' said he. I ' Ho I told him. He listened, nod- j ding all the while, then be turned to the officer at liis right : I ?'Mr. Sparks,' says he, 'haven't II given orders that number 24 was not to be usei as a sleeping-place any longer 1' ' * Well, yes sir — but all tbe other berths were full,, says Mr. Sparks. ' ' Have it altered into a linen closet,' said the captain — 1 and give this gentle man bauk the price of his state-room.' ' ' Then you think ' I began. ' ' I don't allow, myself to think,' said the captain. ' I know that three years ago one waiter murdered another in that very state-room. I know we found him lying on the bed face downwards, and I know that every passenger wh'» has slept in 24 since th: t night has told me the story I've heard from you. I don't try to explain it. I simply say, let no moro passengers sleep in 24.' ' 