CORRESPONDENCE. [The editor doesl sot necessarily' identify himself with thejoplnlonfl expressed by correspondents,] THE BURRUM RAILWAY; ( To the Editor of the Chronicle.') biBj— :At present there is a good; deal of jealousy, among our small community, and diversity 'of 'opinion, about the proposed com pany, and'if public convenience woulfl not be better serVfed by the Government constructing the railway. - .To'mj.naghb'ours of the Burrum and Mary borough,'! should' like to ask two or three questions/ for I feel convinced most of them only-^see -a very short way ahead, and generally look at things iu the most favourable light that wjjl. serve their own immediate interest. 1st. If the' Government uudertake to build the line, where is the niouey to come from ? Have I they it iu the Treasury at tbe present time? I and; if tbe new loan is not floated iu the home ' market, we shall bave to wait our turn for the railway.' ' ' Even if the loau is successful, most .pf Jhe.moncy.Jhas.been voted, before hand ---for main railway lines and other urgently needed public works Tbe proposed line company are ?bound to have the line completed in two years, and are bound down in the most stringeut manner to charge -the same freight and passen ger -rates as the Government lines. Failing to comply with these conditions,' Government have full power to take possession of the line by paying a sum equal to returns and profits 'earned by the company. If the Government undertake to build the line, what guarantee can they give that it will be even commenced in two years' time ? Their good will is useless ; vyithout money they can do nothing. 2nd. Is it better to have £150,000 of foreign- capital brought into the district? or to have £50,000 of Government money that we ail have to pay interest for. Another thin® to be considered is, the line will not have Government or any private company's interest on the construction unless the output from the mines are 1,000 a week ; at the very least, it is very certain the district cannot command anything like this j quantity, and a foreign market must be found I for the surplus. A Government railway will not lieln this Question. Unless c&bUaMk; in. troduced, this foreign . market could not be found, and then the whole thing goes back again for years. With a good company, this foreign market would be found without delay. The railway is not the only necessity for a foreign market ; a depot must be formed at some deep water, so that lar*e ships can coal quickly.- I .believe the proposed Burrum coal com: any intend having large steam barges of 400 or 500 tons, to meet the trains at the terminus at Maryborough, and ship the coal at once to tbe depot at Frascr's Island or some other deep water at Harvey's Bay, so this is an additional reason for a strong compauy takiug the trade in hand. 3rd. If tbe agitators against the proposed company think they arc getting too liberal a grant, of laud (25,000 acres), they have an equal chauce of participat ing in the benefit, as a certain number of shares are opened for the Wide Bay district. People talk of what the land will be worth in a few years. Unless the coal brings population, it will just be as valueless in ten years as it is now ; it has been opeu for selection a lon^ time, aud no one bas availed themselves of the privilege. Tbe p'omotersof the company, un doubtedly, have bought the coal property of tbe Beaufort, Whitley, and Howard Company chcap, if it is compared with the price given for improved laud in Newcastle, Now South Wales. A connexion of my own sold a block of land of 500 acres for £30,000 sixteen years ago, without tbe least proof ibe laud couiained coal; now, tbe three abovenamed properiios have all coal on the surface, and good market able coal, and the company will have nn delay in commencing operations at once and getting immediate returns for the capital expended. Viewed in this light, it is a good sound investment for capitalists. It is a good thing for the district if the company succeed in securing the ground, because it is to the share holders' iuterest to make it a success, and they will prospect the ground thoroughly, which has never been attcmp'ed Unfortunately, the work hitherto has been left in the hands of men who had no capital and small business experience. I even thiuk it would pay the Go vernment to build the line for 1000 tons a week, .forgetting the fact that there is no probability for a long time of getting return freight for the trains. If we have tbe good of the district at heart, we should all unite to help the formation of the company, putting ail the little jealousies and prejudice? aside, and remember what we lose by not being uuiled. A community divided amongst its members never cau pros per, and if it is good for a few, it is bound to make things better for the many. There can be no doubt when the ground has been pros pected thoroughly, other coal seams will be brought to light ; there arc thousands of acres here on the Burrum that hardly have had the footprint of a white man. Apologising for the length of this letter, I am. &c.;, Pbonuncia Pacis. The Colonial Secretary's present tour will enable the people through whose districts he may travel, to obtain from the fountain head any further desired information respecting the Divisional Boards Act. The Rockhampton Bulletin says:— *? In his interview yesterday morning with the deputation from last Satur day's meeting, Mr. Palmer explained bis inten tions and the rules he had laid down for his guidance in refercuce to certain matters con nected with th ? Divisional Boards Act. He stated that no notice would be taken of any recommendations or suggestions in regard to OJtside boundaries or sub- divisions unless sent to him in the form of a petition. One petition might deal with questions of boundaries and sub-divisions and also contain an application for the right to elect the first loard, but tbe wants of the residents in these matters coul - only be considered when embodied in a peti tion. He alsostated that be ghoul I not, unless very good cause were shown, consent to acy division being cut up iuto more than three sub-divisions- Th s decision will, we believe, meet with general approval. It is important that the new Act should bave a fair trial, and to that end the Government arc in duty bouud to 6ee that the divisions are sufficiently large to work well and are not cut up into numerous small sections There is a natural disposition manifested by settlers in various localities -to mark out the boundaries to suit themselves without reference to the interests of tbeir neighbours, but this wish, if complied with, would greatly militate against tbe success of the Divisional Boards and briug the new Act into disrepute. HoiTY-Torrr Fanaticism.— The following is the protest read by the vicar of Trinity Church, the Bev. R. W. Euraght, on -Sunday morning, after the Niccne Creed: — ' In the name of God. Amen. — I, Richard William Euraght, parish priest of this church and parish of the Holy Trinity, Bordesley, a steward of the mysteries of God, and therefore bound to protect the alter of . ,God from profanation ; having understood, by tbe admission of one of the parties conccrucd, that the Holy Sacramcnt has been sccrctly carried out of this church under the pretence of communicating, and carried about a public law Court in London, exposed to common gaze and disparaging re marks, do hereby, in the presence of God and of this congregation, utter this my solemn de claration, protest, and warning. I declare that I deplore with the deepest sorrow the occur rence of such profanation. But having for more than a year past had reason to expect the possibility of its occurrence, I bave been especially careful to observe the couduct of persons approaching the altar of whose good faith I was not assured ; and I cannot,, there fore, feel that it has occurred through want of vigilance on my part. I protest solemnly that 6uch an occurrence is an outrage against God, His Church, and Christianity ; is reprobated by every reverent mind, and ought, not to be allowed to go' unpunished. And I warn all concerned of the sore judgment hanging over the heads of those who&uowingly; profane the Holy Sacrament, counting it a common thing, nwt discerning the Lord's bod}', and guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. This, my solemn declaration, protest, and warning, I hereby put forth in the name of the Father, .and of the Son, and of the. Holy Ghost. And may God, of His mercy, bring all concerned a better mind.. Amen,' — Homepaper, 