T1UMOE. says : that the Chiéf Justipe is going •' Iv >. to; apply; • för • a twelveiÄpnthB* ;leave o i absence,on iullsalaty, and.that ,he wiU get it and it -She say&thatJudge; öwynae has led the. > way, and of course will support: the idea; and, that Judge Boucaut will want a t fBUQ3ilM lioliday .•:by-and- hy,, and Jie t of,. •course , will support it. tlAsdl jyheel goes, •merrily .rpund. i Tlus anay. jbei iaitogether; i untrue, but it, ;wouM nicely illustrate the, necessity- for a fourth Judge — i Yorkés Feninsula Advertiser. . T is i euiTeht i among the professedly wellinformed in Adelaide that the :Hon. the Chief L ISecrétary takeBia to England, < on his return ; from NewCaledonia. . " They ,say" jthafchégpés ; tomanage ±he he wloan.>.' VThey say "{tliat it isnpt knownwhetherhe mil re6ignhis.positic>n in the Government and'intheCouncil; butifhe doés j liifi colleagues tvill Jfindsome difficulty in keeping • togetheras Sute&mj;^-lbid. HATtlisreis aifitaeissin :tliings is fijurther T • exemplified by the appointment of Mr. Simms, the wealthy brewer, to be ä memberof •iheviIi>estitdlie3Q to study couse and effect - But >hold : this arrangement, imay be simply a piece of fine 'irony on the part of M?.' Charles Manri. id. . |HK,rumor. is currentin Gennany, as wiell as in France, £hat enthusiasmis at a discounj; in tlie Germany army;, and who. can woöder at it ? What nation- in the world with any actiye spirit of manliness iwould consent to be a nation of drilled and disciplined, soldiers witli no wili of itsown, bnt like a hnge .machine to standjready ; to be anovedhere or there atthewhim 'of its, diEector,.; simply. for; the uphöldiiig of the, Imperial authority,- whatever that maj méan! —ibid/. i , • ''... • ." Y: the way, distj^uishes itself at tiie outset by. publishrng this para^raph (whilst the contest was .yet. waging) ;—- The present aspirari±B for the «ivic chair oaja- besjt be »dBScribedaat^pubUeaaand^#ppoj^|^fi£ee: neither one jior the other would; be a <feinty dish to J8et before; tjifi ;hieir'apparent' to the Briiish Throne. 5 ' i tJntil inow we wepe unaware that the Prince of Wales ,was inyesteld with appetites whML J gave foundation for, all the .traditiönary, horrors known to nursemaids and others -of that dass. Poor felioiw-i M ;; n ^ *> . TÉ eÄjöythe iråäkness and erraticism^f onr ^^JCt^t^éo-iafaM so that *we want to see it öftenér.' 'It is ^Öod^readiäg for djrapéptic pfeople. T is scarcely the coirect thing to contradict any I nautical autho^y^ btxt it was to the ntinost atisurd tö ät^ribnfé Uie iow tide of Tuesjlay to the' demand for Syäter fo;iill : the New Dotek !— By the wäy, J tlie' ! wbifk thére is progressihg with the r^giilanty winch alöne can bé attribujted to pr^ticai knöwledge and effectual applianc^. OME people .,wonld call this-double-shotted ; S but; it is .a way that the. Éegister has, o ing >at both sides ©f a question tenderly"The decision of thecitizensin regardto the Mayorälty : as expressed by the ballot-box is a legitimate «ause ..for satisfaccion. [A little, too decided.] Indeed, with two, good. pien in the lield it could , not be ötherwise. " ! Jp^icely qualified : repult, a fair balanee.] - .. •"VTOW that pleuro-pneumonia is known to be ll prevalent, the question as to the purity of the milk. with whiaih we are supplied is exciting livvely:attention. Wé- are: glad to ; say tiiat,iso far as jwie arie. iaware, . thpre; is.no sign of Äsease in this immediate district,;;:but;it is a.hprrid thirigto imagine the posability. that our friends at a 4istance may :be daijy taking doses of concentrateddisease. r have pleasure innotirig;this new arrangement respecting a Bank which *!has a floimshing branch a± the JPori.:—Telegraphic äd- <vioes have been received to the^effect that the directors of :thé: Union,Bank of Australisk intend to take advantage of the icfc xecently passed by the Imperial Legislattwe and register the bank under rthé <3ompaaias'; Apts 1302 to 1879, increasing the a.moivntiiof ithe.&hares; froajt £25 to £75 each, the additional ,£50 'p6r. share being intended exclu- : r sively.asgua,rantee, ox " reserye " capital. Under the mtendted arrangement the paid-up capital of the ba!nk will be £1,500,000; the paid-up reserve fund, £800jé00:; the guarantee, or "resreve" icapilal,, ^£3,000,000—togeiher, ^'5,300,000. The shareholdérs will thus see a. limit to their liabili^, ..while the public will be guaranteed to the extent of nearly £4,000,000," över and above the . paid-iip capital'"of thie bank. A special nieeting of the sharéliolders is" called for 12th January next, in" London; tö jgiyecffect to the proposak of the diréctors, thé tehdency of which must be to do awäiy with ainy deterrent influence attaching to "unlimited liability," and to keep the share-list in a sätisfactor> position as to the wealth and respectability of the proprietors. f Å NY strangpr coming to P ;ort. Adelaidé with a view ito estimaiing its päpabOities ,would wonder, why on eartli such creeks as • those named Tam Ö^Shanter and Hawker's were not utilized for .the pu^ose of !water-ways för the public. 'Pie..s]^éndid .natqral of a network of canals, running into the very; heart of a thickly-popuiated' district, would lift up the grateful heart. of a Dutchman so that he *would require äll his natural ballast to keep hip anywhere near down tö the soles of iiis high-lows. UT there are hundreds • of people whö have B no. affisction for Jndkins, and they rwonder if -there is any truth in the proverb that-^ " Where there is smoke there must be firef" In other words, they want to know if there^ caii possibly be any substrata of fact underlyihg 'his flighty statements. We know that all the Police authprities are decidedly above suspicioii; but might not some of the very lowest in the Iforce, Somp of the ugliest-looking, yöu know 1 Eh i HE twénty- two years' total abstainer, whö is T moreover a Methodist Minister,! whö addressed the Adelaide Mayor elect in deptecation of the hostility of the other side, mtfet be "a down-easter. He must be a smart businöss in. The inference is^ that he wants !to do business and sees his way. We recomménd Mr. Smith to keep, his eye upon that Metljodist', and to button his pocket when his Mend «öhies up to town on the Timbuctoö Mission business. HAT several hotels grew suddenly shbrt of T • champagne, and that many grew very löw in their stock; of beer, during the prevalence .of the recent enÖiusiaam, is a fact that Bluntlwaits' explained. Ii -trade grows so brisk on special occasions, -would it. not be well to have r them more >frequently l ANT.of those persons who have givenjattesntion to the question of University éduca- M tion have felt that the standards set up I many years ago fail to meet • the utilitarian aspejctis^ öf the* present -day^: We shall be sorry if the" 'oM ideas of >what shohld.constitute the edupfit^on of a citizen of the. world should. receive [a too conervative bias.; and we cannot but regrét that Mr. Ghapple's motion to induce the Henate of the Adelaide University to rank attainments in some branch or branches of l^atural Science with an equal degree of proficiency in Greek, German, and Fcench was lost. We hope that matter will be reconsidered. MORE awkwärd invitation to swear than that A forwarded to the Chief Justice on a i-ecent occasion has not been issued since the irrepressible ghost in Hamlet declined tö hold his peace until someone. was got to swear. Proce sdings at the recent civic election were brpughi to a ståhdstill until ä gentleman in scarlet and örimsön appeåred on the scene, and volunteered lus services. Mr. Boucaut, as usual, was round the corner and saw no objection, although we doubt if anyone cöuld prove that he committecl himself to a definite opinion T f look- HE talk is that the Port Adelaide Reg^tta is T boiind to be a big ^success this yearJ The arrangements are being undertaken with Ivigor, •and there is already an indication of i very satisfactory s\ibscription-list for prizes. \ The programme will be fully up to that öf lastj year. T HERE is a. goöd déal! of 'doubt as to what. a stnng- test means in relation to boaté. So far as we can understand it, thé tåeäning t^at the phrase: cphveys' to röwing men' is that a string starting ffom the keel should touchjevery timber of the boäfc up to the rowlocks, Iwhich are carried on the gunwale. T is intended to^ retain Yakoob Khan junder I restrain in India., That's right ; he will be able to sympathise now with jack Smith knd a number of other géntlemen doiniciled at Dry Creek. Still we are a little soriy for poot Yakoob, and ädvise him ,to bear it äs patiently as he can. Å PEDESTRIAN" tournament for. females— we presume "ladies," not women—is arranged in Sydney. We suppose they havethe right class of people for that sort of thing. Would not a talking tournament be far more attractive? We fancy entries would be possible änywhere, and there would be less sense of unfitness. The female muscular developments are (in Blunt's opinion) particularly .in favör of the latter competition. E have a highly-interesting and moral tale W of a tail for publication, but cannot retail it because it might give offence to a man rpund the corner who takes tangle-foot whiskey, and to a dog who has had a misfortune with his caudal appendage. But then we have laughed enough at the narrative for all our readers, although we have read it twice before. We fell sorry now that But, what's the use, we can't. T HE ft new brooms ,r iti the Cöuncil willbe making a clean sweep of business. Among the items tJiat will posdbly occupy attention måy be mentioned these propositions :—(1) That the Right Worshipful thb Mayor be allowed älways to wear .his official robe within the limit of the municipality, and tbat he be attended thfoiigh the strééts by thé Corporation Beadle. (2) That the Town CIerk be ^ermitted to " let out a tuck " in. his official robe, that its length may be decently increased. (3) That the Town J&iwypyoz; be xequested not to employ any spirit Ieyél(ler) near äny hotel !n Port. (4) That the Insjpector of Nuisances shall be allowed tö consult an oculist and. purchase a scent-bottle. (5) That thetlate Collector bé provided with a pocketpistol. (6) That the Silt Check Clerk be pro- Vided with ai stretcher. (7) That members of the Corporatioii may attend on official occasions at the sweaiilDg-in of Port lumpers ; and the swearing-out of ditto. And other matters to bé dealt with as they axise. E are singularly influenced by surrounding circumstances in developing enthusiasm in a good cause. Our first anxiety is—Who's in it 1 Next—Does Mrs. Grundy approve 1 If Robinson has aught to do with it, Brown at ohce declines any connection. The question is not whether the affair is deserving of our support» but whether "proper," five-buttoned kid-glove people have smiled upon it in the mawkiah way that pertains to undoubted respectability. A Governor can throw an attractive charm over repulsive ugliness, and give a patent for grace to abjsolute deformity. A Bishop can do pretty nearly as much; nay, he can do more if ecclesiasticäsm is a desiderated element. A Member of Parlament can sometimes make a very unsanitary piece of bnsiness quite savoiy; and so on, down the social scale. If we had only a fewblue-blooded Lords couldn't we get on bravely! But then, alas! that curinudgeon, Spleen, says that we needn't put much store on peers, for after all the best blood and the purest blood in England belongs to the lower middle class, the decentrespectable people ,whp can't aSord to be frisky and swellish. This is too dreadful, and of course Spleen must be silenced. OME öf the comic papers—is it in Victoria 1— S havé the reputation pf having drawn their adyertisemem» (in a inanner of speaking)jat the rnuzzle of a six- shoöter. We can scarcely! credit that, but the ädvertiseinents themselves have a sort of—vell, &ightene;'d appearance, theyhuddle thémselves up so, you know! UR friend Blunt says that a highly-bred O churchman (say) of the Greek persuasion will scörh tö tall a lie ; but suchjjs his strong iprejudice against sectanans that he cannot speak the truth aböut them. Singularly enough we have seen the point illustrated recently outside the påle of the Greek Churbh. B Y the way, it is reported that Captain Moonlite was once a lay- reader. It's a mercy he did not belpng to the New Jerusalemites, or wé BhoUld not have been able to show him any sympathy • should we, now 1 There are a great many interesting tales current about Möonlite, but we believé most of them are mere moonshine. HE Import Company's Circular has come out T in a newguise, talmig up the cast-off name of thé Episcopalian Standard. It seems to po some quality in common with that unconscientious salt-water hermit, which takes possession of a vacant shell that had belonged to some one of its neighbours. But we must not be otherwise than Mndly in speaking of our newly- dight contemporaiy. The get up is creditable, and the venture—strictly commercial—should be successful.- HÉ Stav is very savage in its comments upo the action of the CMef Justice in swearingin the Adelaide Mayor-elect. Yery many beople were astonished, and some folks went beyond that ; but we shall be very much more suxprised ,if . tie hintof our contémporary is carried into effect. No sane metropolitan would venture on the institution of proceedings, and no sane lawyer dare to. take . up thecase. Mr. W. Y. Smith—— But then, it won't be done. HAT odd compound, De Lacy Evans, the T w oman-man, hsw grpwn quite womanly under* hospital treatment in Victoria. The same sort of thing might be applied in other quarters and fail; but as in this case the poor creature had grown quite masculine, and yet has beenwomanizedt there are, hopes even for some of the unsexed creatiLres one meets with in the better circles of society. HE telegrams tell us that the first pile of the T Ardrossan Jetty extens^on was driven Dec. 8, and Mr. Waterman purchased the first load df wheat same day. How many piles*is Ardrossan to get, andisMr. Waterman the only oneattempting to "make a pile," or.are the othep people interested in the jetty at the same kind Öf work 1 [The writer pf this very w«ak paragrap)tx is now off the premises.—Ed.] Å SYSTEM of insurance for girlB has existed for several generations among the Danish nobility of Copenhagen. A nobleman=upon the birth of his daughter, . enrols her name with the insurance society, paying at the time a fee, and subsequently an annual sum, until ^she peaches twenty-one. She then becoines entitled to a fixed income from the society, and to apartmentsin the large building of the association which is surrounded by gardens and a park. , Should her father die in her childhood, she may imipediately occupy the apartment if she so desires. _^Should she die or marry, the income and the right to a home both lapse. The plan is very advantageous for women leading a single life. TKis system would do admirably if transplanted to this bolony, only unfortunately our young ladies " care more for assurance, and do not care about leading single lives. HE choir of the Congregational Ohurch, T Port Adelaide (leacfer, Mr. Crocker Smith ; organist, Mr. Channon), may deservedly claim to to be as good as any in the whole districi. The singing is excellent in time and method,.^nd the effort is apparently to lead and help the congregation rather than distance it. 1 . HE writer of " Amalgam " in a Victorian contémporary threatens to publish Corporation T speeches verbatim, "with all their hésitations, stops, repetitions, solecisms, b^d grammar, and worse pronunciation. After that they will appreciate the services of the reporters^, dressing them down a little." *This is a terrime threat to hold over the heads of any body öf men, but especially over the ordinary race of borough fathers." UDKINS has got into trouble again-; for his J polite attentions to sundry members of the Police Department. They seem naturallj drawn to each other. He goés to a meeting, and they follow him; he addresses them in distinctive terms, aiid as a result they invite him to follow them! He has spent a mönth in H. M. Gaol, admiring the excellent management of that largehearted and hospitable man, Mr. Howell—in many senses " the father of his people;" and had a fairehance of renewing the acquaintance. But Mr. Beddome has a soft plaee in his heart for gentiemen of Mr Judkius' type, and so a finewas substituted on the second otfence. By-the way, the Police are not without their reward: j according to this gentleman's account Sergeaht Sullivan got his promotion to a Sub-Inspectorship by the zeal shown in the prosecution ; : we should have thought the twenty-three years' service and an excellent chciracter for efiiciency and intelligence might have had something to do with.it. * ARRACOORTE has had a red-letter day: N its Rifle Company turned out to interview Colonel Downes, namely five officers and eleven privates. The proportion of officers is rather large, but then, as the Colonel remarked, tlie privates are very intelligent, and may require more than an ordinary amount of supervision. NOTHERjvictim to the public.ésteem ! Mr. Å Braddock, who after acting as agent for the Bank of South Australia at Maitländ for a long time, has been appointed teller ät the Port Branch of the same Bank. could not escape a testimoniaL He seems in some way to have incurred the severe good-feeling of the people there, and they vented their opinion; at the very earliest opportunity by compelling him to accept a sess gold watch and an address. The poor fellow managed to get away with his life ! HE accident of an accident''! That's pithy T enough! But to whom does it apply ? Let the illuistration come from a railwäy pässenger : " Why, you see, Sir, if Glyde hadii't been accidentally defeated that time he was Treasurer, his Ministry would have kept office., In that case Mr. Way would not have been accidentally Attörney-General. Then Chief Justice Haåson accidentally died, and by accident the .Oabinet had to appoint a successor. No doubt the combat betweenMr. Boucaut and Mr. Way then Was like a mortal struggle ; but by accident Mr. Bouoaut preferred lns ' bold and comprehensive scheme' of being a political saviour to his oountry—ålas, and alack !—to the robe of Justice, and po quite accidentally Mr. Way became Chief Justice. Then next we had a series of accidents with our Governors, and this exemplar of all the aöcidents became Acting Governor time and again, until the erstwhile hero of a lawyers common blue bag began to feel to ( themannerbom.': Now, what an extraordinary career, aint it, Sir ? and all by accident, as you may say ! And now one of the country papers says that he's likely to get in for a twelvemonths' leave of absence, by accident, but the salary is to be full, and not at all left to accident. Truly wonderful!" " Yes, but you see everyone has thought well of him, and has said he deserved all the good he's got, which " " Tickets, please," said the porters " . O the crops are to yield two bushels mor? S than the farmers expected. Twelvé bushels was tb be the average, and that was to* give us i £4,000,000 märket money. Now, one-si±th more, I or say in round numbers, £666,666 j 