OPENING OF THE NEW NAVE OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, BEECH- WORTH. MORNING. On Sunday last the services at St. Joseph's Church, Beeehworth, were par ticularly interesting, the occasion being tlie opening of the new nave in connection with tlie church by His Lordship Dr Crane, bishop of tlie diocese. The new edifice, which we partly described in our Saturday's issue, is, we may add, a most handsome structure, tlie walls being of stone and tlie ceiling of polished pine, and is canable of seating over 1500 persons comfortably. About eight hundred attend ed the church on Sunday morning, repre sentatives of every sect and creed being present, showing the Christian fellowship and unity existing between tlie various churches in Beeehworth. At 11 o'clock His Lordship the Bishop, attended by the Revs. Father Cahill (of Melbourne), Dr McAlroy (of Albury), and Father Seanlan (of Be nalla), — the latter throughout tlie services acting as assistant-priest and master of ceremonies — performed the ceremony of blessing the building both inside and out. This having been done, Pontifical High Mass was celebrated by His Lordship, assisted by the Rev. Dr McAlroy as deacon, and the Rev. Fathers Cahill, sub- deacon, and Seanlan ; the combined choirs of St. Joseph's and the Albury churches, assisted by Mr. S taker (whose vocal ability is well known in these parts), of Melbourne rendering most effectively tlie " Georgius Mass. Mr Hugo Alpen, of Albury, in a most efficient manner acting as accompanist on the organ. Father Cahill, S.G., delivered eloquent discourses both morning 'and evening, most appro priate to the occasion. It was a matter of general regret that tlie Rev. Dean Tierncy, the minister of this parish, was, through illness, unable to be present on this occasion ; the Rev. Father Cahill, during the course of his sermon, dwelling most feelingly on the fact that on the previous (Saturday) evening the Dean was so ill that it was found necessary to administer the last sacrament, it being thought that lie could not survive through that night, but on that (Sunday) morning, the preacher informed liis hearers a change for the better had taken place. About forty persons (mostly children) presented themselves as candidates for confirmation, His Lordship performing the ceremony of the " laying on of hands." The Rev. Father Cahill took liis text from Genesis xxviii. 17 — "And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place ' this is none other but the House of God, and this is the Gate of Heaven"' — the words spoken by the patriarch Jacob after lie had awaked from his sleep at Bethel, in which God had favored him with a mysterious vision, wherein lie saw a ladder set up reaching from earth to heaven, and on which the angels of God were descending and ascending. That mysterious ladder and the descending and ascending angels made all human beings to know that there was constant communication between this world and heaven, and that the angels were the protectors of souls in particular, and of the cliurcli in general. The patri arch saw that the place in which lie uttered tlie above words was holy, and the Catholic Church applied those words to the temples which she erected to the honor of the Divine Majesty. God, in the words of St. Paul, " dwells not in temples made with hands" yet he was present in spirit in them. Angels were present by the side of those then present in the church, put ting into their minds good thoughts, and into their hearts holy desires. Those angels ascended to heaven and down to earth again with the rapidity of lightning with those blessings which they sought for. God loved men's souls, on which His own image was impressed. Although the earth was filled with the glory of God, still He was present in such temples such as the one in which they then were assembled to praise Him — not merely as he was from eternity, but since he became man on eartli. Was it not true then to say that that place was the House of God and the Gate of Heaven l The temple of God was holy, and led men to Him. Let them consider in what consisted the sanctity of the House of God. It was holy, but with with sanctity peculiar to itself. Before such temples as the one in which they then were were erected, there was but one in all Israel — that of Solomon at Jeru salem — which was holy and filled with the majesty of God, who descended into and sanctified it by an especial promise. It prefigured those temples of the Christian Church now erected. It was destroyed, and the Jewish people were now scattered and had lived up to the present day with out offering up sacrifice to God. Blind and infatuated, they mistook the promise that others would be erected in its stead. Before its destruction it was honored by tlie "Word made Flesh" and year after year did Jesus visit that temple. On account of the persecution raging, tlie faithful Christians met together in secret and offered up prayer, not in magnificent temples, but in private houses and in the catacombs, with sentinels placed at the entrances, to watch for the approach of their numerous enemies. For 300 years had saerififttt Iip.pti t.hnR nffprp<-l nn tkn martyrs who during those years of per secution were slain were in truth the temples of the living God. Peace came after the" conversion of tlie Emperor Constantine from barbarism to Chris tianity, and liis first act afterwards was to erect a church to Jesus Christ in Rome ; and year by year Christians from all parts piously visit it, and in doing so are put in remembrance of the persecutions which the early believers in tlie faith had to undergo for then- belief. That house in which they now were worshiping was holy. And why i Because God was there, and dwelt in it in an especial manner, and it was holy for the same reason as was the temple of Solomon. In the latter place sacrifices of sheep and oxen were offered up, wliich, as St. Paul said, were vain and empty how. But they were prefigurative of the great Sacrifice made for the Christian church ; and when God looked down upon earth and heard the prayers of the people, he sanctified and then justified them. The Sacrifice then offered up was O.I- -I.IJi..- ,1.. iC£, .1.1-1 V.'.iS llUC llllW 111 I l.io C lull1 'lie O.iUi e.i offoivd up figuratively, but in reality, in the form of the blessed sacrament, which was offered up by the same priest now as then, who although he was but a mortal man, yet spoke in the name of the Saviour, and was a ' ' priest for ever, according to the order of Mel- chisedech." Christ was a High Priest of infinite majesty, and also a victim most holy — not offered up by the Jews on Calvary, but by himself. God had said to him when being baptized in Jordan by John ' ' Thou art my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." This was always true, but God must have felt it to be doubly so when he looked down upon Jesus when nailed to the Cross. If the temples built to the honor of Jesus Cluist had walls of silver and the roof supported by pillars of gold, studded with precious stones ; would not all that be found to be too little to offer Him s The spirit of God dwelt in the temples erected in His honor, and brought people there, borne ou sue wiugs oi love, luuuciug xuem iu go thitlier to pray. God did this with the love He bore to His people, in order to sanctify them and prepare them for ever lasting glory. 'They were born children of wrath, and were brought to the House of God to have the stain of wrath re moved from them, and made to become once more the children of God and heirs to the Kingdom of Heaven through bap tism and the administration of the holy Sacrament. As they passed from infancy to childhood, the further need of being brought nearer to God was felt, and when instructed sufficiently in His Word they received another sacrament, by which tlie Holy Ghost entered into their hearts and prepared them for the battles which they would have to fight in their journey through life. This sacrament was con ferred in the House of God, which there fore again becomes lioly. Man was prone to sin, and when lie sinned he felt the desire of ridding himself of the burden, and went to the House of God. which was a tribunal where mercy was dispensed, and addressed himself to a priest appointed as a representative of Christ, from whom lie received holy, soothing words, which restored tlio peace and joy which lie, in sinning, had lost before. This was still another reason why the church was the " House of God and the Gate of Heaven." In the administration of tlie Holy Sacra ment was dispensed that bread wliich was the fruit of Christ's body, and the wine His blood. Christ had said that it was such, and as sucli they received it, know ing that by it His Spirit entered into their hearts, and that He was their God and their Saviour ; they therefore must feel it incumbent upon them to prepare them selves for His kingdom in Heaven. When tlie Divine Lord condescended to be present at a marriage, Ho sanctified that union which was but a type of the espousal of Jesus Clu-ist to his bride the Church ; another reason why that Cliurcli should be called the " House of God and the Gate of Heaven." Tliey saw therefore, in how many ways grace came to them in that hoty place ; but tlie day will come when all would enter that place iu another manner ; when their bodies would be borne in and sacrifice ottered up for the repose of their souls, which, through the prayers of the saints, would be sanctified ; for if tliey had died witli the stain of sin upon their souls, they could not enter into the Kingdom of 'God, in whose house upon earth the necessary purification could take place, whereby the soul would be enabled to enter into Heaven sanctified and blessed, when it would be rendered like to the glorified body of Christ. This was yet another reason why the cliurcli was the "House of God and the Gate of Heaven," and proved to tlieni that it was a lioly place. Tlie temple iu wliich they were then assembled liad been erected for the worship of God only, and in which invocations were offered up to the holy saint St. Joseph, the spouse or the Holy Virgin, and the foster father of Jesus Clu-ist, and who was also the patron saint of that church. St. Joseph was looking down upon tlieni, and would present petitions from the in to the Almighty. But the holy church, when she appointed a saint as a patron, did not appoint him only as a patron but also as a model ; and St. J oseph was a model of every virtue and of great sanctity and purity. Tliey would not in vain invoke tlie aid of St. Joseph. Every temple which liad been erected since the con version of tlie Emperor Constantine were monuments of the faith of Christ, and not only gave faith to those who liad erected the in, but also to future ages. Many had been demolished, and others taken away from the Catholic religion ; but their ruins still remained, proving that their religion liad been founded on a rock, and the gates of liell and death could not prevail aught against it. In Eng land alone how many churches had thus been wrested from the Catholic faith, and in which other and false doctrinos were now taught. Let them look at West minister, which had been wrested from the Catholic faith by that monster Henry VIII and others, and although it liad been taken away, the Catholics looked forward to its restoration to them again. Tlie Catholic doctrine, however, still remained the same, however others changed, and converts were fiocking to the Catholic Cliurcli daily. He (tlie speaker) felt that it was growing stronger and stronger. Shoulda cardinal again enter Westminster, what doctrine would lie preach I The no jjj. ulluiicci oil wit; lhsioiu) u1icl ilc would also recall the minds of liis hearers those persecutions of 300 years ago, and the love of God to His church. Father Cahill then brieliy referred to the ruins of the Catholic churches iu England and Ireland, which had been destroyed in the reigns of Elizabeth and Cromwell, and wliich, he said, spoke to them as eloquently, as did St. Deter s at Rome of the stability of the Catholic faith. Why had they been de stroyed i In the vain efforts o ("tyrants to demolish the faith ; but although they had succeeded in destroying the material temple, tliey were not able to do so to to the spiritual — the temple of the soul. A day might come when after years of similar persecution the church in wliicli those then present might be destroyed. But this would still give testimony to their faith, proving again that it was built upon a rock, and coukl never be moved. There was yet another way in which tlie Word of God tended to create faith. It was in t he temple of 'God that tliey as sembled together to pray to Him, and as Liiej Axii sit xogeuiier, tiitsy teiv tnnt tliey were united in the bonds of charity, and likewise knew each other and one another's strength, and felt they belonged to flic one fold, u ider one Shepherd ; and one ' f tin; great advantages of the Christian Church was to do so. God accepted tlie cliurcli in which tliey were as an offering, and called upon all to complete the work which liad been so nobly begun ; and who would not give to Him love for love jn return for the future glory which lie wag preparing for tlieni in Heaven. Tljq work of erecting the church was one 'of their worthy and devoted pastor's acts ; and how many temples had been erGctecl by liim and them (for without their aid lie would be powerless) throughout , .tlie- district. The erection of tlie church in Beeehworth, was, so to speak, the crown ing work of his life, and tlie joy attendant on its opeiimgjwas saddened by the thought that he had been struck down on the very eve of the day to wliich he had so eagerely looked forward. On tlie previous d'hy he had been, indeed, so ill that it was to-iiiu lieocsaitry lo n. tmimsicr tu him clic I iasc Sacraments, and lie . had shown no reluctance whatever to leave this world. He (the speaker) was glad to announce, however, that there had that day been a change for the better in their pastor's liealtli ; and urged them to please liim by being generous towards God, who would not be overcome in liberality towards them. In doing so, they would restore peace to their minds, when they brought to rememberaiice then- multiplite sins. A collection in of the building fund was then taken up, and was most liberally responded to. A large number of candidates for con firmation were then presented, and con firmed by His Lordship Dr Crane. evening. In the evening Pontifical Vespers were conducted, before a congregation of about 1500 iu number, and the sermon on this occasion also was preached by the Rev. Father Caliill, who took for liis text part of the 20tli verse of tlie first chapter ot the Gospel according to St. Matthew — "Joseph, thou son of David, fear nor. to take unto thee Mary, thy wife, for that wliich is conceived in her is of tlie Holy Ghost." Their thoughts that day had (he remarked) necessarily turned to Joseph, under whose invocation the church in which they then were had been erected to the Divine Majesty ; and he would have tlieni turn their attention to the communion of saints, uuder which the placing of the cliurcli under the invocation of St. Joseph came. By the communion of saints was meant the existence of a holy sympathy and fellow- feeling binding them together, and which was not limited by space nor time, but went with the blessed into eter nity, and turned their thoughts back to this world in a form more perfect and more holy. The blessed in Heaven sympathised with the people now on earth. In virtue of this, all were one great family, working together for tlie . .1 /\C r\l> ri ut iii/iiif 4li n 4 UX. VAUklj » Alilt tJilU. 111 >JA?W UllilU of attaining a glorified place in Heaven. They had tlie power of helping each other : But whence came that power I Was it inherent in themselves I Whence did the prayers of the faithful derive their efficacy I . When tliey obtain grace from God for a neighbor, did tliey dispense grace as a a thing \ No ; it came from God. Of themselves they were nothing, but when the merits of obtaining grace from God were made over to tlie m, efficacy was given to thier prayers, which were heard by Him. Prayers offered up by different persons liad various degrees of efficacy. Whatever might be the power of prayer, it came from Christ ; for " there is no other name uuder heaven given amongst men whereby we may bo saved." The greater the sympathy and the more perfect the charity with which they prayed for tlieir neighbor, the more efficacious and the more acceptable before God would those prayers become. St. Paul told them that after this life faith and hope disappeared, but not charity, which, on the contrary, was perfect in Heaven. There must be the utmost con formity of will between the blessed in Heaven and the Creator, and, necessarily, their thoughts must turn to tlie world. The saints for ever gazed on the wounds on the body of Jesns Christ and on His pierced heart, which was for ever beating for those remaining in this world, who have human naturelike to that wliich Christ had while on eartli. Did tlie saints still possess that power wliich tliey possessed while on earth. A child came to the altar of God, and there ottered up a prayer on belialf of liis mother. A few days after this God called that child to Him, and the mother came to the same altar, weeping. But liad she no consolation in her aitiictioii \ Yes; for she clung to tlie belief that the love of the child had been reuderedyet more strong. Wasitnoc there fore congruous and consistent with religion that Christians should believe in such power I Tlie merits of Jesus Christ gave eiiicacy to prayer, and He was the mediator between the world and God the Father. They all knew that the patron saint of that church, >St. Joseph, was looking down and watching over it. The efficacy of prayer depended, as lie (the speaker) had already said, on the sanctity and dignity of those offering it up. Hence itwas that they of the Catholic faith esteemed so highly and had resource to the prayers of the blessed Virgin Mary, who was the greatest of all the saints, because more closely connected with God and had greater charity andsanciity than all the elect. They saw, as it were, the glory of her son re flected backupou her, who was the mother of Him who was the true God, and, at tlie same time true man. She liad liad con ferred upon her greater dignity than that conferred oil any pure creature, and she was now sitting by the side of Jesus Christ on a similar throne. And did she not deserve that place I Those of the Catholic faith loved lier and prayed to her, feeling and knowing that tlie doctrine was consistent with right reason. She was redeemed by God like unto tlie other elect, but in a more perfect manner. Was not the doctrine of the communion of saints a beautiful one I And wasit not right that tliey should render God thanks for the glory conferred upon His elect, who inre- turn look down upon and watched over Christians. But while they do this they looked upon the sacred heart. Christians must never forget that the saints in Heaven were once like unto themselves — slaves oi sin. But they rose, and to see them vaiaeil in glory encouraged all to follow their example, which he (the speaker) urged them to follow. Let them take St. Joseph, for example, and though they would not be able to come up to liim in point of sanctity ; yet let them imitate liis life, remembering that lie was a mortal man and died like tliey would all die ; but all through life lie had followed the good course marked out for liim. The rev. gentleman concluded liis discourse by again urging liis hearers to follow St. Joseph s good example, that they might one day be numbered amongst the elect of God. A collection was then made; but, owin«- chiefly through an oversight on tlie part of Father Seanlan in the morning, in not announcing that there woukf be a collection in the evening, the sum subscribed was far below what would other wise most undoubtedly have been given — being but a little over £0, as against £47 collected at morning service. (This latter sum, 'of course, included the takings at the door.) the Blessed Sacrament by His Lordship the Bishop concluded the services, and the unusually large congregation dis persed. Yaok.vndandaic Warden's Court.— On Friday last the case of A. Moncrieffv Turner and Green, for trespass, was pro ceeded with. Mr Zincke for plaintiff. Defendants applied for an. adjournment, as i\Lr Bowman was not present. Ad journed till two p.m. on following day, to be heard in Beeehworth. The Court ad journed. The Bray Fund. — The lion, treasurer, Mr Richard Warren, desires us to ac knowledge tlie receipt of 2s, to the Bray Fund, contributed by Mrs Holstein, of Bright, forwarded by Sister Darbysliire, of the Bright Lodge, No. 118, I.O.G.T. It is particularly requested that any ad ditional outstanding contributions may be sent iu immediately to Mr Warren, as the committee intend finally closing the lists in a few days. Rain. — The mucli lookcd forward-to break in the weather took place last (Mon day) night, and the drought wliich had been most severely felt by all sections of the commiuiity — the farmers and niiners, in particular — throughout the colony, for the past few months (a most unusual circumstance in this country, at this season of the year) may be looked upon as having completely broken up ; as from nearly all parts of Victoria we hear of showers of rain having fallen — and not too soon. Monday was most oppressive, with wind blowing all day, raising clouds of dust, and the absence of the waterman to sprinkle the streets was much commented on by local tradesmen. It reus usual last summer for tlie man in charge of the waterworks to lay the dust in tlie princi pal streets of tlie towii ; but under the present regime this is not done ; for why, we know not. Well, tlie welcome change took place shortly before eleven o'clock, p.m. , and from that hour up to the time nvn h-im f.i n it ( civ nV.lockl it was minirior lib ULV/ u xi.wi.Mg — / .. hard, with fierce gusts of wind blowing from the north, so that a continuance of wet weather may be reasonably expected ; and for the next week or so we prognosti cate a series of showei-3 and fine weather, with rain one day and the heavens dark ened with qlouds, and next warm, with a cloudless sky. There is a probability, it may be said, of the present weather being the forerunner of the rain which is ex pected at this time of the year, and that is borne out by the fact that there are no indications of a continuance of the drought but everything points to coming, heavy showers of rain. Roman Catholic. — The ceremony of opening tlie newly- erected nave of St. Joseph's Church, Beeehworth, was on Sunday last performed by His Lordship Dr Crane, Bishop of the diocese, assisted by tlie Rev. Fathers Cahill and Seanlan and the Rev. Dr McAlory. The church was on the occasion thronged in every part, the congregation being composed oi persons of every persuasion, which is al ways, and justly so, considered to be a special feature on an occasion like this. It is a remarkable fact ; but the members of the various denominations in Beeehworth — no matter whether tliey belong to High | Church or followers of the simple teaching i of John Wesley, or of John Knox — are ever ready to unite together on one com mon footing, sinking all differences of opinion as to the several forms of religion in which tliey believe, to lend a. helping hand to one another when required. Would that it were so all over the worid. Then would the differences, which in what are known as the "good old times" led to so much bloodshed, and was the cause of so many of the sanguinary eonllicts which remain as a dark stain on the page of the world's history, bo ( >r over done away with and peace and unity reigu supreme. These remarks suggested themselves to our minds when on Sunday evening we glanced around upon the well-filled pews in St. Joseph's Church. The Rev. Father Cahill, who is justly styled the celebrated Jesuit preacher, and is a decided ornament to the Church of Rome, delivered two most eloquent sermons, suitable to the occasion : and although faults may be found in them by meuibersof Protestant denominations, scill they must be admitted by — even the most rabid opponents of the doctrines taught by the Catholic Church — to be full of Scriptural proofs, although, as a matter of course, in sonic parts not in accordance with the views of those edu cated in the religion of Protestantism. The Roman Catholic Church is ever noted for the excellency of the musical portion of its services, and Sunday last was no exception to this ; for the usual choir was supplemented by some lady and gentlemen members of the Albury church choir, to gether until Air S taker, of Melbourne, Mr Alpen, of Albury. acting as accompanvist, oil a splendidly t mod American cabinet organ, in a most efiicient manner. Benalla Police Court. — On Monday before Messrs W. Little, McBean and Ncwcoinen, J.P.'s, the following case were dealt with : — S. Heiidrick v Mary Short, for assault. It appeared that defendant wished to cross on a bridge erected at Hendrick's, leading through his selection, to which he objected, thereby provocating the assault. Mr McDonnell for plaintiff ; Mr Turner for defendant. Fined 20s or 3.4 days' imprisonment, with 2(is costs Short v H. Hendrick and wife for assault. Mr McDonnell for defendant ; Mr Turner for plaintiff. Case dismissed. Eliza Hendrick v Mary Short for insulting language. Mr McDonnell for defendant ; Mr Turner for plaintiff. Case struck out. Glover v J. T. Gray for embezzlement of 5s G'l. Mr Pow for plaintiff. Plaintiff stated that defendant had been employed by liim on the 2.1st February to collect accounts, and on that day defendant received the sum of 5s 5d which had not been accounted for, from Mrs Lindsay. Isabella Lindsay (called) produced receipt for 5s 5d, signed Glover and Gray. J. T. Gray, in defence, stated that he did not repudiate the amount, and that it was an act of forgetfnlness on his part or he would have paid the amount over. The case was dismissed. W. Newcomen v R. Simpson, for agistment of cattle. This was an action to recover £5 for grazing 50 head of cattle. Verdict for amount, with 26s costs ; in default, distress. The court then adjourned. Wahguxyaii SrouT.s Queen's Birth- day. — We are glad to learn that active preparations are being made for ihi above sports on May 24th. The programme is first-class, and notwithstanding thodulness of the time it is a sure thing, should the day prove propitious, both the visitors and residents of our district will be able to pass a most enjoyable day. It is to be hoped now that Wahgunyah has roused itself from its lethargy that once again the good old times will arrive, when Wah gunyah was said to be a most jolly town. The Strike at the Exjiidition at Sydney. — The strike lias completely col lapsed. The greater portion of the men applied and obtained re-engagement. One of the prominent strikers writes that the alarming frequency of accidents froui fall ing tools, the work necessitating scores of men working below others, is a sufficient cause for increased \vages. Yagkandandah Competitive Exami nation. — The concert and distribution of prizes on Friday, the 2nd May, will be a red letter - day for the youngsters at Yackaiidandah. Ou the evening of that m«wv u&1a? jiiiwo liub lubcllli uuui- potitive examination, as awarded by Mr A. Loughrey, Inspector of Schools, will bo presented by that gentleman in the Assembly Rooms to the fortunate re cipients. The children, under the leader ship of their respected teacher, Mr Robinson, assisted by a few gentlemen who sustain the heavy parts, will render part — songs, glees, pianoforte solos and duets, &c.; The rooms will no doubt 1 e thronged by parents and others interested ; ami assuredly tli ; sight will be worlh seeing ; as well as the vocal and instru- mentalportion which promises tobe a novel and refreshing treat. The prizes are most varied, and contain many presents alike valuable, useful and elegant;-.: and comprise writing-desks (in papier-mache and inlaid work), work-boxes, valuable bo'Jks, bridles, whips, spurs, inkstands, &c.; , Ac. A full report will appear after the distribution. The admission is liked at 2s and Is ; and without doubt- -the question will be, " Where are we to put them all 1" Beschworth Police 0 urt.— On Sa turday, before Mr John Turner, J. P., John Morris , was charged with being drunk and disorderly in a public place on Friday last, and was discharged with a caution, he having been locked up all that night. On Monday, before Mr W. H. Foster, P-M-> two nymphs of the pave, named Ellen Reid and Ellen Egan, were brought up, charged with a similar offence committed by them on Saturday. They were admonished and discharged, with a ; caution that if they again appeared before the Bench, they would receive six months' imprisonment in Beeehworth gaol. Beechworth Warden's Court. On Saturday, before Mr Warden Foster P.M., the case of John Moncrieff and John Thompson v Wm. Henry Green and Wm. Henry Turner, of Snowy Creek ' — being a suit to recover £20 damages for unlawful interference with a mining race at Snowy Creek, on the 11th March last, mliOfOmT f.MP lliminfr Annuo r-n o nP nrvni HilVfcVVJ VJlLiLUUlV/UO VI Will" plainants had been delayed and hindered ; and also that the defendants might be ordered by the warden to cease from such trespass and interference — was called on. The case had been partially heard on the previous day (Friday) by the warden at Yackaiidandah, and adjourned to Satur day, at Beechworth. Mr Zincke appeared for complainants ; and Mr Bowman for defendants. On the latter day the case was again called, on, and further remanded until Monday, when a verdict was given for complainants, with. £20 15s costs ; nominal damages, Is. Fire Brigade Demonstration. — The committee appointed to arrange all matters connected with the above, met again on Monday evening in the Town Hall, Beechworth ; there being fifteen members present. A communication was read, which had been received from the Rail way Department, stating that the Com missioner of Railways had decided to convey firemen and their apparatus to Beechworth, details of wliich would be communicated to the committee. The Ground Committee reported, amongst other matters, that the Hon. John A. Wallace, M.L.C., had consented to the committee having the use of his vacant allotment of land in Loch and Kars-streets, on which to hold sports and games. It was also stated that the tender of Mr Jas. Kyle, for the sum of £25, for the erection of a tower and bidder, liad been accepted. The sub-committee also recommended that a judge's and a grand stand be erected, and that the booths, Ac. , be sold by auction. The Finance Committee re ported that everything was in a most satisfactory condition iu tlieir department; and that Captain Crawford was still in Melbourne, cauvassing for subscriptions. It was stated that Mr Deverell liad kindly agreed to arrange all matters in connection with the display of tlie electric light oil the nights of the demonstration. Mr James Cunningham was appointed convener of the Amusement Committee. 