I | CONCERNING MANY THINGS. j "WHAT I THINK I UTTER." Lord Augustus Loftus has made his first public deliverance, his text being " drains " — a savoury subject enough for- a mayoral luncheon. I suppose he wanted to show that, though he'd been an ambassador and the favourite of courts, he wasn't too proud to come down to the aldermanic level — to wit, that of the gutter ! The Daily Telegraph says that railway extension won't benefit the city, and that the city men are only pushing the movement for the benefit of the poor country folk ! The latter, who are in course duly grateful, have, notwithstanding, a sort of an impression (just the ghost of one) that the matutinal penny " daily " is poking fun at them. I wonder if the conductors of tho D. T. have ever heard of a race of beings called Marines ? When speaking at the banquet given by Liverpool to the members for Central Cum. berland (and at which Lackey proved to his own satisfaction that he was the model Works Minister, and the Cabinet to which he belongs the beau ideal of Cabinets), Sir John Robert son said that the favourite pastime of his boyhood was tounders. I think he has stuck to the game ever 3ince ; for if you glance at the list of the Ministries since the institution of responsible government you'll find that the good knight of Clovelly has gone the round of all parties, serving with or leading any part-, indiffeient to fanciful questions of policy, so long as he isn't get thrown out. Whether with Cowper, Forster, Samuel, Martin, Stuart, Garrett, Docker, or Parkes, it's ull one to honest "Jack ! " Says Dalley — " If, as seems not improbable, we (the R Catholics) are to be exposed to a storm of misrepresentation and insult — to be the sport of the fanatic and the capital of tho political adventurer — let us remember with triumph and with gratitute that we are of tho religion of Ximenes, of Borromeo, of Pascal, and of John Henry Newman." I think Dalley and Co. are already the sport of the fanatic and the capital of the political adventurer, and that the name of the party who fills the dual character begins with a V. How about Pascal, though ? Do not that great intellect's "Provincial Letters" still remain an un answered, indeed unanswerable, satire upon that "great Jesuit order," which the Arch bishop of Sydney holds up to the admiration of the faithful? Joubert will be missed at metropolitan ex hibition times by Sydney shopkeepers ; but I think bis enforced retirement from the manage ment of the society will be for the advantage of botli agriculturalists and pastoralists, whose interests he made subservient to his own. If the society could now only get rid of Bruce, there would be some chance of its regaining the confidence of country side exhibitors. Edward Hordern is giving away (at seven- pence halfpenny) " ladies' flesh-coloured silk stockings," sj-cial for tho Exhibition. So, you see, there'll be something worth lookiugat at the International ! lloni soit, etc. The Sydney ladies are wild about the Austrian naval officers of " Heligoland," amongst whom are barons and chevaliers and 1 "des," " dela's," and " vons " in galore. And such names ! — such aristocratic jawbreakers ! What do you think of Baritz of Tkafalva (like a romance in three vols.), of Tiiptner von Tohustorff, of Rousseau d'Appencourt, of Sanchez de la Cerda? In the face of these distinguished foreigners the native Smith and .Jones will stand but a poor show ! Under the pressure of business arising from the great number of now public works about to be commenced in earnest by the Government, fears Lave been entertained that tho task of dispensing the consequent increased patronage of the Works Department may prove too much for its responsible head. I don't see any cause for alarm ; he's lacqueys enough to help him support the strain ! They can stand any amount of patronage. There was great sensation in Sydney on Thursday last, when ic was rumoured that Dr. Garran had made a joke at the mayoral banquet to the Governor. As it turned out that ho had only made a feeble attempt at one, the excitement was allayed. Had it been otherwise — and with a large detachment of tho permanent artilleiy away at Newcastle — there is no knowing what might have occurred. The boilermakers are much exercised, owing to labourers being employed in the place of skilled mechanics in the construction of the Parramatta River bridge. Query : Are not men who can satisfy the Bridge Department of their ability to work at bridge construction quite as much entitled to tho appellation of skilled mechanics as the most professional of professional boilermakers ? I think a good many " skilled mechanics " are justified in their jealousy of labourers, seeeng how dis- favourably they regard labour itself. If the Cabinet satisfy all the demands of suburbanites for recreation reserves, it will justly deserve to be known in the pages of history as the " Parks " Administration Hamilton says that Dr. Vaughan is too clever to be wise. There's something in bumps, believe me ! 