gI an lda & en Sanidard PUBLISHlED EVERT SATURDAY " EXCELEIOR".' SATURDAY, 5TH APRIL. WE have received a copy of a book issued by the proprietor of the Mans field Guardian, entitled "The History of the Notorious Kelly Gang of Vic torian Busbrangers, or the Outlaws of the Wombat ranges." The book con taines 144 pages of matter, which, for the good of colonial society, should never have seen the light of day. Upon the title page is a portrait of Edward Kelly, the leading spirit of this now notorious gang, and when we have made a few extracts from the book, we will leave the matter in the hands of our readers, and believe that every right thinking member of the com munity will agree with us that such a publication is a disgrace, and will in itself, if its circulation is allowed to go on, tend to do more actual mischief than all the men incarcerated in Beech worth, gaol would do if liberated. Speaking on the connexion between Power and Ned Kelly we read :-" But it must be remembered that, in receiving and weighing these accusations that Power was under the impressions that he was "sold" by, and owed his capture to, Kelly, though a greater mistake was never made, for the man who pocketed the price of Powers wretched carcase lived but a short time to enjoy the reward of an approving conscience, backed up by the comparatively trifling, but somewhat comforting accompani ment of a few hundred pounds sterling of Government money." Again, when speaking of the late Dr Rowe, when Power and Kelly paid a visit to Mount Battery station, and the doctor, with a friend, fired at their unwelcome visitors, we read :-On the alarm being given, Rowe turned out with a rifle, and a friend of his (who had been lunching at the house) with a smooth-bore, loaded with ball, to take stock of the doubtful visitors, the shorter of whom, as far as distance would permit judging, answered the description of the then dreaded Power, but the other, who was tall, and at that time rather slight, defied recognition, while the wildest and improbable conjectures were suggested as to his identity. This youth actually was Ned Kelly, though for the matter of that, it is not now known for certain, except to a com paratively few, who either of the strangers was. As soon as Rowe had taken a good look at the exeursionists, who appeared to be carefully examining the house and grounds, he raised his rifle and let drive at them, without the formality of a challenge or salute of any kind, an example that was quickly followed by his friend, in the same, reckless, and as we consider, altogether lawless manner. . ... .. but the general verdict was that Rowe was not justified in firing at men who, for all he know might have been nothing more than harmless travellers." Further on, after a full description of the murders, we have the following account of the last moments of poor Kennedy in these words :-" By this time, which was roughly estimated at about seven o'clock, it was, from prudential motives too obvious to need recital, deemed advisable by the gang to prepare for a speedy departure, but Kelly could not bear the horrible idea of leaving the wounded man to die alone in such lingering anguish, both of mind and body; therefore seizing a moment when he thought the wandering fit was on, and vacancy in the sergeants gaze, he endeavoured to place a shot gun (the breech loader) in a position to enable him to put a speedy period to his existence, Kennedy, however, was not so far insensible as not to notice the action, and interpret its meaning, for he exclaimed, though with considerable difficulty and many interruptions ' Let me alone, for God's sake; let me live if I can, for the sake of my poor wife and family. Surely you've shed blood enough already; without waiting to hear any more painful remonstrances, or allowing himself time for reflection.' Kelly then, nerving himself by an effort for the dreadful deed, placed the muzzle of the gun to the victims left breast, and fired the shot that closed the brave mans career. He died instantaneously and without a groan, Kelly might have exclaimed, with Othello.": " I that am cruel, am yet merciful, I would not have thee linger in thy pain." After which we are informed that the Kellys went to their hut " and soon were wrapped in as sound and peaceful a slumber as though they had been sleeping the sleep of the just." Allud ing to the affair between the Kelly family and Constable Fitzpatrick, we have a full account of the Kelly's version of the story, and the author then says :-" Maternal affection then, which in some cases would be lauded, and described as one of the holiest and best instincts implanted in the human breast, urged the mother to the defence of her son, who, guilty, or not guilty, as it appeared to her, was about to be illegally arrested, so, seizing an old shovel from the fireplace, she applied it to the constables' helmet, or cap. . ...... Fitzpatrick, as may be anticipated, came to the ground confused from the joint effects of the " licker" and the " lick," and while striving to recover the per pendicular, he drew his revolver, in the clumsy handling of which, in the midst of a general scrimmage, a chamber was accidentally discharged, the ball from which wounded him slightly in the wrist." We will close with two verses found with many others of a like character in this fulsome production, published as extracts from some balads with a mock apology from the author: Then after searching M'Intyre all through the camp they went, And cleared the guns and cartridges and pistols from the tent, But brave Kelly muttered sadly, as he loaded up his gun, " Oh what a - pity that the - tried to run. And Then, if you want a spree, Come with me. and you'll see How grand it is to be In the bold K-y g-g. And in conclusion, we can only say that it is the duty of the Government to at once suppress such a publication if in their power to do so, for its circula tion must have but an ill effect upon society in general. As Friday next will be Good Friday, It will be seen by our advertisement in another column that we shall publish on that morning instead of Saturday as usual. We therefore direct attention of advertisers to the notice in order that all communications intended for insertion may be sent in on Thursday. On Wednesday morning as Dr Fergusson was returning from a professional visit at Thornton his horse fell heavily to the ground, having lost its footing on a culvert, and although the doctor was much out about the face and received several severe bruises, still, weo are glad to say, no serious consequences have resulted from the accident. We are requested to draw attention to the cericket match which takes place to-day, be tween the local team and that of Manasfield, and no doubt there will be a large attendance of visitors to the raoecourseo reserve. We understand the game will commence at 10.30 a.m., and thereforo our players are requested to be punctual. Alexandra will be repre sented by Mesars W. and F. Moon, M'Nee, Rogers, Hollis, Purcell, Wollasston, Sault, Bainbridge, Cookson, R. Ridley; emergencies -Hartley, H, Johnson, Wilson. In reply to "A Prize-taker," we would refer you to: Mr Harker, the treasurer, and no doubt you will be paid your cheque upon application, as others have done. We fear you have found fault without taking the trouble to make enquiries. We understand 'that theground lately taken up at tlhe Aelhero is at once to be energetioc ally worked, and a contract will bie let for sinking the: m~iaiJ:sleaft. The proptietor had, when in towlia few days since, all but com pleted his arrahiements for machinery, when utnfortuintly, 'ihe was cal\led home Iiy telo gmran, unnotiil'inr the unpleacnnt nitun that his stltilon wnn visited by a l ,:?wlus fir,'. Last weck, a cenistered Adelaide l Upe, reached Strathbodl, addessdd! tb "' Edward Kelly, 8trathbogio." The paper was shown to Mr Haloy, J.P,, who bsllvene it to lhave been posted as a joke. We are requested to mention that the childrens picnic to be held on Easter Monday is exclusively for the children of the Catholic demonination, and the rumour that they are to be joined by, and associat' d with, thebo Weslyan body is therefore incorrect. Tihe meeting called for Monday last was postponed, owing to the unavoidable absence of sonic of the members of tno newly elected committee of management, but we hope to see all present on .Monday next, in order that steps may be taken to place the affairs of our local hospital on a satisfactory basis, and the doors of the charity once more thrown open to the sick poor. At the Land Board, held on Tuesday last, some unpleasentness occurred between Mr Whitelaw and the Land Officer, in referrence to some remarks made by the latter to the former gentleman. Mir Hardy being in a minority, seemed to bee disatisfied, and made some remarks against the decision During the cast, some confidential conversation between Mbr Whitelaw ahd the Crowh Land Bailiff was introduced in evidence, no doubt very improperly, with a view of prejudicing the case, and also a letter produced from an objector, who, however, was not present to substantiate his assertions, in which he re marked that the Land Officer had informed him that he would not obtain justice. Would it not be as well not to prejudge the cases to be heard in future, especially where the rivals are known to be on anything but friendly terms onoe with the other ? On Easter Monday tile Alexandra Dramatic Club will appear in the play of" Lady Audley's Secret," and as the object for which the performance is to be given is a worthy one, we will give a short outline of the plot. Sir Michael.Audley, of Audlev Court marries a young wife, an adventuress,,wlhose husbnd, George Talboys, is in India, and to whom she has had conveyed the false intelligence of her death, but he returns alter alapse of three years ann visits Audloy Court in company with the nephew of Sir Audley, and there finds his wife. She, to save her shame, strikes him while in the act of dipping her handker chief in a well, and lie falls into it. This is seen by Luke, a drunken gamekeeper. and this man becomes a drag upon Lady Audley, as he threatening to divulge the murder if not handsomely paid, and at last to get rid of him fires his inn where she has gone to pay him money. lie escapes, however, and George Talboys not having been killed comes eventually upon the scene Luke dies ts lie is about telling the facts of the murder, and George comes forwlrd and also accules Laldy Audloy, who by the shock is renderel n uad, and the curtain falls. .Measrs IIamea Brlthere with MIr Sampson are engaged in the presents tion and the female characters are said to be in the hands of ladies quite new to the Alex andra boitrds, but who are reported to be really clover actresses, and we hope to see a crowded house upon the occasion. Messrs Allardyce, Greig, and Ross, the latter the engineer of tile Yea Shire. have for the past theree days been cxamining the ground near Messrs )aniels and i3uchanan's, at the Acheron, with a view of settling the disputed question of the boundaries of the Alexandra and Yea Shires. There hais been already ni good deal of litigation in connec ion with the matter, and tihe parties occulpying the debateable ground have been put to con siderable xpcense and inconvenience iin e'e.nqquence, theretfort it is to bh hoped that in the interects of all concerned that some settlemeut of this matter will now be finally arrived at. The Rev. W. IHutchinsno, tI.A., will prteach in Alexandra both morning and evening, sand also at Mr Armstrong's state school. Acheron, at 3 p.m. The IRev. J. A. i)shorne will conduct services at Crystal Creekl at 3.15 Iip ., Alexandra 7 p.m., and Durhlmn Gully on Monday at 7 p.m. There will be no service at Thornton. The usual meetini of the Alexandra )obiting Club took place on the 28th Marclh, when an essay on Demonolrogy was ral an I ably discussed, but the membres preient, with the exception of one, evidentely by there arguments did not believe in demons or ghosts, The next night of mieeting, Friday, April I1th, is to be devoted to Readings and Recitations. 