DONNA QUIXOTE. BY JUSTIN MCCARTHY. Author of " Dear Lady Disdain," " Miss Misanthrope," &c.; CHAPTER XXXIX. THE NIGHT OF STOBM. The storm broke at last on London; and broke in fury. So fierce a storm had not been felt in the metropolis for many a year. It was more like some tornado in the tropics than an outburst of bad weather in moderate London. It came first with a fierce downpour of rain which swept over the streets like the rush of a great stream bursting its bounds; and there was fierce lightning and a wind that made steeples rock, and seemed as if it meant to uproot the trees in the quiet parks wholly unused to such passionate vehemence. When the rain ceased the wind only grew still more fierce and furious It was about 10 o'clock when the rain set in, and by 11 the hurricane was blowing. It soon swept the streets well nigh clear of passengers. Those who had to fare home in despite of it found themselves blown round corners and glad to cling to lamp- poBts, even though these supporters shook and creaked and rattled iu the blast. The crossing of a bridge was a formidable piece of work even for a stout man. Here and there a little party would be seen returning southward from one of the theatres, two men and a woman perhaps, and their efforts to get across one of the bridges seemed like the enterprise of Brace's everlasting spider, so often were they beaten back and so sturdily and good- humouredly did they tiy the attempt again. The men put the woman between them, and with her clinging to each they boldly breasted the gale. They were driven back, and they were compelled to twirl round, to turn sideways, edgeways, any way to get out of the full force of the wind. Then they made^ a rush when there was a little lull and got a certain way, and so no doubt at last accomplished the passage with much laughter and screaming, and rustling of skirts and wild clutching of hats. The boats and barges under the bridges were torn from their moorings, and dashed against each other with creaking and groaning that sounded sometimes like the agony of human beings drowning in some darksome pool. There was a high tide, too, to make matters worse, and on the low-lying south side the water flooded many of the houses, and drove the inmates into the howling and rain-scourged streets for shelter. In many houses that were not at all shaky or in danger people sat up half the night watching and shivering, and not knowing what to do— afraid to remain indoors and not liking to trust themselves to the wet and windy streets, with, after all, perhaps no real peril to their roofs to warrant any precipitation. These were, however, only the nervous few. People in general only thought of the storm as having a possible danger for other persons, perhaps even in other towns or out at sea, but did not think it had any particular application to themselves. Perhaps the only serious danger was for old and unsteady hoHses that stood alone or at the end of a row or at a corner, and against which there fere the wind was free to blow with all its strength. , There was not a great deal of harm done. Here and there a house or part of a house fell in, and then there was wild consternation all through that quarter, and report ran that half London was being blown down, and people swarmed into the streets until the moment of alarm passed away, and they one by one crent under cover again. The storm had at least given good warning, and there was time for those to get away who feared that their roofs would not hold up over their heads. There was crash and noise enough everywhere to keep alarm alive, and prevent people from being taken unawares. Slates and bricks and chimney- pots were falling here and there; many an old signpost which had swung for generations uninjured came clattering to the ground. ID dull old out-of-theway streets there were ancient public-houBes with signs bearing names which carried one back a generation or two in the history of popular hero-worship; where the " Admiral Rodney" or the Sidney Smith" or the "Regent's Arms'* emblazoned on a swinging board told of a steadygoing business that did not trouble itself about new ways and new heroes. In many such places the old signs came tumbling down, and were never put up-again. They might have remained there for ever only for the storm; but when they actually did come down, the owners suddenly discovered that it was time to make a change and to move with the age. More than one"Beaconsfield Arms"and "Cyprus House" dates- from that storm nd the falls that it brought along with it. Janet Charlton was one ot those whom the storm alarmed, although hardly for herself. She was well housed in Gabrielle's little dwelling, and though the trees were blown about with much crash and disturbance, yet the possibility of anything happening to the house itself, beyond at most the fall of a chimney-pot, could hardly have occurred even to nervous and timorous Janet. But it had been a melancholy day with her. She was sincerely delighted at Gabrielle's happiness; she would have gladdened at anything that gave her and Fielding any joy. . But still the marriage and its surroundings could not but fill poor Janet's heart with thoughts of her own marriage, her own disappointments, her own misery and loneliness, and she shed many a tear as she moped through the deserted rooms. They had a specially deserted air just now, for Mrs. Leven had sent at once and dismantled the memorial room, and had every relic of Albert Vanthorpe carried away from the place. All this gave such an appearance to a house as it might bave when a dead body is-borne out of it in its coffin. The dismantled room had a dismal fascination for poor Jcnet, who kept haunting it as sadly as a ghost might have done, and truly to as little purpose as ghosts usually have when frequenting drearily the houses of the living. When the sun faded out of the sky, and the yellow ominous clouds began to cover np everything with a sulphurous pall, Janet began to think that the end of the world, or something very like it, must surely be at hand; and when at last the storm burst it found her with shattered nerves all terror-stricken anticipation and agony of fear. Mrs. Bramble was an early woman, and was somewhat displeased to see, as she passed Janet's room, that the light was streaming from under the door. She knocked at the door, and without waiting for any answer, opened it and went in, and found Oanet fully dressed, aud looking out of the window with uneasy eyes. This seemed to Mrs. Bramble highly irregular; and she always had a conviction that when the mistress of the house was absent, things ought then to go on with a special regularity. Otherwise she thought there would be a sort of defection of duty. Mrs. Bramble was not able to speak without a certain sharpness of tone when she saw Janet fully dressed at such an hour. " Goodness gracious child! whatever are you doing there? Why ain't you in bed asleep? Don't you know it's past eleven ?" * " I can't sleep, aunt; I don't like to go to bed. Don't you hear the storm how it rages among the trees?" " I hear the wiud sure enough, and it's dreadful; but you and I can't stop it, Janet; aud it won't do us any harm. This house won't be blown down, you may be sure of that." " No; I wasn't thinking of that, aunt; I was thinking " " Yes ; what were you thinking of ?" " I was thinking—of Robert. I wonder if any harm has happened to him ?" M Goodness, Janet! not a bit, you may be sure. What harm could happen ts him ? You don't suppose the wind would blow him away, do you ? You may set your mind at rest abont him ; nothing ever happens to that sort of man." "I don't know; I feel uneasy; I can't tell why, but I am afraid something bad is happening "to Robert." Mrs. Bramble grew impatient.- " Janet, you are too absurd. Why are you thinking about that man at all ? I dare say he isn't thinking about you." " I don't know," poor Janet said; "perhaps be isn't; I can't help that; I am thinking about bim. I am sure we shall hear some bad news of him soon. Why is there such a storm at such a time ? and why waB the sky so yellow all the evening, aunt? it isn't natural." Mrs. Bramble gave a little impatient laugh. " My good girl, I ain't anything of a weatherprophet, and I don't know why the sky was yellow or why the storm came. I suppose Providence sends storms when it sees fit, and makes the sky any colour it likes. But I can tell you one thing for certain; the sky wasn't yellow, nor the storm didn't come because of your husband or anything about him. He ain't of quite so much importance as all that. I can assure you." "I didn't mean that," said Janet; "I only meant that when such very strange things happen people get frightened:—women do, and they think, perhaps something is happening to those they care about. Robert don't deserve it of me: but I can't help thinking of him tonight. Aunt, do you think I could go to him ?'' " Go to him ? to-night ? at this hour of the night?' " Yes, aunt; it is not so very late. If I could just go and make sure that he was well " " You silly goose! Of course you can't go at this hour of the night. Who is to go with you ? and how could you get in there if you did go? and how do you know he is there ? How do yor know what sort of a welcome you would get if you saw him ?" "I don't know; I dare say he would like it » " You may be sure he wouldn't. Go to bed, there's a good girl, and we'll talk it over in the morning." " I suppose that is the best thing to do," Janet said despondently. " I am sorry for troubling you, aunt; but I got so full of strange fancies somehow." " Please, Janet, don't tell me of any strange fancies at this time of night; I dou't waut to be put from my sleep. I have something to do to- inorrow, and I can't afford to lose my night's rest." Janet plaintively acknowledged the practical justice of this appeal, and she learned from the increasing acerbity of her aunt's tone of voice that it was time to bring the dialogue to a close. Mrs. Bramble was a thoroughly kind and gool woman, but she had very little sympathy with people's fancies. She was an efficient woman, and much prided herself on her efficiency, and she was stroEgly of opinion that if people wanted to be of any use in the world they had better not trouble themselves and their friends with such things as fancies. Janet made no further remonstrance. But she did not go to bed nor to sleep just then. She stood at the window and tried to peer into the wild night, and shuddered at every new roar of the wind and crash of the trees, and endeavoured to make out in what direction lay Bolingbrokeplace, and wondered if Robert was there, and if he was sorry that she was not with him. The wind certainly was blowing with peculiar ferocity and effect over Bolingbroke- place. It will be remembered that Bolingbroke-place consisted of one row of tall old decaying house*, with a long wall in front of them, and another wall stopping up the thoroughfare at the end. Bolingbroke-place was, in fact, only a lane or a court, with a row of houses for one side and a dead wall for the other. The wall screened one of the drear old gardens of the institutions with which the region abounded, and now over this wall the wind was free to blow with all its might and main in the face of the row of houses. The house in which Charlton lived was the last in the row, and had therefore an unprotected side as well as an unprotected front. It was always a shaky and decaying old structure. The reader will perhaps remember the shuddering sensation which came over Oafarielle the first time she turned into Bolingbrote-place, and saw its grey and mournful old walls, with the gaunt doorways and crumbling steps. The wind now made wild work among the chimney-pots, and in and out of the corridors, and along the rattling window-sashes of the forlorn old building. One need not have been nervous to feel some alarm when with every fresh spasm of the storm the old house strained and shivered and creaked almoBt as much as a ship might in a mid-Atlantic gale. But the occupiers of the house were, for the most part, of the happygo-lucky order, or the unhappy-go-unlucky order, who did not trouble themselves much with thinking what was likely to come next, but waited indifferently and let things go their way. It did not appear as if the fierceness of the storm much troubled Robert Charlton. No sound came from his rooms after he had locked himself in. Nor did Mr. Lefussis at first pay much attention to the raging of the gale and the rattling of the window- panes and sashes He had something else to think of. He was at once working and dreaming. He was making preparations for.nw new career, and he WM indulging in the most delightful fancies as to its successes. His work of arranging and packing might have been easily done, only that when he naa made any arrangement complete as he thought, he instantly found that it was all wrong Mid had to be gone over again. What with this constant work of doing and undoing, and his dtlicious dreams of future success, fame, and happiness, the hours passed away quickly enough, and he had not much leisure to think of the storm that raged outside, and indeed pervaded very palpably the howling corridors and the gusty chambers. In truth Lefussis was not in Bolingbroke- place at all. He was away in soft islands, amid languishing southern aeas, where all manner of injustice had long been wrought on benign natives, and where he, Jasper Lefussis, had come to undo all the wrong, and earn a monument more lasting than brass. One tremendous rush of the wind, greater and fiercer than any that bad gone before, startled Lefussis back to the substantial world of present London. In all fierce gusts of wind in a city there are blended sounds that seem like cries of human agony and the crash of falling buildings, and Lefussis thought he heard some such sounds' now. Conld any chimney or gables have fallen near bim ? It was a terribly ancient and shaky quarter, he knew, in which Bol ingbroke-place stood, and Bolingbroke-place was about the shakiest of all, and the particular house which held Lefussis he might have : sBumed to be the most rickety tenement of the whole region. Still LefussiS was not thinking of that house; no one expects that anything is going to happen: to the house he lives in. But wben this tremendous roar of wind came, Lefussis felt the floor beneath him tremble and shake, and for a moment it occurred td.him that the shock of an earthquake was passing orer the place. But the loud splitting, trashing sound was too near to be the echo of any far-off convulsions; and suddenly Lefussis saw to his honor that a wall before him was distinctly parting in two just at its juncture with another wall. The first impression . or humanity on seeing any entirely strange sight is to regard It as something quite in the ordinary course of things, and Lefussis must. h»n gazed for a fall second ot time at the sundering wall before it occurred to him to think of the meaning of that portentous spectacle. Then ha jumped to his feet and ran into the passage, crying out that the house was falling. He ran to the door of Charlton's room, and beat and kicked at it, and shouted to Charlton to get up, and he tried to drive in the door with might and main, and it was firmly locked inside, and he could not force it open; it seemed the one firm thing in all the tottering tenement. _He found the passages now filled with excited people—dressed, half- dressed, hardly dressed at all—making for the stairs and the street as for bare life. Giving one fierce, final, useless kick at Charlton's door, Lefussis ran down stairs too. Many of the rooms in the house were fortunately unoccupied; and there were not many women or children there at any time. -Bolingbroke-place lodgers were usually persons of somewhat ready and self- sufficing ways, and they were quick to get out of any difficulty with very little notice. The old house kept heaving and cracking a good deal before it finallvcellapsed. Rafters and beams were heard to shap, and.volumes of antique dust poured forth on every side. Ancient wainscotings groaned and creaked, and at last broke up, and sent affrighted rats scampering in whisking haste all over the crashing floors. The inmates had good warning, therefore, and were some of them already out in the street, and some even in the square beyond, when the upper floors were heard to give way, and to fall with a half- smothered crash like an avalanche whose voice is stifled in the new masses of snow which receive it in its descent. Every one was safely out of danger except Robert Charlton. In the confusion not many thought of him; and when he was thought of, people were not even certain whether he was in the house at the time; every one knew that he was out a great deal of nights lately; and although Lefussis had seen him in the evening, yet it was well known that it was not until a much later hour that he usually went out. It seemed at first, therefore, highly probable that he too had escaped the ruin. Lefussis was able to say that although he had risked his own life by waiting to give the alarm to Charlton, and although he had knocked and kicked and shouted with an energy that might have wakened the famous Seven Sleepers themselves, he had not received any answer nor heard the faintest sound of life stirring in Charlton's room. So It was set down for the moment as certain that Charlton too had escaped, and that no one had been harmed by the sudden fall of the house. For the house was down; the old tenement in Bolingbrokc-place, where Gabrielle first met her lover, was a shapeless heap of unpicturesque ruins. When the ruins came to be explored it was found that Charlton had not escaped. But although his body was found buried beneath a mound of fallen masonry it was not certain that he had died a victim to the accident. From a few evidences left behind him it was inferred by some that he had intended to kill himself that night with charcoal in the painless French fashion—his temperament always shrank from pain; but it was not certain whether he had accomplished bis purpose in his own way or had bei n anticipated by the storm and the fall of the house. Lefussis was of opinion that Charlton had done the work, or at least was doing it, when he knocked and tried to save him; and that he was then too stupefied to answer, or else was actually dead. But he did not say much about this. It would be less painful for Janet and for others, he thought, if it were still possible to believe that Charlton was merely the victim of an accident; and for once Lefussis knew how to hold his tongue. The death of Robert Charlton, it may be said at once, put a stop to any further proceedings in the matter of Paulina and her confession. Paulina was allowed to go her ways; nobody cared to punish her. She returned to the United States, and took to the stage in New Orleans. She was generally understood to have some romantic story, people did not precisely know what; but it was assumed to have something to do with a secret marriage, a conspiracy and the British aristocracy. There was a somewhat general impression that if she had her rights she would have been called Lady Paulina; and indeed some persons among her acquaintance did address her by that title, and she did not reprehend them. Many biographies of her appeared in the Southern papers, the particulars of which were for the most part inexact. A mysterious balo of fame surrounded the Lady Paulina, and the Lady Paulina enjoyed it. 