HABITUAL DRUNKARDS. During the last session of the English Parliament the question of the curative treatment of dipsomaniacs was againraised, and more successful lv than on urevioua occasions. Since the Select Committee on the subject was appointed in 1872 Bills having for their object the reclama tion of habitual drunkards have been frequently introduced into the House of Commons ; but notwithstanding the admitted and increasing evils of intem perance, and the possibility of diminishing these by a system of wholesome restraint, the Government and members generally gave sl'ght if any heed to the urgent claims to consideration which the drunk ard's hapless lot presents. Although ifc is certain that physical restraint alone ia of avail in inveterate cases, and 13 moreover essential to tho ro forni [of even voluntary patients, the British Legislature has been slow to sanction *' the only remedy by which apparently drunkards can be temporarily or approximately cured.' The old cry of the liberty of the subject being in danger when the enforced seclusion of dipso maniacs was advocated ha3 been heard, although it would be exceedingly diflicult to Bhow wherein consists the liberty of a drunken subject, who is the slave of an un conquerable, debasing, and ruinous habit. That cry certainly delayed even the partial concession which the House of Commons has made, and it as certainly prevented the passing of a measure for the compulsory restraint of the con firmed victims of drink. The Habitual Drunkards Bill originally proposed to license certain persons to open retreats, in which drunkards would be detained for a period not exceeding twelve months. Any one was enabled to surrender himself voluntarily, while compulsory provision was alBO made whereby by summons before Justices of the Peace a wife, relative, guardian, &;., could have a drunken husband or kinsman who had lost all control over himself subjected to a like term. But it was further provided that a person so summoned could demand to have it decided by a common Jury whether or not he was an habitual drunkard, and 'in default of proof under either process the case was to be dismissed with costs against the applicant.' It was argued that careful precaution was necessary against the liability to abuse of such a compulsory power, for traps might be laid for those who could not really be called habitual drunkards. Weak persons, for in stance, might be encouraged to excessive drinking with the view of getting them out of the way. It was further remarked by conditional favourers ef the measure that, although it was easier to determine her a man is lunatic enough to be unfit to be at large than whether a man is in the proposed legal sense an habitual drunkard, yet the lunacy laws have been grossly abused, and a fortiori & restrictive law dealing with dipsomaniacs would run a similar risk. Objections like these, whatever may be their validity, were fatal to the compulsory clauses of the measure, and would have endangered the whole BUI had not ita proposers abandoned the obnoxious part Thus amended the measure passed the House of Commons. This tardy recognition of the necessity of saving unfortunate drunkards from themselves will probably in due time be extended in a compulsory direction, but in the meanwhile the friends of temperance must derive some en couragement from this instalment of beneficial legislation. The adoption of the voluntary system is at least a step gained. It is true that no [Government aid will be given to the reformatory movement. Neither the Treasurjt nor he local rates v.ill be drawn *upou to subsidize those who seek to esta blish retreats, which must be set agoing at their own cost. However, iu this as in other cases private benevolence will probably do all that is required at the outset, '.'and proper management will bo expected thereafter to make the institu tions self- supporting. The belief is cur rent that drunkards can be controlled by law, yet it lias not quite penetrated tho House of Commons. Nevertheless there is hardly a member of Parliament who does not know that habitual drunkards are not always the willing slaves of drink and that the removal from temptation would at least give them a chance of being restored ? to a life of sobriety. At any rate their strength of mind and body would bo renewed, and reformation, if not invari ably assured, would attend a gratifying percentage of the cases treated. It has been juBtly observed that the suggestion to leave the drunkard to his fate might as easily be applied to the sick and the infirm, for they are all equally subjects for proper help. ' Society in either case gains more,' according to the Times, ' by the effort to render help than by the un restricted play of the harsh laws which demand the survival of the fittest. Drunkenness, too, degrading vice as it is, is by no means incompatible with many of the highest virtues. It is often the one blot which mars and deforms a fine character. It is tho drunkard of fiction who is necessarily dead to the life of the affections and a brute all round. The drunkard of real life is not unfre quently as tender-hearted and as good a man in most respects as any of his neighbours. Once freed from the chain which he has fastened about his own nek he will give good return for the care and the kindness that have delivered him.' And surely it is worth while to strive the best to reach so noble and philanthropic an end by providing for the temporarily lost the salutary means to attain it. To help the miserable slave of drink to break the obdurate habit which en chains him, to encourage him in a resolu tion to clo3e his lips against the seductive glass, ? ' and not undo 'cm. j.u tuna wet unmuutiou 10 run tlir j p:u, is the aim of tho retreats for inebriates which are now almost everywhere esta blished. In Canada and the United States the Government t;ikes these homes fur drunkards in hand, and in our own Aus tralian Colonies State support is not with held from similar institutions Tho liinghanipton Retrtat, New York, is often cited as an illustration of tho success which attends earnest efforts in this reformative cause, for there within the space of twelve years no less than 4,000 patients were more or less satisfactorily treated. Even wcro it true that the number of ascertained cures in America does not amount to more than one-third of the cases treated this result would be gratifying, but statistics show that tho proportion of cures is decidedly larger. Nor is tho hope of complete reformation to be abandoned because some patients when they leave tho rolreat may lapse againintotheirformervice. A medical man of large and peculiar experience iu cases of dipsomania is not discouraged by such backslidings. He ' scouta tho idea that a man who has tho misfortune to break his resolution Bhould give up tho ? struggle. Some men aro so constituted that they must fall at least once bof ore tho last rag of Belf-confidence is torn from them ; and he had had .patients who after coming back to him' four time3 had conquered and had lived soberly for years, and wero still living soberly.' Men of thia stamp, however, had no chance but in total abstinence, whether in health or sickness. Fortunately lapses which wereoccasionaHy ascribable to medical prescription arc henceforth likely to be more rare, for the medical voice has been raised against the ordinary and habitual use of galcoholic stimulants, and partially against pre scribing ardent spirits to patients. Society, touched on one side by the moderating hand of the physician and on the other by the moral reprobation of drunkenness, ought surely to improve, and to be strengthened in its improvement by tho tendency of Legislatures to restrict the opportunities for over-indulgenco. Nevertheless these kinds of reform con stitute but an imperfect mode of dealing with the question, and require to ba supplemented by curative processe.' which shall at the same time be potentially pre ventive. It is not enough to cut oil the drink supply by prohibitory legis lation while leaving the craving^jsrhich would inevitably find means to sat2fry itself in an illicit way, especially when aggravated into the dangerous phaso of habitual dipsomania. The blighting effects of the drink plague are visible in many a domesth circle in South Australia. Its disastrous consequences affect not only tho indi vidual but the community also, and in such a way that they are not cognisable by law. Between the extremes of lunacy ?????' ?? ' . '? , -», and crime there is a large apace filled by those who are ruining themselves and their families by a fatal indulgence -which they hare not the will to control nor their friends the power to curb unless they adopt steps which they are loth to take because of ' the name of the thing.' They in truth continue to endure all the mischief, disquiet, and horrors attendant on excessive and confirmed inebriety rather than by persuasion or compulsion remove the cause thereof to a place wherein he may be considerately looked after and hare leisure to reflect, repent, and reform. They blindly over look the fact that a man who is notoriously intemperate is even more despised than he would be were he to exclude himself from temptation and wrestle with his evil habit. He is an inebriate whether he ac ts the sot at home or enters a retreat. If he or those who have influence over him lack the courage to brave the remarks o busy tongues of course things will go on irem bad to worse, until it will prubably ^e too kite to retrieve the lost position or to restore the shattered wreck of body and mind. There is no excuse now for those who permit themselves to be dragged down utterly into the mire of habitual drunken ness, nor for those who suffer the panga of outraged feelings and desolated homes which this drunkemess so often en tails. A remedy is in their own hands. What is being slowly done in England has been already accomplished here, and it depends entirely upon those for whose benefit the institution at great expendi ture of thought, labour, and money was established whether the Retreat for Inebriates at Belair will succeed. At present it would seem to be but in differently appreciated. It is nearly five years Bince the proposal of an Inebriates1 Retreat in this colony was first seriously entertained, and so earnestly was the matter gone about that ere long an Act of Parliament was obtained sanctioning the scheme, and after suitable buildings and grounds had been secured at Belair the retreat was opened in the middle of 1877. Since then many patients have derived advan tage from a residence there, although it is indisputable that owing to various causes the institution has not hitherto been a pronounced success. One of the chief causes has been the want of fitness of the first Superintendent for the duties devolving upon him. It wa3 dur ing his tenure of the oflice that so much was heard of the frequent 'breaks-out' at Mitcham and elsewhere. Unarmed with any authority to punish such infrac tions of the rules, or even to hold the terror of ultimate punishment over offen ders, the Superintendent was defied and his remonstrances treated with contempt. To correct the abuses, which had become glaring and notorious, the Committee sought fresh powers from Parliament and removed the Superintendent. As the law now stands every inmate who ventures beyond the boundaries of the retreat b liable to a term of imprisonment ; but even this strong deterrent has not, we believe, proved more efficacious in keeping the inmates within bounds thau Las the kindly, sympathetic, and con siderate system adopted by the new Superintendent. It would be difficult to imagine any spot more healthfully situated or more beautifully attractive than tho Belair Retreat, with its comfortable summer quarters, it3 prettily arranged flower gardens, and its fruitful orchards. There are retired walks shady with trees and acres' of ground set apart for the recrea tion of the inmates. Outdoor games and indoor amusements are provided, and the nucleus of a useful library ha3 been formed. On Sundays the Super intendent holds morning service, and every evening there is 'family' worship. Indeed at these time3 few homes can present a more pleasing spectacle. During the day the patients are left to their own devices, aad may either work or amuse themselves about the place or devote the hours to study. The hand of restraint i3 light upon them, for they are absolutely free agents within the limited domain, beyond which none apparently now think of going. Again, considering the small sum charged for maintenance, the table kept is, we believe, generally excellent. Nothing, in short, seems wanting to render this retreat attractive and beneficial, and it ? will be surprising if in the future resi dence in it cannot be referred to as the turning-point in many & drunkard's career. The 'University Scholarship Exami nations. — By degrees the facts as to the late examination for the University Scholarships are being elicited. To-day wo publish a letter from the Rev. W. G. Robinson, M.A., the examiner in mathematics. In common with many of our readers wo are under obligation to the reverend gentleman for the valuable information he ha3 supplied, and in consideration of it wo shall seek to bear with becoming meekness the some what crushing rebuke which he ad ministers to those who have been presumptuous enough to criticise the arrangements made in connection with the examination. Mr. Robinson's aije and his lengthened residence of nearly nine months in the colony of course fully entitle him to say — ' I know from my experience of the colonies that it is useless to attempt to point out to any of the many who have pronounced dogmati cally upon this subject that there may possibly be any subject upon which they are not perfectly qualified to speak.' We are really sorry that '♦fliia experience has - been of such 1 an unpleasant character and that -J those with whom he has been brought iiito contact have produced such an un favourable impression upon him. JSot withstanding the withering sarcasm of the reverend gentleman's remarks upon our criticisms we have great pleasure in Kirn: able to do iiirn 'tho kindness' which he seeks at our hand3 and to reply, t' the lest of our ability, to the questions with which lie closes his letter. A second * iaiuiuatioii in March will be an injustice to tie successful competitor in December last I*, cause the holders of the scholarships to i given year are of course supposed to 3.1S8 the same test, and it is not fair to the one who has passed a severe pTuminv tion in December that three months afterwards others who failed on the first occasion but who succeed on the :econd should be ranked with him. Further, a second examination will bring '?'the administration of the department into deserved comtempt' because such a course is not provided for by the regula tions and is in fact altogether unwarranted. To frame regulations for a given object and then to act at variance with them, more especially when the departure is occa sioned by the mistakes that have been made, and is evidently' intended to smooth over the unpleasantness that has arisen, appears to us to be the right way to bring any administration into tontempt We can only express the hope in conclu sion that a longer residence in South Australia may lead Mr. Robinson. to think less harshly of his fellow ralonists, who, despite perhaps an over weening love of liberty of speech, are, we trust, not quite so blind to the excel lencies of others as the reverend gentleman appears to think they are. The South Austbaxiax Loax. — The worst item of news for the colony that we have had to record for a long time is that contained in our commercial tele grams from. England. The Agent- General, it appears, has disposed of the whole of the unsold balance of the last South Australian Loan, but at the ridiculously low average rate of £88 oa. This is the lowest amount at which we have parted with any of our 4 per cent, bonds. Contrary to the gloomy predictions of Eir Henry Ayers, who, if we mistake not, gave ,£87 as the maximum rate for this denomination of South Australian securities, our first Four per Cents., sold in May, 1874, realized an average price of J90 7s. 8d., or more than £2 in excess of the figure now accepted. The next issue, tendered for in January, 1875, was floated at £90 3s. 3d., but for tho other five loans much higher rates have been secured. It is a most anomalous and unsatisfactory circumstance that at a time when New South Wales Four per Cents are quoted at about £98 South Australia should have to accept nearly £10 per cent. Ie3s. It is not as if there was anything in the con dition of the colony to account for this enormous discrepancy. Prosperity abounds here, and the prospects for the future are cheering notwithstanding that the present is a peculiarly anxious time for Governments all the world over. Of couise it was known that the price would tot approach that of the New South Vales securities, and considering the quo'-ations Sir- Arthur Blyth in issuing his nw loan could not have looked for any great advance upon the rates obtaiied. For weelcs our Four per Cents have not been worth more in the market than £93., When the new loan was announced there was a drop to £92, if not to -£91, Victorian securities declining in sympathy with oura. At the beguiling of January the coupon had to te cut off, accrued interest beii-g thus wiped out, it may be assumed that the quotat»n became still further reduced by 2 pet cent. Thus at the date when tenders were received the price of our 4 per cent, bonds must have been from £S!) to £00. Under these cir cumstances it i3 not surprising that the average offers for the £559,200 have not gone beyond £88 5s. But there still remains the ques tion why was the present mo3t unpromising time selecttd for putting the new loan upon the maiket 1 The only answer that occurs to us is tliat which we have before given — namsly, that the Government in the hope of a recovery in rates had staved off the d;y of issue ti the latest moment consisteit with thu maintenance of the colony's credit. It this is so, they of course had no alterna tive but to raise the money new. What ever may be thought of taeir judg ment in postponing the sale of the bonds month* after monti until financially they had been reduced to the direst straits, no one can blame them for having preferred the alternative o£ a heavy discount to the postponement of the day of settlement for even one of their many obligations. Bad as it is to have a first loss of many thousands of pounds, it is infinitely better, to suffer in this direction than to breed distrust among the creditors of the colony. It need hardly be added that to make good any defence of their action it is essential that the Government should be able to show that there was good reason for expecting an early advance in rate3 ; if so, that every conceivable means of raising money temporarily wa3 resorted to by them before they made up their minds to appeal to English capitalists. The sale of bonds at £38 5s. i3 a disastrous piece of business, both in the interests of South Australia and. of her present bondholders, and, as we havebefore urged, it is incumbent on the Government to show that they ouly yielded in the last es.tremiiy of pressure to so serious a sacrifice as that which has been made. It is fuithcr important to know what is the position of the Agent-General in the matter. As the financial agent of the colony in England upon him must rest a large share of the responsibility con nected with the issue of loans. The Cablb. — The interruption which has oc curred in the cable between Batavia and Singa pore since December 29 last was remedied last ►vening, communication with Singapore having been restored at S.40 p.m. Axothbb Bask FAn-TTHfe.— Oar European telegrams this morning recoitV the failure of another banking firm— Messrs. Tweedy, Wil liams, & Ce., of Truro. The establishment b krovm as the Cornish Bonk, and besides the office in Truro there are branches at Fal mouth, Kedruth, Penryn, and GrampouLd-road. The partners are Mr. Robert Tweed?, Sir Frederick Martin Willidtas, Bart, BLP., who has represented Trnrb in the Conservative interest since '1S65, and Messrs. Williaaa Tweedy, Bobert Milford Tweedy, and Charles Tweedy. The London agents are Mesirs. Glynn. Mills, Currie, & Co. The extent of the liabilities is not announced, cor the cause of the failure. Arrival of the Salisbcbt.— This immigrant ship, which has been anxiously looked for for some little time, arrived in the roads on Wednes day afternoon, January 8, after & passage which has occupied a little over three months, she havirig left Plymouth on October 4. She will in all probability be towed into harbour this afternoon. Goveejotest Tetdhrs. — The tender of R, Huckson for excavations and basement walls of the new Government Offices, Victoria-square, has been accepted at the Architect-in-ChieFs Office for £6,849. There were five tenderers, Mr. Huckson being the lowest. For erecting additional wards, &c;, to the Wallaroo Hospital there were three tenders, that of Messrs. Nottle Brothers beiBg the lowest. Vital Statistics. — The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, January 4, 1S79, were. — Births, 101 males, 86 females: deaths, 40 males, 35 females. Total, 187 births, 75 deaths. Excess of births, 112. The District of Adelaide — Births, 29 males, IS females: deaths, 11 males, 17 females. Total, 47 births, 28 deaths. Excess of births, 19. Bbchtvhd.— From Mr. W. C. Bigby, illumi nated nir»-«Tiaj» for 1879 and & number of publishers' lists. No. 1 Adelaide Rifles —A well-attended reeling of members of No. 1 Adelaide Com pany of Rifle* under 'the Rifle Companies Act was held in the Prince Alfred Hotel on 'Wednes- day evening, January 8. Captain Scott said the meeting was for the purpose of fixing the hours of drill, and the desire was to so arrange the time as to suit the majority. It was proposed to begin drill for one squad at 5 30 in the evening ind for another at 7.30. The driilshed was available for the company three nights in the week, viz., Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday nights. It was suggested that all the members should meet at the driUabed the first night in & body, -so as to become acquainted with one another. On the motion of Captain Gray, seconded by Mr. John Opey, it was resolved that the drill should commence at 5.30 and 7-30 pm., and it was also decided that the whole company should meet at the drilkhed on Friday night at 7.30. The Secretary, Mr. A. M. Woods, laid on the table ' Manuals of Field Exercises and Firing Exercises for the Martini-Henry Rifle,' which Captain Scott urged should be obtained by every member. -In answer to Captain Gray, it was stated that the present strength of the company was 43 and the limit 50, but other companies could be formed after No. 1 had its f nil complement. Opening rp of Watbbless Cot7HTbt. — ThroBgh the courtesy of the Surveyor- General we are informed that an expedition to test the feasibility of opening up waterless country in the direction of Western Australia will shortly start from Adelaide. Mr. Goyder has already secured the camels for the under taking, and is now endeavouring to charter a vessel to the Great Australian Bight Pro fessor Tate will be in command of the expedition, and he will examine the country from the Australian Bight in the direction north of Eucla, north of the Bight, and north-east of Fowler's Bay. He will be accompanied by Mr. Bar ron. Trigonometrical Surveyor, and the/ will examine the country with a view to report to the Government on the feasibility of obtaining water by Artesian wells. As nearly the whole of this country is waterless on the surface, the result of Professor Tate's examina tion will be awaited with considerable interest. It is expected that the party will start from Adelaide in a few days. Glemhlg ahd 8oethJCoastRatlwat.— In out advertising columns will be found the temporary time-table of the above line, and also the fares Intended to be charged. The line is to be opened for traffic on Monday next. Brhbvolbht Isstitutions.— :Dr. Wylde has received £5 5s. from the Bank of South Aus tralia for the Convalescent Hospital, aud £5 5s forthe Home for Incurables. Ald^hmak McAbtitcb.— Hia Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. T. Hack) and several gentlemen of the town entertained Alderman McArthur at the Port Clubhouse on Tuesday afternoon, January 7. The health of the guest was proposed by the Mayor, and re spocded^to by the worthy Alderman, who gave 'Success to the Port Corporation.' The 'London Corporation' and other toasts fol lowed. Thh Bootooleb Abbitbatioh Cask.— The Arbitrators appointed to assess the value of the 26$ acres of land (taken out of the Booyoolee Bun, the property of Mr. H. . Hughes, for the purposes of the Gladstone and Jamestown Rail way, have made their award. Mr. Hughes claimed £1,536 10s. 2d., and the Go vernment offered £507. Mr. M. Sa'.om acted as Arbitrator for Mr. Hughes, and Mr. S. D. Glyde for the Government, Mr. James Soath being appointed Umpire. The case was heard on December 16. Mr. R. Ingleby, QO., with Mr. A. Hardy and Mr. A. M. Hardy, appeared for Mr. Hughes; and Mr. Symon for the Government. After viewing the land and hearing the evidence of Mr. H. D. Kearney, Overseer on Booyoolee, Edward William Stephen, wheatbuyer, F. J. West, auc tioneer and valuator, J. B. Jones, fanner, and E. Siekmann, merchant, on behalf of Mr. Hughes ; and Mr. F. J. Botting, Government Valuator, aad Mr. McCormack, the Resident Engineer on tlie Gladstone and Jamestown Railway — the Arbitrators awarded the claimant £507, the amount originally offered by the Government, each party to pay its own costs, the Arbitrators1 costs to be borne in equal pro portion by the claimant and defendant. The evidence tended to show that the claimant sought to recover as much for the severance of tbe land as he did for the land itself. The Arbitrators found that the land actually severed was practically worthless. Adelaidr Benevolent asd Sthaxgebs' Fjuekd Societt. — The Committee of this Society held their monthly meeting on Tues day, January 7, at the Church Office ; the Hon. Jolm Colton in 'the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £2 4s. 6d. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the last month, amounted to £9 14s., being to relieve twenty-six cases. Each member of the Com mittee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency dnring the ensuing month. A subscription of £10 10s. was received from the Bank of South Australia. A proposi tion by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat for the appointment of a paid visitor to whom cases needing enquiry could be referred was discussed and ultimately withdrawn, the City Missionaries kindly undertaking to continue to enquire into aay cases referred to them as heretofore. Devox Consols United Mixing Company.— The first meeting of this new Company, consist ing of 2,000 shares, was held in the Register Chambers on. Wednesday, January 8. There were present fifteen shareholders, representing 870 shares. Mr. Blades was Chairman. The articles of association of the Company were approved and passed. Messrs. F. J. Blades, H. Bellingham, and J. Eichirds were elected Directors. Fihb Near Hotleton.— We regret to learn that by a buslifire near Hoyleton considerable damage has been done to the farm of Mr. G. Barnard. The fire was first noticed by the servants on the farm at 10 o'clock on Saturday morning, and about two hours afterwards it reached Mr. Barnard's property. Forty chains of fence on the south side and a quantity of grass were burned and a number of young olive trees were destroyed. There was great difficulty in saving the house. A hut belonging to Mr. Evans was also burned to the ground. Maetixi-Hexet Rifles. — The following concise instructions for eleaning the Martini Henry rifles are supplied to members of the S AJ5.R.A., to whom rifles are issued: — Open the breech. Wrap a damp rag, flannel, or tow round the jag of the cleaning'-rod until the size of the bore. Cleaning-rod 'always to be passed through sight-protector before fixing jag. Rub the barrel carefully up and down with it to remove the fouling as soon as .possible after having been used. No water is to be used. Should the rod stick fast in the barrel no attempt is to be made to drag it out by extreme force, but the Armourer is to be called upon to remove it. Replace the aforementioned rag by .an oiled rag — woollen if possible— and pass the latter a few times np and down the barrel. Wipe the breech and block with an oiled rag to remove dirt and prevent rust. The cartridge chamber to be wiped out thoroughly from breech end and then oiled. Close the breech, easing springs at the same time. Rifle should be wiped over with an oiled rag after parade. All cutting substances, such as emery, sandpaper, &c;, are to be strictly avoided in cleaning. Care must be taken not to injure the face of the 'block in cleaning, especially the striker hole. The oil used should be mineral oil. The kreech action is on no account to be tampered with ; and the block is to be removed and replaced by the Armourer only. The rifle is always to be kept with 'eased springs.' Fixges-posts. — Persons travelling in the Northern Areas and other puts of the colony (remarks the JTorthtrn Argus) are often puzzled owing to the absence of finger-posts where the roads diverge. Swagmen, weary and footsore, sometimes travel miles in a wrong direction, whereas the silent indicators would prove reliable guides. It would rot eritaD much outlay were the Government to do something in the matter, and the public would be much benefited were the thing attended to without delay. Reported Death.— The police reported to'the . City Coroner on January 8 the death ot the infant child of James Quin. of West Adelaide. The Coroner having made enquiries, and finding that the child was stillborn, deemed an inqiest unnecessary. Accident. — A man named Christopher Jones, of Morphett Tale, was admitted into the Ade laide Hospital on Tuesday evening, January 7, suffering from a compound fracture of tbe right leg, caused by falling off a hone. Matl-casbtin'O os teb Chbaf. — The AAc- , [aide Steamship Company (writes our shipping reporter) seems to have beeu treated rather shabbily in reference to the carriage of certain mails brought from England by the Orient line sf steamers. Tbe colonial boats have ? on Dee or two occasions put themselves to the inconvenience of delay in order to pick up the bags, and have by this means facilitated their early transmission to Vic toria. Reasonably enough the Company ex pected some payment for the service, bat :eicg disappointed hi this respect orders have been issued to the captains to decline to carry inch mails in the future unless satisfactory arrangements are made for payment. The grievance is intensified owing to the fact that the Orient liners are permitted to enter and clear without paying light dues, while the Colonial line, which belongs to shareholders both here and in Melbourne, are compelled to pay full light dues. In addition to this it is Bought to make tbe colonial steamers carry mails for nothing. Glknblo Aicrcix Regatta.— The settling for the races held at Glenelg on December 30 took place in the Glenelg Institute on Saturday evening, January 4. Several members of the Committee were present, and the prizes were handed over to the successful competitors with one exception, namely, the Amateur Open Sailing Boat Race, a protest having been entered against the Cambria for sailing as a partly decked boat. Mr. Heath, the owner, was present, and explained that it was only a locker. It was decided that one of the Judges should examine the boat and decide. A protest was also entered against the Agnes for being sailed by a professional, but it was decided that such was not the case. After the usual votes of thanks the proceedings terminated. Fobt Adelaide. — The Tast few days having been very dusty the Portonians have been in the full enjoyment of all the particles that could be scattered about by an unsparing wind nnretarded by even the ghost of a watercart. But the discomfort seems to be taken in good part by the ratepayers, who perhaps feel as the last y ear'sjrates have been duly spent in watering, and no street-watering rate yet£declared for the coming year it will be time enough to grumble when asked to pay one. Meanwhile ihe Corpo ration are considering the best means of raising water from the Port Stream, and several schemes more or less worthy hare been sent in. As toe Corporation get fresh water free at present the only benefit hoped for in using salt water is an improvement as a watering agency. Thhatbb Royal.— There was a fan- atten-' dance at the theatre on Wednesday even ing, when the ' Octoroon' was repeated for the second time. Judging by the applause the audience were quite satisfied with the piece. To-morrow night ' Little Bella Russell' takes her complimentary benefit, when ' Uncle Tom's Cabin' will be presented. Mb. Toimeh's Gold Escoht Exploits.— A correspondent sends ns for publica tion the following extract from the letter of the Forest Creek correspondent of the Melbourne Argus. The letter bears date June 18, 1852. and was published in oar Melbourne contemporary on June 25: — 'The Adelaide Escort has met with much opposition from the floods, haying lost its cart, some horses, and nearly the lives of several of the riders. The road was almost impassable, and none but such men as Tolmer and his band Lad courage enough to face the difficulties. The gold appears to have been saved, as also the mail. Ihere have been some heavy floods between here and Melbourne, and I would again call the attention of the Government to the dangerous state of the Deep and Jackson's Creeks. Another life has been sacrificed at the former creek, and what was a bridge, or rather dam, is now very dangerous to cross. The mail has been stopped at both these creeks, and the mail contractor has a very good excuse for being behind time ; none but a fool would risk his life to cross these creeks 'when flooded for Government,' and should the present driver be that fool I doubt much if Government would support bis wife and family after he was at the bottom.' This extract shows that the recovery of the gold from the Deep Creek by Mr. Tolsner was no easy undertaking. Phincb Alfred Sailors' Home. — The Hon. Secretary of this institution informs us that he has received £10 10s. from the Bank of South Australia towards the funds. A Trial at Tire Hospital. — Mr. Eeddome, the Police Magistrate, held a Court at the Adelaide Hospital en Wednesday, January 8, when Thomas Kain was charged with attempting to commit suicide. Mr. Beddome remanded Kain to the Infirmary at the Adelaide Gaol. We were misinformed the other'day when we stated that the charge would be preferred against the itan at Strathalbyn. Scddsu Death. — The police having reported to the City Coroner the sudden death of a man named Charles Watling, oged 77, of Thebartcn, who died rather suddenly on January 7, an enquiry was made as to the necessity or otherwise of holding aa inquest. The Coroner foupd that deceased had been Buffering from spinal affection for some years .iiid was a partial cripple from that, and although not apparently ill enongh to call in medical aid it was evident he had bden oat of health tor some time. An iuq'ieut was deemed unnecessary. Ophthalmia. — The South-Eastern Star of January 7 states that ' since the hot weather set in a very painful disease of the eyes has been prevalent amongst Mount G&mbier; residents. The disease, we are informed, is somewhat similar to sand; blight, and gives sufferers excruciating pain while it lasts, and not unfre quently deprives them temporarily of sight. The glare produced by the son's rays upon, the light- coloured material of which oar streets are constructed is very trying to the eyes, and no doubt has something to do with the prevalence nf the comrjlaint.' The OpFEOimrar or Scotch Religion. — 'Atlas' in the JForld says :— ** When theScotch papers described what manner of men the City of Glasgow Bank Directors were a little fact came out which I hope will not be lost Jsigat of. I call particular attention to it because it looks more likea jestthan the grim factwhich it is. One of the Directors always most sternly refused to read a Monday's newspaper becsuse it had to be printed on the Sabbath J)ay. This is almost like the jest that in Scotland the hens are not allowed to lay eggs on Sunday. A Scotchman whem I know informs me tha; he was carefully trained as a boy to be a Baik Director, for he was not allowed to whistle to bis dog on the Lord's Day. He might call it iu English, or call it in Gaelic, but whistling was devilish. It is to be hoped that the present exposure m«y have a good effect hi reduciog to its absurdity the Sabbatarianism which is the opprobrium of Scotch religion. These Scotch elders devour widows' houses without compunction, but they excommunicate a corapwitor who has an engagement on a daily paper, and therefore has to work on Sundays. I do trat that our friends of the Scotch Press will use tie present oppor tunity to give a deathblow to the degrading superstition which raises the Fourth Command ment into tbe greatest of all, *nd in too many cases makes it the substitute d alL' Resiahkahlh Clock Mbciamism.— In the French horological section at fb.e Exhibition are two clocks remarkable for thdr mechanism. On the. top of one of them is seat»d, says the Silver smiths' Trade Journal, a hwdsomely attired Greek lady, a figure hardly a span high, with a small barrel-organ, supported by a boy, resting on her knees. With the last rtroke oE the clock this miniature organ is set ii motion and plays a tune, the boy keeping time with his head. On the left arm of the figure it a bright starling, which as soon as tbe piece isplayed out repeats the melody, accompanied by the movements of the lady's bead. The mechinism of the second dock is still more wondsrful. The clock is surmcunted by a figuB representing a juggler in Oriental coatune, seated be hind a golden table. To bis right stiad three large silver bells ion a plate. The jnggler raises himself as tba clock strikes, and gesticulates with his handsas if in preparation for his feat, takes up one cf the bells, shows it to the spectators to conviice them that it is ercpty, then seizes another bell, and puts both on the taMe. He lifts then up again, and under each lies now a goldensgg, which appears RE-i disappears repeatedly/, Sometimes both eggs disappear ; sometimes ,they incraase in number, and instead of twqtbxee or four eggs are seen. The little magiUn's performance reaches its climax when hehirns up. the third bell and displays a bronze bal to the astonished audience. This bronze ball jursts immediately after, and a Iiliputian bird, ibout the length of . a finger-nail, makes its ext and pipes a tone. The next moment all vanishes again, and the clever performer, after a graief ul bow, resumes his seat. j ) . . ?: . . . ? ? 1 ?-???'- '' CowFCMPnoj* ahtj rrs Ccbb.— ? We Kave re ceived a copy of Dr. Edwin Alabone's work on ** Consumption : its Cure by an Entirely New Remedy.' The author, who appears to have achieved a position of eminence in London, has made consumption a special study. He was led to this by having been himself a sufferer from tbe dread disease and given up ' as in curable by the most eminent medical authorities in London.' The perfect success that attended his investigation has led him to place the results before the public, and he illustrates the efficacy of his treatment by at least fifty cases which had been pronounced incurable. Dr. Alabone writes a few interesting chapters on the causes, symptoms, acd care of the disease, and in the coarse of one of them he discusses the question, 'Is plithisis contagious!'' It appears that the ancients universally believed it to be so, and that even now it is a matter of question. * The writer says :— ' Morgagni and Valsalva were so impressed witn the contagious nature of this disease that they actually refused to perform post-mortem examinations on persons who bad died of phthisis. It in, however, a most difficult matter to determine, but from the pathology of the disease from its progress and causes, and from com parison with other diseases known to be of a contagious nature, I am of opinion that the disease is not contagious. The question, however, is one that demands our most serious consideration, for .if it could be definitely shown to be communicable to healthy persons we could do much in preventing its spread.' In answer to the important question — 'Is con sumption curable 'f tbe author offers the following remarks : — ' Up to the present time it has been the general opinion that it ia in curable. This opinion I do not hesitate to pro nounce incorrect. I shall presently show that although the disease has far advanced it is curable. The only method of proving this is to adduce facts, and I shall lay before the reader a series of cases (many in the latter stage) ?which are now restored to perfect health. I myself am a living testimony ; and to abandon a con sumptive patient as incurable is opposed to all ideas of justice and humanity, for every stage of this disease is amenable to the treatment I propose.' The doctor sub stitutes for cod-liver oil, which he does not think is deserving of the reputation it has attained, an emulsion consisting of oleine and phosphorus compounded with other fatty ingre dients, which he says can be taken by the most delicate- person without any disagreeable effects, and which exerts a beneficial influence over the disease. This emulsion, with, according to the severity of the canes, the inhalation of oxygen gas and the application of other remedies, ap pears to be the principal treatment used, aad from tbe statement of cases at tho end of the work Dr. Alabone has wrought some marvellous cures. The book is written in a popular style, ard will prove of especial interest to all who are in any way affected with pulmonary diseases. Value of thb Gtjm-Tekb.— The following extract from a recently published work entitled ' Walks in Algiers and its Surroundings,' will be read with interest as bearing upon the value and importance of the eucalyptus : — ' The whole of this road is bordered by eucalyptus, an Australian tree introduced into Algeria by the patriotic exertions of Messrs. Rammell, Cordier, and Trottier, to whom the country owes a large debt of gratitude, since this tree from its peculiar power of absorbing miasma has proved, and in its further cultivation is likely to prove, a most invaluable agent in rendering ieeJthy tracts of country, which would other wise be unfit for cultivation. The eucalyptus, which is surely destined to play an important part in future schemes of colonization in various parts of the world, is of the myrtle tribe. There are said to be no fewer than 150 species cf the tree, two kinds, the redgum (resinifera) and the bluegum (globuliu), having been chiefly and most successfully cultivated in Algeria. The blossom is like a shower of snow. The tree has an extraordinarily rapid growth, an increase of six to nine feet yearly being by no means uncom mon, and* it attains an enoimous height. The introduction of the eucalyptus into Algeria dates only from 1862, yet there are now computed to be no less than two millions of these trees in the country, each from fifty to sixty feet high. In 1862, it is said, an Australian merchant wished to send to the London Exhibition a specimen of the large-growth eucalyptus, but no ship could be found large enough to carry the giant. The wood is most valuable for build iDg purposes, besides which we are assured that soaps, perfumes, lozenges, court plaster, liniments, syrups, pomades, toilet vine gars, such as varnishing oils, veneer and tracing paper, are obtained from different parts of the tree. There is already established in Paris a depot for the sale of eucalyptus per fumery.' Pobt Lincoln Working Men's Concest3 — About twelve months ago the working men of Port Lincoln gave a concert in the Lecture Hall of the local Institute, and since then they have given three more, the last having been given on New Year's Day. In each case the concerts have been a great success The last oEe realized the sum of £10, which was handed to the Committee of the Institute towards the fund for enlarging the building, which is found to be too small for present requirements. Additional interest was attached to the concert given on 2?ew Year's Bay last, as it was nude tbe occasion for pre senting Mr. Heary Holroyd with a very pleas ing address, beautifully bound in Morocco, and a pair of emu-eggs massively mounted with silver, surmounted by glass shades, as a token of respect and esteem for the valuable assistance rendered by him as Chairman of the working men's ^concerts. One of the eggs bore a silver shield with the following inscription : — ' Pre sented to Henry Holroyd, Ksq., J.P., by a number of tbe working men of Port Lincoln as a token of respect aud esteem. — January 1, 1879.' The attendance at the last concert was such as to make it quite evident that a much larger room is required. The address w%s read and the presentation made on behalf of the working men by Mr. Dorward. Mr. Holroyd acknow ledged in a few suitable and feeling remarks flio lriTi/?T-aaa /if +V?o wnrirtiitr man ir\ nnieanfinw him with such an elegant and handsome testi monial, and assured them he fully reciprocated the kindly feelings of the address. Two or three more pieces were sung and a pleasant New Year's Day evening was brought to a close. Effect of the Electhic Light on thb Etes. — Professor Tidy, of the London Hospital, in a letter to tho Times says :— ' I have made a point of remaining in the neighbourhood of the elec tric light for at least three hours, iu order to observe its effects upon me after being exposed to its action for some time. For a time nothing struck me except the intensity of the illumina tion aad the darkness beyond. But before lomg my eyes became entirely blinded to all rays except tha blue ; and as a result everybody and everything appeared of a ghastly blue tint. For hours after I returned home the blue rays haunted me ; but what was worse still I suffered from what I am rarely a sufferer from — an in tense headache, especially seated about the region of the eyes. As a medical man I am convinced that whatever may be the advantage of the electric light as an illuminant for large outdoor spaces it can never be os«d as a room illuminant, or eveu as a general street illumi nant with advantage, save to the medical pro fession generally and to ophthalmic surgeons in particular.' LOTAL SOTJTH AUSTRALIAN LODGE, 1.0.0 J. — The half-yearly meeting for the change of chairs of the Loyal South Australian Lodge, No. 1, LO.O J., was held on Tuesday night, January 7, in tbe Lodge-room, Labour League Hal', Hindley- street. The following Brothers were installed by Sen. P.G. J. Jones into their respective offices :— J.P.G., R. Barnes; N.G., Thos. Usher; V.G., P. McMahon; Recording Secretary, Chas. Hofmeyer ; Treasurer, J. Rowe; Medical officer, Dr. Peel; Permanent Finance Secretary, John Jones (re-elected). The Auditors' report and balance-sheets for the last half-year were read, received, and adopted. The Lodge was instituted on June 2, 1877, and a balance-sheet from that date up to 31st December, 1878, was read. The total amount of funds received np to December 31 was £712 12s. 7d. The amount expended was as follows:— Sick pay, £109 14s.3d.;G. Lodge dues, £94 3s. Id.; medical attendance and medicines, £204 10s. 3d. ; salaries of Lodge officers, £15 16s. 3d. ; rent of lodge room, £7 17s. (3d. ; regalia and goods, £523a.4d.; expenses of Committees, £3 10s.; gifts, £15 12s.; cash returned, £6 7s.; making a total of £525 Is. 10d.— leaving a credit balance of £187 10s. 9d. The estimated value of the Lodge property is £50 18s. lOd. The total worth of tbe Lodge funds and property is £238 9s. 7d. There are 132 members good on tbe books. Brother Jones, as the founder of the Order in South Australia, congratulated .the members on the increasing prosperity of the Lodge, acd hoped that it would continue. 43'Baekhr k Chambers beg to call attention to their Sale of Buggy Hones and Ponies, Sprin? Dr»y and Farm Horses, Spring- Drays, Harness, Har rows, 4c, &c;, an account of Messrs. Dale, Connor, H*lktt,&c;, at 2 o'clock, at the Start Bjumj. i 