ALES, ETC. MAUREEN DHU. THE ADMIRAL'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER II. {Continued.J ' BY MBS. J. SADMEE. "WELL Mr. Fitzstephen, you are a •magistrate, and if you are willing to take the responsibility on yourself, I have nothing to say!" He then advanced to meet the military, and after a short consultation between him and the officer in command, they agreed to draw up their respective forces and remain stationary till the ground was cleared, provided it waB done without loss of time. 'While this move was going forward, Fitzstephen had been urging on the Claddagh men the propriety of quitting the town immediately, justly fearing a renewal of hostilities, so long as the belligerents remained within sight of each other. Several other merchants of high standing in the city,—employers, too, of coal-porters, had by this time reached the scene of action, and used all their influence to disperse the mob. But that was, after all no easy matter, for neither party would be the first to go, and there they -stood exchanging looks and gestures of defiance. Sundry individuals of both parties were openly instigating their Mends to a renewal of the fight, and amongst these Vara Halliday made herself most conspicuous. With her arms a-kimbo she stood fiercely eyeing the rival faction,—now once more banded together in a solid phalanx—and many a scathing taunt did she hurl at them regardless of the presence of soldiers and police. In vain did Maureen and even Randal seek to pacify her. It was no use, she wanted to see the rascals getting their due—they had been long working for it, and the blood of poor Paul Kehoe cried out for vengeance on them. "But, granny dear," whispered Maureen, " don't you see the soldiers and the police there ready to shoot down the first man that would raise a hand ?" " To the d 11 pitch themselves and their guns. I tell you, child, if there's a drop of the old blood in the Claddagh boys this night, they'll pay them that old debt they owe them I Randal— Randal O'Hara ! what's come on you, at all, that you sing dumb that way in presence of the scruff of Galway quays ? Shan Driscoll!—oh ! you shake your head, to be sure, you're afraid of offending Maureen Dhu—ah! itisn'tyour father that's in it, or a girl's coaxing voice would go short way in keeping him quiet with them, before him," pointing contemptuously to the enemy's forces. "But I say, boys, where's Brien Kineely ? For all he seems so quiet, I'll go bail he's a man, every inch of him, not all as one as some that have more to say." '' Sure enough," cried Maureen, with sudden energy, " I don't see Kineely. Father have you seen him P" "-Not since a little after the fight began—the last I saw of him, he was running after a big black-faced fellow that gave Barney that broken nose." Maureen waited to hear no more. Off Bhe flew with the speed of an antelope, and after her hastened Shan and her brothers, fearful of some harm befalling her. They found her standing over the insensible form of Brien, who had been knocked down, it appeared, by the big coal-porter of whom Randal spoke, and his comrades feared that he was done for, as they had been trying in vain to restore him to consciousness. " Here, boys," said Maureen, in a voice that she vainly tried to keep steady, "lift poor Brien, and carry him home. Shan ! won't you lend me a hand f It's likely he'll never cross you again!" There was a touching sadness in her. voice that Shan did not like, and the blood rushed to his cheek, then back again to his heart, and left him pale as a ghost. Still he willingly assisted Barney and Yeman to raise his unconscious rival from the ground, and aided by another of their friends, they carried him to the front, Maureen walking by hisside and holding his hand within her own, while her eyes were rivetted on his death-like face. Just as they reached the head of the procession, which Randal had again formed, Fitszteph en bent down and Whispered some words into Maureen's ear, which made her start and Jbliish. She raised Her eyes for a moment to his face, then bent them quickly on the Btill lifeless form before her. "Never fear for him, Maureen;" said Fitzstephen, his eyes following hers, " I see the colour is returning to his face ; he "will soon be'all right again, with God's help. Remember what I told you,"'he added, in a low voice. Maureen itailfed,. and nodded aBsent. •::•>'-.• i r The coal-porters,' aeeing that-this OMaagh men were »i>put to resume their march, seemed hall-inclined to : attack them again, but Fitzstephen, observing their intention, called ont that he was going at once to read the Riot Act, at die same time making a sign to Randal to march on. Before the mob could make any attempt to prevent the procession from moving on, the military, by a sudden manoeuvre, got between them, and they found themselves between the bristling bayonets of the soldiers on one side, and the police on the other. Great was their anger and their mortification when they saw the fishermen moving off in good order towards the gate and gradually disappearing beneath its gloomy arch. "Never mind, Randal, we'll meet you again for this 1" cried one of the ringleaders, and all the others raised a cheer of defiance. " When and where you like," returned the brave old man, looking back over his shoulder as he passed from the clear moonlight into the momentary darkness of the gateway. Long before they reaohed the village Brien Kineely was able to stand on his feet, though still requiring the support of Yeman ?nd Barney. As for Shan, he dropped him " like a hot potato," as old Vara said, as soon as he found him beginning to breathe again. Maureen, too, had removed herself out of sight before Brien opened his eyes. CHAPTER III. HALF-AN-HOUR after and the Claddagh was a blaze of light. At every crossing bonfires smoked and crackled. The mud walls of the adjacent cottages, even those undisguised by whitewash, wore a warm, ruddy hue, and the small windows glowed in the red firelight like sheets of burnished metal. And there in their glory were the men and women of the Claddagh, the former looking as blithe and cheerful as though nothing had occurred to throw a damp on their festivities. The materials for the bonfires being all pre-arranged in burning order by the granddames of the community, with the efficient aid of younger grandsoDs and granddaughters, the men, on their return from the city, had nothing to do but to readjust their gala costume—which, to say the truth, was in "most admirable disorder"—and efface from their visages the sanguinary marks of the recent conflict. In some cases this was easily done, in others not so easy, Owing to the unlucky appendage of one, or perhaps two*black eyes, a broken noBe, or a villainous contusion, which was certainly anything but advantageous to the wearer's appearance. Happily for these doughty champions, their bruises were esteemed honourable on the occasion, and gave them indisputable claims to the favour and goodwill of the pretty blushing damsels, who stood eyeing them askance from behind the capacious bulk of a father or mother. Conspicuous amongst all the maidens of the Claddagh on that memorable Midsummer evening was Maureen Dhu—her tall and most graceful from wrapped in a thin shawl, she stood leaning on the arm of her younger brother watching the quick combustion of the large pile— much larger than the others—placed in front of the Admiral's house. Maureen was the queen of the sports that evening as much on account of her successful interference as from special rights long conceded. And maybe Randal More was not a proud man as he looked on his beautiful daughter, and heard the blesBing coupled with her name on every side. He was standing in the old archway of his own dwelling, eyeing Maureen with a proud and happy smile, as he saw her led out to open the dance by his favourite Shan Driscoll. Suddenly a deep musical laugh voice spoke near him, and the old man turned with a start,for he knew it was none of the Claddagh men who spoke. A dark and noble countenance was smiling within the ^naded doorway. " It were hard to say, Randal More," said the gentleman, addressing him in his own dialect, "whether you are a prouder man at this moment, than when you marched at the head of the Claddagh boys through Galway, clearing the way for the head Sassenach from Dublin." "It's a different thing altogether, sir," the old man returned with a calm, self-satisfied smile ; " I was proud of the Claddagh then, but it's of my daughter I'm a-thinking now. And sure its no wonder, your honour, that my old heart swells up when I look at her—where would you see her equals P" " She has few equals, I must own," was the stranger's reply, yet he Smiled at the simple fervour with which the old man spoke, while his own eyes 'involuntarily rested on the queen-like form" of Maureen, as it flitted around in the dance.. .....,-.- " But I was speaking of the day, Sandal, when you and your brave fellows formed a guard of honour to the Lord Lieutenant," Wexlid it twice, your honour, or," interrupted Randal, with a kindling eye ; " the first time you couldn't remember, for you were but a child—that was when the other chief Sassenach came to pay the old city a visit; he was a brave old man, too, but he wanted a leg—a boccagh, poor man 1 he was, and more the pity, for he spoke us all kind and fair, and gave the Claddagh boys ten gold guineas to drink hilgiealth." " But you were not Mayor of the Claddagh, then, Randal, for that is more than twenty years ago." "No, no,.sir, Shan Driscoll's father was our head then—may his soul rest ill peace!—1 was youngerthen thanlamnow, your honour, and I tell you there wasn't a man in Galway town would like to stand before me when my blood was up. Sure enough we were all with them two Sassenach lords—and a hearty welcome we did give them.* But isn't it the great hononr you're paying us yourself, Mr. Fitzstephen." ^ J 6 J " Not at all, Randal, not at all; I just came to have a peep at the dancing—I was curious, in fact, to see how the boys would foot it after all the hard knocks they gave and took awhile ago." " Maybe your honour wouldn't be above trying your hand at a jig or something of that kind ?" Fitzstephen laughed. "My feet you mean, Randal." " Oh! to be sure, sir, to be sure, but you know what I mean—we poor fishermen can't put our words together like you quality. But will you take a step, sir ?—just to have it said that you danced round a bonfire in the Claddagh." '' Excuse me, Randal! I merely came" to look on as I said," and Fitzstephen drew farther back into the shade; "I would cut but a sorry figure, I fear, amongst such dancers as that!" pointing as he spoke to Shan Driscoll, who was cutting all sorts of comical capers aud showing off his well-formed legs to the great admiration of those friends and neighbours who were not figuring in the dance. Shan was evidently one of the happiest of mortals. His eyes glowed with the pleasurable excitement of the moment, and the triumph of having Maureen for a partner. As for Maureen herself, no one could judge what her feelings were. Calm and self-possessed as usual, there was neither joy nor any other strong feeling visible on her features, and she moved through the dance, lightly and gracefully, but rather too quietly to please her partner, who, as he led her out through the opening circle of lookers-on, could not refrain from saying in a tone of vexation : "I'm afraid, Maureen, there's some meaning in your always asking for ' The Bouchaleen Bui.' I wish some of us could turn our hair yellow, and put the red and white on our faces like some we know. More'B the pity they can't stand their ground like men, for all they are 'the Bouchaleen Bui.' Hasn't them raps of coal-heavers the hard hearts all out to go spoil such handsome faces with their big fists, and make the 'girls so down- hearted!" " For shame, Shan Driscoll!" Maureen quickly answered, and the flashing glance which accompanied the words was a far more cutting rebuke. " Well, Maureen, don't be angry with me," said Shan, in a deprecating tone, and. he blushed so deeply that even through the bronzed hue of his cheek the warm blood was visible—" don't be angry, and I'll say nothing to offend you." "I'm not angry—not a bit angry, Shan! for I know what you say isn't from your heart—but don't make little of Brian Kineely even in words, for you only make little of yourself when you do it. You know him, and I know him, Shan ! and it doesn't become you to run him down, especially when his back is turned." " Who is this Kineely ?" inquired Fitzstephen of Randal, who insisted on remaining by his side. " Why then, indeed, your honour, he's one of the finest fellows about the Claddagh, for all he got the worst of it in the town within." "Oh!" said Fitzstephen slowly, "it was he that bit the dust before the huge Vulcan—" he stopped and cast his eyes moodily on the ground. " What did you say, sir ?" " Nothing of any consequence, Randal. But indeed I cannot allow you to remain here longer. See old Vara beckons you to go yonder—she . seems to have some business on bands." " I'll warrant she has, sir, for she couldn't live without it. Well, I suppose I must go and see what she wants, but I'll be back in no time, your honour." Off his went at a swinging pace, the orowd-making way [for him as he passed. He. was about 'to ask his mother-in-law, in no very , gentle terms, what she ; * Lord Anelesea, and, at a later period, Lard No manby, made a tour of the principal cHaes for purposes of conoli ation, and on both occasions, the Viceroy wna escorted through Galwaycity by the Claddagh fishermen,who inarched before them as a guard of hononr. . • wanted him for, but the words. were never spoken, for Vara was bending down over an aged crone—more aged than herself, and feeble too—whom Brien Kineely was endeavoring to seat on a large stone. It was Brien's grandmother, whom he|had carried down to see the sport. Randal, thinking his assistance was required, owing to Brien's recent mishap, took hold of' the old woman as tenderly as one would an infant, and turned her so as to face the bonfire, but Vara whispered in his ear: " It wasn't for that I wanted you—send Yeman or Barney to the house for a chair, and we'll make More as comfortable as heart can wish—but listen here, Randal!—there's some Sassenach redcoats coming up there after our Maureen keep an eye on them, Randal!—that's my bidding!" Randal waited to hear no more. Hurrying back to where he had seen Maureen, great was his surprise to find her dancing with no less a person than r. Fitzstephen, whom he ;had left so quietly standing in the porch but a few minutes before. Foremost in the group f lookers-on he also observed some hree or four officers, their handsome ndress uniform and soldierly bearing learly revealed by the red glare from he crackling blaze. At the first glance andal did not perceive the strong motion depicted on the face of Fitztephen, or the angry frown on the aughty brow of a tall, distinguished* ooking officer who stood with folded rms watching the dance. Near this entleman, but rather behind him, was Shan Driscoll, his face as red as the bonire blaze, and his dark eye flashing from nder his closely-knitted brows with look of sullen displeasure. "What's this—what's this?" whisered Randal at his side. "Ay! what is itp" the young man eturned with bitter emphasis, and raising his voice so high that Randal udged him with his elbov^; " I suppose there will be no standing Maureen ow!" "But what is it all about, I ask you again ?" " Why, don't you see these Saccenachs here that came out on Maureen's account,' to be sureP This tall fellow here," pointing with his thumb over his shoulder to the person indicated, " made up to Maureen there a minute ago and asked her to dance with him—she was just stepping out, when who should dart from your own porch but Mr. Fitzstephen, and right between them he went and took Maureen's hand from the officer and led her out in spite of his teeth. They'll set her off before all's over," he muttered through his teeth, " and she was bad enough before!" (To be Continued.) 