ACADEMY OF MUSIC. D'ABOX BEADS GHOST. The long-promised ghost entertainment, owned tnd exhibited by »r B'Aicy Bead, was shown it tie Academy of JIusio last night to a good house. Sons twelve or fourteen years «go a tlsllar, but irferiar, exhitition' was shown by PrtfeMor Teppor in IhsoU Theatre Boj*L and it had a verysnccMsfnl seutm. Mr D'Arcy Uead has obtained and greatly imprond the original entertainment of the professor, and it ns his almost entirely -new show that was exhibited at the Academy last night. Ths first nit of the entertainment was anUUad u Temptation,' or "The Knight * aicMng Us Armour." 1 his pica represents ths trial* of a newly mads knight in tie severe ordeal ol watching his armour in ths churtyard, the anoient test through which each candidate for the spurs had to paaa. l bs knight ol last cigil certainly-was tasted to the last extreme, fj- Bhidowy forma, apectiea. and vinioba oj various kinds, repelling or attractive, all attended on bis vigf s to entice him from Ha allegiance aa a troaaadloyaUmigiL Dmbg this scene tbe fellowingsoiigs were rendered by tin tempters:— 14 Queen of my soul," " Friar of orisra grey," » I heard a spirit nmg," - Moonlight," " Pre- C3EU." The next f^cens brought the andleoce into matters of mare mod am data, and -the fimflisr Christ; minstrels made their ap{«arance oh the stage, lit phantom minstrels were'very amusing. A set of siegers, burnt corked and dressed lu tie csntl ttyle, appears, and the members of it sing eange mid crack iofcse in orthodox style, bat variety Is added to their perfonnuoe by their iastautaneously diaappeari g, «iid their places beiag aa instantaneously taken by an equal number ol whiterobed apparitions, which carrj on the perfermines ot the fatgers they b»VB replaced in a ellenUy grote&qs; manner, provocative cf an unusual amount of mernmentln the spectators. This portion of theentertunmsnt oostalns a number of optical illusions, thegLiuts and minstrels appearing and diaappearfng in a most myBteiious way. A laigbaUe spectacle monologue, entitled, the " Han-tod House,? «nc.udes the exhibition, and in this Ur Bead appears aa Leander fchsiweU, \- ths tenant- of apartments wiih a tags number of ghostly tonus on the viator's list. Leander hopes to lead a quiet life, and eajo; his evenings in a rational way, bat visitor slur vidtor drape in, and the round ol intruders inclndei gocd and evil spirits which; seem to find oonaideiibls treasure in making tbe apartments their own during tbe tenure of their-.brief bnt frequsLt calls. The>alr to this part of the progl ammo la immensely fanny,and must be Been to be apprecia^d.. for the spectacle of flesh and spirit m active combat is men easily Imagined than described. The audience seemed to thoroughly enjoy the novel entertainmsnt as the liberal applause veiy frequently bestowed, made apparent.. Tbe exhibition, it the stage need true neiler-the place whore the lootlights are thin it is at (latent, would be seen to better advantage; but the secretary of the Academy conld not allow any of the original staging to be removal, much as the lessee:desired it, and so it had lo be arranged as at present- The balocmy, in the interests of the public, is closed, as the scenes can not be veiy well seen from the higher teats, but very good accommodation has been provided in the lower part cf the halL Mr D'Arey." Bead's Ghost will appear tonight, and every nigbt tHa-wee t 