CRICKET. BY HILLITE. As tho cricket season advances, tbo interest iii the gcrno incrcuscs; aud it is at the present time manifestly keen. Some eluba have sprung up since tbo commencement of the season; others have faded away. Hut few clubs havo come to grief yet, though many are now, I hear, on the brink of destruction, 'l'hero are many cuuses that lend to the failure of somo clubs. For instance, tho lack of energy on the part of the office-bearers, con tribute a sliure to misfortune, whilst the want of harmony and unity amongst tho members tend to weaken many of our clubs as well. Jit is reported that the Zingari are shaky, some of the members have deserted theui, and now thero is a difficulty in raising one good eleven, Tkc loss of the junior cup is tho cause, I am told. This sudden shock, alter holuing it so long, had a dire effect upon this club, but I trust they will survive the depression they are now existing under, aud return to their old position as premier club of tho hill. Can anyone tell mo what club has been bcuclitted by any junior cup? I fear not. Cups have been the l-uin of tho Young A'ietoria and Standard, and less notable clubs such as tbo St. Vincent and Nelson. The weakness of mauy of our junior clubs, who aro merely lingering, is alone accountable to circumstances arising out of cups; it leaves un impression on a losing club, which is difficult to obliterate. The ltising Sun are in a simi lar predicament to lUe Zingari, some of their members aro so disgusted over their collapse last Saturday, that ibey intend "slinging" cricket. Last Saturday a largo number of matches were contested. The weather was beautifully tine, a cool southoily breeze, wilh a warm sun, made a delightful atmosphere. Tho match .Rising Sun (iioldi-r.-) v Hillside was concluded, aud resulted in tho latter's favor. This mutch has created a considerable amount of interest, and tliq excitement has been very kerin tbrougliont7e's^KiaUy?9£itrri8 .; well known that the issue of this match will ? decido - tho" ult,imivta~ destiny -of-tlio-mueli coveted trophy,11 On-resuming tho Rising Sun 1 commenced to'acoro rapidly, but alas, this did not lust long, as tho wickols began to full one after another iu.a very _simple manner j it, is true that the bowling of Gibb and Oullaghun was good, but wickets ought lo liavo made 36 by anything like play. Tho .Rising Sun's batsmen becumo careless, and slogged out foolishly, whereas by careful play tliey might have secured a victory, besides being the solo possessors of the cup. Roy, whom the holders depended upon, was very impatient, and helped his side very little. When this player was bowled tho holders gave up tho ghost, while tho Hillside were in their joy. Fowler, McDonald, Taylor and Gray followed in quick succession, the lust wicket lulling when 15 runs were required to win. The Hillside were jubilant, and when tho match was finished they shouted, yelled and jumped in the air like a lot :dl maniacs. The contrast between tbo winuers and losers was quite a sight, the losers -wore": as:qiiiot as mice, and did not oven utter a word, but; returned to their hpines in an'ain using 'maimer: ^B.ntjfew hud 'their' heads" erect. -For "a'"long while tho Hillside have been very slow in their play, but of late they liavo awakened up, and 'now under theii"~caplaih liavd'"gained "tbo iorolHOsr. positiou amongst, the,Juoior^elubs. of tiioMTill: - i-Many of iny readers'can recol lect. when tbojHillsidq -just 6tartedi nnd-cui? recall the~dayB when the.;6owlhig audi batting' was done almost exclusively by theit. present captain,;wlio is about: the only ^member who has remained in1 the club ainco MtsjJorigin. Their worthy treasurer baa promised the club a dinner in tLe event, of tbeir::winniug tho cup. Much bits be'eii said ovei: the feasl^iis it lakes place the very night that thejprotc'st (which tho Kisiug Sun have cuteiecU for.^sm infringement of the rules) is to bu;3ei:ided. Another very' important 'match ws&; played between tho riinitjr.Melbourne;Imperial and .North 'Fitzroy ciubs for;H. JBVBojrle's cup. The formers show for the "cup 'is v<Jy poor, and their chance of'ti Victory in this match ?is . almost nil.l j'i.l'he ;lmperiil scorod i-25 1»gaiust~their- oppdhontaV65-.unci ,thS£No?lb.. Pitzroy' have ini ;tb'eir. second iuning'sT almost' that number with thoiloss'of bat few"wicke's.< It is plain thut tlVe'imperial will have iiip wards of. 100 ruus; to'.^inake lo wi£B'ou§ a defeat, their capabilitieb/'of doing so 'are very questionable: Tho cup will bejremoved from the. Hill is certain, no doubt it will be located north of tho Yarra,' where junior cricket seems, to. be.more .prosperous.than elsewhere. \Abothercu'p'match' was brougb't; to a ter mination, between tho tBritannia, and Payk Imperial clubs'for 'the'' Juvenilo'cup'i'rtlieM'or mer winning easily by 7 wickets, this is tho fourth consecutivc victory that the Britannia has achieved, and from 'aiy" "point of view tliero is every probability ..of them.repeating this performance. The lloray Unilud cJo featect the Domain-by 21 runs;* SniitliMidj the batting, and McKnight tho bowling lot' the winners. The JSxc'elsiorVisiieci Greelong ou Saturday last, to play the Greeioug Fac tories, and succeeded in putting them through in one innings and 33 runsj' lKob'erVson .wiUi 32, and Murphy 22, played well lor tho win ner", and Smart with 11, wa6'rtho highest scorer for the losers. The Albert Bark were defeated easily'by the liinerald, iiideod ralBer a severe defeat, fur u club with such a name as the Albert .tark, who have not the taleut that they had a couple of yoars ago. 