SATURDAY. QUEENSLAND HOME MISSION FUND. The Rev. F. T. BRENTNALL read the report of the committee, which was adopted by the Conference. The total amount raised is £103 Is. 6d. : the total expenditure, £92 178\. 1d. leaving a balance in hand of £10 4s. 6d. It was resolved,-" That the thanks of the Conference be presented to the Rev. W. Wilson and Mr. N. Lade, the treasurer and that the superintendent minister of the Albert-street circuit, and Mr. Lade be the treasurers for the coming year and that the second minister of the same circuit be the secretary of the fund ; also, that the superintendent of the Brisbane (Albert-street) circuit for the time being, be the custodian of deeds in the colony of Queensland." On the motion of the Rev F. T. BRENTNALL. the committee for 1879 was appointed, and the name of the fund was altered, so that in future it will be called the Queensland Home Mission and Contingent Fund. QUEENSLAND LOAN FUND. The Chairman of the Queensland district presented a statement respecting the management of this fund during the year. The income was reported to have been £1603 0s. 4d. The legal and other expenses amounted to £64 8s. 11d. The following loans were made: Brisbane, first circuit, £120 ; Brisbane, 2nd circuit, £350; Ipswich circuit, £360 ; Toowoomba circuit, £450 ; Rockhampton circuit, £180. It was resolved,-" That the committee of the House Missionary Contingent Fund be the committee for the Loan Fund." Also, That the chairman of the district and Mr. James Lord be the treasurers, and Mr. G. J. Bourne be the secretary of the Loan Fund for 1879." Also, " That it be a rule of the Loan Fund that no loans shall be granted from this fund before a building is erected, and the Conference regulations relating thereto have been fulfilled." YOUNG MINISTERS FROM ENGLAND. Several pressing applications for the appointment for additional Wesleyan ministers having been presented to the Conference, and the Conference having no ministers to send it was resolved, on the motion of the Rev. G. Hurst, "That two young ministers be sent for from England during the present year." The resolution to connect Port Macquarie with the Macleay River Circuit was not adopted. THE BAPTIST UNION. A letter from a deacon of the Baptist Church was read, asking why no arrangement had been made for the attendance of a deputation from the Baptist Union. The omission was an oversight, and it was resolved, " That a letter be sent to the chairman of the Baptist Union in explanation." It was further resolved that the Rev. G. Long be requested to call on the Rev. F. Hibbard and invite him to attend the open session of the Conference this evening on behalf of the Baptist Union. OPEN SESSION. In the evening an open session of the Conference was held in York-street Church, in order to receive deputations of ministers and laymen from other sections of the Protestant Church. There was a large attendance, and the audience was composed of nearly all sections of the Protestant community. The session was opened with singing and prayer. The Secretary then informed the President that the Rev. J. Benvie, M. A., Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of N. S. W., and the Rev. James Cameron, MA., were present as a deputation from that church ; the Rev. J. P. Sunderland and the Rev. G. G. Howden, secretary of the Congregational Union, from the Congregational Union and the Rev. B. Kenny and Mr. Carruthers, from the Primitive Methodist district meeting to convey the fraternal greetings of the churches to which they belong. He also intimated that the Rev. P. H. Corn- ford, chairman of the Baptist Union, was absent from Sydney, and that the Rev. F. Hibberd was too ill to be present. Each member of the several deputations then addressed the Conference, and the Rev. Dr. Kelynack and Mr. P. P. Fletcher replied on behalf of the Conference. The doxology was sung, the Rev. J. Watkin offered prayer, and the President pronounced the benediction. ORDER OF BUSINESS FOR MONDAY. The report of the Board of Missions will be commenced on Monday morning. There will be an evening session, commencing at 7 o'clock, for the third reading of the stations. The following is the official address of the retiring President, the Rev. G. Hurst, at the recent opening; of the Conference : " My dear brethren, with the utmost pleasure I shall resign into his hand upon whom your choice shall fall the power, the responsibility, and the honour which you imposed upon me a year ago by electing me to fill the chair of this Conference. As to the cares, and even anxieties, incident to my position, and as to the manner in which I have discharged its duties, I shall only say that I bore the one and performed the other as best I could, with a sincere desire to serve the Church over which you placed me, and to honour Him whose servants we are, and who counted us faithful, cutting us into the ministry. In reviewing our work during the past year, and in considering the present state of our Church, it seems to me, that while there is much reason for thankfulness and encouragement, there is also much reason for humiliation before God, and for renewed and more complete consecration to Him. Success we have had, but not so much as was desirable, nor as it was reasonable to expect, especially that highest kind of success at which we sum, and to attain which we believe the Church of Christ was originally founded, and still exists. Additional districts have been occupied, new churches have been finished, others are in progress, and some have been enlarged; new congregations have been gathered and societies formed; the number of parsonages has been increased and- Sabbath-school work has been prosecuted with considerable success. All this proves that there are life and vigour in the Church, developed in Christian liberality and Christian zeal. All this, too, is encouraging as far as it goes, and gives the pledge, I hope, of better days to come. It is a kind of success without which probably higher forms of prosperity cannot be extensively obtained, and if obtained, rendered permanent. Viewing our Church work in the light of the facts which I have presented before you, we should thank God, and take courage. But Methodism does not exist simply to build churches, parsonages, and Sabbath-schools to multiply ministers, congregations, and societies to extend the mere forms of religion ; but to convert men to Christ, to raise them to the possession of the moral image of God and to the practice of all the comprehensive and sublime virtue of the New Testa- ment. For these purposes chiefly the Church of Christ exists and only in proportion as it secures them does it accomplish its divine mission. By this standard our success must be measured and our value in the world as, a Church estimated. Any success below this standard is not worth much in His sight, ' who, loved the Church, and gave Himself for it, that He might sanctify and cleanse it by the washing of water by the Word that He might present it to Himself a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish ' : neither is it of any great consequence to men. God judges all Churches by the spiritual and moral results which they produce, and by this standard they should be valued by men. A Church may have numerous and splendid ecclesiastical buildings, a learned ministry, large and fashionable congregations; yet if it has but few spiritual and holy people in real communion with it, it essentially fails in all the higher purposes for which Christianity exists. Tried by the standard which I now present before you, and which doubtless is the true Gospel Standard, the Methodist Church under the government of this Conference has, I conceive, same reason for deep humiliation before God. in the highest sense, our Church has had some success during the year, but not so much as we desired ; not so much as we ought to have expected, considering the Agencies employed, nor so much as in many years of the past. There have been real conversions under the preaching of the Word, proof of which is given in all holy conversation and godliness ;' but they have been scarcely sufficient in number to fill up the gaps made in our ranks by death, removals, and other contingencies. It is not enough that we even maintain our ground ; we have been accustomed to advance, and rightly expect to do it. If we only maintain our ground as to Church membership, we regard this as an evidence of comparative feebleness, or of some other adverse cause; and it certainly becomes us to be humble ourselves before God, and to inquire the reason why is the reason that the Methodist ministers have become less intellectually qualified for their work? Certainly not. abundant proof to the contrary exists. In regard to intellectual and preaching power, at no former period in the history of our Church in these colonies, was the Methodist ministry more efficient than in the present day. This is not my opinion merely, who might be supposed to take too favourable a view of this question ; but it is clearly the view of most of the other Churches, for they appear very heartily to welcome into their ministry those who, from various causes, are disposed to desert our own. If, as a ministry, we have any abnormal feebleness, it is not in power of thought, nor in ability to express that thought. is the reason, then, why we have not been more successful in the conversion of men to Christ, and from sin to holiness, that we have lost our spiritual power, either wholly or in part ? Not wholly, certainly and whether we have in part, I will not venture to affirm. Let each judge for himself. We still require evangelical conversion, and all the scriptural evidences of its existence in all who seek to enter our ministry, and the maintenance of spiritual life in all who continue therein. Indeed, such is the nature of our work and its requirements, that those who lose their spiritual life, sooner or later will leave it, especially if they think they can serve themselves better, as to this life, in some other way. Spiritual life we have, but none of us would venture to affirm that we have it is all the vigour. activity, and beauty it is possible to attain that there is no worldliness- in our hearts ; nor that we are so folly-devoted to God and- His work that we need no further consecration. But, dear brethren, let us well consider that, while we are conscious of the possession of the inner life of God, of being guided by holy purposes, and of putting forth much exertion in various forms to secure them, it is possible that our comparative want of success in its highest forms may be traced, to some extent, to our living partly below the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ, and if we find that it may be thus traced, let us renew our consecration to him and make it more complete. Doubtless one great reason why we have not been more successful may be found in the circumstances by which we are surrounded both in the world and in the Church itself. As to the world, it seems to be wholly devoted to the things of this life, having but little if any regard to the grand interests of the life to come. Of men in no former ago could it be said with much more truth that it may be said of them in our day, ' Who mind earthly things.' The masses neglect even the forms of Divine worship, and a real disregard of spiritual religion is more extensive stilL ' Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof,' are facts which distinguish many. Undue love of wealth and worldly pleasure, and their too eager pursuit, are obvious characteristics of the present day. It seems to be exceedingly difficult to fix in the public mind the idea that there is any thing more substantial, higher, holier, more permanent, better. We have committed into us the ministry of reconciliation, but we have this treasure in earthen vessels and alone we cannot successfully grapple with and overcome the spirit abroad in the world. We want ' power from on high,' and we shall never preach the Gospel as it ought to to be preached, with power and success, with extensive spiritual and moral results, unless we preach it with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven" by God are our life and strength, and without Him we are feeble and dead. The spirit of the world has entered the Church, seized upon its life, and all but extinguished it. The cares of this life, the love and deceitfulness of riches, and the desire of worldly pleasure are too prevalent, and they have done much to enfeeble and to render the Church unsuccessful. The mind of the youth of the Church is extensively drawn into modes of thought and action, if not inconsistent with the interest of the Church, yet not well calculated to promote it. Many kinds of work are preferred to real Church work, and many means rather than the means of grace. All these things hinder the success of our work, and tend to discourage us in it. But it is ours to proclaim eternal war against them all, and however strong they may prove themselves, never to yield to discouragement. ' Our weapons are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; and, if we will use them in dependence upon God, we shall ultimately succeed. But our future prospects, as a Church, are not altogether dis- couraging. In many parts of the country there are openings for the Methodist ministry, which we are earnestly invited to enter, and where there is every probability that we shall be successful. From some places in the distant interior I have received letters during the year, in which the writers give a very gloomy description of the spiritual and moral state of the people, and urge me to urge you to send ministers of our Church to their help. Several of these places we should at this moment fill, had it not have been for the want, not of money, but of suitable men. But it is better to send no men, than unsuitable ones. Several have deserted our ranks during the year ; but perhaps it would be very difficult to regard all these desertions as an unmitigated loss, while ^ some of them will doubtless be useful in their new positions. Many of the Churches find it somewhat difficult to raise sufficient suitable ministerial supplies in the colony ; but it is to be hoped that not one of them will use any undue influence to supply themselves at our expense. Five suitable candidates for our ministry will present themselves this year for your acceptance, and one who left us a year ago seeks to return. This supply, however, we shall find much too small for our needs, and it seems to me that we shall have to obtain a further supply from home. A supply of men, trained in the Methodist Colleges in England, we can obtain, on condition that we pay their passage to this sunny land,' and I am sure the Methodist people here will find the necessary means as soon as the Conference shall determine to ask them. My earnest hope is that the Conference will ask them for as much money as will be necessary to place a Methodist minister in every district of the country where one does not at present exist. Come over and help us ' is a cry which from many parts of the country you will certainly hear during this Conference and I trust that we shall all most resolutely say-the cry shall be met. In the city and suburbs a little has been done during the year ; but much still awaits accomplishment. Two new churches in the city have been completed and occupied during the year, and in the city and suburbs three others are in progress. Several other churches should give place to large and more beautiful ones ; several others should be erected in localities where at present none exist. These movements in advance we are able to take; and I hope that the whole Conference, representing the whole country, we- show a deep and liberal interest in them. We should endeavour to make ourselves strong in the centre; for if we are strong here our strength will reach the utmost borders of the land. While in the country generally we have improved our relative position, in the city and suburbs we have scarcely maintained it. large-hearted plans of advance both in the city and suburbs have been under very serious consideration during the year, and it is to be hoped that they will culminate in action. If the whole cannot be accomplished at once this should not discourage us, nor deter us from accomplishing it piece by piece. Allow me one moment to refer to the erection of the new college at Stanmore, which is steadily advancing, and which will be completed in due time. This is for us an immense undertaking ; but we shall accomplish it, and its advantages to our Church in the future will be incalculable. All classes in our Church will be par- takers of its benefits. Its advantages to your own sons, my brethren, will be great and allow me to say, that it now has special claims upon you for help. Some of you cannot largely help it by pecuniary contributions ; yet what you have done in this respect is most commendable ; but you can assist in other substantial forms. The sons of Wales leyansin general will in this college receive a sound and liberal education, fitting them for any position in life to which their natural talents are equal; and the whole Church will reap much fruit in the efficient training of the ministry. The present expenditure in this building will not be less than £25,000, requiring combined effort and enlightened liberality. You will be asked to set apart a minister to collect subscriptions during the year for the college buildings and may I ask, my brethren, that you will prepare his way into all our circuits, and vigorously assist him while he is with you ! As this college is for the whole Church, I will venture to ask, through you, that the whole Church will he true to the college and to themselves, by furnishing, as they are well able all the necessary funds for its completion." 