I PROFESSOR PEPPER AT THE TOWN HALL, There was a crowded house at the Town Hall last night, when Professor Pepper appeared for the first time in Hobart Town. The Professor comes to the colonies by the enterprise of some well-to-do Tasmanians, with a well- established reputation as a teacher of science is an attractive form. In his introductory lecture he said as it was a holiday night he would be more amusing than scientific, but, as it proved, the scientific portion was the best part of the entertainment. It must be said that the company had only landed late the previous night from the ss. Tasman, and they were fatigued with their hurried and necessarily faulty arrangements ; but the chief drawback undoubtedly was the clever imitation of the Professor by D'Arcy Read's Ghost, which had so successful a season a short time ago. As Professor Pepper said, the Read illusions may have been only imitations, and those now presented wore upon an altogether now and superior principle ; but still the charm of novelty was in a great measure wanting. This cannot be said of the beautiful scenic illustrations of torpedo warfare, which were as instructive as they are realistic and new to a general audience. In this, the opening part of the exhibition, the Professor alike charmed and taught his auditory with his well delivered comprehensive lecture, which may be described as " science made easy and agreeable." He traced the history of the invention of those fell engines of modern warfare, the torpedo, from the first crude and almost harmless deception of Fulton to the production of the terribly destructive Whitehead and Brennan torpedo, which have wrought such a revolution in defence and offence, both on land and water. He showed by means of views on canvas the different kinds of propulsion of the different torpedoes, and how the most perfect of these inventions could be made to pursue and out-manoeuvre a hostile vessel worked by means of an ironclad, or land batteries. Further it was shown how ironclads were protected, while at, anchor, from the approach of their deadliest enemy, the torpedo, by means of network placed round the vessel at some distance from her, Boas to harmlessly explode the charge. Lastly, the mortar magnesium light, and its use in disclosing the presence and approach of an enemy at night, whether an army or a fleet, were amply described and demonstrated, as also the electric light, now carried by all the English fleet by order of the Admiralty. The stupendous effects of torpedo explosions was illustrated by means of enlarged photographs, taken by the British Government upon experiments being made. The second part of the entertainment consisted of startling changes, and the instantaneous appeal dance and disappearance into airy nothing of a pretty little dog, a glass of gold fish, and game edibles. " The modern Metempsychosis " as it was called, amusingly delineated the Darwinian theory, not unmingled with some useful knowledge. A young lady mysteriously summoned into a living presence by the power of the fancies at the incantation of the Professor, sung a pleasing song, but the fair vocalist appeared to be unused to the presence of torrential mortals, and lost some favour by being nervous. A miraculous growth of flowers and the ghostly entry of the ghost of Banquo, with weird and wonderful disappearance, gave place to a piece of absurdity, " The missing Ghosts, but the text ought to be re- written by a dramatic author. Professor Pepper penned it, and he is out of his life in doing so, the pantomine dumb show being the best part of the piece. The Professor appears again to-night and as he announced he had lots of novelties and almost unlimited scientific apparatus, he will doubtless be well patronised. 