THE WHITE LADY AGAIN. , NEW. YORK HERALD. . A strange story, is making the rounds of tho German press, being an, account of the appear-. .ance> of thewhite lady, who 1b supposed ,to make her appearance as.a ghost atcertaim times to am nounce the death of some member of the Hblien- zollern family. Very recently the, cable brought .us the. announcement, of the death of tlie young Prince Waldemar of Prussia, the -third son of the Crown- Prince of Germany, a,nd now we. learn irom an account teiegrapneu .by an;l!ing- lish correspondent, from Berlin that the myste rious lady , in white made lipr appearance on the -eve of the, young Prince's .death. . " It may in terest those wiio happen to-be learned in, Ber-/ lin legends to know," says the correspondent, that according to report the white lady,- whose visits always precede the death of some mem- ber .of the Royal family of Prussia, was seen on the eve of Prince "Waidemar's death. A soldier ton guard at the Qld Palace was the witness of. the_apparition, and.he.in his fright fled, to the guard-hpuse, when he was at qiice arrested for . deserting, his post." "Nd further 'particular are" yet to hand, and it mll: probably be found- that the" sentinel hiul beexrrlisteniiig . to stories. . of the. oec£feionil appearance of the mysterious lady just before he mounted guard, .and that tho/' apparition "rwas something Very human/ after all.; Legendary, history does; however, tell lis of many visits of- the:white"lady "t» tho Hohenzollern castles, at Bayreuth; Arisbaeh',, and at Berlin. She made a . great stir about/ the commencement of the present century on the occasion of the French occupation of Bay reuth, when slip took great/delight ih annoying the foes of the Hohenzollerns. She is also re puted to have paid' visits to Napoleon I, while he resided in the old cnstle at Bayreuth ; and a Bayreuth Margrave was once so ungallant as to pitch a. white lady over the . banisters of the stairs, to find next morning' thathe had maimed one of his female/ domektics for life. The legend of the appearance of the woman in white as tlie premonitress of death lias- long, been connected with the Hohenzollern family history. Old Merian declares that she was frequently seen in the Old Palace at Berlin/in the years 1652 and 1653, and Stilling, the mys tic, and friend of Goethe,' was a firm ( believer in the phantom. The /last appearattce/of . a white lady in Europe was/In' 1873; in the/Impe rial castle at Vienna. But, the white lady being a HohenzoUem. spectre, the Hapsburg visitor was. in . all probability' an impostor. . Wo are inclined all; the; more, to /this belief from tlio fact that tlie sentinel to/whom she appeared' tried tlie effect bf his bayonet upon the pheno- ' 'menon, and there was a gentle rumor whispered about -Vienna at the time that somebody had been wounded,— some lovely lady whose white 'dress" shone in the moonlit corridors. The Ber lin " apparition" will probably he found tohave a different explanation,— namely, that the sen tinel had already been greatly, excited in liis mind by the ghost stories he had heard, and that his imagination was just in the condition necessary to transform any fluttering white into the phantom form of ;tlie White Lady of the Hohenzollerns. ' " : :: ; 