*' ' CHAPTER XVII -MXTBDEB (CONTINUED). ; I \- "'3Desrones jaùfugffëd'liiB .'shoulders.'"-'.; Mrs. "Evü Vinurmurod ¿omothing about her poor husband ' watch" which hod boen à good ono in its'time, ti yjone ,qf, the hands broke .short off, andthe worl , , went wrong., Mrs. : JRawber had ¡ a . çlock ,on ; hi J. bedroom mantelpiece, and had noticed the tin when that awful cry waked her, scared as she wa > It was10 minutes after 3. ' .' ; '" And now it wants twenty to 4," said .the se: goant, looking at his watch. "If the husban t did it ho must have done it a good hour before 1 ' ^"gave the alarm, at least 'that's my opinion. W ( Ashall hear what the doctor Bays ; I'll go and fete , him.' Now, look hore, my good people j if yo -..value'your own characters you'll none of yo ! attempt to leave this house to-night. Your ev \- dence will bo wanted at the inquest to-morro\ and the quieter and closer you keep yourselv< ''? meanwhile the safer for you." . . . 1 "' " I shall go back to bed," said Desrolles, " as .don't soo my way to being of any use." "That's tho best thing you can-do," said tl \- sergeant," approvingly; "and you, ma'am," 1 added, turning to Mrs. Rawber, " had better fo v low tho gentleman's oxamplo." r. . . ' Mrs. Rawber felt as if her bedroom would I .: peopled with ghosts, but did not like to give utte; ance to her fears. ., . .. ' , " 111 go down and sot a light to my parlour fl« '.and mix myself a wine glass full of somethin . warm," she said. " I,feel chilled to the marrówr.c my hones." fe: " You, ma'am, had;: better wait up here till come back with a doctor," said tho policeman. ' Desrolles had returned to Ids room by thistimt ? Mrs. Rawber went downstairs with the policeman ., glad. of his company so far. Ho waited politer, ' while sho struck a lucifer and lighted her candle . and then ho hurried oil' to find the doctor. " There's company in a fire," mused Mrs. Raw ber, as she groped for wood and paper in the bot . tom of a cupboard not wholly «rhocent of blacl ,-. beetles. \- There was company in a glass of hot gin anc ' water too, by-and-bye, when tho tiny kettle hoc , -been coaxed into a boil. Mrs. Rawber was a teni ! perate woman, but she liked what she called hoi ',' little comforts," and an occasional glass of gil . and water was ono of them. "It's very hard upon me," she said to herself, thinking of tho dreadful deed that hod beon done ' up-stoirs; "tho rooms suit mo, and I'm used tc them ; and yet I believe I shall havo to go. ] shall fancy tho place is hnuutcd." .She glanced round over her shoulder, foarfu * leßt she should soe La Chicot in her awful beauty -a marble faco, a blood-stained throat, and glass; eyeB regarding her with an awful stare. " I shall have to leave," thought Mrs. Rawber. Moanwhilo Mrs. Evitt was alone upstairs. Sh< waa a ghoul-like woman, for whom horrors wore not without a ghastly relish. She liked to visit in tho houso of death, to sit bosido the winter fire with a batch of gossips, consuming tea and toast, ? . dwelling on the details of a last illness, or discus sing tho order of a funeral. She had a dreadful courage, that carno of a familiarity with death. She took up tho candle, and went in alone and un oppalled to look at La Chicot. " How tight that hand is clenched," she said to hersolf ; " I wonder whothor there's anything in it," , : She forced back tho stiffening fingers, and with : tho candle held oloso, bent down to peer into the marble palin. In tho hollow of that dead hand she .. found a little tuft of iron-grey hair, which looked as-if it had boon torn from a man's head. - ! : Mrs. Evitt drew tho hairs from the dead hand, " and with a careful precision laid thom in an old ' . lotter which sho took from her pocket, and folded up tho lotter into a neat little packet; which she , returned to tho samo calico receptacle for hetero ., genous articles. " What a turn it has given me," she said to hor , solf, stealiug buck to the landing, her petticoat lifted lest sho should.disturb that dreadful pool he . Bide tho bed. " ' ; > ; . j Tho expression of her face had altered since she . entered tho room. There was a new intelligonco in; her dull grey eyes. " Her countenance and bear ing wore as of ono whoso mind is charged with the ' weight bf an awful secret. . ' ,. ., .' . Tho surgeon came, an elderly mau, who lived close at hand, and wn s experienced to. tho'ways bf that .doubtful sootion of sqoioty which inhabited tho neighbourhood of Cibber-stropt. In Iiis opinion ? La Chicot had boon dead throe hours. It was now ? on.tho stroke of 4. 1 o'clock must, therefore, have boen the time of tho murder. ¡ , t :-, . Tho police sergeant carno, bock in company with .'...a mon in plain clothes, and these¡twomade acar'o t ful examination of tho promises togother, the'ro ". suit' of which inspection wont to show that lit ?' would have boon extremely difficult for any one to oritor tho , house from tho back. The front door Avus left on tho latch all nightj and had been for the last eleven years and no harm had evor come , pf at, Mrs. Evitt declared, plaintively. It was a Chubb lock, and she. didn't believe there was nno . ther like it in all London. .. .!. ? - .The man in plain clothes committed himsolf to no opinion, nor did he enter upon any discussion as to the motivo of a criino apparently so motive less. Ho made his notes of the plain facts of tho case, and wont away with tho sergeant. : " What am I to do about laying her out," asked ' Mrs. Evitt of the doctor. " I wouldn't lay a fiugcr Upon her for a hundred pounds." " I'll send round a nurse from tho workhouse," ,sxid the doctor, after a moment's thought. t ',r Thoy'ro not easily Beared." Halt' au. hour later tho workhouse nurse came, a tall, bony woniau, AVIIO executed hoi* horrible task in a business-like manner, which testified to the atienen" of her nerve and the variety of heir expe rience. " .r ? ??? i. .~ |. By 5 o'clock in the morning all waa done, and La Chicot lay with meekly, folded hands, under clean white linen-tho heavy lidB closed for ever on the once lovely eyes,, the raven hair, parted on the classic brow.' " She's the handsomest cox'pse I've laid out for the last ten ' years/' . said the - nurse, " and I think she does me credit. . If you've got the kettle on the boil, mum, and can give, me a cup of tea, I shall be thankful for it j and I think a teaspoonful of speriite in it would me good. I've been up all night with a fractious pauper in thë smallpox-ward."- ; : "Oh, lor," cried'Mrs. Evitt, with an alarmed countenance. ........ . ' ' ' H " You've been vaccinated, of course, muni," said the nurse cheerfully. "You don't belong to none of thom radical anti-vaccinationists, ï'm sure. And as to catchingi complaints of that kind, mum, it's only your pore-spirited, nervous people as does it. I never have no pity for such weak mortals. I look down on 'em toó much.": . ;, .' j 