Christmas Between Two Stools. BY JOHN W1SICEK. Miss Amelia Hickey, as she often proudly ?remarked, livod in . the best part of Padding- ton,' Brisbane. To tho eye of the ordinary observer thal salubrious suburb presents a ?jrenmrkably average appearance. It is not easy to distinguish the best part from tbo wors'. Io mo tho sight of Paddington always infused u gentle melancholy throughout my poetic soul. The place is rich in associations : with the cemetery on the one hand and the gaol on the other, the resident is enabled at once to modi. ?tate upon present prospects and future cor tainties. About tbo Christmas of 1877, when this story opens, Paddington had a sutnow hat faded and biokon-spirited look. Tho drought bad emptied the tankt, burnt tho paint on tho houses, and so dried up the verdure that every rightmindod mau thanked Providence for not «ending Nebuchadnezzar into the neighborhood to gran. It was very difficult indeed to find' out the ' host part ¡' but, wherever it was, Mils Amelia Hickey lived in it, and had done so for many years. She was a pretty girl of twenty years, tall and Blina, with a sympathetic oye. True, her nose w&B; ' tip-tilted like tho petal of a flower, M Tennyson puts it ; but a good deal may be made out of a turned-up uojo if it is properly worked. Then her ankle was nicely turned. One of her udmirers tcrmod it a ' fleeting vision of ethero.il delight,' whilst her brother Tom irreverently deoloied it to bo a 'leg like thun. der.' So erect was Amelia's figure that the Bamo wretch compared it to u yard and a-half of i"e'x"P water j but, in spito of theso prosaic com Q~f})ar¡6one, she undoubtedly was a nice girl, and a ' - credit to ber family, of which Mr. Hickey builder, in a good way of business, was tho bead. Notwithstanding her manifold attrac- tions, the light of true, lovo had never thone into Amelia's eyes, though a vast quantity of effulgence at all times shone out of them. Suitors had been abundant, but none of them had been deemed eligible. Meteors had flashed across the horizon of her affections, but no satellite revolved round her, nor had even a comet settled down into a regular though eccentric orbit. One young gentleman had been deemed eligible in many respocts, but brought himself to aheavy discount through repeated appearances at the Police Court on various charges of being mors lively in Queen-street late at night than tho necessities of civiÜBution requirod. Another youth wssadmonisbodlhuthehad better wait until his pound a week incrcused along with his age and his wisdom, both of which attributes moved on- wards rather slowly. Ho declared that tho light, ofhia existence was blotted out for ever. Amelia suggested rushlight. Ha darted homo in a frame of mind wavering botweon knife, rope, and river; but he reooTered from that form of indisposition, and three weeks afterwards ate a whole turkey for a wagor. Another vory elegant young follow tendered his love, but unfortunately also tendorod a forged ohequo very shortly afterwards. Then there was a red- headed widower, with threo children, who offered himBelf. Ho ownoi a great deal of land, and old Hickey said that the match would ' work well into' his business. Amelia declared that she would never ' work into' that family, and the red- haired landowner had to content himself with announcing that ' the girl was a fool.' The prospect, as Amelia put it, was ' perfectly alarming.' Plainor girls than she, Iobs worthy girls than abo, and in a lower station than she, had gone off uko Bengal lights, simply because the right man had presented himself at the proper moment ; but Miss Amelia was not mated, much leas married. Matters were in this pass when, shortly be- fore the Christmas of 1877, Miss Hickey ro ? oeived an invitation to a picnic to be hold on Christmas Day in the neighborhood of Indoo- roopilly. This invitation came from Mr. Elijah Bodger, a merchant of Edward-streot, a resident of Petrie- terrace, and a member of tho Assembly for some constituency or other up North. Mr. "Bodger was quite a typical legislator-a little addicted to liquor, and an ardent patriot. He WM alto typical of a largo class of traders. He lived upon other people's money as long as ho could; and when he could do so no longer he ' went through.' One of his warmest admirers also a legislator, said that ' Bodger 'ad an 'ead on his shoulders.' I should say he had. It must be almost as difficult in the end to 'ive by bankruptcy as to live by hard work. Nobody wondered at Bodger giving an expensive picnic. Men who have a habit of * going through' have generally also a habit of liberal expenditure. Alieni appetetis, tui profutus. It appears, how- ever, that on this occasion Mr. Bodger had a epeoial interest in what ho called ' running' this picnic. 'Braham,' said he to his hopeful son one morning at breakfast, 'I have a purpose in ; giving this picnic on Christmas Day.' Mr. Braham Bodger was the only son of the legislator, and sole heir to all his father's dis- charges in insolvency. He was a middle-sized young man of about two-and-twenty, with a waxen face and a little black mouecache, upon the care of which he spent as much time as would have enabled him to acquire any known science or art, from conchology to cock-fighting. Mr. Braham had an immense opinion of hims If. 'Well, what's the game this time, boss ?' en- quired this respectful specimen of human pro- geny. ' I want you to cut in with that little girl at Hickoy's. An aunt has just left her a thousand pounds. I have made careful enquiries, and know it for a fact, though they keep it quiet enough at Hickey's.' 1 Oh ! if there's a thousand pounds in it, I am quite ready. I alwoys admired tho girl, und if there's money--' ' Admired her !' 1 Yes, I did, and no mistake.' ' Well, your admirations, of which I believe you have about five-and-twenty on hand, are nothing to me. This thousand pounds would be awfully useful to us.' The dutiful heir thought that if he got such a sum he would like to dissolve the firm, but he did not say so, 'Things are getting tight-very tight.' 'Were they ever anything else ?' 'To hear you speak, one would think that you were the father and I the son. I wish in mer«y it conld be so ! Anyhow, it will be very awkward for us to go through again, and I with a seat in the House too.' 'Desperately awkward,' said the son. 'Bankers and people oro getting to be perfect brutes in refusing credit.' 'Horrid-outrp¿eous ; now, if wo had that thousand pounds, we should not only ho right, but flourishing. I don't think the court would ever know ne again !' i And the Spartan father Bat back in his chair and saw reflected in the opposito mirroMho spectacle of virtue yet unrealised. ' Tbo official assignee and the reet will miss us. I quito feel for thom,' Baid Br.iham. ' Yes.thiir position will bo pathetic. However, »ill you pitch in on Christmas Day ?' Tho young coxcomb responded that he would pitch in, that ho know how to make love-let bim alone for that. Then the eatimnblo pair went to business. Chambb II. The happy day arrived. An omnibus could not be bad ; ond, accordingly, three waggonettes full of expectant mortulity loft tho rendezvous precisely at half- past 10 on the morning of the 25th of December. The party was not a largo one; indee! it will be seeu from the conversa- tion bîlween Bodger and son that thorc was ,no inducement to make it largo. It was hopjed, however, that tho constituents would bo bar. monioua, though whether such a hop« was Moly to bo realised seemed doubtful from the outect. Besides the two Bod.er«, tho Hickeys were re- presented by father and mother, Aoiolia and Tom, Four smallor Hickoya woro left to howl at homo and smash crockery, There was, besides, Luoy Keggs, an orphan niece of old Hickey, who had lived with bim for.some years, and had degenerated into something like a superior servant. She was small in etutuici desperately good-tempered, and dismally plain There was Harry Maitland, a lawy or's clerk, who promised well in his profession. Everybody had a good word for him. Ho kept his widowed mother. He loved Amelia tenderly, but did not consider that his position was such us would justify him in speaking. Mr. Timotheus Blogg was a clerk in the Works Office-a duik, weird, Byronio youth. Ho was endowed with a powerful pootic faculty, and bad secured the insertion of un inorodiblo number of versos in the waste-paper baskets of local editors. Tho black hair of Mr, Blogg rose high above his forehead ; his brows lowered darkly ; his voice was hollow, and seemed to como from somewhere about the hcols of his boots ; his aspect was despairing ond tragic. Awe mingled with ad- miration was the fooling wherowith many maidens contemplated this descendant of Pindar. The remaining members of the party call for no special description. Three fat middle-aged women wore balanced by throe lean middle aged men. A few young pcoplo completed the company. It was, I havo said, selected with a view to its being harmonious. But Mr. Elijah Bodger, M.L.A., bad made no allowunco for the influence of genius. This, howovor, power- fully asserted itself. Tho Oimmorian Blogg had conceived a violent attachment for Miss Hickey, but had forgotten to toll either bor or nnybody else of the fact. The aforesaid looal editors might havo deducod somothing from the numerous odos they received oniitlej, ' To Amelia I' ' Ilickoy, whore art thou ?' ' O Pad- dington I' and so forth ; but theso effusions were all published in such a way that they seeded no personal examination. However, Mr. Blogg chose to take it for granted that everybody ought to bo acquainted with the state of his innermost and undeclared feelings, and he acted accordingly. Bashfulness had novor boen among tho weak- nesses which had conducted tho Bodger family on its triumphal march to fifteenpcnco in the pound. Mr. Braham Bodger mado himself remarkably affable to Mrs. Hiokoy, a quiet little woman, who highly appreciated that kind of thing ; ho was vory jolly with tho ' old man ;' and finally he, so to speak, Beizod upon Amelia, placed her in one of the waggoncttos, and jumped ia by her sido-all as if she had been a pieco of his own peculiar property. Mr. Blogg, who under ordinary circumstances might havo got through tho picnic in an average stato of poetic muddle, now began to oonvert himself into a positive nuisance by moans of a powerful strain of dismal tragedy. He started, and then gazed on the scene in the othor waggonette with an icy glare, much after tbo fashion of Macbeth when bo discovered that disagreeable gentry with marrowleBB bonoB had obtruded themselves upon his banquet. Tom Hickey asked him if he thought the picnic waa to bo hold there, and unceremoniously hustled the post into another waggonette. Blogg audibly groaned. 'Hullo!' said Tom, 'anything wrong I* Better have a nip if you feel queer.' Blogg muttered something about ' earthly remedies,' and 'unavailing resources,' and 'eternal oblivion.' .Don't you think he's been nipping already, Tom ?' whispered his father, who was in tho esme vehicle. 'No, I think not} he's a poetic sort of follow, and imagines that he's Shakspeare, with a dash of Milton. He cuts up queerly «hen his in spiration is strong on him. A contractor once asked him a question in the Works Office, and Blogg shook his fist violently at the old man, and cried " Avauntl" He was in a horrible funk, though, when ho got out of bis inspira- tion.' ' He'll end in Woogaroo,' said old Hickey. At this moment young Bodger stooped his faco so close to Amelia's ear that Blogg thought he waa committing the indiscretion of kissing her, whereas Braham was only whispering some- thing tender. 'Stars, hide your fires !' cried the miserable compound of Shakspeare and Milton. 'They can't oblige you at present,' said Tom, who now saw what was the matter. ' They are not out. Your case shall be attendod to as soon as they are.' ' For ribaldry I om in no mood, friend,' ob. served Blogg, quoting a line from one ol his own plays. ' All right j but isn't young Bodger going it with our Amelia?' ' Horrible sight ! let mo hide it from me !' ' You can if you like,' remarked the malicious wretch ; ' but my opinion is that it is settled between them.' Blogg smote his forehead. 'I believe (tho villain did not believe anything of the kind) that Amelia will bo Mrs. Braham Bodger in a month or two.' At this baleful announcement Blogg collapsed altogether, nor did he show any signs of reviving animation until they arrived at their destination, and Tom had hauled him out and planted bim on his feet. It is amazing how little ia dono at an average picnio beyond getting there, eating and drinking, and getting back again. This Christmas Day of 1877 waa too hot for pleasure. The three fat middle-aged women were the only section of tho party who appeared in keeping with the occasion, for by tho time they reaohed the camping ground two of them looked exactly like the roast beef of Old England, whilst the third represented all that could bo wished in the shape of plum-pudding. The three lean middle aged men looked whiter than cvor ia the'sheen of tho midday sun. They quaffed their beer with the air of mnrtyrs. Blogg went off mooning omong tho gum-trees, or, a» ho phrased it, ' plunged into tho depths of the forest to com- mune' with his doaolttto soul.' Old Hickey smoked in Bilence. Mr. Bodger, sen., soon saw that, in order, to provont everything from be- coming flat, it was necessary to prepare luncheon ut onco. This the older« did, whil t the joung people romped and flirted among tho trecB. Young Bodger worked harder than ever, und Amelia seemed ploased with him. Ho was the most presentable young man of the party, and ho did his boat to in uko himself agreeable. Strango to say, old Bodger by no means approved of this kind of 'pitching in.' Ho glowored fiercely at the pair (when he could se« them), and might havo lost his tamper had ho j not been convincod of the neeojaity of preserv- ing it. He ti ied to got a word with his ami, I butyrung Bodger did not aoo bim. Ho colled to his hopofiil, but young Bodger did not hear him. Then the anxious paront exhaled a few curses upon the midday air, inhaled the car borne acid of half a bottlo of champagne, and felt a littlo revived. 1 'Melia and that there young Bodgor is gettin' very thick, ain't they ?' said mild Mrs Hiokoy to bar spouso. ' They eeoin to bo, and I'm almost sorry for it. Ho is a decout young fellow, but I'm ufraid old Bodger ia not n stable mau.' ' Who on earth wants a stable mun ? We've horses enough," exclaimed the partner of old Hickey'« joys. 'You ninny, I meant that I didn't know whether Bodger was substantial-quilo sound in his business. Not that I wish to say any- thing in a hasty way again a mau, neither,' 'Oh! vVoll, 'Melia must consult her own feelings first.' 'She will consult them first and last, so that wo neod not bothor about it.' At length all was ready ; but where wus Blogg P Probably in tha first «ceno of ii five act drama, Fooling the justice of this appre- hension, Tom Hiokoy and Harry Maitland plunged into the depths of the forest in order to seo where tho poet wa« communing with his dosolato soul. Thoy found him. Ho bud boen communing to bohío purpose. In bia abstrac- tion ho had plunged into the scrub and torn his clothes ; ho had boggod himself up to his knees ; his hut was on ono side ; his hair dis hovelled. King Lear must havo beon u jiko to to him. The two young follows roared with laughter. ' Como,' said Tom at last, ' if wo had known that you wanted a pionic all to yoursolf yau might as well havo had it out in our back gardon. Tuko a pull at this.' Tho poet applied to his lips a strong mixturo of rum and water, and kept it in that position for an unpootical period of time. Ho swigged, spluttered, coughed, and returned to earth again. .Now,' said Tom, * jou'ro iu love with my sister ; that's as plain as noonday.' 'Ah!' .And you don't npprovo of Bodgor'a carryings on?' Blogg pluDgod for tho moment into tho dosing «cono of an extra direful piece of dramatio «moneo. 'Quito natural,' continued Tom, 'that you shouldn't like Bodger making any headway ; but it's all your own fault. You'vo ncvor spokon to the girl ! How is she to know your sentiments unless you toll her ? Cheer up ! Drcaa yoursolf carofully to-morrow ovoning, and como down to our place and havo it out with Amelia, And tako my advice, and leuvo all thoBo infernal meditations to Hervey, Gray, and othor fellows who wore fond of muddling among the tombs. I shouldn't adviso you to say any- thing to-day. Make tho best of your chance (it isn't a bright 'un, poor devil). It's a free country, and, thank goodness, there's no special monopoly for Bodgor in it !' Then thoy tried to straighten him down and make bim look human, but his desolate soul had led him into such awful mease« that this was not wholly possible ' A nico article for a brothor-in-law 1' said Tom to Hurry Maitland when they had dono their beat. Blogg waa led to tbo luncheon in a much moro cheerful frame of mind aftor these chari- table speeches. Nobody took much notice of them, Binco the mouths of half the company woro full and the glasses of the other half were empty. The luncheon was a good one, and waa eaton as all meals ero under such circumstance«. You strain your neck, and twist your Iirrba j you drop your food on your own clothe«, and your drink on the clothes of your neighbor; insects fall from tho trees, and crawling things BBcend from the earth. This kind of thing ia termed agreeable, and I Bupposo it must be, or bo many people would not join in it. Young Bodger wo« in on increasing Btate of devotion towards Amelia. Amelia was in a quiot etato of complacency, and enjoyed herself so much that she almost forgot to have a delicate appotito. Old Bodger darted towards the happy pair us many furioua glances aa his duties in the way of boat would permit him- glances that Braham hazily recognised, but could by no moans interpret. Tho old fellow, for aomo reason or other, looked like a volcano previously to eruption. Ho drank doubly-as a legislator and as a man in a rage. Braham Bodger drank to keep up his courage. Blogg drank to keep down his despair. The latter gentleman grasped at every bottlo that came within his reach, and it is a mercy that a blacking bottle did not go round along with tho reat. Blogg wos on the lee-side of one of the middle-aged loan gentlemen, who wsB a bit of a wag in his way, and who plied the unfortunate poet with hock, ouraooa, gin and gingerbeer, rum and lemonade, and kindred charming mixtures. Before Iho faaat was finished the poet's utterances would have been husky if he had uttored anything, which was not the case. When at length thoy had no excuse for sitting longer, the pa'ty rose, the fat women being helped up. The legislator dashed to his son. ' Braham, this won't do at all, you know I Why don't you poy attention to the littlo girl ?' . So I have.' 'Oh! that's all right; but you must finish off this business properly. It ia imperative.' 11 understand that. I am doing my very beat.' ' Well, then, go to her at once.' And the anxious parent pointed towards Lucy Keggs, the desolate orphan ! Braham Bodger looked at his father with the air of an inquisitive kangaroo. ' All right, old mon ! DI do it at once.' ' Do, my boy ; so much depends upon it.' ' Why on earth,' said young Bodger to him- self, ' should he want me to pay attention to th t most uosocountablo image? A diplomat! move, I suppose. Doesn't want my attentions to become too obtrusive, and the old folks to take tho alarm. But I cannot bother with that kind of manoeuvring. It's a short sprint race, and I must muko tho running.' Accordingly he proposed a «troll to Amoli», Sha accoptod, and thoy bogan to move away into cha bud). ' Braham I* rolled out a voice as loud and a« significant a« the first gun that was fired at 11 o'clock on the morning of Waterloo. But amid the rustle of tho gum-trcos and the crack of crockery Braham affected not to hear him. 'Braham I II' ' You bo bio wed!' And the loving oouplo wandered on. Bra- ham had ' takon in' a tolerable quantity during tho raoal; but though ho had drunk enough to muke lum dashing und spirited he had not imbibed sufficient to rendar him offonsivo. Ho was j mt in the humor for a coup de main. Amelia, however, waa rathor pervorae. She would tulk of the natural objecta around, of which she knew little and he nothing. Thus half-an hour passed away, aud ho did not «core a point. ' How brilliant is tho sheen of the «uti amongst tho foliase, a- d how glassy look« the river in the diatanco '.' ' This is altogether a cut above mo,' thought Bodger. ' If this kind of thing goes on much longer I shall bo quite stuck in tho mud.' ' How lovely the color of the hills that are just falling into the shade !' ' Er-um-yea, it's very pretty !' Thcro wat a pause, during whioh Bodgor felt na if ton thousand pins and needles wero stick in ¿ into him in all diroctiou«. ' Doaroit Amelia-' ' Mr. Rodger I How can you think of UBing such an expression under present circum- stances ?' Bodger thought that this was an encourage- ment to bim to UBO it under futuro circum- stances j and having once got on solid ground ho went on in a manlj stylo. .Doarost Amolia! I cannot uso any other expression. Our converso to-day ha« boon brief, but how many timos havo I admired you ! I havo a'ked myself tho quoition ofton-could I livo without you ? I fool I could not.' Ho felt as if living without the thousand pounds would bo highly inconvenient-, but of course ho «aid nothing on that point. Tho young lady drooped her bead, blushed, and was «ilent. .I think it's a won game,' said Bodgor to himself. ' I boliovo ho is coming to tho point,' «aid Amelia to horsolf. . Amolia, dearest, will you bo mine ?' I Oh! dear» Mr. Bodgor, you should not carry on f o,' . What should I do without you ?' II am aure I oannot toll,' she demurely re- marked. 'Perhaps you would try aomobody olso.' . Ploaeo, do not tantaliao mo.' . I wonder when ho is going to moko me an offer,' aho aaid to horsolf. .This is uo timo for dallying,' said ho. ' I should think not,' thought shs. Ho took out an ongagoinont ring, but kept it olosoly con« cealod within his baud. 'Sweetest Amelia, I havo satisfied myeolf that wo wore modo for oaoh other. Though wo havo nover had a conversation of such a private eharaclor as this, wo havo known each other long. My happiness cannot bo completo with- out you. Will you bo mino ?' .Dear mo, Mr. Bodger, you aro in such a hurry.' 'There's nothing Uko hitting tho noil on tho hoad.' 1 Tho notion of comparing mo to a nail wait- ing to got hit on the head is not calculated to improve your prospect», air.' Thoao worda wore uttorod with much gravity. ' Well - or -of courao, I am suro I had no wish to mako any vulgar observation. All that I meant to say wa« that, having convinced my- self as to tho direction in which mylora is tend- ing, I thought thore was no necessity for delay, Delays, doarost, you know oro dan gorou«.' She was anxiously engaged in looking at the point of her toe, and in tapping it with her parasol. She made no answer. 'I've got her,' thought Bodgor. ' Ii'b all right,' thought ehe. The engagement ring glittered in hi« fingers. He took her hand, and met with no rojistanoo. Is there any ecstaiy in thia world com- pared with that you experience when a nice girl consonts to ah aro her fortunes with you for life ? I imagine not. Bodger was entirely of tho some opinion, half donkey half soump M ho was; and when he had put the ring on her fiugor, and encircled her waist with hi« arm, ho drow hortowardshim with the view of imprinting upon her lipa that ««iluto which i« universally allowed to be justifiable under the circumstances. At that moment a voioa resounded through the acrub 'Fionds! tortures! agony!' Tbo misguided Blogg had followed the lovers, and had dmnk in erery word. In my earlier years I was made acquainted with a play bearing tho cheerful title of ' Tho Idiot Witness, s tale of blood,' One of tho villains in this story-there was a very liberal supply - finding that things wero not altogether going to bia satisfaction, mode uae of tho terrifio oxprcsrion I have just quoted. Whether Blogg thought that ho was an ' idiot witness,' or whether ho resolved to make 'a tale of blood1 of tho whole concern, has never been determined to this day. Hocortainly imitated tho disappointed villuin in tho tragic play. There was a cruBh of branchoB, a rip of torn clothing, and Blogg wbb gone. The after- noon air waftod towarda the lovors tho ominous worda : 'Loat! lost! Sho ia his.' Amelia sat down on the nearoBt log. 'Ho boB heard every word that baa been said.' 'Well, I don't see that it much mattera,' said Bodger. ' If ho had heard mo rejected, I might hove felt cut up. Dearest Amolia, it Booms to me that you require support.' And Bodger supported his darling, and, re- markable to relate, she required support all the way to the picnicing ground, but whon thoy emerged from tho bushes whiah surrounded that scene of convivial delight she required no sup- port whatever. 'Look at Bloffg,' «old Tom Hickey to Mait- land. . By jove I if the fellow goes on at this rate we aboil have to blacklead him for tho sake of decency.' 1 He seems to be very ardent,' aaid the quiet Maitland. . Ardent ! ardent spirits could not have a woree effect upon him. The man is mod.' Fresh applications to the hamper« did not im prove tho condition of cither of the rivals. They met. Blogg s owlcd Bodgor glarod. . Smiling villain !' exclaimed Blo¿g. ' Don't out up rough,' odvuod Bodgor. ' Murdoroui ruffian .' cried Blogg 'Confounded ass1' retorted Bodgor . Do your worst, wretch ¡ I defy yo '' Thia wa« obviously ano» lejiittur, sinco Bodger did not want to do anything Ho was triumph ant why should he quarrel? Ho had got Amelia, and wanted nothing more (for tho moment) Ho was the Paris of this Ihud, and if Monelaus wanted his Helen butk it was Ina business to get her. Actuated by tbeao vor) just considerations, Bodger remained in o Btnto of inactivity which Blogg misluuk ior cowardice The disappointed ono advanced with tho idea of wringing Bodger's nose. Bodger k locked lum into a humper of crockery A squull arose from the women. 'Hie men rushed to sepáralo tho rivals and to pick up Blogg. He «merged from bia pluto of doposit with his poetical nppeurunco fully developed by tho adlioronce to tho «oat of his trousers of u vast quantity of salading Mr. Elijah Bodger hod viowol tho wholo of theso proooedings with anospeotof rngobegotlon mixcdlt of rum and rumination Ho was obviously dissttisfiod with the wholo of the day's doings, and his son, who could not help noticing his discontent, was uttcilv lit a loss to account for it. Young Bodger waa proud of Ina aolnovo monis, und waa absorbed too deeply in lovo and liquor to liston to any expostulation« Ilonco, when hi« father said to lum, 'Ninny!' and 'A nico moss you've mode of it,' young Bodgor never stayed to onquiro into tho origin of such remark», but «imply ropliod, ' You bo bongod1' Amelia «aw with regret tho rapid advance of b r affianced into the realms of intoxication, but sbo charitably mude allowuncca. It was an o it ing ; it wits Christmas Day , and bo had j ist made an odor. Theso oombiucd influence« of excitement wero kindly deoinod a sufhciout ex- cuso. It fortunately happens in Queensland that the sun ia a strict adherent of tho oarly clos ng «novcinont. At this unpleasant conjunction of affairs that luminary m ado up his mind that ho had dono work ouough-which was a porfoctly corrcot conclusion, seotng that ho hud made it ono of tho hottest day« of tho yair Aooard mgly, ho dipped behind tho distant rango«, and went out like a wax umtali dropped into u unah bowl Tho party puckod thoni8ol\ea, or wero packed by kiud enquiring frienda, into tho vehicles. Now in les tile glimmering Innilscnpo on tliosight, And all tho air a »oleum stillness liolils Chavtku III. The father und son mot tho nat morning at breakfast. . Havo you got donn thoolumnoy ?' onquired Bodger temor. . I novor went up it ' ' You tried vory hard But what aro you going to tako for breukfast ?' . Brandy and soda' was tho prompt reply, 'I thought ao,' but (ho oidor gentleman did not say vory much. Ho had a tumbler of pro cisoly tho same compound at his own right hand, and ho was arduously attacking a singlo kidney m front of him-tho said kidney bomg waited upon by an unusual attoudanoo of cayonno poppor. .You did it mooly, yealordny '' said Elijah. 'I should thiuk I did' ' Charming in the oxtromo '* 'Yob, 1 left nothing undone 9ho has my rmgonhor finger, and it's an engagement.' The patriarch groaned ' GoodnosB gracious ' You don't moan to say that you went as far as that ? Wo aro ruined entirely.' 'Ruined' Why I oourtcd, woood, and won tho girl all in ono day, and if that is ruin I should like to know what you terra suecoas.' ' You courted the wrong gul, and it appoam that you havo wooed and won hei. Mycomph montB to you ' You aro such a conceitod young jackanapoa that Icould not got tv word in with you edgoways Amohu Hickoy will not havo two hundrod pounds on hor marriage Hickoy is a decent follow, but ho bus six children, and ho cannot do much for ano Lucy Ko¿ga ia the girl who has tho thousand pounds, mid yet I could not got you to any a single word to her ' And old Bodger took a vory small Into at the kidney, and a very largo bito at the brandy and soda concoction. Young Bodgor wore all the appearance of the ghost of Ina grandfather slightly galvamsod 'Luoy Kegga' why bIio wouldn't moko a decent cbimnoy-pioco ornament '' 'She would make a vory doocnt wifo, and u vary uisful one, considering our circumstances. Her aunt left her the monoy becuuso sho is an orphan and without moans You cun marry Amelia Hickey if you hko, and starvo Wo aro m for it anyhow.' ' In for what ?' 'Why, a breaoh of promiao action. You cannot marry the ludy to whom jou wore so devotod jostorday. And you don't expect that Hickey will allow you to mako a fool of his daughter ?' Young Bodger indulged in an unpleasant vision of his appearance in tho Supro- no Court, and m a still moro unpleasant vision of Tom Hiokoy'a boot too und stockwhip-for bo it known that the hopo of the Hickoy family was at least throe stone hcavior than tho hen of the Bodgcrs 'If I could swallow Lucy Keggs, I think I could manage it,' said Braham, after long deliberation. ' All you havo to do is to marry hor, and then wo aro right ' Mr, Elijah flnishod Ina corpse reviver, and departed to view a cor pao that was novor destined to bo rovived-the flickering remains of his expiring business. Young Bodger lost no time in conveying in the moat privato manner a noto into the hands of Lucy Keggs. He could not, ho aaid, livo without hor. Ho was porialung for the want of ber society. Lifo would be a blank without tho ploineat pieco of goods that cvor adorned tho hoad of a man'a table. Luoy Kogga was a well conducted girl, but shohadnever lind a lover before and never oxpoctod to havo one This lottor put her into a tremendous flutter of Beeret excitement. Sho consented to meet Braham amid tho Bilont nightly recesses of South Bris- bane They mot sevoral times, Braham swore all manner of undiluted hypocrisy, and aho responded with every BpecieB of miBguided con- fidence. ' But what about Amelia ?' said Lucy one evening. ' Oh ' that waa only a ChriBtmoB Dov flirta- tion.' ' I am afraid she thinks it's a groat deal moro.' And somebody elso thought so too, fir the very next day Bodger received a visit from Tom Hickey. The aspect of this young gentleman wat by no means reassuring. . What aro you up to ?' .Up to?' roplied Bodgor in a vague way, seeking to gain time. ' Yea-up to. My sitter baa a ring upon har finger, and abo aaya that you put it on. Putting it roughly, my own private opinion is that abo had botter hovo had a ropo round hor nock j but I can't atand by and seo her made a fool of, all the pame. You nover como noar her. You show her no attention. That doesn't look liko honest busincis.' ' Tho fact i« this, my door Tom : my father'« affairs aro not in a vory satisfactory atato just at proBont, and I was rather dolioato about pressing Amelia under the circumstances.' .Thoro'a something in that. You can1 cry off if you liko, only doit at once. But, if there is any reel attachment between you and my sister, I don't «oo why you should. Wo're not tho family to look down upon a fellow bocaU'o his monoy affaira aro not going all right.' But young Bodgor thought thoro waa occa- sion to cry off, and did do so accordingly. For the noxt week or so the solemn darkness of South Briabano resounded with exclamation« of passionato dovotion, and with subdued cries of ' Law !' ' Don't !' and ' Behove yourself!' na Mr. Braham Bodgor at- tempted to imprint upon tho faco of ugliness and a thousand pounds substantial assurances of bia aolicitudo, Sho conaontod to be his, but could not understand tho rousons for seoreoy. She was pleased enough to get a hus- band ¡ but, liko tho majority of young Indies wintod it to bo 'a equaro and ubovo- bourd buainoss.' Bruhnm at length convinced her on thia point. Accordingly one fine morning thoy wero married in tho houso of Mr. Bodgor senior. Tho old man oxprosiod n strong wish that tho »flair had been moro public. Circumstancos would not permit of it. But ho blessed tho pair with eo much unction that Lucy felt as if sho had boen marri od in the presence of a con- siderable number of reverential archangels. Sho wa« very happy, and fully resolved to do her duty as u wifo. Young Bodger felt as if ho lind boon swallowing a powerful dose of caitor-oi!. Chapteb 1Y. 'But how about the cash?' said Bruhnm. ' Oh,' Baili Elijah, ' it's hors all ri¿ht enough. Wo'll ask about it to- morrow. It doom't look decent to ruell tho mattor.' Luoy ikippod out of hor father-in-law'a house nto tho January sunlight in a vory delightful ramo of mind. Th first objects sho sot hor oyea upon wero Tom Hukny and his fulhor, who had como to look after hor, ' Tina is a groat game I' said Tom, half-split- ting with laughter. .Tip-top!' said tho fathor. ' Luoy danced up to thom, and allowed her marriago ring with much pride. Sim m ml o her oxousos for marrying privately. Her husband aud his fathor had insisted upon it. 'No upologioB uro needed,' aaid tho fathor with u grim grin, 'It wouldn't do to disap- point thom. Havo you got your marriage cor tifloatoP' ' Yob, it is in my pocket.' Tom Hickoy had all this timo hoon loaning against a post with half of bia handkerchief stuffed into his mouth. At last ho found an opportunity to oxclnim ' Whoro's tho bridogroom ?' .Thoro ho is ;' and bIio pointed to a young gonllomnn with tho potiifiod air ot a mastodon, standing co tho stops loudirjg lo hil fathor's house. .Hullo! Bodgor, como »long! ïou didn't troat my sister vory woll, but you Imvfl do*10 tno right thing with Lucy and no mistake \Vo must shout a bottle of fizz over this businosB.' And ho led tho way lo a leading Brisbai'o hotol. Bodgor followed in a fluctuating mood and a doubtful spirit. ' Hero's long lifo and happiness,' oriod young Hiokoy, wiping the tear« away from his eyes. 'Lot mo congratulate you upon tho possession of a good girl liku Lucy.' ' Woll,' said Braham, who by this timo lind got a misgiving, 'I hopo there will bo no diffi- culty about the cash.' ' Not tho elightoat,' said young Hickoy with another lough. 'If you want livo paunda togo on with you can always havo it.' 'Fivo pounds! What hua hocomo of Luoy's thousand ?' ' She novor had a silver si tponco in tho wholo CDiirso of her oxistonco. Tho thousand pounds was loft to Amolia, and I'm jolly glad it is not likoly to full into your hands. She is going to mnrrv Hurry Maitland, and I durosuy this money will bo used for good purposes. Maka tho beat of your bargain.' And with tlioso worda Tom Hickey finished his champagne and loft tho room, followed by bia father. Bodgor romaiiied glaring ut hie brido in much the spirit in which Michael Angolo would havo contemplated a village signboard, and feeling ubout as comfortable as a crocodile on an Arctic glacier. 1 Thon your aunt did hot leave you any monoy atoll?' ',N-no,' ropliod the poor girl. ' Who said aho did ?' ' Thut (unmentionablo) old aas said abo did,' thought Bodgor; but ho did not lut tho cat out of tho bag. 'I waB informed that you had a thousand pound«.' 'Oh! dear, no. I nover knew you thought about such a thing. You told mo you loved mo. What could Ido but behove you? Nobody olso cvor said so. If you will love mo a little I will make you a good wife.' What could Bodger eay to this? Ho did not attempt to say anything. Ho bad boon a fool, but ossentially ono of his own making. Tbo article was strictly of home manufacture. She kept her word, und mude a good wife. During tho vicissitudes of recant years Bho has kopt Bruhnm Bodgor's fortunes from utter ruin, and developed to tho full whatever of good thors wus in tho composition of a young gentle mon who, without -this vvifoly development, would probably novor havo diaplayod any good whatever. In time he learned to overlook hor uglineas and to forgot her thousand pounds. This is another demonstration of tbo eternal truth that, though beauty dies early and cash disappears mysteriously, virtue enduroa for ever. Amolia married Harry Maitland, She nover regretted this atop. Blogg mado thrco separate attempts at a proposal, but nover got much further than ' Oh thou!' Whon Amolia married he went into Woogaroo for a abort period of enforced retire- ment. His beat friends said he waB much wiser inside than outside. Not a spark of poetic fervor, of pootio temperament, or of poetio eoul remained with him in that establishment. Ho began his careor there in the sensible occu- pation of turning a mangle, and he ended his career in turning a lathe. When he ame ou ho married a widow whose husband had been accommodating enough to loave her in posies* sion of youth, good looks, and n publichouae. Blogg looked after bia bar hko a hero, and was nover known to say 'Caitiff!' or 'I'll unma:k ye I' to any cuatomer. So ended young Bodger'« Christmas of 1877. Ho had put himself between two stools, and had fallon. Groat was the fall thoreof. The credi- tors of Mr, Elijah Bodger, not finding tho ' ready ' coming forth, woro vory ready in forth- coming. Ho became bankrupt, and hi« test in the Assembly know him no more. Ho tried on various occasions to get in again,'but never succeeded, A committee of leading local poli- ticians onco mot him. They admitted that be retained his qualifie ition of being a little addicted lo liquor, and had rather improved upon it. His bankruptcies were also dwelt upon with much feeling, amounting at time« to profound emotion ; but ha was deemod to be no) longer an ardent patriot. What had he done for tho constituency ho last represented? He had only scoured thirty-firo pounds for a public piggery. Wos that ardont patriotism ? Waa it patriotism of any kind ? The committee un hesitatingly decided that it waa not ; and Bodger senior rcniuined »lone with hi« liquor and his cloren penco halfpouny in the pound. Tho question of whothor houesty ia the best policy bas boon disputed by various casuist«. I have neither time nor spaco to enter into their arguments. Sufllco it to record that ono branch of the mniim hua novor boon disputed- honesty ia the best policy in lovo, It is inferred from the heroism with which Spartan women used to oiicourage their husbands to go forth to battlo that they looked well ia bl ick. " At what «go wero you married ?" asked abo inquisitively. But. tho other lady waa equal to tho emergency, and quickly responded, "At; the parsonngo." TiiKimaro 1585 of tho troops recently sent to Ziilulaml under 21 years of ago, and 905 men who had not completed a year's service, Too much gristle and too littlo beard. A lML'KK recently published the following item :-" A deaf mau named Taff was run down by a passenger train and killed on Wednesday morning. Ho was injured iu a similar way about a year ago." SiMi'ATinmc Youno Thing : "Nothingia the paper but stupid strikes and bunk failures, and depression of trade, aud prevailing distress. Why don't they-put in somotliiug of some iutereat to somebody Ax American paper, in describing tho effects of « squall tipou a canal boat, said, " When the galo was nt ita highest the unfortunate craft heeled to tho larboard, mid tho captain and another cask of whisky rolled overboard." When Al. do Lesaops waa getting up tho Suea Canal, nu old Frenchman came to his offtco in Paris and aaid, " I want to subscribo for your railway iu tho desert." "But," was tho reply, " it is not ii railway, it ia a canal acroas tho Isthmus of Such !" " I don't cure what it ia ; I subset ibp to it because it annoys England." u. PitHAUi.T dined ouo day with a miserable painter, who gavo him to eat a soft- boiled egg and a littlo vinaigrette, washed down with some Suiesnesof a bad year. "Wo will repeat this little debauch," said bia host, folding up his nap- kin, "whenever you liko." " All right," said Picault, glaring ut his entertainer with hungry oyos, "suppose we ropoat it right now?" An old miser's wifo, who is almost nt tho point of dealli, is awakened ouo day in hor husband's absoncu by a violent ringing at tho door. Sho arlscB with difficulty, and lots in a dyer's boy, who presents a bill, "How is this?" feobly aska tho woman. " A bill for 50 franca for dyeing clothoB? What lins my husbaud boon doing ?" " IIü'b boon getting all his coats dyed black." Tun Ri'ASOJr Why,-As a rule, plain girls find husband« moro spoedily than beautiful girls do. Tliia is becauso tho beauty expects every man to be al her feet, whoiens tho plain gill goes out of hor way to flatter. Now, men aro far mac vain than women ; and, if a girl can persuado a man that she thinks him superior to tho rest of his sex, in nine cases out of ton ho is caught.-Truth. Cunio"8 PllKSliNTAWON TO LONGFELLOW. The peet Longfellow baa boon proou'.".'1 ,vlth a curious pen by au admirer. The pon itself is made from the iron foltors of the famous prisoner of Chillon, Bouiv.ird, and is placod in a massive gold socket, set with three of the wrest gems known to the mineralogist-tho whito pheuakits of Siberia, the yellow zircon of Ceylon, and the I ed tourmaline of Maiuo. Tho holder is a piece of livooak from the old frigate Constitution. Soitii of our readers aro awaro that a case has beun for years exercising a presbytery in Scotland, iu which a nurseryman, an elder of u pariah Kirk, was indicted for lighting his hot-house fire every Sunday. This action of the presbytery is how- ever entirely thrown in tho shade by George Wilson, a' farmer near Dundoo, also an elder of the Scotch Kirk, who carries his Sabbatarian principles to such a pitch that he regulurly separates his cocks from his hcus evory Sunday. A VOUNG officer, present at an Irish breakfast party, thought hu would fence with a lady noted for hor wit. "Miss P-," said he, "I'm told you're tho most kuriied lady iu Kildare. You know everything, so there's no puzzling you. Can you,"-poising his spoon over tho top of bia unbroken egg-"eau you inform me why this duck egg is blue?" "Well," replied she, "I don't know ; but perhaps you would look blue yourself if you woro just about to bo knocked on tho hoad." Kntomolooic u, Sociktv ok London.- We (Times) are asked by tho president and secretaries of tliia society to publish tho following announce- ment :-" The council of the abovo society ia authorised by Lord Wulsiugham and other gentlemen iutore^ted in the diseases of our native game birds to oller to public competition the following prizes :-£50 for tho best and most complote life history of Sclerostoma syngamus, Dios., supposed to produce tho so-called ' capes' in poultry, game, und other birds ; £50 for the best mid most complete life history of Strongilus ¡.crgracilis, Cob., supposed to cause the grouse disenso. Ño life history will be couaiderod satis- factory unless the different stages of development are observed and recorded. The competition U open to naturalists of all nationalities. The samo observer may compet» for both prizes. Essays in English, French, or German to be sent in on or beforo October 15, 18S2, addressed to the secretary of the society, 11 ChaudoB- street, Cavondish-square, W.- John LuiinocK, pre- sident ; Rai-hael Meloola, William L, Distant, bon,sees." Aïqiîan Justicu.-This is an instanca of the summary manner iu which justice has been ad miuiatered, or vengeance repaid, in Afghanistan. Tho story is told by a correspondent of the Allakabad Pioneer-.-A soldier in the Ameer's artillery had a quarrel with one of his comrades, and in the heat of passion drew his knife and Btabbed the man fatally. The murderer waa seized and taken before the Ameer, and the widow and brother of the murdered man attended to demand justice According to law and custom the murdorer was delivered over to the " revengers of blood," who dragged him down to the placo of public execution outside the western gate of the Bala Hissar, followed by a seething mob of spectators. Arrived at the gallows, the brother of the dead man drew out [his long] Afghan knife, and the criminal scorned to be within a moment of his end when the colonel of the battery stepped forward, and, after much persuasion, induced the prose- cutors to accept as blood-money one thousand rupees and a young woman. The man thus es- caped from the edge of the grave. But it is not often that the revengeful Afghan will forego the blood of his enemy. Little more than a month ago a barbarous execution took place. A young man, whom I knew well-a son of one of the Besud Sirdars at Jellalabad-had been concerned in a murder which took place near Jellalabad shortly after the departure of the British troops. He was arrested and sent up to Cabul. The Ameer delivered him over to the relations of the murdered man, who speedily took him outside the city gate and cut him to pieces. The Mahomedan law of kisas or retaliation is almost the same as the Jewish law as laid down in the Pentateuch-"«u aye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." 