Roman Catholic Pastoral. The following is the second Pastoral Letter, addressed to the clergy and laity of the Roman Catholic Church in the arohdiccese of Sydney: — ' Roger Bede, by the grace of God and the favour of the Apos'toh'c See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan, to the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and the Faithful of the said Archdiocese. ' Health and benediction in the Lord. ' Reverend and dear brethren, and dear children in Jesus Christ, — ' Though the Catholic Church is by far the most formid able opponent of the great apostasy, still she is not its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if they possess any sound heart of Christianity, are compelled, in self-preservation, to set themself against it ; nor does it follow, from their being at one in this, that they arc mutual friends : because two men, for their own private reasons, hate a third man, that does not even tend to prove that they love each other. Those who profess the Catholic faith and those who pro test against that faith can, for causes known to themselves, and those causes may bo radically different, strike out against one and the same antagonist. Thus, the Catholic Church and the English nation, whilst conflicting with each other, are compelled, by force of principle, to resist the. advances of the great apostasy. ' The English nation, though it be not Catholic, is still in many ways profoundly Christian. For wellnigh 1000 years England lay steeped, as in a bath of supernatural light, in the strong Christianity of the Catholic Church ; and the benign influence of the Anglo-Saxon monarchy, of that most touching period of England's history, still exerts a certain sway over the people'6 conscience. It took possession of and moulded the national sentiment ; and at the date of King St. Edward's death, those laws, customs, and traditions which still give evi dence of their influence had stamped an especial character on the national heart. The five centuries of Norman-English rule consolidated and deepened the work of the previous period ; and the Catholic Church expanded in power as she did in organization, and became part and parcel, not only of the law, but of the blood and heart of England. Her venerable sees, her renowned universities, her great monastic orders, her schools and munificent charities, her large prerogatives in the temporal order, her glorious past, written in many an illuminated page, her saints and martyrs, her kings and queens, wearing the aureola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on the popular imagination — how could England, living for wellnigh 1000 years in such a thrall as this, help being perma nently affected in her national character ? Do wn to the 16th century we may fairly say that the laud had been living the life of the Catholic Church, as it has formed some of the most beautiful pages of her history. Since that date, whilst the Church's authority has been .rejected, many of her broad fundamental teachings have remained. ' Look at tbe England of to-day, and say whether or no you do not perceive in some of the main outlines of her charac ter deep, indelible tokens of past influences P 'What do we see 'i First, a national Church, with the old cathedrals and old sees, and the village churches, all pro claiming their origin in every stone of them ; a hierarchy of archbishops and bishops, with the prayer-book and the ritual bieathing, if tliey breathe any breath at all, a breath redclent of ancient days; then there are the old uni versities of Oxford and Cambridge, seed-plots of great n;en in eveiy walk of life, and pregnant, in form and temper, with a spirit which took hundreds of years to bring to anything like perfection. The surface of things is changed, but in the depths, sleeping, but not dead, the old spirit watches and protects the Christianity of England. There is much of the antique spirit in the high nobility — the honour, self-respect, truthfulness, honesty, and generosity of a chivalrous age. The people arc, as a body, charitable, earnest, religious, and unconquerable in their perseverance. They love order and law ; they are honourable in their commercial transactions ; they are the most domestic people in the world, and possess many beautiful natural virtues, which are elevated and refinetl through those traditionary principles which, as a salt, keep the nation sound at heart, and help to maintain it vigorously Christian. Added to these virtues, there is their deep love and reverence for the Wirdof God. By its means the idea of the supernatural is kept from dying out, and the thought of the Almighty, His Providence) Christ's Atonement, His mercy, love, and grace become a precious heritage amongst the people. There the great moral virtues are found illustrated and enforced; and so deeply is the Bible treasured that it is looked upon by the masses as being as essential an element in the nation's greatness as the majesty of the throne itself to its stability. 'Thus, the English people are profoundly impressed with the conviction that the nation's greatness ana prestige spring from this principle of Christianity; that its soundness of heart, its enterprise and its successes on a large scale, are due in the ultimate analyis to the fact that the broad foundations of the Empire are set in the maxims of the Gospel, and the principles dictated by the Inspired 'Word. Almost as a consequence of this, the two leading traits of the national character are honesty and thorough ness ; and what Englishmen prize most for themselves and others is civil and religious liberty. ' Look at the condition of England at the present hour. Unity of Faith is gone. Its place is taken by 150 different sects. The nation must accept this state of things. Is it according to the national spirit to invent a sohc-aie for fusing all these religions into one ? Such an idea is abhorrent from the national feeling. It has nothing about it cither of honesty or thoroughness ; it is more in con formity with a masked infidelity, and with a spirit of trifling with Divine things, and with God himself, from which an earnest religious mind spontaneously recoils. Englishmen being thorough themselves like others to b« thorough also. They inSnitely prefer an outspoken, fear less enemy to one who cringes. Though they may detest a man's creed or method, they still more detest, they loathe cowardice in liim who has not courage to express or to maintain what in his heart he thinks to be the truth. Take the case of English Catholics in English socicty at home. In thorough English Protestant Society the way to gain influence and respect is to be thorough also. Cardinal ManniEg, having moved in both societies — in Catholic and Protestant — is able to give incontestable evidence upon this point. He, an Englishman, for half of his life an Anglican, thoroughly conversant with English ways and views, in his ' Miscellanies '* writes as follows : ' English society, with all its vices,' he says, ' does after all represent the English character. There is something downright manly and decided in it ; and it respects the same, that is, its own, qualities in others as much as it despises and ridi cules a'l servile or petty eagerness to court its favour. Downright masculine and decided Catholics— more Roman than Rome, more ultramontane than the Pope himself — may enter English society and be treated with goodwill and respect everywhere, if only they will hold their own with self-respect and a delicate consideration of what is due to ?thers. It is this very boldness which inspires both respect and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity, and sincerity is respected by everybody worthy of the name of English man. No greater blunder could be committed than to try to propitiate Englishmen or English society by a tame, diluted, timid, or worldly Catholicism.' ' Now how does all this bear upon Catholic education ? It bears upon it in the directest manner. For, if English men love nothing better than honesty and thoroughness, even in the holding of a creed which they think a grand mistake, they will be consistent, and will love honesty and thoroughness in education. They will hold that, if there must be diversity of creed, at all events there should be thoroughness and honesty in the holding to that diversity. The national honesty and thoroughness with them is a potent element in national strength. If a mail be true to his God, there is a chance of his being true to his country. But he who would barter away his religion, or treat it lightly, would turn out a poor creature in the day of a nation's trial. Hence, though he condemns Catholicity, an Englishman has no faith in a lukewarm Catholic, any more than he has in a timid soldier. He says, in effect, 4 Let the nation be brought up honest and thorough, and then we stand a chance of holding our own, and maintaining the prestige of the Empire. Let the young, who will take our places when we are gone, be drilled into this great idea. Let all, of whatever creed, have equal chance in the race, and, whilst each is earnestly and thoroughly trained in his own religion, let all be equally assisted in the fitting of the mind for life's battle when it comes.' 'What is the consequence of this master-principle which energises so strongly in a nation's life 'i It is this : that even th&t; crecd which the nation has rejected for 300 years receives equal treatment with the established creed in the scheme of national education for the people. England knows well that a bad Catholic is a danger to the State, whilst a thoroughly good one helps towards the national glory. There are no pampered ' Public schools,' set up for the benefit of a fraction of the people. Catholic schools and Protestant are on an equal footing with 1 Public schools ' in Great Britain. All are treated exactly alike on the prin ciple of payment by results. Take the report of Catholic schools in England, Wales, and Scotland for the year that hts passed. 'In the year ending 31st August, 1878, there were actually inspected in England and Wales 693 Catholic institutions, containing in them 1172 departments, in which separate teachers are employed — that is 215 of boys, 191 of girls, 306 of infants, 460 mixed. There was an average attendance in these schools of 126,305, comprising 63,255 boys, 63,050 girls, divided as to the teaching into 27,427 boys, or mixed, under masters; 63,422 girls, or mixed, under mistresses; and 35,456 infants under mistresses. The total of children on the school register, 191,311 ; the number attending half-time, 15,101. ' The net amount jjaid to the schools out of Parliament ary grant was £95,706 6s. 6d., giving a rate of grant for each scholar in average attendance of 15s. lfd. The grant during the same time to the Church of England schools was loe. OJd.; to Wesleyan schools, 15s. 7fd. ; to British schools, 15s. 6|d. ; to Schoolboard schools, 15s. Id. a scholar. 'The claim of Catholic schools on the Parliamentary giant fell under seven heads : the first for average attend ance, under which £37,901 12s. 6d. was claimed : the second for the attendance of infants, amounting to £15,716 8s. 6d. ; the third is for examination in standards, amounting to £28,915 12s. 6d. ; the fourth for examination in classes, amounting to £12,355 7s. 7d. ; the fifth for examination in special subjects, amounting to £178 18s. ; the sixth comprised special grants to small schools, and amounted to £'23 6s. 8d. ; the seventh was the grant to pupil-teachers of 60s. to those who obtained the mark of Well, and of 40s. to those who obtained the mark of Fairly. ' The Government grants to Catholic training colleges for the year ending 31st December, 1878, were as follows: — j To St. Mary's, Hammersmith, £1738 I2s. 6d., together 1 with £26 10s. j received from Science and Art Department, total £1765 2s. 6d., the students in residence being 39 ; t® the Training College of Notre Dame, Mount Pleasant, Liverpool, £2913, together with £52 from the Art Grant ; total £2965, the students in residence being 114; to the Training College of the Sacred Heart, Wandsworth, £1657 17s. 10d., the students in residence being 50. 'Catholic night schools received a grant for the year ending 31st August, 1878, of £1643 Is. 6d., being a rate per scholar in average attendance of 8s. 6jd. ' The whole grant for Catholic schools in England and i Wales in the year ending 31st December, 1878, was £109,495 Ss. 9d. ' The giant to Catholic schools in Scotland for the same period was £19,370 8s. 7d. The rate of grant for Scotland per scholar in average attendance was, in Catholic schools, 14s. 6|d. : in Church of Scotland schools, 16s. ll|d. ; in Fiee Church schools, 16s. 5d. : in Episcopal Church schools, 14s. 7ijd. ; in Public schools, 16s. 10|d. ' If wc add together the whole grant to Catholic ele mentary schools and training colleges in England and Wales, 'which amounts te £109,495 9s. 9d., and that to schools in Scotland, which amounts to £19,370 8s. 7d., we obtain a collective grant for Great Britain, in the year 1878, of £158,865 18s. 4d. ' Was it out of love or tenderness to Catholicity, as such, that the great statesmen of England framed. 6uch a system as this ? and was it because they loved the' Pope that the English people accepted it? All who have any knowledge of the national spirit are well aware that, had there not been ?some profound reason connccted with the national prosperity, the Catholic Church would have been ill-used m England, or a system would have been set on fcot to weaken the blood in Catholic veins, and melt the vigour of Catholic life out of the people. The cieeds would have had to send their children to schools without religion, or so arranged that no decent man, with self- respect, could teach religion in them. The creed- schools would be treated with disfavour by the Government or their oflicials ; the State schools would* be as palaces through the laud, with the best masters and appointments; whilst those schools where the love and fear of God, and the great directive principles of religion, were hour by hour insisted on. would, on the principle of the decay of the weakest, dwindle gradually away, as a nation would be reared up with less and less religion, and more and more of that pagan spirit which is, if history ever taught a lesson, the sure presage of moral effeminacy and national decay. Far seeing English statesmen, possessing tbe characteristic of the race, resisted this spirit of national apostasy, and re specting, as gentlemen do, the conscientious convictions of the humblest , gave fair play to all, and conciliated the love and affection of England's Catholic subjects. Thus the nation will continue to hold her own ia the broad contests of international life ; her nerve and sinew will be tough, her heart sound; and the principles of her imperial sway will still be founded in the depth of a Christian spirit. She, on broad, wide-reaching principles of statesmanship, maintains a system of education based on a principle that woulg satisfy the requirements of the Catholic Church. Ia re sisting 4 Secularist Education,' we are, in reality, resistind a principle of national overthrow ; and by maintainiug our lights as Catholics we are doing untold service to the Sti;te. Here, interests are identical. Here, whilst we are holding, or struggling, for our own, we are laying lines of future prosperity. Wc are the true friends of the people and of the country-, for wc found our own honour and great ness on our conscientious convictions regarding morality and fuith ; and let us do all that in us lies to make known to others, who know them not, these great principles of religious liberty, religious thoroughness, and religious honesty, on which imperial England's greatness mainly r- fits. 'Dcaily beloved, let us continue to press our claim to equality. Wc cannot, in conscience, send our childrea 1 1 Vol. I., p. 65-6. to ' Public schools.' We are bound in duty to bring them up thorough Catholics, not thorough Protestants, however exemplary Protestants may be. This is no cry started for a purpose. The whole Catholic world knows*, and all in telligent Protestants know, that Catholics who have any thoroughness in them cannot bring themselves to jeopardize the future Catholicity of their children by sending mem to Public schools. The Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Moorhouse, a prelate of thorough English mind, recog nizes the full force of the Church's teaching on this sub ject. He says : ' The Roman Catholics are asking from us nothing more than what the freest Governments in the world have granted to them. In Prussia, in Baden, in our own colony 9f Canada, and wherever Roman Catholics and Protestants are largely intermingled in the population, the Government has recognized that the peculiar opinions of Roman Catholics have made separate schools for them necessary. The concession of such schools is inevitable. If not granted by our sense of justice, it will sooner or later be wrung from our political necessities.' + 'Dearly beloved, we have the strongest faith in the sense of fair play in the minds of our fellow-colonists. We are convinced that, when they really grasp our case, they will be ready to give us all we ask. We merely beseech those concerned so to arrange that a large section of the community, the Roman Catholics, some say one third of the population, may give their children a thorough, honest Catholic education, and receive for secular instruc tion, tested by Government inspectors, equal assistance with those who are satisfied with Public schools. ' ' Therefore, my beloved brethren, be steadfast and immovable : always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that your labour is not vain in the Lord.' J 'For the rest, brethren, rejoice, be perfect, take exhortation, be of one mind, have peace ; and the God of peace and of love shall be with you. . . . The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.'|| ' Given at Sydney, and appointed to be read in all churches and chapels of the archdiocese of Sydney, on Sunday, August 24, 1S79. ' f Roger Bede, ' Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan.' \+ See Melbourne Arfftis, October 8, 1878. $ I. Cor. cliap xv., 58. || 11. Cor., chap, xiii., 11, 13. 