THE MISSING SOVEREIGNS. Br N. WAITBE SWAN. CHAPTES II. AFTEE FIVE MONTHS. The lights were one evening striking stars from the crystal on the dinner- table, and staining the damask with the spots of rich colour yielded by the wines, when Mr. Coch rane related, much to the amusement of those present, how Barterly, the miser down below, who would not trust a bank or accept of paper money, had paid him 200 sovereigns for a piece of land that day. Pretty faces present wondered and laughed. Hoards, strong boxes, stooping figures, claw fingers, and skull-caps became the topic, greatly to the delight of one or two who were possessed of histrionic ability, and thereupon impro vised a charade which was received with great 6clat. That night Mrs. Cochrane got out of bed to close the door of the room, which had not been fastened, and that night Billy Traynor.the half-caste,saw the ghost of Frank Lee (whose body was found drowned in the waterhole below the hut) enter the garden summerhouse-a resort to which it was well known the shade was greatly addicted at untimeous hours. Next morning Mr. Cochrane opened the I door of Mr. Urquhart's bedroom, and looked j in upon that gentleman, who was peacefully | sleeping. Having awakened him, he invited { the secretary to a walk and a consultation. " The foot is, Urquhart," said he, " my bedroom has been entered and robbed last night. You know the little box with the steel bands. I put the 200 sovereigns for which you gave a receipt yesterday into it, and placed it on the table; both were gone when I awoke. The window was slightly open, and I found below the balcony tracks in the garden beds; but come with me." " Tracks ? Good," repeated the secretary^ " let ua go at once; this will suit me." He , paused; a moment, trying to overcome his incredulity. " The sovereigns taken and the bojc in which they were. Good heavens! But come, there's no time for talking." The Examination of the bedroom showed little farther than related. The quick eyes of Mr. Ur^uhaxt noticed one of the small tassels of those that fringed the bottom of the green windowrblind to be misBing, and he also pointed] oat that the cord which had sus tained if waa dragged and ravelled. From the ' railing of the balcony there was a rope hang ing to within about eight feet from the ground. It belonged to the drafting yard, and was knotted; at intervals. Immediately below were the deep indents of two feet, and from thence were similar tracks leading in the direction of the men's hut. Rain having fallen during the night, they were not very difficult {to follow, end if they had been of the very faintest Urquhart seemed to show the sagacity)of a bloodhound or a red Indian. ymsy led paata flowering currant tree, beside a jpupchjof gladiolus, straight over some holly hocks, Pfftly on the boxwood border, andpartly on the navel, through a planting of young shjcubs, and over the fence, to the-top rail of which (tqe clay of the robber's boots adhered. Tracks again on the other side, still straight tio vr£rds ttye men'e hut Half way through the , paddock* ip. the game direction, lay the steel paxutyl box,, broken, with, as Mr. Urquhart pointed nut, ftgroen tnssel catiplit between the pud of one of the bandH and tlie wood. The discovery unmistakably relieved Mr. Coch rane, who enid, " I thought it could not be tmv of m»/ men, else the box would not have been disposed of here. The direction is taken plainly to t;el the men suspected. Look you, Hubert, the most recent comer in that hut hug been in my service eight years. They are part of my fumily, these men of mine." " i am certain,"answered Urquhart,quickly, " none of your men are guilty. They are de voted to you, one and all. Whoever it may be. none of your hands had a share in this." The speaker became so warm and enthu siastic in defence of the men that the idea of their guilt was denounced then and there. Sir. Urquhart, however, with the acumen he had diHphiyed throughout, took the pre caution of at once removing the rope pendant from the balcony and inverting an empty box above the sharply defined tracks below it, as though he were guarding some tender plant. "When asked a few days afterwards, Mr. Cochrane definitely refused to call in the aid of the police. And Urquhart, hearing the answer, declared, with his thin lips tight, that the end of the year would find him as eager to truck the robber as he was that day. He, Urquhart, considered it was a slur on his intelligence that a clumsy ruffian could enter the house, leave a track behind hiin that was, by heavens! as broad and plain as a highway, fling down the pillaged box in sight of the house, and slink away with the money. Mr. Cochrane might overlook it, but it was not his (Urquhart's) way. " It is not the value of the money, mind you, sir ; you can afford to overlook that, but 1 can not afford that in an affair of this kind I should be beaten. Please to consider, Coch rane, that this affair is now mine. I'd give £5 this minute for the faintest clue, give me but that, and I'll track the burglar to Melbourne. Melbourne, did I say ? He is not in Melbourne. This is the doing of a clumsy country thief. Neither money nor man is far off, depend upon it. Tut! I am talking about wanting a clue, and there are the tracks to start with. You draft in a few days, you say ?" Mr. Cochrane was not listening to his en thusiastic friend. He was gazing anxiously up at the window of the room whence the box was taken. The blinds were down. Mr. Urquhart repeated " You will be drafting soon, I believe?" " Eh! Yes." " You seem to take little interest in tbis matter, Cochrane?" " You are right. I am much more con cerned about your sister. She Beems to have been completely prostrated since the night of the robbery, ana I am about to change the sleeping-room. She must have suffered some kind of shock." " I have only seen Mrs. Cochrane a few times Bince then, and she treated me with but scant courtesy, although I am her brother." " You must allow for nervous irritation and depression. I shall want you to ride over for the doctor to-day." The doctor came, bringing his best profes sional skill and experience with him. He fingered the lady's wrist, looked sagaciously into her face, concluded that what was the matter with her was a violent nervous attack, recommended quiet, swallowed a glass of wine, and drove himself home in his buggy, leaving behind him a prescription. I A cloud of dust rose above the drafting | yards, and curtained in the rails and figures | of men and beasts. There was nothing to indicate the nature of the work going on, i except the cries of the drafters, and the bark ing of dogs, with, at intervals, the sudden ap pearance oi a scared " scrubber" that had jumped at the panels and rolled over to find hie legs again and trot down to the fiat and liberty, away from the hurly-burly. The hut was empty, even the cook was needed to assist. While the globe of dust domed the workers and the shouting below it, Mr. Urquhart quietly opened the hut door, stepped over the sun-clock threshold, and sat down in the seat where Biundell had helped him plehteously when he first came, worn by hunger and travel. The sun was getting low. i It had reached the 4 o'clock mark at the doorway and went on to chase the gloom I from the elegant figure and graceful bearing of Mr. Urquhart as he sat thinking. He was sitting opposite the cook's bed, with his eyes fixed on the back portion of a pair of laceups that were placed below it. He rose out of the sun and walked over to them, measured ! the length and breadth of the soles, examined i their mailing of nails, and heels, and tips I keenly, then left slowly for the house. When he came to where the box was found he stood again to another thought, which he shortly dismissed with his peculiar smile. It was with a sorrowful face and a rather solemn voice that Mr. Urquhart told Mr. Cochrane that evening he wished to see him in the study. They being seated, thus the gentlemen " Mr. Cochrane, I told you a few days since I only wanted the clue." " What clue ? Yes, I remember, the sove reigns." Precisely, sir; the clue of the thief of the 200 sovereigns." " Yes." "I am very sorry to have to inform you, Mr. Cochrane, that one of your men is the thief. Kindness and consideration do not always evoke gratitude, you know. The reason of my conviction is that the boots of your cook, Biundell, exactly correspond with the tracks below the balcony-that is, they fit those tracks perfectly." " How do you know this?" " I measured the boots to-day." " But the tracks are gone." "They are not, sir; the most distinct of them are preserved-those below where the rope hung." Listen, Robert Urquhart. James Biundell was brought to me 12 years ago almost dead from starvation and exposure; thanks 'to one of my Btockmen (since dead, he died in my em ployment), and the care he received here, he recovered. From that time to the present I have watched him, and I know how he has acted under all circumstances. There 1$ not a man I know I would so unreservedly trust aslJames Biundell. Except with these eyes I saw him emerge from the window car rying the box I should not believe. Why should 4 man-who by his tact, his' energy, and his economy haB earned for me the amount {stolen many times told- turn upon and rob jme thus f" It wai seldom Mr. Cochrane "becauie: ei cited. Jlis voi<Je was not only full and dis tinct, but it had an angry ring, and he ap peared ojnee or twice to nine his fingefc at hia secretary, and so to ptit his bands, jovv&rAS; him as though he was railing 1)ack the trouble to its source. ? It was noticeable alsb aAthis interview that Mr. {Jrauhart had tttbpped the easy familiarity of' voipe and beirfpfc .which characterised him at mtot times, was tbrqughout defe&ntial; and Bolemii, \ . " ''But. lsir, if wfearfe to find' the ,'TO»£,' the «videac« presented -ufc m&rt; fee wUow&U; i Now Blimaell's boots-" " "D-^+n hia booto," "With nil my hmt, Mr Onei.**., ^ onmrred to ,11C it wouK nP^' Rut It tiGflnfptv of vour lioiiof. n7.,i i "pessary f0P .«IU. «f Mm itaiSSffi' W«5 n«niii, S'iSssi fi'liwrf ,'El down forehead, siowly across hja . Btmid under hi, |,ed. hM%, broken, m the other three of thPVin ,ace >« Hie centre of the sole in the sbawe feUt in nre missing. nuape of a heart " I shall see Blmidell in the n,nr"i" earn the truth without eearchinc n ,fg,.aM like ftn amateur detective." c'u®8 Iiluudell was sweeping the Jmt <1 morning when Mr. Cochrane caUeV hurriedly, " I want you to come wSH? 8ai<i th;; Cb"ot8,11rFour b00^Sh 10 master, iifa voice an^witk a^nL'1,"18'1 J.h® told he felt very much ashamedrf h&Sf;* the pair with a broken lace in or^ i three nails out of the sole of the other » ® " but this* - °Ue Pair'" rei,lied cook, house,^nd^BIunddt taking'^up^e*? th® followed. Neither spoke tiff iwu h***i below the balcony beside the overturned^ Mr. Cochrane, slowly lifting it away 3d 1 ry the boots 111 these tracks ni.f !i TT., They fitted exactly. ' B,UIldelL" " What have you to say ?" " What have I to say about what* T " them boots made them tracks, if thW'l X you want to know, sir." 8 aU " What?" interrogated Mr. Cochrane wiffc more wonder m hia voice than hiLT?. showed in his face or manner. "Then T confess? -men you " Confess what, sir." '' 4f°rtl,"eht Wo I got 200 sovereigns from 0 d Barterly in payment for a piece ofWound? Next morning I found they were M/ill f!. my bedroom, with the boxthafidth^ the window was open : there was a k£t£i rope hanging from the balcony, and S tracks beneath them. The tracks across the garden in the direction of the men shut. l,U8 Blundell raised himself, and put his arms across his broad breast; his face was whit? and it had Bettled into hardness; the onlv ?V&!a°eof excitement lay in his eyes Mr. Cochrane, you had a part in savin* my life once. Did I work for you honSf Did I do for you what no other hand on the station would have done when wanted 9 Did 1 try to make money for you? Did I*trrto make you see that, whatever I might have fulT Did 1 Wa8' * waa n°t ungrateh did Cocl^rane looked up suddenly, "Yon " Did I ask you six months ago whether yon would help me on in the world if r married your laundress, Hannah Brown » and did you promise me a bit of land, and some thing to start me in life with t You did. Now, BIT, ' he said Bomewhat brokenly, for his whole figure had begun to tremble, "20 minutes ago you asked me to come to the garden. I now ask you to come to the hut" They walked over as silently and much more rapidly than when going to the garden. The cook invited his master in in gentleman like fashion, and pulled two corded boxes into the light. He tried to undo the knots, but his hand shook so that he turned for a knife, with a muttered curse, and severed the rope. Flinging the lid open, "Do you see these new clothes for my wedding day. These," holding up one article after another, axe not what 1 would be likely to pnrchase except I was going to settle in life. Look here, sir." From a corner of the box he took a piece of tissue paper, and opened it. There was in it a plain gold ring and a guard. He held them silently up in hia shaking palm, and tried to speak, but could not, as tears pattered down on the box lid. The man drew his arm roughly across hia eyes, and resumed. " I do not deny, what is the use of denying, that I am a convict. The evi dence of these boots and of them tracks over there is certain to put me on the roads. I'd rather it would hang me. What right hvi 1 for to look to be happy or comfort able in life ? Do me a favour, Mr. Cochrane. Keep it from Hannah. The police will find me here." He closed the box, and sat down on jt. " It comes veiy sudden, and me near a home at last." Then he jumped up and closed the door. Taming, he contemplated his master. The sudden change, the sudden and new expression, the rigid determination of the broken face, the hunger ot his eyes made him very formidable to look at, the more so, perhaps, because he spoke slowly and in a low tone. " If I ever find the man who played me this trick I'll kill him. That is enough, Mr. Cochrane, I sua ready. God bless you; ana you will send Hannah away till this has blown over ?" There was a long pause, during which the cook sat upon the box holding what were to have become his household gods. His head was bent almost to his knees, and hia knotted £tigers were over his face. " If y°® will acknowledge, sir, that I ever done you any bit of service, send her away, and that will repay me. Look, Mr. Cochrane, I nevec bentajraee to man afore-not to save me from tQe cat,; but here I'm bent to you for to ask you for to give Haiinah a home. Not that I ought to say it-she's true to-you like steel is. You'll find her a home, sir?" It was strange that at this eventful time Mr. CoGhrane's mind seemed to haw wan dered from the request of the cook. The in« , tense earnestness of the . hacked face, wear ing its scars of fight and lines of change», ght Uaye rivetea the attention of any man Mind, sir, I don't ask a favour for my Beif, Ii can go to gaol and end life \ begun it I only wish y onr;8tockman tiaa never found end that your wine and fooa bad newr passed my lips. This is the only favour jl auk, and I've deserved it of you. Maybe fought not to say it, evenfor the sane of another, 1 " ,. Mr. Cochrane in answer rose from hia seat, and wit i an expression almost as intense ss that of hiB servant spoke -but two worasi " Ask tte mistress what she thinks of it Shell r ot . believe that the man who savea her when the boat upset in the wfcterhoie would turn round ana tob her-for roopin you is «robbin' of her." ' ; . The e cpression of the masters face clearea to joyh Iness as be said familiai"ly< affectio! ately, ?' You're fight, Jim. 111 the misl ress, and if a -policeman comes near the nUuie let' him he careful.' There was another pause, during whioh the speaker" mindse >med to wander from the. soDjec®, the resu t again being the brief and elegan° pbtBBe (f two frtirdB as giren above. The B< lfishkess of men is lfce mortl Ijjraced : nmany .aphorisms, ffl£r bestow i afinite balm to thefemmme hew Ladies o iay turn and xend each other as tow often d< in a ladylike but very_ wmplew fawion rheu opporttmity offere,' to' toma the common ftBd holy ground uridine""i >b we ^ wit|, Covered feet, upon « r" niiinnce. Mr. Cochrane would 11,1(1 'V^rved to be exhibited ;na a pro bBve MS rif thid charttctemtio wlien he """rfonie Jmd lieaftT that Mrs, Coobmnfi fnnic Home < . . jmn |um in the fhrtm lie foffiOt tho troubles of the nna his suffering servant, in 2°0B?vSr n^ Yip felt at his wife's recovery ,!,',e i Uic selfife'i"688 here displayed was the Bll,c unv But when he saw his wifes ftnd her nervousness he was as h'cast down as if a relapBO instead of inU i«r*>nre had been announced. Mr. roi'vftlcHccnce JunKe8 ft(j gaiety ,n )118 irn°, fine faahion, but neither hia efforts elP, jK aerial lightness of Mr. Urquhart ? Cmolr could dispel the despondency that thfnk.'my dear," spoke the , I nnH in a desperate effort to interest the ?'Jour brother has found the thief of ^Sli^rS^her'eyes with a sort of fierce ma*® Mr.' Cochrane B°" Yes " he returned gravely, "the cook is i don't say / suspect him, Alice, i prnuse 1 do not; but the tracks below the balcony have been made by the cook a boots, and he says so." _ "Who says so; " The cook.' " , , , , The lady's face flushed, and her eyes were ^Of course he denies he wore them, Alice, bu,^ut the cook who saved my life, and saved your money heretofore, is the thief D0The ccntlemen were silent. Mr. Urquhart rourea out a glass of wine unsteadily, and S^nk it The silence increased when Mrs. Cochrane told the servant in waiting to leave ?hp room. Husband and brother telt they rniild no more break the embarrassment that was on them than if it had been a night* " ",e Both sat watching and waiting. I he colour had come to the lady's face, and her pves were fixed on the ex-o&cer; while she said, " So James Blundell ia the thief ? Mr. Urquhart leaned back with an air of sorrowful resignation. "You have both been hunting after clues and evidences of guilt, and Blundell is to be the scape-goat ?" .. , ... "He ifl to be no scape-goat, replied Mr. Cochrane, warmly.. "He eared your life, Alice, and if be stole twice the sum he shall leave this station provided for so that he may steal no more." . , . Mrs. Cochrane a eyea grew soft, and her voice deep and Bweet to hear. " My hus band I knew you would have said so before you spoke, but JameB Blundell is not the thief The colour on her face and the gleam in her eyes made her beautiful for the time. "Your man's wit is but a clumsy thing after alL I heard your conversation with the cook below the balcony when Bitting by the open window. He told you at once the tracks were made by his boots ; that I should regard as a proof of his inno cence. 1 It is a further proof of hia inno cence that the boots were found in the hut." While speaking now Mrs. Cochrane looked persistently away from her brother, who was listening attentively. " I could have told you who the thief was on the morning of the robbery. The thief is my brother, and your private secretary, Robert Urquhart, trow sitting beside you. He passed me on the staircase on the day when yon told our guests of the 200 sovereigns paid by Barterley, and he had the green tassel in his hand. I saw him enter our bedroom that night, and take the box. It was he who opened the window noiselessly, and passed out while you were sleeping. The moonlight showed me his figure, and his white face." The speaker pointed at her brother, but without looking in the direction of her finger. " I saw him step rapidly through the window on to the balcony. Slipping quietly from beside you I watched him after a time enter the summer-houso." Mr. Urquhart started ; still, without speak ing, he again filled his wineglass, on which jangled ; tremblingly the neck of the de canter. : . " Now, you have the secret of my illness; but only in part. I have secretly and with my own hands dug up the soft spot in the floor of the summerhouse, and the bag of 200 sovereigns is safe in my custody." The face of Mr. Urquhart was beaded with perspiration, and the silence fell again while the master of the house looked the more haggard of the party of three, while turning his face from sister to brother. " Mother," a term which Mr. Cochrane teed towards his wife only on rare occasions; it called up the remembrance of the children that were lost to them, of the links that were always between them, welded by the dearest m,08t eo^owful memories of their lives Mother, that money shall never be touched by me." . He got up solemnly, and locked the door, and when pale and calm, but manly and strong, he resumed his seat, it was sur prising to Bee how the fashionably and elegantly dressed man, with his aristocratic lace, had withered fend shrunk. I have locked the door, Robert Urquhart, because I dreaded the intrusion of the ser vants. If you had pointed out to me that' any. J>re®amg need for £200 you «!!S i k&d; the sum without question: 5!e y°n do, you must have to"0- If you had not need for it, and o »0IL are Inere'5r «? miserable thief, v,^A. tor,to y6ut class and birth. You . ^°. .eee an innocent man con VT ^ ^d his life blasted to suit yourself. . °?j.ave added one' more to the troubles stota* of roy vife and of your of ^ed .yon better thanaU others and hBai?,uliy' e he °^en told me this, an nf T, gu 0 , ?e *9 'watch your welfare lost ho mjght take the 'place pf our your trJatUneH? of eho^ing gratitude for the here, you have crushed her raercv W ob)ect ,°f life« 1 ^ave no my wtfl rave mercy to Show from 7<£V- went on speaking tirnn t eP^he of his deep cheat, the first fe foryeaw p, vo,,lnolhl"¥.i m had ' found ,her cent If ^oiteted, worn, bnd, innor Encl^ fm.1^ brought tig&wbt; him in,, teare of "lled with' wid t^riktitude1 felt tSn}mv' a year vuoukqi yojir {Wve^, amongst uis had be in connte±i0fc''Wtb' ^ow.PVW' ay wife iB^'Wble-wdinai,.. "wl^O PW tnf fortune to iife « . tte tooved hiiJg ?t the abjet^'fcJ^S^ijrAftfi; u n u- i » tion. TheiflWikI v/£iL <£.u ' iSTgy /e1 mspection.- .1J ^ yon are a poor thing, that 1 might purge the house of with a graap o£ my hands. Acoord* hig to ttiy folding of things, James Blundell is a gentleman, What yon are 1 do not know." Mrs. Cochrane had lcftned forward on the t&ble;, resting her face tfpoti Her arms, show ing to the lights the threads of silver iu her brown hair. " Mother-Alice," said her husband. Mrs. Cochrane did not move, and he came quickly to her, to find that his wife had. swooned. The strong man lifted her in his arms to carry her to ner room. Leaving the threshold thus, he said with quiet solemnity, " Wait till 1 return." Urquliart sat in the brightness, sur rounded by the elegant comforts of life, and lost in thought. When his brother-in-law returned, his eyes had caught a new expres sion. lie rose quietly, ana, with hia usual ease of manner, till Mr. Cochrane was seated, and said with a eolf-poaaession that was in itself brave, " Have you considered your sen tence V "There can be only one reply, to my thinking. I shall confer with my wife to morrow. Your room ia at your disposal. Till then you " "I beg of you to spare yourself any fur ther allusions to me. If it is quite the same to you I should prefer quitting the house to night. This will save me a further humilia tion, which would be worse than any punish ment that could be devised. Whatever failings the Urquharts may have they are not cowards." Mr. Cochrane, thinking of his wife, be came alarmed, and saia, " Sir, I claim mastership here under present circumstances. I will yet trust your word of honour if you will give it that you will remain in the house till we have further conversation to-mor row." A smile crept on Urquhart's face, "And you would trust my word of honour." " Oh, air, believe me it is not out of con sideration for you I ask your promise to remain here to-night. I am thinking of the peace of mind of Mrs. Cochrane. Will you give the promise?" " Whether I give it or no, the parting of to-morrow will be for ever; what dbes it signify?" To Mrs. Cochrane it signifies much, and therefore it signifies to me. " I confess the crime with which I am charged by my sister. There are episodes in my life that neither of you know, and, if knowing, you would not understand. I wish you to remember that I do not seek of yon the slightest mercy. If James Blundell were there -he pointed to the vacant chair opposite-" I would ask his forgiveness. Instead of asking yours I will submit to you while here some papers that may plead for a modification of th'e opinion you now enter tain concerning me, or, let us say, in ex tenuation"-this with a kind of pitiable mockery. "Have I your permission, Mr. Cochrane?" Mr. Cochrane wearily signified his assent, and Mr.Urqubart bowed ceremonious thanks. He searched the room with a blasted look in his face, and his eyes seemed to drink in all he had forfeited of the comfort and pride of life, all the possibilities that were shattered, and the prospects he had vjpntonly placed beyond his reach. It was a pale set face that disappeared behind the door. It was closed quietly, and the. sound of the man's foot steps moved steadily away. They never awakened an echo in the hall of Alexis-house again. There was a tarn beyond the house where always lie reflected the trees that fringe it. The waters are at all timeg dark and still, lying among the reeds in unruffled slumber, as holding in keeping some mystery not to be revealed. When the wind sways the rushes, and rasps together the stubborn flags in hearse-plumed nodding, there is no life upon its surface. The ripples never change its gloom. It is said by Mrs. Hannah Blundell, who is addicted to horse-shoes and omens, and the interpretation of dreams, that from the di rection of the tarn on wild midnights another figure may be Been accompanying the shade oi Fratak Lee to the summer-house of the mistress in the garden. 