SPECIALITIES. SOME few weeks ago we published the plan of a stockyard; and, in the pardonable exultation of having completed a thing of beauty whose excellence was beyond dispute, appended, with that fatal rashness that too ofteu blinds the en thusiast, the defiant words, " Kind fault if you can!" Little did we think thin innocent challenge, which was after all but an expression of self-gratulatiouat hiving completed a labor to our satisfaction—the sort of flourish that we have obaerved poets indulge in ou tho completion of their last sUnz.i— little did wo thiuk that this short note of jubilation was to stir nquatterdoin to its very depths. If has however, aud the con sequence hud Uen tint it has pleased heaven to rmn all port* of stockyards upon our bare hi ad. We hay« iilre-idy a riiawur full of them, and they still continue t>> pnur in. They are mostly iu gv-niou^ly deviled and very carefully executed ; but what, can wo <ln witli ;-"ich a legion of com petitive flisi^'iia / T.> publish every week a four pai^d !.up[ilemcMit devoted to stockyarda seuuit-il tin! in>it:-t way of saving * all thin iugeuuity from wasteful oblivii.n ; but on calculation we liud that before our preseut stork of yards could bo used up our oth'ce G.inyuiedo, who fills tho ink-buttles, a nisy buy of twelve, would have developed into the lean and slippered pantaloon of seventy-five. And yet to waste tho labor of a man's brain i* surely wur.'u than to destroy the result* of hU inaiiii d industry, e<» we trust to turn these stocky.-uds to account. Wo have thought of opening agL-ncics iv Mexico, Texas, the Cape, und other cattle countries, and supplyiug the reMcleuta with stockyard-* at a merely nominal charge, and nut till all the cattle in the world aro used up ceasiug from our efforts. We desire no prolit frmu the business ourselves, the utilisation of our subscribers' in telligence, iitid the convenience of the animal kingdom, beiug the motives that prompt us to otl'er any young man of goo. I nddre»!*, and with nurticieut energy to make a living out of a new businea.i, a supply of stockyard* gratis, that should make bis fortune on the prairie.-*, the pampas, or any other pLicu where large herds await the civilising influence vf the drafting-yard aud crush-pen. Wk think the titiiu h.i-t arrived for bummouing a Concress composed of delegates from every section of civilised mankind f-->r the purpose of iixin^ upon .iotue s;>.it on the earth's surface to be kept Niiored froui the rav:ice< of l'roc;ret>p. If matteii <-n a.-j they are iluiuj:, there will soon bo uo such tl'.ing ha autiquicy—exi.vpt iv mu ai:ui:i.'. Why, iv Key pi itself \vu cm only gut antiquity in occasional snilT-i, aud even tht^e are vitiated with the smell of wheel-grease and all the other mechanical odors before which the shades of ancient history flee away in disgust. The greatest boon that the world could now confer on posterity—and the remoter the pos terity the greater the boou—would be to draw an inviolable cordon around some historically sacred area, and say unto Progress (including railway contractors, et hie gtnns omne), " Thus far Bhalt tbou come, and no farther." If we had a vote in that hypothetical Congress, we should unhesi tatingly record it iv favor of Jerusalem and ita environs. The world has dried ua and hardened us and desentimentalised us, till truly there » very little of the bloom of childhood sticking oa us now; but this musty fusty old heart of ours has still a quiver of emotioual response to tbe oflsociat ons called up by tbe name of Jerusalem. We cannot help thinking that it would be a very sad thing if our grandson's great-grauddaughter should make a pilgrimago to the centre of his* toric sacredues*, aud find a railway terminus on Mount Zion, a goods- shed on Mount Acra, a re freshment-room on Mount Moriab, a tramway on the Via Dolorosa, aud the Valley of Hionom filled up with the city walls. And yet something of tho kind is not at all unlikely to he witnessed long before that young woman makes her ap pearance on the scene. " A railway from Jaffa to Jerusalem"—that item of recent intelligence is simply tho death knell of reve rential local sentiment. Truly the old world baa passed away. "Secoud-elass for Jerusalem!" —"Chango here for Botulehem !"—•" Gee-roo salem!"—"Voituro, Monsieur; Grand Hotel dv Calvaii e!"—it sounds such horrible profanity that we are strongly inclined to think this mustt be the veritable abomination of desolation spoken of in prophecy ; aud tbe belief that thin wan to be realized iv the presence of v bow in tliu holy place ia not lost sight of in the fact that the proposed railway is to be taken in h mri tiy a Ciucinniiti contractor. No ;we must hswo that cordon established now or never. As our ideala perish ouu by one, those that remain become all the mure precious. We aro not given to textß in this column, except, ahix, when they help us to confound our enemies ; but wo confess that when we read of this contemplated sacrilege we could not help exclaiming, as we do now, " Pray for the poaco of Jerusalem." Will no one invent some new form of festival that shall commend itself to the clerical taste aa a substitute for tbe conversazione ? A conver sazione with a good magic-lantern, the oxyby drogen mioroscope, or even Pepper's ghost, would be endurable—might even be made en joyable—but these are innovations on the ordi nary pattern of entertainment that one ia seldom permitted to witness. The ordinary programme ia to place a little music between two speeches hb dry and stale as the sandwiches on a railway station counter. In fact the enter tainment ia in this wise somewhat of the sand* wich sort, with the disadvantage however of tbe patient being compelled to digest the un palatable caning, instead of extracting the delect able morsel and bestowing surreptiously the un« desired portions. Eloquence is one of the most magnificent endowments mankind can boast of. The admiration it inspires ia consequent upon its rarity. Nor, one man in ten thousand can stir tho blood, quicken the pulses, and carry the imagina tion captive into the realms of bis fervid fancy. If every man wero au orator oratory would cease to fascinate. Thero is of couruo always an elo quence, apart from all rhetorical graceß and elo cutionary gifts, that wius iuatant sympathy, and moves tho bearer to pas&ionute; impulses, iv au uarncst man speaking from a full heart of that which ho deeply feels. This is entirely apart from oratory. One touch of nature makt'B the whole world kin ; and a mun with a trembling lip telling you of the deuth of his child would probably move you uioro deeply than an elabo rate description by a skilled elocutionist of the horrors of the Groat Plague. Butat conversaziones tbe speakers havo to treat subjects which they do not feel profoundly in earnest about. A tone of grntl» bauter is that most affected, and a very small joku in made to go a very long wny. An insinuation that some staid clerical is a sad dog, and that it is fortuuato his travels have not led him into tho dangerous vicinity of Utah, is usu ally greeted hilariously. Having lately assisted at a conversazione we have been wondering ever since if nnyone really enjoys thia form of enter tainment. All excitement has its enjoyments, aud we recognise tbe pleasure some men may derive, in tho attempt to addresa a mixed assemblage, from tho confused alter nations between bopo of hucccsb, dread of failure, and that awful wrestle between natural timidity aud daring aspirations that make their ten minutes of speech a delirious and intoxicating recrtatiou. But to purchase your delight at the expense of the weariness inflicted on tho listen ing inabs is a. somewhat *elnah way of taking your pleasure, aud we canuut imagine that anyonu but tho speakers find tho exorcise- amusing. It's a singular thing that Time, the most im practicable aud domiueering of individuals, is yet also the moat pliant and elastic. Do you re member that tho first walk you took with Eliza Jane extended over an hour and a-half, when you could have sworn on your veracity that you were uot away ten minutes. And yet the other day, when you were kept waitiug for dinner and anathematising the cook, the clock only signified that teu minutes had passed, when you could once more have staked your reputation that you had been waiting an hour. If we could only penetrate the secret of the old bald sexton, and hud out how it it he manages to trot, to amble, aud to gallop at oue pace, what a rapid fortune we should make ! Retail it: Time lengthened or t-bortened here, according a 9 desired. Kir.-t cus tomer : Tom Shortcauh who wants to extend the time of his bills to au unlimited extent, and thortcn the period to pay-diiy by a head and choulderj). Reginald Spooney of coure comes next, t<i get his t*n minutes with Angelina iv tho corner of tbe Inlcony lengthened out to an hour. And little Alice iv short frocks, who wants the period of her freedom from school and governess brought to within k reasonable distance. Time is money, aye and much more than money to some. WLat price would not the shuddering wretch in the con demned cell pay for a week of it ? or that hard ened old sinner, gazing hopelessly with dying eyes into his physician's face ? Sometimes we might get a customer it would be pleasant to deal with, a poor widow whose only son was at sea, and who would like a few weeks lopped off the weary months that she knew must elapse ere Bhe could hope to see him ; but the votaries of pleasure would be our best customers. Lengthen out the pleasaut days; shorten the gloomy ones ; they would flock, crying make him gallop or pull up short. A certain Emperor who had swayed an empire that was the mightiest of its day amused himself, after throwing up crown and sceptre, with trying to make a number of clocks and watches keep to the one time ; needless to state he failed. Time laughs at the Emperor aa he does at the peasant. Till we find out his secret he will persist in galloping recklessly with us when we would like to pace softly and slowly, and stumbling along with dragging footsteps when we would like to be using whip and spur. He has one redeeming feature : he treats us all alike ; he insults the rich as well aa the poor, and when we try to handicap him with money bags it availeth nothing. But he puts on the pace most when he comes arm-in-arm with a friend ; a thin scarecrow, with a constant grin and a bony hand that once he clasps you with he never slackens hold. He takes no denial, and our friend Time shakes the hour-glass as he iu troduces him. Put the cap and bells on him, hustle him into a corner; keep him out of a ■peciality at any rate. 