MR, WILICIE COLLINS'S GHOST STORIES. We remember onco to have come across man who, aB we gathered from his talk, was- either the proprietor or the printer of a maga zine. We were discussing works of fiction, and happened to praise Miss Austen's . novels. Out new acquaintance inter- ruptcd us with an air of great disdain. " I. once," he said, " hearing people praise those Btorics, got one of them just to eee what sort of a novel this Miss Austen could write. Why, sir, I would not give that," and hero he snapped his fingers, "for the whole lot of them. No, sir, what the public asks for in a story is blood and bone-, and tbo name of God, nnd that sort of thing. That is what sella, nnd that is what, I flatter myself, I provide." no fnr on blood and bones go, Mr Wilkie Collins would seem to be a writer just after the heart of this great patron of literature. There is, if we may venture on a fresh compound, a Fce-fi-fo-fuinness about his stories that hns scarcely been equalled since the days when the giant smelt the blood of an Englishman, and proposed to grind his bones to make himself bread. Mr Collins has gone beyond Airs Eadcliffe, who, however much 'she feasted her readers on horrors, yet, in the end, always showed that there hid been nothing supernatural in the occurrences, and that the ghosts had been no ghosts, but honeEt flesh and blood, after all. He bos returned to the simplicity of earlier times, t'j i He does not explain away his ghosts, He, no doubt, knows his readers, and he is well aware that they do not in the- least desire or expect that the ghost, after " the fashion of Snug, the joiner, in the Mid- anmmer Night's Dream, should talk of his shroud and say— " Ladies, I would entreat you not to fear. If you th'nk I come hithor as a ghost it were pity of my life ; no, I am no such tiling. I am a man as other men are." There is no need for any euch device as this. Ghosts are in fashion again. Common senae has for a season bid the world farewell, and left an open stage to all kinds of folly. Mr Col- lirs can count on a large class of readers. All the spiritualists will be with him to a man, and all the table-turners. Among the advocates of women's rights, the Permis sive Bill men, and the an ti- vaccinationists, among those who would abolish the Act for Contagious Diseases, and those who would hy law put down the use of tobacco, he may . count on finding a large number of adherents. "Give ns back our old ghosts " might well become the cry of no inconsiderable part of the people. Superstition has turned round savagely on common sens?, , which had for more than a century been baiting it, and is now making a hard fight to recover the ground it had lest. It can no longer act in that easy going way which well suited it when it was as yot unchallenged and free from attack. It must now boirC'W weapons from the enemy, and wra itself in the terms of science. Mr Oollins is well aware of this, and knows how to turn' it to good account. Thus, when he brings his latest cock and-bull story to an end,, he solemnly turns round to his readers and BayB, " Is there no explanation of the mystery ui Luc naunteuiiotet : ask youracit it toere is any explanation of the mystery of your own life and death. Farewell." He certainly car ries audacity— we ought, perhaps, to say — impudence — to a sublime height, when he compares the mystery of this story to the great mystery of life and death. Perhaps, however, in addressing his readers bo lays a considerable emphasis on tha words "your own." Certainly it is a great mystery why people should ever he born so silly a (willingly to become the readers of such a story as "The Haunted Hotel."— Saturday Jkacw. 