BUTLER'S CATECHISM. .. no.. ii.'.' . i That the , little . . children attending it the Popish; schools may ; be ," religiously 'in-! structed " arid so made "Jgootl citizens " , and < abovG all " good Catholics,"' Butlerls Catechism . is ; said ;over and -over. again, after.- the fashion which has been exposed in the Herald's ; reports.; ; 'therefore the public '.'are interested in . this particular kind; of: instruction, as, for the sake/of; it, Dr. Yaughan -.demands < that our. ' whole educational policy shallibe broken up and abolished,, and a new denominational one established' in its place. Anyone may see, by studying the . ; Catechism,; that the primary object of forcing the children. to get off the ; questions and answers is, to make them Papists first, whatever else may come second. Add: to what we have already given, as extracts, the following, for illustration and proof: — The children are asked, " When Peter was . made Popo or head of the Church?"; And the answer is, " Chiefly when Christ said to him, thou art Peter, and upon thisEock,"tfcc.; "Feed my sheep." The answer shows the weakness of the cause j and it could never be believed unless it; was drilled into the mind in early child hood: " Chieffy " — that is a curious word, and is a proof of shuffling. When else, unless on the occasion of these two ex pressions being spoken by Christ, was he ever made Pope and head of the Church ? The Catechism does not say. It satisfies itself with "chiefly," and leaves the children to infer, " on many other occasions also." But the insinua tion is untrue. ' On no other occasion is there even a shadow for the inference that Christ riaade Peter Pope and the head of the Church. In fact, the whole scripture is-; full of the mo3t direct and satisfactory proof that Peter never- was made Pope and head of the Church. / The word " chiefly " therefore is simply Jesuit roguery: . Then Butler, as a Papist, and Dr. Y aughan as a Papist, have sworn riot to interpret any passage of scripture " unless according to the unanimous con sent. of the Fathers." - But' the Fathers are: not. unanimous in .interpreting this pas sage, "On this Rock,',': &c.;, as establishing the supremacy of the Pope. Some of the most eminent of the Fathers , reject this . interpretation. -. Some : Popes also reject this interpn'etation. Yet, here the little children are cheated by their -teachers and told a falsehood on the very first -principle of their Church and religion ! - If Christ intended to make Peter Pope and - head of the. Church, fit is strange -that he never' said so inv'plairi language. ; If th e passage '.' Thou arti Peter arid- on ,Tffis -Rock P will1 : build niy Church," meant '" Thou ;Peter! art; the Pop'e audithe-head offihe Church j' . what can be the1 meaning >' of ; the' passage whichifollow immediately-?' Thoub'>Petcr; arttSatamj get thee behind mefi ?for fihoii arfcnan; offence' to riieT'—MatbJfxvil'v-ffS:1 Strange that the little children are never taught; about Peter being the devil! But it appears that Peter was Popeuand : made head; of the ' Church, because Christ said to him "Feed my sheep." How .curious that such a mighty' dogma . as /that of; the " supremacy and headship: ; :of Peter;" should be extracted, out of such words! Sensible men would never bo able to get out such an extract j but children may be forced to believe it. : Hence, the need of ; Catholic schools and Catholic atmosphere. But, every Pastor is told to " feed tho sheep." Even kings of old were , told-- to feed the flock. Never did it occur to any body, however, but to the Papists to make such words mean— " Thou Peter art Pope, the head of the. Church; and thy succes sors also in their, turn.!". Next, the children are asked— -"What means the forgiveness of sins ?" , And the answer which , is provided .for -them is— " That: Christ . left to the pastors of the Church: the power of forgiving sins; . The answer is curious. Forgiveness .of sins " means that Christ has left "jwwer to the pastors of i the church to forgive sins The explanation -may be! very plain; to children ; but it is not very. ; clear ,tO:chil- dren who have. ; grown 1 . to , years. ..No matter it is of great importance in Popish : "religious instruction " to fore stall the: opening , of reason, and, to, possess the mind of .a child .with notions about the " powers of „,the pastors of the Church." rHence' the. children; are./told: point blanlc that the pastors of;the; Church : have-power i . to forgive sins, and; that Christ .gave it to them ; and they are referred to the passage John xx. 23 in proof; " Whose sins ye remit they are remitted," &c.; Here again is weaknesa j and tho weakness is made up for bold assertion. Suppose that the':pas- ; sage means Avhat Butler teaches, as applied to the apostles, it does not .say a word aboub.the " pastors of; the, Church. . Butler craftily, insists that the power given to tho apostles was also given to the "pastors of the. church ; but this is the thing lohich has to be proved. Christ breathed on the apostles, and they: received the Holy Ghost to enable thera to do the work ; but it lias to be proved that the " pastors of tlie ' Church " have received the Holy Ghost. The aDOstles bv the Snirit Imeic whom to forgive and whom to refuse ; but the pastors, of the Church don't know ! But if the pastors of the Church have this power, it is curious that the fact is never mentioned, never . referred ; to, and never taken advantage .of, in the: whole history of those pastors, a3 .given in scripture ! The pastors are, in. many places of the scripture, spoken of ; their duties enumer ated, their cpialifi cations dwelt on, and their privilege mentioned ; but never once is it said, or hinted at, that they received power from Christ to forgive, sin. No ; and if children were taught in a Public school, or taught at. .home, they would never learn from the scripture that the pastors of tho Church havo power to. for give sins; the children need to; be taught in a thorough Popish school, and in the midst of Catholic atmosphere and light, to gather any. such thing 1? The, priests know that this " power " is.a very valuable -.one to them. For what would; become of con-' fession ! what would become of purga- tory -i what would .become of masses for the dead ? what .; would ., become of fees innumerable, if it were riot for their power to " forgive sin ?" The Papal shop; would speedily become .bankrupt if this rnpney making dogma were . not . carefully im pressed on the children's mind. 