TEE NOVELIST. THE CLOVEN FOOT. BY THE AUTHOR OE " LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET," &c;, &c.; [The sole right of publication of " The Cloven Foot has been purchased by the proprietors of this journal from Miss Braddon." CHAPTER XXVIII.-EDWARD CLARU GOES ON A VnvA<TK OF DISCOVERY (CONTINUED). Before any ono could ask him any moro quoE tiona the 'bus from the George was at the Vicar age gate, waiting to take him to the station a Beechainpton, in company with two obese farmer and a rosy-eheekcd girl going out to service, am carrying a nosegay of Avinter flowers, a bandbox and an umbrella. How sweet and frcch the air was in the clea December morning, almost the last of the year How picturesque the winding lane, the wide sweo] of cultivated valley, and a distant belt ©f hill am moor. Edward Clare's eyes roamed across the familia scene, and saw nothing of its tranquil beauty. ïïii mind was absorbed in the business that lay befor« him. He was tormented by that worst of all foe¡ to a man's peace, an envious mind. Tho imago 01 John Treverton's good fortuno haunted him like s wicked conscience. He could not go his own way. and forgot that his neighbour was luckier than himself. Had Tate smiled upon Iiis poetic efforts, had some sudden and startling SUCCCBS whisked him up into tho seventh heaven of literary fame, at the same time filling his pockets, ho might poiBibly have forgiven John Treverton, but with the sense of failure goading him his angry fOelings were perpetually intensifying. Ho was in tho London streets just as dusk was falling, after a cold, uncomfortable journey. He took his travelling bag in his hand, and set out on foot to find a lodging, for his funds were scanty, ai he had not ventured to ask Ids father for money since his return to the vicarage. It was an under stood thing that lie was to have the run of his teeth et Hazlehurst, and that his muse was to supply all . other wants. He did not go to tho streot wh«re ho had lodged before-a narrow, dismal Btreet between Holburn and the British Museum. He went to tho more orowded quarter bounded on one side by Leicester equaro, on the other by St.¡Martin's-lano, and be took himself straight to Cibber-street. Ho had made up his mind to get a room in that uninviting spot, if any decent shelter were available there. Before seeking for this accommodation else where, he went to look at the house to which La Chicot's murder had given such an awful notoriety. He found it more reputable of aspect than when he had last seen it, a few days after the murder. A new wire blind shaded the lower part of the parlour window, new red curtains drooped grace rully over the upper panes. The window itself looked cleaner and brighter than it had ever looked during the stately Mrs. Bawber's occupa tion of tho ground floor. A new brass plate on the door bore tho inscription, "Mr. Gerard, surgeon." Edward Clare contemplated this shining brass plato with the blank gaze of disappointment. Ho concluded, not unnaturally, that the whole house had passed into the possession of Mi'. Gerard, surgeon, and that Mrs. Evitt had gone forth in tho wilderness of London, where she would bo moro difficult to find than poor Hagar and her son i \- in the sandy wastes of tho great desert. While he stood ruminating upon this apparent change in tho aspect of affairs, his oyo wandered t» tho window looking into the roar beneath tho parlour, from which there carno a comfortable glow of light. Tho occupant of the basenient had not drawn down tho illuminated blind which generally shaded her domesticity from the vulgar eye ; and, seated by her kitchen fire, indulging in the inexpensive luxury of slumber, Edward beheld that very Mrs. Evitt whom he had supposed lost in the metropoli tan labyrinth. He had no doubt as to those cork screw curls, that vinegar visage. This was tho woman with whom he had talked for half an hour on that day when he had inspected tho scene of tho murder, under the pretence of looking for lodgings. He wont up the steps to the door. There were two bells, one labelled SURGERY, the other HOUSE. Edward rang tho latter, which was answered after an interval by the landlady, looking cross and .sleopy. At sight of Mr. Clare, with his travelling bag in his hand, she scented a lodger and brightened. " Havo you a decent bedroom to let on your second floor?" ho asked; for'although ho was no believer in tho influences of tho spirit world, he would| have preferred spending tho December night upon the bleakest and windiest of tho bridges to lying down to rest in the room where La Chicot had been slain. " I've got my first floor empty," said Mrs. Evitt, " beautiful rooms, all new papered and painted." " I'd rather go higher up," answered Edward. You had a lodger named Desrolles. What has become* of lum ?" " Gone to travel in foreign parts," replied the landlady. " I believe he had money left him. Ho was quito the gentleman when ho started evorytliing new, from his portmanchew to his railway rug." " Can I have his rooms for a few nights ? I am only in town as a bird of passage, but I don't want to go to an hotel," " They're charges are so 'igh, and there's no privacy in 'em," said Mrs. Evitt, with a sym pathetic air, as if she divined his inmost feelings. " You can have Mr. Desrolles rooms, sir, and wc Bhan't quarrel about the rent." " The rooms aro clean, I suppose ?" Edward hazarded. " Clean !" exclaimed Mrs. Evitt, lifting up her eyebrows with tho indignation of outraged innocence, "nobody that has ever lodged with mo would ask that question. Clean ! no house of mine ever harboured dirt." " I should like to see tho bedroom," said Edward, " Tho sitting-room matters very little ; I shall be out all day." " If you'll wait while I fetch a caudle, I'll show you both rooms," replied the landlady. " I sup pose you -want to come in at once ?" " Yes. I have just como from the country, and have no more luggage than this bag. I can paj you for the rooms in advance if you like ?" "Money comes imcoimnonly handy now that provisions have rose to such a heighth," returned Mrs. Evitt, with an insinuating air. "Not that 1 could ever feel a instant's doubt respecting a young gent of your appearance." "Money down is the best reference," said Edward. "I'm a stranger in London. Here's a sovereign. I suppose that'll square us if 3 only keep tho rooms a week ?" " There'll be a trifle for boot [cleaning," in sinuated Mrs. Evitt. " Oh, very well." " And half-a-crown for kitching fire." "Oh, come now, I won't stand kitchen fire. You don't suppose I'm going to dine here.^ If you bring rae up a cup of tea of a morning it is all I shall want, and the firo that boils your ket tle will boil minc." " A trifle forattendence, then." " I'll promise nothing. If you make me com fortable, I shall not forget you at parting." " Very well, sir," sighed the landlady. "I suppose it will como to tho same in tho end, but I always think it best for all parties to put things clear." She retired into tho darkness at tho end of the narrow passage, tho dark-brown wainscot of which Ava s dimly lighted by an old-fashioned oil lamp, and returned in a minute or two with a tallow candió in a capacious tin candlestick. With this light she preceded Mr. Clare up the staircase, whose shallow uneven steps, and heavy balustrade gave evidence of its ago. On tho first-floor landing Mrs. Evitt paused to recover her breath, and Edward felt au icy thrill of horror as he found himself opposite the bedroom door. " Is that tho room where that poor woman was murdered P" ho asked. " Yes, sir," replied Mrs. Evitt, with a deprecat ing sigh, "it is tho room, and I won't deceive you. But it has been done up so nico that nobody as over knew it before would bo able to recognise it. My landlord acted very liberal; 'anything that paint and paper can do to set you right with your lodgers, Mrs. Evitt, shall be done,1 says he. 'You've been a good tenant,' says he, 'always punctual to the minute with your rent,' he says, .and I Bhould take it to heart if you were to suffer.' Come in and look at the room, sir, and you'll see that there isn't a more cheerful bedroom in this part of London." Mrs. Evitt flung open the door with a flourish of pride, and led the way into the room with upbf ted candlestick. " That's a brand new bedstead," she said, " from Maples, in Tottenham Court- róad, where the Empress of the French gets her furniture. And thero aint a inch of carpet ora bit of bedding that was in tho room when-when-what you men tioned took place." Mrs. Evitt had pinned her |faith upon vivid colour as a charm to exorcise poor Zaire's Ghost. A sixpenny chintz of all the colours in the rainbow draped window and bed. A painted drugget of corresponding violence hid tho worm-eaten old boards, upon which soap, sand and soda had been vainly expended in the endeavor to remove the dark traces of that awful stream which had tra velled from the bed to the threshold. The dres sing table was draped with white muslin and rose colored calico. The chimney-piece was resplend ent with a pair of Bohemian glass vases and a gilded clock. Coloured lithographs in the vilest German art brightened the walls. "Don't it look cheerful ?" asked Mrs. Evitt. "Is that the little room where tho husband used to work ?" inquired Edward, pointing to the door. " Yes, but that doesn't go with the drawing rooms. I've let it to Mr. Gerard for a room to put his books in. He's such a man fer books. They overrun the place." " Who is Mr. Gerard P Oh, by the way, that ÍB tho surgeon downstairs. How long has he been lodging with you ?" "It was about a month after poor Madame Chicot's death when he came. ' I'm going to set up in business for myself, Mrs. Evitt/ ho says. ' I ain't rich enough to buy practice,' said ho, ' so I must try and niako ono for mysolf, somehow,' he says. ' Now your's is a pretty crowded neighbour hood, and I think I might do, if you let me your ground-floor cheap. It would be for a permanency,' says he, 'so that ought to make a difference.' ' I'll do my best to meet you,' says I, * but my rent is high, and I never was a hour behind with it yet, and I never will be.' Well, sir, I let him have the rooms very low, con6idering|their value, for I was that depressed in my spirits it wasn't in me to 'aggie. That ungrateful viper, Mrs. Eawber -a woman I'd waited on hand and foot, and fried onions for her until I've many a time turned faint over tho frying pan. And she'd gone and turned her back upon me in my trouble, and took a second floor over a bootmaker's, where the smell of leather must bo enough to poison any respectable fe male !" " Has Mr.Gorard succeeded in getting a prac tice ?"nsked Edward. " Well, ho do have patients," answered the land lady dubiously ; " gratis ones a many, between the hours of eight and nine of a morning. He's very steady and quiet in his 'abits, and that moderate that he could live where another would starve. He's a wonderful young man, too; it was him much moro than'tho grand doctor-that pulled Madame Chicot through after her accident." "Indeed!" said Edward, becoming suddenly interested ; "then Mr. Gerard knew the Chicots ?" "Knew 'ni ! I should think he did, indeed, poor young man. He attended Madame Chicot night and day for menths, and if it hadn't been for him I believe she'd have died. Thero never was a doctor so devoted, and all for love. He didn't take a penny for his attendance." "A most extraordinary young mau," said Ed ward. ga,They went up to thc second floor, and Mr. Clare was introduced to the apartments upon which Dearolles had turned his back for ever. The fm-niture was of the shabbiest, but the rooms looked tolerably clean, much cleaner than the had appeared during the occupation of M: Desrollcs. Edward flung down his travellin bag, and expressed himself contented with tb accommodation. " Don't put me into damp sheets," ho saie whereupon Mrs. Evitt threw up lier hands in hoi ror, and almost wept as she protested against s heartless an imputation. " There isn't a carefuller woman than m about airing Unen in all London," she exclaimec " I'm over particular. I've scorched many good pillow case in my carefulness ; but I'm th only loser by that, and I don't mind." " I must go and get some dinner," sail Edward. " And then I think I'll drop in at theatre. I suppose you can give mo a latch key." " You can have the very key that Mr. Des rolles had," replied Mrs. Evitt, graciously, as i according a peculiar privilege. " I don't care whose key it is as long as _ i will open tho door," answered tho inapprocia tive poet, and then he put the key in his pocket and went out to regale himself cheaply at a Frond restaurant, and then to the pit of a popular theatre He had come to London on a particular errand but he moant to get as much pleasure out of hi visit as he could. From- the moment that Edward Clare heard o 'George Gernrd's attendance upon Madame Chico he becamo desirous of making Mr. Gerard's ac quaintance. Ho was a man who could help hin in the business he had to carry through. Her< was a man who must know tho dancer's husbanc intimately-a man who could identify Jack Chicoi in tlie present Squire Hazclhurst. This was thc man of men whom it was valuable for Edward Clare to know. Having once made up his mind upon this point, Mr. Clare did not lose any time ir making uso of his opportunities. Ho called upon Mr. Gerard on tho morning aftor his arrival ir town. It waB only a little after 9 when he pre sented himself at the surgeon's door, so anxious waB he to securo an interview before Mr. Gerard left home. He found George Gerard sitting at his modest breakfast of bread and butter and coffee, with an open book beside him as he ate. Edward's eye marked the neatness of tho surgeon's attire, marked also that his coat had been worn to the last stage of shabbiness at all compatible with re spectability. A month's wear more and the sur geon would be out at elbows. He observed also the thick slices of bread and butter-tho doubtful looking coffee, with an odour of horse beans. Here, evidently, was aman for whom tho struggle to live was hard. Such a man naturally would be easy to deal with. George Gerard rose to receive him with a plea sant smilo. " Mrs. Evitt told me that 'you wanted to see me," he said, waving his hand to a chair beside his somewhat pinched fire. Scientific arrangements of fire brick had been adapted to the roomy old grate since Mrs. Raw ber's tenancy, and it now held a minimum of fuel. "Tts, Mr. Gerard, I very much want half an hour'B talk with you," " I can just give you half an hour before I start for my day's work," answered Gerard, with a busi ness-like air and a glanee at th« neat little clock .n the ehimneypiece. The room waa curiously ehangod since Mrs. Rawber's occupation. It had then appeared the model of the vulgar lodging-house parlour. It now looked the room of a student. George Gerard had been able to spend very little money on the decoration of his apartments, but ho had lined the walls with deal shelves, and the shelves were filled with bookB j such volumes as your genuine book hunter collects with loving toil in the lanes and by-ways of London. He had a substantial old fashioned writing table in the window, a pair of comfortable arm-chairs by the hearth, a skeleton clock, and a couple of bronze figures- picked up in one of the back slums of Covent Garden for a song-on tho mantelpiece, and the general effect waa of a room which a gentleman might occupy without a blush. Edward Clare Baw all this, not without a sharp pang of envy. He recognised in the capacity to endure such an existence the power to climb the rugged hill of Fame. " This is the kind of man to succeed in life," he thought. " But one can't expect this dogged en durance in a man of poetic temperament." " Do you wish to consult me professionally ?" asked Gerard. " No. What I have to say relates to a very se rious matter, but is neither a professional ques tion for you, nor a personal affair of mine. You knew the Chr'dhts ?' It was Gerard's turn to be interested. He looked at the speaker with sudden intensity, which bright ened every feature in his face. "Yes. What of them? Did you know them? I never saw you here when she was ill. You know them in Paris, perhaps ?" "No ; I never saw Madame Chicot off the stage. But I am deeply interested in tho discovery of her murderer, not for my own sake, but for the protec tion of some one I esteem. Have you seen John Chicot since the murder ?" "No. If I had-" George Gerard stopped suddenly, and left his sentence unfinished. "If you hod you would have given him up to tho police, as his wife's murderer. Is that what you were going to say?" " Something very near it. I have strong reason to believe that he killed her ; and yet there is ground for doubt. If he wore tho murderer why should he alarm the house ? He might have gone quietly away, and the crime would not have been discovered for hours afterwards." " Hyper-eaution, no doubt. Murderers often ovor-acfe their parts. Yet, if you look at the tiling, you will see that he was obliged to give the alarm. Had he not done so, had he gone away and loft his wife lying dead, it would have been obvious that he and he alone was her assassin. By rousing the household he put on at least the semblance of in nocence, however his flight might belie it after wards." " It is a prof ound mystery;' said Gerard. " A mystery only to those -who refuse to accept the natural solution of the enigma. Hero was a man with a drunken wife. It is an acknowledged fact, I believe, that Madame Chicot was a drunk ard?" "Yes, poor soul. He might havo let her kill herself with the brandy bottle. He would not have had lon g to wait." " A man KO Cottered may get desperate. Suppose that 1 could prove to you tlint this Chicot lind the strongest possible temptation to rid himself of his wife by any menus, fair or foul. Suppose that I could tell you that his inheritance of a large estate was a contingent upon his marriage with another woman, that he had already, in order to secure that estate, contracted a bigamous marriage with that other woman-she innocent as an angel, poor girl, throughout the plot. Suppose I could prove all this, what would you say of Jack Chicot then?" " Most assuredly I would say that he did tho deed. Only show me that he had a motive strong enough to urge him to crime-I know from my OAvn experience that ho was tired of his wife-and I will accept the evidence that points to him as tho murderer." " Do you think that evidence strong enough to convict him ?" "On that point I am doubtful. His flight is damning evidence against him; and then thero is the fact that at the bottom of his colour box thero lay a dagger which corresponded in form to the gash upon that poor creature's throat. I found that dagger, and it is now in the possession of the police. It bears the dark tarnished stain that blood leaves upon steel, and I have no doubt in my own mind that it [was with that dagger La Chicot was killed. But these two points comprise the whole evidence against the husband. They aro strong enough to afford a presumption against his innocence ; but I doubt if they are strong enough to hang him." " Let it bo so. I don't want to hang him, but I do want to rescue the woman I once loved-for whom I still care more than for any other woman on earth-from a marriage that may end in her misery and untimely death. What must bo the fate of such a man 'as this Chicot, if he is, as you believe, and as I believe, guilty ? Either remorse will drive him mad, or he will go on from crime to crime, sinking lower in the scale of humanity. Let me but strip the mask from his face, separate him for ever from his innocent wife, and I am con tent. To do this I want your aid. Jack Chicot has disappeared from the ken of all who knew him. The man who bore that name is now a gentleman of landed estate, respected and respectable. Will yon be disinterested enough to waste a couple of days, and travel over throe hundred miles, in order to help me to identify the late adventurer in the present lord of tho manor. Your journey shall not cost you sixpence." " If I go at all, I shall go at my own expense," answered Gerard, curtly; "but you must show mo an adequate reason for doing what you ask." " To do that I must toll you a long story," an swered Edward. And then, without mentioning the names of people or of places, he told the story of Jasper Treverton's will, and of Laura Malcolm's marriage. The facts, as |he stated them, went far to show John Treverton a scheming scoundrel, capable of committing a crime of tho darkestkind to further his own interest. "The case against him lookB black, I admit," said Gerard, when Mr. Clare had finished. " But there is one difficult point in the story. You say that in order to secure the fortune Chicot married the young lady in the January before Madame Chicofc's death. Now if he had made up his mind to get rid of his lawful wife by foul means, why did he not do it before he contracted that marriage instead of afterwards? The crime would have been the same, the danger of detection no greater. The murder committed af ter the second marriage was an anachronism." " Who can fathom his motives ? He may have had no design against his wife's life when he married tho lady I know. He may have believed it possi ble to so arrange his Hf e that no one could ever recognise Jaek Chicot in the country squire. He may have thought that he coidd buy his freedom from Madame Chicot. Perhaps it was only when he found that her love or her jealousy, was not to be hoodwinked that he conceived the idea of mur der. No man-assuredly, no man of decent ante cedents-reaches the liinnacle of guilt at a leap." "Well," sighed Gerard, after a pause, " I will go with you, and seo tins man. I had a curious interest in that poor creature's career. I would have done much to savo her from the consequence of her own folly, had it been possible. Yes, I will go with you. I should like to know the end of the story." It was agreed between the two young men that they were to go to Devonshire together in ¿he first week of the new y»ar, Edward Clare remaining only a week in London. Gerard was to accompany Clare as his friend, and to stay at the vicarage as his guest. (TO BE CONTINUED.) t Tho late Prince Imperial was snbjoctod to many little annoyances during his brief stay at Capetown. Not the least was tho following :-Lady Frere, in honour of tho arrival of tho Prince, issued cards of invitation for a grand ball to bo hold at Government House. It is customary at tho Capo that the royal arms should appear on tho cards. Tho order was given to the printer in tho usual form, but tho typo grapher, being a funny man, instead of printing tho royal arms, substituted a portrait of tho Duke of Wellington-tho hero of Waterloo. Tho hoax was not discovered until all tho invitatious had been issued, and it was too late to remedy tho act of tho mauvais-vlaisant. Penny savings banks aro to bo established in con nection with tho State schools of Victoria. Tho system (says tho ARGUS) applies only to schools with an average attendance of 250 and' upwards. The work will bo dono by tho head teacher and tho first assistant. Deposits aro to be received onco a week, and no sum in excess of 5s will bo received at a time. As soon as a child has accumulated ¿61, an account will bo opened in his own name in tho Post-offico Savings Bank. Instructions havo boon issued to tho teachers, and tho system will conic into operation as soon as the books, which are being printed, aro ready, 