THE ADDITIONS TO ST. MARY'S CHURCH, WARWICK. The ceremony of laying the foundation stono of the additions to St. Mary's Church (Roman Catholic) took place last week, sayo the lo'cal paper. Tho day was observed as' a holiday amongst the members of the church, and a large number attended the ceremony. High mass was ; celebrated at 11 a.m. by tho Rev. B. Scortechini, assisted by the Revs. Father Byrno, and Father O'ConnclL The Rev. J. J. Horan officiated as .master of the ceremonies, and tho Very Rev. Dean Dwycr (Sydney), took a°seafc \ in thc^sauctuary. The service was well rendered -i,ii(i w:is very impressive; iu aid not conclude until half-past 12. At the termination of the service a procession was formed from the church. The Rev. J. J. Horan led, followed by choristers in surplices ; after them came the Rev. Dean Dwyer, having on his right the Rev. D. J. Byrne, and on his left the Rev. T. O'Connell, with the Rev. B. Scortechini behind. Arrived within the portion of the new addition, the rev. gentlemen ascended the platform, and, tho people having assembled and filled the place in every part, The Very Rev. Dean Dwyer delivered an earnest and suitable address. He thanked the Rev. Father Horan for the honour he had done him in asking him to lay the foundation stone, lie called the attention of the people to the words of St. John in the Opocalypse which said ' Behold the Tabernacle of God.' These words would apply to those who had worshipped with him in the building they had just left, and which the portion they were about to lay the foundation of was to form a part. As surely as God was present m uie neaveniy cnurcn so suroiy nuu xiu been present with them that day as He always was. This should be a great comfort and con solation to them ; arid it should also be a comfort to them to know that their church was extending, and would continue to extend so long as God was with them. A few years ago the present church might have been sufficiently large for theiv wants ; ? but it had become too small, and hence the necessity of providing increased accommodation. They must show their faith by their works, and it was the noblest work of Christians to engage themselves in building convents for their children, temples to their God, and presbyteries for their priests. These works they should consider it a privilege to be allowed to take a part in — first for the honour and glory of God, and secondly for the comfort of their souls, lie then referred to thebuilding of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. He said when the Rev. Father Therry commenced the work many years ago, he was considered almost a mad man for entering upon such a gigantic uudertak ing. There were only a very few members of his ?church in the colony, not nearly so many as were standing round that day ; but all classes and members of all churches assisted him in the good work, and there was the satisfaction that a mag nificent structure was raised, second only to one In the Australian colonies. And so it was with. them. Their pastor stood in the samo position as Father Terry, and he asked them to assist him .- in the completion of that building. They could all help him, and they should do so by giving a3 freely as possible. He hoped they would respond to his call for help, and they should give if even they wore to pinch themselves, and they would find it such a pleasure that they would be asking Father Horan what he was going to do next for them. After some further remarks he called upon the Rev. J. J. Horan to read a copy ' of tho inscription on the scroll, which was placed in the bottle under the foundation stone. The Rev. J. J. Horan would commence where the Very Rov. Deaii Dwyer left off. He would say that ho would have no backwardness in receiv ing subscriptions for tho addition ; in fact, he would do so with pleasure, and he felt that they would give with still greater pleasure. He con gratulated them on the work they had undertaken, in extending their church, and ho was perfectly willing, as ho know his hearers were willing, to be considered like Father Therry viz., mad — so long a3 thoy were engaged in a good work. Tho extensions of their church would at least be some thing for their children to admire in after life. After a few further remarks, principally of a facetious nature, ho read the scroll, the inscrip* tion on which. was as follows : — In the name of the Father, and of the ? Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. In tho year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, .in tho second year of the Pontificate of His Holiness Popo Leo XIIL, And in tho forty-third year of the reign of» Victoria, VYut-;CU Ul V3 1 UtlU J-HU'UMl U.ULL JLl UULUU ILX1U JJjUiprUSS of India ; Right Reverend James O'Q.uinn being Bishop of Brisbane and, - Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy, . . . ? K.C.M.G., C.B., ' . ^ ? Governor of Queensland and its Dependencies j This Foundation Stone of the additions of St. Mary's Church, under the title of ' Tho Assumption,' The Rjvereiid James John Horan being Parish Priest of Warwick, was laid by tho Very Reverend Dean Dwyer, O.S.B., of Sydnoy, in the colony of New South Wales ; assisted by the Reverend Denis Joseph Byrnes, of ' Dalby, the I' eve rend Benedict Scortechini, Parish Priest of Logan, aud Rovcrend Thonuig O'Con nel, Administrator of South Brisbane, on the Feast of the Glorious Assumption of the Ever Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God, this fif teenth day of August, Jacob- Horwitz, Esq., being Member of Parliament for Warwick ; James M'Keaehie, Esq., Mayor ; and Francis Barron Woods, Esq., Town Clerk. The rev. gentlomon thon'.dosconded from tho platform, and surrounded the foundation utone. Tho Very Rov. Demi Dwyor deposited the ? . bottle containing tho records, and, prayers hav been offered up, the stone was lowered into -its bed, and thejcl^''- -^v^d up further prayers. They then :i „....;. ?. i « ::r:m, when the Rev. J. J. Horan stated ho was prepared to ro „ ceive subscriptions. A list was opened, and, in a short time, the sum of £170 was collected, the ' greater' portion of which was paid in. The clergy returned to the clinch afc half-past one o'clock; and the proceedings terminated. 