The Storyteller. CHRISTMAS BETWEEN TWO STOOLS. BY JOHN WISKER. MISS AMELIA HICKEY, as she often Proudly remarked, lived in 'the best part of Padding ton, Brisbane. To the eye of the ordinary observer that salubrious suburb presents a remarkably average appearance., It i» apt ea*jt to distinguish the tat pa* from the worn. To me the tight of Paddington always incased a gentle melancholy throughput my postiflsoul. The plaoe is rtoh in assooiatioass with the cemetery on the oae hud and the gap* on the other, the resident is enabled at one? to m«dL, tate upon present prospects, and fatare eer* tainties. About the Ohristmas ot 1897, when this story opens,* Paddington.had a somewhat faded and broken-spirited looki The drought had emptied the tanks, burnt the paint on the houses, and so dried up the verdure that e?ery rightminded man thanked Providenoe for hot ■ending Nebuohadneuar into the neighborhood to grass. It was rery difficult indeed to find out the 'beit part)' bnt, whereVer it was, Miss Amelia'fiiokey lived in it, and had dose so for many years. She was a pretty girl of twenty years, tall and slim, with a sympathetic eye. True, her nose was * tip-tilted like the petal of a flower,' as Tennyson puts it; but a good deal may be made out of a torned-up note if it is properly worked. Then her ankle was nicely turned. One of her admirers termed it a ' fleeting viiion of ethereal delight,' whilst her brother Tom irreverently declared it to be a ' leg like than, der.' So erect was Amelia's figure that the same wretch compared it to a yard and a-half of pump water; but, in spite 0/ these prosaic com parisoM, «he undoubtedly was a nice girl, and a credit to'her family, of which Mr. Hiokey, builder, in a good way of business, was the bead. Notwithstanding her manifold attrae* tions, the light of true love had never shone into Amelia's eyes, though a vast quantity of effulgenoe at all times shone out of them. Suitors had been abundant, but none of them had been deemed eligible. Meteors had flashed across the horizon of her affections, but no satellite revolved round her, nor had even a comet settled down into a regular though ecoontno orbit. One young gentleman had been deemed eligible in many reipeots, but brought himself to ftheavy discqunt through repeated appearances at the Polioe Court on various ohargei of being more lively in Qaeen>street late at night than tine necessities of civilisation required. Another youth was admonished that he had better waitontil bitpound a week inoroaaed along with hit age and hii wiidom, both.ofwhioh attribute* moved on* wards rather'slowly. He declared'that the light of his existence was blotted out for. ever. Amelia suggested rushlight. He darted home in a firame of mind wavering between knife, rope, and river; but he recovered from that form of l indisposition, and three weeks afterwards ate a whole iurkey for a wagon Another very elegant young fellow tendered his lore, but unfortunately also tendered a forged oheque very shortly afterwards. Then there was a. red* headed widower* wiiji three ohiidren, who offered ; himself. He owned a great deal of land, and old Hiokey said that the match would • work well into'"bis'busraesi. Amelia declared that she would never ' work into' that family, and the red>haired landowner had to content himself with announcing that' ' the girl was a fool.' The prospeot, a* Ameliaput.it, was 'perfectly alarming.' Plainer girls than she, iess worthy girls than she, and in a lower station than she, had gone off like Bengal lights, simply because the right man had preiented himself at the proper moment) but Miss Amelia was not mated, much lets married. , Matters were in this pasiwhen, shortly be? fore the Christmas of 1877, Miss Hiokey re osived an invitation to a picnic to be held on Christmas Dejr in the nsigbborhood' of Indoo* roopilly. This invitation cam« from Mr. Aljjah Bodger, a, merchant of lEdward'ttreet, a resident of Pstrie-Wrrace, and a member of the Assembly for tome constituency or other np Kortb. Mr. Bodger was quite a typioal legislator—a little addioted to liquor, and an ardent patriot. He was a|so typical of a large class of traders. Hi lived upon othet people's money as long as he oonldj and when tN» ooolddo so no longer he * wentthrou|tu* One of bis warmest admirers alad wafegislator, f laid* that ''Bodger 'ad an*aa4 oa hfii shoulders.' I should say he had. It; \ artist bt tiiiiosl as dimoun jinths end \6Hre \ by banbraDte^ as toli?e oy b»rd work. ( Wobo'dy wond«r#d at Bodger glvjag ao expensive picnic Man wto have • h«bH of * going through' hW gtweralfy 4ist> a hsbtt ornbewl expouaitaw. Mimi^im*, Wfrftfa: It app^.; bow •fat, thai on tbis ooeasion Mr. BodgM bad • speaial inWr«et fa whit U eailsfl •running' tkstisMc JJ ' ?i-v-' .-.-■'••■•'*"•■--.' ißrah«v«,' said he io his haftttd as* ow momiiig at brsak^ast, 'I have a purpose in i firifltythis uieo^J W tfcrlitfaaa Piiy.' . . ! Mr. Braba* B«dfer w«e th* oaly «oa af taw I lfgvlator, and aol* h+ir to tU hU Cath^i dis i charges ia Inao)v4«t*. H« was a middltfsi««4 josmm «*» 9t abf«t two-anditpanty, witk>» : wttra tm aod • little blast ltowtsttho/ajftnji the oare of whioh he spent as muoh time as would, have ansbled feisa to acquire aay known ■aienoe or art, from eooehology to ooek*ighting. Mr. Braham had an Unme.nse opinion of hims. If. , * what's the game this time, hostf en> quired this respectfal specimen of human pro* . ' I want you to out In with that little girl at Hiokey'* An aunt has just left her.a.thousand pounds. I have jnade careful enquiries, and know it for a fact, though they keep it quiet enough at HickeyV .,',"'. . .' Oh 1 if there's a thousand pounds in U % I am quite ready. I always admired the girl, and if there's money——' /Admired her!' * Yes, I did, and no mistake.' ,' Well, jour admirations, of which f. bflieve you have about flve*and'twenty on hand, are nothing to me. Tbis thousand pounds would be awfully useful to us.' The dutiful heir thought that if ha go) inch a sum he would like to dissolve the Bra, but he did not say so. * Things are getting tight—very tight.' * Were they ever anything else f *To hear you speak, one would think that you were the father and I the son. I wish in mercy it oould be to 1 Anyhow, it will be very awkward for us to go through again, and I with a seat in the House too.' * Desperately awkward,' said the son. 'Bankers and people are getting to be perfect brutes in refuting credit.' ' Horrid—outrageous j now, if we had that thousand pounds, we chould not onjy be right, but flourishing. I don't think the court would ever know us again!' And the Spartan father sat back in his chair and saw reflected in the opposite mirror the spectacle of virtue yet unrealised. 1 The official assignee and the rest will miss us. I quite feel for them,' said Braham. * Yes, their position will be pathetic. However, will you pitch in on Christmas Day f The young coxcomb responded that he would pitch io, that be knew how to make lore—lot him alone for that.. Then the estimable pair went to business. Ohaptbb 11. Thb happj day arrived. An omnibus could not be had j and, accordingly, three waggonettes fall of expectant mortality left the rendezTOua precisely at half-paat 10 on the morning of the 2sth of December. The party was not a large one | indeed it will be teen from the conversa tion between Bodger and son that there was no inducement to make it large. It was hoped, however, that tho constituents would be bar* tnonioiu, though whether suoh a hope was likely to be realised seemed doubtful from the ontiet. Betides the two Bodgers, the Hickeys weiro re* presented by father and mother, Amelia and Tom. Four smaller Hiokeys wore left to howl at home and smash crockery. Thbre waif besides, Lucy Kegge, an orphan niece of old Biokey, who had lived with him for some years, and had degenerated intd something like a superior servant. She was small in statnrei desperately good-tempered, and dismally plain. There was Harry Maitland, a lawyer's clerk, who promiied well in hia profession. Everybody had a good word for him. He kept his widowed mother. He loved Amelia tenderly, but did not consider that hi* position was such as would justify him in speaking. Mr. Timotheus Blogg was a clerk in the Works Offioe—a dark, weird, Byroaio yottth. He was endowed with a powerful poetio faculty, and had secured the insertion of an incredible number of verses in the waste-paper baskets pf local editors. The blaok hair of Mr. Blogg rose high above his forehead» bis brows lowered darkly; his voice was hollow, and seemed to oome from somewhere •bout the heels of his boots i hia aspect was despairing and tragic Awe mingled with ad* miration was the feeling wherewith many maidens oontemplated this descendant of Pindar. The remaining member* of the party call for no special description. Three, fat middle-aged woven were balanosd by three lean middle* age* ma.■; A few young people completed the company. It was, I have said, selected with a view to It* being hiraonkta*. But Mr. Elijah Bodger, M.L.A., had aude iia allowance for thtf infiusnefdf genius. 'Vb|^%owever, power fully asserted itself. The Cimmerian Blogg had conceived a vlolant attachment for Miss Hlckeyy bat had forgotten to tell either her or anybody •b» Ilof the fact: The aforesaid Ideal editors might hive deduoed something from the nMMroaa«de* tb«y Motived entitled, *To Amelia!' 'Biokoy, wfcer* art thonP' 'OFad dlngtoa!'and so forth* but these effusions wave eit published Id such a way that they ■eadad no pereeoal examination. However, Mr. Blogg ohote Io take it for granted that everybody ought to be acquainted with the state .of bk iopejmoat and undeclared feelings, aad he asied aoeordiagly* Basbfalnas* bad never been among the weak* nesses which bad conducted the Bedger family on its triumphal march to flfteenpenoe in the pound. Mr. Braham Bodger made hinself retaarkably affabk to Mrs. Hiokey, a quiet little woman, who highly appreciated that kind of thing ) he was very jolly with the ' old man •' and finally he, to to speak, seized upon Amelia, placed btff in one of tho waggonettes, and jumped in by her side—all as if she had been a piece of bia own peculiar property. Mr. Blogg, who under ordinary eiroumitancea might have got through the picnic in an average state of poetio muddle, now began to convert hitnielf into a positive nuisance by means of a poworful strain of dismal tragedy. He started, and then gased on the scene in the other waggonette with an icy glare, much after the fashion of Macbeth when he discovered that disagreeable gentry with marrowless bone* had obtruded themselves upon his banquet. Tom Hiokey asked him if he thought the picnic was to be held there, and unceremoniously hustled the poet into another waggonette. Blogg audibly groaned. 'Hullo I' raid Tom, • any thing wrong P Better have a nip if you feel queer.' Blogg mattered something about 'earthly remedies,' and 'unavailing resources,' and 'eternal oblivion.' ' Don't you think he's been nipping already, Tom P' whispered bis father, who was in the same vehicle. 1 No, T think not; he's a poetio sort of fellow, and imagines that he's Shakspeare, with a dash of Milton. He cuts up queerly when hi* in. spiration is strong on him. A contractor once asked him a question in the Works Office, and Blogg shook hi* fist violently at the old man, and cried " Avaunt!" He was in a horrible funk, though, when he got out of his inspira tion.' ' Hell end in Woogaroo,' said old Hickey. At this moment young Bodger stooped his faoe so close to Amelia's ear that Blogg thought he was committing the indiscretion of kissing her, whereas Braham was only whispering some* thing tender. ' Stars, hido your firei!' oried the miserable compound of Shakipeare and Milton. 1 They can't oblige jou at present,' said Tom, who now aaw what was the matter. ' They are not oat. Your cue shall be attended to v aeon as they are.' • For ribaldry lioii no mood, friend,' ob ■erred Blogg, quoting a line from one of his own playq. • All right | but isn't young Bodgor going it with our Amelia P*. . ' Horrible sight 1 let me hide it from me!' ' You can if yon like/ remarked wje malicious wretoh j • bat my opinion is that it is settled between them.' Blogg smote his forehead. 'I believe (the villain did not belief* anything of the kind) that Amelia will be Mrs. Braham Bodger in a month or twe>.' At this baleful announcement Blogg collapsed altogether, nor did he ahpw any signs of reviving animation until they arrived at their destination, and Tom had hauled him out and planted him on hia feet. It ia amazing how little ia done at an average pionio beyond getting there, eating and drinking, and getting back again. Tbia Chriatmaa Day of 1877 waa too hot for pleasure.. The three fat middle-aged women were the only a«o(ion of the party who appeared in keeping with the occasion, for by the time they reaohed the camping ground two of them looked exactly like the roaat beef of Old England, whilst the third represented all that oould be wiahed in the shape of plum-pudding. The three lean middle aged men looked whiter than ever in the sheen of the midday aun. They quaffed their beer with the air of martyra. Blogg went off mooning among the gum-trees, or, aa he phrased it, ' plunged into the depths of (he forest to oom* mune with his desolate soul.' Old Hiekey smoked in silence. Mr. dodger, sen., soon saw that, in order to prevent everything from be* coming flat, it was necessary to prepare luncheon at once. This the eldera did, whilst the young people romped and .fluted, among the trees. Young Bodger worked than ever, and Amelia soemed pleased with. him. He was the moat presentable, young man of the party, and he did hia beat to make* himself agn***l** Btrange to say, old Bodger by no meant approved of th,ia kind ojf ' pitching ia/. .&• glowered fiercely a* the, pair, (when he oookL see them), and might .have loot his tamper had he not been convinced of the necessity of preserv ing it. He tried to get a. weal with hia too, but yovag Bodger did art tee-him. He called to bis hopeful, but young lodger did Mot hear him. Then the anxious parent exhaled a few euraes upon the midday ajt\ labeled the oar bonie arid of half a bottle of etompegne, and felt a little revived. : "Melia and that thttt.joug, Bodge* ia gettin* very thick, ain't thajT said mild Mm Hiokey to her spouse. ' They aeom to be, and I'm almost sorry for it. He is a decent young fallow, but I'm afraid old Bodger is not a stable man. ' Who on earth wants a stable man f WeVo horeee enough," exclaimed the partner of old Hickey'ajoya. 'You ninny, I meant that I didn't know whether Bodger waa aubatantial—quite sound in hia buaineaa. Not that I wiah to aay any thing in a haaty way again a man, neither/ 'Oh! ♦Veil, 'Melia must consult her own feelings first.' 1 She will consult them first and last, so that we need not bother about it.' At length all was ready % but where was BloggP Probably in the first scene of a five aot drama. Feeling the justice of tbia appro* henaion, Tom Hiokey and Harry Maitland plunged into the depths of the forest in #rder to see where the poet was .communing with his desolate soul. They found him. He had been communing to some purpose. In his ebstreo* tion he had plunged into the scrub and torn his clothes | he had bogged himself up to hia knees; his hat was on one side } his hair die* bevelled. King Lear must have been a joke to to him. The two young fellows roared with laughter. •Come,' said Tom at last, 'if we had known that you wanted a pionio all to yourself you might as well have had it out in our haok garden. Take a pull at this.' The poet applied to bis lipe a strong mixture of rum and water, and kept it in that position for an unpoetical period of time. He swigged, spluttered, coughed, and returned to earth again. ' Now,' said Tom, ' you're in love with my sitter; that's as plain aa noonday.' •Ah!' • And you don't approve of BodgeVe carryings onP* Blogg plunged for the moment into the dosing scene of an extra diroful piece of dramatic science. •Quito natural,' continued Tom, 'that yon shouldn't like Bodger making any headway} but it's all your own fault. You've never spoken to the girl t How is she to know your sentiments unless you tell her P Cheer up! Dress yourself carefully to-morrow evening, and oome down to our place and have it out with Amelia. And take my advice, and leave all these infernal meditations to Hervey, Gray, and other fellows who were fond of muddling among the tombs. I shouldn't advise you to say any* thing to-day. Make the beat of your chance (it isn't a bright 'on, poor devil). It's a free country, and, thank goodness, there's no special monopoly for Bodger in it!' Then they tried to straighten him down and make him look human, but his desolate soul had led him into such awful messes that this was not wholly possible. ' A nice article for a brother-uvlaw!' said Tom to Harry Maitland when they had done their best. Blogg was led to the lunoheon in a muoh more cheerful frame of mind after these chari table speeches. Ifobody took muoh notioe of them, since the mouths of half the company were full and the glasses of the other half were empty. The luncheon was a good one, and was eaten as all meals are under such oiroumstanoes. Ton strain your neck, and twist your limbs •. yop drop your food on your own clothes, and your drink 09 the clothes of your neighbor} Insects fall from the tree*, and crawling things ascend from the earth. This kind of thing is termed agreeable, and I suppose it must be, or so many people would not join in it. Young Bodger was in an increasing state of devotion towards Amelia. Amelia was in a quiet state of complacency, and «njoyed herself so much that she almost forgot to have a delicate appetite. Old Bodger darted towards the happy pair as many furious glances as his duties in the way of host would permit him—glances that Braham baiily recognised, but oould by no means interpret. The old fellow, for some reason or other, looked Kke a volcano previously to eruption. He drank doubly—as a legislator ' and ac a man ia a rage. Braham Bodger drank to keep up his oouragt. Blogg drank to keep down his despair. The latter gentleman grasped at every boMls that earn* within his reach, and it is a mercy that a blacking bottle did not go round along with the rest. Blogg was on the lee- side of one of the mtddle*aged lean gentlemen, who wee a bit of a wag in bis way, and who plied she unfortunate poet with hook, euraooa, gin and gmgerboesv rum and lemonade, and kindred charming mixtures. Before the feast was ftaiabed the post's utterances would have been husky if he had itfcrtd anything, whioh was no* the ease. Whan aft kwgsh they had no excuse for sMttng longer, |k* party rose; the fat women being helped up. The legislator dashed to his son. 'Braham, thi*. won't do at ail, you know! Why don't you pay attention to the little girl V 'So I have.' 'Oh! that's all right 1 but you must finish off this business properly. II is imperative.' 'I understand thai I am doing my very Don. ' Well, then, go to her at once.' And the anxious parent pointed towards— Luoy Eeggs, the desolate orphan! Braham Bodger looked at his father with the air of an inquisitive kangaroo. 1 All right, old man! I'll do it at onoe.' ' Do, my boy } so muoh depends upon it.' ' Why on earth,' said young Bodger' to him self, ' should he want me to pay attention to that most unaooountable hnageP A diplomatic move, I suppose. Doesn't want my attentions to become too obtrusive, and the old folks to take the alarm. Bui I cannot bother with that kind of manoeuvring. It's a short sprint race, and I mustgnake the running.' Accordingly he proposed a stroll to Amelia. She acoepted, and they began to move away into the bush. ' Braham!' rolled out a voice as loud and as significant as the first gun that was fired at 11 o'clook on the morning of Waterloo. But amid the rustle of the gunvtrees and the crack of crockery Braham affected not to hearhjm. • Braham \W •Youbeblowed!' And the loving eopple wandered on. Bra haih had ' taken in' a tolerable quantity during the meal j but enough he had drunk enough to make him dashing and spirited he had not imbibed sufteiea* to render him offensive. He was just in the humor fer a eomp de main. Amelia, however, was rather perverse. She would talk of the natural objects around, of which she knew little and he nothiog. Thus half.an-hour pasaed away, and he did not score a point. 'How brilliant is the sheen of the sun amongst the foliate, and how glassy looks the river in the distance !' ' This is altogether a cut above me,' thought Bodger. 'If this kind of thing goes on much longer I shall bo quite stuck in the mud.' •How lovely the oolor of the hUli that are jut falling into the shade!' • Er—urn—yea, it's Tery pretty !' There waa a pame, daring whioh Bodger felt as if ten thomand pint and needles were stiok ing into him in all direction*. 'Dearest Amelia—' > • Mr. Bodger! How can you think of niing •aoh an expression under present ciroum ■tanofls P' Bodger thought that this was an encourage ment to him to dm it under future eireum itanoea j and having onoe got on solid ground he went on in a manly atyle. 'Dearest Amelia! I cannot use any other ezpreaaion. Our oon?erae to-day has been brief, but how many timeahare I admired you! I have aiked myaelf the question often—could I lire without you P I feel I could not.' He felt as if living without the thousand pounds would be highly inoonvenienti but of oourae he said nothing on that point. The young lady drooped her head, blushed, and waa silent. 'I think it's a won game,' said Bodger to ' I believe he is owning to die point, 1 said Amelia to herself. • Amelia, dearest, will you be mine P' • Oh I dear. Mr. Bodger, yon should not carry on so.' ' What should I do without yon P' ' I am sure I cannot tell,' she demurely re marked. ' Perhaps you would try somebody else.' ' Please, do not tantalise me,' -■ 'I wonder when he is going to make me an offer,' ahe aaid to herself. . - . ■ ' This ia no time for dallying/ said he. • I should think not,* thought she. He took out an engagement ring, but kept it olosely ©on* oealed within his hand. 'Sweetest Amelia, I have latiified myself that we were made for eaoh other. Though we have never had a conversation ot such a private character as this, we have known each other long. My happiness cannot be oomplat* with* outyou. Will you be mine P' 'Dear me, Mr. Bodger, you are is saeh a hurry.' . •There's nothing like hitting the nail on the head.' •The notion of comparing mo to a oafl wait* ing to get hit on the head is not ealemlalsd to improve your prospsots, sir.' These word* were uttered with much gravity. 'Well — er —of oourso, I am sure I had no wish to make any vulgar observatioa. All thai I meant to say was that, having convinced my self as to the direction in which my love is tend ing, I thought there was no necessity for delay. Delays, dearest, you know are dan gerous.' She was anxiously engaged to looking at the point of her to* and-m tapping it with her parasol She made no answer. ' I've got her,'thought Bodger. ' It's ail right,' thought ahe. The engagement ring glittered in bis fingers*. He took her hand, and met with no rceistanoe. Is there any ecstasy in this world oom pared with that you experience when a nice girl consents to share her fortunes with you for life P I imagine not. Bodger was entirely of the same opinion, half donkey half scamp as he was; and when he had pat the ring on her finger, and enoiroled her waist with his arm, he drew her towards him with the view of imprinting upon her lips that salute whioh is universally allowed to be justifiable under the eireumstanoei. At that moment a voioe resounded through the aorab— 'Fiends! tortures! agony!' The misguided Blogg had followed the lovers* and had drunk in every word. In my earlier years I was made acquainted with a play bearing the cheerful title of 'The Idiot Witness, a tale of blood.' One of the villains in this story—there was a very liberal supply — finding that things were not altogether going to his satisfaction, made use of the terrific expression I have just quoted. Whether Blogg thought that he.was an'idiot witnesi,' or whether he resolved to make 'a tale of blood' of the whole concern, has never been determined to this day. He certainly imitated the disappointed villain in the tragic play. There was a crash of branches, a rip of torn clothing, and Blogg was gone. The after* noon air wafted towards the lovera the ominous worda:— 'Lost! lost! She is his.' AmeKa sat down on the nearest log. ' He has heard every word that has been said.' ' Well, I don't see that it much matter*,' aaid Bodger. 'If he had heard me rejected, I might have felt cut up. Dearest Amelia, it seems to me that you require support.' And Bodger supported his darling, and, re markable to relate, she required support all the way to the picniciog ground, but when they emerged from the buahes whi«h surrounded that ■oeno of oonvirial delight the required no sup* port whatever. 'Look at Blogg,' Mid Tom Hiekey to Malt land. *By jove! if the fellow goee on at this rate we shall have to blacklead him for the take of deoency.' 'He seemi to be very ardent,' said the quiet Maitland. 4 Ardent! ardent epirite oonld not hare a worse effect upon him. The man U mad.* ■ Fresh applications to the hampers did not im* prove the condition of either of the rivals. They met. Blogg scowled. Bodger glared. ' (toiling villain !* exclaimed Blogg. 'Don't cut up rough,'advised Bodger. '• • Murderoui ruffian!' cried Blogg. 'Confounded aie!' retorted Bodger. * Do your worst, wretch i I defy ye !' This was obviously tuxm-tequUur, ■inoeßodger did not want to do anything. He was triumph* ant: why should he quarrel f He had got Amelia, and wanted nothing more (for the moment). He was the Paris of this Iliad, and if Henelaus wanted his Helen back it was his business to get her. Aotuated, by these very just considerations, Bodger remained in a state of inactivity which Blogg mistook for cowardice. The disappointed one advanced with the idea of wringing Bodger'i bom* Bodger knocked him into a hamper of crooiery. A squall arose from the women. The men rushed to separate the rivals and to piok op Blogg. He emerged from his plsee of deposit with his poetical appearance fully developed by the adherence to the seat of his trousers of s> vast quantity of salading. If r. Elijah Bodger had viewed the whole of these proceedings with an aspect of rage begotten mixedly of rum and rumination. He was obviously dissatisfied with the whole of the day's doings > and his sod, who could not help noticing his discontent, was utterly at a loss to aooount for it, Toung Bodger was proud of his achieve* ments, and was absorbed too deeply in love and liquor to listen to any expostulation*. Hence, when his father said to him, • JCiany 1* and ' A nice mess you've made, of \i,* yauqg, Bodger never stayed, to enquire into the origin of such remarks, but simply replied, '• You be hanged!' Amelia caw with regret the rapid advanoe of her aflaaeed into the realms of intoxication, but she charitaMj made allowances, Is was aa out* bgi it was Obriitmse t)sy | add he. had just made aa ofbr. 'These combined M"ywrti of excitement were kindly desmeS a cmleimt ex* eu'se. It fortunately happens In Queensland tlpit the sun is a strict adherent of the carlyejosing ! movement. At this unpleasant conjunction of atfairs that hwtfnary mads bp his mind that he had done work enough—w)ileh was a perfectly correct conclusion, seeing that he had made it one* of the nottcct days of the year. Aooofd* infly, he dipped behind the distant ranges, and went out Uce a wax match dropped iato a waeh< bowL The patty packed thsmsctvesv ar were packed by Mad enquiring Meads, ifltb (he vehicles* Now fata iat gUmawtot laadsoamoi UMSkUi osuru m. Tki lather and eon met the aext morning at breakfast. ' Have you got down the chimney V enquired Bodger senior. ■ 'I never went up It.' 'You tried very hard. Bui what are you' going to take for breakfast V * Brandy and soda' was the prompt reply. •I thought sot' bat the elder gentleman did not say very much. He had a tumbler of pre cisely the same oompound at his own right hand, and he was arduously attacking a single kidney in front of him—the said kidney being waited rfpon by an unusual attendance of cayenne pepper. ' Ton did it nicely, yesterday 1* said Ityan. •Ishould think I did.' ' Charming in the extreme!' 'Yes, I left nothing undone. Bbehas'my ring on her finger, sod it's an engagement.' The patriarch groaned. * Goodness gracious! You don't mean to say that you went as far as that f We are rained entirely.' 'Buined! Why I courted, wooed, and won the girl all in one day, and if that is ruin I should like to know what you term lueoees.' ' You courted the wrong girl, and it appears that you have wooed and won her. My eompli* ments to you 1 You are such a conceited young jackanapes that I could not get a word in with you edgeways. Amelia Hiokey will not have two hundred pounds on her marriage. Hiokey is • decent fellow, but he has six children, and he cannot do much for one. Lucy Keggs is the girl who has the thousand pounds, and jet I could not get you to say a single word to her.' And old Bodger took a very small bite at the kidnej, and a very large bite at the brandy and soda concoctiou. Young Bodger wore all the appearance of the ghost of his grandfather slightly galvanised. *Luoy Keggs! why the wouldn't make a. dooent ehimney*pieee onumeot!' <Bhe would make a very decent wife, and a. very useful one, considering our eboumstanoes.. Her aunt left her the money because tt^U an orphan and without means. Tot oan marry Amelia Hibkey if you like, and starve. We are in for it anyhow*' 'In for whitP' ♦Why, a breach of promUe action. You oannot marry the lady to whom you were so devoted yesterday. And you don't expect that Hiokey will allow you to make a fool of hi* daughter P' Young Bodger indulged in an unpleasant vision of hit appearance in the Supreme Court* and in a •tiU more unpleasant vision of Tom Hiekey's boot toe and stockwhip—for be it known that the hope of the Hiekey family waa at least three atone heavier than the heir of the Bodgera. 'If I oould swallow Lucy Keggs, I think I could manage it/ Mid Braham, after long deliberation. 'All you have to do is to marry her, and then we are right.' Mr. Elijah finished his oorpse reviver, and departed to view a oorpse that was never destined to be revived—the flickering remains of his expiring business. Young Bodger lost no time in oonveying in the most private manner a note into the hands of Luoy Keggs. He oould not, he said, live without bar. He was perishing for the want of her society. Life would be a blank without the plainest pieoe of good* that ever adorned the head of a man's table. Luoy Keggs was a weU'Oonduated girl, but she had never had.* lover before and never expected to have one. This letter put her into a tcemandous flutter of secret excitement. She consented to meet Braham amid the silent nightly regies of South Bris* bane. They met several times t Braham swore ad manner of undiluted hypocrisy, and she responded with everj species of misguided eon- Mttlfttr 'Bat whs* about Amelia!' Mid Lucy on* evening. *Oh! thil H*onjy * (ferfafanM pe* tut* Ho*/ < ' I am Afraid the thinks it's a great deal more.' And soasbody tUs. thought co too, for the vary next day Bodger received a visit from Tom Hiokey. The aspeot of this j<mng gentleman wm by so meaas reajeuriap. SWhit are you up tof* "«tip tof* replied Bodger in*^vague way, seeking to gain time^—^-J^ . ♦ Yee—up to. M/sieter haafring upon her ing**,?** ss*.taj a/Jfet 79" W*> P* .Putting it roughly, my own Drtva^o, opinion is that she had better have had a rope round her neok i but I can't stand by and Me her saado a fool of, all the Maw. You never coma naar her. You show her no attention. That doesn't lot* like honest business.' •The feet is this, my dear Tom t my father's ■fairs are not in a Tory Mtisfaetory slate just at present, and I was rather delicate about pressing Amelia under the eircumttanoss.* * There's something in that. You eu cry off if you like.only do it at onoe. But, if there is any real attaehmont between you and my sister, I don't see why you should. We're not the family to look down upon a fellow because his money affairs are not going all right. 1 But young Bodger thought there vu ooca* sion to cry off, and did do so accordingly. For the next week or so th* solemn darkness of South Brisbane resounded with exolamations of passionate) devotion, and with subdued cries of 'Law!' 'Don't!' and 'Bshave yourself 1' as Mr. Braham Bodger at* tempted to imprint upon the face of ugliness and a thousand pounds substantial assuranoes of his solicitude. She oonsented to be his, but oould not understand the reasons for secrecy. She was pleased enough to get a hus> band; but, like the majority of young ladies wanted it to be 'a square and above-board business.' Braham at length oominoed her on this point* Accordingly one fine morning they were married in the house of Mr. Bodger senior. The old man expressed a strong wish that the affair had been more public. Oiroumstanoes would not permit of it. But he blessed the pair with so much unction that Lucy felt as if she had been married in the presence of a eon* siderabla number of reverential archangels. She wm very happy, and fully resolved to do her duty as a wife. Young Bodger felt aa if be had been swallowing a powerful dose of oaitoroil. Chaptib IV. 'But how about the cubP' said Braham. ' Oh, 1 said Blijab,' it's hers all right enough. We'll ask about it to-morrow. It doem't look decent to ruih the matter.' Luoy skipped out of her father-in-law'a home jnto the January aonligbt in a very delightful frame of mind. The first objede she set her eyes upon were Tom Hiek«y and, hisiather, who j had oome to look after her. ', • Thie it a great game I 1 said Ton, uatf-rpht ting with laughter. JJBiptop!' said the father, Luoy danced up to them, aad showed, h«r marriage ring with much pride. Bhe made her excuses for marrying privately. Her husband and his father had insisted upon it. 'No apologies are needed,' said the father with a grim grin. 'It wouldn't do to dioap* point them. Hare you got your marriage oer* tifioate ?' ' Yes, it is in my pocket.' Tom Hiekey had all this time been leaning against a post with half of hb handkerchief atuffed into his mouth. At last he found an opportunity to exolaim— ' Where's the bridegroom P' . ' There he is t * and eho pointed to * young gentleman with the petrified sir of a mastodon, standing on the steps leading to his father's house. 'Hullo! Bodger, come along! You didn't treat my sister very well, but you here done the right thing with Luoy and no mistake. We must shout • bottle of As* orer this business.* And he led the way to a leading Brisbane hotel. Bodger followed in a fluctuating mood and a doubtful spirit. ' Hore's long life and happiness,' oried young Hiokey, wiping the tears away from bis eyes. * Let me congratulate you upon the possession of a good girl like Lucy.' 1 Well,' said Brabam, who by this time had got a miigiving,«l hope there wiß be ne dtft- • eolty about the cash;' • Not the slightest,' said young Hiekey with; another laugh. •If yon went fire powskb to go on with you can always hate it.' > ■ •Firt pounds! Whet has become of JWs thousand P' • She neter had a sDrer tiipenee in the whole csurse of her existence. The thousand pounds waalaft to Amelia, and I'm Jelly glad it is not UkelT to fail into yoar haada, fob geJag to marrr Harry Maidand, and I daresay the money v wol be used for good purposes. Kak* (fee besfc of your bargain.' And with these word* Tom Hickey intssvd bis champagne and Ml the room, fotfowtd by hie father. Bodger remained gbvfag at kit bride in much the spirit in vtiea Mlehaal Angela would hare oontemptatod a vttage tfgatoard, and feeling about as taatfMft* as i'WW on a» Aretio glaeiajr. ".'.'."", t • Then your stunt did not leave ism iiTs—ei "%iu&r; -• • ;^j- '•• • • 'N-noflr*pW^ p*t gift "fTno sal* . she did f \ •that (naUiutiaaays) eM ast sail *•» dfi,t thought Bodger t but he did not tstifcf art tot of the bag. •I was informed that you \tni a Itisamnt pounds.' ' '■ " : "'• ; •••• •■ ••'t ■. •Oh! dear, no. I never knew you 7tltoto|h| about such • thing. Tew told meyoulored me. What could Ido but believe you t Nobody dee evtr said so. If you will lew* me a little I will make you a good wife.* '• • ' What could Bodger say to tbUP He did not attempt to say anything. He had been a fool, but essentially one of hb own making. The article was striotly of home manufacture. She kept her word, and made a good wile; During the vicissitudes of recent years she has kept Braham. Bodger's fortunes from attar ruin, and developed to the full whatever of good there wae in the composition of a young gentle man who, without this wifely development, would probably never have dupbyed any good whatever. In time he learned to overlook hep ugliness and to forget her thousand pounds,. This is another demonstration of the eternal truth that, though beauty dies early and cash disappears mysteriously, virtue endures for eve*. Amelia married Harry Maitland. She never regretted this step. Blogg made three separate attempt* at a proposal, but never got much further than ' Oh thoui' When Amelia married he went into Woogaroo for a short psriod of enforced retire* ment. His best friends said he wsb much wiser inside than outside. Not a spark of poetio fervor, of poetic temperament, or of poetic ' soul remained with him in that establishment. He began his career there in the sensible ocou pation of turning a mangle, and he ended hb career in turning a latbe. When he came out he married a widow whose husband had been accommodating enough to leave her in posset* sion of youth, good looks, and a publiehouse. Blogg looked after hb bar like a hero, and was never known to iay * Caitiff!' or ' Til unmask je!' to any customer. So ended young Bodger's Chrbtmae of 1877. He had put himself between two stools, and bad fallci). Great was the Tall thereof. The credi tors of Mr. Elijah Bodger, not finding the * rradj ' cumiug forth, were very ready in forth* coming. He became bankrupt, and bb seat in the Assembly knew him no more. Ho tried on TiriwM ntmdmt to get in -again, bat urn succeeded. A oommittee of leadinf local poli tioiane onof met him. They admitted that ha retained hit qualification of being a little addiotcd to liquor, and had rather improved npon it. Hie bankruptcies were also dwelt upoa with much feeling, aaioonting at times to profoand emotion i bat he was deemed to be no longer an ardent patriot. What had he done for the constituency he laat represented P He had only Moored thtrty.flve pounds for a public piggery. Wae that ardent patriotiem P Wai it patriotism of any kind P The oommittee un hesitatingly decided that it wae not; and Bodget eenior remained alone with hie liquor •nd hb eleven pence halfpenny in the poand. The qaeetion of whether honeity b the beet policy baa been disputed by various casuists. I have neither tine nor epaoe to enter into their argument*. Snffioa Uto record that one branch of the maxim hat never been disputed—honesty it the beet policy in love. 