SOUTH MELBOURNE AMATEUR DRAMATIC CLUB. THE first annual meeting of tbo above club look placo at tbe Albert Hall, Bovan Street, on Wednesday 2nd iust, Mr. Absou in tbe chair. Tbo honorary secretary read the report for tbo past year, which shoved that tho club had achieved considerable success, both in performances and in promoting a social feeling amongst its members. During tho twelve months the club gavo-four performance;, tho first toot placo at tho Mechanics' Institute, on the 18th June, and consisted of tlie comedy of " Tiine Tries All," and tho farco of " Should -This.Meot. tlio Eye," which taking into con* sideration tho want of accommodation, and stage effects, proved very successful, invita tion tickets for this entertainment were issued to most of the leading residents on tho Hill The second, and first public performance took place on tho 5th Sept., also at the Mechanics' Iustitute, for tho benefit of tho local Ladies Benevolent Society, the pieces chosen for representation were Messrs. Cunningham and Bridgcman's sparkling comedy in three acts, entitled, " Shipmates," and tho farce of " Tho Omnibus," which proved a great success, aud netted for tho charity £11 10s., which amount was handed over to tho Bocicly and duly acknowledged. Great praiso is duo to tho .lady amateurs taking part; this was the first time in Victoria that " Shipmates" had been .produced; and from tho favorable criticisms of tbo press, the-club may bo complimented at tho result. In consequouco of the success of" Shipmates," the Australian Musical and Dramatic Authors Association, waited on the committee, asking them to repeat tho perform ances ut tho Academy of Musio Molbourne, for tho benefit of that association; which the club dccidod to do as tho charity was con sidered a worthy one, and on the 22nd Nov. the performance took place, Mr. Aarous hav ing kindly placed his theatre at the disposal 0f the charity freo of charge; tho press were unanimous in praising tho performances of the different members taking part, especially tho ladiosi who, being amateurs wero placed at a very great disadvantage on the boards of a Metropolitan theatre for the first timo; all taking part received a very handsome illumi nated testimonial for their services, but tbe management cannot bo complimented on their treatment of the members oa that occasion, not so muih a3 a drop of water being provided to wash with, tho association benefitted to the extent of from £70 to -SSO. On the 23rd Jan. tho fourth performance of the club took place at Mcndes" Academy of Music, Coventry street, when a largo bill was presented, viz. Tho sparkling vaudeville, "The Loan of n Lover," tlie comedy of " A Husband to Ordor," and tho farce of " The Irish Tigor," which resulted in a very small profit, all the tickets are not yet accounted for. Tho amouut of £2 2s. was handed ovor to the Argils, being the club's subscription towards tho Anthony Fund, and was duly acknowledged. Arrange ments wero mado with Mr. Buekliurst for tho liiro of his Hall in Bevan-street every Tuesday evening, for the purposes of rehearsals and meetings and on that evening throughout the year the club meets for these purposes. Dur ing the past year tho club hold three social ovenings termed conversaziones, which proved most successful, and tend in tho greatest measure to create a feeling of sociability amongst the members, which is most desirable in a club of this, description, the admission was by invitation. Thero is in rehearsal at present tho comedy of " Playing with Fire " and the amusing farce of "Lend nie Five Shillings," the dale of which is fixed for the loth May, at Jlendca' Academy of Mutic. Tho treasurer presented his balance- sheet which showed the amount of £15 Mi. 10d. to the credit of tho club. Iu conclusion tho retiring committee would recommend that a conversaziono be held once a month iu con nection with the club, and would pass a special vote of thanks to the lady members of the club who had so materially assisted by their ability, in making tho club tho success it is. Tho following gentlemen were then elected as ofllco-bearers for the ensuing year :-Proaidont, Andrew Lycll, Esq., M.L.A. (re-electod); .vice-presidents, His Hon.* Judge Copo, Dr. /Win;"''Barker';' lion.-'manager, : Sir. Arthur Ooppin j hori. treasurer, Mr. John Chapman ; hon. secretary, Mr. Archibald Knight-com mittee- Messrs. F. Abson, C. H. Creswell, F..Lang, 0. Baker and T. Swallow.. The best thanks of the club are given to tho members of Iho B. H. Artillery Band, who kindly gave their gratuilous serves on each occasion to form au orchestra.' under tfco conductorship of Mr Adam Clerltc. , G.ilhcr up tlio fragraments. Ia 'every human life there arc sure to be somo. Every ono of us as a secret chamber. somewhere, filled with inhabitants whom nouo but him self can see; it rests with himself nloiio whether they shall bo decaying corpses, or only beautiful ghosts , . '? Awfully awful.-Somebody calls Swinburne ? a poetical volcano.' Probably because he's a verse-afire. Tolling.-Two Bisters-twins-have to be told everything together, because they aro so exactly alike they can't ba told apart. ? What bees are sweeter than, lionoy bees? The ba-bies. 