SOCIAL SKETCHES) and / I NT ERE ST I N QC HIT :.C HAi. "1 Et Dadv ; Contributors. ' '< i -'_ Wednesday, afternoon. . ' One of too moat ssnaibloaiid practical booka . , I havo bad tho pleasure of seeing for somo time, was put into my hands this afternoon, ' bearing for title, " On the Art of Dress," by MraHaweis. Being somewhat pressed for - . . ' timo, I could only elanoe , through it . rattinr hastily; bnt even that cursory vlow told me it wos a work much needed in those days. Witii one remark among many others in the chapter headed, "On Taste in Dress," I heartily agreed.. — " that the milliner should not think for her' customer, but that each woman should choose what material, color and form best suits her, and that until Englishwomen—" and I might- : odd colonial ones also — "havo the oourags . and good sense to do this, so long shall we , retain our present unenviable reputation of being, in the estimation of most continental " ladies, (French ones especially), almost entirely without real taste in the art of -dross. " I often wonder at the uttor want of good combination displayed in some of the costumes to be seen in the streets, and even Bhop- uindows. As a case in point, I saw this afternoon a dress of black materiul— satin-cloth, I think — most elaborately em broidered in satin-stiteb of yellow and black; tho jacket was piped and slashed with satin of the former color, and tho back ' drapery and train trimmed in the same man ner. Now, black ond yellow go admirably to gether ; but the materials used were not in? harmony. On black tulle, or oven silk, the trimmings would have been charming, but they were, to my taste, quitB out of place on a- thick material such as I have mentioned. Another very good chapter wos on "Cheap Drees." It is not everyone who con. afford rich and expensive attire, and I havo no doubt but that many of my readers, who will, I hope, without an exception, buy the little book to which I am alluding, will find in it much that is of real help to them. Speaking of the amount of cheap jewellery and laee worn in these days, the authoress mentions aB a proof of the much greater care shown towards tiicir various pos sessions by ladies in former times than is seen now, that in a painting of Henrietta Maria of England, on view this year in the exhibition of works by the old raaatves at Burlington House, the beautiful lace worn by the Queen is covered over with an outer cuff of muslin, so fine, that the exqui- ite fabric underneath was plainly visible. This anec dote explains the mystery of how so much benutiful old lnco has been handed down through many generations, and can yet be seen, only slightly touched by the wasting hand of Time. I cordially oommend Mrs Ilawels's "Art of Dress " to womeu in all classes of our society. There will be many happier homes amongst us if her advice on several points be followed. Amongst the number, that of avoiding unnecessary and useless additions to dress, in which, I am Burr, the "hip pockets," which really give one the idea that tbey have been kindly iiv. vented for the special benefit of pickpockets, may certainly bo well included. Most women, I think, are lovers of pritty china, _ and a Eet I eaw to-day in a shop window merited all the ad miration that was so freely bestowed on it. The prevailing color was a deep, rioh royal blue, relieved by pure white and gold. The set, or rather that portion of it that was displayed, consisted morely of two cups and saucers, tea-pot, cream-jug, and sugar-bowl, the (latter of a quaint rouud shape, that showed off the pattern very well. It was Dresden china, and made one think how beautifully it would adorn a tetea-leti five o' clock tea table. Some lover of chfna, with a long purse, will, I doubt not, soon carry it away from its present resting place. I think those young ladies in .Melbourne who still wear that favorite, though singu larly ugly arrangement of hair, called a "fringe," will do well to discard it ; for I read in an English paper, that advertise ments for servants often contain a speoial notico that good wages will be giveD, provided the applicants "wear their nair without a . fringe.'1 Surely this will bs the death-blow to a fashion eo unbeooming, that even some of our prettiest faces here lose all claim to that title u nsn wearing it. . One of t he latest novelties, I Ae, in America, is having what_ are termed " Ghost Balls." The pertormers in these reunions are dresied in white, with niasks, and the chief amusement seems to consist in trying to mystify one an other. I think it is more tad than laugh able to know that intelligent pe -pie can find any phasure in such worse than childish oou'.ense. Reading about them .brought to my remembrance some accounts Ihave seen of I French bulls, During tlio Revolution, a sort I of club was started, the members of whiclx could attend a series of parties known by tha name of " guillotine halls," No one tvas per mitted to join this club, or these parties, but tlioee who had had tile misfortune to loso a una relative bv the instrument which gave its nana to the balls ; they were also obliged to wear a head-dress of a peculiar shape and blood-red. "hue 8s_a kind of party-badge. The moat ex traordinary part of the account, to me, is that these balls becoming, even in that "Reign of Terror," a fashion, people were actually anxious to be able to say that they were qualified to join the Guillotine Club, So much for tho lengths to which that tyrant, Fashion, has sometimes induced her admirers to fellow her. The other balls to which I hove alluded took place at a time when cholera was raging in many ports of Franco ; and the Parisians, who, much as I like them for their kindness and gracious manner, would, I really believe, turn the most terrible national affliction into some pretext for dancing, sooner than not dance at all, instituted some reunions, which were celled by the shocking name of " cholera Lulls they were, in fact, masked balls, with a King Cholera and bis queen to open them. The king's dress was made in imitation of a skeleton, and he wore a death's- head mask, Ccitaiuly, when one reads of sueh things, the ghost halls seem har'mlcis ab surdities by contrast. The English papers tell us that the love of . flowers, for dress decoration, is still on the in crease- tlio blue-green color; which is coming eo much into vogue for fair or golden-haired women, has aUo brought yellow blossoms into great request. Butter cups, tho common marigold, golden calccolariae, and even small tulips of tbot shade are greatly worn, and the effect is said to bo very good. Talking of flowers, I rvondor people who have no garden, or who live ill town, do not adopt a very easy and extremely pretty way of imitating ferns. I hod often heard of it, and tried it during this winter, when my room looked very triste for the want of its usual adornment-flowers. Tlie result was so successful that I name the plan new, though doubtless many of my readers have often tried it. Tho top of a vory fine carrot is cut off, not too close, and moBt of the leaves taken away, only the ve.';y small ones being left ; it is then placed in a glass or narrow- mouthed vase, filled with water. In a few days it will throw out fibres, and tlio leaves which shoot up, will be as graceful and deli- cato as those of a fern. A short timo ago I saw the luncheon table of a lady, who has great Horal taste, moat prettily decorated with white camellias, narciesus and .small carrot leaves; the effect was just aa good as if ferns had been used, with tho greater ad vantago of . being much moro easily attained in all seasons of the year, and wherever ehe resided. If any of my lady readers wish to do a very kind deed, and at the tame time pass some pleasant morning hours, they cannot do better than take a basket of the lovely spring blotsoms now io abundant to the Flower-mission meeting, which, is held every Wcdnesdayniorning. Eleven to 12 is, I think, the hour for arranging the bouquets, but that could be learnt by inquiring at the Young Women's Christian Association la Collins street east, as tho room where the floviers are made npfor tho eick is jnst opposite to it. Tho amount of good these bouquets do is almost incalculable; and those who have gardens oould bestow very great pleasure on many a weary sufferer, and gain much satisfac tion themselves, by remembering each Wed nesday morning to send or take blossoms to the ladies connected with tlio Flower-mis sion. I lenrnt, some t ime ago, of a very pretty method of making ornamental boskets for plants or cut flowers. Ail ordinary basket, only of a graceful shopc, and open pattern, is covered with a varnish made of black and red ecnling.wax — a stick of each being melted in strong spirits of wine. When quite dry, some gold tissue- paper is cut into thin strips, and wound core- fully in and nut, following tho pattern of the basket. I his is the most difficult part ; as, if the strips are too heavy, or too closoly wound, the effect, _ which ought to bo very geod, is quite rpoilod. Filled with well-contrasted flowers and leaves, or gracefully-trained plants, these baskets form a great addition to the., charm of any ropin, The Royal Colonial Institute torivcriaiionc at the South Kensington Museum, appears to have been a great . success. Not the least admired amongst the art- treasures were some of Mr N. Chevalier's beautiful water-color drawinm of New Zealand scenery, whose owners kindly lent them to that very clever artist ( for that occasion. I seo that Mr Oho- valier's name is amongst tho long list of artists .-wnding paintings to tho (.Sydney Exhibition: 300 pictures of groat value being dispatched from England alone. It seemed a great mis- Jake on the pnrt of the managing council not To have invited the Prince of Wales, who, with the Princess, was at the toiivcrscuiiottc, to walk round the rooms. It would have grati fied the great number of our fellow- colonists who were present, and the Prince's well-known affability would cer tainly have induced him to mako some rc- naarhspleasing to hisRoyal mother's Australian subjects, not only those who were at the In stitute's grand meeting, but the thousands out here who, though far away, still hail with eagerness any news from the old country. It is very seldom that one hoars)Jof music being employed as a means to capture a mur derer, but the papers tell of a man brought to justice by his great love for the airs of his native country- Some months since, a piper in Highland costume arrived nt Pittston, Pennsylvania, and remained there several cays, playing in the streets, and out side the public-houses. The stranger's unusual dress, and peculiar music, naturally exoited great curiosity, and many people followed him to listen to the bagpipes. One day, whilst playing, he approached a bystander ; and, to the surprise of all around, arrested him for murder. The apparently harmless piper was, in very truth, a detective from Scotland in search of his prisoner. Por months the man had been wandering through the coal regions amongst the miners, and in villages and cities, sure that in time the old well-remembered High land air3 would attract the murderer into his presence. How little his mother, proud, per haps, of her eon's childish love for music, ever thought that one day that very love would be used as a menus of bringing him to a violent, though probably deserved end H.A.U. 