V.—RELIGIOUS. CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The annual session of the Church of England was commenced on Tuesday, May 13. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide administered the Holy Sacrament in St. Peter's Cathedral to about 30 clergymen and the same number of laity. The Autbemwastaken from Psalms mi. TheKyrie and the offertory sentences by Burnaby were also given. Canons .Coombs and Fair and Dr. Dendy also took put in the service. Mr. Bolt, the organist of the Cathedral, presided at the instrument. At the conclusion of the Sacramental service, the Lord Bishop delivered • Pastoral Address. The business meeting was held iv the Church Office, Leigh-street, subsequently. There was a large attendance of clergymen and congre gational representatiret to the Synod. The Lord Bishop presided. BLBCIIOX COMMITTBE'a REPORT. The Secretary (Mr. H. S. Anthony) read the report of the Election Committee as follows:— *• Your Committee having considered a memo rial which has been received from St. Peter's, WiUiamstown, requesting to be recognised as part of a united parish and represented iv Synod, cannot recommend that the request be complied with, on the grounds that the require ments of Fundamental Provision JCo. 14 have not been satisfied in the following particulars: —lbt. The trusts of the Church have not been declared, although the certificate of title is in the name of the Synod. 2nd. The amount of stipend paid to the incumbent, viz., £37 10s., is not a reasonable proportion of au income. They recommend Synod forthwith to declare the trusts undtr which it holds St. Peter's Wil liamstown. They reoommeLd that the amount of 'the reasonable income.' as required by Fundamental Provision No. 14, be from time to time denned by Synod. They report that the resolution of Synod contained in Minute 61 of 1877 has worked satisfactorily, but in order te make it accord with Regulation No. <?, denning the duties of the Election Com mittee, they recommend that it be amended to read as follows:—' That, under the direction of the Election Committee, due notice be sent by the Secretary of Synod to each vestry annually of the number of representatives it is entitled to elect for Synod.' Tour Committee having notified to the Wardens of St. Judo's, Brighton, that they were only entitled to return one Syuodsman, received an appeal against their decision. In 1874 and 1575 St. Juries re turned two Bynodsmun. Iv the latter year it was united with St. Mary's, South road, aud Christ Church. O'Halloran Hill, and has returned one representative only up to the present time. After carefully considering the precedent in the matter of All Saints', Hind uanb, and St. Margaret's, WwdYiUe* in the year 1877, your Committee are of opinion that St. J tide's, Brighton, can only return two repre sentatives by express permission of Synod, on showing that it is an independent pariah pro viding a reasonable ioeome to ita minister. No certificates of election of Synodsmen have boem received from Holy Trisity, Adelaide; St. Jnde's. Tort Elliot; St. John's, M*ccle*field; St. Mary's. Echunga; Holy Evangelists', Gooiwa; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch; and Holy- Trinity, Melrose." SITfODAJ, BOLL. The following list shows the canstitatiott of tfce Synod:— Tbe Bight Ber. the Lord Bishop. Holy TrinityGhurch, Adelaide—Bev.fiichard son Keid, Dr. Gosse, Dr. Mayo, Means. W. H. Holmes, and W. D. Holmes. Cbrutchnrch, North Adelaide —Archdeacon Marryat. and Messrs. J.^Bath,.!). GarUck,S. Smith, and J. Barker. St. Luke's Adelaide—Bar. James Pollitt.attd Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, L. G. Hadley. S. Higgs,and A. Clark. St. Paul's, Adelaide—Dean Bnssell, an< Messrs. J. C. Bray, B. M- Smith, and H. S. Anthony. St. Paul's. Port Adelaide—Ber. S. Green, and Messrs. H. H. Thomas and A. Jones. St. John's. Adelaide— Her. F. S. Poole. end Mears. T. W. Boacb, J. White, and F. H. Carter. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Her. W. B. Andrews, and Messrs. J. E. Moulden, J. C. B. Moucritff, and B. Taylor. St. Margaret's, Woodvflle—Eer. Dr.Demdr, and Mr. G. A. Connor. St. Andrew's, WalkervOle—Archdeacon Dor?, and Messrs. C. C. Cornish and J. M. Thomas. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Her. B. Jenkin*. and Messrs. W. B. Hull and G. A. Wilson. St. George's, Woodforde—Bev. A. Honnar. and Mr. S. V. Pizey. ; Bt. Michael's, Milchau—Ber. 3. F. Hocter, and Mr. B. Hick?on. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Ber. W. SL Mudie, and Messrs. J. H. Wiiss. and O. L. Meyer,jun. St. Mary's, Sooth-road—Eer. W.G. Bobinsom and Dr. Forster. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. W. G. Bobinscn and Mr. T. S. Porter. St. Peter's, Glenelg—Bev. T. Field and Mr. W. S. Douglas. St. Stephen's, Willunga—Kev. E. Miller and Mr. A. Spence. St. George's Gawlcr—Eev. Canon Coombs, acd Messrs. T. O. Junes and J. Thomley. Christchnrch, Kapuuda—Kev. J. M. Donald ton. and Messrs W. Bariow and W. D. Scott. St Mary's, Burra—Mr. F. A. Grant. St. Juhu's, Mount Pleasamt—£er. B. W. Hol.^en. St. Peter's, Bobe—Mr. J. Hendersoa. CLristcburch, Mount Gambler—Messrs. E. P. Grundy and F. Halcomb. _ CLristcburch, Yaukalilla—Eer. C. W. Moras. St. John's, Macclesford—Rev. H. Beris. St. Mery's, Echonga—Bev. H. Bevis. Holy Trinity, Biverton—Kev. J. Houghtom and Mr. J. Bosworth. St. James's, Glenburn—Mr. J. Lord. St. Michael's, Bongatee—Ber. B. B. W«bb and Mr.G. W. Hawkes. 6t. Barnabas, Clare—Ber. B. B. WebV. St. John's, Aubrtrn—Bev. C. W. H?wkia?, | and Messrs. J. W. Castine and J. S. Anthony. St. Mary's, WaUaroo—Ber. C. G. Xaplinanl Mr.G. W.Sillifant. St. Martin's, Campbelttown — Mr. H. K. Downer. St. Jade's, Brighton—Ber. H. Williams and Mr. H. Dutton, Holy Trinity.Lyndoch-Kev. A. Sells. St Augustine's, Port Augusta—Mr. T. C PleydeU. The following clergy also hold the licence of the Bit-hop, and are on tbe roll:—Hers. F. Williams, J. C. Haynes, J. Orchard (deacon), C. C. Elcum, J. H. Corran, and \Y. B. Stanford. Archdeacon Marryatt moved the adoption of the roll and tbat the report be received. Mr. H. S. Anthony seconded the motion, which was carried. Apologies far unavoidable absence ■ were received from the Beys. H. M. Pollitt, H. Howitt, E. T. Howell, and W. F. Marshall. After the roll had been called the Lord Biship appointed the Hey. C C Kicum reporter, tho S. Green clerical secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes lay secretary to Synod daring the ; session. ELECTION COSTMITTEB. | The following gentlemen were constituted as I Election Committee —Archdeacon Marryatt, Dr. I Dendy. Eev. S. Green, and Messrs. E. B.Grondy | and A. Spence. APFEALS. An appeal was received from St Peter* Church, WiUtamstowo, against tbe dectsio? off tbe Election Committee. The Ber. A. Skixs proposed that the WUliamstown parish bo added to the roll of thoee parishes entitled to eend 'representatives to Synod. Mr Wbbb seconded the;motion. The Ber. S. Gbbbs ob served that there were two questions involved iin the proposition, vit, the reasonableness |of the salary offered to the clergyman bj the church and the declaration of the trusts. The certificate of title was in tbe bands of the | Synod, but it was not understood that it was the work of the Synod to declare on their trusts. St. Peter's Church most do two tilings. It most ask for the declaration of the trusts, and! show that ? reasonable income or ? reasonable part of an income had been provided for their minister. Last year eolf £37105. had been paid! [ by this which was one of three churches to tnetc 1 clergyman. Tbe letter containing theappeslamid! the sum raised was what was required by the Bishop. With all due respect to His Lordship there was a difference of action between His Lordship and the Synod. Before a Church could take part in tbe government of the fljftffftftf? in temporalities it must contribute a fair. I amount as income to the clergyman. It was • matter for the consideration of the Synod what was a fair salary or a fair part of a salary to the clergyman. The Ber. A. Sells, replying to Mr. Green,explained the reason of the smaUnew of the salary contributed by the churches con nected with St. Peter's mentioned in the report of the Election Committee. Archdeacon Mabsvat proposed as an amendment that the discussion be postponed until resolution 17, | defining the reasonable income to be paid to a i c!ergyman,was settled by Synod. Mr.Axrsoirr 1 seconded the amendment, which was carried. Mr. H. DcTTOKjmeved,an,dthe Bey. Habteet Williams seconded, that St. Jude's Chsrch, Brighton, be allowed to send a second repre sentative to Synod. Theapplication was based upon the fact that the parish was entitled to send two Synodsmen to Synod before it was amalgamated with another. As tbe two Churches bad subsequently separated, St. Jude'a claim its former privilege. Considerable dis cussion ensued on the application, and the Ber. IT. G. Bo?orsoir mored as an amendment, sad Dr. Fosthb seconded— M That the matter stand over and be dealt with similarly to the preced ing application." The ta-tmim—mt: was lostand the original moikm was than pot and carried. KBFOBT OX BTA.TS) OF DIOCB3E. i The Bishop's report was read «s follow* :— So rapid and often unexpected are the change* which occur in the young life of a colony that even a twelvemonth's absence comprehends | within its brief space considerable and im i portant alterations. We miss old familiar faces, and we are introduced to new circamstances and new conditions of our social existence. Even in Church life, so fixed and staid in the mother country, sudden vicissitudes in ibis diocese have occurred, which, atartUng at the* moment, have BCarcely yet subsided into obli- I vion, and can hardly fail still [to give pain to : thoee who were unwillingly mixed up with ; them. Happily for myself I was delivered from being an eye-witness of the events which for & time caused a breach in tbe walls of our Zion. Among those who have departed from among us* I must mention the kind and gentle spirit of the Ber. Octavius Hammond, who sank quietly into a peaceful grave through gradual bodily decay. He was a man of considerable, skill in surgery, and of cultivated taste in art. The son of a respected rector in TJngiimil, he recalled many of the features of that excellent class oE men; grave, well learned, thoughtful, sound in doctrine, and exemplary in life, who impart the moral tone to village life, and are truly spiritual fathers to young and old; loved and respected by those who attended on his ministry; dear to tfae simple-minded natives of Poonindie, his latter years were useful and happy. His end was peace, and it should be mentioned as a testimony to his real worth that the inmates of the FooainJie institution have subscribed liberally to erect a manuiaeat to his memory. The cure of Mitcaam having also becoma vacant the Jlev. F. Hocter accepted the incum bency, and at Mou?t Gambier was succeeded bj the Key Dr. Craig, who formerly, as missionary, had done good service in various of our rural districts, supplying services, organising congre gations, directing and encouraging Sonday bchools and their teachers, improving the musio and furniture of the many churches. After a> long absence he returns to the diocese in au. isolated cure, where a priest of experience is especially needed. St. Mary's, on the South-road, with O'Hallorart Bill Church, has been acceptably occupied by the Bey. W. Kobinson, T.C.D., whose health at present is cot overtaxed by that cure, relieve! as it now is from tbe township of Brighton. The latter congregation has fallen once more under the care of its former pastor, tbe Bey. Hartley Williams, Ber. Mr. Baoh has found ewploj m?\ IB tb.9 dJWese, q£ TjwoMti*, These changes, caused by death and other circumstances of no pleasing character, mast need? have caused much anxiety and infinite trouble to the Vicar-General, Dean Russell. In my ows, and I trust in your name, I tender him hearty thanks for the arrangements he succeeded in carrying through. There was no one, how ever, to replace Dr. Hammond at Port Lincoln,; and tbe cure of St. Thomas's, with the mission to the West Coast as well as the shores of Spencer's Gulf, still remained unfilled. Fortu nately for the spiritual wants of the diocese the Kep. G. II Farr placed bis services at the disposal of the Vicar-General for missionary work and the supply of vacant churches. I regard that Mission Chaplaincy and the visita tion tour which Mr. Farraccomplished as bjth of exceeding value. The Chaplaincy I trust from henceforth will form part of our standing diocesan organization. The visitation tour is already producing increased animation, and the desire among the members of the Church of England both in the South-East aul Port liuooln districts to supply themselves with the ministry of grace. During my stay in England, looking to tho spiritual wants of this extensive aud spirjely peopled colony in its agricultural area?, Iv? successful in securing the services of three additional clergymen—the Rev. O. C. Eicam, priest, and two deacous, who were orlaiued at my recommendation by the BWhup of Chester, Bey. RP. Dodd,and Hey. W. Orchard. B.en this addition to our clergy, besides that of Dr. Craig and tbe Rev. G. H. Farr (uon- ministering in tlie Dew Semaphore Church), i* still insuffi cient for the growing wants of our pc >p'e. To Port Lincoln.as being most ia need. I hive ■ent Mr. Orchard, though only in deiejn's orders, because for ten years at Cheidlc he was a minister and preacher, well estsemed among the Ooagregatioaaasts. He liii rcjetrcu1 the strongest testimonials frt:n the Rector of Asbby-de-la Zasch snd ot'j _>r clergyman of our Church, aud was reeoaimoa le.l t> my notice by the Organizing Secretary of the 5 xTiety for the Propagation of tli,, G jspel. Active,ifalous, and in the vigor of msnlir :<', he is capable of much mission work; while by the ministry of the "Word he is well calculated to casher into the fold tbe dispersed and scattered sheep. Mr. Dotld was despatched by the Vicar- General to Jamestown, and has made a very favorable commencement of his ministry, which comprises Caltowie on the west. Belalic and Yo?gsla on the cast, as well as Mauuanarie aad Orroroo to tbe north. Melrose, "Wilmington, Qinrn, and the more Northern townships and stations are still with out tegular pastoral visitation, although iv the early part of tbe year the Archdeicou of Flinders travelled as far as Port Augusta aud Quorn, encouraging and strengthening all to whom he ministered to continue steadfast in the faith and worship. I should be unjust if in this connection I were to omit mention of the able missionary organizing tour which Archdeacon M&rryat; accomplished in the South-East, at a time when the contemplated removal of Mr. Hocter from Mount Gambler to Mitckam seemed to leave that portion of the diccese in hopeless and irremediable destitution. He, however, suc ceeded in arranging a schema of missionary services to be supplied by the Rev. ~\Y. Bwell at Rebe, Millicent, Penola, Narracoarte, aud Kingston, ia snecession; who I am happy to report, though a young deacon, has secured the respect and regard of those among whsm he ministers. The visit of Mr. Farr, following shortly after, supplied by the administration of the lord's Supper in those Churches the lack of that essential ordinance. This mission, however, needs strengthening by the addition of a priest, who will I believe arrive among us fro3i Tas mania—the Rev. H. Hughes— at the beginning of Jnly. In tbe meantime I bops to sea i some clergyman in priest's orders round tbe district. The supply of a. new congregation formeJ at Two Wells end a monthly visit to Maitland. Ardrossan, and Kilkerran make large deman-U on Uie time and energy of my domestic and missionary chaplain, the Key. C. E.cam. A great calamity also has befallen tbe colony, and our own Church in its degree, in the partial ■nspenson of work at the Moatita and Wallaroo Mines. The Church at Mosnta can no longer TTnintein a minister and pay the interest on its debt. The core was vacated by Mr. Corran. and baa provisionally been placed under its former pastor, the Key. C. G. Taplin. Meanwhile Maitland, Ardrossan. and Kilkerrau have list their regular visit from tbe pastor of M joata. Mr. Corvan, who has succeeded to the mission core of Laura, with Gladstone and Geargeto~u southwards and Wirrabarra and Charlton to tlie north. It will be seen from this rapid survey of the diccesc that oar Church, in spite of depression and difficulty, has not receded from the po-t-; she has taken op. Inadequately ocenpiei, indeed, for lack of clergy in full orders of priesthood, still her services are ministered bom Mount Gambler to Streaky Biy, and from Beltana by Port A'igusti to South Torke's Peninsala; at Elith burg, Stausbory, Torketown, Minlaton, Diamond Lake by the Rev. W. Marshall; in Kangaroo Island by the Ber. C. Morse ; also at Cape Jervis, Glenburn, and Meoiugie, back along the Biver Murray at Wilmington, too, ml Morgan, B«vb. S. Bevis and Donaldson (from Strathalbyn and Kapunda) hold occasioaal services. It only needs indeed a gojd supply of active missionary clergy to extend tbe ministra tions of the Church of England through the length and breadth of the land. They should fee " sons of consolation, full of faith and the Holy Ghost." Bat if we are to be blessed with ■ach a ministry they must be relieved from the heart-wearing cares of narrow and insufficient stipends. The laborer is worthy of his hire. I must sorrowfully confess he does not get it on tbe voluntary principle in the rural districts. The origin and need of the mendicant orders of preaching Friars in the Mediaeval Church is abundantly illustrated among the scattered farming population of this great colony. I know not how their spiritual wants are to be met, except by sending "brothers" two and two, who from certain centres shall erangelize the neighboring districts. AaA here we are compelled to face tbe ques tion of parochial incumbencies and mission cares. I would not indeed place them in antagonism, but regard the oue as preparatory, the other as subsequent and supplemental. The history of the Society for the Propagation of tbe Gospel is the embodiment of this idea. In 1703 it was incorporated by King William yrf as the Missionary Society for the i'Jaut&uons; and Settlements in America. Head the earlier accounts of its labors in Georgia, Carolina, Vir ginia, Pennsylvania, or the northern New England States, and you will see the spiritual condition of countries large as this, but by no means so well with clergy as this caloay at tie dose of the first generation of its EettUx*. The great Church of the United States, with its sixty Bishops, as well as the dioceses under the Metropolitan of Montreal, ewe their present existence to the missionaries sent out by the Society for the Propagation of the (J ospel. This diocese was founded under the same a Jspices : its first clergymen were five in number, three of whom—viz., Beaumont, Farrell, aud Wooicock —came out under the auspices of that Society. Xhe property in Leigh-street was given to it for the missionary settlement of this colony. It so continues. But the need of a continuous supply of clergy from England had also forcibly struck the mind of that far-seeing and able colonist, W.Browne, Esq. Accordingly he set on foot the Church of England Endowment Society for two great purposes—one the improvement of tbe income of parochial incumbents through endowments; the other, increasing the number of missionary clergy from England. That So ciety has accordingly supplied passage-money and guaranteed an income for two years at least to fresh clergy, aud to it we owe the accession of the Bev?. Messrs. Dendy, Elcum, Dodd, aud Orchard. Looking, then, to the enormous area now occupied by agricultural settlers, the numerous townships which are springing np, as well as the interior pastoral districts recently occupied from Euda round by the Gawler Saoges to Lakes Gardner and Eyre, and away to the Borders of.Queensland aud New South Wales, I would ask how, without travelling missioaariei, can the Church of England in any degree shep herd those" few sheep in the wilderness," which nominally belong to her? Well aud wisely, therefore, did the Vicar-General, with the ad vice of Archdeacou Marryat, appoint provi sionally the fiev. G H. Farr to act as " mis sionary chaplain." He visited tbe Sruth- East aud Western districts, but the fuuds of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel could do no inora than supply one quarter's salary. That, howerer, sufficed to show the wisdom of the plan. Tue Church of England Endowment Society, how ever, in the terms of its trust, has s'isplie.l means for increasing the number of Ea^iish clergy, and I have had the satisfaction of en gaging the services of the Key. Herberr Hughes, an English clergyman uo* acting a. organising and missionary chaplain to tUa Bishop of Tasmania. I have received rtrou; assurance of his tried capacity for the mission work in the new parochial districts. It remain.? for the people themselves on ths stations aud rural townships to do their part toward* s> is tain ing the missionaries aud paying the ex penses of his travel. Aad ao*, wit'i.iu.'. diminishing aught from the scealy pUu-i of endowing parochial settled di-itriols (id mere isolated Churches), I mist aftirm that Mi missionary work of the diocese has an > iv.i, if not prior claim. Tbe nettled congregations are richer and abler to contribute toward the stipends of clergy than the laboring population which is settled on scattered farms. Captain Allen had these country clergy very much in view when he endowed the Pastoral Aid Fund. Until the last two years that fund has wholly been absorbed in augmenting the incomes of the settled and endowed parishes. At least one moiety I feel, as trustee, ought tv be claimed far the missionary districts. I will conclude by commending this important subject to the care ful consideration of Synod, as by the funda mental provision No. 18 the "spiritual care of members of ocr Church not residing ia any parish * fa to be provided for by means of ;•* or dained missionaries licensed by the Bishop." But how shall they be sent without tho aid of theC.E.E.S. and the Allen Fund? Tbe following list of rural townships, not included iv any parish where diviue service is from time to time held by missionary clergy men, shows the extent of tbe work. Omitting that portion of the colony lying withia the Murray and St. Vincent Gulfs, Cape Jervis, and the Jvirer Broaghton, tbe diocese may be conveniently divided into three missionary districts—l. The Archdeaconry of Flinders; 3. The South-Kastcrn District; 3. Tae couutry west of Spencer's Gulf. Townships iv No. 1 are Port Brouglitiu, Port Pine, Crystal Brook, Georgetown, G!alstj:n", Laura, Wirrabara, C*ltowie, 3 \mestowa. 1$ ;'.Mi\ Yongnla, Orroioo. Melrose, Wilmington, Q:i->ni, Hallett.Gottlieb's Wells, Terowie, Sliding tick. and Beltana. [N.B.—l'ort A'lguit*, Port I'irie. Xaura, and Jamestown have Tt'siJi'nt ministers, j Barunga and Green's Plains are visited by ltev. O.G. Taplin from Wallaroo; Maitlaud, Kilker ran, Ardrossan. by Rev. C. C. Elcum; Yorke town, Mount Hat. Minlaton, Diamond Lake, Stsiisbnrr. and Edithbtir^h are served by the Kev.W.F. MarshaU. 2\. South-Eastern District contains Mcningie. Kingston, Kobe, Miliicent, Penola, Xarracojrte, acdliivoli Bay North. 3\. West Coast, Port Lincoln, Tumby Bay, Lake Wangary, Lake Hamilton, Streaky Bay, aud many stations. I cannot close my report without briefly adverting to our Sunday-school Union, and the excellent gathering of the children at the Cathedral for afternoon service, with an address from their Bishop. Their reverential be havior and intelligent answering to the questions I put them denoted careful and thoughtful teaching. It is a hopeful sign for tbe future of our young people. Through some oversight, I presume, no infor mation was previously given me as to the schools or the number of children which would attend. Last year, when the Bishop of Mel bourne addressed the children, one thousand were raid to have been present. The public also was admitted. On the bite occasion, how ever, it was tbonght accessary to exclude by advertisement the general public aud to procure additional benches; but the accommodation was insufficient, and this suggests that either two Sundays should be devoted to a children's service—one for the schools of the city, num bering about one thousand, and the other for the suburban and country schools—or that a select portion of the elder children only of each school should be brought to the Cathedral. It was, at all events, a touching sight to look npan so many young scuts gathered together, and hear them join heartily in the hymns of praise, accompanied by the noble organ, the gift of tbe women of South Australia to the Cithcdral of the diocese. I trust I may be permitted again to see such a gathering, and eacsorage oar youi)g people "to fear the Lord from th>ir youth." CLKBGT. WIDOW. A>T) ORriIAS" TCXD. Ihe Committee reported as follows:— *• All the premiums are paid. Two clergymen h?ve joined the fund; one bag died, and" his widow has been placed on the list of aunuitiuts; aud tcree hare withdrawn from the fuaJ on leaving tl:e diocese, receiving together the sum of £ii 10a., being 50 per cent, of tbe premiums wh:<:h they had paid iv; consequently tbe funds are relieved from all liability ,in respect of them. The total worth of the funds ia £-5,133 s>s. lid.. of which £320 Is. 3d. is invested in land, and £5,590 on mortgage, producing an incoma vary ing from Bto 10 per cent. The income for the year ending .Tone 30. ItTS, was £576 l')s. Id., and tbe expenditure £1?9 Us. Id., the balance, £3£S l'Js., beicg net profit. In accordance with the resolution of last Synod, the annuitant* now receive £40 per annum." CLERGY A>"KriTT FtTCD. The Committee reported to the follonins effect: —* Tbe income for the p?st year h?s been £462 18s. 9d., the expenditure £30 9*. Id., leaving a net profit of £+32 9a. Sd., which, to gether with the amount brought forward from last year, gives a net result of £1,229 16s. sd\ as the prefect worth of the funds. Of this sum £170 3s. 6d. has been subscribed to tbe Guanutre Fund. Donations have produced £17 10s. 61. For the ensuing year promises of subscriptions to the Guarantee Fund have been received amonntiog to £7117s 6d.; the attorneys of the SJ'.G. promise to supplement subscriptions aud donations pound for pound up to a maximum of £100; bence,iziordert«c!&imtbuamouatia; full, an additional sumof £26 2*.6 d.mast besubscribed, which they trust will be forthcoming. There are no arrears of either premium or interest. The num ber of clergy subscribing is 30 out of 44, tbe cumber licensed iv the diocese ; one subscriber to the fund has died during the past year, aud one has resigned, and one new subscriber has joined the f;iad. The whole of the fanda are invested except a Email balance of £1 15.5 d.. £1,080 being lent on mortgage, yielding an in come varyingfrem 7to 10 per cent., and £11315 a. being invested in land. The fund is now avail able for annuitants, tbe Capital Guarantee Fuud having reached the minimum of £1,0 JO; they trust that during tbe ensuing year it will reach the azuoout coutemptated by Synod, £1,500. CHRISTIAN EKOWUEDGB SOCIETY BRiJfCH. A report was read from the Committee ap pointed by Synod stating that " A meeting of the Committee was held, and a circular al dretsed to all the clergymen and Churchwardens of the diocese was adopted, calling attention to the claims of the venerable Society, as one <>* the great handmaids of tbe Church since its establishment in 1693, and for the support and sympathy of all members of our Church, aud particularly in this diocese, for the liberal dona tions given in aid of education and the ministration of religion in South Australia. Thiee hundred circulars, with the same number of collecting cards, were issued iv October, J "?78. Your Commif cc have Ijeeu informed that the Lord Bithup has made arrangements for a supply of books, to be ?cut to an agent for sale in this diocese, from tbe venerable Society. The teachers of All Saints' School, aindmirsh, have resolved to aid the Society by quarterly collections iv Match, June, September, aud De cember; the £r?t collection, £2 10s. OJ., has been received. When a sum of £20 is collected it is proposed to remit that sum as a first dona tion towards the new offices the Society is build ing in London."' EsnoveitsxT s<>cibtt kbiiibt. Tbe following ia a statement of the estimated net income of the Society for the year ending 31st December, 1879, and of the amount tha1; can be paid over to Synod during the year 1579 towards the endowment of churches: —Esti- mated net income for the year, £1,000; overdue rente and interests from 1878, £150; unex pended rote to Synod for 1878, £*X)—total, £1,350. Application of Fund —Unexpended vote to the Lord Bishop, £250; vote for the year 1879 for missionary purposes, and for the impor tation of clergy, £-5)0 = £350. Estimated balance that can be paid to Synod during 1879 towards the endowment of churches, upon their application and advice that the pariah has con tributed its portion (inclusive et the above £260 voted in 1818). £500. GENEBAL BUSINESS. A StandiDg Committee, Comrnitteeof Appeal, Assessors, and Representatives to the general synod for the year having been appointed, and several formal motions passed. Canon Fabe read a letter that Mr. Hawkes had received from a clergyman residing iv the vicinity of Port Elliot. The writer said that a reference to an enclosed list of subscribers to the Clergy Annuity Fund would showthat much more might be done towards augmenting the fuud if the clergy would take it up ia a hearty man ner, but of a list of 74 subscribers the large pro portion of 22 had been secured in that exceed ingly poor district, owing to the matter having been brought well under the notice of the Church people by the incumbent of that district. The amount subecribed was net large, £13 45., but if the whole ef the clergy would only set to work in the same way it would give an addition to the funds of over £400, which continued for three years would be of very material assistance. Tlie writer believed that small sums would be readily subscribed by Church people. Cauon Farr directed attention to anotber point, viz. the statement that the fuud was now available for annuitants. It might be perhaps t):':ngnt (Uiinible by Synod to fix wliit amount tLt auDuity should be, iv case auy application were made for it. In the Clergy Widow aud Orpl'&u; Fund the amount was fixed at £li pT annum. Au animated discussion ensued ou Cauon Farr's remarks. Ou tbe motion of Arch ri'vtcou Mam vat the following genUaamn were clccin! a Committee to collect subscriptions ton >.>•<■* !.'„■ oiijVct:—Messi*. G. W. Ifawkus. J. H. •iiu i; t;!.::in, aud E. B. Gruudy, with power tc :Af\ to ill i; numb- r. j'i. unvo1. '••, the Key. S. Grkf.s, aud seconded by Mr. \V. S. Bo\>:uls, "That Clause 2 of Schedule A of tbe trust deed of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be struck oat, sad tbe following inserted in place thereof:— ' Clergymen licensed by tbe Bishop subsequently to May Ist, 1879, may secure the beuelt of the fund within one year of obtaining their licence by permission of the Standing Committee on production of a medical certiorate satisfactory to tie Standing Committee of thoir being in sound health, and by contributing as follows-. — JL. Unmarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 par annum. 2\. Married clergymen aud widowers with a child, £4 pur annum. After the ex piration of tbe above term of ond year, clergymen shall only be allowed to came ii'idrr the provisions of tbe fund by permission of the Standing Committee, on producing a medical certificate (satisfactory to the Stauding Com mittee of their being in sound health, aud on payment of double the amount of tho arrears of subscription, reckoned from the date of their being licensed by the Bishop." Carried. Proposed by Mr. H. S. Axthoxy, aud seconded by the Rev. Canon Coombs—" That the SynJii of the Church of England ia the diocese of Aio laidi1, Incorporated, accepts tho properties aul funds now belonging aud which may hertuftor belong to the Clergy Anuuity Fun i, in trust for tbe purposes ami objects declared thereof by the deed declaring the same which has bee.v pre pared, and directs that the cjojm m seal of Cue said Synod thai! be affixed thereto accordingly." Carried. lYopos-ed by Mr. T. O. .Tones atvl snonlcd by Mr. J. TunitSL?V-"That the Synod of the Church of Kugl.uul iv the Diooisj of A !■■ laide Incorporated, hereby authori^o* aud directs the trustees for the tiaio being of the Endowment of Chutv.!ies Fund t> convoy, assign, and transfer to the said Syuo.l the pro perties and funds bolonging to the trunks spoei fied in a certain tired declaring trusts o[ the said funds, whicn bears date the fifth day of Jauuary, in the year ISdG, ani is executed by Augustus Short, U.D, Lord Bishop of Ade laide, aud John Morphett, the Trustees nam<*l therein, to hold the said properties aud funds iv trust for the purposes aud objects for which the said fund has been raised." Carried. rroposeil by Mr. T. O. Jokes and seconded by Mr. J. Tiiobklkv—" That the Synod of the Church of England of the Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated, hereby authorises and directs the Trustees for the time being of the Clergy Widow and Orpbau Fuud aud of the Guarantee Fuud to couvey, assign, aud transfer to the said Synod the properties and fluids belonging to the trust* specified in a certain deed, declaring trusts of the said funds, which bears date the fifteenth day of May, in the year ISGS. and is executed by Augustus Short, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Neville Blyth, and Thomas J. S. O'iliUorau, the trustees named therein, to hold in trust fur the purposes aud objects for which the said fueds hare bees raised." Carried. Proposed by Mr. H. S. Anthony aud secoude 1 by Mr. W. S. Donii.ns—" That a new clause be inserted in tbe Model Trust Deed, first xectiuu Fundamental Provisions, to read as follows. — Power to ecJl—" Upon receiving lroiu auy Vestry a resolution passed by it, ami requesting tbe Synod so to do (but not otherwise), the Synod may sellauy laud comprised in the Mode! Trust Deed of the Church, the atfairs of which are managed by such Vestry upon such terms aud conditions as shall seeiu fit to the Syuod. the purchase money to be received for the said land shall be applied to the purpose or purposes (uot being inconsistent with the trust* of such deed) as shall be stated in such resolution, aud as the Synod ehali approve. Provid.d. always that no proposition for the sale of uuy conse crated land or building shall be deciled except at the annual session of Synod, or at a c?'l ul Synod, nor shall any Mich proposition bcpaidc I uuliw two-third* of tlie member* pres<-ui on « division support tte ?ume."' Mr. T. < >. .Kink? W)ved as iin atnen lineat. aud Mr. E. 15. Gr'-N!>tscc.>ii ;i-.i,ii,at .-ill the wor Uiift.-. "provided a.l?a\\.?" be ttruck o:t. Mr. H. K. Di>WNi:it projk**d an am u-i n.'ut -That the matter U- icienvd to a .S i'u- ; nu minee consisting of Mi >srs. l}arlo«\ \ii in iv. arsd Anthony, it: or<!er Uiat i.'.c tie a' cl.t :^e m.i/ he drawn up l>v tle:n und pre.-*?nt#.l to Sm.-J at a later «tage ..f the H-«ua, aul ih:-' r.. \--debate be a<!jourue<i nutil «uch report !«.• orjag!:: up.*" Carried. Proposed by t!. t > Vcuera'jle Arc:i.l'iaoa MAr.iiYAT and" secondc.l by tli. ; llev. .1. C. Havnks— "Tlist i. i-? .ii-irable tuat a ulame \v ar.dcd to the M-xie! Tru-i Dcoi, r<-s t'ia.:ia^ liiv uiMiagement of Oem-t«ries, and tiiat a Cjih miiue be appointed to ilrait ?Ui-;i a c!;i;i~<r, an i report the mow to the Ntaudiu.; (.\>:u:iiit;«v. such Committee tj cou?ut oi tho Hers. K. Hotter, Canon Katt, aad Mc-i-rs. JLSirlyw. Moulden, and tbe mover." Carried. Mr. G. \V. Ha«ke.s pro{#oieJ, aud Ciuoa Coombk- *ecoud*l—" That thi.< Syuod eipre^sej its Fjmp&thy; at tbe loss the Diocese of N'e.v castle has sustained through the Oeatb of the Bight liev. Walter Tyrreii.aud itsadmiratioa ot the character and labors of the dece&*til Bishop." Carried. Proposed by Archdeacon Mahuvat and seconded by the R-.v. S. tjREK.v—•• Tint, iv a.- cord&nce; with the recomniewlztiou ot the H «_• tion Commilt'Ci?, Syuo-1 declare th>j trusts unlir which it holds St. I'<-ter's Church, Willi.iai town,on being requested to do so iiy the Vestry." Carried. At 10 p.m. His Lordship pronounced tiie ben«dictioD, and then adjourned the Sjssiuu tiil next day at 11 a.m. Second Day—YTkiisesdat, Mat 14. MOTIOXS. Archdeacon Mahhv at proposed—" That in ac cordance with Clause 2 of the standing Oom mittee's Keport tbe extract from the minute* of tbe meeting of the Church of Kngland Endowment Society be taken into consideration." The CHAfiiscAN- sa.il uuk->s tbe object of the dixcusdion was stated he would move the previo'-is question. Arch <!etcou MAURTAT said til': Eri'ljwinent .-Sorietv Lad deliljtrratdy ujlate>l liulc No. 7, anJ Jiad sever h?nded uvvr tlie lunount ol lecttd for the Missionary Chapluin accuu:it. At prtS4.ut there were really no bush niis- Monarie?, and he could uot hriug tin; muter ti fore his cougregatiim or il#<ll ou the uo^ln of tbe bu?h as the fuud' ?w hjieut ou three geiitl<;mi!U liviug iv town, 'i'hu C;u:u t:.«.N said as l'refidt-nt of t'wt Society J.t- «uiphalical)y deuicl the charge. IV)e Key. S. GltEtN (f-COU'lcd the proji "sitiou, and remarked that tLe mov«j- drl not re;>re*eat ti.L- feelings of the Staii'liug Cuinuiittee. Tin: way iv which l>e lia>l preseub-d tile matter lial uot really beeu preMriited to the CoulinitU'?". Whether or hut the choral vicar or domestic cl:,ij lniliw were uverloukcl iv thecla'isi-referred to liad uot beiij cou>iili.Tei] by the Committee. The Ciliii.MAN remarked that the rule referred to w:m uui: ol very dillieutt iuU- rpretatiou. lie wu i-ony that ait<-r n'lch a prosperous returu, and lii-iu^ receiv-.tl iv Micii ;iu affectionate uiatiuvr, tbeee cnrpiuj{ ol'jeutious had becu ma' c. X).e euj of the matter would be that he vkuuld call back into l.i? oivn hands the trusts he had hnu-leti rver tv iiyuod. .Since 5 o'ol >ck th:it uioruiug he had bi-eu unable to obtain auy sleep, aud it at liis lime of life bis feeliugt were harrowed up he would place his resigna tion in their bauds. Arch.ieacnu Mauuvht withdrew the motiou aud propped that the Synod " receives and approves of the «\traAt.-< from the minutes of Urn Church ot Eo^laul Endowment Society.'" Dr. Dusur seeondei tim proposition, aud |>sid a high tribute to tin beueticial effects resulting from tbe antiou ot the Endowmeut Society, sind expressed the hope that the difference between the Synod %t-\ it bad now been settled tor all time. He hoj>e i that nothing further would arise to harass liv Lordship's feelings. Carried. Arcbdeacon Mabkyat proposed,—*'Tliat no alteration be made iv the preseut system Ijy which the share to be paid by tbe pari-h ■« would be increased." Cunou Fabu seconded the proposition, which was carried. Archdeacon Mabkvat proposed—" That, in accordance with the recamiueudation of the Election Committee, it is desirable, that the amount of tlie * reasonable income,' as required by Fundamental Provision No. 14, be defined by Syuod, aud that it be au iuttruciiou to the Standing Committee to couuiiier the question and report to Synod." He remarked that it was very necessary to define the amouut that should be considered a reasonable income for clergymen, as the matter was coustautly crop ping up in Committee. He kuetv of uiauy euros which contained three churches, an J the clergy men were only in receipt of salaries under £200 per annum. No parish should be allowed to scud a representative to Syuod uuleas they paid a certain amount of fetipend to their cleigyman. The Key. S. Ghees seconded tue proposition. The Key. A. Seixs opposed, as he cmsidoreJ that it would work veiy liarsiily iv those dis tricts which cither from the exhaustion of the Eoil used for agricultural pursuits or the decline of the mineral interests, had become reduced in population aud suL?tauee. TJie luting of atici uite sum to be paid by any parish was a very vicious oue, ond would tend to create the idej tiiat the Church was for the benefit of the rii'h, and that tbe poor were only admitted ou snttcrauce. Oauon Tiinj Uiuuyht that it would be better to ict the matter remain as it was. The re (jsruojcUtJiof vlergytneu '" towu and ouutry pai jsbes flii!- red widely, but iie did not think tbat it ouglit to go forth that tl c Pjiiod thought that £37 10s. or 1.22 me. was a sufficient remuueration tor the labor* of a clergyman in a parish. Several members opposed the proposition oa the ground* advanced by Mr. Sells, while others thought that it would be better to pass the motion, as the Bishop would have a discretionary power in all cases coming under his oognisauce, so that no country Church would be harshly deprived of representation in Synod. Mr. J. Thoenl.kv pro posed as an amendment that the amount to be considered as a reasonable income should be left to the decision of the Election Committed in each case. He was of opiuion that if a defi nite sum were fixed by tbe Synod country Churches would work up to that amount only. Tbe Rev. A. Sbus seconded the amendment. The Skcheta r y said that the amendment merely repeated the present powers of tbe Election Committee, who had refused to allow tbe Church at Williamstown to be represented at Synod, which action had caused the introduc tion of the motion. The motion was carried, and when placed as a substan tive motion. Canon Finn stated that it placed all the power in the hands of the Blec tiou Committee, of which the iiishop, who, it woe admitted, knew more about the Ch'irchea of the colouy than any one else, was not a mem ber. The work of tho Election Committee was uot to *ay whether a parish should be repre sented, but whether it was pr.ip?rly repreae-jtei. Mr. H. K. Dow>'ioi suggested that the words "Election Committee" ?no<iM b« struck oi'. and ** Standing Committee" iuserteri.as by t'mt change they would then have the benefit "I tf i« Lordshi>.'s advice, and the assi-stauie of th>; clerical monitors of that Committee. Toe bUggestiou was adopt<*l by the mover of nhd amendment, and it wvs curried as asubstautive motion. Tlie Rev. S. Green proposed, an! C?at>o Coomks seconded— ** That tbe niotiou ?ta'i<lini;, in the Itei-. A. Sell's uaio;, 'that .St. IVe.;r'n Wiilianistowu, be placed on tbe roll of parches entitled to t>eud representatives to Synjd" i>>; referred to tbe Standing Committee to consider the question of reasonable income, and ta repart to Synod." Ou tiie casting vote of theCUAiu- Max the motion was earned. The Ktv. 8. Gkkek proposed, and Mr. G. W. Siujfant seconded —*: That ia accordance with the recommendation of the Election Com mittee. tLe resolution of Syuod contained in Minute 61 of 1877 be amended to re id ;us fol lows :—' That under the direction of the Elec tion Committee due nut ice be sent by the Secretary of Synoi to each Vestry annually, of the number of representatives it is entitled to elect lor Synod. 1 " Carried. Canon Coomiis proposed;—" That, in accord ance with the recommendation of tbe Stauding Committee No. 21, the assessment ou S:. AugiibtiiTti, Virginia, 1579-SO,be remitted." Uc remarked that owing to the exodus of the people from the dit-trict the Church wan prac tically bankrupt, aud the people, one of whom van a widow, wera unable to bear tho borJcn of debt tln.t was now on the Church, amounting to £40X1. TLe ltev. S. I\>oi_e seconded. Mr. Hawkes, in supporting the motion, stated tbat the church was L-jilt at a cost of £800 when the district «ns in a much more healthy condition than at the present time. Many of the sup porters of the Church were farmers woo had left the dibtrict. Tbe trustees had exhausted every mtaus to raise the necessary money to [•ay the iutercct on the debt of £i<X>. Each cue of tho five trustees and the widow lady rtlcrred to—they were not rich—hid pail down ££i>, and th.y now appeilej to the Churches uf the colouy to help them, aud to cave them fruin financial ruin. Many tuousan-js of circulars had beta sent out soliciting sub scriptions, but no very benellcinl results tul accruo!. If the building cu-.ild be sold it wo 11.1 i.iive I'tt.u purchased l>y the Bible Christian ri uoLLiua: :>■!!. b;,t iortwnab-ly Ui^re were li^'-il dill', ultt ►iv the w?v. Carried. Ai.l.'iaLOii Mauktai proposed— •'Th?*. a £i>. t-:il Cu.iultt.v Le :i[iioiut«-U to rojMrt v,. iv U.e i-rujiir ri.atioi.j-hy oi the Cathedral and i? clii^y tv t!.i- lVnihia! Ciiur.li ami diViric: of Ci rit: CS.'jn-li aj.-l its UicumV-ut.'' He r.. \--ma:kt>l {Lit the |H)?itio« occjpiod by His I^.ri-iiiji ti.e V.: ;• j> iv co:!!)>'Ctii>n w.lh llw Catle.i.'.l w-ir. Hi'iu.ut parallel in Kujlun J or d.tot! • r co'niiici*. -S >uir time a fe M a ilep itA'.ioa .rvlii C..lift Ciiurcii wailed uj>jU His I*jTd*hi,>, ■x] o :. -vir«.l tJ em that li-j ham ? >!e.-irc to ■r.ji r«. Cliii*t Church by hoMiug t-ervjtx'B in tin- Ctl.iV.ral, but rather to attr;ic*. p-j;il t ' froui t!i?- L. ta; v- li.in U.i? and i-imilar p'.av. a. Siiur i)j«? ic.rijing KI..J etvniiig *k-jki.«.-9 haul bi v coaiuieLtid iv tLe Cathelral the offirCory of C!.ri-t Church had fallen off a'i >;t £111. I.i cjlm-.ju. nee of tui? the tuciniY.'u: cf Ci ri-t Church w^s at variance with His J-orJi-Li)-, tiGt as BUhop, but as i.ic lmb^'nt of the Cathedral, who was therefore not ia a p.wi tim to give itujvartial decisions oa difficulties t.'i?t had arisen between them. Arcbd%«oa Mairjat referred to other particulars iv which he bad been injured by the t>errices at the Cathedral, which had bi-eome <le facto a parisii Church without undertaking auy of its respon sibilities, aud also quoted precedents in support of the motion. Mr. D. Gauuck seconded the motkn. The Chaii;jia-N gave a sketch of the liiitory of tbe liispute referred to by tbe mover, aud claimed that by virtue of bis letters patent be ?ts perfectly justified in the position he had taken i:p. Dr. Dehdv said as one of the Cathe dral clergy Le had no connection wiiat<:rcr with " the parochial Church and district of Christ Church and its incumbent," and therefore aa far as he was concerned the motion was without niitk^iDg. The laity had a perfect right to go where they could, aud although he syrap.i thi*ed with Archdeacon Marryat be did not fee how the matter could be remedied. The Chaihwak read a letter which be had re ceived from tbe gentlemen who had charge of tbe Cathedral Fuud, and to whom be hal referred the question touched upon by the mover uf tbe resolution. Their reply was—*' In fur therance of an invitation from your Lordnliip, a meeting of the members of St. IVter's Cithe <lr^i !-'> ]*unJ aud of the Wardens of the Cathedral w.i? lielil on Tuesday, the 22ud inht:itit. to consider the i|ue^tiou whether or iiot it would U- bttt. r that service at the Cathedral MiouM U- lielj in the evening or on tlie after- Ui4<u vi Suiiij.y. AfUrsoiae diM-usiioa ths fol loning rt^olti:in!i «a a cirried, and or-lero:! tJ le ctmviy L d to your lordship:—* Th.?t it U uu de: ir^liie to close the Catho !ral on tlie SaaiUy evening'!.' " Mr. J. TuoitNLKV also spoke to tLe motion. TiLiiai Day.—TatubUAY, May 13. The buMiit-ii mce-.ing wjts coutiuue^l. His L<iiiUhip tl;«i llishop itc.upyiug the c'aair. NKW sYSitll-UAN. a lie Sec-rotary auuouuce.l that he liai re ceiv..l a certilicat«of tbe election of Mr. G. E. l>e M"!e us for Holi" Evan^eluti' Ch.in li,(joolm':i. licferrwl to thi? Kleetiuu Cjui u?ittiT. MOrillN?. Tlie niljourtied ilehate uu tlie maliou of tlie Wn. Arih.tfuon Marryat—-That a Social Uuiiiiiiitu-e l>e np[xiint«d to report up >v tin proper re; tiouship of the Cathedral aa.l i'.t elt-rpy to tlm parochial Church aud ULttrict of Cliri-t Church and its iucumbeut" was resume!. TLe \'ery Key. Dean Kisski.i. moved as uu ;,iiifii<lnient —"That all the worU after * juirochial' be struck out iv order to insert the words 'Churches aud Clergy of Adelaide.'" Ti.i- Dean referred briefly to tbe powers cou ferrtd on the Uiohop by the letters patent, and tt*tf<l that the <juestiou had beeu thoroughly settled, llis amendment was moved with a view uf wideniug tbe enquiries aud op.-ratious of tbe Committee. He desu-od that an opportunity should be provided of carefully considering the whole question of the position which the Cathedral should occupy, aud that some means should be devised of arranging its affairs so as to prevent its working autagoufetically to the other churches aud the clergy of the city and suburbs. His urged th-it the Cathedral should be preserved in a cathedral character uot necessarily by narrowing its range of operations. The Committee should impartially consider the good of the Cathedral, the good of the iuhabitauts of the city aud suburbs, and the benefit of theclergy as entitled to tijual attention. He alluded at length to the iutlueuce which mig,Ut be exerted ou the clergy by the Cathedral services, aud state.l that every elfort should be made to make them.tsentjaHy a hdpiug p?wer to tho otbtr churches. He felt personally that he iv his position as Dean of the Cathedral had not been treated respectfully in connection with the arrangements of the Cathedral. He was practi cally shut out from participation in the services. The Key. W. B, Anuhkws si-couded. The Uev. A. Sells suggested tbat the disadvantages which iiud bfen uwutioded liaj arisen from th-3 fast that the chapter was compo~e.l of parochial clergy. He failed tosee therelatiousUipbetween the (Jathedrai aud the suburban clergy. The Hey. C. C. Ki.cl'm made a few "reaiarks en the working ef Cathedral services i:i tnglsud. and stated that there every fcliort waa being made to attract persons to tha strviocs. The Hey. W. li. Stakkikd also s;iaka ou tlie tame hubject, and thought it desirable ti;at ti:e jitfairs of the Cathedral shjull in maimgtd by His I^jrdstiip the Bishop aud tha Dean nud Chapter. He urged the sibsoluLa m.'O'Fsit.y of maiutaining the evening service-! at thuCMilie.iral. Tho Key, Ctnou F\un sii \ a great deal of tlie friction which had occurred in thin Di;i4ter Jia.l been due to liis Liril>hii) prrsoMiily. He thought that if tlio lJe.:n au.i Cli:i|'tcr had beeu taken into his Lordship's oa fii!tr.ce they would not have felt shut out from their connection, with the Cathedral. Tiiey had never expressed an opinion that the evening services should be discontinued, and though it would have been passible to have ascertained their feelings they were never consulted. On April 2 a letter was written by the Dean to His Lordship, atking whether it was intended to carry out the arrangement of last year, namely, the resumption of afternoon services, and whether he wished the Chapter to render the name services as preachers. No answer had been received to this letter, and could it be wondered that friction should have been caused? The lie v. C. G. Taiun said the clergy should regard themselves as belonging to one spiritual parish, and Dot divide themselves iuto territorial divisions. He stated his intention of opposing both motion and amendment. The Yen. Arch deacon Doyb said it was bis desire that the Cathedral should be opened for all services oa Sunday and on every day in the week. He thought the Synod would have had a clearer notion of the position of the Cathedral and the clergy, if they had paid attention to His Lord tiliip'e addiess on the subject. It was estab lished on the primitive principle; it was the Church of the Diocese, tlie Diocese beiug a great parish. The members of the Chapter should repaid the Cathedral as their special Church. Mr. W. Barlow thought an oppor tunity should be allowed of an enquiry being made into the grievances of the Chapter by an impartial body. Mr. H. E. Duwsbb mid whatever was done by a Committee could riot aff<-c j the Cathedral or Christctiarcb. Was the Cathedral to be closed so that Ciirist cliurch might draw an extra £100 per year V If this were so the question would resulve itself into one of attraction. He would like to know how a matter of this kind was to be settled. They were all engaged in one great work, and they sliould not raise the party question— Church v. Cathedral. The Cathedral as st present conducted attracted many persons who were uot members of auy of the Churches. He did not thinK the matter was such a cue as should be brought before the Synoi, Mid he would vote agaiust both propositions. The Rev. S. Guels was of opinion that th ■ matter was not one for the consideration of the Synod at all. The Syasd stood in no relation to the Cathedral nor the Cathedral to the Synod. There was a com pact between His Lordahip and the sub scribers to tie Cathedra], viz., the" Declaration of the Trusts of the Church" in which the whole power was conferred on His Lordship. It was just as well, as the matter bad been discussed, that it had been thoroughly dealt with. The Chairman offered an apology to the Dean and Chapter for having omitted to answer thniz letter. (Hear, hear.) He had been ill for eleven weeks, and he thought that any persons on examining the letters he had to answer anJ the business lie had to transact would have excused him for his omission. The Dean hal given his views of what he conceived to be his relation to tie Cathedral, and he said that these viens were erroneous. If the Dean had suffered in consequence as he stated, it was his onn fault. On the motion of Synod he was requested in IS6B, eleven years ago, toplwa betore it the Trust on which he intended to make over the Cathedral Church to the Sjncd aftt-r his resignation, departure, or decease. The Dean and Chapter then had before them the trust on which he had gathered the money and intended to found the Cathedral. It was very hard to be assailed ?ft«r these trusts had been declared in Synod, as if he had broken the compact. The Dean's standpoint was incorrect. He quoted from " Bums's Ecclesiastical Justice " on the subject of Cathedrals. There it was laid down that " the Cathedra! Church was the parish church of the whole diocese." Now what were they atked V What was the relationship between CbiiMcl.nrcli and the Cathedral ? Then the question was extended to the churches of the nry and suburbs. The answer was at once fimiid. At another passage in the "Justice" it was seated " that worshipping at the Cathe dral was resorting to the parish church within tie natural meai>irg and scum; of the Statute." Ho oiiiti'iidt d that the Archdeacon and Dew had i.o It-pal (.tauiiiug. He was prepared to Vgally test his position. When he founded the Catl>edi:u l,c intended that it should be a Bi.-iu.pV CLuicii.and thought it would be a fair thing for the elder c'.ngy to have au hon trarium in tie alfair> of the Cathedral. It was a direc: violation of a compact to <-nde<rorto obtain the (■.)■(< iijtuu-ut of a Committee to enquire into t!.f i e-i!i..u of the CaifceJral aud Clirutt.-hurc.h. After c nkii.g et-v ral other remarks on the broad subject of Cathedral Da:tors His Lir.l \--i-Kipvaid it was illogical to conclude that the otftr'ory at Christcburch had tkvii affected by the Catl.wka! services to such an extent as ha i lf? in stated. At the conclusion of His Lord ship's speech Archdeacon Maukyat asked leave to withdraw big motion, sayiug he would have liked to have had the matter privately discussed, and that it was uot altogether hu desire that the mxttet had been brought before Synod. It was not a question of letters patent. If His Lordship's pledge had not bec-a given specially with regard to afternoon services that motion would uercr have been brought up. The Dels also asked permi*iioa to withdraw the aroe_.d nxnt. I>ave was granted, and both propo sitions were withdrawn. The ltev. VT. B. Akdkkws moved for leare to introduce a measure to alter Xo. 10 of Regula tions not Fundamental, dealing with the basis of representation of churches. The Rev. S. Gk££X seconded. Leave was granted, and the ltev. W. B. Ajtdrews moved— ** That such alteration be made in No. 10 of' Regulations not Fundamental' as •hail secure reprweutatiou l-y four Synodsmen for suburban churches j<aying an equal amount of assessment with any one of the city churcliee." Mr. W. S. Docula* seconded. The Uev. S. Guern moved that the regulation should be referred to the Standing Committee for its consideration. The amend ment was carried. Mr. H- Asthoxt moved for leave to bring up tlio report of the Committee appointed to con sider the addition of a new clause to Model Triibt Deeds. Leave was granted, aud he moved the adoption of the following clause as recommended hy the Committee: —" l Tf.on receiving from any Vestry a resolution duly passed by it aud certified in manner hereinafter provided, requesting the Swicd so to do < but not otherwise), the Synod n.ay, in its discretion, sell any l?mi or build ings comprised in the Model Trust Deed of the Cr.urch, the affairs of which are managed by *ticli Vcntry upon such terms and conditions as shall seem tit to theSjnod. The purchase-money of the said laud riiall be applied to the pur |>ost> or puiposes (not beiag inconsistent with the trusts vf such deeu> slated in such resolu tion, aiid ajiprovr.l l>y the Synod. I'rovlied alnats, that no cousecrHtfd land or buildings thuil be sold evce; * uuJer the authority oi a resolution jmiseiJ at the anuual session of .^\ ui>d, or at a rail of Synod; and no such resj ticu i-l:al! be JasMvl unless two-thirds of the n:< mbers present, ou a diviniju, vote iv favor of the i-iiuie. No resolution of a Vestry request ing lhe .Synod to fell any lanj ur buildiugs ►hall be considered by Synod unless accompanied !>y a certitieate, uu.lcr the hanl of the Incuui t-eut for ilie time beiug, or the person presidium at such \'estry meeting, aud countersigned by one of the Wardens, that such resolution was duly passed at a Vestry meeting, properly sum moned, aud held iv accordauoa with the provi sions of the Model Tru?t Deed ; and that at a subsequent Vestry meeting, also duly sum moned aud held, such resolution was con firmed." Carried. The Key. K. K. Milieu moved—"That the StendiDg Committee of Synod be instructed to defray any legal expenses'that may be necessary to procure, the vesting of Church property in Synod, the trusts of which may have lapse.!." Mr. H. H. Thomas seconded. Canon Fxna t-iiggtsted that it should be left to the option of the Committee whether they spend money or uot. Mr. Commissioner Downkb moved as an amcniluient— "That the Standing Committee may, if it think fit, but not otherwise, defray any It gul expenses that way be incurred iv the vest iug of Church property iv Synod, in .cases whsre trustees or the major part of them have died or resigned." The ameudment was carried. The unfinished business was referred to the StaudiDg Committee, aud the Syuoi was pro rogued at ten miuutes to 7. LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The annual public meeting of the South Aus tralian Auxiliary to the Loudon Missionary Society was held in Stow Church on Wednesday evening, May 7. The attendance was limited. Mr. A. Stow occupied the chair, aud remarked that it was a good thing wheu people got ta gotlicr to tbow their sympathy far such a Society as the Loudon Missiouary Society. He l):i,ji{;lit that the interest of the people of Adelaide in the mission work of tVe Society was not to be gauged by the attendance at that meeting. Tin re were many who approved of the objects of the Society who thought that it v.&s; not necessary for them to coma near its meetings. He did not think that that was all that was required. The payiueut of a sum of niubry was not s\\\ that was expected from its *;i;jiurti.rs. From t1.6 last annual report of the S. eitty he gathered that South Australia contri t:;it«<l according to t!ie extent of its population more ihau auy trtlier British colony. The New Guinea luisMon, which Mr. Chalaiers specially rej resented, was a peculiarly interesting one to them, chiiny because that island was so near to tbe shores of Australia. Mr. Stow then gave an outline sketch of the various countries occu pied by the Society for mission purposes, and expressed the opinion that its supporters in this colony should make themselves more familiar with the real bard work that it accomplished. There could be no doibt but that through the instrumentality of tiro Society and its agents a great change was being effected in the minds of the people of China and India. The Sev. T. Hope then read the annual report as follows:— "The Committee of the South Australian Auxiliary to tbe London Missionary Society have great pleasure in presenting to its friends and supporters their usual ?i>mia) report. In doing so they would acknowledge with gratitude the buccess that bas attended the labors of this auxiliary during the past year. It is gratifying to mark tbe interest felt by our Churches, and especially by the young people in our Sunday - schools, in the work of this Society, which has for its object the spreading abroad tbe know ledge of Christ among the heathen. We should, however, be pleased to find a still greater amount of interest manifested in this great work. Oar receipts during the past few years, whilst showing little or no sign of falling off. Lave certainly not increased; and this, when we take into account the large increase of population during the period, is a fact which calls for very serious consideration. For some time past your Committee have been endeavor ing to secure more frequent visits of mis sionaries from the field, in order thus to excite more interest in the work; and during the past year tb<;y have communicated their wishes in tbis respect to the parent Society, at the came time suggesting the desirability of having a paid travelling agent, who should visit at regular intervals the several colonies, and fur nish the friends of the Society with the latest intelligence of the work carried oa in the mission field. Your Committee have also ap plied to the parent Society for a larger number of copies of the Juvenile Missionary Magazine, which it is proposed to distribute free of charge to tbe scholars in our Sunday-schools, in the hope by this means to awaken a greater interest in the work amongst the young. In January ! last your Committee communicated with the Bey. J. P.Bunderland,tbeagentfor the Society in Sjdney, to ascertain if there was any likeli hood of a missionary from the field being at liberty to pay a visit iv time for oar annual meeting. In answer a letter was received from Mr. Sundsrland, informing us that tbe .Bey. James Chalmers, who bas recently been labor ing in New Guinea, would visit us in May. Ac cordingly it was arranged to postpone our annual meeting until that time. It is with very great pleasure that we now welcome amongst as tbe Bey. James Chalmers as a deputation from the Society. Some of our friends will remember ha vmgmfctMr.Obalmero thirteen years ago, when he with other missionaries and their wives visited the colony on their way to their several spheres of labor. For eleven years Mr. Chalmers labored with great success in Raratong , in'the South Seas, afterwards in New Guinea. Throughout tbe whole of bis missionary career be bas been greatly supported and helped in his work by bis wife, who shared with him all the toils and privations as well as the dangers of tbe mission field. It was therefore with ver deep regret that we learned at the commence ment of this year of the death of this most heroic woman, whose life was sacrificed in the cause of Christ. Most deeply do we sympathise with our friend and brother in his breavement, and pray that He who has supported him amid all bis labors will sustain him in this honr of trial, and enable him for yet many years to come to carry on bis work in tbe mission field. We earnestly trust that his present visit to the colony may be productive of much good and may have the effect of of reviving our interest in tbe great and glorious work in which the London Missionary Society IB engaged. D iriug the mouth Mr. Cbalmen will visit the several Churches in tbe colony, and will give such in formation respecting his work in the South Seas and New Guinea as caunot fail to be of interest to the friends of the Society. Referring to tbe work of the present Society, it is gratifying to find from the ansual report, as read Ijy Dr. Hollies last year, that its finan cial position is so flourishing. ' Notwithstanding the stagnation of trade,' writes Dr. Mull ins, ' and the disturbed state cf social and public life, the Directors of the Society are thankful to report that tbe current receipts of the year, and tLe contributions placed at their command, have proved tbe largest ever received for ordi nary purposes, and had not the expenditure been unusually heavy would have well provided for tbe service of the year.' Tbe ordinary income from subscriptions, donations, and col lections has amounted to the sum of £33.847 I 19b. 6d. Comparing this with the three previous years it will be noticed that there bas been each year a steady increase. In 15T5 the amount raised was £62,563; in 1676, £51,761; and in 1677, £<J3,6<54\. The expenditure of the year has been usually Ljavy, having exceeded the ordinary income by £1,350. This deficiency, however, has been met out of the resources at tbe Society's command. During the year efforts have been made, both by the Directors at 1 home and by the missionaries in the field, S to enlarge the area of the Society's use : fulness. In Central Africa, and also in New ! Guinea, special efforts have been made in this direction. The space open to Christian effort in South Africa his continued to widen, and is now steadily advancing northwards towards tbe | Zambesi and the populous tribes around it. Of the Society's work in China the report states that a remarkable increase has of late taken place in the number of converts. The increase bas been most conspicuous in the province of Kwaotusg, and in the mission in Hankow ; within the Ust three years tbe number of adults ■ added to the Churches of the Society upon a public profession bas amounted to not less than 1 SCO individuals. In Chin* it is still 'the day of rrcall things f but the work of evangelising and renovating her people has been begun, aad broad foundations have been laid for certain success in the days to come. In the report of the Conference on Missions held in Hildmay Park, London, special prominence is given to the work of missions in China. It says—' Only thirty-five years ago not a single Protestant missionary wai living within the bounds of the Chinese Euipiie. Since then, by various steps, nine provinces of the empire have been occupied by settled missionary stations.' The medical missions hold a strong place in China, and within a few years the number of medical missionaries in various countries of the world has increased from tn-euty to 100. 'Iv India,' the same report goes on to say, * the time of harvet>t has not vet arrived. Its 630 mis sionaries, with their 309 native companions, continue to till and clear aud sow. Preaching in tbe vernacular, broad systems of educ&tioii;, humane efforts in famines, pestilences. &ud; pain— all are employed bteaiily and in faith to make kuouu the get-d news of Christ's siviag 'ove. Good Churches, with no despicable number of converts, have been gathered, are growing, and are worthy of all este-iu. Laborers, steady aud diligent, patient aud f v 1 of faith, are the great needof liniia anil Chin; but already there are signs apparent of tte glorious future to which such labors have ever led.' Your Committee, in conclusion, wouM press the claims of this Society upon the several Churches of the colony. The work in which is is engaged is truly a grand one, and well merits our support and sympathy. Let not the Churches of South Australia be behind in help ing on so glorious a work. Let us each have a share in this great enterprise. Let us who live in tbe enjoy meat of the privileges and blessings of Christ's glorious gospel be earnest in our en deavor to spread abroad the honor of His name among those who are yet in darkness, and who have never beard the name of Christ. " ? Can we whose souls are lighted With wisdom from on high, Oan we to men benighted The lamp of life deny ? Salvation, O Salvation! The joyful sound proclaim, Till each remotest nation Has learned Messiah's name.'" The financial statement was atsa real by the Rev. T. Hofb, in the absence of the Treasurer, Mr. D. Bobin. We gather from it that between November 30, 1877, and the ensuing twelve months £810 2s. Sd. had'been collected, aud at the present time a balance of £ $29 10u Id. was King in tbe Savings Bank. * Tbe Key. F. \V. Cox proposed—" That the reports be adopted and printed for distribution under the direction of the Committee, and that the following gentlemen be the officers aud Committee for the ensuing year:—Treasurer, Mr. K. Searle; Secretaries, Rev. T. Hope (Corresponding), Mr. D. Kobiu (Finance); Committee-lievs. F. W. Co*, AY K. Fletcher, M.A., O. Copland, M. M. Dick, J. Mc?win. O. Mantborpe, Mei-srs. A. Adamsou, T. Frost, J. F. Conigravc, J. Pickering, H. Dean, J. J. Green, J. J. Stuckev. C. Vylde, C. Smedley, G. Phillips, G. P. Doolette, K. Johnson, A. Stow." He remarked that with the exception of the £10 paid to the. Aboriginal Mission Society the work of the South Australian Auxiliary bad been almost Exclusively confined to collecting money. It might be said of these Auxiliary Societies that if they did not exist the parent Society could not carry ou its operations. Tlie email contributions of the many were bitter tliau the largo contributions of the few. It should not be forgotten that the work of tho Society was that of saving eouls from idolatry. The mis sionary vent out not only to procHitu the Gospel hut to extend civilization. It was a question with literary men whether thr preaching of the Gospel or civilization should go first, bnt he thought thai they must both go together. Be bad frequently met -with travellers who bora testuno?j to the influence of preaching <h« Gospel in the work of civilizing satire tribes^ and he himself had been greatly struck by the change in the outside appearance of the natives from this cause. He would have very little faith in the spiritual effects of missionary work if they were not manifested in the outside life. The missionary brought home with him a great deal of knowledge for the benefit of the outside world. la the sciences of ethnology and aom« parative philology scientific men were consider ably indebted to missionaries for many of time facts. One of their missionaries (the Her. Mr. IVhitmee) had recently been writing in the Contemporary Review on these questions, and be had also lectured before various sdentifia Societies, and had been listened to as a man who was competent to speak on such subjects. It was often -asked," Why do you not leave these people alone. You know that God is just, and that be will not expect from any human being more than be has given." He would refer them to an ansner once given by the then Sir Arthur ■WeUesley to some chaplains of the East India Company, who complained of the missionaries preaching to the native*. The great soldier asked, ** What are your marching orders, gentle men V" directing them to tbe injunction, "Go ye into all tbe world and preach tbe> Gospel to every creature." If they were Christians tbis matter did not admit of discussion, sod it the chaplains were right then there was no need for the command to be given to preaob the go?pel to every creature, "beginning at Jem> salem." The duties of these missionaries were to go into dark, benighted lands, and to tell the natives of tbe one true God and of Christ who had died to save them. The Sev. O. Cofiakd seconded tbe propo sition, and made reference to the Rev. J. Ohal tners as a fellow-student at Cheshunt College 13 years ago. Tbe motion was carried. The Rev. Jambs Ch&uixbs;, a deputy front the London Missionary Society, addressed tbe meeting. He observed that it was not his in tention when be left New Guinea to come to South Australia, but rather to go onto UnglMwT. Tbe unexpected death of his wife in Sydney altered bis plans, and hebad determined to return to New Guinea. In an effective address Mr. Chalmers gave a description of the island of New Guinea, the portions of tbe coast-line that had been occupied for mission work, and the various islands, harbors, lagoons, and other dis coveries made by themissionaries. Tbe account* of several cf his own personal experiences wen thrillmgly romantic, and calculated to gjva his hearers a somewhat loftier conception of. tbe vicissitudes of xniseion life, and Ilia moral and physical courage required by *>"?? who severed all the ties of intellectual, social, and family life, to labor in heathen lands. In 1872 missionaries were first planted oa the Peninsula at tbe meuth of tbe Papuan Golf, and altfcoDgh stations had been located alone various parts of the coast tbe operations of tbe Society were largely confined to that portion of the island. At present there were 21 «ni««V?n stations and 30 native teachers on the wi—ii, Mr. Chalmers referred to a telegram be had read in the Advertiser some tune ago, which affirmed that the native teachers, since found to bare been poisoned, bad been posi tively murdered by the missionaries, who had landed them on portions of the coast th%t they (tbe missionaries} were afraid to stop on. Thia statement was not correct. He alone waa responsible if any missionary was to blame.aa be had placed tbe deceased teachers on tbe coast. They (the missionaries) began their explara tioDs lor saitabJe places en which to locate the teachers, wto were not expected till November, in March. They landed at several spots, bat determined aot to place the teachers on any ot them on account of the proximity of the swamps. Ultimately Farron?ay was fixed npon as a Mut able site for a station, and before finally deciding he (Mr. Chalmers) went inland with the natives to make as complete investigation of the loca lity as possible nnder the circumstances. Four teen teachers having been obtainedfrom Eastern Foljnesia. they were located generally in ccuples at various selected stations on the coast, including Orrangerie Bay. He trusted that it would be 6cen from this that the missionaries bad not located the native teachers carelessly. Everything had been dote to secure good positions for them, sod as a scatter of fact their situations were better than those occupied by tbe missionaries them selves. Instructions were also given to the teachers to leave their locations on tbe first sign of fever. After the disposal of tbe teachers Mr. Chalmers returned to Orangerie Bay in the steamer Ellangowan, and Teamed that four native teachers had been poisoned. He could hardly hold the fa~«*««~ blameless in the matter, as they bad exposed their hoop iron, scarlet cloth, and red beads to tbe natives, who wanted to snare them. This was refused, and to obtain posses sion of tie articles tbe water used by tfaa teachers was poisoned. At present tbe mis sionaries were not able to undertake missus work throughout the whole of the island, and be did not think that it would ever be thoroughly colonised. The missionaries bad proved the unhealthiness of many parts of tbe coast line, and the late gold prospecting party bad dona the same for parts of the interior. The Sontb- Eastern Peninsula offered good possibilities to toe capitalist for tbe growth of sugarcane, nlthnpgh it would be impossible to work plantation! therewith European labor. Coffee might also be grown there, but it would be better to let the natives cultivate it, and then to buy it from them. If it was ever intended by any Govern ment to explore the island the work should be entrusted to a man who had travelled, who was not afraid of the natives, and who was well backed up with money. Carriers for this work should be obtained elsewhere, aa the Datives were not to be trusted. Usually it was up rifle or revolver and down native, bat this was a plan that should not be adopted by any person undertaking the exploration of New Guinea, as prcofs of confidence in the natives were far mure effective in obtaining one's object. The address was eagerly listened to, and at it* close was heartily applauded. Tfce?ev. W. B.Fletcheb,MJL, proposed— ■* That tbe South Australian Auxiliary do here with accord a very hearty welcome to the Key. Jarzea Chalmers, from New Guinea, and would tafce ihis opportunity ot expressing their heartfelt sympathy with him in tbe loss of his devoted wife, and pray than he may be say ported under his trial so as to return to New Guinea to continue his work therein in con junction with hie fellow-missionaries for the ex tension of Christ's Kingdom;" and allude? in feeling terms to the circumstances attending the dcatu of Mrs. Chalmers. Tbe proposition was seconded by Captain Brmsden,wbo had had opportunities of seeing tbe practical results of tbe labors of tbe New Guinea missionaries when he was engaged on that portion of the island occupied by tbem. Tbe proposition was carried unanimously, and tbe benediction brought tbe proceedings to a termination. THE SOUTH AUSTEALIAN BAPTIST MIS SIONARY SOCIETY. The annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist Missionary Society were held at the Norwood Baptist Church on Monday evening. May 5. About 100 parsons sat down to tea in the Schoolroom, and the meeting held «ob sequently was presided over by Mr. Jas. Smith. The Chairman after urging on those present the necessity for taking a hearty interest in Mission work, and of properly discharging the responsibility which they had taken on them selves, called on the Secretary (Mr. S. Summers), who read the following report:— " Tbe Committee have again to express their regret that the Society is not in a more favor able position. Whilst thankful that the con tributions for the past year have somewhat exceeded those of the previous year, they can not but feel that the sum raised, about £170, is altogether inadequate to the requirements of tbe great work which the Society has under taken; and if tbis amount is to be re garded as an indication of the-jyfcrcst felt by the denomination in missionary\work thia must indeed be small. The ausil Ury Society at Flinders-street, tbe establishment of which was reported last year, has done good service, and another has since been formed at Norwood by one of the members of that Church. The latter bas [adopted as its special mode of operation the "collection by the youug people of small weekly sums. Large amounts are raised by this system in the old country for missionary pru> peses, audits general adoption here would re lieve the Committee fromaii pecuniary diflieolty. The Committee have much pleasure in slating that the Alberton Sunday-school has undertaken the entire maintenance of one of the brethren: at Furreedpore. The small band of laborers there lias been reduced by tbe death of one of their number, the colporteur Jaga Mohun,and with the limited funds at their disposal the Committee have not ventured to supply the vacancy. The Key. G. H. Kouse has laid the Committee under a deep obligation by the cousii^uant-e of bis iuvatuable services iv tho supervision of the Mission. Babu Xi. C. Mitter reports that—• Tbongh there Las be*n only oae case of actual conversion during tbe jear I trust our labors have not been in vain, and that the word of God,as proclaimed by us, is working in the heartb of the people. la last year's report I regretted that KeJarNath Seal had disappointed our hopes, but I am glad to state that he ha* expressed his hope of being able to avow himself a Christian as soon as he lias finished his studies at the Medcal College, CaJcntta. An Inspector of Police, a Brahmin by caste, seems to be a true and simple-minded enquirer. He says that a dream during a severe illness was the came of his believing ia Jesus. We have often visited the villages within a short distance of the station and sold and dis tributed many tracts and Scriptures among the villagers. At one village some people re quested as to visit them frequently and teach tSem the doctrines of the Bible. Two preachers accordingly visit them evsry now and then and are listened to with ranch attention. The preaching in tarn tua been attended to as usual, excepting during the latter part of the year, when all my as sistants were laid aside by sickness. The chief iundrance to our work is the hardness of the hearts of the Mohamedtms. Speaking of Brah moism, he Bay? the Brahmos were formerly divided into two sects—Original and Progres sive ; but daring Hii past year the Progressive Brahmi.>s have again been divided into two sects, in consequence of the action of their leader, Babu Kesbub Oh under Sen. They would not formerly acknowledge the necessity of a mediator between God and man, but now Xeshub Babu open'y preaches this necessity, sad calls himself the required mediator. •Though he is thus misleading his disciples, still the way of Christian preachers will be a little dearer if Brahmos anyhow acknowledge the necessity of mediation.' Under the heading of 'Itinerant Preaching,' a detailed narrative of various preaching tours, and the princi pal incident is given, which it is not neces sary to repeat at length. The number of tracts and Scriptures sold during ih c year has oat been less than the pre vious year, though we have not been able to employ any colporteur in the place of Jaga • Mohan. We have on'yone school now, which was opened for Boons, boys, but has not now a single boy of that class. Most are Jlahomedius, mnd a few Hindoos. At Mr. Rouse's suggestion I advised the teacher to teach them the Lard's Prayer, and the Ten Commandments, and to let them get by heart some religious hymns. We have nothing more to say about Bhajundi than we stated last year. The Vrapali young man of whom I then spoke favorably still continues earnest and firm in his resolution to join the Lord's people. My best thanks are due to those kind-hearted friends who have assisted me through the poor fund, especially to Mr. C. A. Kelly, its foander. Besides the alms distributed at the station, help lias occasionally been sent to sums distant places. Clothes worth nearly 61 rupees have been given away during the winter, and two rupees expended for medical purposes, bat a balance of more than 29 rupees remained in hand. Divine services on Sundays and prayer meetings on Saturdays have been conducted by me with occasional help from the assistant preacliers. Two have been received into Caureh iellowship by baptism, while one has bejn ex cluded, one suspended, and ooe removed by the band of death. The present number of members is 30. Owing to Ponchanon's ill-health he has not been able to conduct the Sunday school regularly during the latter part of the year. Brother Hurrah has continued to per form his medical work zealously, bat latterly suffered a great deal from ill-health, and was therefore compelled to Dass a long period at Calcutta." The Treasurer's statement showed that the total receipts daring the year had amounted to £176 4s. 9d.; that £165 had been forwarded to Calcutta; and that with other expenditure the balance in hand had been reduced to £8 Ba. 9d. The Rev. EL J. Lixbebt said the situation of the mission field so far away from them hid the effect of lessening rather than increasing their interest in it. If they neglected doing their best to spread the Gospel throughout the world they were just as unfaithful a* though they omitted to teach the children and those around them who were without the knowledge of salvation. The Rev. H. Mohgait seconded th 9 msti >n in a few well-chosen remarks, ani the report was adopted. The Bey. J. Peice proposed that the o!fi:ers tor the ensuing year should be appointed as follows:—Secretary, Mr. S. Summers; Gjm mittee, the Revs. S~. Mead, M.A., LL.B., L. 6. Carter, J. Price, H. Morgan, and J. Gray; and Messrs. G.S. Beeby, B. W. M. Waddy, F.Hann, H-Bowec, B. Meilor, and J. V. Smith. The B«t. J. Gray seconded, and the matiou was carried. The Revs. 8. Head and M. Lloyd, who were also on the platform, participated in the ser vices. 