THE EDITOR'S ARM CHAIR, CHINESE SUPERSTITIONS. The recent publication of a volume on the "Folk-lore of China and its affinities" gives us some specimens - of Chinese superstition, whiihinsyAuicodthe reader, who may trace the "affinities at his leisure. like ourselves, the Chinese do; not like to break looking-glasses. To break a mirror is a sign of death in the family To break an oil jar is a still more fearful omen, sad the terror which Europeans attach to spill ing salt' is given among these Orientals to spilling oil. When a man is sick, they make an effigy of him by clothing a bamboo branch with his clothes. The head of the figure is represented by a mirror, and with this contrivance they Samde around the house where the patient is lying, or is supposed to be dying. The theory is that the fleeting spirit, seeing his face in the mirror inay^etura Ltd claiming' garments and re animate his body. A C&mesegardenis; a labyrinth of crooked paths and abrupt turns. The theory of this is that, as the evil spirits are continually in pursuit of men, they are to be kept out of the house by an ingenious distribution of impediments and involution of footpaths. Among the Chinese legends there is a period mentioned when these demons were so audacious that a man could not trust his wife or a woman her husband out of sight, for the demons as- sumed the shape of and semblance of mortals, and when a man's wife left him, he was never sure that the demon would not assume her aspect and form to pay him a visit. Among the secrets of money- getting, it is said that the ghost of a cat is the most capital agent for appropriating the property of others. The car is to be hung till dead, and the family desiring the assistance of the defunct puss go into mourning for her for seven weeks Then a memorial tablet of puss is hung up and worship paid to it. A small bag is placed near the tablet, and in the night the cat or her ghost goes and fills it. The bag is next day opened over a large empty chest, and enough rice or peas runs out to fill a wagon. Of course the envious neighbour say this must be the way in which some people get rich. There can be no other mode of accounting for it. 