THE POWER BEHIND THE PREACHER.* Dr. Bromby is quite right to challenge any : utterance of The Messenger from which he dissents. What we cannot defend we ; shall always be ready to withdraw. On the present occasion we defend. The words in our last number to which Dr. Bromby takes exception were reproduced^ as nearly as our memory served, from a sermon by the Rev. Oswald Dykes, and express to our mind the cainoiic aoccnne as to me preacner s gut. iuiytmng so prepos terous as a claim of inspiration or infallible truth for the sermon we have' not only not made, but explicitly repudiated. The view which we have attributed to the Church is that in every ordi nance of Christ's body, as in Christ's body itself, there are two elements— the divine and the human. In preaching, the human element is represented by the words, the thoughts, the tones, the eloquence or learning of the minister, with all that belongs to the composition or delivery Of his sermon ; but the divine element, that which alone gives efficacy to all the rest, is the gift to the preacher of Christ's Spirit for his office, authenticating his ministry, and conveying through his preaching as through ah instrument grace to men's souls. Turning at random to the pages of Dean Goulburn, Bishop Andrews, and Bishop Beveridge, we find our impression as to this being the view of the Church fully confirmed. Bishop Beveridge has these words : — 'All the efficacy that there is or can be in the administration of any ecclesiastical office depends altogether upon the Spirit of God going along with the office and assisting at the execution of it, without which the sacraments we adminis ter would be but empty signs, and our preaching no more than beating of the air. Whereas Christ, according to His promise, being always present by the Holy Spirit at the administration of the several offices which He has ordained in His church, they can never fail of their desired effect if the persons to whom they are administered be but rightly disposed and qualified for them.' And again, 'Whenever we read, preach, or publish the' Gospel as Christ taught, it, the Holy Spirit goes along with it, so that it becomes the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth.' And as if to meet the case of those who would draw a distinction here between one ordinance and another, and would allow that the sacrament takes no harm from the ill administrator, but would deprive preaching of all its efficacy when the preacher is poor in natural gifts, Bishop Beveridge proceeds :—' Take heed not to think the ivord and sacraments one jot the better or worse because administered by ? one person rather than another ; for they that do so, it is evident, regard the person more than the office, and then it is no wonder if they receive no benefit or advantage from it.' What is the difference then between our language and the standard teaching of our Church that Dr. Bromby should be so offended. ? Is it that to the effectual presence with the preacher of the Son and the Spirit we joined the presence of the Father 1 Are we to 9 Pee letter frojn Dr, Bromby on page J?f separate, then, the Persons of the Blessed Trinity, and to believe that the Father arid the Son are resident with the believer for . his own ; comfort, and edification, but. not with the minister, who is set for the comfort and edification of the Church ? Or is it that we made mention of the omnipotence of the Trinity as engaged in the ordinance 1 Should we have better satisfied our censor if we had spoken as if the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost could be present with the preacher, but their omnipotence be away 1 Dr. Bromby refers us to 1 Tim. iv. 15 in proof that a preacher '''has a gift, to be exercised as every other gift of God. ' We fail to find his qualifying expressions justified by his text. Timothy is to stir up, not ' a gift,' but 'the gift that is in him by the laying on of St. Paul's hands.' Now, we know that the gift conferred by laying on of the Apostle's hands was no other than the gift of the Holy Ghost. Dr. Bromby again explains this ' stirring up,' by reference to the original figure, as equivalent to feeding as a fire is fed with fuel — an idea obviously incompatible with the view of the gift taken by us. But Dean Alford comments on this passage — ' ' There is no need to recur to the literal sense, the metaphor being a common one,' and explains the phrase 'stir up' in the second epistle as equivalent to the injunction 'neglect not' in the first; with which agrees the paraphrase of Deari Goulburn — 'as flame not roused collapses.' That Timothy's own. spiritual progress was to be the result of his diligent use of his ministerial gift we willingly admit ; but how does this, conflict with the position we have maintained 1 