CURRENT TOPICS. In the excitement concerning the condemned criminals, Metcalf and Wilkinson, all thought of the Kellys has been allowed to die out. The continual asking of the stereotyped question, 'Where are the Kellys,' got so' painfully monotonous that, it may be sup posed, anything by way of a change was agreeable. Should any eccentric individual, however, still desire information relative to ' the family, he might be informed that the Kellys a^re still alive and prosperous. Ned is reported to have paid a visit to his sister's hut the other day to see his child (he still possesses a little paternal affection). The police started out in hot pursuit, but soon cooled down, and have since returned froin their riding exercise cheerful and happy. — Since writing the foregoing, information, said to be reliable, has been received to the effect that the Kelly gang are in the Puzzle 'Ranges, some twenty miles from Mansfield, and that a strong party of police are in pur suit. They are said to have come on Kelly's camp, and found two saddles and other: trappings (but the Kellys were not at home). Sub-Inspector Pewtress and other members of the force are said to be on a good scent. Their return is anxiously looked for, but the date is not definitely fixed. It is to be hoped that this particular party will be more successful than the others. ? ? -♦ ? ? The inquiry into the Monk shooting case has produced an unhappy revelation for that injured personage. The police magistrate, Mr. Panton, who held the inquiry, has come to the conclusion, reluctantly, that no shot was fired at Monk. It now transpires, ac cording to the result of the investigation, that Mr. Monk is in straightened circumstances, and his idea was to weedle the Government into helping him over the stile. If this is correct, for deep-laid financial schemes Mr. Monk's should undoubtedly take the palm. Yet it does not seem to have.been thoroughly well devised. According to the laws of gravitation, a bullet fired from the ground: into a saddle situated upon a horse's back will have an 'upward', tendency, not a 'downward.' You must live and learn, Mr. Monk. ? ? — ♦ — ; ? 'Here we live and hope on. Occasionally we get our wish; at times more. The latter was the case this week. We had been wishing for a brass band and fickle fortune sent us a hurdy-gurdy. It was played up one side the street and down the other, be tween the hours of eleven and half -past one, greatly stimulating the epicurean appetite. We preferred it when at the other side ; but like it still better where it is now— out of sight. Our thirst for circular music is quite satisfied. ? — : ? Probably some of our friends may have noticed the paragraph to which ' Epsilon,' in the Wagga Express of Wednesday last, re fers as follows : — ' Will anyone who is well versed in that terrible language, ' modern English,5 explain the following, which I find in an up-country joufnal : — 'A fire which occurred at the ? hotel, formed the nucleus of an inquest, &c.;' The nucleus is a nut I fail to crack. Possibly it is a cometary allusion to the concentrated brilliance of the paragraph.' Steady, Epsilon, steady ! ? 4. ? The following is related gratuitously as .a reminiscence of a bachelors' ? ball, and is quite true:— A rustic youth, who recently entered into- the felicity of the married state,: acted as chaperone to two young ladies— his sisters-in-law— to a bachelors' ball. The jubilant trio duly arrived in town, but were rather crest-fallen to find that accommoda tion at ' their' hotel was out of the ques tion. The rooms were all engaged, _ and not even the use of one could be had in which to ' dress for the ball.' The chaperone was unused to the anxieties peculiar to city life, and became so despondent that, in the full ness of his heart, 'the big; round tears coursed one another down his innocent nose, in piteous chase.' But his tender charge, with that hopefulness characteristic of the sex, were struck simultaneously with a grand idea : they had several friends in town, why not ask of any of them the temporary use of a private dressing-room for the required purpose. Happy thought. It was done; but not without further disappointment. Troubles never come alone.. Eventually their last chance was tried ; and this time a hospitable friend, under adverse circum stances, endeavoured to accommodate them. (A sigh of relief.) A room was shown, and, like Churchill's ghosts, ' silent all three went in ; about all three turn'd, silent, and stood there /' It looked now , as if another room was wanted. How ungrateful. The ladies were eager to' commenco operations, as the specified time for the opening of the ball was drawing nigh, and they seemed to hint to their chaperone for the first time that his protection could for a while be dispensed with. But he wanted to ' dress' also. In convenient, rather; but it was overcomo. He took up his bundle (not bed) and walked +rv n A-n rvf +Tia fvnn'f vArnm dah, where a light shining through a glass door seemed favourable for the purpose. Here things went along swimmingly for a time. A pair of boots was laid in one spot, close by a coat and waistcoat, on top a soiled collar, next a shirt, and when the glass-door was incautiously . opened by one ' of the unsuspecting family inside our hero was still further divesting himself. The reader must imagine the rest. '0, what men dare do ! what men may do ! what men daily do ! not knowing what they do. When the door was closed Mr. - ? finished .his 