A LEGEND OF O.OLOGNE; BY BMW HAUTE. ABOVH the bones St. Ursula owns, And those of the virgins she ohapomtos / Above the boats, And the bridge that floats, 1 And the Rhine and the steamer's smoky throats j Above the ohimneys and quaint tiled roofs, Above the otatter of wheels and hoofs j Above Newmarket's open Bpace, Above that oonsoratea nlaoe Where the genuine bones or the Magi seen are, And the dozen shops of the real Farina, Higher than even old Hohastram, Whose houses threaten the timid pas Ber; Above them all, ! Through soaffolds tall And spires like delioate limbs in splinters; The great Cologne's Cathedral stones , Climb through the storms of eight hundred j winters, Unfinished these, In high mid air The towers halt like a broken prayer j Through years belated, Unoonsura mated, ? The hope of its arohlteot quite frus trated. ; Its very youth They say, forsooth,. With a quite improper purpose mated j And every stone ' With a ou se of its own Instead of that sermon Shakspeare stated) i Sinoe the day its choir, ' Whioh all admire, By Cologne's Arohbishop was consecrated. j Ah I that WHS a day, # ! One well might say, To be marked with the largest, whitest atone . To be found in the towers of all Cologne! Along the Rhinq, From old Rheinatein, The people flowed like their OWJJ good wine. From Rudesheim, And Geisenhelm, And every spot that is known to rhyme j From the famed Cat's Castle of St. Goars. hausem, .. > To the piotured roofs of Assmannshausen j And down the trook, From quaint Sohwalbaoh i To the olusterinsr tiles of Bacharaoh i From Bingen, henoe To old Coblentz i I From every oastellated orag, Where the robber ohieftains kept their , " swag," ' The folk flowed in, and Ober» oftssol Shone with'the pomp of knighj and vassal j And pouring in from near and far, As the Rhine to its bosom draws the Ahr, Or takes the arm of tho sober Mosel, So in Cologne, knight, squire, andlosel, Choked up tho oity'a gates with men From old St. Stephen to Zint MUrjen. What had th'ey come to see P Ah mo! I fear no glitter of pageantry. Nor eaored zeal For Churoh's weal, Nor faith in the virgins' bones to heal i Nor ohildlike trust in frank confession Drow these, who, dyed in deep trans* gression, Still in oaoh nest On every crest Kept stolen goods in their possession j But only 'their gotii , For sbmething new, More rare than the " roast" of a wandering Jewj. ? Or-to be exaot, To see-in faot A Christian soul, in the very oot Of being damned, seoundum artem, By the aevil before a soul could part em. For a rumour had flown ' Throughout Cologne, That the Churoh, in faot, was the devil's own s . That its arohiteot (Being long "Buspeot,") Had confessed to the bishop that he had wreokt Not only his own soul, but had lost The very first Christian soul that crossed The sacred threshold s and all, in fine, For that very boautiful design . Of the wondorful ohoir They were pleaaod to admire. And really, he muab be allowed to say-»: To speak in a purely business way- ' That, taking the ruling market prioes ! Of souls and ohurohea, in suoh a crisis It would be shown And his Grace must own It was really a bargain for Cologne 1,1 Such was the tale That turned oheeks pale With the thought that the enemy i might prevail, i . ? . ; And the ohuroh doora snap With a thunder-dap On a Christian soul in that devil's trap. But a wiser few, Who thought that they knew Cologne's Arohbishop, replied, "Pooh, pooh! Just watoh him and wait, * And as sure as fate You'll flnd that the Bishop will give «oheok» mate."' One here might note . How the popular vote, ? As shown in all legends and anecdote, Daolares that a breaoh Of trust to o'erreaoh \ The devil is something quite proper for eaoh { And really, if you Give the aevil Ibis due, In spite of the proverb-it's something you'll But to lie and deceive him, To use and to leave him, From Job up to Faust is the way to receive hlra, Though no one has heard It ever averred That the "Father of Lies" ever yel broke Ai> word, f But has left this position, ? la every tradition, To be taken alone by the " Truth loving"' Christian! Bora! from the tower I It la the hour { The host pours in in its pomp and power Of banners and pyx, And high eruoiflx, And orosiers ana other processional stioks, <? And no end of Marys In quaint reliquaries, To gladden the souls of all true antiquaries; And an Osouhm Pffcis (A myth to the masses . Who trusted their bones more to mail and cuirasses), All borne by the throng Who are marching along To the square of the Dom with processional song-, With the flaring of dips, And bending of hips, And' the ohanting of hundred perfunofcory And some good little boys Who had oome up from Neuss And the QuMtmkircho to show off their voioe ; All maroh to the square Of the great Dom, and there File right and left, leaving alone and quite oare A covered sedan Containing-so ran The rumour-the vlotimto tako off tho ban. They have left it alone, They have sprinkled eta oh stone Of the poroh with a sanotifled Eau dt Cologne, Guaranteed in this case To dtoguise ewiy trace Of a sulphurous presence iii that aaorad plaoe. Two Oarmelitos stand ' On tho rltfht iiud loft haqd Of tho oovorod sedau ohatr, to wait) thj3 0jm« mand Of tho prelate to throw Up the oovor and show The form of the vlotlm in terror below. There's a pause and a prayer . Then the signal, and tnete-rr. Is a woman /-by all that is good and is fair! A woman! and known 1 To them all. One must own Too well known to the many, to«day to be shown As a martyr, or e'en As a Christian! A queen . Of pleaaaunoe and rovel, of glitter and sheen. So bad that the worst Of Cologne spake up first, And declared 'twas an outrage to suffer one ourst And'already a fief Of the Satanlo ohief, Tomartyr herself for the Ohuroh's relief. But in vain fell their sneer On the mob, who I fear. On the whole felt a strong disposition to oheer. A woman I and thpre She stands in the glare Of the pitiless sun and their pitying stare. A woman still young, With garments that olung To a figure, though wasted with passion, and wrung With remorse and despair, Yet still passing, fair, With jewels aud gold in her dark shining nair, And oheeko that are faint . 'Neath her dyes and her paint A woman most surely-but hardly a saint 1 She moves. She has gone1 Prom their pity and soorn; She has mounted alone The first step of stone. And the high swinging doors sne wide open; ' has thrown, . , Then pauses and turns As the altar blase burns On her oheeks, and with one sudden gesture sho Npurns. Arohblshbp and prior, Knight, iadye, aud friar, And her voioe rings out high from the vault ' of the oholr. ; "«Oh, men of Cologne I .' What X was ye have known. What I am, as I stand here, One knoweth alone. If it be but His will X shall pass froip Him still Lost, ouwt, and degraded, I reokon no ill If still by that sign Of His anger divine , One soul shall be, saved He hath blessed more than mine I Oh, men of Oologno I Stand forth if ye own A faith like to this, or more fit to atone, And take ye my plaoe, ' And God give you graoe 1 To stand and oonfront Him, like me, faoe to ? ? fftoe!" ". She paused. Yet aloof Thev all Btand. No reproof > Breaks the sllonoe tnat fills the celestial roof. One instant-no more She halts at the door, Then enters I . . , A flood from the roof to the floor , Pills the ohuroh rosy red. Sbp Is gone! But instead, Who is this leaning forward with glorified head And hands atrotohed to save P Sure, this is no Blave Of the Powers of Darkness, with aspeot so braveP They press to the door, But too late! All is o'er; Nought remains but a woman's form prone on the floor. n ' But they still see a trace Of that glow in her faoe, That tfyey saw In the light of the altar's high blaze, On the image that stands With the Babe in its hands. Enshrined in the ^churches of all Christian ' lands. A To J)ewn sung, ' ; A censer hkh swung, With praise, benediction, and inoense wide flung, Froolaim that the cum ; la removed-and no worse * lathe Dora for the trial-in fftot/thewvew0' . Por instead of their losing A soul in abusing ' The Evil One's faith, they gained one of his ohoosing. Thus the legend is told, .You will find in the old Vaulted aisles of the Dom-stiff in marble , ? or oold .. ? . , . ' . , ? ' In iron and brass, In gown and ouirass. , , | The knights, priests, and bishops who came tothafrMoss, And high o'er the rest, . ' With her Babe at her breast, The Image of Mary Madonna-the blest. ; But you look round in vain, On eaoh high piotured pane, < Por the woman most worthy,to walk in her train. Yet, standing to-day . , O'er the dust and the olay, 'Midst the ghosts of a. life that has long passed away,' With'the slow-sinking sun . Looking softly upon . That stained-glass prooession, I soaree miss the one That it does not reveal, ' Por I know and I feel That those are but shadows-the woman waareal. -Belgravia, OH WEDDING KINGS.-From very early ages a peculiar charm appears to havp been connected with the ring, Without beginning or , end, it has long been regarded as an emblem of eternity, and aleo of the strength and perpetuity of aflttotion. The fourth flqger of the left hand has long been oon oidered eaored, and henoe has been oonee orated to wear the wedding ring. Tbe Greeks and Rimana were BO fully convinced of the intrinaio value attaobed to this finger, that it was onlled the medjonl or beating Auger, Their various medioln&l; preparations were stirred with it in place of n spoon, it being supposed that should any noxious ingredient be inoluded in the eup, warning of the fact, would immediately be given by a palpitation of the heart. Ia Bome remote country places in Bngland this superstition is eiill firmly belibved in; The other fingers are thought to possess a certain power of evil( but a wound or sore strobed by the wedding Qoger is expected by them in a short time to dis appear ; and the wedding ring, itself is by many supposed to have the name healiog efteot. The rings used by the Jews at their marriage ceremonies were sometimes very largo iu sine, and elaborate in design i the Jewish law demanded, too, that they should be of a certain value, and to prove this to be the ease, they were before the ceremony submitted to an examination. It was a rule, also, that the bridegroom should purchase tbe ring out of his own private resources, and not obtain it either on oredit or as a gift from a friend; and after tbe ring had been plaoed on the bride's finger, the marriage was considered then, as it is now, to be irrevocably binding. Among the fishermen on the west coast h Ireland tho wedding ring is kept as an heirloom in tbe family, and is considered as tbe properry of tbe eldest taarried daughter, consequently many ol the wedding rinj?s still worn by the fish wives in that district ava quite old and of exceedingly ancient design, beln'g manu factured as far baels as the E issabetban era, In tbe sixteenth century, both marriage and betrothal rings were made with a motto or posy inscribed inside, end to these Shaba* peare, in two or three of his plays, yefers. Cmtwi Mfiwm JHmmry, 