IRt. SIMITI'S ITEM. He came into the office, and draw Ing a chair up close to a reporter's table he said to the reporter: ." Take a piece of paper and I'll give you n good item." When the porter was ready the visitor began; " Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Smith my wife, you know-and my daughter drove out with my bay ware for a little ride. Jenny was -driving the mare, coming down from Mount Airy to the Wissahicken, when, just below below the crest of the hill she kicked off one of her shoes." "Jenny did?" " No; the mare. Mrs. Smith, how over, concluded to go on, as thl roads were soft and the mare quiet; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down, the hill." " Let Mrs. Smith or the mare?" " The mare, of course. ' A few min utes later, however, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a flyor something bit her upon the nose." "Upon Jenny's nose or her mother's?" "No, No I . The mare's nose bit the mare upon the nose. and Jpnny hardly had time to get back into tl( carriage before she began to rear and plunge in a most alarming man ner." "Not Jenny?" " 0, pshaw, the animal, the mare. Mrs. Smith of. course, was very muoh frightened, for the n~are seemed really excited, and she began to scream vio lentlv, and to try to get out of the back of the carriage." "' The mare sdid?" "Mrs. Smith. But Jenny told her she could manage the mare if she, would sit still." " If the mare would sit-?" " If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke, and Jenny was unable to prevent the mare from dashing down the bill at a frightful pace. When they came to the bridge over the creek, Mrs. Smith was over joyed to observe the mare come to a dead stop; but,' unhappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck her, and-" " Srruck Mrs. Smith, or the-? :" Don't you understand? Struck the more, and before Jenny could com prehend the situation, she reeled about upon. the bridge in an 'uncertain sort of way, while Mrs.' Smith .was com pletly unnerved-and withou't self-con' trol, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault :over the side of the bridge into the water."' " Are you referring now to- Mrs. Smith, or Jenny, or the mare?", "'Why, 'the marel Of course she dragged the carriage in with her, and Mrs Smith and Jenny in it;' All three sank to the bottom; ,but the mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped'her: by the tall, As they swam past Mrs. Smith, Mrs.' Smith 'clutched- at her dress-'9 "Not the mare's dress?" "At Jenny's dress,. and 'this 'forced her to loose lher hold upon the tail." "I thought you said Jenny had hold of the tall, not Mrs. Smith?" "So I did.- Mrs. Smith had hold of thte-tlhe' mare-I mean, yes, Jeinny had Isold of the mare's tall, and Mrs. Smith had hold of liher dress .- " "' Whose dress, Jenny's,,or.the-?", •' You krinow very well whad I mean., Mrs. Smith 'held on to Jenny and Jenny. , thebo mare, but Mrtl Smith pulled her loose unintentlonsally,"and 'as the mare swam off Mrs. Smith ??aid to her-" ' "' To the mare?. ! "Yout think youi're smart nows don't you? You know well: seioughi msan "'l.ell theba ennysaid to the mare; what?'i.. , r '"I've got a notion to punclh your hand 'for you, you scoundrel.", ' Vhat did she say that for? "I came iu here," 'said Mr.';Smlth flurcely, " to give you a flrstriate item, and I was going to tell you wlihat iMr.l lSmith nsaid 'about the ''?mire being dragged from the water, andd hbow she turned somersaults all the way bhomes but hanged if I'll do it now. T he reporter road slowly,' and ele v-atlian'a chnir to ward"off the missile, he csitnly Inquired: ' " What "object had AMrs. Smith in turning somerdanlts" all'. the way homent" ', " .." . The people'wllho saw Smith come downstralrsi.,ttl'mergis from'the front door say lie looksed's s'W;lito as if he b d just seels it ghost,--Piiiladelphia Bullettn, ' "u _ o..- - .... 