BUTLER'S CATECHISM. The reports of the Herald have told us that the so-called religious instruction of the children in Roman Catholic schools consists chiefly in the learning or reciting of Butler's Catechism. The Herald has given certain extracts so that the public may judge of the teaching. We propose to give a few more quotations, that our Protestant people may see what Dr. Vaughan calls "religious teaching" in comparison with the " godless teaching " of the Public school. The Catechism has been drawn up, not so much to give religious information, as to make the chil dren Papists from the beginning — " a thorough Catholic instruction," by pressing upon them the falsehoods which the Church makes the pillars of her system. The " Apostles' Creed " is taught and explained just as if the Apostles had written it ; but the Apostles never had anything to do with it. No doubt it is very ancient, and it has obviously been added to since its first formation ; but to tell children that it is the " Apostles' Creed" in such a way as to prepossess them with the notion that the Apostles wrote it is just to begin by telling them lies. Again, the Catechism tells the chil dren that Jesus Christ became man on the 25th March "the day of the Annuncia- tion," and that he was born on "Christ mas Day," 25th December. But both statements are historical falsehoods. Everybody knows that Christ was not born on " Christmas Day ;" and as for the 25th March, there is not a particle of proof that it was the day of the Annuncia- tion. But it is very necessary for the Church to tell the children these false hoods, that they may believe in after years that the feasts of the Church have something of truth in them. Again, the Catechism teaches the chil- dren that " Christ descended into hell," or as it is thus explained, into "limbo." And then it asks, " Who were in limbo ?' It says "the saints who died before Christ." But there is not a word of truth in this ; and the passages referred to as proving it, prove nothing of the sort. When Peter says that Christ " went and preached to the spirits in prison," the passage is only half quoted, and falsely, to give colour to the notion that there is a " limbo " or upper part of hell, where the Fathers were before Christ's advent But the passage truly quoted says nothing of the kind. " Christ preached by his spirit " in the days of Noah ; he preached through Noah to the disobedient in his day ; but as they continued disobedient and were destroyed, they were, when Peter wrote, " spirits in prison." But Popery cannot interpret Scripture, nor will it allow any one to interpret it for himself; and so the invention of Limbus, or the upper rim of hell, is a fiction which is taught the chil- dren, which they are bound to believe simply because the Church commands them ! Again, the children are taught — " How are we known to be Christians ?" and the answer is, " By being baptized, by profess- ing the doctrine of Christ, and by the sign) of the cross." In the days of the primi- tive Christians, the people called them "Christians" because of their ''likeness to Christ'" " they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus;" but we; never read about the "sign of the cross." That important part of Popish religious teaching cannot be found anywhere in the Scriptures. The Apostles entirely forgot to explain the mystery of "making the sign of the cross ;" but the children of Dr. Vaughan's schools are told very solemnly that in making the sign of the cross " we beg that Jesus Christ by his cross and passion may bless and protect us ;" and then they are assured that the making of this sign has great power and efficacy, " particularly in all temptations and dangers." The first Christians were greatly wronged because the Apostles did not tell them about the virtue and com- fort of making the sign of the cross ! Again, the children are asked, " Where are true Christians to be found ?" And they are told to answer, " Only in the true Church." Of course : but then the children are told more than that. They are next asked which is the true Church? and the answer is taught them " the Holy Catholic Church." Exactly ; but this is not explicit enough ; for then they are asked " Is there any other true Church but the Catholic one !" and of course the children are taught to say " No ;"— " no one can be saved out of it ;" " all are obliged to be of the true Church'' the true Church is " the Roman Church ;" it is the Church that is "subject to the Pope ;" and the " Pope is Christ's Vicar, and the head of the Church, and the successor of Peter, who was first Pope and Bishop of Rome." This last bit is very important for the children to know. They are taught that all other churches are no churches at all. They are taught to regard themselves as the only Christians. They are told to look upon the Pope as the " living Christ " — the voice of God — the speaking of God — the infallible teacher of God — and as the visible representative of the Holy Ghost, who is with the Pope and the pastors subject to him, and with no others. The children are taught that out of their Church, the Church of Rome, there is no salvation ; that all are obliged to be Papists else they cannot be saved ; that all who are not subject to the Pope are perishing ; but in addition to all this, and to make it certain, the children are assured that Peter was the first Pope and the first Bishop of Rome. But here again historical falsehood is needed to corrupt and prejudice and mislead the children. Not one single particle of proof can be given for this wilful corruption. If the children were allowed to read the Bible, they would see that Peter never was Pope, never assumed to be Pope, never acted as Pope, never was regarded by the other Apostles as Pope, and never was thought of as Pope because of anything which Christ said about the " Rock ;" for if Peter was the " Rock of the Church," because Christ said, "upon this rock I will build this Church ;" he was also " Satan ;" for Christ said only two minutes after, " Get thee behind me Satan, for thou art an offence to me." But the his- torical falsehood that Peter was the first Bishop of Rome is too gross to be enter- tained by anybody who is allowed to read and think. The falsehood could not sur- vive a day if it were not that the children are corrupted by it from the beginning. It is forced down their throat by those who know how to make use of it afterwards ! They know quite well that the fable, about Peter's Popedom for twenty-five years is about as true as the fable of Jack the Giant killer. If the children were left in the Public school until they have learned to read and think, there would be no hope of their being corrupted into the acceptance of the fable of Peter's Pope dom ; therefore the corrupting process must begin at the beginning, or Peter's cause would be lost ! 