Old Chalky. , I have a skeleton in my house, but I do not imitate j common herd by keeping it in a closet, for I keep it i long deal hoi, whioh is stowed away in ono cernot a literary lumber room situated on the first floor ni tho sky. This skeloton is not a metaphoric ekelet« snoh as every body keeps in a closet, but a real (an might almost say a five) ono, composed of substant caloium and its various oompóunds, and one, to whioh mostly lies as quiet as all respectable skoletx generally do, or, at least, ought to do. I have gu tbiB skeleton tho name of Old Chalky, a soubriqi Waich aptly expresses its present physical oonditn ho mystery of its presence in my houso is expían tho faot that a momber of my family is a medi itudont, and often consumes tho midnight oil foring over Old Chalky's boaos. . The room in whioh Old Chalky IB kept is trul; literary lumbor room, for all sorts of things aro stoi in it. ViolinB- some of whioh aro bad, some gc and somo neither,-hang on tho walls. A violinoe r.oarly ono hundred yearB old, and not muoh tho b tor for its ago, stands in one oorner, whilo piled sholves in a stato of apparent promiscuous oonfusi lie troatises on natural philosophy, works on hi »ony and counterpoint, bound volumes of part-so music, orchestral scores of Boethovon, Mozart, Glui and Wobor'B works, and also of tho .works of otl authors, unbound volumoB of the Athenoum, Musii Record, Musioal Times, and Orchestra, aoienti journals of various kinds, electrical and ohomii apparatus, Magazines and Eoviows, elcokro-magno coil machinos, a small Berry's printing press, apilo ancient and modern operas, along with bundles papers containing soraps of poetry half finished prom ing tales whioh never got boyond the first cbapfe snatohoB of melodies written at favourable monionl and a host of other things. In faot; a moro glan at tho room would bo sufficient to show ' to ai observing visitor, that the usual ocoupant of it mu bo one of those unwarrantably disorderly follows wi can never wear their neckcloth as other pooplo d nor koop their dwelling in a proper state of ordt Tho room is tabooed to womankind,, being a Bort Bluebeard's room into whieh nothing wearing pet coats dare onter. My fair readers mil probably si that this is the roason why tho contents of the roc are in suoh a Btato of hopoloss disordor ; but let thc not lay that flattering unction to their soul, for ti disorder is only apparont, not real. To my oyo it porfoct ordor, for I know whore,t"» find anything want, whereas if I wore to allow Betsy to como and ".put everything straight," or sot tho room rights, I should not be able to fathom tho mysteri of the apartment for a month afterwards. In this room I sometimos sit, write, and read, bo in tho daytime, and occasionally far into the nigi and it was in this room that tho vory ouriouB ovo: which I am about to dosoribo ooourred, and wi witnessed by my own ears and oyoa; I do notai tho reader to bolievo implicitly what I am going .tell him, booauBO if he wore to toll the samo story i me I should reocivo his statement with the oustomai allowance of salt, and henoe I supposo that ho wi ¿ot upon tho same principle, in accordance with tl maxim that what is sauce for tho gooso is sauce f< tho gander. '< ' . I am not addiotod to tippling. Wine-bibbing an bsor-bibbiug aro not tho yanitiea I patronise. 1 praotioe I have always folt inoliuod to roverso two i tho ossontial conditions of the celebrated Highga oath, that is I prefer drinking small beer rather ths strong ale, and eating brownbr«ad rathorthan whit But, though as a rulo, I am habitually Bober, yot confoBS that on a reoont occasion. I consumed tv wholo nobblors, just by way of oementing frioudshi; lovo, and unity botwoen myself and an old frion whom I mot in Oxford-street. We went into tavorn and oaoh of na drank tho quantity of liquor have montioned. Whether tho rogueish . host, pei oeiying that I was a greenhorn in the spirit business put somothing short into niy glass, orwhotherm; customary absteraiouenoss in- rogard to liquo: rendered me mbre susceptible to tho potent sway o alcohol than other mon are, is a point whioh I canna determino ; but certainly I had a very extraordinary experience on my woy home. ' l am thoroughly oer tain that the flagstones of the pavement flew up anc hit me in tho faoo several times, and lam all tho mon oonvinoed of thisby tho faot that for several days afterwards my faoo nore the marks of those blows, ] am also certain that I saw ia oho part,of tho strooi two street lamps moat gracefully waltzing, althougl ordinary obaervers could see only ono standing quit« still. But notwithstanding tho retarding influence whioh tho observing of phenomena of this kind exerted ovor my homeward course, I got safo homo, and straightway proceeded up stairB to my room. Boating mysolf, I took up a fine old violin', on whioh I Borapo a littlé oooasionally,, and began to disturb tho neighbourhood with a fow operatic airs. I had just scratched out a few bars of the ' Miserere in Tro vatoro, when my attention was suddenly attracted by a slight noise in the skeleton's box. I started, listened, and thought- I heard tho bones of the ekoleton ratfclo. I oalmod my mind, howovor/ by in dulging tho rofleotion which arises spontaneously in tho mind undor such circumstances, namoly,-thot there must bo either a mouse or a rat in the.box, and I was just going to havo a hunt aftor tho snpposed intruder, when to my profound astonishment, I saw tho lid of tho box very gently pushed up, and tho nkoloton rising Blowly out of tho box. I was paralyaed by a fooling compounded of fear and wonder, the latter predominating. My first thought was to run away, and my second to romain seated, but even if I had persisted in carrying out my first thought, tho movoment of tho skeloton would havo provented my exit from tho apartment. Raising itsolf up, and Bteppingout of tho box, it deliberately walkod across the room to tho tablo at whioh I was sitting, and with a light movement of the lower jaw, bearing a fanoied resemblanoo to a ghastly smile, it stretched out its bony hand, and in ahoarBo sepulchral voido oxolaimed " Howaro you old fellowt" I am naturally polito, and on the spur of tho mo ment, and without thinking of what I- was doing, I replied "Vory well, thank you; how are you ?'? I waa juBt going to indulge my tasto for the hnmourons by aBkingthac ineffably funny question,, namely, " How are your poor foot?" but, on looking down at mv friend's fleshless toes, I «aw that he had neither shoes nor stookings on, therefore I oonoludedthat ho might regard a question of that kind as a personal reflec tion upon his condition, and so I did not put it. I asked him to sit down, and handed him a ohair, which he acoeptcd. " I beg pardon," I said, "but I havo not the pleasure of knowing your name." "My name," ropliod tho skeloton, "is Henry Jones. I was a Professor of Political Economy at an English University, and passed through tho procosa whioh .poople on your sido of tho dividing river call death, about nino or ton years aero. Tho event occurred in London. I was decontly intorrod, and might havo .remained in my grave until tho chemistry of nature had completely reduced my organism to its primitive 'elements, had it not been for the fact that a rasoally wiatamist, who during my earthly lifo owed mo a grudge, paid a considerable sum of money to a rcsur. reationist for my body, in order that he migh malioionaly enjoy the pleasure of converting me mt a skeleton. After soaking my corpse in lime an some other villainous compounds for a long time m bones became reduced to the condition in which yo now find them." "Alas, poor ghost!" I almost involuntarily ei olaimed. " From my soul, I pity you." u 0, yon need not pity me," ho replied, " for I ai as comfortable in my altered position as any skeleto need be or ought to bo expected to bo. Don't thin that it is the bones which you see with the bodil eye that are now talking to you, for bones could nc talk; butthefaotis my bones aro now animated b my ghost, or, in other words, my truo spiritual se! now Bpeaks to you. On our sido of the great rive we have meanB of producing sounds which you cai not conceive of, but in all oases we can produc desiderated offeotB only by employing tho forceB c matter, and as theso admit of endless modification! it matters very little to us whether wo are united i; the calcium of thoboneSjtho phosphorus of the brail or a granite blook." " I cenfoss that is a mystery to me," I said. "But," replied he, "you will understand it a when you como into our world. There is a tim coming when your arms will be as fleshless as thes bonos of mine are now." As he said this ho stretohe out his band with a jerk that made the oondyles o his humerus snap and rattle against his ulna an radiuB in a curious and rather ap allin g manner. "Well," I said, "aR thoro is no use in attempting t fathom mysteries which exceed my comprehension, will ask your opinion on a subject which I can under stand, and as yon aro, or rather I Bhould say woro, i University profossor, you can doubtless give me th information I roquiro. Tho question I want you t answer is this :-' Why do univorsitieB seok aid fron the public funds of the countries in which they ar established, whilo they at tho same timo adopt sud regulations as effectually preoludo tho working olasso from deriving any bonont from university instruo tion?'" "Mydoar Bir," replied Old Chalky, "you hav asked a'curious and rather difficult question. I will however, answor it fairly, a thing which I probabl; would not have dono had tho question been propose) to me whilst theßo bones woro olothod in flosh Death," ho continued, " iß a wonderful eyo opener, fo: itremovos tho blindness of ignorance, as well as tb dogmatism of projudioe." Now, whether it was tho "wee drap" whioh I ha< imbibed when I mot my friend, or an unusual clear noss of vision which came upon mo at the moment I cannot say, but oortainly.I fancied that i saw i sort of roguish twinkle in the skeleton's eye as h( Baid this, a»d thorofore stood upon my guard witt respect to the information he seemed about to giv( mo, lest it should bo of the usual kind and moro oi less delusive. I oxpootod to be told that no one whe might choose to enter a university in the proper waj was ever excluded, &c;, and henoe waited for the skeleton's answer in a state of expectancy, but 1 soon discovered that I was wrong in my judgmeni altogether, for the answor of Old Chalky eonvincod mo that ho had become a comploteradipal since he had shuffled off the mortal coil. . " My dear follow,"he said, "tho reason why univer sities aBk for Bupport from the publio funds is the essential meanness of the wealthy classes. As a general rule the more wealthy a man is tho moro avaricious he, is. Thoro aro exceptions, such as Peabody and a fow othors, but they do not destroy tho rule. Tho genorality of woalthy people arc intensely and insufferably mean. Thoy will take money wherever they can got it, irrespective of those who supply it. Tho Univei sitios of Sydney and Melbourne furnish illustrations of this statomont. Both theso institutions olaim support fro» the pub lio funds on the ground that learning ought to be en couraged, and then practically exclude by their ! arrangements the groat mass of the people from participating in tho benfits derivable from attendance on a university course. They make attendance on lectures compulsory, asd they oharge such high foes as poor men's sons are unable to pay. They thus make the labourer, the maid of all work, the tradesman, and the chimney-sweep contribute alike to support tho eduoation of tho wealthy ; for the labourer, servant maid, tradesman, and chimney sweep contribute to the revenuo as well as thorioh. The rich man's son, therefore, reçoives his eduoation partly at the expense of the poor, and tho essential meanness and avarice of the wealthy lead thom to keep the Bystom up for their own benefit." "0, but you must be mistaken," I said, "for the rioh contribute handsomely, to the funds of universi ties. You will find thom ever ready to adorn Beats of learning with pictures, and statues, as well as to found scholarships for tue benefit of poor students." "Well, there is semething in that," he replied, I'but nevertheless, when all is said that can be said in their favour, there will still remain a largo residuum of meanness chargeable to their aoeount, because they help out their own contributions by adding to them funds contributed by the working olassos. And then there is the eclat of the affair." "Oh!" I Baid, "that love of fame to whiehyou allude is a weakness that pertains to UB all, rich and pooraliko. And really-1 don't seo why wo should refuse the meed of our approval to a man merely beoause he happens to be distinguished by ono of tho most prominent attributes of human nature." " I perçoive," ho said, " that you labour under an illusion. I think, however, that yon would alter your opinion if you would consider the subjoot frem a par liamentary point of view. Let somo honourable member bring a Bill into parliament proposing to throw the University of Sydney open to tho sons of tho poor and at tho oxpense of the country, and you would find the measure opposed by all tho rich mon in tho colony, on the ground that it would entail expense upon the nation, and yet ono half or more of tho sum required to make university instruction free te all ia voted without a grumble, eithor annually as a grant, or in one sum UB an endowment, and solely for the purpose ef enabling the sons of the rich to be partly educated at the expense of tho people. The truth is that tho 'upper ten,' as they complacently stylo themselvoB, do not want poor mon's sons to be placed on an equality with their own children, but they are quite agreeable that the poor should be taxod in order to give young Dives university advantages in com mencing the battle of lifo." " As I am convinced," I said, "that a university professor of political economy out of the flesh must know more about political questions than anyone in this life oan possibly do, I would like to get your opinion of some of our leading politicians." " Well," he replied, " they one and all just care as mnoh for tho people as I do for the mob of unfortu nates that aro now roaming through tho wildorness of Lower Hades. Their object seems tobo twofold, 1st, to waste the timo in endless speechification, and 2nd, to foathor thoir nests as quickly and as deeply as possible out of the public funds. The more notorious sinners "amongst them, thoso who aro always going to Bay one word, which invariably enlarges into a lon? speech, will have to endure an awful punishment when they cross over. They will be compelled to address an audience of dummy puppets, so arranged that at tho end of every ten minutes thoy all cry out ; 'hear .'hear!' When the orator's speeeh is concluded I he is siezed by tho Eumenides and dragged int< j another apartment whoro he is forcefully orammec [with a compound, corresponding to a mixtnr< I of sott soap, sawdust, and brimstone, aftei which ho is again placed before tho dummy audience and compelled to either make a new speech or re deliver an old ono. Tho process is repeated without rest or intermission of any kind, it may be for oom tories, and thus becomes a terrible punishment in« deed. At first it was thought by somo of om authorities that to compel live ghosts to listen to the speeches of these political criminals would bo a suit« able modo of punishing tho worst characters in Hades, but upon further consideration this punishment was deemed too severe for any living ghost, and then an audience of puppets was de vised as tho only audience that could possibly endure such interminable speechifying. But," ho continued, "I find my timo is getting short. I have heard the cock crow once, and Bhould I hear him again I must ba off." Oh," 1 said, "pray don't bo lin such a hurry. I have a hundred or moro questions to ask you before you go. I want to know the history of your earth life and your adventures in ghost-land, your studies in your new state of existenoo, tho habits, manners, and custems of ghosts, whether you drink half- and-half er any ambrosial liquid corresponding thereto on your side of tho river or not, and whethor you wore over in love, and if yon were whether that master passion mado such a complote fool of you as it makes of every body else." " You're a prooiousinquisitive customer," ho said, and when ho said this his jaw-bones snapped with apparent rago, and he dashed with an unearthly rattle into his box. Tho lid shut with a flap, and as it did so tho cook crew, while a thin streak of rosy light betokened tho coming day. A oold shivor per vaded my frame as I rose from my seat, for I felt convinced that I had been talking to a skoleton all night, and also that I was in a fit state to appreciate a warm fire and a bottle of hook and soda water. I will not, however, either slander or insult tho reader should he not sharo this conviction with mo, but will content myself with assuring him that however im probable my story may appear, it is just as probable as ono half of tho stories of tho period. 