Extracts. -JnvereU Time: A Skll.—Not ft ooutury ago, n innrried lady rosidont of this neighbourhood Bolicitcd from ft gentleman of her no qliKintnneo'tlio teiniior.iry nccoin'inodalion of ten pounds, and as security for his re payment gavo him a hnndsonio nnd Pari sian shawl. Somu timo subsequently, sho indited a pratty liltlo thrco- coruorad per fuinod billet to the gallant creditor, requesting him to moot her nt ft cortnin placo on mi evening named, when on the restitution of tho ahnwl, sho was prepared to repay tho loan. Both partios wero punctual to tho appointment, unci tho gentleman was in tho act of handing over the cashmere, when the " indignant husband ,, suddenly confronting him, demanded how he dared to muko an assignation with hie wife. Tho gontlo innn confounded, dropped Iho shawl, and bent a rotroat. Tho lady, who in tho mirpriso of Hiich nn unexpected rccontro had qiiito forgotten to hand over tho ton notes, then affectionally took hor hus band , h nrtii| nnd strolled homowarde in tho c<iol of ft lovely evening. Tho nboro is a " fact."— Tenlcrfield Independent. The Bkaiid and Longevity.—That tho wearing of tho beard has soiuo tendency to prolong lifo is a fact. Longevity decrensed rapidly in all nations whon, for fashion's Bake, tho razor was brought into use. Statistics blionv that among pcoplo who havo never worn whiskers, no matter how simple may have boon thair other habits of life, old ngo is ft rnro thing,' and that siuoo it ha-i become fashionnblo to wear moustaches nnd whiskors longevity is on tile incronso. ' I WILL toll you tho greatest and aorost vexation of my life.' eaid an Australian coKmi?t ono day. 'In tho year 1810 I went up to B whoro gold woe being found in large quantities. Tliero was ft great rush. I discovered a very .'promising epot, and went in all hasto to secure tho claim. On my wny I met . an ?M chum I had not soon for yoarg. ' Hβ was in great spirits, and insisted on my turning back to havo refreshment and smoke ft cigar. We had our refreshment nnd parted. I wont to Hecure tho claim, and found myself twenty minutes too Into. Disappointed and vexod, I looked nut another spot, which howevor wa? not to my min'l. The man who had . secured tho lir?t cluiin matlo a handsomo fortune out of it in a short time. While ' ho was turning nut iiumciiHo noggolx, gold aim out in shovelfuls, I wan lircnklng my toolx, my health, and my heart amonget ueeloNH rulvbinli.till at length nick, des paring, and petiiiilosi", I gnvo it up and enmo away. It' is now morn than twenty years eiuco; I have- worked liard for a, living ;Tafn a> poor man to thii "day,: I .will end my day? .in .hard-'.Work, a poor raan: ? For a. friendly clmt and a oigar I lost up?: opportunity of 'my life.. The opportunity' ciino and Went -in twenty minute*. When I am. weary, and hard pressed, tho remembrance of that lost claim' women and madilens mo, to go, against ouo's Own judgment and in terbats merely to please another—what a 'fool I , — City Prt?: Tiik Otp Game.—We do not know whether it is n result of hard times', or that 6OUIO peoplo aro growing: more barefaced, that tho disrcputablo practice of news paper borrowing is becoming an increas ing nuisance, and ono of which tho chief sinnom deserve to be held ' np to public reprobation and posted by. name. Kvory week -vro havd- loud complaints on. this matter, and in fact we loso good sub scriber* on tho ground that they will hot, continuo'.to pay for nowspapera for . the delectation of richer but nioniier , people. In tho early part-of the pronent woeft, a lending victim came to our office, arid asked for a copy of Saturday's' paper, cay- ing that hia copy ,waa .borrowed a few ininutCH after it was delivered on Satur day morning-, and ho had jiever soon it again. Thie .praetieo our informant toils iia is becoming- such a nuisance- to ! him that ho will harq to-give the paper .up.again, aVho had beforo from tho' eatno cause.- Spine persone . rofuso to tako'a local paper from personal motives against the conductors, tiut tlioy lik'o to too the paper for allthat." Out town runner lolls us of certain individuals ho Uvigs evory Saturday morning, tli/it he bcob .waiting for the,, paper to bo delivered.at a neigh-' bor's house, who happims to bo. a Biib- Bcriher, and then pop over to gat tho first road of it. This contemptible moannoss wo.are sorry to Bay .is not -confined 'to porsonK of Tnodora'to. circumstances, but is chiefly to be found amongst .those of amplo inoane, who aro drawing good scrowH, and wear, long coaU. . Tho .chief remedy is,* however, to bo found in tlioso who p?y for tho paper declining to lend, for as long aa they aro lenders, thoro will always be found thoso who aro menu ' enough to borrow.— TenltrfitUl Star. Rather Rich .—Funnier things really linppon than over woro imagined or in vontod by tho humorists. Ono of the numerous, claee of chovnlier d'ihdustrio of tho lionnefin stnnip gavo a cliequo to a tradesman lately. Tho wily trader sus pecting something wrong, kopt his cliont in tho Bhop while ho dispalohcdn olurk , to tho bank with thu 'cash equivalent,' which was roliirned soon, marked with tho mystic but significant letters N.S.F. Showing this to the would-bo Bwindler, ho demanded of him how ho dared to come that gamo with him ? The. delinquent Icokod at tho cheque and tho shopkeeper, and mused, ' N.S.F., N.S.F. I what can that moan?' 'Mean, sir? why, it menus not aulliciont funds". , ' Donr mo—not Burficie.it funds. Well,, well, I thought that bank was aa safe an possible.' And out ho marched.— Bandigo Advertiser. Reason ok Instinct.—Dr. J. Lanronco- Hamilton, writing to tho Times. recently, describod the following singular incident which ho witnessed : —" A boy removed a small spider to place if. in the coutro of a big Hpider'B wob which was hung among foliage, and distanco some 4 feet from tho grouud. The larger animal soon ruahed from its hiding place under tho loaf to attack tho intruder, who ran up ono of the ascending lines by which tho web was secured. Tho big insuct gained rapidly upon its desired proy, tho smaller croaluro (epidorH iv.ro eaiinibals, notably the larger females, who aro given to de vour their smaller malo lovers.) When tho little spider was barely an inch in ad vanco of its pursuer, the small epidor cut with one of its posterior legs, tho line bo hind itself, bo that the stronger insect fell to the ground, thus affording timo and opportunity for tho diminutive spidor to otcnpoalongthoasconding ropo of thu wob. This is not tho only fact which eocins to iudicato that a spider's instinct may al most equal reason. ,. Ghosts'Balls.—Ghosts' Imlis aro (lie latost novelty among American fnnliion ablos. Tho dancers wrap thonisolvon in sheots, which entirely conceal tho head and ball dress, disguise themsolvoe further by putting on cardboard noses, and, affecting a different voice, then glido about saying all kinds of satirical thing? to each otbor, while tho fun con sists in endeavouring to discover who is who. Much harmless enjoyment might bo had in thia way, taking cure, of courso to avoid hurting anyone's feelings by too personal remarks. It is a pity tho HCRSon for dances is just ovor, else some of our fashionables in soarch of novellios might adopt tlioao ghosts' assemblies, which havo thrown calico balls quite into llio sbado in Ainoricn. A Deskhtbd Country.—A correspon dent informs us (London Times) thut ho recently wroto to a woll known authority, on South American statistics, a gantlemnn woll known in Buenos Ayrps and tho Enetorn South Ainorioan States, asking him concerning a reported census of Paraguay. Tho reply was, " When I was in Paraguay, in Septombor, 1876, llio pooplo had all loft—gone upon rafts lo tho Brazilian port of Corumba. I stood in tho Mayno streot of what had been llio capital, Callo de loa P?lmae, at 9 a.m., and asked the Brazilian Minister, ' Is this tho best street?' to which, ho replied, ' Yes, and although you eco'no iuliabi- ' Inula now, the.ru will bo at sundown a dozen women going wil.h water jars to tho river si'do'.' ? Varaguay iH a howling wilderness ; the only, census you could make would bo of orange trees." An AkfuctionaTk .? Fathbk.— : At tho. Ecliuca Sessions, a- youth of 18," .named Robort Mamiltpn, was con.victcdof house breaking on several' charges. On being called np for (sentence, bissiater appoarod and pleaded for him,' attributing his erroisto tho Hovority with which ho was trented by, his fathor, a farmer owning 1000 acre* of land at Mount Hope. Constable Coffey, of Torriiuihnrry, Bworo thnl tho. father said it was glnd tidings' when ho heard of liia eon's arrest", that ho would help to crucify him, would do all ho could to driv'u him to the gnllows, and would give a reward of £10 to anyono who would bring news of.his boy , a dealh. His Honor decided (r> discharge tho lud upon his own rccogniuanco that ho would coino up to have sentence passed upon him, whenever called upon so to do, and' handed the lad over to tho carp of his Bister. Leaius about tiik Pulse.—Evory in tulligcut person should learn how to as- Certain tho slate of the piilso ill hualth ; then by comparing it with .wliat.it ie when he is ailing, lie may havo sumo idea of tho urgency of. hie case. Parents should know ili.j hnallliy pulso of each child—as now and thon a person is born with a peculiarly slow or fact pulse, and tlio very case in hand may bo of that peculiarity. An infant's pnlno is ono hundred and fbrly ; a child of seven, almut eighty, and from twenty to sixty 'yours it ia seventy beats a iniiiuto, de clining to CO at fourscore. A healthful grown person's pulse boats seventy times in a minute ; thnro may bo good health down to sixty; but if tho pulso always exceeds tlioro is a' disease ; tho machino in working itself nut, thcro is fever or in flammation' somewhere; and the hod;- ie feeding on itself ;as in consumption, when the pulse is quick, that is over seventy, gradually increasing with de creased chancre of cure, until it roaches onoliundrod anil ten or ono hundred and twenty, \vboti death cornea bofnro niauy days. When tho puU'o ie over seventy for month*, nnd thcro is a slight cough, tho lungs are alToctcd. ' Stranoe vory siuldon nnd somewhat myatorioua donth has bofnllen the Uov. Fnther M'Auliffe, of Quoanbo yan. Our telegram states that liv wan found drovned in a watorhole in a lonoly part of the bush, into which it is proeuinod lie must have fallen while en . dbavouriug to drink. Tho singular part pf the matter, is, that the body was discovered through a drcarn whiph occurred to ono of tho dnmeelics on tho proviouH night.— TtUgraph. ? A Bio Conokhk.—Tho Midland lUilway Compauy employ over their vast system about 30,000 soryanls of all kinds". Coal Export.—Tho total . export of conl from tbe United Kingdom is, in j round figuros, about 10,000,000 tons. Of this aggregate not less than 8,000,000, or fully ono half, is exported from tho Dur ham coalfields, 2,500,000 tons from Nor thumberland, and tho roeidne almost entirely from Waloo and Scotland. Light Weight Bakers.—Joseph Shop, liord, baker, was charged before tho Polioo Mngialral<<, on tho 13lh insl., with baying in his possession bread which was deficient in weight, tie plnadod guilty at onco, ntid was immedintoly ordered to pay afinoof£2 105.,-ln. 10d. costs of court, and ono. giiiuoa profoeitiohal couts ;in default, to buimprisoncd for ono month in Tumworth gaol. David l'orkins was brought up under a similar chargo ;ho too, admitted tha ofCcnco, and was fined in all£2 10n. 10d., or logo to gaol for tliroo weeks. ? Thoao aro very serious charges, and it must lie regretted wo have light weight tradcnnion in tho town; lot it bo hoped the fato of. the above-men tioned will bo a warning to others who may bo open to tho chargo of using lighl weights.— Tamutorth Observer. 13i>itobial Hapimnksb If, ne is- said, happiness coneinta in. occupation of the mind, the nvorago editor should bo moderately content. With two man sit ting on his labia readiiig exchanges, -a book agent whispering in bin oar tiint ho'll never gel, such a chance again, becautio thero wasn't but onp made, a boy or two hanging round tho outskirts with a base ball itom cuiiccalod about thoir' poreoiiH, a compositor waiting away for a translation of soino of this awful phiro grsphy, a couple of patrons prosxing him for a seven dollar puir for a dollar nnd a quarter advortisumont, ami s ferouious looking individual sitting jtiHtuiilside tho door with a heavy woight.oane, and a crumpled copy of tho paper in his hum!;' wailing for a ' ohatioo to boo him alone, , tho newspaper man may bo said to bo just in tho suburbs of'occupnliun, and threatening to bo quito busy in timo.— ISrulijcpnrt Standard. Vbtt v. Rkoan.—This enso bad boen tried at the last Tiunworth District Court, nnJ a verdict tor the full amount claimed had boon thoro given Tor tho pluintiir. Tho amount of this verdict, £7G,with tho taxed tjosts thereon £23, had boon paid into tho Tainworth District Court, by tho defendant, to übido tho ovont of a new trial, for which tho dofondant had givou uotioo of his intention to apply. Tha offoct of such notice of now trial would bo, unloss tho judge should otherwise oriler, to lock up this verdict and costs for at loast twelve months. Mf..O'Connor now appliod to his Honor for an order directing the Registrar of the District Court at Tnmworlh to pay over tbe money now in Court to thu plaintiff. Mis Honor aftor hoaring affi davits in support of tho application, read by Mr. O'Connor, and in opposition there to by Mr. Mnyno,. on behalf of tho do foudiuil, mndo tho order askod for, with costs, Counsel's foo of £3 3s. being allowed.— 