M'Elhone in the Assembly Last Night. Attee the House fiad adjourned to tea, last night, tho hon. member for the tipper Hunter, Mr. M'EQrDne, was to be seen in the Parliamentary Library searching and reeoarchine huge volumes of bound newspapers, and it wus evident from his gestures,' and an intona tion he had previously given jn the Houso, that some thing was on the cards, and that a scone was to take place in the House. B.nmonr'8 thousand tongues soon circulated a report that Mr. H'Elhone was to makonai attack on the Premier ; and, before 8 o'clock, the Ktran gers' and Speaker's galleries weTocrainmed to excess, and numbers had to be refused admittance. Severn 1 ladies wereprerent in theauteroombehind the Spcoker'is dbair, and there was a very fair mneter of hon.members. Considerable interest seemed to be evinced in what was coming. At 8 o'clock the House went into com-' mittee on tho City Corporation Bill. Aftor the Pre mier had moved that the . committee agree to tho Council's amendments in the preamble, Mr. H'Elhone moved that the Chairman leave the chair in order that he could refer to the attack made upon him tho other night by Sir Henry Parkes, »yd in doing so lie would have to refor'ljack to a few years, to what tho Pre mier had said of him at Maitland, showing that he then 'tad a very different opinion' of him (Mr. M'Elhono) to what ho expressed the other night. He had no wish to draw Mr. Garrett into what ho was about to say further than ho possi bly could, butin justice to himself he was bound to make the explanation he was about to give. With regard to tho late action for libel brought against turn by Mr. Garrett, he would inform the House that on Saturdav last ho wrote to hia solicitors, Messrs. Gannon anrl M'Laughlin, and on Monday he received a reply. [He read both letters.] On Saturday night last Mr. M'Laughlin came to his house and pointed out to him certain erroneous statements mode by Sir Heury Parkcs, in bis speech against him (Mr. .M'Elhone), and ho therefore wrote tho letter which ho had just read, and wljich evoked tho reply from his solicitors. He had already said that ho did not irish to draw Mr: Garrett in more than ho could help in his speech. The honorable gentlemen at the head of tho Government had created a great disturbance in the country, and had almost threatened a civil war because the Legislativo Council had not Bdptcdhis Privileges Hill. Ho (Mr. M'E.) had been asked over and over again what had come over the hon. gentleman , for it seemed so funny, that hb 'should deliberately ask the House to pass a bill to rcftrict members from making wild and slanderous statements, when he would ehow, before he finished his remarks, that tho hon. gentleman had boon fined .£100 for \ a wilful and malicious slander against one Darcy Wentworfch Murray, as serting that Murray had been a party to his own wife's dishonour. He would now rotor to a speech made by Sir Henry Parkes at East Maitland when in opposition to tha-Koberlson Ministry, of which Mr. Garrett was . a member. Ho could not say that he was a firm supporter of Sir Henry Parkes, but he always voted for the Opposition in order to turn Sir John's Government out, but ho never dreamt of sup porting that high and mighty gentleman who 'putts' his foot upon this, and 'putts' down that, and who ' putts 'his own Minister for Lauds out of ,Jiis chair, tho other night, that he might got at this twoponny halfpenny affair oi his quarrel with the Upper House for theBako of getting a party at his back. He would now give the Houbo the bene fit of tho opinions expressed by the hon. gentleman of him in a speech at East Maitland. (Mr. M'Elhono then read the speech of Sir Henry Parkes, which abounded with nattering onconiums on the utility of the member for the Upper Hunter.) Sir Henry said Mr. M'Elhone had beon making some serious accusa tions about tLo disgraceful conduct of tho Eobertson Government, aud alluded to the manner in which votes had been obtained by boozing up with champagne in the Ministerial- room ; but there had certainly been moro champagne drinking iu tho Ministerial room since Sir Honry Parkes liad been Premier than during any other Government. For his own part ho had never taken their champagne, having joined his hon. friend Mr. J. Davies with the Sona of Temperance ; but he had tho other night treated a number of friends to liquor at the Government ex pense. But he had never had any at tho expense of tho Farnoll Government; and he was unaware that even the Bobertson Government resorted to;the same dodge. In his speech at Maitland Sir Honry had spoken of the numerous defeats the then Government had sustained, and said that some of those defeats had beon so damaging that ' I would havo instantlj' resigned.' It was always 'I' with Sir Henry, and he was afraid that his 'I' would get into some serious difficulty. before long. Then the hon. gentleman spoko of Mr. M'Elhone, and Baid he did not know whether they knew him. He would tell the ton. member that his name was well and favourably known by all persons in Maitland. He had never had a cheque dishonoured. Neither had ho paid his way with two different sorts of cheques. His name, was as good as gold in tho Maitland district, and he wns happy to say his name was without reproach, which -tho, ion. tho Premier could not Bay. People in tho ' Mait land district would take his word for thousands without tho scratch of a pen, and ho could make agreements twolvo months ahead, and still ho had never paid his way up King-street, and he hoped ho never would. The hou. gentlemen then went on to say that Mr. M'Elhone was a young member, and ho was afraid Sir Henry then thought him groen and gullible— ho then said Mr. M'Elhone was, in one sense, a very useful member. Ho wondered if he thought bo now (laughter). Ho then went on to say ho would be sorry to see Mr. M'Elhone out of Parliament— he (Mr. M'Elhono) was afraid ho would sing quite a different song now. He would moro likely tell them that he was a disgrace to Par liament, like some ovil, crawling, venomous animal, as ha said the other night. Tho hon. gentleman, in his speech at Maitland, tlicii alluded to tho corruption of parties, bnt in those days the word corruption was pleasant to Sir Henry, and conld anything bo moro corrupt than the brazen face of tho Premier, who stood up and defended the hon. member for Camden the other night, after his attempts to damn him in tho Maitland speech, because ho tried to pnt him out of Parliament. Now, as to the matter of the Garrott slander ; if ho had slandered Mr. Garrett, ho would show that Mr. Garrott was there to defend himself, but Sir Henry Parkes had not only slandered Mr. Darcy vVoiv$ worth Murray and his wife hi that house, but had had pamphlets printed and circulated all over tho city, for which ho was brought to the Snpreme Court, and his plea was that ho had nothing to do with printing tho pamphlets, but tho jury did not beliovo him, and ho was mulcted in .£100 damages, for it was clearly shown on the trial that tho etato ments wafta bv Sir Honrv Parkcs were untrjiG. and Mr. Murray's honour was untarnished, as was proved by Mr. Murray's letter which appeared in tho Evening News at the time. [He read tho letter to the House.] Mr. M'Elhono then referred to tho O'JJar roll shooting ease, and in doing so, said it was a well known fact that the Premier had grossly libelled one third of the whole colony, tho religions portion of which he was a member. This was similar to the Kiania ghost business. Sir Henry wished i.t' to be behoved that there was ono vast conspiracy on the part of the Boman Catholics to riae up and murder all the fellow colonists of tho Protestant faith, 'but Captain Charles could prove the atrocious character of the men who conveyed such absurd stories to Sir Henry, but no matter what were the characters of tho men; Sir Henry Parkes swallowed, with open mouth, anythiug, so long as lie could . -inculriiite ' the Boman Catholics. Sir : Henry .j- Parkes had' .pleaded not guilty to Mr. Murray's charge, on tho ground that he had never had anythhsg to do with the printing, but it was proved that he had forwarded fifty copies of tho pamphlet to Mr. J. F. Byrnes. Ho could say that he had never gone so far as Sir Henry Farkes had dono, who hod attacked a man through his wife having committed a great blunder. tHe {Mr. M'E.) had never done such a thing either in or out of the Houso. Sir Henry was proverbial, however, for flinging his friends when they had served his purpose, and at tho hist election, when he and Sir John were dofcated for .Sydney, the latter was asked to seek re-election; but although he was no ardent admirer of Sir John, he conld not bnt admire his upright conduct in declining to do anything that would unseat a friond. (Cheers.) But they had heard Sir Henry Parkes say that the door of political life was closed against him for ever, and lie had no wish to re-ontor Parliament. But what was his conduct when asked to stand for Canterbury? Did ho refuse.?1 No; like a crawling, venomous reptile of the worst typo, he unseated his bosom friond and supporter, Mr. Richard Hill, crawling book to that House most ignominiously. Mr. M'Elhono ?then referred to a speech made by Mr. Daryall at East Mcdtbind, and regretted deeply that he did not possess tho language of that able man to castigate Sir Henry Parkos, who had disgraced his knighthood. This same Sir Henry had, he believed, studied under Mr. DarvaHfortho bar, and when it suited him ho turned round and strung him. What did Mr.' JDar vailBayin his speech, when ho said Sir Henry had damnod him with his foul praise ; and for his (Mr. JI'Elhone's) part, he would sooner reoeive his abuse than be damnod by his ptaiso. Mr. M'E. then quoted Mr. Darvall's speeoh, in whioh he referred to the stratagem o£ Sir Henry Parkcs in gettimj .£$000 voted lor the purpose of appointing omigrafion lec turers at homo, andhomanag«-l to receive .£2500 of the amount, leftTiis credrtors, andtwk atrrphomelwhere Mr Darvall in his speech told' tho Maiiiand people ite never. ipoksaGO veil in. Jus' 13s, as when strattm? down -file Strand spending ttibir money. Well (said Mr. M'E)hono), Mr. Darvall spoko of his. looks since hisTetucn from England ; but he had never seen any thing- else but ill-looks since he had cultivated that snowy beard. Mr. Darvall spoke o£ Sir Henry as a Tjorious Bubjpot tp deal with, and ho (Mr. M'Elhone) b^ould^-* 'QQnJQd&y;* thatf.'-ali^O qr . de&dj; ^ st Jlftstiei^ oe. more noxious body than Sir .Henry's to handle could not bo obtained. Sir Henry Parkes, Alter the commencement -of Mr. STElhone's spaeoh left tho Assembly, and after. Mr. M'Elhone had beon speaking for half-an-hour, Mr. M'Cnlloeh rose and Called at tention to strangers. Tho galleries were therefore cleared, and Mr. M'ElhoPe (as his remarks Could not be reported) discontinued his remarks, but avowea liis determination of following up the attacknext day. Tho remainder of the sittings paesed off quietiy and uneventfully, except that Sir Henry Parkes produced. a donial from Sir Alfred Stephens that he (Sir Alfred) had ever said Sir Henry ought to be on Cockatoo Island.^ Tho tone of Mr. M'Elhone's speech was characterised by great bitterness, and his remarks were full of offensive porBonolities, directed against the Premier with conspicuous animus. He mado several allusions to Sir Henry Parkes's personal ap pearance, and frequently mimicked bis style of speech. ? ? 