Our laris Letter. Pauis. Decoinbor 21. Tho Sonato is not dying game. After all tho threntouiugs of tho coalesced Dlonarchists in that moribund assembly, their hist legislative acts have been de voted to changing tho color of tho soldiers' pantaloons, and improving tho shoeing of cavalry horses. Not a word from tho great saviours of society, Messrs. do Broglio and Buffet, about tho social poril, family, religion, that tho accession to power of miilionniro republicans and married church-going fathors was to com- nromiso. Tho fact is, thnt scruutniug fnrcc against the Republic lias been played out, and its actors hissed off tho stago. R htm ever been a problem with Fronch tailors to mako a pantaloon for their lmivus "that would never blush." Souutur and chemist Ivcstuur proposes to effect this, by employing a new. color — alizarine in place of madder. Tho Dlinistcr of War never heard of such a dyo, but as its use would uffeeb a saving of J5 million francs — moro than is re quired to endow the Rofurmud Churches of Franco and tho Synagogues — ho was prepared to investigate the discovery. Sedan is not a lucky name for the army. This town supplies tlio cloth to thu mili tary clothiers, and great complaints liavo been curruut us to its quality. After using it a short time, thu troops com plained tliuy had " nothing to wear," Hut how did tlio military inspectors accept broadcloth below sample 1 Thoy nob only received, but demanded, as u matter of course, bribes from the manufacturer, and hero is how one palm was greased to tho tune of (1000 f nines, said Senator Girdaino, producing a letter from nn olliccr demanding said sum. Tho Minister of Justice, having read tho letter, put it in his pocket. Soon ho will sub his furies to work. Turkey ami Russia are thus not tho only countries where back sheesh has to bo met as indubitably as death ami the tax-gathurar. Under tho second Empire this rorrnption was hardly concealed ; l.mt at present, il is enough to make the snow nndt on the cheek of the slatuo of the Republic on the vesti bule of the Clminp do Mars. Up to the present the inferiority of French cavalry homes was considered to be duo to the animals being ted on the Gascon principle, and to excessive cheese paring iu the price offered for the animals to breeders, which compelled tho latter, despite the best patriotism iu the world, to prefer English purchasers. But money has no odor, or If any at all, not unfra- grant. Senator Lalour traces the cavalry detects to tho horses being badly shod, the consequence of inefficient furriers. The latter it seems when their period of service is completed, desire to enter into private life, ns rapidly as non-commis sioned officers. For want of a nail the shoo wu? lost ; for want of a shoe, etc. Even the rigid conservatives, those who desire to govern against tho will of the nation, commence to fuel that it is si downright bore and loss of valuable time having to go to Versailles to discharge legislative duties ; hence, it is not im probable thu Chambers m iy hold their next session in Paris. Ono of the ndvnn- tngesnud danger of the Legislature sitting in tho Corps Lcgislatif was, that in thu ovont of revolution, tho representatives could bo thrown conveniently into thu Soino. This prospect is no longer possible, sincu tho nation has learned to rely on coups of voting papers, instead of coups of rillus. Thon thoso disturbers of political nuaco, tho Roynlists and Bonu- partists, having boon definitely set aside in favor nf tho nation itsulf governing, no revolutions are henceforth possible, so tho Nurvico of Mount AMorion will bo no longer required to protect the .Palace of Vorsaillos with its cannon. Of luto, thu legislation as woll as tlio administration of tho country lias been conducted partly in Paris, partly in railway trains, and partly in Versailles. Tho parliamentary trains aro accused of being freighted with as many soiled doves as legislators. Thero was a lime when Thiers was Prcdsicnt, that he would havo boon imponchod had lie slept nut of Versailles a single night ; now tho Dl'urslml never resides in tho necropolis of Franco, though bound to do so according to tlio same uuronualod Mcdu aud Pcrsiau law. Neither this duath-hed toloraneo towards tho Republic, nor a consoiunco- struek admiration of Thiers, whom they overthrow and persecuted, will save tho outgoing niounvohio.il senators from not so much a well-merited defeat ju an exe cution. The Froo Traders havo at hist taken limo by tho forelock, and liavo buhl a mooting in tho Theatre Italion — an estab lishment which, after being sold for an iusuranco ofiico, lins hoou found could not bo appropriated for othor than musical purposes. Tho Presidents of tho Cham bers of Commorco of Paris, Lyons, and Bordeaux, assisted by other notahlo persons, "wont in for tho frcc-trudo ticket," and not a moment too soon, as their rivals wero commencing to hare a hold on tho country, and seizing the oc casion of tho universal commercial Oppres sion to black-ball the foreign trader. This society must not bo confounded with that specially constituted for converting tho bnited States to lowered tariff. It must bo confessed tho French are very apathetic about the whole luihimiss : perhaps they may display more interest when tlio ab sorbing question of the senatorial elect ions shall havo been settled next month. 'Thou the Dlinistry must produce a programme. Tho republicans, divided on the question, will have to out-hid the Bouapariists on liberal commercial treaties, ami if the fatter would only devote their attention to matters of this nature, they would soon find it to pay better than organising Billingsgate rows \n jho Chambers, cele brating political masses, and feasting ut b:\nquuis, whovo tho dishes are named after UlQ "glories" of the Into emnivo. less Mexico and Sudan, too suggeuivo of tho Biinqnn ghost. Besides tho common oveni. nf duelling, snow-bulling is tlio most prominent nmusm ment, in wliiuh small as well u&uvmatuehu; boys, heprlily, join ; with llurir combatants, as lyitli the Sappers, nothing is sacred. I npticod thcin imprinting 4 stum" on the cqqoslriuu filutuo of Louis XIV. in' tho Placo do la VictoircB,as also on the Sacra mental Liborty, Equality, and Fraternity, painted in black letters ovor a Communal School. In somo iustancos snow was mado into blooks, aud tho features of Napoleon III. shaped by a fow master touches of a knife ; thon it was irreve rently trcatcdoK if it woro aGuy Fawkes. Dlany spectators wcro delighted at tlio punishment thus infiicted on tlio ofiigy of the " DIan of Sodan," as it was baptised. Jules Jutiin, called, in acholeric moment, Paris, " Tho City of Mud," and which mado Victor Hugo his onomy for over. The capital is vory muddy now, cities generally are during a thaw. Tlio frost is only flirting with us ; juBt when skates are taken down, a soft sou wester arrives, and necessitates their going up again. Even the lasses in tho Jardin d' Accli mation — a poor speculation, havo no snow to show off their barrel-stavo shoes, and the reindcor threaten to fall into consump tion in prescnco of our half nnd liulf winter. Tho annual paragraph has appeared in tho papors, that wild goeso havo boon observed llyiug southwards, thus indicative of. course a sovoro winter. This is not. a concealed rub at tho crowd of sturdy invalids who migrate to warmer clitncs. : The running up of the shanties for the Boulevard Fair remind us of the approach- of winter, and tho advertisements of " hook furniture," for such only aro tlio gorgeously bound volumos, suggest Now Year's Day aud nil its bogging and tipping nsssocintioiiB. If any person desires to have an idea of wlmt tlio Exhibition would be, had it re mained open during tho winter, it is only necessary to visit thc Palaua of Industry, now filled, like a bazaar or a theatrical storo room, with a strango collection of lottory objects HSohis appears to havo taken up his head quarters hero also. It is a capital spot for insurance offices to recommend annuitants to visit, or for nephews to conduct uncles. Tlio building of tho Exhibition would bo child's work in comparison with its boating. It would remain a Siboriu, ovou were all the stoves oxposed, utilised. The impression gained from glancing at tho cornucopia of prizes is their undoubted richness; pictures by renowned artists, Sevres J porcelains, Japan vases, rare tapostry, bronzes, fur niture, arms, etc. it is difficult to find tho petty prizes, ns watches, jewellery, luce, lamps, sewing machines, liquors, toys, and implements. The locomotive is there, aud tlmt tho winner can oxchango for 3500fr. Guoss tho greatest of all tho curiosities — "a clyster-puinp," that tho grave "Journal Olticiel " 1ms not hesitated to describe as a gem of Sovres china, and iu painting, lit to ornament a mantelpiece. Tlio day is nut yet fixed for commencing tlio drawings, when thu God Chance shall givo a blow of a blind man's wand to nil these treasures ; awarding musical boxes to the deaf ; velocipedes to tho paralysed, firearms to members of pcnco societies ; Japan vnscs to coal men, aud more cruel still, carriages to million aires, aud diamonds to ditchcssoa. Tho visitors abound; walk about as if monarch of all they surveyed, selecting in their own minds this and that object as cortaiu to be theirs, and feeling their pockot book as if a capitalist, tilled with one franc tickcfs. What a "day of dupes" is in store for thousands. The newly elected batomiicr, or presi dent of the barristers, gave the nsualfamily fete to tho order. Instead of lecturing the law students on patience, ho ontcr- tuined them with a serious clinic on tho "malady of impatience.' In reviewing tho professionals dead during thu past year, DL Xicolot paid a tribute to I'ro- fessur Nalettc, who, after tho coup d'etat, when deputies woro carted to Mazos and Mount Yalcrien, demanded of Louis Napoleon to be arrested, possessing as ho said the two qualifications, " I am tho representative of the people and 1 teach law." What a frightful tragedy—the suicide of one of the wealhiust and youngest manufacturers of Franco. Six years n«o he was uuirriud, and his family consists of four children. liis wifo had criminal refill ions with tlio butler boforo her marriage, and uninterruptedly since. Under pretext of examining the storo in tho cellar, or counting tho wine, the wifo and the butler mot there, aud sorvants frequently surprised thorn in llagrante delicto ; the husband only teamed tho infidelity when dismissing a servant for insolence ; he taxed his wife with her fault, sho made a full confession. Unable to believe he was father of tho children, and canohidiug that the skit in an illus trated journal was aimed at him, ho retired to 'his bedroom and blew out his brains. Shop-lifting on the part of ladies in high social nud wealthy position is not on tho decrease. Dlmo. Girardon, a pro vincial lady with a rout roll of 300,000 francs, has been arrested fur prigging all sho could lay lior hands on. Sho avowed she could not resist tho temptation to steal, aud hud been arrested on two othor occasions. Glohvly thu woman's mind was affected since shu lost hor -four children, and has had to nurse a paralytic husband since J.5 years. I t is proposed to include tho names of thoso persons who perform acts of heroism in oivio life iu an order of the day, to be is sued and published by the prefect of police. Recently a poor mother, with hor littlo baby, threw lmrsolf into tho Suino at >juuua, imiKjncu iry imaury , a yillllg UUIU aged 20, jumped in, rescued them, gave nil the money lie had, a 20-franc piece, to a-aist thuin, and passed on. There in ut Legion of Honor for this bravery. 'Formerly 110 recompense was given for saving the drowned, but 20 francs- was payable on discovering the corpse. Tho rescues were nil. Howovor, since the sumo price is paid for saving a man living us finding when dead, fewer droivniu's occur, Tho ancionis hud this oxcollout proverb — " Look ut me, ami I will act well ; encourage me, and I will do better." It will soon be ns difficult for a free mason to cuter the kingdom of lloavon as a rich man. Tlio Bishop of Nimes has issued a pisioral, prohibiting a mason ti> enter a chinch wearing his insignia ; if the latter be, aa is usual, deposited ou tho coffin, tlio priest is to retiro ; if a lodge gives books to schools ns prizes, these are to be refused, and if a notorious W.G.DL or a Black I'rince be en his death bed, extreme unction ia to be refused him till he recants. How we aro far from tho halcyon days, when a girl could boast, "I ki&rtd; my love with his apron on." Tho DInrquis do Chcrvilto states he lias seen a sottor that was at one timo wounded by his master, with a few pellets intended for a covey, hetwooii twu aiul three o'clock - ouo afternoon ; niuce then the dog's intelligence is such, that when thu said hour arises ho refuses to set, and run?, homo. A movement is on foot to suppress au . odd village fete : that of kilting pigs ' in public by enisling the throat, at which, in tho country towns, women and children assist, as a treat; knocking tho animal un the head ia net a solution, as one returned to , life, when covered with burning si raw to singe tho hair off, and created sad havoc on liis persecutors. . Thero is nil old roqudite in Paris voted! dead since 10 years : onco admirers ar& collecting fiuyls to enable hor co- burw herself. . .. f 