ARCHBISHOP YAUGHAN AT WEST BAL MAIN. The preoont accommodation of tho Catholic Bchool at Balmain West, which waa orootod a few years back, having been found inadequate for that populous ouburb, Father Dillon net himself to work to have a 'large and commodious build ing erected. Tho foundation-stone of the pro posed new ochool wau laid on Sunday last by his Gteco tho Archbishop in the preoeneo of a large concourse o£ pooplo. Tho now building will meaauro 100 feet in length, and 26 feet in width, and will bo capable of accommodating 300 chil dren, xno worinng men in tnac aiscnct nave been long engaged in energetically assisting Father Dillon in providing ochool accommodation not only by their confcributiono, but also by their gratuitouo labouro in the morningo and overlings, before end aftor their usual working houro. By tho efforto of thooc parishioners twelve allotments (each moasuring ICO feet by 30 feet) have been purchased, and fclio now ochool building will occupy a good position on thooo allotments Hio Craeo, who was accompanied by the Eight Eev. Dr. Torrcgiani, was met by a large number of ? tho mombcr3 of tho A. II. C. Q-uild in full regalia and tho school children, and conducted to tho cite of the building. Among thooe present at the ceremony wore the Very Buy. Father Dalton, G.J., the Very Kov. Dean Dwyer, the Revs. Fathor Ileuze and Couc, of St. Patrick's ; tho Hev. Fathor Hanrahan, Superior of the Franciscans ; Fathero Dillon and Walah, Bal main ; Father Mahony, St. Mary's ; Father (3-aravol, Pyrmont ; tiie Roy. Fathora Cherubini, John Paul, and Norbertua, of tho Capuchin Order ; Brother;; Francio and Lorenzo, of tho came order ; Rev. Brother Augustine, and several brothers of the Mariat com munity. Among the lay gentlemen present wero Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A. ; Mr, Coonan, M.L.A. ; W. H. Archer, K.3.G. ; J. J. Donovan, J.P. ; John Bridge, Chas. Ileydon, Joseph Brennan, G-. Hurley, P. Ll'CarroIl, J. Harper, Ao Bennett, Dr. Brenruin, E. J. Hollingdale, John Mullins, P. Mulroney, Alderman Kolahor (Bathurat), Mr. D. Butlor (Bathurat), and many others whose names wo could not aacertain.Q Archbiahop Vaughan, prior to laying the foundation atone, addressed tho gathering as followo : — It wao only tho other day that I hcid tho gratification of laying the foundation etono of a school at Forest Lodge- — where, in a fow minutoo, nix hundred pounds wore subscribed— before tho end of this month I shall be doing tho samo for tho groat Gchoolo at Durlinghurat, and now I am here, in tho midot of our Catholic working mon, juat about to perform the came ceremony foi* Father Dillon ; and I Buppo3e, to Bay come fow words upon tho all-absorbing topic of Catholic education. And firot of nil I must express to you my unfeigned delight at being in the midst of you thio evening. 1 look upon you, tho Catholic working-men of this district, with eyea and footings of especial sympathy and admiration. You know that if you were travel ling in Yorkohire, and you began to tell a Yorkshire men how much you admired Mr. So and So., that Yorkohiroman would at once turn upon you sharp, and ask — What did lie give you ? Now, what is that you have given me, to coinpol mo to spoak of you in tho terms in which I have opokon ? I will tell you : you have given mo the consciousness that tho very poorest of our peoplo possess that true Catholic spirit which ohowa itself in great and noble works, You, tho Catholic peoplo of Balmain, you are de scended from a race which hr.3 ever loved faith better than life, and which possesses an innate generosity which i3, I think I may cay, oopecial to tho Irish character. Let me for one moment quote the words of a great Protestant historian. He oayc: — ' A standard of domestic virtue, a delicacy of femalo honour, was gradually formed amongst the Irish poor higher than in any other part of the empire, and unsurpassed if not un equalled in Europe. Tho very extension of poverty and mendicancy had produced among them a rare and touching spirit of charity, a readiness to sharo with one anothor tho last crust and -the last potato. Domestic affections were moro than commonly warm. Tho memorablo fact that in the present century not less than twenty millions of pounds have boon sent back in tho opaco of twenty j'eara by those who went for the most part as ponniloss emigrants to America, to their relatives in Iroland, illus trates a side of tho Irish character which was already noticed by many observers; and, in modern times, concerning which alone we can speak with confidence, infanticide, deaortion, wife-murder, and other crimes indicating a low Btato of domestic morality have been much rarer among tho Irish poor than among tho correapond ing classes in England.' I find thoBO pregnant ?words of Mr. Looky, rogarding the generosity of the Irish peoplo, borne out as to their truth wherever I go throughout tho colony. Their hand is cot to ovory good work, and thoir charity is unbounded. So far, in genoral. But what havo you, tho peoplo of Balmain, done, that you should bo numbered amongst thooo who have proved themselves worthy of this praise ? Let me say what you have done for the oako of those who may not know. I will take tho whole dis trict sorvod by Fathor Dillon. First, tako Balmain proper. Thero you have a convent, to begin with, which, in round numbers, will have cost £6500, and I am told that improvements and tho internal fittings and arrangements havo en tailed another £1000. On all this the debt has been reduced to £1500. Fathor Dillon puts down tho oohoolu connected with tho Church at £1300. But my main point is this — for I want .my oudienco to know what these people have done to mako mo praise them — that tho labouring menondthocitizons and ship-carpenters havedono what thouaandu did boi'oro them in tho Ageo of 3?aith,— thoy havo given the work of their hando atod t treat of thoir brow to tho aorvice of tho Ohuroh . The church, for one reason and another, had fal- t len into great disrepair. The schools had become i too email. What did these people do ? For fif- c teen months they worked double tides — that is, ( after tho toil and drudge of their daily work was t over, instead of enjoying during the rost of the even- £ ing thoir well-earned repose, they set to work again c on tho church and on tho schools, and began i their labour of love. In tho summer time they r\ left off labour at 4 p.m., and then sofc to £ working for the schools and the church t till close of night. In winter they were ?- not dotcrrod oven by darkness, for I am told they £ laboured by lamplight at this great and glorious a work of Q-od. I say those hands and arms ' will be blessed, those wearied feet will ' walk £ in ways of peace,' for our Lord must love t ouch men as these, who thu3 spend themselves in -^ His oervice. Father Dillon tells me that he 'c values the labours of these men at £400. What c have these men given me ? A glorious example of T Christian workmen, working after working hours, f and deep into tho night, for the Church of their ] fathors. Let us now come nearer home still. s Look at tho ground beneath your feet ; look at 1 this large property where wo are assembled. How \ camo it into our possession ? I oay we owe it to t tho Catholic working men. Those gentlemen — i and they are the true gentlemen of the land in its t highest sense — these gentlemen formed a commit- r tee and bought the land, and petitioned me to send [ the Sioters of the Good Samaritan to teach in the i schools they had erected. Two of these gentlemen ( held the land till the appointment of Father j Dillon, and then they made it over to the Church. ? The ochool itself cost £700, and £300 havo been | opont in furniture and appliances. The land is ( valued at £800, making a total of £1800, with a ] debt remaining of £500. In one word, taking j the two centres of labour, the Convent costing - £7500, tho cchoolg of St. Augustine £1300, and j thooo of St. Joseph £1800, we may safely say i that over £10,000 have been spent -in the ad- - vaneement of morality and religion injthc district, j And thio monay has, at least in part, boon col- : lected, I think I may say in great part, by I he weekly subscriptions of the poorer classes, who, 1 together with their religion, have brought into ] this country that splendid generosity which is i especial to tho Irish peoplo. I think, ladies and - gentlemen, that I havo now satisfied my iina- ; giuary Yorkshire friend ; and 1 believe that ? even he would be constrained to admit that i I have very good reason, indeed, for prais- t ing tho Catholic workmen of Balmain. And i now if they will let me I will tell a bit of my f mind to all honest, liberal-minded men with re- i gard to those great events which are casting their ( dark and gloomy shadows before. They say in the country that when a storm is coming of unusual ! violence, the animals become unusually quiet in i tho fields, and there seemc; to be a hush in nature, i till suddenly the cataracts of heaven open, and tho thunder bellows as the forked lightning flashes on every side and shivers and chars, and turns into a black wreck the noblest tree of the forost. Though things cannot well be as bad r.3 this, I will not conceal from you or myself that there aro signs in heaven of that which of all tilings else in a free country ia likely to produce such a stonu as no bishop or priest would be able to avert. I refer to the spirit of tyranny and persecution that seems as if it was about to be un chained. Am I not an Englishman standing here before the children of the Irish race ? Have I not since tho very first day I landed here, now well nigh sis years ago, held out the hand of brotherhood to all of you ? And did I not tell you that our sympathies were welded to gether by bonds of ancient suffering, and that the thought of what your people wont through on one oido of the channel, joined to the thought of the persecutions suffered by my own on the other — did I not say that this bond bound mo to you with an unconquer able sympathy, strong as charity, which is more powerful than death? And have I not, during those sis years that I have been your spokesman and your friend, proved to you that those words wore not vain words, but that they were the ex pression of a hidden onorgy that has spent itself and v.'ill spend itself to the end hi your service ? And did we not congratulate one w ifch another that we had found a homo in a bright and sunny land, where 'nor sorrow nor crying should be any more ;' and did wo not think that though tho past were painful, still we had put 16,000 miles of sea betwoon ourselves and tho scenes of ancient Buffering and degradation ? Yes, wo did. But alus, havo wo not been too sanguine in our anticipations ? What did we suffer as slaves and helots for at home ? Because we preferred tor ture and death to acting against our conscience, and to bo butchered and disombowelled rather than allow those for whom we wore responsible to bo, tampered with in their faith. We hoped that wo had escaped from all forms of tyranny and persecution by coming do far away — where wo were told that all wore equal, and all wero freo. I hoped that by my kindness to you, and by standing up for you, and defending you, and showing oympathy and lovo to you, that I should in somo way mako up for all you had undorgono at the hands of my own countrymen ; and I did hopo that thoy out hero would only bo too glad to join me -and treat you with exceptional tondorness, es pecially with regard to your religion and your children, with tho thought, in their minds — with the burning oonseiousnosa of all tho cruel, mon strous wrongs that they had inflicted on you in tho past. But all this seems to be a vam illusion — a dream from which wo are to bo aroused by about the moat ingeniously dovinid piece of scientific persecution that has boon invented in modern times. Tho end of the more brutal form of persecution, and of tho more cultivated ic ono — it ia to destroy our holy religion. I bolievo tho scientific method is move effective, and, I beliovo, more odious, than the more expo ditious way of tearing out the lu;art and bowels of a living and grown man. Horo tho plan is to striko at little children — at the helpless little children of tho Oatkolio poor. Da you know ihat in the days of trial they had a special nstrument for squeezing the life and blood out )f those Catholics who declined to deny their xod ? It was a kind of preys, with a screw at ho top. The Catholic man or woman was ;hoved into this press, just large enough to hold me ; the top was forced down with the screw mtil it touched the head and back of tho victim. Phen tho real operation began. By a blow, ilmost imperceptible, process, the top was con tinually pushed further and furl her down till the 'ictim first lost bi-cnth, then the frame gradually jave way, and the whole body collapsed into i/ mangled bleeding mass. This v.-a3 called ' The Scavenger's Daughter.' Now the modern Scavenger's Daughter is of a different construc tion. The Archbishop and Bishops have tokl 7Q\i that the secularist system and schools founded m that systam, so far as Catholics are eon serncd, 'are seedplots of future infidelity, im norality,'and lawlessness,' for they tend towards lestroying the fulness of your Catholic faith, and lence of your Catholic morality and reverence, ind I am glad to see that the newspapers have )een fixing that condemnation indelibly on your ninds by their continued and opportune quota tion of the words of the Joint Pastoral. Well, asing my private judgment in the choice of an expression, I would call these schools f' Scaven gers' daughters,' because they aro the most. effective instruments invented by man f or squeez ng very gradually and almost- imperceptibly' the Catholic faith out of a Catholic people. I have said this before in other words ; the Bishops have spoken with me; the world knows what our reaching is ; it has 'been printed and reprinted in 3 very newspaper in town and country. It is a fact publicly established that Catholics cannot in conscience send their children to non-Catholic schools. It is, moreover, well known, it has been in ail the newspapers, that we object to sending clergymen to the Public schools, whether with class rooms or without, to join the.jar of tongues and the contradiction of creeds which is abhorrent from all oui1 instincts of reverence and religion. We have most carefully, and I think I may say boldly, spoken out, as was our bounden duty, knowing as we did that a change was about to be made in the Education Act unfavourable to our views. What- has been the result ? First of all, i hurricane of abuse and endless insult cast upon what is dearer to us than life itself, on our holy religion. As to those who have abused and in sulted me personally, the worst wish I harbour in their regard is that they may have the grace ;o become Catholics before they die. Well, dur ing the downpour, I endeavoured calmly and jlearly to state our case. One thing, I believe all wiil admit — that our case has been stated clearly, ind is perfectly intelligible. Next, Parliament meets. The outlines of tho new education scheme ire laid before the colony. What are its provi sions ? What is its drift ? There is one thing in its drift that I admire, and that is that it evidently attempts to meet tho requirements of some large sections of the community. It not ouly implies a knowledge of their existence, but it also aims at answering some of their wants. The Church of England will have greater facilities for religious instruction ; tho Nonconformists will havo, ib seems, all they want, so far as they are concerned ; bhe League will have oeveral concessions, partial compulsion, if not entire, and an approach to freedom from fees. I admire any attempt at meeting the wishes of largo classes. I am only too^pleased when I see my fellow-colonists re joicing in a method of education which gives them, a3 fathers and mothei'3, peace and happi ness when they think of their children. 1 would be among the first to interfere, the first to speak out were they tyrannized over, or were their conscientious convictions trampled under foot by a tyrannical majority. So far the promise ol: the new bill solicits my respect. But this very quality which I admire as bearing upon Pro testants, heightens my sense of grief and indignation when I reflect that Catho lics exclusively are, in a studied movo, apparently ignored, whilst in reality they are trampled on. Working men of Balmain, 1 am addressing myself to you. You love your religion better than your life, it' I may judge from tho past. You would rather die than jeopardize tho futuro Catholic prospects of your children. Your Church and your Bishops proclaim what your consciences and your instincts tell you is the simple truth— that you may not send your. chil- dren to public schools. You are poor, working, honest labouring men, getting your 35s a week, trying to provide little homes for yourselves, and to bring up your children as good and respectable as you aro yourr-elves. In you I am addressing all the labouring Catholics in the colony. We Catholics represent bouw one-third — some say more some less — of the population. Tho new bill treats tenderly all the other sections. How does it treat you ? Can you with tho wildest, stretch of imagination, and Irishmen are not deficient in that, can you in your wildest moments imagine a single point in that bill which shows that you have boon thought oil with kindness Mid sympathy r Have you not tho painful consciousness that so far as this now scheme is concerned your caso has been ignored, whilst all others havo boon thought of ? Show mo ono singlo point where thero is a sign, or shadow, or ghost of a shadow of a sign that respect has been felt for tho conscientious convictions of one-third of the population, of tho giv:it Catholic interest in this colony. Thought of ! Ye?, you have boon thought of, you have not been ignored. It would seem to some that you luivo been unceas ingly before tho eyes of those wlio framed this bill, that they might not, even by somo intidver tent blunder throw you some miserable shred ol justice. And thoy have not kept you in view it vain. Whilst seemingly ignoring you, they have knowingly or unknowingly, invented an instnv ment of scientific porsoouiiou exquisite in it; pori'oction for carrying out its mida. It combine! insult with outrage, and whilst seeming to ignon your existence tramples your most cherishet aspirations under foot. Working mon of Balmain let me explain myself. You have to livo oj hard-earned wages, and you know the worth of small sums of money, and can only with thrift and care keep the wolf from the door. What does the new bill do for you, for tho thouGcndc of the Catholic poor ? Does it sympathize with your poverty, and encourage your sturdy faith, and soothe your hard life by giving your children a chance of being instructed in secular knowledge, and being brought up thorough Catholics ? I will tell you in a few words what it does for you. If it could speak it would say — though its franiei'3 may nob mean it — it would say : — 'I am a modern monstrosity so contrived as to flatter all sections of the community except the Roman Catholic. These miserable creatures must be got rid of somehow, but first of all they must be kicked and insulted. My predecessor, bom in I860, was a fair specimen of persecution for that day, but we aro older now, and have advanced further into light. That bill forced the thousands of the Catholic poor, and the rich too, to pay for the education of other people's children in schools they could not use themselves. But I am an improvement on that. I am going to build great Grammar schools for boys, and the Catholics shall pay ? equally with those who use them for those also. Palaces for girls shall also be established where girls shall learn to be discontented possibly with their homes and with their lot. Catholics, though they cannot use these, shall pay for them, too, as if they did. Then I mean, moreover, to multiply the schools they cannot, use and reduce the fees, and Catholics shall bear their burden here as well. To this I mean to add about tho most exquisite insult possible, that is to havo each Public school, having so many children, furnished with a class room which Catholics cannot use. In this class room all the various denominations, whose very existence is a protest agaiiiBt the Catholic religion, shall teach their various creeds, and as a necessary consequence condemn the faith of Catholics, go that Catholics will be paying for the very build ing in which, day after day, and hour after hour, their religion is, or may be, denounced in terms well known to all. To this insult, perfect in its kind, I am going to add an injury equally perfect in its nature. Having ignored every single just demand, haying made the Catholics pay, as has been described, I then carry war into the enemies' camp. They still have Denominational schools, they love them, they are proud of I hem, they erected them at great ex panse — these I mean to knock on the head. For, since Catholics are the poorest Bection of the community, and since their Gmall means are forced from them to pay for the education of ? other people's children, how will they be able, poor as they are, to pay, as it were, out of both pockets at once, to educate their own so well aa those of others ? How can they keep pace with the reduction of fees ? Thoy may otruggle for a time like fish in a net, but we will take them out of their ' bath of supernatural light,' and if they do not become infidels or ranters, they will be come nondescripts — and anything, even a black fellow, is better than a Papist.' Such io the language that the new bill, so far as I know any thing of it, speaks to me. I do not mean to in sinuate that all this was intended ; possibly, such a picture as I have painted did not consciously enter fcho intentions of legislation. I am oimply speaking of facts, which aro hard things. That is the language of the bill, to any intelligent ina-n who has ears to hear, and to every intelligent Catholic who lias a soul and a heart beating in bio body. It is a modern monstrosity of cruelty and tyranny, so far as we are concerned ; and I believe every fair-minded man in the community will oympa thise with us, assist us to preserve our freedom oi conscience, and to obtain our just and self evident rights. Why Bhould we alone bo ignored P Why should our cry not be heard ? Why should. Catholics, and only Catholics, be trampled on, and insulted in the way I have described ? We do not stand in the way of others : we rejoice when they are happy ; when they can feel that their children are doing well, it is a true pleasure to us. What pleasure or happiness is there in seeing us sad and broken, like Blaveo and serfs, who have no friends, and are as outcasts of the people ? What pleasure, in this nine teenth century, is there in producing so grave an irritation, so galling a wound, as will be pro duced i£ that bill becomes law ? I cannot believe it. I will not believe that tho majority, the sound portion of the community, will stand by silently and not support ua in our just struggle for liberty and fair play. You, working men of. Balmain, you, Catholics of this colony, to whom my voice or my words will reach, be true to your selves in tins great crisis. Your religion, the one dearest tiling in life, is at stake. If your children arc not brought up in thorough. Catholic schools, they cannot become thorough Catholic men ; in id a Catholic who is not thorough in his faith, is generally the father of a, lino of indifferentists ami ttposLiites. And you, my own English country men, who love fair play and a just measure, why nor, join me in your own way in seeing just tee done ? One of you has already sent, his generous subscription of £5, and a most kind letter to Father Dillon. I seem to see many of you round me, if I mistake not. Lot me enlist, your sympathy in behulf of a righteous cause. Your hearts avo truo and stout, I know ; and you cannot stand by and not join the weaker side in supporting its i just rights against what will ba, cs you know, e i terrible tyranny and oppression. As for mvsolf, \- it is my vocation, and my most- solemn duty to ? defend and preserve the faith of my peoplo. In. ) mo it would bo no heroism to lay down my Hie i:i ils defence, or to spill my blood out or love for ' my flock. That, is my profession, an a soldier's ia i t o'go to war and to risk his life for his Q.utvn and , country. Let not tho world think that the \- Catholic until can bo blotted out by any instru 3 miMit however modern :nu! subtle in its operation. 3 It- lv,\s lived li-'^0 years and more- , i-.udit will abido .) to the very eu,l. ' It is my part-, during my short 1 span, to protect it ; and I hopo, by S-od's grace, ., to spend my life and strength and such littlo i talent na I mivy pocGeos in its defouco, Romonibei:, Union ia strength, and Persoyeranco alone is crowned. Let ub unite, let us persevere, and in the end .wo shall bo placed on an equality with our fellow- colonisto, and be suffered to bring up Catholic children thorough Catholics without being deprived for doing so of our just help for secular instruction. We arc strong in numbers, our cause is a righteous one ; and let us use every legitimate means for bringing it to a victo rious issue. His Grace was frequently and heartily cheered during the course of ins address, and when he concluded three ringing cheers were given in his favour. The ceremony of laying and blessing the fcoundation stone was then performed by the Archbishop. . The Sight Rev. the Bishop of Armidale said,— My Lord Archbishop, Rev. Fathers, ladies and gentlemen, — I did not expect to be Called upon to spealc this evening on the education question, because I only arrived here last night, and scarcely know the subject matter of the question. From what I have already heard, however, I can form an idea of the magnitude |of the subject ; therefore, I cannot refuse your request to nay a ?few words. In the first place, let' mo tell you that I fully agvee with his G-race the Archbishop in everything he has said on this point ; I strongly 3iope that the legislators will reconsider well the pro posed Bill, and will not make a law, which will have a direct tendency to destroy the Catholic faith. It would be a very great injustice if the legislators did not try to aatisfy the lawful demands of the Catholics in thio education question, whilst they seem to try to satisfy every other denomination. We do not espect favours, but justice from the Government, and we muot use every lawful constitutional nieanc to obtain it. 1 remember that before the elementary Education Act came into operation in England*, great discussions were going on in every corner of tho country. The result was, however, that the legislators took into consideration the views of every denomination ' and framed a law which ull parties could accept. -The legislators here might do well to imitate the example of tuc English Government on this ' point, and we ohould be satisfied. 'What is it that the Catholics here wish to have ? They wish to teach their own religion to their own children in their own schools, in order to bring them up in the fear and love of God. If .the Government hero would take this matter into consideration, and frame a law with ouch conscience clause, ns it is in England, wo should be, I think, satisfied. Leso than this we cannot ask, and to less than this we cannofe submit ; otherwise, the Catholic children would lose the precious gift of their faith and the spiritual life that is in them. You, children of the glorious Apostle of Ireland, St. Patrick, will always bear in mind how much your forefathers suffered in order to transmit to you thia gift of faith untarnished ; and therefore be prepared to keep it at any coat or sacrifice. God will bo with us, and if He asks us even to lay down our lives in defence of His holy religion, w'e shall be ready, with His divine assistance, to die rather to banish from us the beautiful gift of faith. Take courage, therefore, and persevere ; be alwaya united with your pastors, and you will win in the end. His Lordship in the course of his remarks alluded to what under his own eyes the children of St. Patrick had done for religion and education in all parts of England, and to his long labour of love for twenty years amongst them. He spoke also in very feeling terms of the flock now com mitted to his care in Armidale by the Holy Father, and his determination to live and labour and die in their service0 At the end of this speech, Father Dillon an nounced that his Grace the Archbishop had con tributed £20 (cheers), and his Lordship the Bishop of Armidale from his slender resources £o. His speech had completely won his (Father Dillon's) heart by its outspoken devotion to . the cause of Catholic education, and hia touching allusion to the Irish people. , He wished hio Lordship every success, and ' called upon the auditory to give him three : cheers, which were heartily and instantly given. - He announced a long list then of subscriptions from absent benefactorss, a well as those pre- - sent. Mr. P. M'Oarroll contributed £10, Mr. J. Donovan, J.P., £10, Fr. Dillon £10, Mr. J. Dal toh, K.S.G. (Orange), £5 5s, Mr. J. X. Hoydon £5 5s, Dr. Owen Spencer Evano £5 5s, J. Bren-. - nan, J. J. Moore, and several residents, £5 ei'.eh. ; The £3, £2, and £1 subscriptions came in from i the Archbishop's auditory with great alacrity, i his 'Grace vieing with the collectors by an ever- ' pleasant word to increaoe the amounts, and taking i himself and calling out many of the subscrip- j tions. ' ? At the conclusion the amount, which nearly ! reached £400, wao put beyond it by one of the ? young sons of Mr. D. O'Connor, who thus caused ' his father's oubscriptions to reach a large amount. ' £407 10s 6d was received before the proceed: nga ( terminated. ' His Grace then called upon Mr. D. O'Connor ; to addrens the aoceinblcgo. '. Mi*. Daniel O'Connor, M.P., said, — May it : please your Grace, My Lord, Very Eev. Fathers, j 1 ladies and gentlemen, — 'When I accepted the in- I - vitation of my friend, Father Dillon, your h do- ' fatigablo pastor, to bo present to-day, I did s- ? aa - a citizen and a Catholic, and I need hardly tell 1 you that I did not espect to be called upon to - speak after tho eloquent and powerful deliverance t by his Grace. However, it affords me vory greaf - pleasure fco^ bo hoie f.o-dav to a-^is-t by my i humble precenee, and to help according to rny j ' meanu, the poor Catholics of thin district in bu Id- i ing a ochooi whom thi'ir childivn ,-hiil] be in- i structed in tin efficient way, not alone in K-'Ciiar t learning, bub in «. knowledge of their holy I religion, without which it would bo un- i worthy of ilio name of education. Although I not propared to epeak now on the vital r question of gci.wcationafcm-jyrf3foefc!cu!igfcb,y6fcjloBfc j i my silence may be construed into a charge of cowardice, a feeling which has no place in my heart, I will at once. say that I am in favour of preserving and extending tho blessings of our Denominational schools. I agree with his Grace that there ib a dark cloud extending over .us—. that til ere is a great struggle pending— not - be tween Koman Catholicism on the one liarid, and Protestantism on the oilier, but between our glorious Christianity and Infidelity ; and I need not te.U iny friends here or elsewhere, that when that struggle comes on — and come it will, whether in the Legislative Assembly or outside of it — I shall be found fighting to uphold the Cross against the Crescent; I would like you, ladies and gentlemen, to understand that tho kill, which has been so powerfully reviewed by his Grace thio afternoon is not the bill of the Par liament, It has not received the sanction of the representatives of the people of New South Wales ; but it is the bill of a man, whose ingenuity is only equalled by his malignant hatred of that which we hold and cherish far beyond life itself. But, your Grace, I refuse to believe that the Parliament of New South Wales will lend its authority to confirm the provisions of a bill to inflict bucIi disabilities as that so graphi cally described by your Graco. No ; an institution which is the product of tlie genius of our immortal counti'yman, William Charles Wentworth, will never, I am sure, do anything of the kind j and I am warranted in the expression of that opinion, knowing as I do that there are men in the Legislative Assembly, natives of that glorious country of which your Grace is so justly proud — aye, Englishmen and Protestants-— who are an honour to humanity — men who would oppose with pen arid tongue an Act such as that proposed against so deserving a section of the community as the Koman Catholics. We are anxious to extend the blessings of educa tion all over this fair land of Australia — no people more anxious than we are — no section of the colonists of this or the sister colonies has given more substantial evidences of its sincerity by the very highest test — by building con vents, monasteries, schools, and colleges. Not alone in the colonies, but in every part of the civilized world, are to be found monuments of the rarest kind, attesting the faith and devotion of Catholics. Yes ; we are desirous of teaching our children in all the branches of learning, but we refuse to call any system by the dignified name of education winch does not include a provision for instructing the child in the knowledge of the life and teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ. For this we contend, and it is worth contending for ; and I repeat again, we have shown our sincerity by erecting buildings all over this colony, for training men and women, who, I trust, will be an orna ment to society, an honour to Catholicism, and, I sincerely hope, a glory to the living God. Besides the letter referred to in the speech of his Grace, another was read from Alderman iiancocK, or jnerconviuo, enclosing xo os, ana Btating that he gave this sum believing that while the Public schools would be a boon to many who could conscientiously use them, it was gross tyranny to force them upon the Catholic minority who could not con scientiously use them. As a lover of simple fair play he sent his subscription to help this work, and a3 a protest against attempted tyranny from any quarter. His Grace was so pleased with tho axcellent letter of Mr. Hancock that he requested the reporters of the Herald and Telegraph to publish it, but for some reason it did not appear. In a stroll through the Garden Palace we were struck by tho number of cxliibits of Mr. Paling's Pianoforte Warehouse of George-stroet, and on making inquiries found that he was showing no less than 76 instruments. We are indebted to the courtesy of one of his attendants for the following information respecting this really magnificent display, and were also very fortunate in hearing Mr. Murray (organist of All Saints' Church Parramatta) perform on the .Centennial grand Organ by Horace Waters of New York. The power of this instrument is immense, and we should say ample for a large church, while the effects produced under the skilful manipula tion of the performer were grand in the extreme. Mr. Paling shows in his exhibit in the British Court that England can hold its own in pianoforte manufacture. There is here a oplendid Boudoir Grand by Kirkman. in a truly elegant walnut case, some beautiful upright pianos by the same maker, and a full grand cottage by Collard and Collard. The French exhibits cover an immenoe urea of ground, and on a raised platform are the grand pianos, grand in shape, outward workmanship, tone, and in general finish. Tho first one by Erard of Paris is in an ebony and gold case, and has been furnished by that eminent firm expressly for this Exhibition. The tone is truly magnificent and tho action faultless. The other two grands are by Plevcl, Wolff and Co., also of Paris, one being heavily inlaid with brass, the other possessing a novelty in tho way of a movable or extra keyboard, whereby the performer may play any piece of music or accompaniment in any key he pleases without transposing. There is a handsome boudoir piano, by Erard, which looks more like a huge bouquet of flowers, being covered with moat magnificent marqueterie work in mother-o'-psarl, malachite, brass, ivory, and various highly coloured woods. Pianos are Eiero by all tho best known makers — Soufleto, Auoher, Sch wander, Focko, and not forgetting ;he well-known Paling and Co's. French model ^of'figo, Passing1 thence to the German couH, wo jnrno uj'Dii iiriot;h(;i* fine coiled ton of iirst-ciut.9 oianoi', it, iiftl gom of n Bmail grand by Sehied niayt.'1'j two collages by the same nmkor, two large ron frame cross-strung pianos by CarlMand, and jonie beautiful small cottage pianos at low price* ly Hundl -arid Sohn of Stutgart. In this court .-. also a fine piano, by Wagner, with transposing seyboard. In fact these exhibits would require nox-o space than -we can spare to give- an adequate dea of them all. ' ? 