flamdual Intelligence. Belfast: St. John's.'— The Rev. E. S. Eadcliff preached farewell sermons in St. John's Church on Sunday last, but, owing to the in clemency of the weather, comparatively few were able to attend, and, much to his regret, he was unable to visit Yambuk in the afternoon. For these reasons he has asked us to publish the following extracts from his evening sermon. The rev. gentlemen took for his text the last verse of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, and after pointing out that the verse, slightly altered, was used as the concluding prayer at morning and evening service, proceeded as follows : — 'Now, it seems to me tnat stiort'yet comprehensive prayer like this which we have so often joined in while we were together, is a specially suitable one to direct your attention to when we are about to separate. Preaching may sometimes tend to strife ; speaking to one another about our faults and shortcomings may cause some bitter ness of feeling ; reproof and correction, however necessary and wholesome they may be at certain seasons, are not suitable to seasons of parting, and ought therefore to be avoided. Neither, at such times, is it of the slightest use to indulge in vague dreams of what might have been ; of how much better we might have acted under such and such circumstances if we could only have known all we learned afterwards. The past is past, and cannot be recalled ; and though no doubt both you and 1 have been guilty of many sins, negligences, and ignorances since first I came among you, it would now be mere waste of words were I to attempt to remind you of yours, or were you to remind me of mine. But the future, with its many unrevealed possibilities of both good and evil, lies before us all ; and we can have no better preparation for avoiding or resisting the evil, and securing and enjoying the good, than prayer for the continual grace and love of God. We each need to pray for ourselves wherever we are; but our private prayers will be much assisted if we also pray for one another, you for me, and I for you, saying — ' The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you.'' The preacher then gave an explanation of the text, and concluded with the following words of f arewell : — ' Wherever one is going in the ? world, and no matter how high may be his hopes of happiness and anticipations of .} success, no man can well perform any action, or stand in any place, for what he knows to be the last time without some degree of sadness. This is the case even when his experience of the place he is leaving has been the reverse of pleasant. Until about a fortnight ago, I thought that there was no probability of my ever again visiting this district after my present leave-taking, as I had quite decided to return to my own country at the end of the present month. But by the providence of God it has been ordered otherwise, as a post in this diocese, for which I believe myself to be specially suited, became suddenly vacant, and has now been conferred upon me. Thus, although I shall not again address you from this place as your minister, yet I hope to have an opportunity of revisit ing you as a friend, and this hope takes away much of the sadness which I should otherwise have felt to-day. For, far from being unpleasant, the experience both of my wife and myself during our residence in this district has been exceedingly pleasant, and in it we have spent the happiest years of our life in this colony. From the moment of our arrival in Belfast to this day we have been treated with remarkable kindness and consideration — a kindness which has cheered and lightened our hearts in times of sickness, and sorrow, and anxiety, which God has, for His own wise purposes, dealt out to us. Wherever we go we shall always retain feelings of kindly recollection towards this district ; and in now leaving it we feel that we are parting from many true .friends. We believe that you wish us well, and we know that we wish you well, and I feel that the best wishes we can possibly express for one another are summed up in the words with which I shall now conclude — 'The Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patient waiting for Christ.' ' Ye, beloved, building yourselves up on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.' ' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.' ' 