: TflLES. AflO SKITGHES:. : v.-fi 'if r! A ' ' v: -7 , . ; : | ; . . / 7 ; S;' '.Te '-"iVliE-Nyr1 J1' : . AiNEWdNOVEL,.'.' v. r: v! Mo E. BRADDON; 1 ri„|; ADTflOri Off;jfriLiLDr-AuDiS;riSEOBBEl" &0., I SIOI i CnAPTERXXXI.— A Midsummer N ip iit's D«kAm.v ' I.!' .-Cf'.li-./f -rr(OoNTINDriD)L,-ll ,7 ;!/, " : It 'was-, a lovely jovening; : The crescent moba rodo high above the tree- top3 , .tho sunset was still ; red in the west. The . seeret, depths -of the wood: gave forth thbir . subtle! perfume in tho cool, calm air. Thev birds were singiug in supprossedl arid secret tones among the low branches; Now and; then a bat skiirimed across tho open glade; -arid melted into tho woodland darkness, or- arabbit' flitted past,/gray arid ghostlike; It was an hour when the woods assuimed an awful beauty. Nob to meetghobts seemed stranger than to meet them.! The shadows of the dead would have been in har mony .with the mystic loveliness of this green soli-' tude — a world remote from the track of man. "Kveu to-night, though hbr heart was swelling with indignant pain; Violet felt all the -beauty' of , these 'familiar scenes. They were a part of her life, and. so long a3.she lived.sh0 must love and rejoice - in thorn. To-night as she rode quietly along, Care ful not' to fiurry Arion after . his. I5ng day's work, sholooked_roririd her with oyeS full of deep love and fficTancholy yearnlug. It seemed to her to night- thrit out of all that had been sweet and lovely in her life only theso forest sconcsromainod. Humanity had not been kind to ' her. The - dear father hai been- snatched away, just when she had grown to tho height of his stout heart, and: had fullest 'comprehension of his love, .'and great est ' need of his protection. Her mother was a gentle, smiling puppet, to whom it were vain to appeal in her necessities. . Her mother's husband, was an implacable onemy. Rorie, the friend, of her - childhood — who might have beon so much— had given himself to another. . She was quite. alone. ' . , ,- ' - u . -'Tho charcoal-burrter iin.Mark.Ash. is-not SO' solitary as l am," thought Vixen bitterly.. I'.Qllar- coal-burning is only part oMiis life. ! Ho.has his wife-andLchildrou inhi3 cottage at home.Y.r.ju.-. > By-and-by she came out o£.the.windingi!forost ways -into tho straight high-road- that. led1. tot Briarwood- and now she put her horse at a smart trot, for- it was. growing, dark already; and' she calculated that it must be . nearly, elevenio' clock, before she could accomplish what she had'to do and get back to the Abbey Rouse. And at eleven doojs wore , looked for the night, and Captain Winstanleymade a circuit of inspection, as severely as a keeper of a prison. What would- be. said, if she should not get home till after. the gates! were locked,' and the keys delivered over to that stern ' janitor?.,.' -. " -. At last-Briarwood came in sight above tkcidark clumps; of- beech and oak, a white poktico, .shining lamplit windows. The lodge-gate stood hospitably open, and Violet rode iii without question and>up to the pillared porch.- >.' :.! .->. . ''.-i,. ;/ .- Roderick Vawdrey wasfitanding', in, -the ,- porch smokbg.- He threw away his!cigar as Vixemrode up, and ran down the steps to receive heriv,f7f J-! " Why,1 .Violet, what- has happened!?.', hriasked with an alarmed lookv : '' v---r »TI : It: seemed' tb him tliat only sridden-death'or dire.calamitycouldbrbg her to him.'thusj in .the late gloariiing, pale and deeply .- moved.! v' Her lips trembled faintly as she .lookedisat him;,- and 'for tho moment she could find, no .yords- to,, tell( her trouble, . -. f ' What is it, Violet?" he asked ,agai n 1 holding 1 her gloved hand in his,;and lookbg.up at-her, fuU of-sympathy aud concern.- 1 x "Not -very much, perhaps,, in yoor-idea.of things ; but it seems a great deal to meC ; And-'it bas put me into a tremendous passion. - I have como to ask you to do me a favor. " . . . - . / " A thousand favors if you like ; and when they are a\l granted the obligation shall be still on my side. But come into the drawing-room! and rcstrr- and let me get you somo tea — lemonade — wine- something to refresh you after your long ride.". " Nothing, thanks. I am not going to get off my horse. I must not lose a moment. Why it must be long after nine already, and. Captain Winstaoley locks up tho house at eleven.": . ; Rorie did not care.to tell her that it wa3 on .tlio stroke of ten.' He called in a stentorian voice for; a servant, and told the man to got-Bluo -Petcr saddled that instant. ' — - ' - - »--v H Publlslicd by spcxdri'arraiigemibnt with theauthor. All 'rights reservod. j ; i; ««-.-! tr i 1 ;iqmr.;.greom, Vjobfif'.-ho.. askeiivfe- vjpridomg to sec hoc unattended, , . . . . ;i,Ili<xve no groom. That's j ust what I come to J tqtt you; Captain Winstanlcy has. dismissed Bates,, | 'at: a. minute's wariiihg,.; without d duuracter." .. l."j)isroisscd old Batcs, your father's faithful- ! .jfvant 'f But in heaven's name what forT', ; l wimid'rather;net tell Von that. ! The alleged reaspn ia an. jnsult to me. I cati tellyou that ifcis 'nlrf'fpr rlftonosty. or lying,, or .drunkenness,, or ! insolence or any, act that a goodscrvantriccd.bc T ashamed, of. The poor old man., is cast off for ; a, fault of mine; or for an, act of mine, wbicli . Captain jWinstanley pleases to. condemn. ;He is ' thrust. out of doors homeless,.. without a charac 1 tor, aftci" forty yeairs of faithful service.. Ho was, with my grandfather, you know. Now, Rorie, I ! want you to take Bates into your service. , . Ho . is 1 npt so ornamental as a young man, perhaps.;, but - he is ever so much more useful Ho is faithful ' and industrious, honest and true. He is a capital ; nurse for sick horses and I have heard my dear father say that he know3 more than the common run of veterinary surgeons, t don't think you would find liim an incumbrance. Now, dear Rorie,!' she concluded coaxingly, with innocent chuldish: entrcaty,,almost as if they, liad still been ; (ffiildxen and, playfellows, "I want yovito do this, j forme — I want you to take Bates." . " iWhy; you, dear simple-minded baby, I would ' toko a regiment of Bateses for your sake. - Why, 1 thLs.np|;.afa,vpr-r7-rr"v J,!) .; !: ::i Sf.v; ! : f.yjkis a».i£':»ji ..should I gloyes;! " cripdyixen,. quoting Dpsdomona's. speech j to her general. ; ; .... ,. .j. ' sRprie's, ready promise had revived; hex spirits,, She felt that, after all, there was, surii a thing, as i friendship in thca world. Life- was not, altogether : blank and; dreary, , She forgot that her old friend | i had given himself away to another woman. Slip i had a knack of forgetting that vlittlo fact when she and -Rorio wore together. It was only in her hours of , solitude that tho circumstance presented I itself distinctly to her mind. ! \- "I am so grateful to you for this,, Rorlo," she cried.. "I cannot tell you what a load you have j token off my mind. I felt surejrou; would do mo this favor. And yet, if you had said. Nor — :) It would have beon too dreadful to think of. . Poor old Bates loafing about Bccchdalc, living upon his savings ! T shall bo able to pension him by-and-by„ whcivlam of age; but now I have, only a ifow S pounds in the world, tho remains of a quiurter'a ! pocket-money, apcordbg to tho yievyand allow- j arico of the forester," added Vixen, quotingthe ! Forest Law,, with a-little. mpckirig tauH. a I now . gbpd-night , I; must . gri homo( ai fest,' as' Ij can!" , '// J' ,"r 'Zl!' "So' Sriri 'iritiit, butj I dto!ic6ming;with'yoir,,r i answered Rorie jarid'theri he. wared 'aiii; 'in" his1 : stentorian, voice in. tha ;directiori.. dftho 'stabies- j " Where's'that Blud Peter f'"" :!u; I " " Irideed there is rib reasbnorYbri' to coinp' ; cried' 'Vixen;7' "."T.'-'laaiow1' wcry'"!''1 Ai'Hlai . Forest7 j :" Vbry Iilcely ; att I 1 it 7 - ' ' >». 1' ,) J ' Si'T/l ,.it f I ;« , ! 1 tlio s am 0 1 , | a j "j ; " Aijrpomi'rcd out" Blue etori'ri sfrprig'eful- | looking hack, which' Mri.'( VawtoeyTKpri£ to'do!hiS dirty work, 'hunting in bad', wbatiierj "iiglif- rirbrk, ' and extra jourebys of aU'hindsV'f rie was in the \- saddle arid by Vixen's side without ; jniriuto'd'. lost tiirie, and they were riding out "of the grounds into the straight road, , , . . . ; . ! They rode for a cohsiderajdp .timey in. silenco.' , Violet had seldom seen hor old friend so 'thought ful. The night deepened, tlie stars shone out of the clear heaven, at first one by one '; and then,' , suddenly, in a multitude that no tongue coulff number. The leaves whispered and' rustled witli faint mysterious noi3C3, as Violet and hor com- panion rode slowly down the long steep hill ' " What a beast that Winstanlcy is !" said Rorie, when, they got to, the bottom of the hill, as if he had. been, all, this time arriving at an opinibn about" Violet's stopfatiier; I'm ofriui he mus jnake yoifr Rfemiserabi'e."' . vjf|fHedbetihlce ft..pa,rfi6rilMl3f , happy, "' an- swerrid Vixen 'quiotiy ; ' V britl riever expectbir to be liappy/after marioma 'married'1 'I did hpji'thirih &er;'p' wa3 'riiuclihappineM left, for' jno. afterTmy -mtherrs,'3ea&,;'hat there ,'wes .atilepciwe. Captain .Winstonley has ma.de ari end! 0 tliat. "I " ' ! arid,(ii.'shoiffd 'likq Jto 'shoot him,"Bftid"'lSbri(j viridiotively! "Dear, .little yifeii— j;cs,Xmu8t,caU you by jthe old pot riamp— to tliink that you should be miserable, j you whom I reinember so bright, and happy, you' who "were born for happiness' ! B'uti you are riot' always wretched dew>hesd,leagp.to.'fip(to her in closer, more confidential torips, if .tlip sleepy birds arid the whispering forest leaves could hetray bim. " You were happy — wo were happy— this morning." . , , " He bad laid'hishandrin hers. " That usefulBlue Peter needed no guidance. ' They were 'just leav ing the road, arid entering " a long 'glade that led through'a;riewlyiopened-<ir plantation', a ritrziight ride df ''auriilo arid a half or so.i: The young moori was gleaming cool arid 'clear above the' featherin'g ppirits of'the-firs?7-"1 " " "Y3," 'she!i arikwered ''ekib1y/,(1!riTOluiii tarily,: with a stiffed sob; '' Larii always 'happy withtyou; ' You are all- that reiriains tyme'bf :nsy bid-life.1"''-''' 1 i :vi<r ' " My dearest, 'toy Idveliest;rtheu be happy for ever' !'' he'dried;1 winding his arm round her slim waist, and leaning over1 her till his head almost rested'ori hor shoulder; ' Their horses were close together; walking at a footpace,- Blue Peter.in -ho wise1 disebneerted by- this extraordinary behavior of hisrider. ; \- - " My ibvo, if you, can be happy at so small a pricel-be'happy always!" said Rorie, : his lips Close'to the girl'3 pale chcok, li:3 arm feeling every beati of the passionato heart.1 " I will brealc -the toils that bind1 me. I will be yours; and' yours only. I have never truly loved anyone but you, and- 1 have loved yon all my life' — I never khewhow dearly'till' of late. N6; dearest love, never did T know how utterly I ffoved yori ti'l these last summer day3 which we have lived ' together,' alone- and supremely happy, iri ' the ! forest that is our nativo land. My Violet, T will j break with -Mabel to-morrow. She' rind I -were ; never made for one another. You and I were. ; Yes; fove, yes ; we havo grown up together side by- side, like the primro3e3 and violets in the wdoUs.- ! It is toy "second natnrb to love yoa. Why fehould wo be parted ? Why should I go' oh acting- a dismal farce, pretending lovo to Mabel, pretending friendship for you— alike false to bottJiTlierer is-.:no«;roason;Vioieb,_nqn«— copt-r-r" ...... r. "Eaccpt jrour promiso to your dying mothpY . said Violet escaping from his -arm, and .looking, at him steadily, bravely, through the. dim -.Iig|it.. " You shall not break that for my sako-r-yoti-' ought not, were I ten times a tiettar. yomaa tliaa I am. No, Rorio, you aro . to do your duty; rind, keep your word. You are to marry Lady Mabel, , and bo happy ever after, like tho prtocp to ri, fairy tale. Depend upon it; happinesp alyayg comes in the long . run to tlie man who does, his, duty''' - l" I don't believe it," cried Roderick, . passion., ately ; " I liavo seen men who have done right: all through life— men who have sacrificed feeling; tohonor, and been misorablo. Why should" i! imitate them? I love you. I loved you always but my mother worried and teased me, vaunting, Mabel's perfections, trying to lessen you in, my esteem. And then, when slip was dying, and it. seemed a hard thing to opposo licr wishes, or! to rofuso her anything, were it even tho happjnesa of .my life, I was weak, and let myself: be per.;' suaded, and sold myself into bondage. ,;But.,it s not too late,, Violot. I will write Mabol an honest letter to- morrow, and toll her tlio ; truth ; ipjf tiipj first time in my life." " .. . ,.j .. (.jjj,-. ... "fYott will do, nothing ,ot.. the- kind, cried Violet resolutory. " ,Whatj do you'tlunk r'. bayp norpridep-rioj, sense .of honor?" Do you.'thinic 'I would -let it be said of me, that jR, knowing .you to.be ongaged to your cousin, sotmysolf to lureyou away .from her ; that wo irodc together, arid wcro- seen" together, happy to each other's company and a3 careless of slander as if wo liad peeri! brother and. sister ; and that the end of allrwaii that-you broke your faith to your promised wifo in order to marry mo? No, Rorio, ..tha.'ih'ai never be said. If I could stoop, so tow1: 1 .sboulii bo worthy of the worst word my mother'riustxvmj, could say of mo." , '.V- , -./ -;i >t ,;VWhat dpepit matter what. peoi»lp",sar-yiprir. mother's husband above all? , Malicocari (alw'B. ; find something cvii to say of uri, lot us shapp.pui; lives how we may. What reaUy.mattore that wp should be happy : and I can b£ one but you, Violot. T.know, tlari. ripwi1;. never marry Mabel Arihbouree."- , . i " it . , 1 1 '! ,;'»>««!. I . . « ." And. yptt:,will never; marry mo,", .ansere Yixpn; .vuig>Axion>.'a, ihtjbpjaeh 4o£. hor.py whicli sent himliying along the shadowy -nil?! | ;) Blue Peter followed- as-, sivif tly. . ; |toi;|p wth». by Viplet's sidc,again;;int;amiririto, withhis hand gngers. ,r "You mean that you don t love mp? lie, px;. claimed apgrily.- Why-could, you, not lijiysriid po attho firat; whjr hayo,yput,lpt me'livojn fool's paradiso ?'' ; ( .. . , i r , , f , . ; I 11 o'fiThe paradise waB!of.your ownmaking;l!sli« answered. I lovo you a littlo for the past;; cause toy father loved you— beflauso ;you; aro, < all ! tliat remains to me of my happy childhood. iYcSii if ib were riot for- you, I. might look back land think those dear old day3 were only a dream; Bit I hear your voice, I look at you, and know that you are real,; arid; that once I was ycrjl ! happy. Yes, Rorie,; I. do lovo you — lovc you-- : yes, with all my heart, dearer, better thanT havp over1 loved anyone upon this earth, . sincP - my father.; was laid in ; tho ground. Yes,, dear/' Thoir horses were walking slowly now ; . arid her hand was locked to his as thoy rodo sidri by : sido.' " Yes, dear, I lovo yon too well, and you and VI mu3t part. I had schooled myself to believe' that I loved you.only 'ri3 P might have loved a brother!; that you could be Lady Mabel's husband rind; my true friend. But that mas a delusion— that ban never bo. You rind I must part, Itorio.'' This nigbt-ride in the Forest mu3t be our last. ! Never anymore; by sun or moon, must you andlrido togQthor. Itis all over, Rorie, the old childish' friendship. I moan to do my duty, and you must do yours." " I " \- i ";i will 1 never, marry i' woman I ' do' ndt love." ' " You'- will keep your promiso to yourm'other j you will act a3 a man of honor 1 should.- - :Thi'nk; " Rorie, .what ri shatoeful thing it would >-o-.'tordo, to- break! off an iongagemctit which hah i>epnr!M long pubhely known, itotwound and! grieVouyoor good anrit-and! uncle." " f -;V u ,!; va ff/Thoy/have.- been very' kind: to: mc" -sighed Rorie.-.' - 0 Shit 1 would 1 hurt .1 me to ;> givo j I theril , pain;'"j:i-.i: ;v, =««»; « .-! dt'.v h-jictiaoo-asiihnr '"His coriseienee told him'slie' was -rightjl'bticihe was angry with her for being'so'-much wisorthan himself; " ro v- -la ,rr Then, ' in a moment,1 love— that had1 Numbered long, idly happy in' tlio 'company Of tho'1 helovedj rind had Suddenly awakenod to know- that this Bummor- dayridleSse 1 mearit 'a passion stronge» than death— love gotithc better of conscience; and ho cried vehomoritly : ; : - 1 " What need I care for lio Duko arid Duchpiaf Hicy can have 'their choice of hrisbrinds "for tiieii daughter rinheif ess like' Mabclhas onlyto siriilej and 'i'mari1 LratiliferfPef'. Why should1! sacririco myself, 'love',' truth'; ' all tliat makes ' life worth having ? Do you think I would do it'for tlife kako of 'iMbourrib; arid 'the Honrir of 1 befngri dulco's 8ori-iri-iaw?:,;: ''y' No', Rorie;' but ' for tH'p sake of rijjoiur' iirprniseJ And now look, there is 'LyridEnrst ' steeple1 SboVa the1 woods; 'l am near homri/ rind wo - tonst pay good-night." " r -xfi IwoJit' . 'Nottill yourircrityPur own-gatoi- 'd'r " No7 pne must seeyPUt-'T 'wriritlto':fido"i'iA quietly by tho 1 stables. DOn-t think ! am'oshritoed of my errand to night.-' 1 1 am not, 1 but I1 want to save toy mother1 trouble; arid5 'if''Criptairi Wiifc stanlpyand I were to discuss 'the' matter- therf' would be a disturbance." ctwuivt " Roderick Vawdroy seized Arion by the"- bridle. "1 1 shall- riot let 'you1 ;jgb s6,TPfiriily," resolutely. "Vixen, I'fiavo 'loTOdiuHPy'4 . since I can remember you! Will -yori be'!iijr wife?' :ui> ;;i -i; -y..,;!,; -aJito ' f "Why didyofftoythatVou'!ove"irie'r?-:: "Because I cannot' tell a lie? Yeri? Idovs "yoa; Bono ; But i;loTO'your honor, arid toy own,j , ltotierthari-ffiririharire of :ri happiness that might' fade and wither before we could grasp it. I knptr ' that your mother had- a very poor opinion of mo ! while she was alive ; I should liko her to krioiv',,if 1 the dead know anything; that she was toistaken hnd that'I am 'riot quite' unworthy of her respect.' i You wiH marry Lady Mabel Ashbourne; 'Boriri ; and toil jreara hence, when- we 'are sober midfflo- : aged people, we 'shall bo firm friends oriCo ageing andjyoii wUl thank and praise me for having cento- Bgllca you to el'eavo to tie right. Let go ihebridle, Bonethoro's no timo to lose. There's a glorious gallop from Queen's Bower to the Christchurch Etad." ' . , _ " It was a long grassy ride, safe only for those who, knew -tho country well, for it was bordered oil each side by, treacherous bogs; Violet knew evcftnch of the way. Arion scented his stable afaroff,' and went like the wind ; Blue Peter stretched his muscular limbs in pursuit. It was a wild . ride along the grassy track, beside watery matches and reedy pools that gleamed in the dim ligHtxif a new moon. The distant woods'showed black agaigst the sky. There was no light to malrk. a human habitation within ken. There was-lilothing but night and loneliness and the sbletrih beauty of an unpeopled waste. A forest pbry stobil here and there — pastern-deep in tho sedges — and gazed at those two wild riders, graVc and grey, like a ghost. A silvery snake glided1- across the track; a water-rat plunged, 1 witH a': heavy 'splash, into a black pool as the horaes. galloped by. It was a glorious ride. Miser able as both riders were, they could not but enjoy' thai wild rush through the sweet soft air, under- the silent stars. . !" ! Vixen gave a long sigh, presently, when .they, pulled up their horses on. the hard road; x " J think I airi ' fey now," she said. 44 I vyonder vhat ib going to happen to me?' 4 'Whatever misfortunes come to' you- hencc- rorih will be your own-fault;" protested Boric lavngely. . "You won't be Happy,- or make me 80." ' ' " Don't be angry with me, Rorie, "she answered quite, mockiy. . " I would rather be miserable in my own way than happy in- yours." , ' AHon; having galloped for his own pleasure/, wouldnowhaveliked to crawl. He was beginning to feel tho effects of unusual toil, ' and'' hung his head despondently ; but Vixen urged him' into a shart> trot, feeling that m'attors'wero growing desperate. - V ' " ' T fln minutes later they were at the lodge' lead ing to tho stables. The gate was locked, the" eottpgb wrapped in darkness.,- , 1 ' 1 'fX.iniist. go in -by the oirriage-diive;'';Baid: Vixen/ It's rather a liore/'as'i am pirctty sura tb met' Captain Winstanley. r But 'it cah't'be helped."'- ' : >': ' ; 'Let me go iriwithyou." ' " ' VBx»; Rorie ; -that would do no good. If ho insulted me before you, .his insolence vroiild pain me." 1 .. "" ' " ' . "And I believe I should pam him;" 'said orie. "I should give him the ; sweetest horse- whippinghc ever Had in his life." - 1 ' ' - = B That-is to Bay you- would bring 'disgrace niton " me; ahd "irfake my mother - miserabli. . That's' a man's idba of kindness. No,' Rorie; we part here. \- ' €tood-riight,aridgaod- byc. " '.„. - 44 Fiddlesticks Period .Boric." "-I shall wait' ior>you all to- morrowiinorniiig at. the kennels'." i. : v'froceh- had ridden past the open -gate TThd lodge-keeper stood- at .' liis-vdrior: waiting 'for her." Roderick respected her wishes and stayed outside.. ;.i! .; \- I'fjopd-nigbt,'' she cried' again, looking hack pt him ; "Bates shall come ;to: you to-morrow morning.',' - .' . THo'ihall-door was wide open, and Captain Wltisfcaniey stood, on- the threshold, waiting for his stepdaughter. One of the underlings from tho stable was ifeady to take Her horse. She dis mounted unaided, flung the reins to the groom, and walked up to the Captain with her firmest step. When she was in the hall he shut the door, and bolted and locked it with a somewhat osten tatious' care. She seemed to breathe less freely when that great door had shut out the cool night. . She felt, as if she were in a gaol. " I should like half-a-dozen words with you in the drfiwiiig-room before you go upstairs," Cap tain Wlnstar.ley said stiffly. " A hundred, if you choose," answered Vixen with supreme coolness. - : She was utterly fearless. What risks or hazards bad-' life that she need dread ? She hoped .nothing —feared nothing. She had just made the greato est, sacrifice that fate could require of her ; she had rejeotod the man she fondly loved. What were tho slings and arrows of her stepfather's petty malice compared with such a wrench as that ? tJbbipllowcd Captain Winstanley to the draw- ing-rqom. Here there was more air ; one long window was open, and the lace curtains were.': faintly stirred by the night winds. A large 'moderator lamp burned npen Mrs. Win- gtaiiley's favorite, table— Jicr books and ' basket of crewels were there, but the lady of the house bad-retired. . V- My mother has gone. : to bed, I suppose 5" inquired Vixen.- - - - - _ .- '.'She has gone to her room, hut I fear. she is too much agitated to get any . rest.. I would »ot allow her to wait be re any, longer for you. " 'lis it; so very late ?' asked Vixen "with the mostiinnocent air. Her heart was heating violently, and her temper was not at its best. She stood looking at the Cap tain, with a mischievous sparkle in her eyes, and Her whip tightly clenched. , "SJjto was thinking of that speech of Borie's 'about the " sweetest horsewhipping." She won dered whether Captain Winstanley had ever been horscwliipped ; whether that kind of chastise ment was. numbered in the pum of his experiences. JShp- opined not. The Captain was too astute a mirtl' to- bring himself in the way of such punish- mP#.fr.:Ite would do things that deserved horse whipping, and get off scot free. VJfjs, a quarter -past eleven. I don't know whether yon think that a respectable hour for a yoiyag Jady's evening ride. May I ask the motive #f this nocturnal expedition ?" 4 'CeKaiiilyi You deprived Bates of a comfort able place— he has only been in the situation forty yeap-rand I .went to get liim another , I am happy to say that I succeeded." ... "And pray who is the chivalrous employer willing to receive my dismissed servant without a character?- « " A very old friend of my father's— Mr. Vvrdrey." 1,-thor.glt as much," retorted the Captain. 44 Acd-i t is to Mr. Vawdrey you have been, late at night, unattended?" - „ "It is your faalt that 1 went unattended. You have taken upon yourself to dismiss my groom — Oic man who broke 017 first pony, the man 1 ay father gave me for an attendant iajid protector' !just as he gavomc inyhbrso.- You Svilf 'take upon yourself to sell my horse next, J'BUppose ?" - ! "I shall take a great - deal more, upop myself, before you and I have done with' each other, Miss Tempest," answered tho Captain, pale with passion. ' ' 1 _ Never had Vixen seen Him so strongly moved. The purple veins stood out darkly upon his pale forehead, liis eyes had a haggard look ; he was like a man consumed inwardly- by Borne evil passion that was stronger than himself, like a man possessed by devils. Vixen looked at him with wonder. They stood facing each other, with the lamplit table between them, the light shining on both their faces. ' ' " Why do you look at me with that provoking smile?" he asked./' "Do you want to 'exaijpcrato; me? You must know that'-T liatc yoii.r" 44 1 do," answered, Vixen "but Qod ' only knows why yon should do so," ; ' . : ; '' ; i: " Do j'o'u know'nbreasbn?" ;i ' ! 44 No." ': . ; . Can't ybn guess one ?" :tj : J ! " No, ' unless it is because, my father's fortuno will bdong to ihe by- andhyei, if ! live lo be five; jand-twenty, and your position here will be 'lossoned." , -' -i c -: ' - ' 44 That is not the reason ; ho, ; I am hot so base asthat. That is not why f hate you, Violet. If you had been some dumpy, homely, country lass, with thick features and a clumsy figure, you aud I might have got on decently enough. I would have made you obey mo ; but I would have been kind to you. But you are something very different. You are the girl I would have perilled my soul to win— the girl who rejected me with careless scorn. Have you forgotten that niglit in the Pavilion Garden at Brighton ? I have not. I never look up at the stars without remembering it ; and I can never forgive you while that mem ory lives in my mind. If you bad been my wifo, Violet, I would have been your slave. You forced : me to make myself your stepfather ; ahd I will he master instead of slave. I will ; make your life bitter to you if you thwart me. I will put a stop to your running after another woman's sweet- 1 heart. I will come between yon and your lover, - Boderiek Vawdrey. Your secret meetings, your1 , clandestine love-making shall be stopped; Sucli1 conduct as you have been carrying on of late is a' shame and disgrace to your sex." ' " How dare you say that ?" cried Vixen, "beside' herself with anger. ' , ." ' : ' She grasped the lamp wit-b both bbr hands, as' if she would have hurled it at liei-1 foci It W.asa' large moon-shaped gtybe upoa a bronze p edesttd.— a fearful thing . to fling ,'at- oneV adversary- A. great ' . wiiyo of blood" ! surged hp 1 into "the, girl's brain. What she was going to do" she' knew not,.' hut lier whole being was'iwnjTils.etVhy tMc passion of that moment. . The room reeled before her oyos, the heavy pwlcstal swayed in Her hande, and their she saw .tho hmooulikc globe rojlon to the car- pet, and after it; and darting beybncl it, a' stream of liquid fire that ran, and riSi,' quicker than thought, towards the open window. . , Before she could speak or move' the flame . had run up the lace curtain like a living thing, swift, as the flight of a bird or the. gliding motion of a lizard. The wide casement was wreathed with, light. Tlicy two — Vixen and her foe— seemed to be standing in an atmosphere of fire. 1 , ' Captain "Winstanley was confonnded by tlic suddenness of the catestroplic; , .While he . stood dumb, bewildered, Vixen, sprang through the nar row space bfetweeri thb'flamtng clirtains, as it she had plunged into a . gulf of fire. 1 He. heard her' strong clear voice cidling te'the 'blemen and gardeners. It rang |kq' a) . clarion ill the still summer night. '.V- There was not a moment mst. ' Tlie| stablemen, rushed with pails of water, and directly after them the Scotch gardener withliis garden-engine, which held several gallons. . .His liose did some damage to the drawing-room ' carpbt and uphol stery, but the strong jet. of water speedily qucncliedthc flames. In ten minutes'tlie window sited blank, and black, and bare, with Vixen standing on the lawn outside; contemplating the damage she had done. Mrs Winstanley nishciTinat the drawing- room door, ghostlike, in her white ji.otr. palc and scared. . , "Oh, Conrad, what lias.haprened?" she cried distractedly, just able to distinguifih lier hus band's figure standing in the midst of the dis- disordered room.' : 44 Yonrbeautiful daughter has been trying to set the house on fite," h'e''answerod. ."That" is aii." _ ' ClUMBB XXXH.— 44 THAT;MC8X -END AT OBOE.' . A quarter of an honr later, . when all the con; fusion- was over, - Violet was kneeling by, ber mother's chair, trying to restore tranquillity to Mra. Winstonley's fluttered spirits. Mother and daughter were alone together in the older lady's dressing-room, the disconsolate Pamela sitting like Niobe, amidst her scattered fineries, her po made-pots and powder- boxes, fan-cases and jewel caskets, and all the arsenal of waning beauty, 44 Dear mother," pleaded Violet, with unusual gentleness, "pray don't give way to this unneces sary grief. You cannot snrcly believe that 3 tried to set this dear old house on fire— that I could be so foolish— granting even that I were wicked enough to do it — as to destroy a place I love— the house in which my father was Lorn ! You can't believe sncb a thing, mother." " I know that you are making my life miser able," sobbed Mrs. Winstanley, feebly dabbing her forehead with a flimsy Valencjcnnea bordered handkerchief, steeped in eau-dc-eologne, " and I am rare Conrad would not. tell a falsehood." 4 4 Perhaps not," said Vixen with a gloomy look. 44 We will take it for granted that he is per fection and could r.ot do wrong. . But in this case he is mistaken. I felt onite -capable of killing him, but not. of setting fire to this houso." 44 Oh," wailed Pamela distractedly, 44 this is too dreadful !. To think that I should have a daughter who confesses herself at Lcart a murder ess." 44 Unhappily it is true, mother," said Vixen, moodily contrite. 44 For just that one moment of roy life I. felt a murderous impulse— and from the impulse to the execution is a very short step. I don't feel myself very, superior to the people who arc hanged at Newgate,.! assure yon,"- "What is to become of mc ? inquired Mrs- Winstanley in abject lamentation. 44 It is Wo hard that my own daughter should ho a source bf misery in my married life, that, she should harden her heart against the best of stepfathers, and try; ' yes, actually try, to bring discord between me . and the busband I jovc. ' I. don't know what I' have done that I should bo so miserable." „ 41 Dear mother, only be calm and listen to me," urged Violet-, who was very calm herself, with a; coldly resolute air which presently obtained as cendancy over her agitated parent. 44 If I have been the source of misery, that misery cannot too soon come to an end. I have long felt that I have no place in this house— that I am one too many . in our small family. I feel now — yes, mamma; I feel and know that the same roof cannot cover me and Captain Winstanley.. He and I can no' longer sit at the same board, or live in the same house. That must end at once." 4 4. What- complaint can you have to make against him, Violet?" cried her mother hysterically, and. -vitli a good deal moro dabbing of the perfumed handkerchief upon her fevered brow.! "Iam sure no father could be kinder than Conrad would be to you if yon would only let him. ; But you have set yourself against-him from the very first,' ' It seems as if you grudged me my happiness',"- :- 44 It shall seem 110 longer, mamma. I will cease to be a thorn in your garland of roses," re plied Vixen, with exceeding bitterness. .. 44 1 will leave the Abbey House directly any other home can be found for me. If dear old M4Croke would" take caro of me I should like to go abroad/some where very far, to somo strange place, where all things would be different and new to me," con tinued Vixen, unconsciously betraying that ach ing desire for forgetfulness natural to a wounded heart. 4 4 Sweden, or Norway, for instance. I think I should like to spend a year in one of those cold strange lands, with. good old. M4Croko for my companion. There would be nothing to remind me of the Forest," she concluded with a stifled sob. 44 My dear Violet, you-have such wild ideas," exclaimed lier mother with an injured air. " It is just as Conrad says. You' have ho notion of the, proprieties. Sweden or . Norway, - indeed 1 Was there ever anything so outlandish ? What would people say, I wonder ? " 44 Ah, what indeed, mamma.- Perhaps, they might for once say what is true : that I could not get on -with Captain Winstanley, and so ' was: fbrccd to find another home." . "And what a reproach that would be to me, cried her mother. : 44 You are so selfish, Violet ;. you think of no one but yourself." : " Perhaps that is because .nobody else, thinks; of; me, mother." .' ; " i- ; 44 How can you say such abominable- things', ; Violet ?.- Am I iiot'.thinkirig of:you tbis momient:?'': I: am "sure I-havo thought" of: yon- this- evening- until my. head aches!. You force . one to- think, about you, whori you bohave in - sueh' a 'disgrace- : Xul manner." ;' ; : , : 44 What. havo I - done that aiugraoetul, mamma? I have ridden butatan unusualhour. to- get a place for. an old servant — a man ; who has" Bcrved in this house faiCh'fully for forty years/. That js what I have done, and I should not he asliamed if it were known to everybodjftn Hamp-: shire. Yes, -even to Lady Mabel Ashbourne, that: pattern of chilly propriety. The disgrace Is Citp- t∈ Winstanley's. It . is he who ought; to. bo ashamed of turning off my father and grand-' father's old servant. ; Wliat you. have to be, sorry; for, mamma, is that you have married a. man ca- pahlc of sqch anaction." ' ' \- 'I4 How/.dare you speak against him ! " cried the offended wife. ' 44 He has 'done everything for the best. It was yonr own foolish conduct j that obliged him to dismiss Bates. To think that j a daughter of mine should have so little self- re- . spect as togo roaming about the Forest with' an engaged man ! It is too dreadful." j 44 You need not make yourslf unhappy "about ' the engaged man, mamma," said Vixen scornfully. | 44 He is out of danger. Borie and I need never . see each other again. I should be' more than content that it should be so. Only arrange .with' , Captain Winstanley for some allowance tb be made mc — just money enough to enable mo to' j live abroad with dear old McCroko. I want no gaieties, I want no fine dresses. Tho Simplest' mode of life, in a strange country, will suit me I best." - . : | 44 1 can't bear the idea of your going away," | whimpered Mrs. Winstanley. 44 PeSpIbV/ill talk so; A stepfather's is such a delicate position. People arc sure to say cruel things about Conrad. , And it is all your fault, Violet. We might have lived so happily together if you had liked." . 44 We might, perhaps, mamma ; but I don't thinTc any of us Knew the way. Captain Win stanley could hardly expect that to sell my father's favorite horse was the shortest way toviiy liking j and that's how he began his reign in this house. Words are useless to heal such- wounds as ours.' Good-night. Sleep well, and forgctall about me, To- morrow you and the Captain can give, me my liberty." 44 1 thought you were so fond of the Abbey House," moaned lier mother. 44 So I was when it was home. It has ceascd'to be my home, and T shall Be glad to .leave it;" - 44 Oh, Violet, you have a hard heart." ! 44 Good-night, mamma." . . She was gone, leaving Mrs. Winstanley' feebly moaning, and vaguely dabbing her forehead; feeling that the Fates had not been kind to her. Life sceinod to have gone all askew: It was if Theodore had taken to sending homo misfits. Nothing was smooth or pleasant in an ' existence whose halcyon calm had once been undisturbed by so much as a crumpled rose-leaf. Vixen went straight to her room, accompanied by Argus, who" had followed her from the hall to the door of her mother's dressing-room, and had waited patiently for lier in the corridor,' with his head leaning against the closed door, as if ' ho scented trouble within. When girl and dog were alono together, Violet flung herself on tho ground, threw her arms round the mastiff's thick neck, and let her tears flow freely against that faithful head. 44 Oh Argus," she cried piteously, 44 you arq tlio only friend left me in this wide world !" - Trip, man who wrote that 44 nothing, was im possible" never tried to find tho pocKct ip -bis I wife's dress when it was hanging op in a clotliCB- 1 prcca.— WtiUehMTimea. 