A STEP ON THE STAIR. i. A step on the stair— I know it well — A rustle by silken garments made, A sound like that of a human hand Nervously clutching the balustrade. These I have heard for many a year In the silent pauses of every night ; I have watched, but never would aught appear Confirming the ghostly sound with sight, At the midnight hour 'tis always there — 1 The trailing silk — the step on the stair. ii. 'Tis a quaint old mansion where I stay, The bedroom ancient where I sleep, With curious carven furniture. And curtains dusk o'er windows deep. The oaken floor is dry with years, And creaks to every footstep there ; But the room is silent when I hear The trailing silk — the step on the stair. Sometimes it pauses beside my door, Then paces again the hollow floor. HI. " What bodes the visitor here ?" I said, And trimmed my lamp and watched again, Cautiously opened the paneled door And searched the quivering dark in vain. Outside the landing space was wide, The polished floors were always bare. I heard the garments brushing aside And going down — the step on the stair ; Aye, going down till it seemed to fall And rest on the lowest step of all. rv. I spoke, and the hand on the rail slid down, And a sound as a ring ou carven wood ; In the hall below a sigh so deep Came audibly awful where I stood. I entered the room with trembling haste And barred the door with a cumbrous chair, And then again — the trailing of silk — Asoending, I heard the step on the stair — Ascending and slowly pacing by, With the rustling silk and deep-drawn sigh. v. Women are brave in the parlour light, And men will joke at the tales of ghosts ; But he who sleeps in that silent room Never again of his valour boasts. The timid domestics whisper fears And shun the stairs when the dark comes on. This was the dread for the many years While I have slept in the room alone : No night can pass but the listener there May hear the measured step on the stair. vi. With throbs at my heart that broke all rest, That sleepless night I sat in my chair ; I heard the sigh of the wind outside And the sigh more awful on the stair ; All that old memories stored away I searched in vain ; the problem sought - Lay buried deep in the after-life That awakens fear and vexes thought ; While ever the step and sigh the same I heard till the gray of the morning came. vn. Outside, by the stairs, in a mouldered frame, Is a picture of one in silk and lace — A stately dame of the olden time, With curled grey hair and a haughty face. I said to the servitor : " Who is this ?" And he, with a harrowing look, replied : " You have heard it, then — the step on the stair ? It is years, aye, fifty, since she died ! And ever since then— she was mistress here — The guests of that room her footsteps hear. vux. " This, my lady, was proud and high, And her son as proud and high as she ; But he was fierce and given to feud — Bad blood ran thick in the family. One night the father and son, in wine, Brawled at a kinsman's and fought with swords, And late, in the midnight, covered with blood, Their dead, dead bodies came home on boards — Laid down there, at the foot of the stair — Oh ! the blood was running everywhere ! ix. "My lady heard — yes, that was her room — \- 0, she was white ! but her step was staid — You would never have known she cared at ail ' But by her clutch at the balustrade. And then her ring, as it smote the oak, . Wounded her hand till it bled like theirs ; But she saw naught but the two, nor spoke ; ' Sudden sat down on the dabbled stairs, She cried nor spake, but rigid as stone, Only stared down at father and son. x. " The women cried — but she sat still, And never a sign of word or tear ; Her face was blanched as any snow, But her eyes were awful — so black and clear ! Her maid in her frenzy took her hand, But shrieked as it fell from her grasp like lead. There sat my lady — still high and grand, But mercy, O save us ! she was dead ! Now, pvery night since she sat down there Her step is heard on the oaken stair." xi. I pondered — there is no grace in this — 'Tis a somewhat dreadful tale of blood ; But no whit wiser, in that I seek That which has never been understood. Resolve and courage should furnish me This chamber till I had conquered fear And measured the moral power of ghosts. This is why I'm domiciled here ; And the love I have for the antique grace That stays with spirits in such a place. xci. I like the chamber quiet and dim Because of its quaint upholstery, With its upright bedstead, carved and tall, Its purple curtains and canopy, Its high- backed chairs of twfsted oak, Its mighty fire-place graved in stone, Fire-dogs grinning asleep on the hearth And the blinking griffins wrought thereon; And cabinets old, where sculptured Fates Are holding the titles to vast estates. xiii. I like its groining and tapestry And its mullioned windows, where I see The first red rays of the sun illume Th6 walls, with their sculptured blazonry ; Where the curtains flame with flowers of gold And the grotesque figures laugh and climb With many a mediaeval trick In curious Gothic pantomime, And broken lights on the statues fall In shaded niches set in the wall. xrv. Ah ! all these things have a charm for me And hold me yet a tenant at will. Though the brooding darkness wakes with sighs And the step on the stair comes nightly still, I fear no ill of the viewless soul That, troubled, visits the patient gloom ; And only a prayer of pity greets The restless ghost of this haunted room. I should something lose did it come not there, This sighing shade — the step on the stair ! « Retorting Machine. — Among apparatus which may be called literary aids— writing, calculating, and other machines — seen at the Paris Exhibition, was one which attracted much attention, and whioh has not yet been introduced into this country. It is known as " La Machine Stfinographique Miohela," the name of its inventor. The claims made respecting it are very broad. In the first place, it is declared that after a fortnight's practice, any person of ordinary ability can take down in shorthand ohar- aoters any speech, however rapidly delivered. It is a small instrument, piano-like in form, with twenty- two keys, white and black, and the stenographic characters are small and impressed on slips of paper. Signor Miohela claims to have classi fied all the sounds which the human I organs of speech are capable of produw»f» 