"" _.i.;uWMKLIFJt E..-.., u. (FROM OHB OWN GOBRESRONDENT. ) x .i h. vc .. January 3. > There hu been an atoblufo Tduarth of news, and nothing of any foment to > write about No sports, ho' rmofog, nc nothfog... Two cricket matohes, at > esoh of whioh our olnb was ignominiqnaiy defeated, one or two pic-uioa dunog the Amaa week, is ail there ia to apeak about. Thetaoeoooru Is not ntiliaed.. now for the .parpoaeifor which tt was re— served, the raoe committee seem frightened to faoe those ? 'little : abounnta " -yet' standing: against them, iAud all attempts at fun or amnaement.Memed banisb'ed. Apooeeqdeooa of all this ja'thst por cotjfrercs at Xfoke Bolaa! h»vet$ien'adyantage uf our apathy, jAd' have qtiAy drawn all tiie wiudvviiiohkt one time tawd torbear us onward to mapy ' a" inc. foeaa. 'It was',' I believe, this ihtentiocdf the , insmbers of the Band of Hops'to i va' a per-" formanoa on Buxing rughti (bpt-'owihg .to'tifo defection one of the playera ahortly bcfore rtbe time ihehtimied j"thu was allowed to Tall ' through: Hake Birlao, oh New Year's dompetaaated Tor the Want of Amnnment in other portiorie of tibe!dhioct. and Was a hot in itaelf. Tbe programme it bfferod to a plea- Bare-Beeking pablsa. waa.- bpth. varied fond eUborato, the cenal Caledonian eporta being aupplemehted thia y esr by the atteridauca on. ihegfonndbf theLakoBolao .fifo ahd dram baiiidiniihfform: which, under theeadarsUp qf Mr. W. B. i'V'mJe, exeohted tome plMpibg' htunbersin capital atyle. "Tha-mwBessionio ' the gtonhd was also a kreWt new xeature, and Ihe' foareh:!tiiDhih':>qmi:;9raahdndBda'; .The khtriealor eaph eveht .were Jsi'Wiah Tn praredfog'y&r;':ah3:i'KiB "fatiag wia 'rii - goifo6 trimexa-jSie AmiMfing'Sfoni tifoifoly oohteht-- 'The bueroin" duty of hahdicapiqg . waa performed almost witiionF aoor: iand . thnnEbme' titue'lvere whoiimhd iault, ' experience, there was no serioas cavil, Oo the whole, it must ta classed as a m«(t aao- peasfnl meeting- both pecuniary and other wise, and. the -decisions of- Mr. -Hapriott, of Wickliffe 'whohaj' tindlyaboepted the very responsible office ofjedge, were not once called: in qnestipq. . Aa there were 2L eyenta on the Card, "it was not till 7 o'clock that the "TUti! fog at the Ring'' waa completed. .There was to have been a balloon asoent and a grand display pf .firework therefrom, , but it was thought advisable, ' owing to the condition of the graas and, the numerous hay-rioks in, tiie immediate vioinlty, to defer , thia part. to some , more , ponvtafont opporluuity, .. -A performance in aid of the band was given, inr the large store - belonging to .the Mesare.j Yeale, aud was certainly the most complete,; of- anything that has been presented in this quarter. The dresses and appoiotmenta were.- find, the sceneiy, painted by Mr. R. Pit- ethley was first-class, and inflected great credit on that artist, and I em somewhat, surprised that more prominence waa not given to his efforts. A special call was oertafoly- his due,' and I believe he' Was ohly forgotteh in the general; excellence bfthe.piecea pliyed. " Villikina sad his Dioah," with Mr. Stewart its the hero, Mr. G. Veale as the Baron, Mr. Hobbs as Gruffio, and last, though not least, Mr. Henry Goldiag, jun., aa pin ah,, went from first to . last without, a, hitch;- showing that it iixd been' well and" carefully rehearsed. The ghost soeoe in tbe second act waa a great effort; aided aa it waa by magnesium light efleota, which surtled every one by its novelty. The wsy this pieca wasput upon theatage wouldhe credit-, able even to larger theatres, and elder'hands'1 at the buBineas. The Ethi;pian faroe. the., ".Virginian Mammy;" brought the " per-, formence to a conclusion j and euceeeded in keeping the audienoe well amneed throngh- ont. Every cbaracter-iu ifaie -waa rably sua- — — i v— a j smll \jfa \jk/ 1? ttaala aijhmj.« j a j aaa® faifl Beoood eatracce io making a profound leositiOD m the "Pfiraizn 4o thfs Mr. H. Ootdtog, jao., znetaioed tbe pzrtof O'fifilly; Bit. Gflorga Veale, zn ani«t j Mr.' 8t«v«ri, 1 doctor ; Oioger Blae, Mr. flobbs1; hile Miss Be»«y Galdiog rb tbe ward, and Miw Bell, OB /Locy, performed ip. a.aizDper whiobi was coodpcrae to tbe eaccess of die piece. It was ft ttiog iitheflo'g in of the New Veer, concord and j oiliiy pervadiog every thing, and as mob will be Idog remembered. I bear that the same troupe ioteod present ing OBe of Barosud'e eztrevagaaeae eboat Easter, and I km sore from the very favour able comment that hare been £aMed op their late efforts, they have ooly to aooonooe the faot to be ftuoral of a hamper house. 