SPORTING H0TES. Br "The Wizard." i It is seldom that Mr. Cox has been I favoured with such pleasant weather as that I of Saturday last for his monthly race-meet- | ing at Kensington Park ; and as there were j no less than seven interesting events on the j I programme, one was quite justified in j I believing that the attendance would be I I worthy of the occasion. Strange to say, I however, it was somewhat the other way ; | I and promising though the prospects of sport j appeared to be, it wa3 very uninteresting, as j the first favourites in every instance save J one came in first, and each event was vir- I tually all over when the flag was dropped. I The afternoon was, a truly disastrous one for I the fielders, and I am credibly informed 1 that the " books" dropped between L2,000 J and L3,000 between them, which goes to prove that sometimes bookmaking is not j such a rosy game as it is painted. Fritz was I immediately selected as a moral for the Han- I dicap Hurdle Race ; and though there were 1 no less than twelve starters, as short a price I as 2 to 1, and even 6 to 4, was accepted j i about him, nothing else being hacked. I Griffin took the favourite to the front when the flag fell, and, determined not to give his j opponents the ghost of a chance, made the pace so hot that he was never approached 1 from the start, and fairly cantered in. Bel- lona and Merino, who were equally as hot favourites for the Pony Race and Selling Race as Fritz was for the "Hurdle," fol lowed his example ; nor did the fielders fare any better in the next event, as Flora, who was the only one backed for any money in the Trot, fairly ran away with the race ; and this brought on the Steeplechase, which was thought to be a match between Intrepid and Monarch, two well-known cross-country per formers. Public opinion again proved cor rect, as the pair ran first and second ; and after his running in Sydney, nothing would go down for the May Handicap hut Exile, albeit a little money was invested on Ac tivity. The race, however, was hardly ever in doubt, as Exile led nearly all the way ; but had the distance been a little further, Lexicon and Bar One, who were coming very fast at the finish, might have troubled him. The " hob- tailed". Butcher Boy easily defeated Sibyl in the Pony Mutch, much to the surprise of the friends of the latter ; and thus the after noon's sport was brought to a conclusion. The special attention of owners of horses | is called to the fact that entries for the ' Bendigo Jockey Club Steeplechase Meeting, | to take place on Wednesday, the 11th June, are to close at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, the 20th inst., with the hon. secretary (Mr. W. P. Neal) only, at the Royal hotel, Sandhurst. Entry forms can be obtained in Melbourne, either from Mr. G. Vowles, Kirk's Bazaar, or W. P. Bowes, the well-known proprietor of the Australian hotel, Bourke street west. The events for which nominations have to be i made are the Handicap Hurdle Race of L75, | Telegraph Stakes of L50, Steeplechase of L100, Time Handicap Trot of L40, and Selling Flat Race of L40. Owners of horses must not forget that it was with great diffi culty the Railway Department was persuaded to grant the concession of conveying race horses the double journey for a single fare ; and as the coming Bendigo meeting is one of the most important that will be held since the new rule came into force, it is to be hoped that the number of entries made will show that owners appreciate the liberal manner in which they have been met by the railway I authorities. I The acceptances for the three principal I handicaps to be decided at the Great Western I Steeplechase Meeting at Coleraine on Satur- j day, the 24fch May, were published in the 1 early part of the week, and I must congratu- I late the stewards, who acted as handicappers, I upon the success of their efforts. Of twelve I nominated for the Handicap Hurdle Race, j eleven have paid up, ten out of fifteen for the j Coleraine Handicap, and seven out' of eight j for the Steeplechase. This proves beyond I the shadow of a doubt that thejhandicappers I succeeded in pleasing the great bulk of the owners, and there is thus every prospect of the meeting being a great success. Nomina.- tions for the Maiden Plate of L25 will close on the 23rd May, the night before the races. In answer to a correspondent, who writes to know when bookmaking first became an in stitution m connection with the turf, I gather j from an old English sporting magazine that j previous to 1803 owners of horses chiefly bet | amongst themselves, but then "a hew era j began to dawn upon the English racing world in the persons of a few adventurers ! yclept bookmakers, or by some denominated ' round betters,' and these by degrees formed themselves into what is now called ' The Ring.' The first to commence operations in that way were — Jerry Cloves (an ostler), the two Blands — J pe and Jem, Old Myers (an ex-butler), Richard (the old Leicester stockinger), Mat Milton, and a few others, with Crutch Robinson and old Tommy Swan at . their head. These gentry were shortly afterwards multiplied by the accession of Crickford, Gully, Bob Steward, Highton, Holliday, and Justice, and tins band kept increasing and augmenting until its name | hap become legion. Of the first half-dozen above enumerated, one or two were unable to write their own names, and three out of the lot could neither read nor write ; and yet every man- Jack of them amassed a con siderable fortune and died rich." t did not intend to refer any further to the article entitled "The Demoralising Tendencies of Handicaps," which appeared in a con temporary, but a correspondent draws my attention to the foot that the paper which now condemns the system fought tooth and nail in favour of handicaps, as against weight- fbr-age races, when the V.R.C. re-in troduced the Champion. Rates, the first of which was won by Richmond. ' In the course of the controversy, oar contemporary said ; — "|Handicap8 m&y; be had, wri rogues n»y conspire together to make them mediums for fraud and robbery, but that is no fault of handicaps." Also : "With good handicaps and vigilant, determined stewards, roguery can be so kept in check that handicaps may become what they really are — the most inte resting of turf problems, and the most sport- providing items on the programme." Strenuous but ineffectual efforts were also made to induce the club to add Ll,000 to the Melbourne Cup, and now, after the lapse of a few years, we are treated from the same source to a homily, the text of which is "The Demoralising Tendencies of Handi caps 1" A Sydney correspondent writes to say that Mr. C. J. Roberts, the popular mayor of Sydney, has written to Mr. T. C. Clibborn, the secretary of the Australian Jockey Club, and intimated his intention to present the club with a gold cup of the value of L100, to be decided at Randwick shortly after the | opening of the New South Wales Inter national Exhibition. A meeting of the com mittee was held on Thursday to consider the subject, and it was ultimately decided to hold a day's racing in the middle of Septem ber, and that the Mayor's Cup should be the principal event of the day. Old Sydney racing men cannot yet have forgotten the memorable race for Mr. Woods's Mayor's Cup in 1S65, when Mr. Tait's Volunteer, carrying 9st, beat his old rival, Tarragon (lOst 51b), by ahead, after a desperate race, ' Judge Cheeke's Sir Patrick, who subse quently won the Ballarat Cup (Sst), being third, and such celebrities as Talleyrand, O.K., Birmingham (who afterwards went to China), and others behind them, in the then fast time for two miles of 3min. 46sec, Mr. Lackey, I think, was then the A.J.C. handi- capper ; and after Tarragon (lOst) had beaten Volunteer (9st 71b) in the Sydney Handicap, J he gave them lOst 51b and 9st 51b re- I spectively in the Forced Handicap, one mile J and . a .quarter. Ten started, including I Angler (6st 51b), . and .the excitement was I something intense, the late Mr. W, Town (who always maintained that Tarragon would 1 have won the Mayor's Cup had he not been j interfered with by Canobie) backing his horse 1 at even money against the field, and another I desperate race between him and Volunteer j ensued, Tarragon winning on the post by a I short head. Tarragon was seldom brought to J the post in tip-top condition, and it is, there- I fore, hard to say how good he really was ; j but I am certain few better horses have ever j appeared on the Australian turf, and I hope I Mr. Roberts's liberality will be rewarded by I witnessing another desperate finish like the lone referred to between old "Vol." and Tarragon. The Australian Jockey Club have an nounced the conditions of the Metropolitan Stakes and Maiden Plate, to be decided in September next ; and as there will also be a special day's racing in comemoration of the i International Exhibition, both events will, I no doubt, be well supported by Victorian j Owners of horses. The committee of the Australian Jockey Club, before the spring meeting comes round, intend to widen the running ground some 40ffc. or 50ft. from the two-mile post at the back of the course to the starting place for the Champagne Stakes — an innovation that .will meet with the approval of all who have noticed that the coarse is somewhat too narrow for the numerous fields that come to the post for the two-mile races and Cham pagne Stakes, j The acceptances for the handicaps, anc! I general entries for the other events to be de- I cided at the Queen's Birthday meeting, on I the Old Adelaide course, on the 26th, 27th, j and 2Sth inst., were published in Melbourne I on Wednesday ; and judging from the num- I ber of horses that still remain in for the I principal events, there is every prospect of I the meeting being a great success. On Tues- I day, Bosworth and Richmond did a real good I gallop at Flemington, and Mr. Jellett has I determined to take them both over ; and by I the time this is read, in company with Mr. I Fleming's Exile, they will have arrived I at their destination by the well- known I steamship Victorian. Mr. Jellett had in- I tended to take The Hook over also ; but as I he could not obtain a box for him, he had to I leave him behind. As both Bosworth and I Richmond are in fine buckle, Mr. Jellett I will more than pay his expenses with them. I Whilst Bosworth was being shipped on Tues- I day, he slipped and fell, but, fortunately, he I did not receive any injuries. This is another 1 instance that backers should refrain from 1 investing on- horses until they have arrived safely at their destination. Through ;the medium of the telegraph wires last week, we were informed that on the second day of the Clare (S.A.) races, Beauchamp, the jockey, and the steeple chase Selector, were disqualified for six months, it being alleged that the horse was pulled in the Steeplechase. As the horse is very well known in this colony, the follow ing from a local contemporary will be read with interest : — "There was great indigna tion at the manner in which Selector was ridden, and Mr. A. S. Murray was the first to openly say that the race had been sold, and to accuse Beauchamp of pulling Selector, saying the horse had been held from the start to the finish. Beauchamp at first denied the accusation, but it was pointed out that his spurs had never been used, and that the horse was hard held in view of everybody. Beauchamp then said he made a mistake in the course, and that he could have beaten Lightfoot easily if he had let Selector go, but he thought he had to take the double once more and go round | again. Mr. J. W. Gleeson demanded an in- j quiry, and the stewards met and took evi- ! dence. Beauchamp repeated his statement | that he thought he had to go round again, and pulled the horse in. Mr. C. M. Bagot said he gave clear instructions to all the jockeys, and Mr. Aiken, Selector's owner, heard him. Aiken and Beauchamp made special inquiries as to the course. Mr. Bagot was of opinion that Beauchamp knew the course well. JohQ Goode, the rider of Light- foot, said he clearly understood the course frOm Mr. Bagofc's instructions. John Pat- terson, the rider of 'Little Darkie, corrobo rated. Breen and King also understood the instructions clearly, and thought Beauchamp knew he was to take the fences three tin, and finish the fourth time past the stand. Oliver Aiken said he told Beauchampto go to the coipgei ftad wanted te win« He ad<< mitted that he said previous to the race that le might scratch the horse and not let him go at all, if he could not get more money on. The decision of the stewards was, that Beau champ, the jockey, and the horse Selector, should be disqualified from riding or running on any course for six months. Messrs. Tot- hill and Jordan gave Beauchamp a good cha racter for his previous jockeyship. This was 1;he first charge made against him. Public feeling was very strong over the affair, and Aiken, the owner, came in for some uncom- >limentary remarks, but he said he had lost -<300 by the horse not winning." Another curious affair took place on the 2nd May, at Kapunda, according to the Kapunda Herald, which says : — " A match for L20 a-side was run on the Morgan racecourse, between Mr. W. Player's Gunn and Mr. O. Aikin's Elec tric, twolmiles and a half, lOst up. Elec tric won, but there was so much dissatisfac tion expressed by the backers of Gunn at the way in which he was ridden by a jockey named Hugo — many openly charging the jockey with selling the race — that another match was made for L10 a-side for two miles. This time Finlay rode Gunn, and we are in formed Player's horse won easily. The race being run within half an hour of the first one with such a different result, so enraged the onlookers, especially those who had lost money on Gunn in the first race (and we un derstand a considerable amount changed hands), that they mobbed Hugo, and if it had not been for the interference of the police he would have been very roughly handled ; as it was, he had to keep out of sight till Satur day afternoon's train, when he left. From what we hear we should not advise either him or Mr. Aiken to make their appearance at the next meeting of the North-West Bend Jockey Club. We understand that a full report of the occurrence is to be sent to the S. A. Jockey Club." In connection with the late Western Racing Club Steeplechase Meeting, which took place at Hamilton on the 9th May, I am sorry to hear that the club lost nearly L100 by the meeting. The trustees, who have made themselves responsible for the large liabilities incurred on behalf of the club, are beginning to feel that their position is both onerous and unsatisfactory, and a meeting of the members will beheld shortly, in order to see if something cannot be de vised to place the affairs of the club on a more satisfactory footing. A mile-and-a-half match for L25 a-side, between the well-known hurdleracer Devlin and the grey horse Chevalier, took place at Hamilton on Saturday last, when Devlin won rather easily. 5 The New York Herald of the 31st March says : — " If the probabilities are fulfilled, as they seem in a fair way to be, Jerome Park will next fall be the scene of the most ex citing international race America has known. The famous English colt Peter, who was dis qualified for all his engagements by the death of his owner, General Peel, and who has never been beaten but once, and against whem no English turf man would care to wager, except with enormous odds in his favour, is expected to come over and run a mile and a half against Keene's Spendthrift, who has never been beaten at all. Both horses are under the management of men who mean business ; and unless some pre vious accident to either animal prevents the race, it is sure to be run." An alteration has been made in the condi tions of the Melbourne Cup, the weights for which will now appear on the 25th June, instead of the 11th, and the acceptances are now due on the lltk of August, iustead of the 6th. Owners will also observe that all entries made for the coming V.R.C. races will be run under the proposed weight-for age scale, if adopted at the next annual meeting of the club. : The committee of the Adelaide Queen's Birthday races have investigated the circumstances connected with the dis qualification of Beauchamp and Selector at the late Clare races, and on Thursday de cided to endorse the action taken by the stewards of that meeting. Selector is thus disqualified for the Steeplechase and other events at the Queen's Birthday meeting. The well-known horse Cowarie has been scratched for all his engagements at that meeting, and on Wednesday Mr. Pile's Vain Hope broke his leg. The conditions of the handicaps to be de cided at Avoca on the 26th and 27th June appear this week, and are precisely the same as last year. They are the Turf Ciub Handi- cap cf L50, Trotting Race of L30, Telegraph Stakes of L50, Handicap Hurdle Race of L75, Town Plate Handicap of L50, and the Flying Handicap of L50, which events are worthy of every support from owners of horses. The entries are to close on the 9th J une, and Melbourne owners can nominate with Mr. G. Vowles, at Kirk's Bazaar. The weights for the handicaps to be de cided at the Queen's Birthday meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club were posted yester day afternoon, but were not favourably re ceived by some owners. Tom Kirk and Dollar were scratched at 2.45 p.m. yesterday for the Handicap Flat Race and Queen's Birthday Stakes. The Dubbo annual races took place on Friday and Saturday last. Brilliant won the Maiden Plate on the first day, with JacO second, and Heroine third. There were eight starters for the Opening " Handicap, wpich fell to Mr. Ivory's liberator, Kilmany second, and Glad Tidings third. The starters for the Dubbo Jockey Club Handicap were — Beadsman, Sst 21b ; Mabel, Gst 101b; Chieftain, 7st 21b ; Colima, 7st 71b ; and Hetman Platoff, Gst 71b. Colima wamade .a very hot favourite, but she was never in the race. Chieftain led for three-quarters of a mile, when Beadsman and Mabel came up, and, after a rattling race, Beadsman won. Mr. Ivory had another throw-in for the Shorts, as Liberator beat Camilla by a head, Ghinni Ghinni being third ; but the general opinion was that Liberator owed his victory to the clever riding of Pigott. On the second day the attendance was much larger, the weather really enjoyable, mid the . of a first-class character. Brilliant wontoe Sapling Stakes, three-quarters of a imiev very easily, with Baronet second, aad Lady .> Lake third, the dktanoe bmjl prince - 22sec. ; and LouisterapprJe , i x of Wales Sles, <dosy fofiodbyf and Glad Kdi W » 4 theday was the MacquariePlate, one mile, anda half, for which the unlucky Colipia, Beadsman, Liberator, Chieftain, and Camilla started, of whom Beadsman, on the strength othis victory on the previous day, was made a very hot favourite. It was a great race throughout, and Colima won on the post in 2min.43sec. Ghinni Ghinni won the flying Handicap, Kilmany . second, and Brilliant third and Bay Middleton won the Ladies' Purse for Mr. Ivory, Chieftain second, and Harkaway third. The Forced Handicap terminated the proceedings, and the placed horses for this were Mabel, Jaco, and Camilla. From Hew Zealand I learn that Sir Her cules Robinson expressed his wish to become ; a patron of the Dunedin Jockey Club, and big Excellency's name lias accordingly been placed at the bead of the list of members. I regret, however, to hear that Sir Hercules has expressed his intention not to race any horses in New Zealand, so that the New Zealanders will not have the gratification of seeing the Zetland spots figuring on the course, unless his Excellency should be pre vailed on to change bis mind. Mr. Segfreid Franck, the proprietor of the now notorious "tofcalisator," was brought before the Sydney Water Police Court on Friday last, nponacbarge " that he did on the Randwick racecourse — a place open to the pnblic, and used for public purposes — keep an office for the purpose of money being re ceived by or on his behalf, as or for the con sideration for an undertaking or promise to pay thereafter certain money on an event refitting to a horse-race, thereby then and there causing a common nuisance. " It has been said in Melbourne that it is impossible for any fraud to be perpetrated in connection with the machine, but the evidence of the prosecutor, Senior-sergeant Larkin, will throw some light upon this matter. In hit cross-examination he said : — " The machine ne saw was worked by defendant. Fraud could be perpetrated by it. The owner, it might be supposed, held the key of it when stop' is put on. (The machine at this point was before their Worships.) Each person paia JLI, and there was L31 m the pool. No. 5, a horse, was only backed once ; No. 5 won the race. The owner, if he chose to be dishonest, could take the 'stop' off, and, while the backers were away, advance No. 5, say, 1, when the pool would indicate L32. The 'stop ' would then be put on, the horses would be in, and the backers would go to the office for their money. There they would find that No. 5 was backed twice, although, j in point of fact, it was backed only once. The genuine backer would get only half the pool then, although legitimately entitled to the whole. The owner, by fraudulently pushing No. 5 on 1, and putting in Ll, could claim his half share of the pool. In that I way, depositors might, in his opinion, be de- I frauded. The person (probably the owner I Df the machine) who held the key could per- I pitrate a fraud. The public generally left 1 the office to see the races, and no persons, ex- 1 pept defendant and his assistants, were left in I it. The changes in the indication could be I formed during the running of the races. No 1 person would have an interest in changing the | Ugures unless the race wasa certainty or won. " I At the examination, on Friday, the magis- I trates, Messrs. W. G. Brown and Jeanneret, | reserved their decision until Monday, and as I they then differed in opinion, Mr. Jeanneret committed the defendant to take his trial at tile next Court of Quarter Sessions. Bail was allowed, the defendant himself in the sum of L20, and one surety in L20. The little betting transacted in Melbourne on tiie Adelaide Gup shows that Levant and Richmond are equal favourites, at about 5 to 1 each. 7 fo. l is offered against Mountaineer, and S and 10 to 1 can be ob tained about" any of the others, 