The Dillon Dramatic OnnpgOF TH* Dillon Dramatio Company 4%Tp been delighting numerous audien&s; igjpitly at t!y» Pall during the weelf. Bi«h«l!en, thp play dio8«»>for th^jjp$enm|j* night, was followed oa Tuesday evening by Shakespeare's great tragedy, " Hamlet, Prince of Dcnmark.'V-Tlio play is admitted to be one of Slc-k»»p«u*'s -tnastuipieceg. TWth'the plot, melancholy ilmoflt to its .do-; tafls.VrSny of our r»dei» & dtfulILlia ioqt, versant. The scene is laid in Don.-a time when the kingdom was «^-«reat j>ol«r_. and the King bad proved himself a good and faithful ruler. Suddenly the King is cut off, leaving behind him a widow ,wh<>' feigns genuine aid bitter regret, and a son worthy of his sire. Tho widow seeks consolation in marriage with her dead husband's brother, but the son refuses to be consoled. His father's ghost appears eventually and informs him that he was murdered in his sleep, his (the King's) brother being the murderer, and the Queen being an accessory.. flainlet Bwears to be avenged, and in his desire to fulfil his oath forgets for the time being his poBsiflj) for tho beautiful .Ophelia,. Bister to. Laertes, and daughter of Old Polonius (the Lord Chamberlain). Ophelikheaitbtoken at the seeming faithlessness of her lover, mourn ing continually, at leiffth becopjoe demented and eventually BeekCfrcetom from her grief ' in suicide by drowning. A play is given at the Court of Denmark, and the acton, at the instigation of Hamlet, reboarte the circuni. stances of his. father's j jJen.Ua j the guilty usurper of his victims throbe, unable to hide his guilt, quits the rootn abruptly. Thirst ing in turn for revenge, tho King seeks Hamlet's life, which Laertes takes in a com bat arranged by the King-not, htwever, be- , fore the latter has received his death wound from Hamlet's dagger. The Queen (jesfrom drinking a poisoned draught prepaid for Hamlet. Ur, Dillon, of course, sustaintd the character of Hamlet, and proved . by his finished acting that he had a very comet idea of the great dramatist's hero, and *not only this but that he also knew how to cop. vey those ideas to his audience. Hamlet is a character concerning whom many of bis ad mirers differ widoly, and we therefore think Sir. Dillon has every' reason to feel tighly proud of the success of his efforts to. .render the parteorrectly, and to the- satisfactibn of his audience. Mis* BendaiV ©pfcelia was beyond all question the jnost^finjahod piece of acting that has ever been placed before a Warwick audience. In the fourth Aot, where she appeared "fantastic&lW;' drnsed with straws and flowers,'' as tbe" demented maiden who had loved, "not/vnaely tout too well," tier realisation .of the fehk&uer; ana almost poin-. fulljK perfect, moving to tears many of - the ladies present, and evoking peal upon petal of applause from the audiences tit is simply impossible to speak too highly of Miss Pen der's acting in the more difficult' soeoea-she seemed to feel every emotion she endeavored to pout- tray, and interpreted her part with wonderful correctness' even' to its, details.. Prominent among thd- other parts, "we may mention Ur. Ellis', Qravcdigger-, the .charac ter cannot be termed, i Jeadin# xm^Tbut !iu. requires oacpfulaictiog, and tfiU it, r^ceiyoij iffem Ur. Bills, who was'deservedly comjK* mented by the'attdi*»ice t Hief 'eharaffteP of Poloniun (Mr. Ellis) was also very:credit able. Ur. HeBford, in the triple characters of Lturla, MarceUu>, and Firtt Actor,. made the most of characters^ that contain very lit tle to amuse or interest the majority of the average provincial audience. The care with which Mr. Heeford performs his parts, and his faithful interpretation of ?ne and All, stomp him as an actor far above the average we have been accustomed to. Mr. Patterson, as Horatio, and Ur. Mortyne, as Ififlr ClaH divr, we:o both very successful in tlioir res' pective parts, the latter particul«rly'feo in the scene where the players re^'arsc the partial Iut-8 of his Cri«e>J«ps Fannj- Bwwv tt» Queen Qerfrude, wnrfatrly successful, though hardly tip to the standard in one or tw9 im portant resperts. The enterttunnlchC was .most enjoyable, «&d; g&Ve;' genomic satisfac tion. _ . . -. Buiwer Lytfrm's Tpolar:. playj ,* <f9ho Lady of Jiyons," forificutlib Ifraatng feature of WefltfcBdiy evening*!) entertainment. Mr. = Dillon's Claude Melnotte was not as success ful ns the pi-evioUB characters he had Ap peared in. Miss Ponder was quite at home as the Beauty of Lyon^ and thoroughly sus tained her reputation as a most accomplished actress. One of the liest characters of the evening was Mr. Hesford's Colonel Damns, which was played to perfection, and well de served the hearty applause with which it was honored. Mr. Pattewpu jnadp a jnost, arous ing Olavi»t attd Mr.MoVtyne was very correct in fain interpretation of the rejected suitor. Beau scant. Mr. Ellis as M. DeichapelUs, discharged his parentaldflties'Capitnlly. Miss Nelson made an amusing money-hunting mother, and Miss Rogers, as the Widow Melnotte, was as successful AS so demure a character, could well «$ect to be. The en tertainment concluded^' with an intensely diimslng farce entitled " Creatures; &f; Im pulse/' which had a deeded effect ia setfding the audience Home *i* good, humor. "' On Thursday evening- ojpera'tic drama, " Maritana" -was (pro^,^d .before a rather limited, but appreciative audience. The plot, wnicli, as is well known to most of our readers, is laid in Spain, is well calcula> ted to bring out the extremes of court .in trigue so prevalent in that counto^. As J)oh Catar Mr. Dillon seems the perfect ombodi ment of the traditionpL Hiaalgo; his caie»» debts, and approaching, death* seem to trouble him Usb than the ruffling of .his lace cuffs. Indeed throughout the whole piece the actor betrays « masterly conception df the position. In the stenes where he parts with his faithful page, wherp. he meets the King with his supposed widow, and finally on his assumption of the Boyal title, to the disQbm- ! fiture of the true King.liis acting is a master {»ece. Miss Pender, _v$\ Maritana, is ezoel ent, and is well supported by Miss Fanny I Eo^«»rs, the faithful page, whose sweet, if I not powerful* voice.contributes much to the j enjoyment of the play* Mr. Patterson's make up as the old Jfsrguic de Rotondo was really good, and even the - actoooplished . Montana was unable to keep her countenance when confronting hie comical old face. Miss Amy Nelson did effective service to the piece in. her character as the Marqvesa. The night's performance closed ivith the farce of " The Two Gregories/'- which, though short, was well sustained, and not the less amusing. Last night "East Lynne" was placed on the boards as a grand complimentary benefit to Miss Pender. The entertainment was S'ven under the patronage of the Mayor, J. 'Keachie, Esq., Captain Woodcock, and the offioers and members of H Company Queens land Volunteers. There was a capital at tendance of public in addition to those who had vouchsafed their names as distinguished patrons. Mr. W. C. Dillon took the. part of Archibald Carlyle, and it need hardly be said that he rendered hiB part with all the pathos and rigor which is desired in one assuming the supposed Archibald. Biit Miss Pender's Personation in the dual character ot Lady tabel and Madame Vine' was perfection. In short, anyone who has visited the Town Hall during the past week,, must have discerned in Miss Pender ah actress of no common training. With natural toe tee for the fctnge added to highly gifted capacities, and a true, { conception of the ohaioobers she undertakes, , Miss Puuder seems all that could be desired. The subordinate parts were well sustained, especially those by Mr* J. E. Ellis, the busi ness manager. We hear that the company, after performing King Richard III. at War wick to-night (Saturday), and Pygmalion and Galatea on Tuesday evening, leave for 'Stanthorpe en route for Sydney.^ We din only add that whoever may feel inclined to enjoy the legitimAto drama, can do so by going to hoar this well trained company. 