Wedded with her Mother's Ring. By the author of what can she do. CHAPTER XVIII. "THE BLACK WITCH OF THE HIGHLANDS." Vera's absence had not caused much anxiety to the inmates of the cabin, They were both so wrapped up in their own strange fancies that they could think of little else, and it was not unusual for her to return from hunting expeditions after nightfall. They were so preoccupied that neither of them noticed that the light fowling-piece was in its accustomed place. Throughout the entire day, Gula imagined she had been hearing voices, and even the winter's cold did not prevent her from leaving the door of her little kitchen open, that they might be more distinct. While busy in preparing as good a supper for Vera as a very meagre larder permit- ed, she would often go to the door, and listen in- tently, not for the footsteps of the young girl, but for the stange echoes that, in her disordered mind, came from her tropical home. And ill* was tbiM ilstwiiiie, when Vera '« cry rtaehadiier. ? .-In«r«at eiciletuont she said, ? 'Dare, daw, dat a voice sure. P'raps I'* j»wine homo to-night. Vte a-cooiinjr,' and alie hobbled dowatUe Rlen »? (utu her ace permitted, till fear fnt struck again* t the poor girl* uaconsciouB body. Stooping down; sbs felt the unexpected tjbstucle, and then' in n shrill scream, called, ' fcfat'r Brown, come quick! Hiuy Vera 'peare Uk«rtV#«tead.* .The father hastened to the spot, and between than thajr bore her into tho cabin. ?Is ^he deadP' asked the man, in a husky tthlsjMr. 'Duddo; allersbfcn atoHrd she'd rit home afore B*. Da 'irons: ntuff in diB bottle did her mudder Rood; 1'il tmta little in her lnouf,' and G -ln moivtcntd Vura'j Jipj with the remnnnt of the brandy, and was cnniforied by seeing the spas modic effort to swallow. 'She wttH n'uiogt home,' soliloquised Gula 5 '.and ifa «rlul craai in mo to bring her back ; but 1 couldn't let her i-o afore mo.' 'OGod ! if there bo s G'il! save my child !' triad th* f.ithar. in agony. .' Wuat have 1 become, to leave her so exposed ?' bud he bent over her In lemoral'ul terror. Slowly Vera revived to consciousness, and was ?t lntt ab!» to'glts them *. ?mile of recognition. ? Whero have you be*n P What, has happened ?' ?Ukad.feer father, iumprly. ' Sim i1iuiMJir«a.-»M-olc her bead; and Said faintly, * Sot now. I can't telj you r-ow.' At Uiila'* urrynt request, she took a little food ?ndioio* morifflfttiB brandy, ani then sank into a deep alwp, which lasted until the sun was shin itijT'into the caseiDHiit. On awajuug, *be found hrjr father watchiog her With the niost Jntehs* (ilixiety. In the hope of tfr&ttintfliiffl; froinhli morbid condition, she told hiin tie truth, and the last remnants of the man tM jxreiit Unified up in his soul. , His1 face became ashen in its hup. nnd apftin li« ?KclainiP'l it ?fioiiy, ?? Great God t what have I Iwconmf* ' Tteu no atlied his rifle, and started for the scent of Ver«'« peril, with the half-prated hope of finding her a«i-i*ilantn still there. After a timp lie Tsiurnta wun Y»r«'» lissiet, nna citnmancea rest less! f paoirurtbe cabin How, ujutterinfrcWep curws on the eaitilb who wew beyond the roach of bis TMfMDce. ..'Fjithhr,' *iMd Vt-ra pifeouely, ? »oh't you tal»« care of u«.» wutt't you fa your old wK an I re »»s»bur you tvhf n I wanalittlu nhildP It mav / t» Ioiir before I aid nble to gq out tt|4«.in, and I vught not to up nt »!).' ?I will, njf chiM. I will,' he replied. 'Would teOod I had n«v«r been bora 1' ♦O lather 1 be d brave man. Do as Mr. Snville «lib*)!. and nil -will yet be na\V .-'I williUV child; I will remove jou nad Gula t»* pl»C* of Uttfety, and then i'in the army.' ' ?* Act pow. father, act «t otiee.' ''t4lritl^»ixm.'- *'oif» fawdays he maflo desrwra'e pffortR tn tttfiw off {hi inciihus that war *ru«hlnp Iiortv mid Mlod« «6d #uppli«a the bAMisehbid -with aUundance ofjame.' Af«wn'll|iwday# Jjeiff^::^^:: yprn.v hCBithrui tmp\\* -l»Ue JWGttfftMl ftrtm';1« 'telHW'stfaih : tot ihj?re ttimftitipa in ber tyf b ? -n trnobieil, ftidhtensd «tt-rePBion. ll«rinin(! wns conewntlv fckrt'flpnlf^tft htC- Wfiy difl tnpv buff li-r t»-« »?*»«« wltett of ttn» Iti^iindd?' ftll-! y,\\*t m tbt/iinrtih by thi* ta'rto P ji yfttue »Bn«« of dnne^r OnbW^Ssd heh ftiid a fear lofaf thnir si-nlii'-ii,in Wk Wttijng Jf^oplB to 1ni«Biiie evil ooncemlnp: 1 *ht»Mr^{»B **« .nnt lone in nelijtf vorlfled. for ?print? W-l jwrcely 9J)oneVl. hij'fow nn offic*r with * (muaa of toen marched to thdr dnor one morn tof- . '? *J Wi»1i ^n we a man named Brown,' wne tho Brtfflptreijftefit. ? S«*vii-jt h.itoMiU for an ordeot tliat. vfw torrUvle, *»/»$V canieto the door, and said hmiRhtily, 1'* 1,'lWo1 ^!ft«f*d, sir, t/i inform you that you are (instiBfetea.,.©? dUlnjftlty to tb« Amnrican nnnse, f'-ot . nfiine in tli» #-pplny nf the enamy. As thore wMjpaeflnitp ' ebsrerex tMEt-inot ynu, and a* Mr. %WH^R6*-.Wi''i*''b your rBvonr, yon art not to ?«§j;H»jteo or- thif occasion; hut. vonr ufwnce |*jnolp%)*r denied ih tho vioinHv nf th* fnrts, Miq It to WU'S'tfld tliat. yon l»*ve this ration he fttr* th# taa^anajfrn np»ns. If nf«i-v two w«ek« yon {Uy^ntMLd'ijan «iMDO mn1i«fiwt«rv npcnnn* of youimU, you will bs arrested and put in conflne «M»J/ ?.'????. '. The tmified nmn omiM ?Mrrelvmtnin pufflftient «P*n{W*n-.r» to bow. in ailent Arquivppn c« : hut, JW the rtHlcpr was turninc away. Vi-rA nxclaimcd, 'Indeed, sit, we Are loyal. * You do my father lejiistiCft.*.- . , ??.??? ''Utbiu be prompt -n jiroWnir it.tlien,' wasthfl mtnnruhr.pe ; then qnm^ thn worn 0'' onmmand, * piEbV*V'ou| fapd ; march, i-Vidtni-y were trine. v£w» tnouolit tbtt «he runoffnimil amonc tlje ?olditrs the maliima.pt fare or the wretch who hart famowly fipcnpei ijrowtiinc in the recklnnc nur auit of her upfin th» ido. Bhn w«« rteht. A', first. th» ruffians had kept qii'et, fearine lest Vcra rt»p«ldT*fiar(: th*r conduct, and tlievbft tereroty 4«Uwitt.. But lb» man in question rowel ?»ene«ance. and was po besotted in his epotipm and dapravity as to fefll-that h» had «'v-d cause to BUnlsli one.Trho, in Meaning his b:utality, had in vMtftd bto -in mat )*ri\\. Hewaaone of ^aptnin Molly'* *AteIlities. and ?k* had jojmheeuilod form him the ntorr, hut em Ktllish^ j»d cbanued tomewliat to suit their in ter»stf. Tbp worst of villains do not like to pour trey tbemseltrat in their trun colours. 'JSbo is * witcb, indaae/ concluded tlie irate niffitn j ' for nary n on? that the -1ivi! didn't help could fear* wal kad rlrtt up ftrAi ch t r^ckp. But, tytne holy poker, 111 pay her off] for that droon ice she rut me.' ' ' ' Thtrtorv.of V«ra'# sealing the ptectnAne cnTead tjapiiMy AnJOnjr the igDOraot and sanoWtlttnus aambirs of tbe psrrisoD, orer whpm Sfolly ruled, smd bepnm9't-o»itlTB proof that the innocent iDiidw3.fi* welt asold Oula, was in close league witbtbtrSrUOofc : 'J»t u|*joor»r«a roast them out ?omeday,' €raf st proposal often made, and once or twice in AUKfer of btinjf carried out; for the discipline of lfc»ffortw*» pot ♦ahr severe, and the men were flft»Bpslftelt|«dtobeabient. am mmtr w*s rorewa enovgn 10 counsel pru 4»nee...Urry hM cautioned her that Saville whs tbi 'wjdivi! hitntelf' when angry, acd she re« ?Mttttttttl bl» thrtftt; Thniigh she hail not seeh or tiewdawftblpirpr him for a longtime, be might nturn. ~B4sid«i, Molly, although capable of any ?mcraat of wicked troiaip, bad too ranch humanity it- faoe its eonseiytenoes. Oho likett lecklessly1 to ?fcatter firabtwads oud arrow*, but did not enjoy mi*W W mo^ad* and aufferioff ; . thera wot womm cnoucli in her nature to shrink from thf d«W4iffwWlty«Bdtio1fnB(- which aba foresaw would occur, did tb« rindlctiva .Barney lead a JN*« of hi dr*d«bfriU against tbe cabio. £0 she tfMdtotatiify Wi rtraDB* by iuducibg him to mttW W Alotii *nit rBrown tws 2 Tory, «- w«t«J4»'«b« furriion,' This* ory tb. officers took tfbWwtopttrVid Barney whs asked for defitille ?Wf60f. ' fiift M6Ify bat) told Jtitri not to say any tbib; Witb certainty, bM* toabogud iu auspicious i ?o tt« «a»horJtiM eonulsdod that, «s there had been considerable doubt about the thah, they would eomMl hi««ith*rto join thetorvice.or to remove Ir^TtfliJnS wliere. if be ware «o inclined. h8 could be very nieful to the«nemy. Thus, the erit «ome(Hlinc^». wn1o'b.eT»n ihti dead wife had fore 5rMv-Vl'*T!'t'H worse dancer* threatened. As the afaoer dapatted w|(h bi* squad. Vera m**$W^f$W$Wl-*-- Of ftim,l ing Dim to follow at once, and enlist in tbe army. But itfter one glance, all hope died. It almost ap peared as if he were s-hriukinp and shrivelling away. He tottered back to his dusky, corner, as seemingly scarce able to walk. In a ti enabling whisper, be said, ' Vera. vre must fly .it ones.' ' FJy where?' she answered desperately. ' Are we bird*, that we can take wing in a moment, acd live without shelter ? 0 God ! is Thy mercy cleuu gone for erer ?' * There isu't any God,' said her father, with sudden and vindictive (Mission ; ' there is only a devil. Witness my wife's Riave yonder ; witness your unmerited suffering.; and, chief of all, wit ness myself. I dare nut' live— I dare not die. 1 have biit one Tile impulse, and that is to hide ; and hide I wilJ, where no Jiuinun eye shall sea me again. I kbow of a wild gorge iu these mountains that I believe untrodden by any foot save mitm. Before your mother died, 1 built a hut there for a refuge, if the worst cauie to thu worst. Last fall I repaired it, aud mi 'e it stronger. 2Vo 01.0 knows of its existence, for tins is the first that I have spoken of it. Come ; we will go at once. Vera sank iuto a cnuir, nnd sobbed as if her bear would break. Aihe saw' lier grief,, he relentedt somewhat, and said, ' Well, we wil' not no till to-ttiorrow. They gave us a little time.' ' K we are to bo, let us go at once,' stud Vern, despairingly. * But is there nu wuy out of tins darkness, no escape from this terrible isolation which is destroying us all? I fear I shall comad myself.' 'So,' said her father, with tlie gloom of the most hopeless fatalism iu his tout* and manner; ' there is no escape, and there is darkness all the way on for ever more. You are in the grip of tbe same awful destiny us myself. I am mad, and the worst of it is, I know that I am. I can see mj uuvd sell, and cau see iny lonuar aud nobltsr smU when I was wane, and all day and all ni?hi I eit and compare the two. I expect you will become like me, for I have been a cures to lnysoK and all bound to me. liut I will go where I can never see auother soul, uud the curse will die out with us. 1 But, father, have you no pity for me P' ' Pity ! I pity you from the Bottom of my heart. Don't I know that wu are; both in hell. I shall pity you for ever, but what ff.-vod will that Jo ?' 'Oh, hush!' said Vera, shuddering. 'Say no more .' , L'util late that night, sha prayed and questioned God as to her duty. Would it not be batter to ko to tbecomannilurof tti» garrison, and, throwing herself oa nis inircy, declara that her father wm uolonter responsible for bis actionH? And yet eattb tiius she had s m^lit to make her way alone out ico the world, she had beeu met by exoerieuces ttifttcasedhef womialy upturn to shrink with inexproi bie fear. ' Is then on!/ one true, kind maa in the world?' she fcrOihed in bitterness. A( last she oonMufled that her father, in hie present mood, would not remtin near t e dwell ings of other* ; nnd that, if she tried to compel him to do s*, tie would wander off by liicuself, and ]»rish ia the forest. She ulso saw the difficulty o'' accounting for his condition of mind, for, as be mid, lie waa both sane mid inBane. It would beeoineevideutto all that his gloom, fear, and re morse had their dark source in guilt of some kind, lie would not explain; she could not; and thus mystory ani her twin sister, suspicion, would ever follow them with pointing linpers, till even she might be glad to hide iu tbe depths of the mountains. \- She recalled her muther's words in regard to her Uher; 'You will lmv« to be his guardian and prjlector more truly than be yours. Be very tender and patient With him for my sake.' 'I wil) (jo with him to his mount -in gorge,' concluded she, 'although it is tUe same tiling as beine buried alive. JltySarille will never fiud me there, and I have, now, iu .sad truth, lost my only friend. ' Again a comforting and reassuring voice spoke in {the depths of her soul. 'Commit thy way unto the Lord; trust also in Him; and JIo shall bring it to pass.' There sprang up a suddeu hopefu'ness within her li-Hrt, thai God, in his own time mid way, would break aowu the barriers that lose between ine.m ana meir own kiihj; una tunt lJu -a-buld guide Seville to their liid.Jeu retreat. Au impres sion which soon' became 11 conviction, ibat it would be best and safest to leiive nil to Him, brought rest to her mind, and «he slept until her .father summoned her in the morning. After an early meal, they made up two pack age*, contftinine tools, beddinj?, soine food, and cookinq utsnsilf, and taking their gutio. 8'aued for the secluded hut, which, alter nil, wssuoteb distant as it w*h iiiHo«ei«wbie, and apart, from nil the inpuiitniu nmiIs h.diI rMtlic. 1 Vjvhs jh«ir.i»lan tospehd twoortlireedaie'in repairinjimi'l puttiug it in tlm b^st ciitidition iiossibl , lieloru reiiiuviug thither old Gul», and tbn household furniture. But in their Absence, the elements ol evil were at work, and pnor, pagan. Gula had anotlier exue rience With Christians, upon whcigA piofnno lips ?was continually the niimt- of th« God whom she had learned to associate with deads of fiendish. cruelty. ?? The ruffian, Barney, had accompanied the officer, and heard the order which would soon make the little cabin tenantless. But this did not satisfy his malignant spirit; and so, one afternoon, when heated with liquor, he proposed to a few kindred villains that they should go up and hurry the departure of the witches. By reason of their superstitious fears, the others were rather reluc- tant; but he stimulated them up to the reckless point by fiery potations from a stolen bottle of rum. They doubted Captain Molly's acquiescence in their action, and so did not inform her; but, on one pretext or another, obtained a brief leave of absence from their officers. It was late in the afternoon when they reached the vicinity of the cabin. They approached warily, for Brown had the reputation of being savage and dangerous. At last they made a rush for the two doors, having already experience of Vera's quickness in flight. But, to their surprise, not a soul was to be seen. They looked cautiously in every place where one could be concealed in the main room and kitchen, with their weapons ready, but there was no trace of their victims. Then Barney and two others of the most reckless of the gang went up the covered way to Vera's little room ; and beastly satyrs of Grecian myth in the grotto of a nymph, could not have appeared more hideous and devilish than these catiffs in that refuge of maidenly purity and beauty. Again, in after days, with a gratitude beyond words, Vera thanked God that she was absent. Her filial loyalty to her father had brought unspeakable reward. The ruffians were now convinced that the occu- pants of the cabin had fled, and with sacrilegious bands they destroyed, pillaged, and defaced, till their attention was diverted by a loud shout from one of their number who had ascended the ladder to peer into the little loft. Here he caught a glimpse of Gula, cowering in the remotest corner, and was now, in brutal glee, dragging her down to his companions, who, with oaths and imprecations, gathered around. The aged negress, speechless and paralysed with terror, was as limp and unresisting in their hands as if dead ; turning, as the only evidence of life, her wild, horror-dilated eyes from one to another of her persecutors, who were to her so many tor turiBBft Bde. 'Where is the other she-devil P where is the white witch of tbe HigbltindsP' demanded Barpey. 'Speak, or we'll make you swallow CdaU 6' fire.' '. : But Gulu's unearthly stare was his only answer. 'Tie her to the trees there, or the devil may carry ber off in sp:te o' u« ;' and they bustled the poor old creature out, and did his bidding, Gula making no resistance, and uttering not n sound. 'NOW take whit ye want, and thin set fire to that devil's nest o' witches,' continued Barney, who, bf common consent, was leader in the outrage. . . , , , Gulft'ieyes dilated with increasing terror, as she ?aw the cabin speedily wrapped iu d»ai-'S. Then the demons gathered round her, and Barney com menced, . 'Now, ye old block bao o' S*tan. tell me where tbe witch it a-hidin', or I'll roast the flesh off yer But Oula only turned upon him her horror stricken stare. He seized a firebrand, and held it scorchingly near her hand. She writhed, but would not apeak. ?Hare, boys, get some dhry sticks, and put 'etn around ber feet. Ye'll see how blue she'll burn-! ... ? Hold on, Baruey,' said the others ; ' don't let us go too far. Her looks' 'A haunt us all our days »*$; .*-? : . With Ioudcursesat their cowardice, the drunken wretch began to carry out uis fiendish cruelty him sell. Gula at last began to realize that elte might lie near to death, which to her mealft return to kin dred and rude regality in her lar-awny home, and sub tuddeuly broke the sileucu, thus far runic tuinud, by h weird, shrill cry of ecstasy. 'Ue voices, de voieos! 1'sb hear you plain, l'se a-comiu' now, tuie.' Thu riillians started back Aghast. ' What voices ?' demanded iiarnuy. A piercing shiiek from tbe hill west of thuin was the answer. Then the report of a rille raug out, tmd Barney fell dead at his victim's leet with u bullet thioiiijjU his heart. Hie comj-anions turned iu precipitate llight, but unotlier yelled with pain as t!ie contents of Vera'e ^uu miicucu tuuuj. Marking tlw couvso of vUuic Ui^ht with blood, they reached their boat bait dead from fright aud bruises, uud, ciossiutf to the garrison, told a' terrible story of Tory outrage. A strong party was sent over immediately to arrest Brown and tbe 'Tory horde' that wus declared to b« with him ; but nothing wan lound Gave the smoking eml;ors of the cabin, and lii» dead body of the rulrUn Barney, which was brought over to tbe isiimd and buried. From what lie saw, however, tbe officer iu ohnr^e oi tlm expedition suspeciet! that tbeit might, lie two sides to the story, us Barney aud his com panions were known to belou^ to that liuuiuu scum which id ways exists iu every army. Beyond some eil'ort made to discover wtietlier lirowu still frequented his 'Id haunts, uothing further was done, and the affair whs soon lorgotleu ia the ex citement of the opening campaign. CHAPTUR XIX. A CIRUK jfNUINK -lOVOUSLY. O lr story uow passes over tui interval of several months. The autumn winds of early September were agttiu projihe^yiug of winter among the Highlands; but only in plaintive suggestion, for summer yet mingled in their mild breath. As the sun was sinking low in the west, on a certain afternoon, u torm, that could scarcely tie recognised as that of Wra, were it not for the old wealth of gulden hair — hut uncovered now by tlie jaunty plumage of the snowy heron— uiinht have Uutsn seen stealing through the denies ol' ibo hills towards the river. A p&intul; timidity characterised her movements, aud she seemed to fear her own shadow. There were truces ol' suffering aud almost famine on bersuubuint lace, and in ber deep blue eyes an expression akin to that of some helpless animal that had been hunted almost to death. Her dress was in Utter*, and would not much longer coucwil her thin form. Instead of shoes, rudely constructed sandals of buckskin protected her feet. Hurlratue appeared shiuuken and guuie wbat feeble, and yet, as it' impelled ny a powerful nijtive, sliu made bar wuy rapidly, ultUousb furtively, along a path which no one save heisolt could i'uiiow. As she reached tbe vicinity of ber old home, her approach bucume more cautious nnd s'.ealtky. Slid flitted like some timid creature of the forest, troni cover to cover till aue could look out uuper cBive-1 ou the littlo glon made deal- by so mtiuy uiBuaories. The first object that her eyes dwelt on was the grave of her mother, nud she seemed to dread lent, among the sud changes occurring, it mi^ht ulao have disappeared. But the mound was uutram pled, und tins H^Wers she had jjlnnted near were frtill growing. As tho glen seumed us lonely as her own life, sh» ventured from the thicket -£h cue shude of tbe elm, where rose the grassy mouC_-. A visit to this grave had become the poor cmld's best earthly solace, and thu neaidst approach to comfortiug companionship withiu her reach. There was no one in her dreary home to whom she could speak of tlia sorrotts that were crushing out Uojjis aud life; but uero ahe could iiuagiue, at least, that her mother listened to ber as in the past. Becoming aatisned that she was alone in Llio sacred place, bar lurtive, apprelieueivu uiuuuur passed ttway, and tlie giwi herself wholly to tbe lender memories naturally inspired. Leaning hur head on the grave, us s'.ie hud upon her mothHr'D liosoui when ucbiid, she spoke 01 past scenes sn tones that would have touched ilie most cullouw. Her sentences were fragmentary, mere iudicet of passing thoughts. Fioui them it would seem tbat L«rJio[j« of meeting {juviliu ;ig:tiu bad Hourly perished, but her recollection ot Lis kindness were ol such a churucter as t-- Le iu liuttno .y with the ?sacrud memories cf bei1 mother. Atiasi, wiiu a weary sigu, sue saw, irom tne deijpemn^sliiniows iu tbe uleii, that tii^hl luuat be near. Jpbe claspe'l the cold tSAixli of thu liiouud in h close emb.-uca. She wad iuJeud orphaned aud al'-'ne, when the pr ssure ot her bedit ugaiuat w grasu-^iown gruve could give more comfort than »u;-lili.'lHe. tVliun about to rise, e'je heard footsteps, and she huutily dole into llie ibiukul lioin wliioh ^.lie bud first iesued, und w.iieh would diver her Ih^ht buck to ibtt hills- But though uliunst ininttiiLf with alarm— such bud become her weakness ut' miu'd aud body — a. t aim hope utayed h«r lleet Me].-8 till £hu oould obtain one glimpse of the mlruder. There waa something in tlie disuiut outline of tbi- tall form that was strangely [ami liar, liut, as the Ktiauger's rapid udvnuceieveuled bis lace, slie sank upon tne ground overwhelmed with her l'eel i ga. H wnp, indeed, the friend and brother whom ehe had mourned as lost, und ho was apparently us unchanged as ou tbe day she last saw him. Whs his presence actual, or wus it merely a vision of her overwrought aud morbid mind Y She ecuicely dared to move or brea he, mid feared lest vtie wild throbbing of ber heart would bieuk the illusion. Aud yet he was so real, he could not be a phan tom; bin step w;ib u-jt ghost-like, but struck ilitf ground llruily. Sow she etiw the expression of his lace— the perplexity, ihu alarm, the trouble, uad distress depicted there — as the desolation ut the gleii be came apparent, lie went to the atone step that bad led to tutt threshold i.f the cabin, :iud peered into the charred ruins, hb it lm dlen.'?ed uisnovei iag there traces ot its inmates. He next ascended Hurriedly to tlie place where Vera'e grotto-like apartment had beeii, but the scrutiny of the ashen gave no confirmation ot' tbe tear that apparently bad risen iu his mind. Ho took off bie hat, and passed bis baud across bis brow and eyes, us if all wure to him a vision which he would gladly dispel. He looked up and dowu the glen till his uyes rested on tlie elm under which was tlie grave, and he approached it rapidly, gs if hoping to lintl there something tSip.l would lead to the discovery ot those ho sought. 'She must be living,' he snid aloud, 'for here are the proofs ol her care 'and taste. Indeed, from tbe marks upon me gross, 1 should think that some one had been here to-day.' Again he looked up and down the plen, inthe hope of seeing something or Some one that could explain the mystery. Tbe pour girl, who was but a few feet away.-sstiiied under « straujje pavttlysis. She tried to speak, but, ub if dreaming iu very truth, though tier lips moved, tUuie W&b; no sound. But, as Saville sat down upon u rock, and, tak ing out his flute, commenced playing the suma dirge wliioh on e before had summoned ber to him, and kept bur heart from bieaking, the stony spell that bouud her was broken. Teartt rushed to her eyes. Hie Honor, the Chief Ju«tic6 of New Zealand, has appointed Mr. William Cope, of No. 179, Fitt-Btreet, Sydney, onllcitnr, n Cummiaaioner 'if the Supremo Cuurt of Kew Zealunii, fur taki-ii; affidavitb, acknow ledgment)!, &c;, in Naur South Wale;. A medicnl etndeut, named lirad.v, eioirnd at the Cerberus Hotel, Melhnume, ou Slinday morning (writes the Heiuld), rather suddenly. Deceased, with' his brother, left Dublin u short time eiucs for this colony. The brother, duriuv tlie voyage, coin mitled auicide by throwing himurff ovcrbaitrd. The firet appearance of ilcsurs Tfaorn, Darwin, and Burton, the real lloyal Illusionists, ia auuouueed tor Monday night, thu 17th ioBtunt, at the School of AtU. They cUttu to be tlie genuine exprnera of epiritualUm, and are a company that, j'ldgiug from, their teitimonUls, should b« capable ot doing good thing*. - - \- Two men, named Henry Wilion, an engineer, and Chu. fl. Floeenn, a jnckry, went, intu I he Syrioty Hotel, Mercer-»treet, Geelonp, on the nfiernuun of the 8th iuitaot, «Dd, after demanding drink, tliey picked a quarrul, so it ia sUled, wilh th» Inn dliird, add finally knocked him dowu iu bla otvu yard. Both men were afterwards Mie«t«d. A new article of 'mrter in iu deraand iu Ne-v Bri tain since the Kev. G. Brown's' e\ pedilinu,' muekels to wit Mr. BruWD writes of the New Hritalu trailers bb follows :— ' I am sorry indeed to hear that tlity ?re sellloK muakeu to the nhtives. They or their tan otsjors will repent thin in y«ar* to ciime, but ' aftttr nut. the delug*,' worn* tu ba the ohly prinuipul to be acted ODonsblonf m oopruhe i«uut.'T 