SCHOOL OF ARTS. At the School of Arts lust night Professor Pepper produced the optical illusions, "The Modern Metempsychosis," which may lie safely pronounced the most wonderful thing vet seen in Sydney. Those who mav have visited the Royal Polytechnic Institution of London will doubtless remember the sensation caused amongst sight-scons b.v the famous "Ghost" illusion, which revived the glories of that, institution ; and was productive of band- pome returns to its successful inventor, the worthy Professor himself. The new illusion, however, which is tlie joint production of Prolessor Pepper and Mr. .lames walker, ny wnoni luu apparatus employed bus been patented, is a very much more "wonderful exhibition, In producing this latter ontorlaiinuent the Professor has extended the liehl of illusion far beyond tlie celebrated "Cliost,-- for. whereas the former ghosts, however solid in form limy might- appear, were in reality rnere spuclres, the present, ones make their Jir-it, appearance in nil almost, impalpable form, and gradually solidify into good substantial ilesli nnd h'toml. which walks and talks and shakes . hands wilh the audience liefore again inciting into thin air. A. large mom, isolated from the lloor, with pliesnhore.-eent, green walls, oeeilpies tlie centre of ihe stage, and from t his descent Is a Might, of carpeted stairs.. An apology being made for tlie Prol'o.-.or not having arrived, that gentleman's well- known voice is immediately heard repudiating the idea that he ever kept an audience wailing, and with the announce ment, " I am here !" lie is visible in tlie very centre of the room, and immediately walks boldly forward down the slops, toward the footlights. This would lie impossible according to tlie arrange ment of tlie old gliost-efl'eet. His image could ap pear and disappear, but his substance could not walk forth. As the reverse of this effect, Jiauqlto's ghost appears seated in the chair at the hack of the room, rises, walks forward, steps backward, and instantly disappears in Ihe very centre of the chamber. Evaporating into space is the only correct expression that could lie employed for describing this illusiun. Then, again, the I'ru- fessm- comes to tlie front- of the stage with a basket of orange which he says lie is desirous of having transformed into ninrimilnde, and which, to save him all trouble and inconvenience, lie thinks might just as well be produced in pots. lie lakes the oranges to a raised platform, and piles tlieni into a wicker receptacle banging in space. A few seconds elapse, and without nny descent of the curtain tlie place of the oranges is taken by white pois lilled with marmalade, which are afterwards distributed among the audience. An other feat is the production from tlie mysterious background of a lady vocalist and pianist, who, following the previous example of the t'roi'essor, proclaims her individuality by coming forward and bowing. 