ENGLISH AND AMERICAN TRIFLES. Through the Capricomian we are placed in possession of the following interesting items, which are taken from the Detroit Echo : — . Caro has a flourishing ladies' cornet band. Newman Hall's Church cost 300,000dol. AnntliPr Triwh i'nmint tltrpnf pviprl O'Connor Power threatens an Irish rebellion. There are 30,000 persons out of work in Glas gow. Carlotta Patti has been duly married to Ernest de Munck. Pauperism in England has increased nine per cent within the past year. Queen Victoria's journey's from England to Scotland cost 10,000dols. apiece. A 13-year-old girl of North Star, Gratiot county, is a mother. A Bay City child has started in the race of life at the modest weight of 32 ounces. Jenny Lind is 58 years old and still sings like a nightingale. Carlotta Patti is 39 years old, Adelirm 35, Nilsson 82, Croizette 31. and Rose 30. Garibaldi has arrived at Caprera, where lie will tpend the remainder of his life. Carlyle is better again,' and it is even said that he is going to write his own life. Dr. Leonard Bacon, of New Haven, has been preaching 55 years. The Crown Prince of Germany is iu failing- health. The old Kaiser may outlive him yet. Elizabeth Taylor, a well known Scotch novelist known as the " Miss Austen of modern .fiction,', is dead. Sir Robert Peel lias- publicly apologised' to the Prince of Wales for the attack made on him iu Vanity,. Fair a few weeks ago. The inner surface of the dome of St, Pauls cathedral is to be painted with ffooting angels on a blue sky. The lieir to the immense estate of the- Marquis of Bute is a cotisin and a Protestant, the Marquis having no son. , .A :man is this week riding 1,000 miles .iii!300O minutes at Recreation park, Detroit. Ha uses- 30 horses. Charles Dickens, son of the novelist, manages one of the largest printing offices in London, Haitian has won 23,000dols.. in the past year, and his bar-room in Toroutovclears him, 300dols.. per week. Verdi, the composer,. has. been-. obliged to give- up any further work on. account of age aud- in firmities. ' . ,v .. I f -.io uo'nra cinno' nafrrtlnniv.) ' nroci /)Qu covered in this country, and we have exported 50,000,000dols. of it. The grand total of offspring- from a single paii- of rats in three years, at the ordinary rate of in crease, is 65&,808. " Smoking parties" are getting to-be a fashion able entertainment in England. Tlie Duke of Edinburgh lias set tlie example. A St. Louis woman who. wanted: to do as men do dressed up iu male attire, and walking up to a hotel bar took a drink " jiist like a little- man." The Duke of Argyll is again to- be & bride groom. His wife died last year. The bride . elect, a captivating widow, is 2.0 years-the Duke's- ' junior. There is a- iiouse in Saginaw City that, no- ordinary family can live in. A gang of noisy, mysterious, and uncivil ghosts keep every one-- : else out. Tennyson's brother got l<0,000dols. a year by taking the surname of Turner,. and Tennyeon can. have the same income on. the same terms,, but declines. The New York correspondent of the Phila delphia Times writes: " The wail of a three- months old babe is wafted regularly from the windows of Mrs. Tilton's present abiding place. She may be happy yet." The fruit-packing establishments of Baltimore employ over 25,000 hands. They will pack 12,000,000 cans of peaches thisyear, using 40,000" . bushels of peaches.. A woman was told to " make oath"' in a New Haven court. She blushingly said "Damn it!"' and then protested against the rigour of the law. A Mr.„Soule,of Elgin Iii., has gone exten sively into the business of " frog farming," and. expectB to supply St. Louie, Chicago, and Cin cinnati with the succulent edible. Laces are now selling at exactly one-half" what they did two years ago, owing to the per- 7 fection to which the imitation, article has been, brought. John Kelleher, a farmer living near Marshall, had a misunderstanding with a mule on the 5th., and came out with three ribs and a collar-boue- broken... Not a hair on. the mule's head was. fuffited-. Dull liioveyoy, tne Dig xuipms wieouei ,.« iu- teach sehool- in Bntler, Branch County, this, winter: There is at least one school in Branch, county where the big boys won't impose on the teacher much.. On dit,that a marriage has been arranged: between the Princess Beatrice of England and the heir apparent to. the Grand Duchy of Badden, who is a grandson of the Emperor Wil liam. A company of pretended- Zulus in Dublin, rapidly recalled thei r Irish brogue when a woman who had lost a son in the Zulu, war pitched into them with puving stones. _ A Bay City reporter is billed1 to go- up in- a baloon with Prof. Rulison on the 5th-. He will probably publish no account of it, but will doubtless dodge into heaven, considering it the nearest chance he will ever have. The .Yale scholarship for coloured divinity students is the gift of a young coloured: woman who laboured for this purpose all her life in washing and other menial pursuits, and left a fund of 5000dols. A Grand Rapids lady has a 12-year-old boy who will run away from home on the slightest pretext. At last she hit upon a plan that stopped his wandering. She dressed him up in girl's -clothes, and now he sticks closer to that house than the wall paper. There are no walks in life so humble that love and sentiment do not sometimes invade .them. The employees in a Grand Rapids livery stable spend half their time stand ing perched on a heap of manure throwing kisses to the female prisoners in the county gaol. Near Hurd's Corners, Tuscola county, there li ves a man 86 years of age,- who has been twice wrecked on tlie Atlantic ocean, once wounded in tho war of 1812, was in rene railroad collision twice fell irom a building, had two runaways 