Wednesday. Janttaby 15. TBefore Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., and T. IS. Keed, J.P.I . Emily Searle was charged with maliciously cuttitg and wounding Elizabeth Turner at Russell-streefc, on January 15. The pro secutrix said she was lying down on a sofa on Tuesday evening, when the defendant came in and told her to get up. Did not do so, and the defendant then threw a glass at her, which smashed against her forehead, cutting her eye badly, and also cutting her hand. Bbbt. Dixon, a boy^ corroborated. When arrested the defen dant said, *' I struck her with a glass because she wanted to turn me out of my own house/' The case was remanded for a week. Walter Moore was charged with disturbing the public peace by shouting and yelling in Bindley -street. Fined £2. — Ifoorew&s; further charged with assaulting P.C. Pearson in the execution of his duty, and was fined £5. Andrew Anderson, a young man, was fined £1 for drunkenness, and on a charge of resisting the arresting constable he was fined £5. Alfred John Elbourne, aged 12 years, was charged with being an uncontrollable child, and was ordered to be sent to the Industrial School until 16 years of age. Rose McCaffrey was charged with residing in a brothel, being under the age of 16 years, and was sent to the Reformatory School until 16 years old. Edward Webb was charged with attempting to deliver to a prisoner confined in H.M. Gaol a small bottle of brandy, on January 10. It was stated that the defendant went to the gaol to see an imprisoned debtor, and on being asked the custorrary question as to whether he had any forbidden articles in his possession he said he had not. He was then searched, and the bottle of brandy produced was found in one of his pockets. Mr. Beddome said as he supposed Mr, Howell would not allow the defendant to visit any one at the gaol again he should impose a small fine. Tined £1 and fees. William Stevens was charged with insulting behavior in Hindley-street wi-h intent 'to pro voke a breach of the peace. Fined 10s. On a charge of assaulting his wife, Alice Stevens, on January 4,Le was fined £1. — Stevens was further charged, on a peace information, with threaten ing to take . the life of his wife on January 14. Mr. Smith for the defence. Ordered to enter into his own recognisance of £40, and to find two sureties of £20 each to keep the peace for six months. ., . Frank Spinks wa« charged by Chas. Johnson with using insulting language with intent to provoke a breach of the peace on January 9. Mr. Wyatt, from Mr. Downer's office, for the prosecution, and Mr. Smith for the defence. — There was a cross-information against Johnson for using threatening and insulting words on the same occasion. Fined 10s. each. : Charles Stodare was charged with being in debted to Hugo De Lapy in the sum of £8, being two weeks' wages at £4 per week. v The com plainant stated that he had been engaged by the proprietor as manager of a ghost illusion company for a term of two months. He had been paid £21, and now claimed £8. Evidence was called for the defence to show that the complainant had been drunk on several occa sions . during the trip, and had spoilt the per formances of the company. The case was dis missed, the complainant haying to pay the hearing fee. 