NEWS AND NOTES. We publish to-day our monthly summary of in intel ligence for transmission to Europe by the outgoing mail We hold over our leading articles and a number of letters . ■/ This day ? s enter-; taihment;‘at : thb Alfrad-hall; meeting’ re Buriiimbeet and Windermere Ploughing Match, Two'Bfidgea hotel, 7 p.m.; lecture, “ The Great Pyramid,” by Rev. Mr Price, Congregational ; Gharch,T)awßonßtreet, 7.30 '! p.m.Crown 'lands" sale ;. ' O’Connor-:;; ' t".j : ; is' the last. • dayfor "paying' rates in 'the various municipalities’ to ensure ratepayers’ names ap pearing on the municipal roib.-.ln.Ballafat'the, rate collectors’offices will be kept open J from 6 to ’8; p.m. for JiHe' j Jli -It will no doubt very:materially tend: to . allay ;the uneasiness prevailingto know from - oiir advertising columns that the directors and’ general'manager of'the. Australian aridr Europeanßank-intandvisiting Bal larat on W9dnesday;mexti.fpr;the purposenfjßubmit ting to the local shareholders, .and. depositors certain resolutions of the' same’"character, jwe presume, as those which were unanimously adopted at : the’ ■-meetmg.'in'i Melbourne yesterday. ’Similar“' meetings,' ’ we-! understand,- will be im 'mediately., held .Geel^g..;a&d; > < ' : 'SahdhuaV';; anfli doubtless .oiir local supporters pf the bank' will .nipt be ; behind their fMelbqurna-brathren in .expressing their 'desire, to; extricate the inatitutipn, : from''the' position into'which' 1 it’has forced.; “The management certainly cannot be accused of any. desire, to ayoid . inTeßtigationj.and.jt.is, aatisfactory.' tp know that their efforts have so far, beeh"attended'‘ with gratifying success. ‘ “'" i j The City. Co.uncil had little, business before it ion one, .the full ' council Smith,'who has* had a long-leave of- absence,'; Among : other.-mattera, the.council' decided ' not to, shift . the ■ Cattle-yards i to tha 'common, sis 'asked 11 for by “the'' stock-agents/; till after the old loan is_paid off next year, and" in' the meantime no. money .will be .spent upon them! in making, aubatantial repaira. The council also^de^sr mined .to write .to ..the .chahmari -iof . the' L Stock Exchange.-tb'ask'him'to use his influence in getting: the,Cornier, people to confine .themselves to the'-' pave ment, so as i to. allo w Jadiea id pass'along the plimkihg, And not'be crowded-put into .the road; ■■ ,1 A letter. was received bn Monday from .-Melbourne, trom A friend' of Mr R.H.Lock, Jate:-;membef; for ' Grenville,-‘ intimating 'that ' he'- was; a -little .hatter, though still very weak._ •*“ I-: -id-v;n j The . recent dpstti s from, .diphtheria ;in Mr Rowa’aj family, at Glenflne. haa. iridupad tha'.majority of the other, membefsi of .the household to laave the .hpme ■ steady for change •of bair,;under'the: charge; of .-Arph-.; . ' are sorry to hear that the Rev J. W. Blamey had the misfortune to break his leg on Saturday even ing last whilst riding from Clunes. This accident happened near the Junction hotel, seven miles from Ballarat.Mr.Jas, Troup,' farmer of Coghill’s Creek, was returning home and found Mr Blamey lying by ‘the road and, holding- his -horse by the bridle, He immediately returned to Ballarat with Mr Blamey, and Dr Hudson was called in and set the broken limb and we learn, that the sufferer is progressing as well as can be expected. The new halbaltached to the Ballarat-; East iPnblip. Library is now almost-completed, and will be handed*- over to.the committee by the, architects, Messrs James arid Creber,in a fewdaya. - The roof of- thenew hall is one‘qf’the prettiest wa have seen, and .we doubt If ’there is another like itih'the'coloriy.- 1 ‘The' gas iq'-the hall was lighted last-evening for the first time; 1 there-, being the. president, ...secretary,, and other rgantTemen,' was ex ceedingly good ahd'gaya ;great satisfa^ ' ultimate intention of .the committee-to-.use the. hall as* ar'eadirig-room.'and there is 'Bama tilk'of 1 opening it" Cr Brophy’s motion with reference to theremoval of the fence around fhe garden in Sturt street, be tween Dawson and Doveton streets, was considered by the council in committee on Monday and the dis cussion was adjourned for a fortnight pending the getting of some information upon the subject. .i rCTbe pupils attending the .Christian Brqthjeral Roman ■‘Cathbifir''soh'o6l, t Skipton streWt/wlll -Sprtieht-tliS- fqM lowing address to Bishop O'Connor this morning, qa 1 .T :i ax a nuis i the occasion of. his having completed hia twenty-fifth year To the Most Reverend I Bishop of Ballarat, on hia {mastnood. —My Lord, —We, the pupßegiLtha! (Jhnatian Brothers, beg leave to offer you on thigSte.twentyv' fifth elevation acred! avajl-obrselves of this op?fertunj|y, mjf- Lorß|tsJeasify%p you our gratitude forroe deep?., interact taken in our welfare siacA youqj i charge, as its ofK this \mr divine Lord’s 9 vineyard.'< You have earnestly inculcated to us an ardent love of ■the.Jaith...>nd-.country. .so.highly. jirizßd ■ hy-jpuc.- "ancestora. You have ' procured" for us fromthehoma _ ojE.qjr forefathers our present teachers, who impart to us the same priceless blesaings of religious instruction which they gave to the youth .pf Ireland, and you have thuß cobneetBd' f ~UB by'a ! new link with the_ "IslandTorSiintsT"Wolhank you, my" Lord,’for these proofs of your love for us, and. we most respectfully .;assdta you that Ore will endeavorlto 'Make you the rstum most valued by you, by carefully practising those useful lessons'for which we are indebted to yqu.. Wishing yon, my Lord, very many happy years in Bal-' larat, audrwith'in earnest nopSi that we may have the pleasure of celebrating your golden jubilee—Wjth profound respect we 'are, my Lord, your grateful' 1 ' x(3ignedrpn;behalfio£ the pupils of the Christian Brothers.) Six signatures. Ballarat, 10th June, 1879.”:;-.The address has been neatly ; written and beautifully illuminated by. Mr W. N. L . i Our obituary notice this morning mentions the death of Mr Bdward-Charlton, of the Pioneer hotclj) ; Durham lead. Deceased was ypty generally respected,' and his deatli has caused' much'"regret in the heigh borhood of the Durham; -. ! j.-... The Timet does not make the same blunder as- the < Age with revard to tacks. Writing on Mr Berry’s ■ proceedings, the London paper says :—“ If Mr Berry' try to!found a pjah of reform which' ‘will have a chance of being carried in the colony.) Meantime, hia colleague,Mr.Pearson, affirms' that the avowed and constant aim'of the liberal party in'Vicl toria has been to limit the Legislative Council to .the. powers practically exercised by the, House of Lords.' If this be sd the Assembly can-have' f ho i objection i to. give the_guaranty r .against the practice of ‘tacking 1 ’ which the Cduhcil ask for,' in exchange for the pledge, never to reject, the, Appropriation Bill. Yet, if we understand Mr Pearson’s “argument, though he icon-' demos 1 tacks, 1 he would remove the restriction up them. In this view he will not find much support among English politicians. Each of the ‘ deadlockt V in Victoria, due to the rejection of the Appropriation 1 Bill, was provoked by precisely such an attempt-to - ‘-.tack V a question of . policy to supply .asp those J which* the standing 7 ‘orders of ’the House'/of! Lords have condemned since 1702, and which, as Sir' Erskine May tells us, have been ' resisted, by protest,", by conference, and by>the rejection of bills,’ with such, signal success that no modern example of the practice; can be cited.” What must (l liberals " think of their guQekaffer such bWnderaTasTthSjAye iq'adA? j : '- ; v On Trinity Sunday an ordination service was held" in Christ Church Pro-Cathedral, in the morning, ;by'| Bishop by the Revs. W, iHiUj dahl and J. Lewis. The Revs. Colin Campbell. (Ballan), G. F. Geer (East Charlton), and B. fj.) ; Franklin /CWedderburn) yfara admitted into.'prietta.’, orders, and Messrs A. Allnutt and C. Geer, of Moorci Collegc,.Sydneyi)w.ere:ordaiped.dfacana. j A meeting of the committee of the Sandhurst, excursion trip, on the 17th inst., was held last night; ■ when it was that the sale of tickets should ‘ close on Thursday next, so that all who want tickets' had better apply for them at once, ' ii The following awkrds were mqde)in,Ojjnndcti,on tvitfi" the Sandhurst Industrial 'Exhibition on Saturday;— Miscellaneous poems—Silver medal, J. B. Phillips,.. , Ballarat, >p mentions,—Class XL—Pine arts, paintings - in' oil,and water-colorj "pencil 'and crayon drawings—tF,.E.’ Huhtefj'Lidlarat,'; Harris, Bun-" ihyoiig';' ‘M. Qatliff,’, Ballarat; "certificate)'"'Mortimer Skoglund, Ballarat;'' Special prizes.—Bronze medals —S. E. Wills, Ballarat; A. M‘Dowall, Ballarat... yCertificatea—E„.Soammell, Ballarat:, W, Paine, Bal lafatj'F. W. Buley, Raltarat. ~ “ x '" ! A confirmation service was held at St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill;!, on Sunday, when Bishop Thornton administered the rite to four male ’and, twelve female postulants. ! , j ,A pen ]q£ ]Mr(Crealman; pf- Burrumbee’t, ]s«leen ; years of age, on Sunday visited his brother, who is at the present time in the Creswick Hospital, and when a little way from the.. Sulky Gully railway station) on his way home, the stirrup broke and he was thrown from his horse, a fast young one, and dragged along dils jooto.in-,the.,other stirrup) for some yards, before fTswerve""of the ’horse'set' him free. The accident (says the A'dveriiserJ was seen by some, persons living house.near, where it occurred, and" they at once randered'every assistance to the youth) ' who was quite insensible. They carried him carefully. Jntoj their bouse r .and- sent.-for-Dr- Tremearne, who) '‘found that the young fellow'h'a"d the froht'of his cheat; driven in, nearly every rib being broken. He lies in : a very dangerous state,'blit if possible will be removed" to the Hospital The meeting 'of 1 the’'frusteea : bf ! the Miners’ Race course, called for Monday evening at Brophy’s hotel .purpose .of for the YVinter Meeting'oh the'Saintabourao, lapaCd'fbf want of a quorum, and ,stands adjourned until Friday evening next, at 7 o’clock.' i 3i.' r-A preliminary, .meeting. of, creditors.in.,the estate of James D'flehir, deceased, late of Leigh "Creek, Bun-: garae, was held akßrophyVhotel on Monday. It Was resolved that a valuation should be taken of the plant,, goodwill, .and business, m. conuactiou with.the firm of o'Hehir and Walab, "trading as' O’Hehir "and" Cos.; in which the deceased was, a co-partner, and that the creditors in th'e'e'state should "again be called together on Friday-.next, as .to,, what steps'sball" be tak'ehwith" reference’to the'disposal of deceased's interest-in .the, business, for the benefit .of all con cerned:"" -VO- uu aaa.v Mr John J. Bura.ton,_author of “ The State School Grammar,” has compiled a work on arithmetic,| as ft,Supplement to. “ the State, School, Arithmetic,” ;ar ranged'to sdit'the requirements 1 of “instruction iasiied : by the Education Department. The work contains a‘ number of lessons id what may be called the higher,' arithmetic, the rules being very clearly explained, and the exathplesbefng humerbns. ‘ There is a Chapter; on elementary rmehsuratidn',t and 6he ; on -'the application of tho unitary msthod. There is also a serieGl of Victorian examination-papers, the working of the various problems being plainly shown. The book ought, to. be very -useful qtudentsnwhilst it is particularly adapted for the"many who seek to qualify themselves .for employment.! The;pub liah'er is"Mr'Qeorge'Robertson. V/ “ ; A youth was caught the other day iu the act of enjoying a little native bear baiting at the Botanical Gardens, and the prosecuting constable, Hickey, . having .obtained a conviction, the City Council passed him a reward «f £2 on Monday. ‘ ■;yf A concert and ball was held*.in the Mount Doran State School on the 6th instant in aid of a prize fund for the children attending that ; school. The room was inconveniently crowded, many having to stand in \- the porch and.'doorway.' .The chair was Occupied by Mr Nesbitt, a ,local .gentleman, and Mrs Smith, pianists, of Elaihe,-ably'-presided at the harmonium. The pieqei.in the,follqwing.programme ; .were credit ably ‘ sung;—)Part" I.—Overture, Mrs’ Smith;, song,. “ The Karp that once through Tara’s halls,".Mr jf Amour; song, ‘‘You'dbatter-hide a wee,” Miss E. M’.Queanj.duot, “-Very suspicious,”. Miss. Matheaon Hearlej ‘sohg,-‘“ Norah- □’Neal,’”-Mr Suther land; song; ‘‘ Eileen;: Alannah,” -Miaa,._C. M'Queeh; comic song, “Doctor ..Quack,” Mr G. Davie; song, “ Poor old Joe,' ',Mr Hearle.; Part.ll.—O verture, Mrs Smith; song, Mr Anderson; song,'“ The cottage by .jthe sea,” Miss A- Matheaon; ,duet,.“ Larboard watch,” Messrs‘E. 1 ' and J.' Hain;' ! Bong, “ Thy '’ voice' is near)” Miss P. M'Queen; song, Auld Scots Bangs,” Mr Ar mour; song, “Come where the coral shines,”,Miss E. M'Queeh; ''duet, , “ A ;B.'C,” Mis’a ■!P. ; ‘M‘Q'iieen : 'ah'd J Mr Hearlo; song, “ Nigger’s' description of the world,” Mr G. Davis; National~Anthem. The usual compli-. mentary voteaclosed'the proceedings;-- - 0 ■ ; The Hospital committee" will meet on Wednesday, to deal with the following : 1. To receive report of hdusAoommittee.-.: 2. To :pay-;:thsv-monthl^-accounts. 3\. To authorise-thq house,committee-£o invite tenders for "customary" supplies, '■'and *to' pay'^euch' - extra accounts; for- months of ..June 'as may ibe-'requisite. 4. .-TqaßPpint two members, of, ho.nso;cpmm.ittae, iq : place of Messrs R.-;LewiBiim,d G..O.;Eroahaw,i who retire by rotation but are eligible for re-election, . ' Lecturing on Monday afternoon at the Central school on “ Orthography and speech,” Mr T. P. Hill pointed, out.the anomaliesjand absurdities connected fijrith'the..spolling of Npt(JpngyBgo a. deputation,from the Condon and other.schooi hoards, 1 and ona’from'the Sboiety of I 'Arts;‘- i waited upon the Lord Eresidentfof/thejPrivy Gounoil -'fthe Duke of -and Gordon) for the purpose of requesting . that a qommisaioh' might'be granted; to take Into ahout.a'apolUhg refprep.''-' it“was' ufged;that the ques- : tion affected-npt.only England,.hut-all countries where ithe English language was spoken. One of the.spaakers : '(Dr-Qlads tone)-remarked thatif-the 'BngUsh'thad' 1 a ;?P.^Jihg'*n Plpple, a .jamg;ihlihe'sQhoolflife"q£ ..every .Engliah. oihild; : of* a thousand hours, and that that time might-bOndoupSsd in the.technical education acknowledged to.be lacking ‘ iu Engltah artisahs. -'Reviewing‘ttSMisohsaion which took place, .means, favorable leading ' artfclej wound .up by,Baying ‘that it it' werO true q thit , "children tau'giitr'to read phonetically afterwafds acquTred the received spelling .-S.ith greaterj'api(Btyandew.9thastjflt4V!&ht; Maaxdiug to the present systen>;:.-iett;them by ell means be . . . i •W&&TS; b aittoj; boa ; «ea [ taught phonetically, elders use and write a lftrfgu| , gff^wh^^y£ro*MTta s anomaliea and imper fectiode; among Nth a great classical languages of ttt'e- (> worlEUj. Mr Hin urged aa an objec tion to jt ha ref there could never language corresponding in all respects jvith ytp spoke; i farms. Although there might be a ■standard writte a language,/yej the mode of pronounc ing irir-j words wbuld always materially differ in OTffereit pitta of the ..Country. Set a Scotchman, a rea( j a ctaptor in jlh# Bible or a scenefrom Shakspeare, and however wall educated they might he, their mode of pro -nunoiation-would be-essentially-different.-—Even*in* Italian, iu whicha more Uniterm system of orthography' -the.,y?rioty,.of. dialects', _waa .such -that.the reading- of \- same_ passage Jby.pns provincial would be almost unintelligible" to anbltierT/The fact .was,. that.language had lawa.of its own which could, neither be .coerced 'nor stimulated. .Changes both . m orthography and pronunciation: were siKntlyiin' progress, and would" always._adaj)t i .,themsehea to,, the. form of things and the desires of .the'human miucLV, . ]jinguage grew, and modes of spelling were.hut’aiportion of that growth. V 1 ' The returns from the Victorian railways' l for the weikl ending/Sth June ISsBd, as against, £22,227 2i Id for.the corresponding week of last year,’ which still shows a loss’of.£663r3s : 6d' t onVthe week’s revenue as cqmpared’mthdasfrjrejir’sreturns,' although’ an additional 145 miles, of, bails, are open this year, ih The snddahiiUness;'’ofc.;lir ;W. Rees, father of Miss- Alice Rees;i the' talented” l young vocalist, terminated fatally on" Friday evening; at‘ahout'7. o'clock, but the newsndidnot until/ 'SfitlirdaSV A Aa we' cause of the seiiure was the rupture of an abscess; or gathering "of that nature, in'Onerof , his "ears,/producing. by pfes aure'oh'.the brain, d'eliiipm;and-ulfimately-death. ■ Mr Rees 'was. an-old colonist,., and settled: in Ballarat’ ' sixteen or - seventeen , years j ago^*; where ; hiptalented daughter:vraa b6fnlu.’.'Ha ahbsequehtly-cama“ to 'reside ;at,Staw’ell, and waa.in business here’aaad'ailor'.uhtil a year* or'two ’ago. : ,Mr Rees' was paasionitelyrfond of music, .and had.a tenor voicepf a high prdbr. /Tt; was 'while'at Stawell'that Miss Rees first; attracted -'notice as a yocaUsti whilst'etiira childi'ahdpncljf.’theTcaußea: of Mr/Rees leaving this town was a desiro to be near his/ daughter.. while she. pursued her musical studies,. -which were bsingmondncted- under the 'direction of' ; Ma'daihe tuby Chambers/; '•' f; -The-sentenoebf death passed on Hogan at the late Beoohworthl Assizes, for -.the ‘ murder.bf : his ; f brother, /was ’earned out in the local: gabl/on Mbndkyi- The 'condemned man appears to have met-his fate calmly, iand .in answer, to tha usual queation as'to “whether ha had anything to say, gruffly, replied, “No.” " u: '’ ; : As..toithe .scare . which;. exiated with-regardv.td the 1 KeUy -sympathisers, we, ( HeraW/ leam- that -during their incarceration in Beachwofth Qaol r a, sumpf £7OO .was expended..in-ironplating fhe- doors and puttingl ;the building in-a position to’ etand’a . Kdlly siege. _lt. 1 would- ba'/'interMting /tp' know- /wßat '.the/ipolice ■.bungling /.in'reference'to, these outlaws.k!aa ■ dost 1 the country. .:v • • •■•:■■••■■: j There is oomparatlTely littlo’nevV.in connection with the.vacancy .for ,Fitzroy. ; ,.The.,name, McMahon, a member, of -the Town-Council,/.is men . tioned as a' probable candidate; 'and several gentlemen, ;in addition to; some /already publicly, named, are said th’be feeling theirway./tt: is. understood; (says' the ■Heral&i.; that a meeting 'of persons ; opposed* to the Berry'Miniatryhas’beeh-held,'ahd/that.'o.vertafes are to be made to-Mr Langtdh to stahdm the Opposition [interest. A strong effort is, we -'are ' informed/,to be made to induce the HourW/M-'K. Vale/to come for ward,/, ; /;. 1 ' ;..;;; ////-V/-;, Hia Excellency ; the .Qovernor .haa.received a circular -from Sir Michael Hichs-Beach, Informing him that the ‘Quarantine' Act has all vessels arriving at any port in the,United Kingdom or [the Channel Islands from- tlm Baltipt l _the;/Black' Sea," 'th’a'Sea bf 'Aaof, and the Sea of Marmora, on account of the plague.now.raging.in. thevEast, and directing that all vessels arriving at the port of Melbourne’ from those foreign ports be made liable to quarantine,, Dr M’Crea. on,-Saturday ,caused, directions to; be given to the heallh/offloerat. the Heads .to.lake .every ■ prepauUon in/regard/to • vessels arriving from any of the abovePamedplaoes.' Our trade-with .these ports is almost limited'to'ah dccaMonM consignment of timber' from the.Baltio, and. we shall probably not have much to fearbp.’accourit of;the plague. ; i: ‘ > The- Age .- says On! ; Saturday morning the Associated: Banks made/ an offet.of . assistance to the /directors of the, Australian and European Bank,- which haditcomea few days earlier might, have entirely, prevented the panic Of'Thursday.” ”; ■ 'Since the stoppage of 'the Australian an/d’European: 'Bank some depoaitors in the.local banking institutions have been acting .(says the Ocdong Advertiser) with great-oautiqn in their dealings/ '-On/Saturday fore noon one man'who. withdrew his small account and got paid in spvereihgspersisted, in. placing each gold/ piece .between jhis teeth,, and ..when - asked .the.reaabn for such precaution he. replied that," it wasn’t safe now-a-daya to t’rastfhe/banke'rs.’'. ... At another bank-'a .person took a bundle io£. the inatitutiah’s notes, and 1 demanded gold coin iff exchange. / The demand was promptly complied with, and the, teller,' much to the astonishment r .pf..:the customer, '..Offered; to 'give sovereigns .for'every European note'h'e'cohld A third* incident may be iblat'ed. ' man 'went into one of.the,banks and .offered the teller a number of notes on/differeht hanks/in exchange for sovereigns.' ' Among the notea/were ..several on the. Australiah and . European/ .Bank. /These were im mediately. taken/ but tha coubtryman was informed that he .would have to go to the other .banks to obtain coin for their notes.- ; Imagining, that there was* another.; financial failure;-the holder Of the,paper money hastened awayrto the different mstifutiohs. \- The' 1 ceremony of consecrating the new-altar mad. ppening,-Jhe new r ,sanctuary/at^^,St Vi Prancis’iChurch, ’was’perfomed/oh Sunday by, the. Archbishop of ;Mel bourne, in the, ; presence, of a very large congregation. It took place' (says the Argus) at the morning service at 11 o’clock,/when'high'mass was ./celebrated eerant arcKkfiistdpo. The'celebrant was the Rev. Dr O’Con-' nor. Bishop of Ballarat, and*the following clergy-took par tin it;—Assistant priest, Very Rev. Dean England; deacon, Rev. B. Aylward; sub-deaconp -Hev.- 1 Mr -M'Kenna;.master of the.ceremonies,“Rev. P. Denahy. The Rev.-Dr',Oorlett, preached:-' the sermon, which was based oQ .tho'gospel for Trinity Sunday, namely, the 18th ahdi.few.following verses of the2Bth .chapterjof •Matthew.** ■•* - I ■■ s • ' ■<•'■■■■■'■ ■ This evening ■the I flret ; bf ! a serie3 of winter lectures' will be delivered in the Congregatibnal;CKurch', Daw son street, by the Rev. Mr Price, of Geelong,../The/ subject of the lecture, will .be “The Great Pyramid.” Instead of a'charge'being madefor admission a,collec tion will be made at the'close'of tha-leoture. D’Arcy Read’s Ghost entertainment at-the Alfred;- hall on. Monday. night was .very .well: attended con sidering-the .weather. A programme-similar to, that provided at the private exhibition given bh Saturday night was preaentedm'the public/ and ! -'evoked hearty admiration and applause. ' The -loves of "Marguerite and Faust scorned at-by the deyilMephiatopheleaJ the antics of ‘ the ' Christy' MinatrelA ,and: the funny episodes in the “ Haunted House ” were *all shown to much greater:: advantage l than -they,..were, in ,the Academy of Music a short time since, and Ahe singing was much improved "as well/as* the dancing. The' company has been strengthened by the addition of Miss Bassett-Macdonald, was well re ceived, and Miss'Joey Brooks,/ a [graceful donseuse; whose movements.-were loudiy The Ghosts will be shown again this-evening. 