gaos i untie;; ?A Sfocfc of tha Rei EevolTjtwni- . 3?t-C& J, Whttb Mbi.tiiiI.bv , CHAPTER XXIX. - SLiOOD WH.I, TELL. ^tfetfrwitti ber1.' * Lot her show herself !' ??There'-le the king !' 'Which theu?' That one %itb his hair powdered, and ruffles on his hands.' ?Why is she no* intUo balcony?' 'She has fled to Austria for troops.' 'Nonsense! I see her coming out. She i» not afraid to show herself ; ehe never was! After all 'tis a good queen!' ?B&h;! a good queen aits at homo and minds; her knitting. ' Long live Marie Antoinette V- and the King, and tho Army, and the National Guard !' ?rinnir lire erarrbodT. and down -«ith evervtbios that goet againrt th» people !' Sueh wet* th« ghouts of \ motley assemblage1 partly rabbi*. partlT men in uniform, partly deputies from the clubs, and members of the (Nation*! Assembly, irho crowded the courtyard fctefora th» royal apartmonts at Versailles. The Rational Quard, whoso presence might Jjfive pnrrente&'the wholo rising, had they been mnder arms » few hours sooner, so far fraternised frith tht rioters that they consented to withhold their fire, if these on their part would refrain from &rther.oatng;«. In accordanea with th» reraa filitr of tao Preach character, this truco was tiardly aeevptad «« it became sra enthnsittetic alHnJie*. 8oldt»n and Stmtadottea embraced, 'dttuifc tog «tker, intsroh»mg*d red nightcap* and ^coloured cvokadei. Toted each othtr th» bnreit :of the brara, and thronf »d th« court of th« palaee, ftp afford royalty an opportunity of learning their Wefctimenti, and a^r*»ing with thsir opinions. w Us hstd bean dociddd by those who, in command ;of a «w*rm o* citieon ?oldisn, had nowunques ijonably tho npper hand, that their Majesties shonld at one* proceed to Paris in state, escorted fcy the nation, under galling compulsion, yet ostensibly of their own free-will. But a rumour got abroad amongst tho lowest and most ignorant of the rioters, that th« King and Queen had escaped, and fl»d beyond the frontier. It was necessary to convince th« mob that their prey proM still in their clutches ; therefore, their leaders encouraged them to shout themselves hoarse under £he windows, till their Majesties should appear. ' Louis came out with his accustomed equanimity. 'Bis face might be a shade paler, might ?wear a somewhat heavier expression than common, but in other respects he was the same Lonis whom ihey were used to. blame, pity, deride, and caricature, according to the humour of the mo ment, or the witticism of the day. It seemed «ven.to the bitterest republicans a poor triumph iover a weak advara&ry;, thus to coerce their harm less sovereign ; but for the resolute courage of his ?wife they entertained a feeling of admiration, not incompatible with hatred nor devoid of fear. If «ho were at large, it would be in vain to have captured the reat, and the more intelligent of the -jrowS irero louder than the very rabble in their outcries for 'The Queen ! th« Queen 1' Shft cam* to the front tall and atately, with her usual -2%nitr, and more than her usual prida, holding the dauphin and hi* sister by the hand. *Take away the- children !? We want no children !' exclaimed a ferocious Sansculotte, levelling his musket at the balcony, perhaps in drunken bravado, perhaps a thirst for blood. 'Child thyself; and trouble enough for a dozen I there's a rap on tbe pate to keep thee quiet !' exclaimed Mother Redcap, wresting his ifirelock from th« ruffian's grasp, and dealing him with its but* end a blow on tho forehead that hud Sum senseless at her feet. Tho crowd laughed and clapped their hands. ?'Long liva More Boufflon !' they cried. .^Andlong ?Jive Maria Antoinette I* Bufc,«h 1 tho contempt on that pale, high-bred face ! Tha warning to dismiss her children had not been lost on the Queen's maternal cor, and while* advancing to look down upon her pcoplp, she believed she cams out to face her death. Standing against the ironwork of the balcony, ehe bo« amed that sea of up-turned faces no less jnndaniitedly than her princely ancestors were used to scan the foes for whom they set lance in (rest; but with* feelings how different to those of Ifche tnoi led champion, panting only to win honour from on adversary honourable as himself. No. .She stood there alone; to accept in gratitude where she hnd conferred benefits, to eustain ..outrage where she hod a right to homage ; and the only armour she wore was her own jcourage, tbe only allies aha could count on were lier own e elf-sacriflca and aunse of right. Howianoud sha looked, how beautiful, an&oh;, bow sad! Witn head orect, shoulders thrown, back, end'-drawn to her fullest stature, it seemed as if hara, fflfctbt last extremity, she would bate not ona i.uob of her native majesty, would narrow not by one hair's breadth the royal mark shs offerad, to tm rabcl's insuitor an assassin's shot. '. And thin waa tha face that thousands had thronged 1 1- weloora* over their frontier, when the pains -t lUarie Antoinette meant all that was brightest, W-d fairest, and happiest in France; when an an Hnd look mould have been treason, a tarsh word - laerilaf a against the Queen — this face 60 faded with sorrow, eo seamed with care, so worn sad oarvad (md hollowed by the chafing spirit within, that accepted stubbornly a fate it was powerless to dominate, too brave to flinch, too gfeible *ta complki n. Tefraraa it p«re, and i lair, and queenly, even now — is its patitmce, its resignation, in the utter hopelessness, tiutti by no means affected its ex pression ot' sbetn endurance, and in its quiet, dogged, Ausirian courage — calm, scornful, almost 6tolfd under the. deadening pressure of despair. As her people loofted up. at her standing there,, majestic and unmoved,; to bear tho brunt of the etorm withont quailing whatever it might bring ; bo firm, so undaunted, yet bo helpless and forlorn; the reddest of republicans felt his heart moved by the touching contrast;! more than one brawny 3bond shifted its weapon to wipe away a tear, and ithe very furies of the Sshmarket began to boTi outright. 'Trust thyself tons, Madame !' shouted Blother Bedcap, in her ntentorian voice. -'Thou unit be nowhere eo cafe iM at Paris in the midst ef us. And- bring the children too. We love children, I and my sisters.. What ! We. are wives, pome of us, and mothers n early every one.* ' The people laughed, anclapplauded. The Queen !bowed; the cheering was redoubled, .and Marie Antoinette retired from the balcony, in such a* burst of admiration as might .'have done honour to ths.mott popular sovere}gn'wj(0.ever graced a throne. Hotiber Bedcap, much plBaaed with.faerself, and loving the Eound'af her oem Toice, would hava taken this opportunity, to make a little speech, but Ehe felt a fasod on her . olhcnr, and turning-roundx was ctaxtled to confront Leonie, .looking more like a corpue out of itp grove than a Frenchwoman., pbthed In living flesh and'bloocl Tha Wolverine, always-pale* was now perfectly* White, her lips bloodless, 3ier eyes dull, her^whole appearance denoting tjiplextreme.ofr -mental, tmguish «a4 Jtortal fear. if ' What is it then ?* Mteked^kthe^fishwonmir. ?Hasfcthoa eeeOfO. ghost, jmy- girli:jor art. thou Dne th-vitflf P STothineLfll.Ta «vep lookediike that* ' : . Leonie tnutterednti^ew fyllablea- «buos(vin feiadible, that the otherll-eiitj2ier ear to catch. . 'What!' she exclaimed. 'Our little Count to be'itried tot b-. conspirator — * 'reactionist! Are, (Hiey all alike, thesej aristocrats ! There: is no, safety in trusting one- of them; But -come along,, jmy lass, and we will see whatican'be done.' ' What could be done ? The downward' course of events was eo headlong that even such advanced, revolutionists as Mere lioufflon and^Leonie seemed] (to be losing their influence hour bytour. . ? The latter was utterly -unstrung and 'helpless, ?tottering as she walked, and only saved from* fall ing by the hold she kept on her companion's Powerful arm. Her head hung' down, ehenever lifted her ejea from the ground, jmd she muttered' in enorfc,' ?pasnK- dic-'ientences''*Bw«he*-rept. Along— 'ft ismy fault.. -I.did it, and Iloved^hiro. That was why. And now'he will hate me. He will'. ' fcieTer tpeakto me again. — and — -he' ?will. die— he ?will die— be will die.* Onoe she broke out in a shrieking, .choking Jftugh th^inade the old fishwoman's stout heart tern oo]d. Mere Bouffionr«ra» «o great pedestrian jujthe toighKmexch.from Paris hal told severely on.lier (buTkyntrame, but of the two women she seemed anuch the. lees exhau^ed, when they stopped (Bmonctjmagroup-:of fiajuculottes, testing their; ... .M,.e,.,«TurMfa.,l-JW.jJM»,ii»njjj i;» attempt at military regularity, ihree sides of a hollow square. In the centre 6at Santerre using a drum for a writing-table, and at bis ride stood' two or three of his fiercest followers, affecting to hold a court-martial- of which tho sentence was already decided, and tho forms* .even to them selves, seemed a wild and hideous jest. 