Vixen. By MISS BRADDON, AuntonESs of "AunoaA Flood," c &c; Chapter IV. BORIC MAKES A bPEt CH". Somewhat to his surprise, and much to his delight, Roderick Vawdrey escaped that maternal lecture which he was wont undutifully to describe as a " wigging." When he entered the drawing-room in full dress just about ten minutes before the first of the guests was announced, Lady late received him with a calm affectionateness, and asked him no questions about his disposal of the afternoon. Perhaps this unusual clemency was because of his twenty first birthday, Rorie thought, A man could not come of age more than once in his life. He was entitled. to some favor. ... The dinner-party was as other dinners at Briar- wood : all the arrangements perfect ; the went commendable, if not new : the general result a little dulL ? -et.,. The Ashbourne party were among the first to arrive ; the duke portly and affable ; the duchess delighted to welcome her favorite nephew ; Lady Mabel looking very fragile, flower-like, and graceful in her pale blue gauze dinner dress. Lady Mabel affected the palest tints, half-colors which were more like the shadows in a sunset sky than any earthy hues. She took possession of Rome at once, treating him with a calm superiority, as if he had been a younger brother. " Tell me all about Switzerland," she said, as they sat side by side on one of the amber ottomans " What was it that you liked best t" . "The climbing, of course,'? he answered. "But which of all the landscapes? What struck' you most ? What impressed you most deeply ! Your first view of Mont Blanc, or that Wondrous gorge below the Tete Noire ? or" i'J It'was all uncommonly jolly. But, there's a family resemblance in Swiss mountains, don't you know ? They're all white-and they're all peaky. There's a likeness in Swiss lakes, too, if you came to think of it. They're all blue, and they're all wet. And Swiss villages, now-don't you think they are rather disappointing such staunch' plagiarism of those plaster chalets the image men carry about the London streets, and no candle ends burning inside to make, 'em look pretty. But I liked Lucerne uncommonly, there was such a capital billiard table at the hotel." ( 1 Roderick I" cried Lady Mabel, with a dis- gusted look. "I don't think you have a vestige of poetry in your nature." I hope I haven't," replied Rorie devoutly. , " You could see those ' sublime scenes, and never once feel your heart thrilled or your mind exalted-you can come home from your first Swiss tour and talk about billiard-tables !" "The scenery was very nice," said Rorie thoughtfully. " Yes ; there were times, perhaps, when I was a trifle stunned by all that grand calm beauty, the silence, the solitude, the awful ness of it all but I had hardly time to feel the thrill when I came bump up against a party of tourists, English or American, all talking the same twaddle, and all patronising the scenery. That took the charm out of the landscape some- how and I coiled up, as the Yankees say. And now you want me to go into second-hand raptures, and repeat my emotions, as if I were writing a tourist article for a magazine. I can't do it, Mabel." "Well, I won't bore you any more about it," said Lady Mabel, " but I confess my disappoint- ment. I thought we should have such nice talks about Switzerland." " What the use of talking of a place ! If it's so lovely that one can't live without it, one had better go back there." This was a practical way of putting things which was too much for Lady Mabel. She fanned herself gently with a great fan of blue cloudy looking feathers, such a fan as Titania might have used that midsummer night near Athens. ' She relapsed into a placid silence, looking at Rorie thoughtfully with her calm blue eyes. His travels had improved him. That bronze hue suited him wonderfully well. He looked more manly. ' He was no longer a beardless boy, to be patronised with that gracious eldest sister air of Lady Mabel's. she felt that he was further off from her than he had been last season in London. " How late you arrived this evening," she said after a pause. " II came to kettledrum with my aunt, and found her quite anxious about you. If it hadn't been for your telegram from Southampton, she would have fancied there was something wrong." She needn't have fidgeted herself after three o'clock," answered Rorie coolly ; " my luggage must have come home by that time." I see. You sent the luggage on before, and came by a later train ?" "No, I didn't. I stopped half-way between here and Lyndhurst to see some old friends." Flattering for my aunt, said MabeL "I should have thought she was your oldest friend." \- " Of course she has the prior claim, But as I was going to hand myself over to her bodily at 7 o'clock, to be specified about, and rendered generally ridiculous, after the manner of young men who come of age, I felt I was entitled to do what I liked in the interval." " And therefore you went to the Tempests," said Mabel, with her blue eyes sparkling. " I see. That is what you do when you do what you like." " Precisely. I am very fond of Squire Tempest. When I first rode to hounds it was under his wing. There's my mother beckoning me ; I am to go and do the civil to people." And Roderick walked away from the ottoman to the spot where his mother stood, with the Duke of Dovedale at her side, receiving her guests. It was a very grand party, in the way of blue blood, landed estates, diamonds, lace, satin and velvet, and self-importance. All the magnates of the soil within accessible distance of Briar- wood had assembled to do honor to Rorie's coming of age. The dining tables had been arranged in a horse-shoe, so as to accommodate seventy people in a room which in its every-day condition would not have been too large for thirty. The orchids and ferns upon this horseshoe table mode the finest floricultural show that had been seen for a long time. There were rare specimens from New Grenada and the Philippine Islands, wondrous flowers lately discovered in the Sierra Madre ; blossoms of every shape and color from the Cordilleras ; richest varieties of hue, golden yellow, glowing crimson, creamy white ; butterfly flowers and pitcher shaped flowers, that had cost as much money as prize pigeons, and seemed as worthless, save to the connoisseur in the article. The Vawdrey racing plate, won by non-oñÍTVÍ;4.vír?r!<ífntller> was nowhere by comparison with those woman..." ?"""¡""i t,u.n"mR that fairy forest of fern. Everybody talked about the orchids, confessed his comparative ignorance of the subject, and complimented Lady "The orchids made the bit of the evening," Rope said afterwards. " It was their coming of age, not mine." There was a moderate and endurable amount of speechifying by-and-by, when the monster double crowned pines had been cut, and the purple grapes, that were almost as big as pigeons' eggs, had gone round. The Duke of Dovedale assured his friends that the was one of the proudest moments of his life and that if Providence had permitted a son of his own to attain his majority he, the duke, could have hardly felt more deeply than he felt to day. He had-arra-arra-known this young man from childhood, and-had-ei- um-never found him guilty of a mean action--or-arra discovered in him a thought unworthy of an English gentleman. _ This last is felt to be a strong point, as it implies that an English gentleman must needs are much better than any other gentleman. A. Continental gentleman might, of course, be guilty of an unworthy thought and yet pass current, according to the loose morality of his nation. But the English article must be flawed thus the duke meanders on for five minutes or so, and there is a subdued gush of approval and then an uncomfortable little pause, did,.." write gets up "" ^ Place- next to the duchess, and returns thanks. things Jill how fond he of 'them and H" JL-1^ bred them- HE He means to be a Howfr 8qWi?Vpure "Bd simply. a he can. Safes noJh,.eber ambition than to be useful wbJchVrn,f,,00d it this little spot of England and by his plea him for his spirit and h" ,' we should SS into Parliament by abyss he has some thoughts of attempting to do, it will be in their interests that he will join that noble body of legislators that it will be them and their benefit he will have always nearest at heart. a ' ' ' ' " There is not a tree in the forest that I do not love," cried Rorie, fired with, his theme, and, forgetting to stammer ; "and I believe there is not a tree, from the Twelve Apostles to the Knightwood Oak, of a patch of some from Picket post to Stony Cross, that I do not know as well as I know the friends round me to night. I was born in the forest, and may I live and die and be buried here. I have just come back from seeing some of the finest scenery in- Europe ; yet, without blushing for my want of a poetry, I will confess that the awful grandeur of those snow clad mountains did not touch my heart so deeply as our beeches glades and primose-carpeted bottoms close at home." There was a burst of applause after Rorie's speech that made all the orchids shiver, and nearly annihilated a thirty guinea Odoutoglossum Vexillaiium, His talk about the forest, trifle' vain as it might be, went home to the hearts of the neighboring land-owners. But by-and-by, in the drawingroom, when he rejoined his cousin, he found that fastidious young lady by no means complimentary. ' " ' "Your speech would have been capital half a century ago, Rorie," she said, "and you don't arrangers as poor papa does, which is something to be thankful for, but all that talk about the forest' seemed to 'me on anachronism. People are not rooted in their native soil nowadays, as they used to be in the old stage-coach times, when it was a long day's journey to London. One might as' well be a vegetable at once if one is to be pinned down to one particular set of earth. Why, the Twelve Apostles," exclaimed Mabel, innocent of irreverence, for she meant certain ancient oaks so named, " see as much of life as your fine old English gentleman. Men have wider ideas nowadays. The world is hardly big enough for ambition." "I would rather live in a field, and strike my roots deep down like one of those trees, than be a homeless nomads with a world-wide ambition," answered Rorie. " I have a passion for home." " Then I wonder you spend so little time in it." " Oh, I don't mean a home inside four walls. The forest is my home, and Briarwood is no dearer to me than any other spot in' it." " Not so dear as the Abbey House, perhaps ?" " Well no. I confess that the fine old Tudor mansion pleases me better than this abode of straight lines and French windows, plate-glass and gilt mouldings." They sat side by side upon the amber ottoman, Rorie with Mabel's blue feather fan in his hands twirling and twisting it as he talked, and doing more damage to that elegant article in a quarter of an hour than 9 a twelvemonth's legitimate usage would have done. People looking at the pretty pair smiled significantly, and concluded that it would be a match, and went home and told less privileged people about the evident attachment between the duke's daughter and the young commoner. But Rome was not strongly drawn towards his cousin this evening. It seemed to him that she was growing more and more of a paragon and he hated paragons. She played presently, and afterwards sang some French chansons. Both playing and sing- ing were perfect of their kind. Rosie did not understand Chopin, and thought there was a good ! deal of unnecessary hopping about the piano in that sort of thing nothing concrete, or that came to a focus ; a succession of airy meanderings, a fairy dance in the treble, a goblin hunt in the brass. But the French chansons, the dainty little melodies with words of infantine innocence, all about leaves and birds, and birds' nests and butterflies, pleased him infinitely. He hung over the piano with an enraptured air and again his friends made note of his subjugation, and registered the fact for future discussion. Charter V. now she took the news. It was past midnight when the Tempest carriage drove through the dark rhododendron shrubberies up to the old Tudor porch. There was a great pile of logs burning in the hall, giving the home-comers cheery welcome. There was an antique Silver Bphit stand with its accompaniments of one little table on the opposite side of the hearth for Mrs. Tempest, with a dainty tea-service sparkling and shining in the red glow. A glance at these arrangements would have told you that there were old servants at the Abbey House, servants who know their master's and mistress' ways, and for whom service was more or less a labor of love. " How nice !" said the lady, with a contented sigh. " Pauline has thought of my cup of tea "And Forbes has not forgotten my soda water," remarked the squire. He said nothing about the brandy, which he was pouring into the tall glass with a liberal hand. Pauline came to take off her mistress' cloak, and was praised for her thoughtfulness about the tea, and then dismissed for the night. The squire liked to stretch his legs before his own fireside after dining out and with the squire, as with Mrs Squeers, the leg stretching process involved the leisurely consumption of a good deal of brandy and water. Mr. and Mrs. Tempest talked over the Briar- wood dinner party, and arrived- with perfect good nature-at the conclusion that it had been a failure. " The dinner was excellent, said the squire, " but the wine went round too slowly ; my glasses were empty half the time. That's always the way where you've a woman at the helm, She won't put out enough wine, and she won't trust her servants with the keys of the cellars." " The dresses were lovely," said Mrs. Tempest, " but everyone looked bored. How did you like my dress, Edward 1 think it's rather good style. Theodore will charge me horribly for it, I daresay." "I don't know much about your dress, Pain, but you were the prettiest woman in the room." " Oh, Edward, at my age I" exclaimed Mrs. Tempest, with a pleased look, " when there was that lovely Lady Mabel Ashbourne's." Do you call her lovely I don't. Lips too thin ; waist too slim ; two much blood, and too little bone." " Oh, but surely, Edward, She is grace itself ; quite an ethereal creature. If Violet had more of that refined air" Heaven forbid. Vixen is worth twenty such fine-drawn misses. Lady Mabel has been spoiled by over training." Roderick is evidently in love with her," suggested Mrs. Tempest, pouring out another cup of tea. The clock, had just struck two, the household was at rest, rue high drama and ruches merrily, the red light shining on those mail-clad effigies in the corners, lightning up helm and hauliers, glancing on greaves and gauntlets. It was an hour of repose and gossip which the squire dearly loved. Hush ! what is this creeping softly down the old oak staircase ? A slender white figure with cloudy hair; a small pale face, and two dark eyes shining with excitement ; little feet in black velvet slippers tripping lightly upon the polished oak Is it a ghost ? No ; ghosts are noiseless, and those little slippers descend from stair to stair with a gentle pit-a-pat. " Bless my soul and body I" cried the squire ; " what's this ?" A gUBh of girlish laughter was his only answer. " Vixen 1" " Did you take me for a ghost, papa ?" cried Violet, descending the last five stairs with a flying leap, and then bounding across the hall to perch, light as a bird, upon her father's knee. " Did I really frighten you ? Did you think the good old Abbey House was going to set up a family ghost ; a white lady, with a dismal history of a broken heart ? You darling papa ! I hope you took me for a ghost I" "Well, upon my word, you know, Vixen, I was just the least bit staggered. Your little white figure looked like something uncanny against the black oak balustrades, half in light, half in shadow." " How nice 1" exclaimed Violet. "But, my dear Violet, what can have induced you to come down stairs at such an hour ?" said Mrs. Tempest in an aggrieved voice, "I want to hear all about the party, mamma," answered Vixen coaxingly. "Do you think I could sleep a wink on the night of Rorie's coming of age ! I heard the joy-bells ringing in my ears all night." "That was very ridiculous," said Mrs. Tempest, for there were no joy-bells after 11 o'clock yesterday." " But they rang all the same, mamma. It was no use burying my head in the pillows ; those bells rang the louder. Ding-dong,' ding-dong doll, Rorie's come of age ; ding-dong, dell, Rorie's twenty-one. Then I thought of the speeches that would be made, and I fancied I could hear Rorie speaking. Did he make a good speech, papa ?" " Capital, Vix ; the only one that was worth hearing." " I am so glad I And did he look handsome while he was speaking ? I think the Swiss sunshine has rather overlooked him, you know ; but he is not unbecomingly brown." " He looked as handsome a young fellow as you need wish to set eyes on" " My dear Edward," remonstrated Mrs. Tempest, languidly, " do you think it is quite wise of you to encourage Violet in that kind of talk ?" " Why should she not talk of him She never had a brother, and he stands in the place of one to her, Isn't Done the same to you as an elder brother, Vix J" The girl's head was on her father's shoulder, one slim arm round his neck, her face hidden against the squire's coat collar. He could not see the deep warm blush that dyed his daughter's cheek at this home question. " I don't quite know what an elder brother would be like, papa. But I'm very fond of Rorie when he's nice and comes to see us before anyone else, as he did to-day." '" " And when he stays away ?" "Oh, then, I hate him awfully," exclaimed Vixen, with such energy that the slender figure trembled faintly as she spoke. "But tell me all about the party, mamma. Your dress was quite the prettiest I am sure !" " I'm not certain of that, Violet," answered Mrs. Tempest with grave deliberation, as if the question were far too serious to be answered lightly. " There was a cream-colored silk, with silver bullion fringe that was very striking. As a rule, I detest gold or silver trimmings ; but this was really elegant. It had an effect like moonlight." " Was that Lady Mabel Ashbourne's dress J" asked Vixen, eagerly. > " No ; Lady Mabel wore blue gauze-the very palest blue all puffings and mellings like a cloud." " Oh, mamma ! the clouds have no puffings and ruchings." " My dear, I mean the general effect-a sort of shadowy ness which suits Lady Mabel's ethereal style." " Ethereal !" repeated Violet thoughtfully ; " you seem to admire her very much, mamma." " Everybody admires her, my dear." " Because she is a duke's only daughter." , "No ; because she is very lovely, and extremely elegant and most accomplished. She played and sang beautifully to-night" " What did she play, mamma ?" " Chopin I" " Did she !" cried Vixen. " Then I pity her. Yes, even if she were my worst enemy I should still pity her." " " People who are fond of music don't mind difficulties," said Mrs. Tempest. " Don't they Then I suppose I'm not fond of it, because I shirk my practice. But I should be very fond of music if I could grind it on a barrel organ." 4 " Oh, Violet, when will you be like Lady Mabel Ashbourne ?" " Never, I devoutly hope," said the squire. Here the Squire gave his daughter 'a huge which might mean anything. " Never, mamma," answered Violet with conviction. " First and foremost, I never can be lovely, because I have red hair and a wide mouth. Secondly I can never be elegant-much less ethereal because it isn't in me. Thirdly, I shall never be accomplished, for poor Miss M Croke is always giving me up as the saddest lot in the way of pupils that over came in her way." "If you persist in talking in that horrible way, Violet-" "Let her talk as she likes, Pam," said the fond father. "I won't have her batted too heavily." x 2 Mrs. Tempest gave her gentle sigh of resigna- tion. The squire was all that is dear and good as husband and father, but refinement was out of his line. " Do go on about the party, mamma. Did Rorie seem to enjoy himself very much ?" " I think so. He was very devoted to his cousin all the evening. I believe they are engaged to be married. " Mamma !" exclaimed Vixen, starting up from her reclining attitude upon her father's shoulder, and looking intently at the speaker ; " Rorie engaged to Lady Mabel Ashbourne !" "So I am told," replied Mrs. Tempest. "It will be a splendid match for him." The pretty choBtuut head dropped back in to its old place upon the Squire's shoulder, and Violet answered never a word. " Past 2 o'clock !" cried her mother. " This is really too dreadful. Come, Violet, you and I must go upstairs at any rate." " We'll all go," said the squire, finishing his second brandy and soda, So they all three went upstairs together. Vixen had grown suddenly silent and sleepy. She yawned dolefully, and kissed her mother and father at the end of the gallery, without a word; and then scudded off, swift as a scared rabbit, to her own room. " God bless her !" exclaimed the squire, " she grows prettier and more winning every day." "If her mouth were only a little smaller," sighed Mrs. Tempest. " It's the prettiest mouth I ever saw upon woman-bar one," said the squire. What was Vixen doing while the fond father was praising her. She had locked her door, and thrown herself face downwards on the carpet, and was sobbing as if her heart would break. Rorie was going to be married. Her little kingdom had been overturned by a revolution, her little world had crumbled all to pieces. Till to-night she had been a queen in her own mind, and her kingdom had been Rorie, her subjects had begun and ended in Rorie. All was over. He belonged to someone else. She could never tyrannise over him again never scold him and abuse him and ridicule him any more. He was her Rorie no longer. Had she over thought that a time might come when he would be something more to her than playfellow and friend ? No, never. The young bright mind was too childishly simple for any such foresight or calculation. She had only thought that he was in some wise her property, and would be so till the end of both their lives. He was hers, and he was very fond of her, and she thought him a rather absurd young fellow, and looked down upon him from the altitude of Her cUtmitiU womanliness. And now he was gone. The earth had opened all at once and swallowed him, like that pro- phetic gentleman in the Greek play whose name she could never remember chariot and horses and all. He belonged henceforth to Lady Mabel Ashbourne, She could never be rude to him any more. She could not take such a liberty with another young lady's lover. " And to think that he should never have told me he was going to be married to her !" she said " He must have been fond of her from the very beginning and he never said a word and he let me think he rather liked me-or at least tolerated me. And how could he like two people who are the very antipodes of each other ? If he is fond of her be must detest me. If he respects her he must despise me." The thought of such treachery rankled deep in the young warm heart. Vixen started up to her feet, and stood in the midst of the first room, with clenched fists, like a young fury. The light chestnut tresses should have been Medusa's snakes to have harmonised with that set white face. God had given Violet Tempest a heart to feel deeply, too deeply for perfect peace, or that angelic softness which seems to us most worthy in woman-the power to suffer and be patient. [TO BE CONTINUED ] Cap That Johnson, on first coming to Pembroke College, Oxford, was poor and hardly able to keep up a decent appearance. An acquaintance, meeting him one day, observed, ' Why, Johnson, your shoes are capped !' " " Capped ?" answered Johnson, promptly ; "Well, and why shouldn't they be aren't they fellows ?" " If I should marry Eliza Jane," said the prospective son-in-law, " I should frankly confess one thing in advance I am of rather a hasty temper and apt to get mad without cause." " Oh, That'll be all right," blandly replied the dear old lady : " I shall go and live with you, and I'll see that you always have cause," 