EREE PENS OP TEE PRESS. ("^OLES" OF THE AUSTRALASIAN.) My dear Sir, I am constrained to disagree with you. I cannot attribute the subjoined to a reckless use of Pearson's grammar, nor nnn J see my way to connect it with the spelling qualifications of the Minister of Education. The photographic picture of the scene cf the police murders which you men tion as visible in Bourke-street, with the in scription " Where the troopers where shot," . is an apparent sacrifice of orthography upon the alter of emphasis by repetition. After three years' faithful service, a shep herd changed hi3 employment, leaving his savings—some £70—in the hands of his late master, Mr Splitcmtealeaf, the well-known and wealthy owner of 100,000 ewes and wethers. Some two years elapsed, and then old Macleod wrote for his money. In the ab sence of Mr S. the manager referred to the hooks, and finding that the demand was a just one, forwarded a cheque for the amount, not, however. adding any interest. When the master returned, and was regaling him self with an inspection of accounts, he ob \- served the shepherd's account squared, and enquired, "Has Macleod been here?" esNo," replied the manager; "he wrote for his money, and I sent him a cheque in a registered letter." "But," said Mr S., " that would cost 6d, and I do not see any . deduction froni him." "Oh, I just charged it to the station account," rejoined the manager. " Charged it to the station ac count, sir!" screamed Mr S. ; "why the devil did you do that ? You ought to have known better. This sort of thing accounts , - for your infernally heavy expenditure, sir." The ingenious manager of an unsuccessful mine, who has been writing elaborate and geally difficult weekly* reports for many years, now offers this suggestive encourage® !" ment, which does not seriously compromise him in case of disappointment, viz., "The meeting of a large body of quartz at an early 4&te; would not be a surprise." I don't suppose that it is dne to any con fusion of ideas arising out of the Bishop's attendance at the performance of "The TTo* equal Match." bnt it is a fact that a little girl, aware that a visit to the pantomime was on the family programme for the same evening, followed her progenitor to the gate aad said, "Papa, do engsge front pews." An action of an extraordinary character is threatened. A lady fron this side of the Straits paid Hobart Town a visit, and lodged in a honse which, I believe, had formerly been used as military barracks. She became conscious of a nightly v*sitant,^ who, she concluded, mnst be immaterial and ghostly. Her hnsband, who followed her to Tasmania, was similarly afflicted by'a like hallucina tion. They subsequently mentioned the dis turbance of their rest by the apparition, which was said to be in the form of a young woman with a baby in her arms, an "un fortunate Miss Bailey," with Tasmanian affi nities. The result is an alleged injury to the business of the boardinghotse,* and a claim of £250 for damages. The defendants will, I snppose, have thrown upon tliem the onus of. proving the ghost, which may not be so easy, in daylight, to the satisfaction of twelve unimaginative tradesmen in a "jury box. - • A prospective marriage which had lately been mnch talked of, between a young lady resident in Melbourne and one of the richest landowners in the colonies, has been broken offi It was reported that the breach of con tract had been compromised .by a substan tial compensation. But I have been in formed that retainers from loth sides have been tendered to a leading tarrister within the last few days, which locks like a sensa tion for the newspapers. A thoroughpaced "Victoriar, with a large infusion of .New Soath Wales self- compla cency, lately visited South Australia. He. found fault with every thing. Ofhisturfclesoap he said, "Why mutton broth in Melbourne is much better." Of S. A. hock be said that Melbonrpe-brewed ale was far superior. His hotel being full, an excellent couch was pre pared for him in a large aitfcinuroom. " Humph," he growled; " why, a back kit chen in Melbonrne would be better than this." In the room was a fish globe contain some rare specimens of fresh water cray fish. - One of these had by some means es caped from the globe, and found its ivay to the floor. As the visitor was about stepping into bed his foot was seized in a powerful claw. Shouting " What's this?" to the waiter who was passing the door, the latter said, " Oh, that's an Adelaide flea—I don't think yon can beat tltal in Melbourne!" ' ("Alliens" OF THE LEADEK.) The lady who lately advertised for the services of a " plain female cook" need not have proclaimed her jealousy to the world. Of conrse if experience of her husband's susceptibility had taught her the danger of having good looking servants she was quite right in endeavoring to procure a cook as ugly us the great-great-granddaughter of the witch of Endor; or aB repulsive as Caliban's -mamma. Bnt she surely might have accom plished this without exposing her husband's foible and her own weakness in print. . The Mr Jennings who recently announced in the columns of the Melbourne Aye the birth of his seventy-fifth grandchild is a rentable Victorian patriarch. He and his children are evidently no adherents to the tenets of Malthus. What a glorious num ber for a family gathering at Christmas time ! Perhaps Mr Jennings has brothers and sisters, who again may have children ana grandchildren, in which case the num ber of the family would indeed be legion Her Majesty the Queen is wont, I believe, to generously recognise any extraordinary individual contribution to the census roll of Great Britain, and I think it would not be °n'i T i P^ace ^ 'he Victorian Government marked the sense of obligation which the colony owes to Mr Jennings for having so well complied with the precedent laid down by Goldsmith, "that the honest man' who marries and brings up a family does more good to the state -than be who remains srngle, and only talks about the increase of population." Servant-girlism still lives in Victoria. A lady of my acquaintance persuaded a servant who-came to her lately to keep honse while she joined a family gathering at "the house of her parents. The mistress returned about seven o clock, and found Mary Ann with a male companion in the kitchen in a state of hilarity not to he wondered at considering the empty wine bottles on the table. The mistress retired to her own room, where she was soon disturbed by a knock at the door. Mary Anne presented herself with a smile saying, "If yon are lonely you had better step into the kitchen. I will introduce you to my mend ; yon will find him very good company, and not a bit stack up." That .errant girl did not cook the next day's dinner. 