CATHOLIC EDUCATION. PASTORAL LETTER. We have received a copy of a Pastoral Letter of tire Archbishop 'and Bishops exercising jurisdiction in New South Wales. It will be road, in the various Roman Catholic Churches throughout tho colony next Sunday, but having received permission to publish it, we give tlie following extracts "To our Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and the Faithful under our Jurisdiction. "Health and Benediction ia the Lord Jesu- Christ — llaviug been convinced by many signs 1'ro.m many quarters that existing dangers to Catholic education are steadilv increasing, so as to become absolute perils to religion, -and - that unfairness to Catholics is developing into absolute injustice ; we, the Archbishop and Bishops having jurisdiction in New South Wales, who are rusponsiblS to God for the souls of parents and children confided to our care, deemed it our duty to meet and take counsel together regarding the present condition of affairs, so that we might then, by the authority or our united voice, instruct, warn, and direct, you us to your position and vour duties with regard to the education of Catholic children. " The erection of costly Public schools in every direction, which is continually going on ; the steady, systematic way in which our Denominational schools are being weakened and extinguished ; the treatment of Catholics at Riindwick and; tho Benevolent Asy lum ; the prospect of secularist Grammar schools springing up at the public expense in Maitland, Goul- burn, and Bathhrst ; of a secularist high school, for girls being established in Sydney, and partially en dowed by the Government ; of £1500 a-year being spent for five years on the education at Grammar schools of boys exclusively from Public schools ; this lavish expenditure of public money on one section of the community, to the exclusion of others. who cannot in conscience avail themselves of it, is, in a free com munity like our own, where all are equally taxed, a species of injustice which cannot be submitted to in silence. " And more than this. This expenditure on god less education, this studding the colony with schools which the Church knows from experience will, in course of time, fill the country with indifferontists, not to speak of absolute infidels : this use of Catholic funds — of taxes paid out of . Catholic pockets — for establishing a system of education throughout tlie land, which not merely Catholics cannot safely make use of, but which they firmly believe is calculated to sap the foundations of Christianity, is an act so galling to every feeling of fair play that we do not see how any free man, with any spirit in him, can allow it to pass unchallenged. " Not merely as bishops of the Catholic Church, but as citizens of a free country which boasts that even-handed justice is dealt out to all its tax-payers, we emphatically lay claim to our share of that snme even- handed justice; and believe it.to be the duty of the Catholic body not to rest -until they have hee'i placed on an equal footing with their fellow- colonists. We, Catholics, who represent one- third of the population, do not ask for or seek one jot or tittle more consideration than our fellow tax payers receive ; and we do not see .why we -should be content with one jot or tittle less. "Let it he borne in mind that this is distinctly a religious question. With politics, as such, it was never our taste to meddle. We prefer to do our work in peace, and avoid the contention of rival parties. But when not justice alone, hut the future of religion itself is essentially bound up with a certain position ; when the question of education is in point of fact the great religious question of tbe day; we should he prevaricating against our bonndeu duty, and should prove ourselves unfitted for our trust, were we to hold our peace ; did we not, at the present juncture, set forth tho teaching of rite Church with great distinctness, and point out to you, dearly beloved, with unmistakable clearness, your duties as interpreted by' that teaching." Tbe Pastoral Letter then sets forth the fundamental principles and doctrines, of the Church-as taught by Christ ; review-B the efforts of paganism " to civilize the heart, instruct the conscience, and direct the will," which are pronounced to have beeii failures ; aud it is maintained that on the teachings of Christianity "all civilization and legislation, all morality, public, social, ami private, are founded." The letter then continues : — " Now we are hound both by the natural and the revealed law to cducato children in the knowledge of God, iu His love, and in His commandments. As Christians we are bound to educate them ill the full revelation of Jesus Christ, and to procure for tliem those blessings and gifts which tlio Christian Church alone lias the power to bc3tow. By the law of nature parents are bound to train their children ; and by the law of Christiiinity tlie Church is hound to see that parents do their duty. And whilst father and mother, on the one hand, are obliged, under strict obligation, thus to rear their children from the dawning of their reason, tlie Church is bound, on the other hand, to complete the work which tho parents have begun. Go ye there fore and teacli' (or inako disciples of) ' all nations, bap tizing thciu in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatever f have commended you,' is her commission. Here the duty is imposed upon her, and she receives the necessary gifts and powers. Tims both parents and the Church inculcate the same class of teaching ; they are ill perfect harmony ; tho education of the child at its mother's knee is not undone in the Christian schools, but developed aud completed. Through the whole period tlio graces and influences of Christianity are operating on the inner life of the Christian child ; the heart, the conscience, and the will, are being moulded for life; and the entire being, body, soul, and senses, tho complete per sonality becomes saturated by a civilization of which Christianity alone can be the origin. "Thus it is self-evident - that education without Christianity is impossible : you may call it instruc tion, filling the mind with a certain quantity of secular knowledge, but you cannot dignify it with the name education ; for religion is an- essential part of education ; and to divorce religion or Christianity from education is . to return to paganism, and to reject the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Thus it is that the Church condemns, with marked emphasis, those schools, and that method of teaching in which the religious element is divorced from the secular. She knows that instruction is not education ; and that a system of national training from which Christianity is banished is a system of practical paganism, which leads to corruption of to morals and loss of faith, national effeminacy and to national dishonour. " It ia not, therefore, surprising that Pope Pius IA. should have issued the following weighty instruction, which our Catholic people aud our Protestant states men would do well to ponder ou. In it they will find no new doctrine, but the old teaching of tho Church, which springs from .immovable principles of religion. 'The greatest injury is inflicted on society,' says tho supremo Pontiff,' ' when the directing nud salutary power of tho Church is withdrawn from public and private education on which the happiness of the Church aud of the commonwealth depends so much. For thus society is little by little deprived of that truly Christian spirit which alone can permanently secure the foundation of peace and public order, and promote and direct tho true and useful progress of civilization, nnd give man those helps which are necessary for him in order to attain after this life his last end. And in truth a svstem of teaching which, not only is limited to the know ledge of natural things, and docs not pass beyond the bounds of our lifo on earth, hut also departs from the truth revealed by God, must necessarily lie guided by the spirit of error and untruth ; and edu cation which, without tlie aid of Christian doctrine, and of its salutary moral precepts, instructs tlie mind and moulds the tender heart of youth, which is so prone to evil, must iufallibly produce a generation which will have no guide hut its own wicked passions and wild conceits, and which will he a source of greatest misfortunes to tho commouweath and their own families. Who does uot see that the same system will give rise to still greater evils if it he introduced into the primary schools, .... Those who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend licr control and her salutary, action upon tho primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey tho commands of her Divine Author, and to he false lo the charge she reeoived from God of guiding all men to salvation ; and iii whatever country this pernicious design of removing tlio schools from ecclesiastical authority should lie entertained and carried into execution, and the young thereby exposed ; to tho danger of losing their fnith, there tlio Church would ho iu duty bound not only to use her best efforts and to employ uvcrv mcaiiB to secure for them the neces sary Christian cducntion and instruction, hat more over would fool herself obliged In mint all IhcjIhUliful, and to declare that no one can iu conscience frequent such schools as being ndvei-BO to the Catholic Church." After quoting from a Pastoral Letter of the English Bishops, tlie present ono proceeds— " Such, thou, being the emphatic teaching of the Catholic Church, wo, the archbishop and bishops of this colony, with all the weight of our authority, condemn the principle of secularist education, and those schools which are founded on that principle. We condemn them, first, because they contravene the first - principles of the Christian religion ; and, secondly, because they are seedplots of future immorality, infidelity, and lawlessness, being calculated to debase the standard of human excellence, and to corrupt the political, social, and individual life of future citizens. Where fore wo urge our clergy to do all in their power, ill the pulpit and out of it, to instruct the people in these teachings of the Christian religion. They should not rest till each member of their congregation fully realizes tho true position of affairs. They should bring before tlie minds of parents the terrible calamity to their children in exposing thorn to loss of faith, and morals, and endeavour to make them feel that they could not do a greater service to religion, or to tho State tluiiv to upset, by constitutional . means, a system which, whilst it is a crying injustice to them selves, promises to ho a source of incalculable evil to the colony. Let them, moreover, warn parents, who, through a spirit of indifference ' or worldliness, arh exposing their children to proximate danger of perversion nnd of ruin, that thoy arc tempting tlio anger of tho Almighty God; and that they are jeopardizing the faith, the morality, tlio eternal happiness of those who' itro too young to .help Ithemselves,. and who have been .confided by nature : itself to their guardianship and ' protection. Lot; them often remind the people thai they are gravely responsible if they give encouragement to such schools, for, by so doing, thoy are helping to perpetuate a great evil, and arc standing as obstacles in the way of Christian men wild nro bent on bringing about a change, Let oiio and all remember what their fathers of olll suffered for tho faith, aud lot them ; not show thoiiiselvcs mi worthy of tlicir own flesh and inood — flesh which was freely wounded, and blood which wns freely spl it;- rather than betray Christian principlo or compromise Christian faith. : We are profoundly conscious that n latent sense of fair play exists ill the community at large. Let all Catholics unite in bringing before tho miuda of their fellow-electors, aud their representatives ia , Parlia ment, these two facts, first, tluit Catholics have to pay for schools which thoy cannot safely' use, and which .they consider an evil to the country-; nud, secondly, .that' whilst they nro' thus mnde -to pay, noAcqunl pro vision has hoen mnde for thoui ;'lot the country fully comprehend our grievances, and u ( sonse of common, even-handed justice will nssist lis in working out a remedy. . Would secularists hold their peace, if, without equal provision being made for tliem, public treasure were lavished on Catholic Grammar Schools, and Catholic Friinary Schools, whilst £7500 were spent on the training of hoys, ex clusively from Catholic institutions ? Would they not liolu that they were being treated with extraor dinary injustice and uufnirncss ? And would not the whole world agree with thein ? » » » ' Tho State may declare, and statesmen may teach, that the secularist system is not adverse to Christianity and to the Catholic religion. But. ill matters of religion, are Catholics to he guided by the world or by tbe Church ? Does uot the Church know her own true interests best ? Has not she had experience of centuries, iu point of time ; and nil over the world, in point of space? Arc not her professed opponents on the side of secularist education, and do not her best friends range themselves upon the Christian side? And to conic to facts, has the secularist system, so far as it has gone, fostered anil developed a Christian spirit? lias not tho Catholic episcopate, in various quarters of tho world, found that its direct tendency is to quench such a spirit. ? What is our own experience, and that of the Catholic clei-gy in this colony? To their shame, it .must bo said, some of our people do send their children to Public schools. What is the deliberate conclusion wo have arrived at with regard to such children ? That there is n marked difference between them nnd children who have been educated in Catholic schools. Their fnith is visibly enfeebled, not to allude to their morality ; their man ners are rough and irreverent ; thoy have little sense of respect and gentleness ; they have 110 at traction for prayer or for the sacraments ; and promise to swell a class whieli is already far too large in number. Our clergy look on tho future ot such wild, uncurbed children with grave misgivings." The pastoral then points out that there is no I country in tlio world where Catholics should he more I careful about their children than in New South Wales, and adds : — „ . , " It may he interjected that some Catholics do not disapprove of Public schools, for a certain number of Cntliolic children are going to them. We reply, be cause a certain' 'number of Catholics do what is wrong, that is no reason why we should not condemn what is wrong, aud teach tliem what is right. We declaim against and condemn intemperance, and we declaim against and condemn secularist education ; and we are led to do ' so all tho more strenuously in proportion as we are inclined to fear that Catholic.- are beginning to feel less and less horror nt drunkenness and infidelity. ' The Church is uot ruled or guided by the practices or corrupt views of had, or indifferent, or ignorant Catholics ; but by the successor of St. Peter, and the bishops of the Church who nre in communion with him. So long as Catho lics obey/in faith and morals, tho voice that speaks with this authority, they will be safe ; to listen to and follow, in such matters, any other voico, is to plunge into darkness, and, finally, to make shipwreck of the faith. , . What, then, are our practical recommendations ? I.: First, lot all parents love their children's souls as the apple of their eye. Let them hear in uiind their grave responsibility in the sight of God( with regard to the Catholic education of their children. Let parents, from tlioir children's earliest . years, teach thein to pray ; and until they are fit for school, excr- ciso thorn in Catholic practices, and fill them with Catholic thoughts, and foster within them Catholic instincts,' aiid, hv example _ as well as word, systematically mould them to piety, faith, purity, love, and reverence. Lot . all (iiirents look . npon'eareieasiioss or neglect in these duties as matter for confession, and as a cause for grave spiritual alarm. "II. Secondly, let parents send" their children, when of fit ago, exclusively' to Catholic schools. Let them regard all other schools as uo places for their children, who have to learn before everything else to save their souls and who should.be .sedulously pre pared, by breathing a Catholic atmosphere, by living amidst Catholic teachers and companions, and by an exclusively Catholic training, for encountering the perils of tho world into which they will eventually he thrown. " III. Thirdly, let all Catholic parents know that tliey cannot, without serious guilt, place their children in proximate danger of perversion. Let them bear in mind that to do so is to set at defiance the teachings of the Catholic Church ; and that, unless there bo exceptional reasons, and the danger be remote, of which things tho Church is the judge, no confessor can absolve such parents as are willing to expose their children's souls to the blighting influences of an alien creed or a secularists system. " IV. Fourthly, lot those who are so unhappy as to be sending their children at the present moment to Public schools withdraw them as soon as pos sible. Let them examine their children's religious in stincts and moral condition ;and if, as is to be expected, they find faith and morals weakened, and the germs of lawlessness apparent, then let them, with great anxiety, do all they can to redeem the time and to remedy the evil. Let them especially prepare such children for the sacraments, teach them to hear mass devoutly, to say their morning and night prayers punctually, to make our Lord their model, to pray to our Blessed Lady, to love the Holy See, and to he obe dient, docile, and reverential to all who are placed over them. " V. Fifthly, let the clergy make such instructions as these tlio frequent subject of their sermons and their private exhortations, and let them not weary till godless and non-Catholic schools have been cleared of Catholic children ; and until nil the Catholic children in the district arc receiving a sound Catholic education. " VI. Sixthly, let bishops, priests, and peoplo do all that lies ill them, if necessary nt personal sacri fice, to render their present schools as efficient in every way as possible. so as to be equal in secular in struction to non-Catholic schools, whilst they sur pass them in tho genuine education of the will, tho conscience, and the senses. " I'll. Seventhly, and lastly, whilst strengthening what thoy have, let Catholics unite as one man, and insist, by means of legitimate yet persevering and earnest pressure in the right direction, upon their equal rights with tlioir follow tax-payers. . " What is tho present position of affairs ? _ Catho lics are paying for the support of schools which tliey can neither approve of, nor make use of, whilst no analogous provision has been made for them. "We may be met with the cry of the 'religious; difficulty.' We admit tho religious difficulty;; but that dillicnlty is aggravated, not solved or mitigated by nets of extraordinary unfairness to n large section of the community. "The 'religious difficulty' exists ill Ireland, and still more in England. But whilst thcCatholics of Ireland are receiving a larger share of justice as days go by, the Catholics of this colony are receiving a less and less share of justice. Whilst the small Catholic minority in England is rejoicing, with regard to education, in even- lmnded justice, we, here, are retrograding, and are aggravating that ono-sidedness and unfairness from which tho broad spirit of a growing lilierality has set Protestant England free. Why should the mother country hold a monopoly of evcii-huudcduess ? Why should not wo walk in tlie broad footpath of her legislation on this question ; and learn from her great statesmen hpw to solve ' tho religious difficulty ' by tlie British panacea of fair-play ?" "And how can this principle of fair-play bo applied ? The answer is simplo. Introduce payment by results in place of the present unjust and galling system. According to. this method, whilst 110 creed is subsidized, each section of tho community receives equal assistance with tho other, nccording to ascer tained results (by Government inspcction) of secular teaching. Thus the common funds nre made' use of for what all admit to he a common good. Thus no one can complain. The secularist sect, indeed, would be deprived of a monopoly ; but, then, a widespread irritation, springing from a cruel wrong, would give way to happiness and peace throughout , the colony. Neither Catholic nor Protestant would be called upon to support creeds which they condemn, nor would large annual grants of money be lavished upon one section of the community to tho exclusion of another. There would be one law of fair play and no favouring for all. Those who were equally taxed would be equally treated. Is not this n broad and Intelligible platform, upon which every just and hsncst man would naturally take his stand? If there bo a widespread sense of justice in the land, as wo finnly bcliove there is— Is there not some power amongst us that will I'ouso it into action ? . . . . " Let Catholics rouse themselves up to a sense of their responsibilities; let them bring legitimate pressure to bear in the right quarter ; aud never cease, in their porsovering, tlioir organized impor tunity, until thoy have obtained those rights which no man can refuse tlicin without self-evident injus- lice. " Dearly beloved, 'Watch ye, stand fast m tlie faith, do manfully, aud he strengthened.' ' Keep the unity of the spirit in tlio bond of peace ; one body, one Spirit, as you are called in ono hope of your call ing ; one Lord, one faith, one baptism ; one God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in lis nil, . " May tlio God of peace Himself sanctify you in all tilings, that your whole spirit, and soul, nnd body may he preserved blameless iu the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. " Given at our meeting in Sydnoy, Juno, 1879, and ordered to ho rend in all churches nnd clmpela on Sunday. " Ron Kit Bum:, Archbishop of Sydney, " Mattiikw, Bishop of Bathurst. " .Tajiks, Bishop of Maitlaud. " Wii.i.iam, Bishop of Goulhurn." 