She Brisbane <![Mtt[iq[. PUBLISHED DAILY. Friday, May 16, 1879. The Mayor of Ipswich and his col- I leagues in the deputation which waited on the Minister for Works yesterday, have claims on the sympathy of the entire community. They had to plead the cause of distressed fellow-citizens in whose behalf their feelings were deeply and sincerely interested, and they had to do so under most difficult and discouraging circumstances. In the first place, none knew better than themselves how weak was the case which they had to endeavor to make appear strong, and that it had, in fact, no claims except purely personal ones at the best, and that, while professing to seek justice, they were really asking for State bounty, which could be granted only at serious loss to the whole community. In the second place, they labored under the great disadvantage of knowing that their errand must be utterly bootless. They had read the report of Wednesday night's debate in the Legislative Assembly with the utmost attention, and in that they had seen the arguments they were about to adduce, unsparingly) dissected, and had learned that the Government had fully determined to abide by the position taken up with regard to the clients of the deputation. This may, perhaps, in some degree account for the subdued though earnest tone of their pleading; but, however that may be, they are to be congratulated on the excellent temper and moderation with which they urged their case and tried to carry out the views of the Ipswich meeting. There was an utter absence of the i bounce and fustian written by would-be representatives of the working men of Ipswich ; not a word about " dictating" to the Government, and an evident desire to disavow the mischievous rubbish that has been talked and written about the politico-religious character of the dismissals. The moderation of Mr. Francis and his friends, in fact, suggested agreeable contrasts to the hectoring tone assumed by some Ipswich deputations that we can remember, and evidently made a favorable impression on the Minister for Works. We do not know that it can have any influence in causing the Government to re- consider its action with regard to the men under notice we do not think it can but we feel sure its effect cannot be otherwise than advantageous to those other men whom Mr. Macrossan stated the locomotive superintendent believed could be done without. As far, however, as the action already taken by the Government has gone, the deputation received the plainest intima tion that there would be no going back from it, and the most convincing reasons why there could not be. On the general question of the necessity for strict economy and vigorous retrenchment there was no room for debate, and of course that was taken for granted. The grievance of the deputation was that, there should be re- trenchment in Ipswich, and that so many should suffer from it. As to the first part of this complaint, it was thoroughly answered by pointing out that Ipswich alone was not selected for its operation, and the second part might have been disposed of by pointing out that honest and just re- trenchment was, as a matter of course, on a larger scale and most felt where excessive and unwarrantable expenditure had assumed most extravagant proportions. The plea that wages should be found for the disemployed mon, bec ruse they wanted wages, was very easily disposed of by pointing out that there were some thousands of men in the colony who could make out an equally good case for Government support, and that if the first steps taken in retrenchment were to be retraced, it would render all future progress in that direction either unjust or impossible. It might have been added that the reduction of the number of railway employes ought to have taken place long ago if the department had been administered in the interests of the colony that political partisanship and corruption, under former Governments, was accountable for the huge proportions to which the department had grown, and that, whether our financial position required it or did not do so, justice to the colony and fairplay to the other wage-earners and taxpayers of the colony, demands that the expenditure should be reduced within the dimensions necessary to carry on the work of the department efficiently. Two other modes of meeting the difficulty have been suggested namely, to put the whole of the men on short time or to reduce the wages rates. We think that the Government is justified in rejecting both these propositions. To put all the men on short time might be acceptable to the men who are not wanted at all, but it could not be so to those whose services are required. -It would simply develop a state of chronic dissatisfaction and of agitation to revert to the old state of affairs. It would be pretty sure to develop also the various evils, which we need not here particularise, that always attend the short time system when adopted in the manufacturing towns of England. As to the proposal to reduce the wages rate, we do not think the men themselves ever seriously countenanced it, and we are certain that it would find no sympathy amongst working men throughout the colony. If the Government cuts down wages it not only creates discontent amongst its own em- ployes, but furnishes private individuals with the best possible argument for cutting down wages also, and once down to get them up again would be no easy matter. As to the minor points, that the chiefs of the departments had not recommended the dismissals, and that the rolling-stock being turned out is not in excess of requirements, the deputation had only hearsay to go upon, and the Minister had data and facts which entirely disposed of both. It is not surprising that the deputation which thought itself so well informed on these points, and which expected to find the Minister unprepared to meet them, should have exhibited considerable reserve as to the source from which their information was derived. They now know its unre- liability, but, nevertheless, they were justified in being reticent on the subject, though the persons who misinformed them scarcely deserve so much consideration, as they are apparently "holding with the hare and running with the hounds." But if, as seemed to be the case, the members of the deputation cherish a hope that these dismissals are to be made the subject of enquiry by a Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly they deceive themselves most egregiously. It would be incumbent on any Government having a particle of self-respect to resist such a proposal, even to the length of treating it as a vote of no confidence. Mr. Macrossan said it was a matter for the House to decide, and, while he was right in the abstract, he very well knew that if such a motion was carried the Government could not decently hold office for a single day. But apart from it being a crucial test of the confidence of the House in the present Ministry, we believe a large majority would resist it as an attempt to again exercise that dictation of a few people in Ipswich, from which this colony suffered so long and so bitterly-adroit politicians of the' meaner kinds, deft wire-pullers of the most unscrupulous sort who made themselves necessary to whatever party was in power ; aiding them or thwarting them as they were permitted to plunder the Treasury or as the Treasury was closed against them. The colony has happily grown up too strong for that influence, which saw j its last days of patronage and spoliation under the bitterly to be remembered Thorne regime in the better representa- tion which the northern and western districts' now enjoy, we have amongst' other things the advantage of knowing, that no clique of clever storekeepers can ever again rule the colony for their own i profit. The debate on the Address in reply finished last night, and it has evidently protracted its' existence as long as possible. The speaking was > in marked contrast to that of the two preceding i nights ; the substance was the same, as the original ingredients of a long uncorked bottle of sodawater are the same as when it is first opened. The personal tone imported into the debate at the commencement culminated in the discussion which took place when the proceedings commenced yesterday. The marked animus with which accusations and counter accusations were exchanged | threatened at one time to turn it into something very like an angry scolding match, The remarks of Mr. Archer on the point were apropos; it is to be hoped they will bear fruit. Much of that portion of the main debate which was addressed to general policy consisted of the enunciation of the ideas or political principles of the speakers, with little reference to the Speech itself. There was, as a matter of fact, nothing left to Bay on that subject which had not been already said, and the comments on the remarks of previous speakers were not very interesting outside the Assembly itself. And now that hon., members have relieved themselves of the rumors and accusations which accumulated during the recess, it is to be hoped that they will devote themselves seriously and in a business- like manner to the very important matters which next week will demand their consideration. We are justified in saying that, whether Mr. Bailey's attempts to unseat Mr. Pring succeed or do not, there will ere long be a new election for the Valley. We understand that Mr Pring is very soon to be Attorney-General to the present Government, and will then, of course, have to go to his constituents for re- election. We do not anticipate that he will meet with any opposition in the Valley ; but his connection with the Ministry, and the creation at the present time of a sixth Ministerial salary, are very serious matters which deserve and are sure to receive very Special consideration both in the House and one side of it. j ' Mr. Griffith, in the debate on Tuesday, made a rather happy reference to the sale of forfeited goods in the case of Spriggs by noticing the promised bill for the sale of food and drugs in a pure state, and asking if the latter included spirits. If so, he said, with rather searching sarcasm, the Government had made a bad beginning in going into the spirit trade. The Premier and Colonial Secretary kept vociferating that the Government had nothing to do with the sale, and Mr. Griffith, with well simulated surprise, asked if it was possible that Ministers did not know that all goods forfeited to the Crown were Government property, and that if they were unaware of this fact, and that they alone were responsible for this sale, they were deplorably ignorant of a legal fact. It struck us that Ministers must have had serious misgivings by to their responsibility for the dissemination of this liquor, as none of them ventured any explanation. Their opinion, probably, was that the order of the court was a matter with which they had no business to interfere, but we are inclined to think Mr. Griffith was right, and that the impropriety of the sale really rests entirely with the Executive. The Address in Reply from the Legislative Council to his Excellency the Governor has been engrossed upon vellum by Mr. F. T. F. Keogh, of Queen- street. The work is very neatly done, and highly creditable to all concerned in getting it up. The Lodge of Sorrow in commemoration of the late Provincial Grand Master of the Irish Constitution in Queensland (Sir Maurice O'Connell will be held this evening. Of course, none but Masons can be admitted to the ceremony i but, in order to comply with a generally expressed desire, the lodge-room will be open to-day after 2 o'clock, to allow of an inspection by ladies or other visitors not Masons. At about a quarter to 7 o'clock last evening, a fire, resulting in the destruction of two buildings, broke out in Stanley-street, South Brisbane. It commenced in wooden premises used as a shop and residence by Mr. J. Whittred, general dealer. Mrs. Whittred at the time was at another shop owned by her husband on the opposite site of the street, having left some of her children at home, and a lamp burning in a bedroom and upon running over when the alarm was given, she found this bedroom in flames, The building was an old one, and in an exceedingly short time was one mass of fire, the flames spreading so rapidly that nothing except a few things could be got out of the place. Next to Whittred's shop on the southern side, and only separated from it by a space of two or three feet, was a large two-story building the walls of which were composed partly of galvanised iron and partly of wood, and occupied by Mr. Joel Wilde as a grocery store and residence. The fire rapidly spread to this building, these premises being enveloped in flames, and Whittred's almost burnt to the ground, within twenty minutes from the time the fire was first discovered. There was a westerly wind blowing, and for a time it appeared almost impossible that the buildings on the opposite, side of the street could escape. Fortunately, however, a man named Akea, we believe-who waters the street, and who lives a short distance from the scene of the fire, arrived with his hydrant, and there being a good pressure of water on, he soon began to play upon the buildings endangered with telling effect. At one time a small butcher's shop, close to the premises in which the fire broke out was on fire, and had it gained head- way a large wooden store kept by Mr. C. W. Adams, at the corner of Ernest-street, must have been destroyed. The hydrant, however, was kept manfully at work, and was no doubt the means of saving both this and other property. The Fire Brigade, in charge of Mr. Superintendent Beattie, arrived at a quarter past 1 o'clock, and twoorthreereelaofhose being quickly brought into play, any danger of the fire spreading further was soon removed. Mr. Wilde got the greater portion of the contents of his building out before the fire gained a thorough hold of it, but they were all greatly damaged in the removal, and, notwithstanding his insurance, he anticipates his Jobs will be heavy. The flames, when at their highest were so extensive that people at a distance thought the disaster to be much more serious than it was, and a large crowd of people were very book assembled at the scene. The police were present in force, and did good service in assisting to keep the roof a of adjoining houses wet until the brigade arrived, in removing goods from adjoining stores, and pulling down fences likely to assist in communicating the fire to other premises. Akes deserves every praise for his conduct in getting his hydrant so soon at work, and we regret to learn that his efforts to reach the fire with his burden as quickly as possible were not seconded by a cabman to whom he applied for assistance, only to be refused. Mr. Whittred's premises, stock, and furniture were insured in the United Insurance Company for £300 ; while Mr. Wilde's property was covered by a policy in the New Zealand Company for £500. Weather reports for the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock yesterday morning show a general continuance of bracing airs and cloudless skies throughout the colony; but the weather was threatening at Stanthorpe and Goondiwindi, and light showers were experienced at both the stations named, as well as at St. George. Frost still appears limited in its range, Nanango being the only station where it was experienced, although Dalby and Banana both report cold weather. It was raining at Sydney, but fine at most of the other stations in the same colony. Melbourne also reports showery weather. The cricket match between the Ipswich and Brisbane elevens will be played on the Ipswich ground to-morrow. The names of the metropolitan team will be found in our advertising columns. The players' selected are requested to be at the Brisbane station at half-past 7, as it is intended to make a start by the 7.40 train. An intimation has been received from Mr. Atkinson that the Ipswich ground has been especially prepared for the match, and a good reception has been promised the Brisbanites and as every care has been taken for the pleasure of the visitors, there is little doubt that those who have been fortunate enough to secure a place in the eleven will return to town thoroughly satisfied at their last appearance in the cricket field in the season 1878 1879. THE Carandini company are announced to appear at the theatre to-night for one night only, and they are such old favorites in Brisbane that they are unlikely to require any eulogy from us. The beautiful ballads and glees sung by these accomplished ladies are, by the majority of concert goers, more relished than more severe music, and it is quite safe to predict that as unusual treat awaits their audience to-night. It will be interesting to members of the Presbyterian Church in Queensland, and doubtless to others also, to know that they can obtain from Watson, Ferguson, and Co., of Queen-street, a full and reliable report, in pamphlet form, of the late proceedings and discussions in the Presbytery. Lovers of the fine arts will be well repaid for a visit to the office of the National Association Chambers (over Messrs. Paling, Kaye, and Jefferies'), by viewing a proof engraving of one of Gustave Dora's grandest pictures-" Christ being led to Crucifixion," This beautiful work is shortly destined to adorn the walls of the country residence of one of the members of the council of the association in the meantime it has thus been courteously placed by its owner within reach of ladies and gentlemen of taste in such direction by a visit to the secretary's office as above, A aoOD deal of attention was attracted yesterday by the exhibition, in the window of Messrs. Paling, Kaye and Jefferies' establishment, Queen street, of designs for the new theatre. There were two sets of designs, showing the proposed buildings both externally and internally, and from various " elevations." Both designs give the idea of buildings of very elegant style and proportions, the principal difference between them being, apparently, one of size. Mr. George Browne, CE., and a member of the Victorian Institute of Architects, is the designer, and, we understand, has offers of several different sites in various parts of the city, one of which will probably be decided upon in the course of a few days. When that is done we hope to be able to give particulars respecting the dimensions, cost, and probable time of construction of the building, which will be supervised by one of our local architects. The following notices of motion were tabled at the last meeting of the Municipal Council : By Alderman Byram, That Herbert-street be formed from Wharf-street to Edward-street." By Alderman Graham,-'.' That, in order to procure a sufficient supply of cheap and serviceable metal for the streets of South Brisbane, the stone-crusher be removed to the Corporation quarry, South Brisbane, and a sufficient number of men be employed to keep it at work." By Alderman There, That the watertables in Turbot-street, from Roma-street to George-street, be laid in stone and asphalt." By Alderman M'Master "That watertables in Ann-street, from Brunswick-street to Gibbs-street, be laid with stone and asphalt." By Alderman O'Mara tor,-" That the City Engineer furnish to this council a statement showing the total cost per ton of blue metal supplied by Jenkins from Bundanba ; also the total cost of breaking per ton." The adjourned special general meeting of the members of No. 1 Battery Q.V. Artillery took place at the drill-room, George-street, last evening, There was a full muster, Captain E. H. Webb, who presided, after the minutes of the previous meeting had been read and confirmed, paid a high tribute to the memory of late gunner Welsby. A letter from the brother of the deceased was read, thanking the members of the company for their attendance at the funeral. At Captain Webb's suggestion, in order to place a lasting memento on the records of the battery of the loss sustained by the death of their late comrade, a resolution was passed expressive of the " loss to the corpssustainedby the death of Gunner Edwin Welsby, whose genial manner, unselfish conduct, and readiness for duty at all times, had won the esteem of his comrades." The meeting then proceeded to the election of a lieutenant, vice Bourne, promoted, and there being only one candidate proposed-Acting- lieutenant Robert Unsworth-that gentleman was declared duly elected by Captain Webb, and received three hearty cheers from officers and men. A subscription tion list was opened for raising a fund to erect a monument over the grave of late gunner Welsby, Captain Webb addressed the meeting, and explained that in view of the probability of the capitation allowance at present made by the Government being withdrawn or very considerably reduced it would be well to consider the advisability of dispensing with the band and devoting their subscriptions to the purpose of keeping up the efficiency of the battery. At present all the subscriptions were spent on the band, and by-and-by they might be required to to pay for horsing the guns. He suggested that, in order to test the feeling of the members of of the battery on the subject, someone should move that the band be broken up after the 30th June next, the instruments called in, and the bandsmen return to the ranks until it was ascertained whether the present capitation allowance is to be reduced. Discussion ensued, and eventually a resolution in the terms suggested by Captain Webb was formally moved, and also an amendment " that the band be continued," and, on a vote being taken, the amendment was carried by a large majority. Captain Webb announced that the band would be broken up for the purpose of reorganisation, and that it would not be re-formed until the services of an efficient bandmaster were obtained. After some routine business had been disposed of the meeting terminated. " Cablton's Ghost " entertainment, at the old School of Arts, continues to be fairly patronised. The performance will be repeated to-night, and an afternoon performance is announced for to-morrow. At the City Police Court yesterday, before the police-magistrate and Messrs. J. H. Wheelwright, R. Gailey, and Colonel Ross, JJ.P., several drunkards were dealt with in the usual manner. Jean Tallerre, on remand, appeared in answer to the charge of having stolen property to the value of 31st from one Stephen Johnston, Stephen Johnston, a laborer in the employ of Mr. Muir, Nerang creek, gave evidence to the effect that prisoner came to Mr Muir's planta- tion in March last, and stayed for a week ; he slept in the same room with witness ; the prisoner left on a Tuesday for Nerang on the evening before he left witness missed a purse containing a gold ring, and 6s. in silver and coppers ; he also missed two shirts ; the articles produced in court were his, and he valued them at 31s. Mr. Lewis here closed the case for the prosecution, and the prisoner, who pleaded guilty, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, with hard labor. At the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yesterday, before Messrs. R. Gailey and T, Illidge, JJ.P., in the defended case of George Crook v, C, F. Brown- claim, £9 7s. ad., for refreshments and board and lodging at 30s. per week, a verdict was given for the plaintiff for £5 11s 6d., the bench ruling that 20s. per week was quite a sufficient for board and lodging. ? 