THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORN I NO, JULY 85, 1879. Several of tho annual reports of charitable, benevolent, and other institutions, entirely or partially supported at the public expense, demand early and careful attention. We accept the reason assigned for the delay in their publi- cation, and shall therefore say no more on that subject, except to express a hope that other equally important reports will soon see the light of day, as we know they have been long enough in the hands of the respective departments to have permitted the Government Printer turn- ing them out long ago-that is, assuming no delay oocurred in supplying him with " copy." The first in order of date of the reports now before us-several, from a very culpably loose mode of doing business, are without dates-is the report of the New Norfolk Asylum for the 'Insiat. The report of the Commissioners is a very brief and a very sad one, for it records the decease of the late Commissioners, Mr. W. S. Sharland now well represented by his son, Mr. W. C Shab land-and Dr. Mooee, both of whom, the report says, " for many years devotedthemselves assidu- ously to the interests of this Asylum, entitling them to grateful acknowledgment." This tribute of praise all will endorse who have had any intimate knowledge of the working of this insti- tution. As Commissioners both were highly attentive, whileDr. Mooee, withararegenerosity, gave much of his professional skill and time to what was with him a matter of love. The recog- nition of past services which the report embodies, acquires a touching interest, and calls up thoughts of deep feeling when it is seen that the first signa- ture was penned by a hand that now lies moulder- ing in the tomb ; and that the tribute to departed worth was the expression of opinion of one who, if he said a thing, felt and meant it. Sir Robert Officer's name has been identified with the Asylum for the Insane since its first incep- tion, and without in any way detracting from the value of the services of the able and indefa- tigable Superintendent, or of the other Com- missioners who were associated with the late President, we may say, without ex- posing ourselves to the charge of exaggeration, that to Sir Robert Officer was mainly due the indisputable fact that the Asylum for Insane, Kew Norfolk, stands, in reputation and effi- ciency, second to none in Australasia, if, indeed, in Her Majesty's dominions. To his dying hour Sir Robert Officer took a deep interest in the institution, and in its unfortunate inmates, every one of whom was about aa well known to Sir Robert as to the Superintendent. When leaving home for any length of time, the Hos- pital was the last place he visited ; the first to which he directed his steps on his return, his presence always carrying comfort to the inmates. To the suitability of. the accommodation, to the efficiency of the treatment, he devoted much attention, and Sir Robert was no officious inter meddler ; not fussily given to turning things upside down for tho sake of change, or showing his own importance. Nothing could have been moro foreign to the nature of Sir Robert Officer. Undemonstrative to a degree, and prudent in the expenditure of public money, his proposals generally com- mended themselves to his brother Commissioners, and to the Government of the day. All felt confident that it might safely bo said of him that he had " a head to contrive, and a hand to ex- ercise," and thus his recommendations were, where funds would permit, always carried out, and always with advantage to the institution which, in tho death of Sir Robert Officer, suffered a loss which will be long and deeply felt. Had he been alive, public decency would not have been outraged, as it is this day, by Ministerial machinations against his old and esteemed friend the Superintendent, who passed with unblemished reputation through a searching inquiry made by the Commissioners, whose im- partiality cannot be questioned, and who are not likely to shield from merited punishment any conduct that would impair the useful- ness of the institution, or withdraw public confidence from its manngoment. The samo disturbing influence that has laid its selfish hand on the New Norfolk Asylum, has obtruded itself into the management of the Launceston General Hospital, and is fooling its way in the Hobart Town Hospital. Tho resident medical officer of tho Launceston institution has not been insulted by any reflection on his privato character. The moro agod Superintendent of the Now Norfolk Asylum has boen less tenderly dealt with. But the cloven foot is easily traced. We should not have ventured to touch on this unpleasant subject, content to abide the result of the legal proceedings which havo been instituted, and which may yet embrace some who flatter themselves they can with impunity pull the wires. But the action of at least two Ministers has released us from any feelings of doubt and hesitation. Admitted that the two tauru upiiuiaeia or morality in me ¿juIjUu service and in the Ministerial ranks, may have felt that a further inquiry than that of the Commissioners was necessary, surely it was not necessary that they should have taken so prominent a part as they have done ; that they should have personally interested them- selves in placing facilities in the way of the fair proaecutrix ; that they should with paternal care have guided her movements, providing for her an ark of rest during her troubles ; and that one of them should with his own hand have written out the bill of indictment which has been forwarded to the Commissioners for en- quiry. Whatever tho result of that enquiry, whatever the result of to-day's proceedings, it may be necessary for Ministers to take action. Can that action deserve or command the respect of the public, when it is known how deeply two of the Ministers are identified with one of tho parties ; how much they aro implicated in the proceedings sho has taken Î But in dealing with an inoident in connection with the Asylum, wo have wandered from the subject of the annual report. To it are attached appendices in the shape of the Superintendent's official roport ; returns showing admissions, re admissions, discharges and deaths, with tho per- centage of discharges and deaths ; tho duration of diseases on admission and result ; deaths and periods of detention ; articles of clothingmade and repaired by patients ; farm and garden produco j farm account sales ; workperformed bypatients in co-operation with the carpenter and painter ; and cost of the hospital-£7,750, less £1,818, fees for self-supporting patients,and for labour, washing, and sale of pigs and cows. The total cost ia thuB stated at £6,932, but we confess wo should have liked to have had the details of the creditor side of the account, for some of the institutions which cost the State a good round Bum should be nearly self-supporting had the estimated value of work and products a pecuniary value. In the present case we put it thus. If the patients had done no labour would not the total cost have been so much more, and before any reduction is made should not the value have been added to tho money paid by the Treasury ? In the General Hospital a now feature in the shape of tabulated information has been introduced, on a plan sug- gested by Dr. Roberts, of Sydney, for securing a basis of comparison with other Australian Hospitals. Might not some such feature be in- troduced in all the subsidised Tasmanian insti- tutions, and thus secure uniformity, and the means of comparison now so glaringly deficient. On the first day of the year there wore within the Asylum 2C1 patients, and 33 were admitted during the year. Of the former 10 were discharged, and 17 died. Of the new patients 8 were discharged, and G died, leaving 253 patients on the 31st day of December last. , , The Governor.-By the express train last night, His Excellency the Governor returned from York Plains, where he has been enjoying a few days' shooting. Restoration of the Cable.-A memo, received from South Australia states that communication with Banjoewangie was restored at 5 p.m. yesterday ; but no news came to hand lost night, the manager of the Tasmanian cable having cut off communica- tion precisely at 8 o'clock. Havo our Government no control over this official, or aro they afraid to make any complaint of a mode of rendering the cable useless that surely the company would not tolerate were brought under their notice t A Joke Spoiled.-In "Ethnologist's" report of a meeting of Municipal Council, which appeared in yesterday's Mercury, the question put in answer to the motion for utilising certain casks, " Wouldn't it have a rummy taste!" was stupidly converted into the senseless question, " Wouldn't it have a running taste!" Proortstes was also printed for Procrustes. Publication.-The Victorian Schoolmaster, pub- lished under the auspices of the Victorian Teachers' Union, is the name of a new journal just issued. It is edited under the supervision of a committee composed of masters of State schools, and is to be conduoted on the broadest educational basis, the object of the promoters being to render it thoroughly representative of the scholastic profession, The paper is weU. printed,1, and ought to be well npportsdV Intercolonial Filbs.- The s.a. Tamar, which arrived here yesterday from Melbourne, brought the following files of intercolonial papers :-Victoria, 22nd inst. ; and New South Wales, 19th inst. New Books at the Library.-The following books have been laid upon the table at the Tas- manian Pnblic Library :-A History of Our Own Time, by Justin McCarthy. Literary Studies, by Walter Bagshot. Arabia, Egypt, India (a Narra- tive of Travel), by Isabel Burton. A Treatise on Land-Surveying, by W. M. Gillespie, CE. Healthy Houses, by Fleeming Jenkin, F.R.S. A Ministry of Health, by Dr. Richardson. My Circular NoteB, by J. F. Campbell. Mixed Essays, by Matthew Arnold. The Telephone, Microphone, and Phono- graph, by Count du Monee!, Titian, by Richard Ford Heath, B.A. Rembrandt, by Jehn W. Molle«, B.A. Sound, by Alfred M. Mayer. Gleanings of Past Years, by Gladstone. Presbyterian Chouch of Tasmania.-The result of the examination of candidates for the ministry of this church has been supplied to one of them, as follows, by the examining committee of the Presbytery :-Subjects-Church History : 2 hours allowed, marks obtained 155, maximum 200. Greek Testament : 1J hours, marks 97, maximum 150\. Homer's Iliad: 40 minutes, 54 marks, maximum 60. Latin, Virgil and De Seneclule : 75 minutes, 77 marks, maximum 115. Theology : 1 hour, 55 marks, maximum 100. Metaphysics : 2 hours, 140 marks, maximum 200. Hebrew, 1 and 2 Genesis : 1 hour, 88 marks, maximum 100. Total : C6G marks gained, out of a possible 925. The successful candidate for his first year's examination is Mr. Henry Tremlett Hull, A.A., from the High School. Ragged ScnooL Association.-A special meet- ing of the committee of the Ragged School Associa- tion was held yesterday morning, at the committee rooms, Bible Depot, the business being the election of a secretary in place of the Rev. John Stone, resigned. After somo preliminary business had been transacted, the name of Mr. L. R. Castray was mentioned, as a gentleman well able to fulfil the duties of the post, and the Reva. J. Scott and R. M. Webster were appointed to wait on him, to ascertain if he would be willing to undertake the duties. A motion was also carried, after a short discussion, investing the whole of the General Committee with the powers of the Executive Com- mittee, the meetings to be in future held monthly, at the Bible Depot, The Benevolent Society.-The weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Benevolent Society was held at the offices, Bathurst-street, yesterday afternoon. Present : Dr. E. Swarbreck Hall (chairman), and Mr. R. A. Mather. The Registrar reported 48 cases, 141 individuals, re- lieved last week, with 45 full and 3 half rations. The return of paupers discharged from the Invalid Depots for the week was given as follows :-Brick- fields, 5 ; New Town, 1 ; Cascades, 0._ Five appli- cations for relief were enquired into, including that of Mr. Woods, of the Springs, Mount Wellington, and relief was ordered in each case. Co-oi'EUATn'E Society.-A general meeting of shareholders was held at the office, Elizabeth-strcet, on Tuesday evening, Mr. A. A. Butler in the chair. The directors' report was stated to bo of a most un- satisfactory character. Very shortly after the last half-yearly meetinp, Mr. Lovell, tho late manager, gave three months' notice of his intention to resign his situation. The directors were greatly surprised and annoyed at this sudden resolution on the part of the manager, particularly as it involved an imme- diate audit and stock-taking, only three months after those which had been taken at the expiration of last year. The directors Were also much dissatisfied with the result of the previous year's business, and with the reckless manner in which the manager had made purchases of large stocks of goods, far beyond the requirements of the society, and often, as now appeared, without the sanction of the Board. The Board advertised for a manager, and thero were a great many applicants, hut none of whom tho Board could approve Under these circumstances, and at the urgent request of tho directors, one of their number (Mr. Castray) undertook the re- sponsibility of managing director until a competent manager could bo obtained. Tile directors would be bound to allow tho managing director a modorate Bharo of ' the salary they would otherwise have to pay to a manager, and under his guidance, if ho could bo induced to continuo hi3 services, they hoped to see tho society once more placed in a safer position. The auditors' report stated that the amount of profit and loas on the debit side wob £781. The value of tho stock, after allowing a reduction of 10 per cent, on tho cost prico of that over-esti- mated by the manager, was £3,114. Explanations were mado to tho meeting to the effect that there had been a serious loss on the half year ; that the overdraft at the bank had been increased, and now stood at £2,147 ; and that a debt of £293 would bo wiped off. Reductions were to be made in the oxpenaes, and négociations were going on for other central business premises, nt a lower rent. Mr. Ca8tray'a services as managing director were highly commended. The report was adopted, and votes of thanks passed to the chairman and directors. Derwent Yactit Club.-The adjourned general meeting of the members of the Derwent Yacht Club was held last night ,at . the Bird-in-Haud rx^tci, Argyie-street, tho Commodore, mr. J. Hayle, occupying the chair. The miuutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Messrs. J. B. Ledwell and George Hinsby were elected members of the club. The meeting then proceeded with the consideration of the revised code of rules, as prepared by the sub-committee appointed for the purpose. Somo further discussion took place with reference to the distinguishing flag, which it was decided to alter at the last meeting, and the meeting, by a majority of 13 to 8, decided to reverse this decision, and revert to the old flag for the present season. The sailing regulations wore then considered seriatim. No. 2. The entrance fee, instead of being 2s. Gd., was made optional. No. 4. Cases of parting bridle, or dropping moor- ings or anchor, to be explained satisfactorily to the sailing committee. No. 8. In all matches no restriction whatever as to rig or canvas. The committee proposed to strike this out, in con- formity with an alteration made in Rule 31, at the last meeting. Mr. Lucas objected to this, and divided the meeting upon it, carrying his amendment by 13 votes to 11 votes. Rule 31 was accordingly altered back again to its original form. No. 23. An appeal was ordered, in cases of dispute and uncer- tainty as to the club rules to decide them, to the rules of the English Association. The question of measurements and time allowances were discussed at great length, tho various schemes propounded by members being thoroughly canvassed. Finally the meeting accepted a rule, proposed by Mr. J. G. Tur- ner, seconded by Mr. H. E. Wright, by which the measurement of centre-board yachts remain as at present, keel yachts to be measured according to the English Association rules, and the time allow- ance remains unaltered. Messrs. J. Hayle, G. B, Penny, and H. J. Westbrook, were appointed to be the measuring committee, and the meeting having adopted the rules in their entirety, concluded with »unanimous vote of thanks to the chairman. Social Reunion.-A temperance social reunion was held last evening at the Alliance Rooms. About 100 friends of the Alliance assembled by in- vitation at a tea meeting given by the committee in recognition of the practical assistance and sym- pathy received in publishing the People'» Friend, the Tasmanian Temperance organ. The tables cleared, Captain Fisher took the chair, and con- gratulated those present upon the success which had attended their efforts, particularly in connection with the growing importance of the People's Friend, both in its size and influence, since it was first issued in 1869, for it was now six times as largo and had four times the revenue it had at the outset of its career. The circulation was now 2,600 monthly, and an endeavour would be made to still further enlarge the paper and publish it of toner. The object with which it had been started-namely, the disssemination of temperance principles and advocacy of benevolent and other enterprises of, a laudable social oharacter, had been steadily " kept_ in viow and faithfully adhered to ; as a suent messenger ot truth ana sobriety the journal was doing a good work in the temper- ance cause and for the glory of God. Captain Fisher concluded with an earnest appeal to the friends of the Alliance to pursuo with new vigour their crusade against the evil of strong drink, re- lieved from which the country would bo moro happy, prosperous, and progressive. Mr. J, Roth- well spoke of tho self-denying labours of those who for the last qanrtor of a century had zealously devoted themselves to temperance work in connection with the Alliance. ffe spe- cially referred to the valuable services of Mr. L. Lodge, to whom the Alliance desired to tender a token of recognition and appreciation. An address conveying these sentiments in eulogistic and feeling terms was then presented by Mr. Roth- well to Mr. Lodge, together with a purse of 21 sovereigns. The address, whioh was an exquisite spocimen of artistic design and execution, by Mr, G. Lovett, of the Lands and Works Department, con- cluded by expressing the hope that the reeipient would be long spared to see great results from his labour, and to be of benefit to his fellow men, Mr. Lodge, in acknowledging the gift, modestly said many of his co-workers had done quito os much as he had, and except for the extreme kindness of the subscribers he was at a loss to know why he had been singled out, end presented with so flattering and gratifying a testimonial. As long as he had health and strength he would continue to exert himself against the intemperance of the age. He would wish that the testimonial so kindly given him should be devoted to some object which would serve as a memento of bim to his children in future years. After addresses had been delivered by Mr. E, C. Nowell, and the Rev. vV. Gould, chaplain of Good Templars, the usual weekly publie enter- tainment was held in the hall, and was well attended. Geeves Town,-A very interesting lecture was delivered in the Geeves Town Church on Monday last by the Rev. R. E, Dear, who took for his sub ieot-." China, its Religion, Government, and Home .life." There was a good attendance, and all enjoyed tho lecture. The Rev. J. M, Bayly opened tho pro- ceedings, and 0. Geeves, Esq., J.P., presided. A collection at tho close of the meeting was made in aid ef the proposed new churoh. The Revs. D. Morris and J. M.' Bayly have also lectured for the same objeot, sod similar efforts are to bs made .TeryiBoatn, ,< i < ¡, A Service of Song.-This evening a musical service is to be held in the Wesleyan Church in aid of the organ fund. The choir of the church will be assisted by other amateurs, 'and Mr. F. A. Packer will be the conductor, and will play three organ solos. The first part of the programme will consist of Mr. T. K. Longbottom's service of song, Joseph, in which a number of pretty melodies are introdneed. The Rev. J, Cope is to read the con- structive readings. The second part will comprise miscellaneous selections principally from The Creation, and anewsacredsong, "The Little Grave," written by Mr. F. A. Packer. The programme as a whole is very attractive, end will probably entice a large audience. Sydney International Exhibition.-Mr. Secre- tary Hull received the following letter by yester- day's mail from Sydney :-" There are no quarantine regulations affecting cattle from Tasmania, and any beasts can be sent direct from the ship's side to the Exhibition ground. Sheep have to go through a 21 days' quarantine on arrival from 'your colony. I should be obliged by your furnishing me in due course with the particulars of your cattlo exhibits, in order that I may be able to mako the necessary arrangements for their reception. I take this opportunity of pointing out that tho statements that havo appeared in the public Press with refer- ence to the date of the opening of the Exhibition are incorrect, as, though the day has not been definitely decided unon, the probability ia that it will either be the 17th or 24th September. Of this, however, I will advise you by telegram immediately a decision is arrived at. (Signed) B. H. D'AviaDOK, Hon. Sec. Tasmanian Executive Commissioner." Hop Market.-The following is n copy of a letter which was received yesterday from a firm of well-known hop brokers in Melbourne, and kindly Elacedatour disposal:-"On Tuesday about 500 ales of last season's hops of every brand are to be offered at auction. We are, however, endeavouring to get the vendors to buy all they can get and sup- port the market, instead of utterly depressing it by wholesale dealing. If they do not the market must go back considerably, but on the other hand if they purchase, we think some little advance may be established. As the stock is so large at present, we doubt very much if better prices will be got this season. We think there will bo a better prospect next year, especially if the European crop turns out indifferent, and tho most recent telegrams speak of the English crop as being backward and damaged. Wo know from experience that a few weeks' warm weather may greatly re-establish the crop, and it may even bo abundant." Angora Goats.-The s.s. Tamar, which arrived from Melbourne yesterday, brought six puro Angora goats. They are from the Victorian Zoological and Acclimatisation Society, and have como to the order of Mr. Frank Evans, of Hamilton. Mr. Evans has also purchased two Angora goats from Mr. M. Cleary, of the Domain, and intends to send the «hole of the animals for breeding purposes to Fiji, whore he has a brother residing. Thf. STEEr-i.EcnAsnR Intrepid.-By tho s.s. Tamar yesterday tho horso Intrepid, by Smolensko, recently purchased by Mr. H. Yeend, arrived from Melbourne. The arrangements for landing him were very imperfect. It was impossible to get bim from the steamer without a box, and one could not be obtained from the T.S N. Company. Considerable delay took place, much to the annoyance of Mr. Yeend, who was anxious to land the horse as soon as possible, owing to his having lind rattler a rough trip. At last application was made by the owner to the agents of the Union Company of New Zea- land, Messrs. Macfarlane Bros., and, they very kindly lent him a box, by ' which the animal was safely got ashore. The T.S.N. Company ought, as n matter of business, to'próvido conveniences of this kind. Tub " Charlier " Horse Shoe.-A newJhorso shoe of French make, for which special advantages aro claimed, was shown to us yesterday. The shoe is named after ita inventor-Mons. Charlier-who, during the Franco-Prussian war, went to Scotland and introduced his improvement in that country, sinco which timo it has been extonsively adopted throughout Great Britain. Tho shoe is a simple band of iron, which fits into a bed cut round the outer edge of tho hoof and just deep enough to* allow the frog to rest on the ground, thus lessening tho liability to slip, added to which tho shoe is much lighter than tho ordinary kind ; cannot catch up stones or bo pulled off in travelling, and is besides very durable, without being expensive Mr. Archibald Park, veterinary surgeon, has brought tho shoo under tho notice of Mr. W. Ibbottson, blacksmith, of Melville-street, and yester- day Mr. Park had ono of his horses shod, from a pattern which ho supplied. le is tho intention of Mr. Ibbottson to exhibit samples of tho Charlier shoe at the forthcoming exhibition of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society. The "Old Man of the Mountain."-Amongst the business brought before the Executive Committee of tho Benevolent Society, at its weekly meeting yesterday, was a letter from tho Colonial Secretary, recommending the bearer, Henry Woods, who lives at the Springs, Mount Wellington, to the con- sideration of the committee. Woods, it appears, has presented a petition to the Government praying for relief, as he is past work and unable to support himself. The application is being enquired into by the administrator of charitable grants. Woods appears to be in a pitiable state, as he stated to Mr. Reibey that he had walked into town, the well-known white horse being dead, on the morning of the interview ; and the old man had left no food in the house for himself and wife. Dr. Hall expressed his surprise at receiving the application, as he had understood for years that Woods was earning a very handsome living, and was in no likelihood of being in a state of destitution. Woods had one son living with him, 40 years of age, and also engaged as a mountain guide. Dr. Hall had been informed, however, that it was not so much Woods' intention to apply for food at the Benevolent Society as to get a pension from the Government. The Registrar (Mr. Witt) said that Woods had seemed very glad to take the three loaves and a little tea and sugar with which he was supplied. As the Government decision might not be given for a few days, it was decided by tho committee to continue the relief. Mr. Mather remarked that in the summer time the trade might be all right again, and asked the Registrar on what grounds Woods based his request for a pension. Mr. Witt replied, amidst some laughter, that ho did not know. Missing.-A man named John Anderson, living in Warwick-street, reported at the Police Station last night that his wifo, Elizabotb Anderson, hud been missing since Wednesday. She was last seen at Mr. Grubb's residence on the Old Wharf, between 1 and 2 a.m. yesterday. The woman is aged about 38 years, is stout built, and has black hair. When last seen she was wearing a blue merino dress and a plaid shawl. It is surmised that the unfortunate I woman, who is a stranger to the town, having only arrived from the country about three days ago, has accidentally walked into the river, the part of the wharf near where she was last seen being so unpro- tected. Death at the Gaol.«An inquest was held yester- day at theRoyal Exchange Hotel, before the Coroner (Mr. Tarleton, P.M.), upon the body of Henry Lawrence, aged 72, who died at tho gaol on Tues- day, while undergoing a sentence of three months' imprisonment for being an idle and disorderly person. Ho was convioted at Groen Ponds on the 20th ult. On the 30th tilt, ho was ailing, and on the 16th inst. he was ordered into the hospital by Dr. Giblin, acting medical officer of the gaol, who attended him. He was given medical comforts, and every attention paid him, but succumbed to old age and debility. The jury rotumed a verdict, in accordance with the evidence of Dr. Giblin, of death from natural causes. FOOTBALL NOTES.-A meeting of the Tasmanian Football Association was held at Trafalgar Place on Wednesday evening, the principal business being the consideration of the protest lodged by the City Football Club concerning the match Cricketers v. City ; a City player having taken part on the side of the former team, thereby infringing No. 14 of laws of the game. The Association arrived at the following decisions :-"That the Association con- sider that Mr. W. E. Watchorn is disqualified from playing with any other than the City Football Club during the present season." "That owing to the disqualification of Mr. W. E. Watchorn, the match Cricketers v. City be considered as a draw. " We are glad to hear from the secretary that there is some probability of a North v. South match taking place in Hobart Town in about six weeks' time. The return match between the New Town Junior team and a team from the Hutchins School, will be played at New Town to-morrow, play to commence at 2.50 p.m. The following are the names of the respective teams, viz.:-New Town. E. J. Hughes, E. H. Pearce, J. H. Cato, W. Rae, T. G. Lovett (captain), E. Wright, jun., W. Nairn, F. W. Marsh, A. Tofft, H. Barrett, W. Brownell, E. Kellaway ; emergencies-T. Massey, W. H. Wallace, D. Riddell. Hutchins School : W. Jamieson, A. Turner, C. Riordan, H. Ross (captain), G. Garrard, G. Read, R. Crosby, C. Crosby, A. Butler, 0. Jones, R, Pope, D. Allport; emergencies-Hunter, A. Reid, E. Morriss. A match will be played to-morrow after- noon in the Domain between members of the Yacht Club and Rowing Club. Names-Yacht Club : T. Lovett, W. Cundy, W. Cheverton, A. W. Hume, E. P. Wilson, F. Turner, P. Butler, H. Owen, S. Kirby, J. Hayle, A Hawthorn, H. Chapman, Chesterman, Robinson, Campbell, R, H. Stephens, H. Westbrook, H. Hunter, S. Smith, Geo. Wilson ; emergencies-W.Watchorn, J. Turner, Geo. Lovett, R. Cumming. Bowing Club : G. B. Penny, J. C, Penny, G. Chapman, J. S. Wilson, G, Mackay, E. Pearce, A. O. Norman, F. Norman, A. Cane, J. H. Cato, T. S. Cresswell, T. Turner, T. Garrard, S. Sicklemore, R. Pink, E. Sargeant, C. Pretyman, S. K. Chapman, E. Norman ; emergencies-C. Lovell, W. Dobbie. The Yacht Club will wear blue guernseys, and the Rowing Club white guernseys with red sash. The match will begin at 2'30. A Cromwell»* Feat.-rA correspondent writes to tho Argus:-"I found an interesting item of intelligence in the San Francisco News Letter of 7th Juno:-Panama, May 22.-'The sessions of the House have been characterised by the utmost dis order-members used their revolvers. Things got to such a pass that General Vengillo cleared the galleries, adjourned the session, and eioorted tile members home.' Could not General Vengillo be invited to pay Melbourne. * visit ?*» ,, ? ¡,\ TnE "Poet Preacheb" on the Bible in Dat Schools.-The Rev. Thomas Jones, of Melbourne, in the course of his last Sunday morning's sermon, remarked that for his part he attached but little importance to the introduction of the Bible into our State schools. During a forty years' ministry he had never met yet with a single person who spoke of any good impressions derived from so- called religiouB or Bible teaching in day schools, but hundreds had admitted to lum that they owed their conversion to the teachings of the Sunday school, and the example and influence at home. Mr, Jones'eloquently and earnestly appealed to his hearers to depend upon these natural and proper channels for the religious instrnction of their children, and to leave the'State schools to do their proper work, which was to give a secular education to youth and to train them for the secular duties of life. For teaching the higher and holier duties he claimed that they should depend upon the parents, the minister, and the Sunday school teacher. Dn. Cumming.-Says the writer of "London Town Talk" in the Argus:-Dr. Cumming, I see, has "officially retired from the pastorate of the church in Drnry- lane," and a subscription of £5,000 is being raised to purchase him an annuity. I sincerely hope he may get it ; but it is curious that such a form of income should have been selected for a gentleman who possesses such exclusive Infor- mation about the date of the end of the world. It would be very foolish in his friends, for example, to sink so much money in such a manner if we aro only to have 12 months more of this sort of thing. And of course he knows. I remember a well known clergymen in Edinburgh, the late Robert Lee, referring to his brother doctor's theories in a very humorous manner. "And yet, in despite of his being so certain about these facts," he said, " I am told that he lays up gold and silver against the day of wrath like the rest of us, and sells his booka for the ordinary term of copyright." I wonder, by the bye, whether the sale of a book on prophecy goes on after the date of prophecy has passed and nothing has happened? If it does, Mr. Carlyle's well- known remark on the idiotcy of the British public receives confirmation strong indeed. Professor. Fetter. - One of the illusions per- formed by Professor Pepper in Melbourne is thus described by the Telegraph .'-As soon as the curtain was drawn up, there was presented to the audience the view of a tastefully draped recess, extending tbo entire depth of the stage, and upon which a soft bluelight appeared to bo .thrown. Mr. Pepper, jun!, then walked to the footlights, and apologised for the unaccountable absence of his father, whom he had never known to disappoint an audience before. Every one present began to feel some little anxiety as to whether the professor would appear, hut a moment afterwards a telegram was brought upon the stage stating that Mr. Pepper would bo present without fail. Just then his voice was heard, and upon tho eyes of the audience being directed to the centre of the stage, the form of the professor was seen emerging gradually from nothing, and at length disclosing bim plainly to the spectators. Mr. Popper then announced that this was the illusion which ho first produced at tho Polytechnic in London seventeen years ago, under the title of '" The Ghost," and from the price of admission to which ho very shortly netted the handsome sum of £12,000, besides selling licenses to exhibit it almost all over tho world, This portion of his entertain- ment ho called "Tho Modern Metempsychosis," and announced it as the invention of Mr. James J. Walker and himself. Ho then proceeded to show how Banquo's ghost could be represented realistically upon the stage. Tho lights were turned down, and as tho professor commenced speaking the lines, .''Avaunt and quit my Bight; let tho earth hide theo. Thy bones are marrowless," the ghost of Banquo seemed to grow out as it were from nothing, and to issue from the recess towards the footlights, finally retreating again, and fading into the same mysterious emptiness from which it carno. Tho illusion was certainly marvellous, and created quito a sensation, the audience testifying lo the complete manner, in which it was performed by opplauding loudly. . Rouan on a Knight.-Sir Samuel Wilson, as every one knows (writes "Atticiis " in the Leader), has been repeatedly chaffed for paying too much for his knighthood, so the bright idea occurred to him that ho would get the honorary degree of D.C.L. from tho University of Oxford as a make-weight. 'Armed with letters of introduction from Mr. Frank Buckland, ho went down to Oxford and commenced a personal canvass there of the members of council. At one house where ho went he told his host that ho owned (?) four million* acres of lund, and had forty thousand miles of five-wire fencing on his property. "But,- Sir Samuel," Baid his host, " what claims havo you to tho degree of D.C.L. ? " " Claims, sir ! I consider that a man who ha3 given £30,000, as I have, to the University of Melbourne, can "demand the degree of D.C.L. as a right." " Well,' Sir Samuel, the best advice I can give you is to leave Oxford at once, and not to speak on the subject to any human being, or you will miss any chanco you might have." Not disheartened hy this rebuff, Sir Samuel went to other members, with the result of making himself the laughing- stock of Oxford. Oao man sent him a message that he had better give £1,000 apiece to the members of the council if ho wished them to consider his claim. Moore's Piano.-Tho following lettor from Sir Charles Duffy appears in the Argus ;-You have permitted on anonymous correspondent to suggest doubts of tho authenticity of " the piano on which Thomas.Moore practised the Irish melodies," ex- hibited at the lato centenary celebration iu Mel- bourne. As that instrument was lent to the com- mittee hy me, I feel bound on their account to do what I should certainly not do on my own, to answer your anonymous correspondent. Mr. E. B. Neile, tho consul-general of Monto Video at London, is a well-known journalist, though perhaps less well known in Australia than his nephew, Edward Whitty, author of Friends of Bohemia. Mr. Noilo was for a considerable timo London correspondent of the Argus, and when I was in London in 1S65 I had tho pleasure of meeting him moro than once at tho tablo of Mr. Edward Wilson, at Croydon. It waa Mr. Ncile who presented this piano to mo, much against my will, for I thought it ought to go to Ireland, not to Australia. Tho instrument was given by Mooro to Mr. Power, tho London publisher of the Irish melodies, and bought by Mr. Neile at Power's auction. It boars the inscription in Moorc'a well-known handwriting-"Thomas Mooro, May field-oottago, July, 1S14," probably the date of the gift. _ Your correspondent states that at the Dublin celebration there was also a piano of Moore's, belonging latterly to tho lato Dean O'connell, of that city. As Mooro lived nearly 40 years after the first piano was given to Mr. Power, it is con- ceivable that ho may havo needed another. The case of a lyrical poet having two pianos in a lifetime is perhaps not strictly identical with the suggestion of Cromwell having two skulls." Swivel Outriggers.-The Argus has beon shown by Mr. W. T. Greenland, the boat- buihler of Princo's-bridge, a swivel outrigger of his own in- vention. It is on the same principle ns that with which Hanlon recently rowed when ho heat Elliot. The swivel is made of brass, and instead of having a lashing on the outrigger which keeps the scull in place, it has a small brass bar, which works on a hinge, and fastens down with a pin. It will he a matter of impossibility to slip the hutton of tho scull through when sculling, or break the bar, or capsize the boat, as is often done when sculling with the ordinary outrigger with the lashing on. Tho swivel is fixed on the ordinary iron-work by a email Bcrew bolt, and a nut catches at tho other aido, leaving plenty of room for tho swivel to work. Tho great advantage which the swivel possesses is that by its use the rower will bo able to get further for- ward and put moro weight on without extra oxer j tion. A public trial of the invention is to be mado. Large Estates.-Large landed estates have beeu accumulated in the adjoining colony of Now South WnleB. Of the number of holders of land, of various sized holdings, of not less than one acre, with the acreago under crop, tho S. Af. Herald says :-"All wo can notice at present is, that while 37,887 per- sons are said to hold 18,908,853 acres of freehold land, Micro are 67 who hold more than 40,000 acres each ; 36 who hold moro than 30,000 acres each ; 51 who hold more than 20,000 acres each ; 91 who hold moro than 10,000 acres each ; and 84 who hold more than 7,500 acres each. Altogether these 381 persons aro in possession of 9,778,393 acres of this freehold agricultural land, and they have cultivated just 21,028 acres. Between the margin of 7,500 acres ami 600 acres there aro 4,603 freeholders, who possess 6,319,615 acres, and have 99,465 acres under cultivation. Tho remaining 3,810,545 aores aro shared by 32,903 freeholders, each possessing from one to 600 acres, and thoy hove under cultiva- tion 356,293 acres." Vermin for New Zealand.-Our New Zealand friends seem bent upon the acclimatisation of vermin in their colony. Looking over the Field wo find the following somowhat suggestive advertisement : -" Stoats-Weasels. The undersigned will gua- rantee the payment of £1 each for 500 stoats or weasels dehveicd alive either at Port Chalmers or Invercargill, N.Z. For further particulars apply to Redfern, Alexander, and Co., Great Winoliestor Btreet, London, E.G." A nice consignment truly (says the Ballarat Star) to a colony in which efforts have boen made, and so far successfully, to accli- matise the best kinds of feathered game. New Zealand bids high for vormin. Stoats and weasels are not apparently sufficient, as we observe that native cats are now Bought for, tho plea being that these destructive vermin are the bom oiiomies of tho raouic. jxotmng ot the kind. Given a woU stocked poultry-yard, and the cats aro about, but the vermin whioh Viotoria would gladly dispose of do not destroy rabbits to any appreciable extent, as experienco'in this colony and Tasmania has demon- strated. There arc no snakes in New Zealand. Cannotsome enterprising vermin acclimatiser supply the want, or rather the deficiency T Canadian Militia. - The Reserve numbers 650,000 men, and the activo militia 45,000. mon, making up to 700,000 in all; 30,000 wont for training in 1874, and 28,845 in 1875. There are included iu this force 61 batteries of garrison artillery, 10 of field artillery, sod 40 troops of cavalry,-Colonial Office Red-Book, 1S79. Thought Reading.-"I suppose," said a quaok, while feeling a patient's pulse, " that you consider me a humbug!" "Well," responded the patient, " I don't exactly know how to answer that, seeing Sou can so accurately tell a man's thoughts by issC ig btopBlsV'-rfseiWyIrkh Timu, * ,,. Judicious Advertising.-A man wss denouncing newspaper advertising to a crowd of listener!. "Last week,"said he, "Ihad an umbrella stolen from the vestibule of-church. It was a gift ; and, valuing it very highly, I spent double its worth in advertising, but have not recovered it." " How did you word yonr advertisement ! "- " Here it is,-" zz'J said the man, producing a slip cut from a newspaper. The gentleman took it and read, " Lost from the vestibule of the-church lost Sabbath evening, a black silk umbrella. The gentleman who took it" " -will be handsomely rewarded by leaving it at No. - San Fernando-street.". .* Now," said the merohaut, "lam a liberal advertiser, and have always found ' that it paid me well. A great deal depends upon the manner in which an advertisement is put. Let us try your umbrella again, and if you do not acknowledge then that advertising pays, I will pur- chase you a new one." The merchant then took a slip of paper from his pocket and wrote, " If the > man who was seen to take an umbrella from the vesti- bule of the-church last Sabbath evening does ' not wish to get into trouble and have a stain cast ' > upon the Christian character which he values so highly, he will return it to No. - San Fernando street. He is well-known." This duly appeared in the paper, and on the following morning the man was astonished when he opened the front door of his residence. On the porch lay at least a dozen umbrellas of all shades and sizes that had been thrown in from the side-walk, while the front yard was literally paved with umbrellas. Many of them had notes attached to them saying that they had been taken by mistake, and begging the loser to . keep tho little affair quiet.-J »terian Paper. , A tea meeting and musical entertainment will take place in the St. George's Schoolroom, Battery Point, this evening. The members of the Tasmanian Union Lodpte are to meet at the Masonic Hall this evening, at 7'30. A meeting of members of th". Green Ponds Cricket Club, is to be held at the Wilmot Arms on Tuesday evening next A concert in aid of the New Town Pnblic School is to take place at the Good Templars' Hall, this e\ ening. Mr. McElerhan is to preach in the People's Hall on Sunday night. The subscribers to the Catholic Defence Fund are to meot at St. Joseph's schoolroom an Sunday evening next immediately after Vespers, for disposal of'the surplus funds. 