WuU$ mi gkttthts. THE VILLAGE MYSTERY'. CHAPTER L, I arbtved at Oeston at tight o'clock in the evening. The tram vas punctual, and I was set down at the Iictie station. My loggage was seized by a strong stalwart porter, who scrutinised me from head to foot, bustled about and seemed to expect me, offering to show me the way to the doctor's honse. * Von axe the new assistant, I suppose?' said he. 'The doctor was down here about five o'clock ; he told me as yoa was a-coming. and said he had to go oat somewhere to-night I after a man as had his foot hurt by a machine I some way off ; and bo he couldn't meet yon ; I anA you was to be so kind as excuse ? him.' ; I replied it did not ''*+*?*?. and walked on, the porter following with my portmanteau on ; his shoulder. The village looked so peaceful. The long straggling street, witii ite shops and j houses on each side, terminated in a slight , tifTl, on which stood the chnreh, an old gnty ? Norman edifice, long and low, its chancel , ekrtiied urith ivy, amid which roses twined in great red and white dusters. The square j low tower, the arched windows, and the venecablc porch, through which many a babe hail gone to its christening, many a bride of a ( wedding morning, and many both old and young to their last long home in the green - cbnr^-yard,LoofcniggixvelyaadsolfiinnJydown t npon the village. j I gazed up at the church, wondering what would happen during my short stay m this j pctiiXy viSase to shape my career. Anything - Grange, anytiungvnlooked Cor ? or simply tbe i ordinary routine of a country life, wearing ( wwnpli, but '''''intif generally and pl3'**^. i Ieainf to myself as I stood before the church : ; * Shall yon have to do with me and witii my , life during my stay of one snort year ? Who ] csnteDf 1 'This way sir,' said tiie porter, interrupting my reverie, and doubtless wondering why! j stood there gazing at tne church. 'This way 1 sir; 3 you please? and we continued our road j up the past which, whirls Hts diuich-yard ; i past the village inn The Fox and Hotads, witii iIe gaily painted sign-board — horses, ] t»ii.-unnn_ hounds all m*1'^ np confusedly j togeiiec, while in the Jpg^wop a pceter- \ naturally large and very red fax looked cmmingly round anon his pursuers ; put ^** ] Past-O&ce;, the Brewery, some better-class i honEes of tie weH-tonta fanners; past the . Rectory, Ftaw^^tg in its pretty lawn, dotted j with fiower-beds, whereupon a group of gaily ; dressed grrlfl were Kt^nArnar - ami go ou to the \ doctor's honse, a low whitewashed building, f^pJmg in a pretty old-fashioned flower- 1 garrfrf1, a Tftriu green gatp and grecc palings i covered witii cbmbnig roses and creepecs, sepaEAtzng it frots tfae road. Tbe porter i preceded mn ami widioot fuzthex' a«»y-mw»-- , ment, walked in at the wide open door ] shouting : ' Now rtwn. Betsy, here'e tie I gendemab; Look Gharp, girL' Betsv, a fair-haiied, bright looking lassie, came forward, and oomtesied. exying ? * Master's had to go oat sir. He was v*ay sorry. But if yon please sir, supper's ready best yon conld till he got back, again.' It seemed to me tfw quarters were comfort able enough, and that life would be ray bearable for a while. I knew tbe doctor. He j was an old friend of my fa&ers;, and ought to i have risen above a mere conntry practice ; ! Imt fortune errtiifg qq Borne Ti and frowns on ) others, and Dr. TTamntn^ vas one of those j whose professional skiD was great; bat whose modesty and want of /hmA— if I may so style ' it ? maAp him content to live humbly in - obscurity. ; When I had visited my comfortable room j and washed oS the traces of the journey from ( my h?T'^a and fi^»*, I descsided the istnTrs and entered the paxtoor, where an inri£ing4ookiag ? repast of hot-smoking ham, steak, poached j eggs, tea-cakes and cheesecakes and fresh j fruit, was spread upon a snow-white doth ; and an elderly woman, whom I discovered to j be Mrs. WHeoa the doctor's cook, housekeeper, and factotum, was gfjmi^ttip by the tea-table waiting to pocr oat my tea. She dropped a courtesy and apologised for her alwen^*1 when I arrived. * I was just getting a sup of cream sir, for your tea, from Mrs. Colly, ' she said ; 'and her poor husband was took bad witii a cramp at his heart, and I had to wait to get him a drop of something hot, poor man ! Eh, it is a bad job ! He's that awful when he's took bad, you would hear him screeching' a tnilp ! off. And he can't go and milk the cows nor \ do notnink to help his wife, poor tiling. She's my niece, yor. see sir ; and tfciB girl I have here, she's herdangfater.' * She appears a nice tidy girL' I remarked. * Yes sir, she be,' returned tbe housekeeper. 1 'She'B a good girt She don't go, like the ! girls, tJ3*y'wg here and *ari*grwig there — mare's ; the prty for them. She's one of the best sort is Betsy. We always calls her Betsy sir ; but front ways she's called Elizabeth. Yea, she's a pood nn though I do say it, as f-y» almost brought' her up. ? — Sow do farfp- yourself sir, mm! make yonrselfat borne, do. Perhapsthem cheese cakes is not what you fancy T ' They look exceHeat,' said I ; * bat I must nret ask for another slice of that delicious ham, for I really am very hungry.' ? * Ah. that's right,' said Hrs. Wilson, as she bustled about. 'It's the pig we killed last Christmas sir ; and I said to the doctor, sayB A, *' We never had encb * pig, no never since e^er I came to you, and tnat's twenty two years and more.' Ay, he's a good man, sir ; and a good *nattto*Tm and that's more. I am glad you've come sir, to bdp him a. bit. He's not so young as he used to be, and all this night-work in the winter -time is none too ! good for him. He has a good heart. Bless him ! And so h^ tbe Rector and h'* good lady, and the young ladies and aU on em. Bless them all ! I have seen tihem all grown up - sow one is to be owned, it wwiim Btzauge4tke, The other day ehe was a babby in my aims ;* and the old woman sebed. 1 Bat I won't stop here a-tafldng to you sir. Perhaps when yoa be done yoar tea, you'd like to look around.— And bless me, there's &[iss Hilda as white as & ghost ; runniiur in. ? What is the ma**nr ?? '0 Mrs. WQson!' cried a. fresh young voice, ' is the doctor in ? There's been each an awful accident, and I have ran all the way. Tbe raflvay bridge has broken, and there are a lot of people hurt.1 ? ' Lord-a-mercy !' cried Mrs. Wilson ; * the like of that never happened afore. — No, honey: the doctor's not in ; but the new doctor's come; and although be is but young, be wQl do his best. Fee sore he w3L' I stepped forward, and with this introduc tion to ' Miss Hilda,' came oot into the lit**** garden, where she stood, saying : * I am at your service ; will you show me the way T Shall I ever forget her as she stood there in the soft evening l^ght, her bat swinging by its broad ribbons tn her hand, her ample dress, her brown hair dishevelled with the eager face, it's looks of horror and anxiety ! 'Oh, do be quick!' she cried, as ahe tamed and led the way. — * T*u'piii your rooms, Mrs. Wilson !' she cried; 'they aught be wanted. Lacy h' run to Hie Bectocy to fall «*»»—? m to io the frnTf»^ * I waited only to snatch my trodling-fluk, which lay on the white table, and I knew mnfaiiw^l a jjfrtfe brandy *^*A sped *^i*r my fair guide. As we harried along she said: 'My sinter md I were going np tkt- lane i*tJ to -yp sn aid woman who is ilL Just as we approached the railway bridge tt seemed to stop, and to our horror, half tne carriages feQ through as the bridge broke like a, rotten stick. 0 Mr. out of my head ;' and the girl^ colour, tdnch t^y^ pa^r^uaji yjth her tapid walk, faded ^f?'1 to A deathly paDor. ' I don't dunk yoa ought to come go here,1 I said ; * it will be a harrowing aght, unfit for foo. Let me pTTjUivip you to return, and prepare at home Cor tne snnlerecs, if they should need yonrcxre.' -0 no, no!' she cried; 'Let me come. rTWjfyjj I am rimig, ray strong. I ?root Lalat, and be a boiier to yon ?'' ehe added wish a half -emQe. [ read in her bee that it was useta to lews had spread; the crowd had gatitexed, ud every moment new arrivals came. People in tfeese parts retired very early to their beds, ud many had got np again and were arriving partiy dressed. On tiie road and on the embankment lay the broken carnages, the centre opes of tiie train, some third **!»«»», and likewise *pn^ second. Hardly a piece was left whole ; they were broken op and smashed into little bits. Some of them bad fortunately been empty. But there were many eu&rers; notwitiistandinp. *?%£ usual «»-«v^^mowfr1 coufasion, and bustle prevailed ; persons hmrjin* aimlessly to and calling in their terror on tiie name of God. The light was still good ; ten o'clock on an evening in June, with the moon elowly rising, is never dark ; but here and there a lantern flashed ite donbtfol light on some upturned face lying on tiae roadside, on those who sofiered and on those who ministered to them, and made the wild scene wilder and more awfoL £ did what I could in attending tiie 8uffcr2ES- There were not many very serious brought down carts, and into tiiese those who were arable to walk were carried and taken to tiie Rectory and to tbe Fox and ffmmdx and other bouses which bad been hospitably opened bo receive thfwi. As I was looking round to see if any had been overlooked, before I went to attend to the poor snflerers, I felt an eager grasp npon my arm, and fa*™*«*g quickly, saw a young woman, wrapped in a long light-gray cloak, sfcmdinfir beade me. ' Come, for mercy's sake !' she said. ' If you are a man come andhelp here V I followed. She seemed to fiy over the ground, stepping lightly over the beans of ruin and debris, ^liimting over tiie carnages, jumping over pieces of wood and wheels and cushions of carriages heaped together in inextricable confusion. I wondered at her haste, which I tried in vain to emulate, ^tiast she cried in tones of agony : *Oh, h- a- slow yoa are ! Come, come quickly f I made a desperate effort, and was beside her. There, Hfni^ g_ tanrjifd nrayn of rain nnA confusion, amid planks and broken iron, shivered glass, passengers' luggage — some of tbe boxes having been broke& by the force of the fall— clothes, heavy boots, wooden panels, and articles too numerous to mention, lay a female figure quite motionless ; and beside her, calmly sleeping as. if in its cnidle at home, tiie loveliest jpfant- 1 tJiitjIr I ever saw thp -^**^rf flijuhefl witii a bright rosy bne, tbe cnrJy hair upon its forehead. A cherub indeed it seemed from heaven, sent down among all the terror and agony of that night's work. The carriage in which, tiie woman ''? child had been was shattered to pieces; bnt the portion of tie seiton which tie baby had been placed had Eallen as it was, with the cushion under u\ and had become firmly wedged between two great pieces of iron, jnst beside the chad on each hand. A piece of wood had likewise fallen crosswise orer the child, so that it was completely sheltered and quite untouched — lyinj 't were in a box. This same niece of won iad struck the woman and had killed hn jt I fancied life was extinct. So care foLj and securely was the child wedged in, that I could not ex&icate; it. My companion ffffiyd possessed of supernatural strength ; ehe tore at tiie heavy wood with her *fa*A*r hands ; she ran for a large piece of iron and implored me to nseit as a crowbar; tiien flew for more amiRtance. I scarcely then noticed her ; bat I remembered afterwards, her pale face and set fimd expression, her eagerness, even beyond what the Bttnatian warranted. I ugnred her the duU was safe, perfectly eo, I and I continued my efforts to extricate it; and' at last some persons having arrived to help me, 1 we succeeded in lifting off the henry barners, and took the child out, apparently quite ; nnhnrt. [ placed m the young woman's arms. ; It scarcely awoke, bat turned and nestled in her bosom. I heard her say eoffly :' Thank God !' and saw the tears fall gently from her eyes as she turned and left me. The thought occurred to me for « ?'''wn* : Strange Hut she has new thought about the woman with whom tiie daU was — and apparently, would have thought of her too? She seemed t% pause a&er; a minnte, and coming back, naif hurriedly : -& she dead 'I do not know,' I answered. 'I will remove her to the honse. She may be only stunned ; but I fear tie worst' We lifted np tbe insensible figure. It seemed to be tint of an elderly woman, perhaps fifty or thereabout!. Her dress, of a coarse dark stuff, and her tidy shawl, and plain etaw bonnet, of no -^J.;~™.M. mate, seemed to point her out as a respectable woman of the peasant class, too old certainly to be the mother of tie lovdy baby who could not possibly he mare than a year old. I returned as quickly as I could to tiie village, and began tie sad work of trying to alleviate as far as I conld tile sufferings of those injured. Some were only shaken and of a man whose leg was shattered, bad been fafc-fn to the ***** j ''d i' fnHlitff mfdi^nfl aid had been telegraphed for. there was litUe to bedone for him till the doctors arrived, as I did not care to take tiie whole responsihOity of amputation. I went down to Hie Bectory. where I found several of the passengers being tenderly cared for by the kind poopie tins. Whue seeing to tiiieir injuries, the young woman who had called me to tie rescue of the little chad came to the door and called, saying ; 'Miss Hilda, will yon come and speak to \- What ! is it you, Miss Brown ! Come in. What is it ? How did you rfMme down so * { j*»w*^ down ob m dnoa too dk village, returned she, 'and saw tie airidrat ? -Oh, never mmd now. Miss Hilda ; take tiiis, and keep it safe, for tiie love of mercy.' 'Die girl started as Miss Brown, uncovering ber bundle, disclosed the lovely face of the sleeping child. ?What chad is tinsf said she. ?Where did you find it? Bat even as she spoke, Miss Brown, saying hurriedly ; * I once had charge of a littie one so like thai ; and now it is gone, it upsets me to see that ^jVimj^' turned and le&tiie; The two girls Hilda and Lacy stood open mouthed, and I stepped forwardanderplamed how tiie child had been discovered. 'Hotter will tell us wfaattodo,'said Hilda, and ehe ran off with the baby. I next saw it in Mrs. Morton's motheriy arms, and she said, as she addressed me loudly : ' Another time, doctor, we must try and find out who fa the the owner of tins Ettie treasure; at present it shall have food and shelter here tulwe hear further particulars. Some one is sure to make inquiries about it.' ajl that night tiie village was in commotion; tiie teSesEUh wires osnx 1 1 imul bcuURBf mh'iiiiijjik Quin anxiouB fiBeods and conveying titeanswers, in some cases sad enough. Two died tiot night— one at the Fox and Hands ; and the woman we had found at the doctor's hooBe. whitier she had been taken, and laid in my pretty fresh bedroom, which I little thoojdit, when t arrived a few short hours before, would so soon be tiie scene of suffering and of death itself. To my uuiyLiin^ whenZ returned to my quarters, I found the body had been brought tiiere, and moreover, I found Miss Brown eamesttv using every possible means to restore animation. When leuteredshe looked up. *I fancy she breathes still,' shesaid. 'Ilnivebeentiainedtonnrse,and I have been trying hard. Wba± do yoa think r I examined the patient carefully ; ehe did breathe, but so faintly Hat the move ment was scarcely to be felt ; and after abontan hour's anxious watching, sbe gave a deep sigh and breathed her last peacefully and without a struggle. ?Who is she?' said I to Miss Brown. * A stranger here apparently,' she answered. 'Of coarse enquiry will be made in time.' ?I vzOcaUJbs. Wilgon, and all that can be done for her now shall be done at once. Vonr services are required elsewhere, and your time is precious to tie living ; do not delay with the dead.' Her face was deadly pale, and ehesank on her knees beside the bed. ' Are you able for all tiiis? Iasked. ?Oyes. Send Mrs. Wilson to me ; I dare aotfaealone. You iimt me Wish perhaps sir ; bnt I am not very strong, and [ have had much trouble ; this shock has tried me a good deal;' and her eyes filled witii tears as she spoke. I hurried to find Mrs. Wilson. ' Go up stairs to the poor thing,' I said, 'please. You will find ber rather shaken by all this. I don't suppose the doctor would be angry if you were to take her a. glass -if wine.' 'Crust me sir,' said tiie good old dame ; ' Ell see to her poor child, t wonder what brought her into the middle of it all ? Well, she is a good one, I believe, in spite of all they say in the village about her quiet ways. I dont care ; I am sorry for her, she is so young ; and she looks that sad now and then, I coula almost crytoseeher. I will ran np and see ?Do,' said I ; and I saw Mrs. Wilson, as I quitted tiae house, ascending tii£ stairs witii a. bumper of hot brandy-and-water. Afc tiie gate I met Dr. IT«mil*n ?A sad basmeEs this, Smimktb. and a sad welcome to you, my boy. Any bad cases!' 'Come with me,' I replied. 'There is bnt one serious case left, and that, I fear, is hope less ; bnt together wewfll try what we can do; and as we walked up to the inn, I gave my friend all particulars of tbe accident and to consequences. All through tiie night we watched snxnnsly to relieve tatae GoffienerB ; bnt as morning dawned, death mercnMly interposed in the case of tiie poor fellow lying at the inn. The others were all recovering; and tiie morning bain brought tie friends o£ moot of them, who were eitiier removed to liisir homes tx remained awhile in the «U-g« mtU fit to recognised, and taken away by his friends for intexment; buttiioseof the woman werestill ni.1j««M»J So one arrived to seek her ; and after the inquest and a verdict of 'Accidental death ' had been returned, she was qnietiy hid in the peaceful churchyard. Her ticket gave no doe to her identity; itsimplybore tie mark King's Cross. Who conld tzace her in the great world of London? AH particulars were forwarded to tie police; but no result followed. There were no marks npon her dothes nor upon those of the child, afthongh a neat wooden box, unclaimed by other passengers, was supposed to have belonged to her, as it 'a~*^»^^ a few odd volumes veil worn, and articles of wearing apparel for «. chnd ; all very neat and exquisitely dean, bat homely and plain in their make and Of Miss Brown we heard nothing more until tiie day of tiie funeral, when she attended it, dressed as usual in black. ' I found her sir,' she said to tie rector, 'and I thought I should -' like to follow her remains. ' 'Itis very curious,' said tbe rector, 'tiiat no imp™** have been made Regarding her. [ wonder whether we shall ever hear aoy tinngr 'If you ever do, win you be to good as to teU me f asked UisB Brown. 'Certainly,' replied he. ' And now, would yon like to step on to tiie Bectory and have a look at the baby r (t should very much,' sbe answered. 'My girls have grown so fond of it,' said the rector, 'I don't kndv how they win ever part with it ; but some one must be found to tale care of it. It cannot live at tiie Beetery always.' 'I suppose not,' said Miss Brown rather Badly. 'It could not be expected.1 I heard afterwards that when she went to pay her visit, baby took to ber wonderfully in spite of her black -heaa, crowed and laughed, and was altogether, as the girls said, 'too sweet a darling for anything.' And ihe grave of the lone stranger lay under the shadow of the old church peacefuUy. Wuat ULAAtili lay hinwwn *'M*^** the fresh iii ishv mound* Would it ever see the light? Was Bhe some simple praiant woman going on a journey to distant kinsfolk, who perhaps were igimrai,*-. of her intention, sod therefore made no inquiries respecting her? Or was she raking charge of this tittle one for another? Was it not straage that no due had been discovered as to whom they were, or where liey came from? Or was it a, secret known only to one sad and troubled heart, that had been grossly and cruelly betrayed, and only wished to hide its shame I Such speculations occurred to as an I think m torn; W; the wonder ceased to be a wonder after a time; and presently good Mrs. Morton nude ttmogements to plaee tile child with lbs. Coolson, who had lately lost her own baby; and after this, the excitement subsided and inwhully died away. I settled down also into my appointed place. Sosteangeo. ^topwmmg to my Ide atOreston had brought me more rapidly into intimacy with the family at tiie Bectory -han months of ordinary intercourse would have done, especially during the time when tbe invalids yet rfniMnert in tiie village. I was always welcomed by both Mr. and Mrs. Morton ; and my old friend Dr. Hamilton ins a. prime favourite witii them and witii their daaghten. Was be not tiie oldest friend the girls had? Did they not tease and torment him to their heart's content ; and as for tie rector, he could notdo without him, and tJiey were constant eompanians. So the intercourse between tiie houses was very frequent ; and the girls would often comedown and have a cup of tea witii the doctor in the afternoon ; bnt genesally, to my disgust, they chose the time when In out on some rang ride ever the moors ; and when I returned, tile old man would say knowingly : ' [ see tie girls are afraid of you Summers ; theyonly came down when yon are safe o£ what a dangerous fellow you must be !' 'They are right sir,' I replied, 'to come and look after yon when I am away. When are we to have Miss Lucy's yonng fellow down here ? They promised me all sorts of fun at the wedding.' ' Yes,' sighed the doctor ; ' it makes one feel an old man. Summers, to think of that monkey, that I held a. ijaby in my arms, going to be married ; it seems only yesterday ; but so it is. She is a rare good gui, and win just be tiie very wife r\ank Lester wants to keep his fine honse and play the Lady Bountiful to his cottagers. But tiie warm comer in my old heart is fur Hilda. Bless her sweet face and pretty loving waye. That's the girl for me ; and I hope she win meet with a. real good feuow one of these days to take care of her. Eh, Harry f ' t hope so too sir,' I replied ; but somehow tiie subject was not one I cared to puisne further just then ; so Iasked abruptly : 'Who is Miss Brown? 'That is easily told,' replied tiie doctor. ?She is the governess at the Poplars. Ton have not been there yet, as lira. Kixon and the children went off to the seaside for a while the very day that poor woman was buried; but tiiey wfll not be absent very long.' 'I have heard yon speak of Mis. 'Kixan,' I replied, ' more than once. U ahe a wraWf' 'No, no; not» widow,1 said (be doctor. \ \- Bar husband b a judge or magistrate in India; and u the climate did not nut his wife, he brought her and the children home, settled her at the Poplars, which Ms to let, found ber tliaB Brown, and departed to finish oot hie term of service. Then I suppose he I vill retina etiU eomparalaVely a young man, | growl and grnmble at his own idleness, and sigh for India again, like all the lest when ?fey came home.' 'We wOl hope not sir,' said I. 'Bat tell ase, do you know nottimg mots of Mies Brown? 'nTotiiing,' cried my old friend; 'except Oat Mr. Ni jron found her in London ; that she was at tiie time staying with a friend who was at tiie time stopping with a friend who msIady-niperintendentofoBeoffliechildren's tmanjtaln, who gave her the highest character; and But Nixon told her she was quite irresistible; so he engaged ber at once. He was right. She suite hV wife exactly ; indeed I have never met any one bo entirely sympadietlc and kindly in her ways ; and t&e; children adore her. Ton saw yourself how actzre and handy she was that awful night; and as for the baby, it might have been her own, from the way she handled ' Fes,' said 1, rather absently ; for, nratiito say. Miss Brown's strange behanonr thai awful night, her agitation, and various little circumstances I noticed, had convinced me fiiat she knew more of tiie strangers tixan she had chosen to teU. and I was resolved to watch her as dosely as I could. During the next two montiis, nothing particular took place, except at tiie Bectory, where all was bustte and preparation for the wedding ; and on a bright morning early in August, the bells rang out merj-uy, the churchyard filled with spectators, tiie village children m tiieir white dresses strewed the churchyard path with flowers; and as the hands of the old dock pointed to half fast eleven, tiie bride with her fair attendants ffp«wi Her fatiier, on whose arm she leant, looked proudly aad fondly down upon the beloved daughter at his side. A few solemn words were spoken; the organ burst forth into tiie glorious Wedding March, and Frank and Lacy, husband and wife now, came down the churchyard path again to her old home. Loud and long were the cheers and many tiie congratulations tiiat followed ; and after much feasting and merriment, tiie part ing came. Lucys fair face was saddened for a moment as she crossed tiie threshold, aad leaving go for an instant of her husband's a, she ran back again, and giving one last hearty kiss to her mother, followed her linidinjiJ placed her hand (zustin&ly; in his, entered the carriage, and drove away. 6uch a shower of rice and old shoes foDewed them ; such blessings ! such cheers ! [looked round Cor Hilda, but she had disappeared. I turned into tiie garden, and saw tiie flutter of her dress as she escaped down a side-walk, and heard the sound of a stifled sob. ?Just like her,' I thought. ' She has tried to stifle her own feelings in the lass of her only sister and the companion of her life. I will not disturb her. Bat,' I added mentally, ' what a darling she is !' Half an hour later I heard Hflda's merry laugh as she moved among the guests, and was privileged to accompany her when she went up the village totake old lbs. Watson a a bit of cake and tell her all about the wedding. After this followed picnics and exeucsuDs almost every day ; and as tse weather was glorious and everytfamg favoured us, the time passed buttoo quickly. Dr. Hamilton insisted on doing all tile work, and leaving me free to have a holiday. Was he quite discreet in so doing ? I dont know. I only know that somehow the day did not seem naif so bright or tiie party half so pleasant if any one appropriate)! my usual eeat beside Hilda. Well all things must have an end, and tins very dangerous wedding week, witii all its festivities and flirtations, its rambles by the snore, its quiet hoars at the Rectory, with sweet music or merry games, all came to an end ; the guests dispersed, Hilda and her | parentB went on some visits to «!*?*«?+ friends, and tiie village relapsed into its ordinary calm. A few days after these events. Mrs. Nixon. with her children and governess, returned from the seaside, bringing with them the seeds of a sort of low intermittent fever, which, though neuiier dangerous nor infectious, was just sufficient to require my constant attendance at the Poplars. During this time, [ saw a great deal of Miss Brown, and could not irul to appreciate her quiet good sense, her presence of mind, and untiling patience with the often fractions children, whom she seemed to have a special gift for ^mnapijT Their mother was not very strong, and Miss Bnnrn was indefatigable and unwearied in her efforts. I grew to like her very much, and to rely uponher more and more.— CkamtH-rx Journal. TnL --oBtixxM. 