TRANSFUSED, TRANS FORMED. A Tale of Blood. If yeu live in Downshire and do not know the f f iendells of f f iendell Court, you are unknown indeed; the circumstance of their name being spelled with two little f's and pronounced Fendall, stamps it with a pecu liar aristocracy. Radicals, indeed—persons who interest themselves in roots—assert that there was at one time no such thing as a capital in our alphabet, and that it was indicated by the duplication of the small letters. As intelligence increased capitals were invented, and the last persons to use them were, of course, the most illite rate; so that the retention of the two small f's is not—intellectually speaking—a feather in the f.f iendell cap. On the other hand, as a token of antiquity, it is invaluable. The possession of a name that nobody can pronounce without instruction is also obvi ously a great inheritance, and in this case it was the more valuable, since there is no record of f f iendell of Downshire having been distinguished in any other way. The family had " flourished" for centuries, in the sense that an old tree is said to flourish, and, like it, moat of it was underground. Sir Geoffrey Fendall (for we will take the liberty of spelling his name as it was pronounced, as though he was an ordinary Christian), the present tenant of the Court, was a widower, childless, and stricken in years. The long line, which had moved as directly as a pawn in chess for so many generations, had at last failed, and the succession was going aslant; nay, even zigzag—like the knight's move—to a second cousin, young Percival Fendall, of Lincoln's Inn, barrister-at-law. His father had sub sisted on a very moderate property, the income from which had been in no way supplemented by the head of the family, and had bequeathed it in a reduced con dition to his son. The former had dis covered by bitter experience that the fact of his name being spelt with two f's did not enhance its financial value at the back of a bill, while the latter was seriously thinking of discarding: the peculiarity alto gether as an affectation out of which nothing had ever come but ridicule, when suddenly old Geoffrey, acting under advice (not legal, but medical), awoke to the fact of his heir-presumptive's existence. He wrote from Downshire with his own hand to invite Percival to Fendall Court. Most young men would have jumped at such an offer, nor was Percival himself by any means blind to its possible advantages; but he was a man of that disposition which, in poor people, is called obstinacy; in per sons of moderate means, firmness; and in rich people, determination of character. Thanks to nobody but himself, he was surely but slowly making his way in the world, and he was not disposed to barter his independence even for the reversion of family estate. Thi3 was not entailed upon him, but it would have been contrary to all traditions of the house with two f's that Cousin Geoffrey should leave it to any other person than the natural heir. The young man knew, in fact, that unless he gave his kinsman some grave cause of offence, he would one day reign in hi3 stead. Would it not be better, there fore, as he had not an idea in com mon with the old Squire, that they should keep apart, so that no offence could be given by him ? Percival certainly did not wish to go to Downshire. It was November, and since he was no sportsman he greatly preferred London at that season to the country; just now, in deed, he preferred it at all seasons, from the circumstance that it contained, in Gloucester-place, a young lady called Mary Blake, whose name it was his intention to change to Fendall (with one F) as soon as his income had become sufficient for him to marry upon it. Her father was a Lop merchant, and no doubt given to speculation in his own line, hut strongly opposed to contingencies in connection with his daughter's settlement in life. He had at first refused to tahe Percival's great expectations into considera tion at all; but when this invitation came from the old Baronet he had visibly thawed, and even held out a hope that he might not now insist upon seeing Percival's ledger, setting forth that he had received in fees, &c.;, at least £500 a year, before he would give consent to his daughter's marriage. To the young man himself this relaxa tion of Mr. Blake's proviso gave much less satisfaction than that gentleman had antici pated. In his own mind he was persuaded that the match would be disagreeable to Sir Geoffrey, and render his expectations even less promising than before; and this was one of the reasons that made him in cline to be very dutiful to his venerable cousin at a distance, and through the medium of the post-office. He did not like the old gentleman; he had resented the coldness he had shown to his father, and he did not appreciate the overtures now made to himself, which he thoroughly under stood were not owing to any personal regard, but only because circumstances had made him the sole-sur viving member of the house with two f's. -At the same time he was much too sensible to throw away the brilliant prospects which had thus unfolded themselves to his view, if he could retain tbem with self- respect and without much inconvenience. Although a very unworthy descendant of his race as regarded the belief in their blue blood—which he looked upon either as imaginary or as a very serious physical ailment—he had inherited a strong indisposition to be bored ortronbled. OldSir Geoffrey himself, withhis£20,000ayear and an obedient county,did not dislike being " put out" more than he did, and when he was' annoyed he took as little pains as his great kinsman to conceal, it. Such men are, socially speaking, the very salt of the earth, who among a world, of snobs and toadies speak the plain truths to its little tyrants, even if they do not succeed in teaching them how to behave themselves. But Per cival had ho sense of apostle9hip whatever. He simply, liked his own way as much as. his betters did, and since his ambition was limited almost as often got it; a man who did not walk and look and speak as if the street belonged to him, but rather as if he did not care one halfpenny (which was the case) to whom it did belong. Moreover, his father had been no " tenth transmitter of a foolish face," and this young fellow was as intelligent as he looked. He knew himself—it is only fools, notwithstanding what philosophers have said to the con trary, who do not—and was well aware that he would not make a favorable im pression upon the owner of Eendall Court, and that was another reason why he was unwilling to go there. That we should be able to keep at a distance the good people from whom we have ex pectations (and yet retain them) is, how ever, a mere dream of the optimist, and so Percival found it. To the polite and carefully-worded letter, by which he had endeavored to evade the invitation to the home of his ancestors, he received a reply by return of post, the tone of which necessitated his immediate appearance at Fendall Court or his giving up all hopes of ever seeing it his own; in short, Sir Geoffrey was furious. . "Dear Percival, you had better go," pleaded Mary, to whom he had showed the note, with some strong expressions of indig nation, She was a beautiful creature, with eyes like a gazelle, and a voice more per suasive to his ear than any in the law courts. "But he writes so disagreeably," said Percival, pulling at his moustache; "he must be a most offensiye person,'* "Recollect, my darling, that he is an old man," argued Mary, meaning that allowance, as well as reverence, was due to grey hairs. " He is not so old as all- that," mused, Percival. " This sort of thing may go on —I mean one's having to put up with his impertinent arrogance—for years and years. The question is, is it worth such a tremens dous-sacrifice P" The wretch was thinking of his own Eeace of mind, and whether he could keep is temper if such things were said to him —about" respect" and " obedience"—as his kinsman had thought proper to put on paper. " If you get on with your cousin," she murmured, with a beautiful blush, "dear papa would, I think, be more inclined to consent—that is—perhaps he would let us marry a little earlier." "You, darling! that's true," said Perci val, "and is worth going through almost anything for. I'll write and say I will run down to Downshire in the course of nex: week." " Don't write, dear—telegraph; and run down by to-night's train." " But I am to meet you at dinner, Mary, at the Joneses, on Saturday." " Never mind; don't let me be the cause of your running any risk of increasing Mr. Fendall's displeasure. I am sure I am giving you good advice. Go to- night." ""Very good; I'll go." And Percival went accordingly. Sir Geoffrey received him with a stately welcome, thecoldness of which,however,was owing to the general frigidity of the esta blishment rather than to any annoyance at his tardy obedience to his summons. Upon the whole, Percival's hesitation had per haps done him good. If he had showed himself eagerly desirous to accede to his kinsman's wishes it would probably have been set down by Sir Geoffrey to anything but disinterestedness, and might have even suggested death—a subject very distasteful to the herd of the f f iendells. An indepen dence of spirit which had eventually given way to his wishes was not unpardonable, for it exemplified the power of the will which had subdued it. The baronet himself volunteered to be the young man's guide over the picture galleiy and the stables (the horse, we may be sure, was a favored animal with him), and gave him to understand less by words than" by his confidential tone that at some time or another, though at a date so dis tant that it would be absurd to allude to it, all these things might be his own—if he behaved himself. It was well understand in Downshire that good behavior in Sir Geoffrey's eyes was doing what Sir Geoffrey wished, and for three days Percival's behavior was un exceptionable. On the fourth morning, however, it became infamous. On the previous evening there had been a large dinner party, composed chiefly of the magnates of the county, who had treated the young barrister with a civility that had sufficiently indicated their opinion of his. prospects; and the young ladies had been at least as gracious as their fathers and mothers, "Percival, did you notice that girl in blue last night?" enquired Sir Geoffrey, snipping off the end of his after-breakfast cigar and proceeding to light it; " Amelia Elton, Lord Wraxall's daughter; it is my intention that you shall marry her." Percival lifted his eyebrows. "It can't be done, Sir Geoffrey"—here he also lit his cigar with great deliberation—" that is, if I continue to live in England. "We should have to go to Salt Lake City, where bigamy is permissible." " what the devil do you mean, sir ?" ex claimed the baronet. "Have you a wife already ?" " No, Sir Geoffrey.77 Percival could not help wondering to himself what would have happened had he answered " Yes.77 Would his cousin have had an apoplectic fit (he looked—rorj-aictur itraa itr-was^an&gone; oflT the hooks at once, leaving everybody happy ever afterwards? or would he have sent for his lawyer and devised everything he had to the County Lunatic Asylum on the spot? Percival had felt that this crucial matter must crop up sooner or later, and had nerved himself for the encounter. " I have no wife,77 he went on, "but, what is the same thing, Sir Geoffrey, so far as my future is concerned, I am engaged to be married.77 .. "What, to that hop-picker7s daughter ?77 thundered the old man, who it seemed had been making keener enquires into PercivaTs affairs than he had had any idea of. " Well, sir, her father is a hop mer chant/7 returned the young man coolly, " and I dare say has made some pretty pickings, but -1 don7t think he would like to called a hop-picker. I may, perhaps, • be allowed to add that your use of the term is not very polite to me." His face was very white, and looked all the whiter by comparison with his! com panion^, which was Scarlet. They were both in a frightful rage—the one at a white heat, the other boiling. "And who the deuce are you?" ex claimed Sir Geoffrey, in precisely the same \ tone (though he was such an aristocrat) as the butcher7s boy used, who, having run the leg of his wooden tray into the Lube's eye, enquired of him who the deuce he was that he should be so particular about his eye sight? " My name is Percival Fendall, sir, a man that boasts better blood than you, inas much as he can ceunt a generation beyond you." The reply, intended to be satirical, was an inspiration, and had quite the con trary effect to what he had expected. He had accidentally protected himself as it were by this interposition of the other's, fetish, as though it had been a shield. " By Jove, that's true," said Sir Geoffrey, regarding him with undisguised admira tion. " You're the eleventh of us, though not quite ill the direct line. I am glad you appreciate the circumstance at its full value. I had been told. by a mischievous fellow that you had been thinking of spell ing your name with a capital F." "That would be blasphemy indeed," said Percival, without moving a muscle. . " Of Course it would," put in the baronet, . eagerly. " I perceive that my informant was a liar. You are worthy of your name, and you were only joking—though let me observe that I don't like such jokes—when you talked of being engaged to this Miss Lake." " Blake, sir, is her name,'7 continued Percival, with unrufled calm. . "It is a very decent one, though she doesn't spell it with two little b's. She is a deiicate , minded, honorable gentlewoman, and I mean .0 marry her." " What, without my consent ?" "No, Sir Geoffrey. I hope, with your consent. You have only to see her, and I venture to think you will confess that Miss ; —the young lady in blue, whom you were s® good as to recommend to me—cannot hold & candle to her." " But her blood, sir ? You, of all men, should understand the importance, the necessity, the indispensability——77 The baronet supplied in expression and gesture what was wanting to him in words. " I do, Sir Geoffrey. Science has lately corroborated your opinion upon that point. To persons about to marry it recommends the microscope. Mary's blood should be subjected to investigation." " "What nonsense you talk! As if it could possibly be blood like ours! Beware -how you.trifle—or rather how you venture beyond! trifling with persons of this class. A Hot. on the 'scutcheon, remember, is ineradicable." "IfaFendall were to break his word, Bir Geoffrey, would not that be a blot OB the scutcheon?" It was cruel of Percival to place bis kinsman on the boms of such a dilemma. But their is no fetish so utterly illogical— and, to say the truth, so selfish and egotis tical—as thart of blood. " The promise was extracted from you by passion," answered the old man, " and is therefore invalid.'' Then, as if aware o£ the monstrosity of this position, he went hurriedly on—as after one has skimmed over thin ice—to paint the horrors of an unequal marriage. " Look at young Las* celles; if he had married as . his uncla wished him he might have stood for tha county; a man whose ancestry is only second to our own, but who chose to throw himself away upon a female nobody; re* spectable I dare say she may be—her father: lives in Baker- street, and is of the name of Jones. What was the result of it all?' "Why, young Lascelles was compelled to walk the hospitals." If he had been made to walk the plank it is impossible that Sir Geoffrey could have spoken of the fact with more sincere compassion for the young man's unhappy fate. " I know Lascelles," said Percival, cheer fully ; " he lives close to the Blakes." " Very likely," put in Sir Geoffrey, drily,. " And has already acquired a good prac tice," continued the young man, " He told me he is much happier than when he was. subjected to his uncle's whims and caprices." 'This was a home thrust. Sir Geoffrey seized the bellrope to summon the footman\ to show hia kinsman the door, but by the time the menial entered his master's passion-, had cooled down. He only said, " Make up the fire." The fact was that the notion , of that extra generation which Percival had boasted of had seized on what the old baronet called " his mind," and placed the young man in a position of positive superiority. '' Look here, Percival," he said, "just to oblige you I'll see this young woman, and and if I'm dissatisfied with her you must promise me to break off your engagement." "It is impossible that you should be dissatisfied with her," said Percival, gal lantly, but evasively. The old gentleman had got an idea— rather an nnusual Bvent with the Fendalls,., and hence it was the more to be regretted that it was unworthy of them. If he found, this Mary Blake "so "honorable and. delicate-minded" as Percival had described,, he might work upon her feelings by repre senting that she was ruining, the young, man's prospects; if, on the other hand, she was mercenary, he might buy her off. Accordingly, in due course Sir Geoffrey came up to London, and an interview was - arranged between himself and Mary, after which Percival received the following letter:— My Deab Cousin—Love has not blinded yotr, _ for I giant that the young person is very good looking, bat it bas dulled yonr sense of hearing* Miss B. drops ber h's—one h f can swear to; it- - was in " hospital." This is not her fault of course, but her misfortune. It is in the blood. If you marry her—being what she is, and can't help being—you shall never have one acre of the f fiendell land, nor one shilling of the> f fiendell money. Yours, faithfully, G.ff. The old baronet would not have dared to • write this but that he had, as he flattered himself, won over poor Mary to his side, - He had painted to her the splendid pros pects that awaited Percival, hut which her marriage with him would dissipate forever,.. and had appealed to her love itself to dis card her lover. ne aid not eitect what lie Had Hoped,,. but yet succeeded only too well. The • thought that she would he the cause of her Percival's future being destroyed preyed on her mind and produced a dangerous illness* Peieival was heartbroken, and had only just spirit enough left to direct an envelope to Sir Geoffrey, enclosing a piece of ma mind. It was an ugly fragment, and thus • concluded:— "If through your infernal egotism my Mary dies, I will take out letters patent • and change the idiotic name of f f iendell to - Bullock-Smithy. Sir Geoffrey was reduced to.despair by this frightful menace. In the meantime poor Mary got weaket and weaker, and had hemorrhage! from the lungs, or more probably the heart. Tho blood of the Blakes, though ah inferior fluid, was necessary to her existence, and. she was rapidly sinking. Dr. LasceHes, who was called in in consultation, said "There is only one thing, can save this young lady's life. We must try transfu* sion." The other doctor—who was of the old. school—shook his head as only doctors can. Dr. Lascelles understood at once, from the great significance of the gesture, that he had never so much as heard of the opera tion. " I felt sure you would agree with me,"' he said, with the sweet smile that had won his way to professional success—for his prac tice lay chiefly among the ladies. " You. remember Playfair's directions, without doubt P" And he told them what they were. "One of us two must sustain this ebbing life." " I think it had better be you," returned the other hastily. " There's nothing like new blood—I mean young blood." " True; I am young and strong; I can't see a beautiful creature like this slipping through our hands." And he bared his arm to the other's lancet, .f Two months afterwards Sir Geoffrey received the following letter from Percival, written under compulsion at his wife's dictation:— Deab Cousih — Actuated by 'feelings of passion, which, as you yourself oaoe justly re marked, renders one's actions invalid, I ad« dressed you a communication some time ago1,., the terms of which I sincerely regret. When the blood of the f f iendells is up they are apt to express themselves strongly; and you are tho last man (except me) not to make allowanoes - for the fact. I am thuikfal to say-my dearest; Mary has been raised from her bed of siokness,. and is now—I had almost written "herself again;" but though she is as well aseVer, this js not the case. She has in a very singular, - though perfectly scientific manner, become somebody else. She has undergone the opera tion of transfusion at the hands-^-or rather the aria—of Cavendish Lascelles, whose noble blood, to use the - words of the : poet, now " courses through her veins." One has so often heard of persons who are ready to shed the last drop of their blood for this or that, and so seldom seen them shed- eveii-- the first drop, that you may have them put down in the same category with ghosts;-but I saw "this with my own eyes (for Peroival had been pre < sent at the operation) and can swear to it. S owe a debt to Lascelles which I can never repay,, fer he brought back to life the - dear girl K. married yesterday. Both she and- »I are wel]. convinced that our union will have your appro* bation, since the sole pbjeotion'you had to it has been removed—-by transfusion. > By birth, it is true, she ib still a Blake, but by blood she is a Lascelles. With ouruirited kind regards, lam, yours truly, J Pebctvai. Ffiendeix. Poor Sir Gooffrey, thus confronted not only with a dilemma, hut an anomaly, waa at his wit's end—which was at no great distance. - . In this extremity he consulted his oracle* an ancient nurse, who had. dwelt in tha household almost for that term of years scouted by Mr. Thomas, and who believed in the f fiendells first and Providence after*, ward. " It's my opinion, Six Geoffrey," said this female sage, "as it's no use 'crying over spilt milk. The baronet himself was * already partly cf that opinion; so the reconciliation was effected, and the young couple were invited to the court. - . . \ The bride, less from interested jnoKveg -than from the sense that the old man had '80 much to-" get over" in his welcotne to her, devoted^ herself to "her host, and soon eurpassed ■ her: husband in Sir Geoffrey's .favor, " You are not- a f f iendell by name, my rdear," he once said to her, " but, thanks to science, have become worthy of the race by • mature. You were always very nice—in jour way—but there were points before' that fortunate operation-—— But there," he added, patting her little hand, " we will mot speak of them now." . t " You mean I used to say ('ospital' for * hospital,'" she answered; "hanging her beautiful head," like the rose immortalised jby Cowper. " But "I was always taught to do that, and also to. say ' 'umble' for ♦humble."' " My dear," he said quite gravely, "you used to drop all .your h's dreadfully. (She spoke as purely as Lindley Murray.) But transfusion- has picked them up for you. Depend upon it there is nothing like blood." Mrs. Bercival Fendall was a woman, but she knew, when not to have the last word. " What is the use of arguing with people," said she to her husband (when he called her a. humbug), " who? Bpell their name with two little f's ?" 