, Answers to, Correspondents. "ST. Correspondents will please take notice thatnb questions will be answered" unless the sender gives his real name and address in full-not for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith, and that he is a subscriber. . Correspondent» who wisö their question« prompt^ answered, should not inolude Inquiries respecting two or more subjects in one letter. Inattention to thia rule Is a fruitful cause of delay ia answering, ; J.W. (Myrtle Creek).-Yes. W. A. (Dilkooska)-^The specimen did not come to hand. D. B. (Ironbarks)-Antimony oro of good quality is worth about £10 to £12 per ton. Bend samples. T. J. (Boorolong).-You must give tho number of tho re- serve. Write again. R. B.-*' Dwyer, tho Insurgent Chief," can be procured at E. lt. Cole's, George-street, prioe lOd. Gunning-Tbero are two ways. The French method wo adopt, thus-1,000,000,000 equals one billion. P. S. (Sullivan's' Nest)-Wo, ho has"no right to the guinea fee. W. B. (Murray Uiver) asks-Can I transfer my ground, I being a selector, to my mother when mv three years and three months are up, she being a married woman ?-Yes. J. P. (Marsdens) asks-Was there any prize money in general given to the soldiers engaged in the Indian Mutiny ? -Yes. Alpha-Tho squatter can claim the fence within three months of its being selected. After that timo do what you I please with it. Kangaroo asks-If a squatter puts £80 worth of improve- ments on a piece of land, will that bar me from selecting tho same, if I take up tho amount of 320 acres P-Yes. W. S. H. (Wilcannia)-Wo cannot procure any of tho books you mention. Perhaps they are known by other Old Horse osles if he would be liable to a fine if ho used lils registered cattle brand on his horses ?-Yes, if you uso it for horses without first registering. A. B. '(Canowindra)-You must leave it to tho surveyor. Tho road prevents your taking up the land as you willi. The price of the Act is 2s (5d, at the Government Printing Omeo. Subscriber (Nimitybelle)- The specimen is iron pyrites; will probably contain gold, and possibly silver. If you require assay for these metals, send down an ounce or two. J. T. C. (Currawang)-State tho mineral you want speci- men examined for, and send a little more. We cannot make exhaustive analyses to satisfy curiosity. M. S.-Do not ilse" it's" for "it has." Be more careful of grammar and you may bo able to writo homely rhymes, which will please your own family circle. 0\. B. (Booligal) asks-Could you kindly (rive me a recipe for making brandy from tho oil, and you will oblige? Question not understood. H. H. K.-A tank ÖOf t by 30ft nt bottom, Oft deep, with slopes of 3 in 1 (i. c., 3 horizontal to 1 perpendicular), con- tains 1731 cubic yards. Legal (Blayney)-The Act is at the Government Printing Office, prico ls each. You can get such a work as you men- tion at George Robertson's, Pitt-street, Sydney. . Ii.lB. asks-How'many yards is thero in a tank, measuring on top 156ft Oin by 83fb, on bottom 90ft by-35ft, depth 8ft 31n ?-2373 cubic yards 7ft. Amateur asks-How to turn sawyers' timber measurement into cubio measurement? Example: Il pieces, 12lt long, Oin x 8in thick, equal to 792ft. How is this to bo turned to cubic feet?-By dividing by twelve. A Selector wishes to know the boundary of tho Solferino goldfields common. Oun anyone toke up land outside tho boundary ?-Apply to the local lands oiHco for a copy of tho Government Gazette of the 9th December, 1873. Finer tban'Silk (Walgett) sends cocoons collected from a i'gum tree," and asks-ÍB the material of any commercial value?-The insect is common on one of the apple tree gums, and the material is of no commercial value. . A. B. asks-¡fame of the best publication with general in- formation about Australia and If ew Zealand ?-Gordon and Gotoh's Australian Handbook (prioe, 6s), or 8. W. Silver and .Oo.'s handbook (price, 6s). H. D.Bruok (Trunkey Creek)-Mr. Staff, ot the Arcado, Melbourne, is a large importer of concertinas, and if he does not make them himself will doubtless give you the address of a manufacturer in Melbourne. . , M. S. (Moree) asks- Who discovered Australia P-We believe that the French nation is entitled to the honour. We have copies of French maps of Australia bearing earlier date tim» any other. ,. , Subscriber (Wogga Wagga) asks-(1.) Which is the best route to Oberon from Wagga .Wagga'?-By train to Parra- matta junction, and thence by train, Western line, to Rydal. (2.) Mr. Hughes. . ,\ .'. ? B. C. asks-How many acres of land does a homestead valued at £800. situated ou a leased run, secure from free selection P-It depends upon the situation of the improve- ments. . H. J. M.-We have taken some pains to find tho song, but without success. Wharton is not among the'poets of that period. We have half-a-dozen pieces by Thomas Wharton ; born 1728, died 1790. - ' J. U. (Moonan Brook)-We ate afraidithe work "Buckley with the Australian Binóles" is out of print, and can only be obtained second-hand by inserting a'short advertisement in this journal. .; ¡ J. S. (Warialda) asks-Wonld yon inform me whether I could dispose of a lifo insurance of £100, payable when I am fifty. I am now nineteen years old. If so, how much could I got for it, and could I borrow money on it P-Almost nothing. .. Free-selector asks-Can I, after I havo lived for three years on roy first soleotion, and made my declaration, selocl again; and if I can at what distance must tho second selection be from the first P-Yon can select ngain where yoi lllio ; any distance from your original selection. W. M. W. (Grafton) asks-M has a selection which ho tooli up under lbs old Act about fifteen years ago. He put thc improvements upon it, and has made it his residence ovei since. Can ho remove the improvements, and mateo hil homo elsewhere, without forfeiting his selection ?-Yes. ? Selector asks-I purchased a free-selection on whick thc improvements havo been completed, also residence. Thc said selection adjoins a freehold, an old purchase which thc owner is now fencing. Can ho compel me to pay half thc cost of feucing P-Yes. j, B, (Gulgong)-Tho person who sent you the circular ii a notorious swindler, and though we have consulted surces sive Attorney-Generals they cannot advlso. a prosecution He has written similar letters to scores of other personi bearing your well-known name. Cowra aBks-I Boleoted 100 acres frontngo to a main road surveyed. Can I select over the road without residing, mj time not being up on the 100 acres P-lío. You must fulfil tho conditions with regard to your original purohasobofon you can seleot ngain under the 13th section of the Act. Diver-J. B. Johnson, at the Oxford Music Hall, London remained under water, without any ineahanlcaWnid,,'.! minutos 16 seconds. Wolglitmau, at the Victoria Theatre Sydney, remained 2 minutes 25 seconds ¡ and at tho Welling ton Theatre, Z" 2 minutes 10 seconds. .' '".' i.'-ii-mu H.-We regret that w o cannot comply with your request t< publish the "lu Memoriam." It ls too long and more sui» able for a strictly local paper. Wo should havo been glad t publish at the time a short notice pf the excellent qualities o the deceased gentleman. "M '' , J. H. A. (Molong) asks-Patrick Foy and Thomas Ryan I selected land on the 14th of June. 1,877, at Molong ; wliio I was first, with regard to timo P Please give tho exact tim when each selected.-^-Xhomas Byan,'10.10 o'olook ¡ Patric Boy, 10.20:o*oloek.' '; ! Arcana'(Coonamble)-I. Your only remedy.io to apply fa .a divorce,, making tho seducer co-respondent. - It is in th power of the jury to award damages .ncrainst him. Th gentleman you usk about is a solicitor of tho Supreme Oom of N".8.W. G. M, F. asks-If a plcco of land measures 121 chains alon tho four sides altogether, would the oorrcot aroa bo 1 acres ? Ko ; the area varies according to tho length of tho sides. ] tho four sides oro 31 chains oaub, the urea will ho 9(5 acn 10 percheB. Viator.-Gall stones may arlso from opposite causes ; nu chemical and microscopical analysis would bo necesrmry b fore treatment could be reoontinondcd. Consult tba be: medical opinion yon can procura. Careful diet and solvcn is tho treatment, but what that carefulness nnd those col von are must be decided after cUagaçaisnad njualysie, G. asks-I have a large number of school slates, very rough.-; I cannot return them to be exohanged ; the distance is too groat. Gan you suggeBt any plan by which I could smooth them, so that they could be written on moro easily P -It is cheaper to buy new ones. The finest sana-papar is often used with success. E. J. ("Wagga Wagga)-Desertion Is no ground for divorc6. You would have to prove a more serious charge against your husband. You cannot marry again, but you might obtain a judge's order protecting property or earnings. By taking out a summons you oan compel your husband to contribute towards the support of tho children, B. H. (Brenda) asks-This station is partly in Now South Wales and partly in Queensland. Is lt necessary to pay duty on rations supplied to an out-station In Queensland from the head station in New South Wales?-Mo, unless the rations consist of an extraordinary quantity of dutiable goods. Sidmouth CWolumba)-Tbe sample of slate sent is excel- lent. The value depends upon thc s I zo and thickness. Thc different sizes are known as Duchesses, Countesses, ladles, &c.; Large quantities aro imported from Bnalaiid at great cost, so that a good profit should result if they can he hud on the spot. Borne slates aro now being imported from South Australia, Onions (Cobbadah) asks-Do potato onions seed, or where will I obtain them for growing. I purchased some which, when plan tod, ran to seed, and I am told they are not potato onions, as they will not seed?-Potato onions will Beed when deeply planted ; but the seed may not produce tho true potato onion. The bulbs aro generally to be had at the seed and nursery establishments in Sydney. ' J?, O. (Yalgogrin) asks-I had a room papered on lining. About an hour after the paper was put on it got quite tight, but the next day it got very loose. Will you kindly tell me tho cause of the looseness, and is there any remedy. The day tho paper Avas put on was very hot, tho next day was cloudy and cool?-Tho walls of the room wore evidently damp, or the paste was not good. W. A. G. asks-At a foot-race, as advertised for £3 10s-£3 to go to the winner and 10s to tho second mun-there arc two heats, and in the first heat a certain person comes in second. In the second heat another person comes in second, and there is no third heat, and only three entries for the race altogether. Who should i?et the second money-10s or should the two have run off for it ?-Uhey should run off or divide, G. H. G-. asks-I have some SOO grape-vines in my garden on my selection, also several fruit-trees. Aie these valued singly or in tho lot. If singly, what may bo tho value of each?-It is not likely that thoy will be valued singly. A great deal depends on the amount of labour expended upon the garden. We cannot tell tho value of tho trees without knowing, the quantity or quality of tho fruit they bear. Value them yourself, and get auother competent ptrsou to do the sanie. " O. EC. (Reedy Creek) asks--:A single man selected 40 acres adjoining mine four years ago j he hos made but very little improvement, not even a house; he hus about SO rods of fence, which only enclose One corner of his crop (whioh con- sists of between two or three acres of corn and potatoes) ; all tho other sides are open; he bas not been residing on it for three months.. My cattle have been on his crop ; but two of his own horses were on it a fortnight before my cattle, mid have been erer since. Can he claim damages from me for the crop ?-Yes ; but he will have to sue you in the court for amount of damage sustained and prove lt. Cow Boy (.Rylstone) asks-Wh-ch of tho enclosed leaves belongs to the sarsaparilla. If the one with the ribs Is tho right plant, thero ls plenty of it here ?-The one loaf is that of Ilardenbcrgia monopliyllq, the plant so often mentioned as mistaken for sarsaparilla f tho two leaves belong to Clematis aristata, a very acrid and dangerous plant of the Knmmculus tribe. It is not likely you will lind the sarsaparilla in your neighbourhood. The taste of these leaves should havo con- vinced you, after the frequent explanations given. T. B. (Mutton's Falls) as' favour to solicit from lils Excollenoy the Governor, may I asU on what day of the week, and at what hour would I be admitted to a personal interview at Government House F Tuesdays and Thursdays of each week, between tho hours ot ll ana 2 p.m. His Excellency wishes it known that visitors from the country or others desiring to communicate with him personally on business that will admit of no delay, will be received on any day at any hour that ho may happen to be at home. Hew Chum asks-If an estate is mortgaged to the bank for a certain, sum of money, and in the event of that property being'sold'and not realising the amount due to the bank, can the'bank sell or tako other property held by the mort- gagees, tho said property being purchased some time after the mortgage had been signed P-Tho bank must sue for the amount still due. (2.) öliould not the bank honour all tho servants' cheques drawn by the lessee of station property, the said property being mortgaged by the bank?-Not necessarily. R. 0. B. (Merriwa) asks-Supposing a wifo living apart from her husband has a child by another man, and her friends persuade her, to save scandal, to have the child registered for the husband as a legitimate child,' and the' child ls christened for the father, can the father have tho name altered at the registery office without leaving thc mother liable for making the false declaration. If so, how is it to be done?-If lt is false information the husband can prosecute the wife. If the father is lu the colony, it can he registered in his name. M., (Adaminaby).-A judgment was given against mein,' the District Court for £6 6s, and a distress warrant was issued for the amount with 422 expenses added. The bailiff1 came and seized the selection, and when I wont to pay, there was £10 more charged., Is this right, and who gets the £10, the solicitor or the registrar ?-Tbe bailiff should have sold the goods ßrtfc. Tho ten pounds aro, we suppose balltff's expenses, mileage to the place, levy fee, posses, sion, and selling fee, advertising expenses, &o.; Apply to the registrar for particulars. J. P.D. (Nattai) writes :-"MT, MT. D.." in "Notes and Queries" of February 1 states that "Kato" in Maori language means " strong." I am not a Maori scholar, but I think the word Kato means " all," for this reason. The river Waipa, running past Alexandra, and tho river Koratau, running past Cambridge and Hamilton, both meeting at JNgnruawhia, forming ono largo' river called Waikato, meaning all tho waler. There aro other rivers and lakes that run into tho Waikato. Wai moans wnter ; waiwera, hot springs ¡ Waite- mata, sparkling water, on which the city of Auckland is built. I ICrookwell, asks-A and B are adjoining selectors, tho boun- dary of each running down tho middle of ausmalt orcelt too intricate to fence. A offered 1) au equal share of tho creek by fencing strait across tho bends, li refused, mid without A's permission crossed the creek, enclosing a waterhole und part of A's land A now wishes 13 to remove his funco. What steps should A Inka to compel II to clo so?-living nu action of trespass ngaiust him. You can take up the fence yourself, if you like; your neighbour is liable to havo an notion of trespass brought against him whenever ho crosses tho creeki ? Constant Boader (Oannrtiun) nslts-Which Is tho proper time to roh bees, nnd which, is tho best way to get their honey without destroylug them ?-There is no " best time." Bob when the store of honoy is larire, no matter In what month that may bo. You should put small boxes on tho top of your hives, making an opening for thu bees to ascend, rand they would soon fill lt with honey, when itmny be taken ¿way nnd another box put in its place. Bees aro sometimes driven out of tho full hive into au nmpty one, You mny then take tho best of tho comb, and return the bees to thei* old hivo ; but movable bar frame hives uro to bo preferred. BubBcrlber (Muswellbrook) aslts-(I.) Cnn a mun run in athlotio sports fora maiden plato after running au adver- tised races, although previously entered for the malden plato ? You could run if you were a maiden runner when the entry was made.-(2.) A youth enters for a raco for youths under eighteen years, and becomes ti^bteeri years old between tho time of entrance and the evnnt taking pince. Can he run as under eighteen years old P We ave of opinion that ho should bo allowed to run, unless It is stipulated at the timo of entrj'. If you stated your aga at the time of entry, the committee should allow you to run. Windmill asks-Can you advise mo of any place in any of the newlyrselected agricultural districts of Ä ew South Wales where there ls a likely opening for a ilnur-mlll, if even on a small scale at first, but whore a good trado might bo expected when the solcctors had time to glvo attention to agriculture ¡ or, if you will give mo tho nnmeB und addreiiBcs of a few ol' your country correspondante in what you til ink tho most likely places (Jerilderie included), I will be glad to corres- pond with some of them on tho matter?-If any of our correspondente know of un opening for such an industry, they would obligo by communicating with " Windmill," cure ol' the editor T, and C, A Digger OBICS-(1.) If gold mining loases can bo taken up on Crown landa foe alluvial workings, the depth oeing wider lOOftP-Yes, ~if in tho opinion o tlie Minister the- ground,'by reason ? of witness, &o.;"; is such as cannot be worked without the aid of expensive machinery, &a;, but unless in any exceptional cases leases of alluvial ground leas than 100ft, deep aro not granted. (2.) If there are suoh leases granted as "special leases," tho depth being under ICOifc. P-Ifo. (3.) If a lease should bo grunted by Government through a false repre«entatloni Will it be cancelled ?-Oases of misrepresentation aro dealt with by thoMinister on their merits. A. H.-lt ls difficult to answer your question regarding; Australia. We have only English statistics. Of 1,000,000 born at tho beginning of a year, 149,493 dio before the first of . the year, 63,080 before second year, 28,238 before third year, {18,450 before fourth year, 13,315 before the fifthyear; Of the 1,000,000 born> 730,818 are alive at tho ilfth year, 702,K09 afc tho tonth year, 602,750 at the twentieth year, 003,724 at the thirtieth year, 538,859 at the fortieth year, 502,000 at the fiftieth year, 369.827 at, the sixtieth year, 237,977 at tho seventieth year, 90,133 at tho eightieth year. 11,509 at tho ninetieth year, 223 at tho hundredth year, and only ono alive at tho hundredth and eight year. I Senex (Mittagong) asks for information on ibo duration i of life. He is 75 P-According to the tables of Dr. Parr, a mon 75 might expect to live 0 years and tho 40th part of i another. In males, ono year old might expect'to live 46 years ; ten years, 47 ; twenty years, 39 ¡ twenty-five yearsi I 38 ¡ thirty years, 32 ; thirty-five years, 29 ; forty years, 2(1 - I forty-five years, 22 ; fifty years, J 9 ; fifty-five years, 16; sixty years, 13 ; sixty-five years, 10; seventy years, 8; seventy five years, 6 ; eighty years, 4 ; eighty-five years. 3 ; ninety , years, 2-84; ninety-five years, 2'17; ono hundred years, 1*(38 j (Seo, also, reply to A.H.) ll. A. W. (Bingera)-Without knowing anything about your plan of making vinegar, wo cannot say what has been the cause of your failure. Sow your potato seed in small rich beds, protected from frost in July and August. You, mav also sow a very small pinch of seed at each station, in tho rows in the field; and thus avoid tha trouble of trans- planting. Tho rows should be about four feet apart, and tho plants in the rows about two feet apart. But one plant should be loft ab each station when thinned. The after culturels hieing, keeping tho plants clear of insects, and topping when six or Boven good leaves have developed Lateral shoots, should any appear, must bo removed, so that all the st rength of the plant may be expended for the benefit of the leaves. Omega asks-In looking over your journal of January 11, I find a poem-" Cooranbeen." Could you or any of your readers give an outline of the tragedy, for such I take it to be?-Mr. Henry Kendall, the author, writes us as follows in reply to another correspondent who asks a similar question: \- "I notice that a question has been asked about my verses headed "Cooranbeen." Cooranbeen is the aboriginal name of a small creek flowing into Brisbane Water. At the sources of this creek is Horsica Gully, where a murder was committed 57 years ago. The supposed culprit was a big ruffian named Thomas Desmond, who lived in a cave known to this day as " Tom Desmond's Cave." The story that he was struck by lightning adds to the wildness of the catas- rophe, but I am strongly inclined to believe that this portion is an invention." Subscriber (Denham Court) asks-Can you or any of your readers tell me how to get rid of or kill a grass called nut-grass, or water- grass. I find that the more the ground is cultivated the thicker it comes, and even if you put the soil through a sieve it still leaves small particles of rosts, and they grow again?-It is practically impossible to extirpate this introduced weed, once well and extensively established In a garden or plantation. It would be better to abandon the cultivation than to waste money in the attempt to eradicate lt. Most of the gardens and grounds about Sydney are troubled with this pest. It may be prevented by watch- fulness from establishing itself, but once established it would cost an Immense sum per acre to abolish it. It is fortunately not a great robber, though a great nuisance. W. H. G. says-I am losing a great many of my fowls through some disease. They go to roost quite healthy at night, and in the morning some stay on the roost, and hang their heads down, with their eyes shut, as if asleep. Slimy water comes out of their mouth, and they are very much purged. If left alone they stay there for two or three days in the same state, and die; but most of them I have killed, and burnt them, out of pity. They roost about five feet from the ground, on a flat shed, with covering on one side, the others open. Their feed has been principally corn, and sometimes wheat. Would you kindly send me a remedy, if possible ?-The disease seems to be diarrhœa, caused by some unwholesome food, probably some succulent wheat. Alter the diet, and give lime and Iron in their water. See that the water is all right, for the trouble may be in that. Informa- tion invited. H. S. T. (Hill End!-Certainly not by an Australian; they are very old. The following is more correct :- ? ¿, ?? God begets in brethren hate ; Gold in families debate ; Gold doo» friendship separate ;. . Gold does civil wars create ; i Gold alone does passion move ; Gold monopolises love. . A curse on her and on the man Who this traffic first began; A curse'on him who found the oro, A curso on him who digged tho storo ; A curse on him who did refine it, A curse on him who did coln it ; ? ? A curse, all curses else above, On him who used it first in love.: ; " Beta asks-What aro the particular tenets and doctrines hold by the Plymouth Brethren, asdlrtingulsbingthem from other religious sects. Aro their partioular'ideas in full ac- cordance with thespirlt of scripture teacbing.oristhogroiind work of their doctrine heretical and unsound, when proved hy that standard?-Plymouth Brethren, a body bf Chris- tians calling themselves "the Brethren," first appeared nt Plymouth aboiit 1830. In 1851y they had 132 Iplaces of wor- ship in lîngland and Wales. They object to national churches aB too latitudinarian, and .to other dissenters as too sectarian. They reçoive into communion all who confess Christ and own the Holy Ghost as his vicar. Their doctrines agree with I those of most Evangelical Protestant churches, but they re- cognise no order of ministers. Mr. Darby, regarded ns their founder, afterwards separated from thom wi Ul sbmo ad- herents. I G. D. (Currabubula)-For rheumatic gout, ns bcd is tho proper place for porsons suffering pain and requiring rest, i tho patient Bhould at once retire, no matter what joint is in llaniod.ashls recovery will be greatly hastened by posturu and cqualibity of temperature. Colchicum is theonodioino which has most influence over this disoaso, and tho patient sliould get six minims of wine of Colchicum and three of laudanum lu a little warm water evey eight hours; and ila should also get twenty grains of nitro in a cupful of toast, i harley, or vice-water, which should bo his drink, given every eight hours, alternately with tho Colchicum, so that ono of i Diese bo takou every four hours; and tho bowels should bo kent acting by two grains of aloes and ten of salts, givou every night iii treacle or syrup, and followed next day by a dessertspoonful of salts, lt tile bowels do not not freely. Tho affected joint should bo rubbed evry eight hours with equal parts of sweet, oil, hartshorn, and laudanum, and kept per- fectly quiet till tho inflammation Fubsides. Tho diet should be farinaceous, and all alcoholic stimulants should bo avoided. A Countrywoman (Buckinbah) nsks-Owing to tho exces- sive heat, several casos of sunstroke have occurred in our 1 district. Cnn yon kindly recommend the treatment in such cases. I havo looked up several medical wonts, hut fall to Hud any treatment for sunstroke ?-In cases ol' Biinstroko tho patient should be nt once placed inva cool shaded place, bu*; don't attempt to corry him far for the purpose as precious time would be wasted. Loosen hlo clothing, especially about tlio neck, chest, and waist. Lay him down with his head u little raisod. Apply cold water freely to his head and fnoo, nnd very hot water, mustard, or turpentine lo the calves of his legs and soles of his feet. Give small doses al' weak spirits, if he cuii swallow. Meantime expect tho doctor, who should be sent for at tho first moment. Bleeding In tim atm, or cupping at tho buck of tho neck, leeches on the temples, two drops of croton oil on tho tongue, or diluted by ! enema, and some quickly-uctlng aperient in frequent small doses, should follow, but only by tho dootor's orders, unless the casu ls severe, and the doctor cannot bo got in reasonable time. L.D. E. ufeks-I nm a selector, and hold 2100 acres of land, conditional purelinst', and hold II gross-right cramed hy Government. Accordingly my difficulty is this ¡-lu ¡ io lund hold by me as a grass-right tho squatter owning tlio rmi has four dams. He threatens legal proceedings «tt¡\\*'>T nie if I allow my Block to tresrajs on this water. It will um, pny mo to keep mon to keep my stock (fromn"l?my,^r'.Ioi", (he squatter refuses to fence tito dams in. TZf has t io t loi III (us yoi) lo t ho laud round tho dams, ns ho w no» 1 untase it. although ho could do «o ^ P?* ^ , "¡5 improvements made by him " «» J^rtlib"t ^tóBUJ?l suit bini, ns l»o Bays the lund, Ju not wow it, j.ua^epRU> Government for the grass-right, but cannot make use of il I do not want bis damB or use them, os I wish to make dani of my own, but do not Uko to go to the expense until I ar cart al n about tbe power of tho squatter in referenco t myself. I have asked bim to fence them in, but he declines -Land containing Improvements which would preven selection cannot legally be taken tip under pre-emptive lease Bee Lands Aots Amendment Act of 1875, clause 35, an Regulations, psge 03, clause 4. It is not clear, therefore that you have any right to tbs land adjacent to the dams. F.D. (Tinonee) asks.-A owes mea sum of money, he ba lately turned Insolvent. Two montlis'prlor to his insolvcnc, be made his property over to his wife. Is this legal, and ca I do anything to recover my money ?-The transfer can b set aside at the instance of creditors, if by makins tb e tran: /or the transferor makes himself unable to pay his debts. B.D. (Gunnedah) asks-I exchanged abroken-ln marean foal for an unbroken illly, and was to receive £7 in a week' time. This was in July. I have written to bim saying tba I would take Bi, providing he would forward tho money n onoe, Oan I sue him for the £4 or the full amount a Gunnedah?-Sue him for tho £7 at the distrlot court neared to his resldenoc. You could sue bim at the small debt court for tho district in which he resides. Bombo, Wollongong.-(1.) If I put up my hal fofa dividid) fence without giving my neighbour notice to put up his part can I compel him to fenco by giving him six months' notici when mine is complete, or will I have to put up the re- mainder at my own expense ?-We think that rou must giv< bim six months' notice to join in doing the unfinished part and that he would only be Hablo to pay half of the expense ot finishing it. (3.) My neighbour refuses to tako a separate hali, but ls agreeable to. pay half the expense of the lot, which I do not think ls fair, because I put up a fence some years ago on part of my line, which is quito good yet, and nearly half of his fenco hns boen removed. Would I be justi- fied in still claiming the half I have repaired ?-Your neigh- bour is only liable under any circumstances to pay half the total cost. Accept his offer. W. H. W. (Newcastle) asks-If twenty men start a oom pony to prospect a gold- field, they elect a treasurer, secre- tary, and a managing committee ; they (the company) egret to pay 10s down on formation, and 5s each per week after. They then chose two members of the oompany to go up to the .Harrington to prospect. Thoyare to receive £2 10s per week for their work, and expenses up to the diggings. Then wc drew up an agreement binding these men down that every- thing theydld was to bo done entirely in tho interest of the company, and everything they got to belong solely to the company. Of oourso, thisagreement was signed by the two men that havo gono up, and tho whole of the company. What I want to know is, in tho event of thoso men Undina; Coldand arranging it in that manner that wo could not tell whether they found it or somebody elso, although we could not provo it at the timo, could wo if we found out afterwards prosecute them on tho agreement they signed, or does tho agreement require to bo registered ?-Thoagioeinontducsnot require to ba segiBterod : butyou would find many difficulties in procuring redress. Most probnbly you would havo to have recourse to tho Court of JSquily. The two men would be declarod trustees for the benolit of thoconipany, if any in- terests they might hove received in tho way you mention. Betsy asks-A father dies, leaving u will drawn np mid signed by a minister or tho Church of England and nnotlier person, but never registered, wherein ho devises his pro- perty in equal shares to all his children, with the exception of the eldest, whom ho considerad has already had more than ho was entitled to. The will expressly declared that the property (farm and houses) should bo sold as soon as the youngest child arrived at the age of 17,and theamounteqnally divided amongst all the children except the eldest. Boon after the father's death tho eldest (a son) dispossessed his brothers and sistors, and sold the property and applied the proceeds to his own private uses. This took place twelve years ago, and as the will ia held by one of the sisters, the editor's opinion is sought in respect to the validity or othcr wlseof the will before proceedings are taken. The will is signed by a clergyman and another person, but is unregis- tered. Would such a will, on an action being instituted, compel the eldest, son to make restitution cf the property or ito value to his brothors. and sisters ?-Yes. The will is per f eotly good, ond tho Bon could bo made to disgorge. 