OUR MELBOURNE "LETTER. (JFRO'M O'lQEt OWN OOERB SONBBNT*) The 11 htiLil world 2iis HEP 1 'Very-CRNE by hook or by crook, that no member is ill at present, indeed, all of them are in them good Members Jiave been very; actn e 111 their constituencies which argues that they are m fear of an ejection, and i ' 0 , make peace with all. Howerer, I still hold to my opinion that there will be uo general election "until Parliament dies a general deitu, although one may be -precipitated by a struggle between the -Oovernoi. and the Ministry, or the Assembly and the Council The former is not piobable, as I hear that Ministers are highly pleised with the Marquis of Nornunby It appears that the Marquis is a gentleman of the old school At all events •the Ministry are; thoroughly satisfied with , -the new; Governor and that argues well for peace -.Commerce is1 almost, at a -standstill, as bankers and merchants are. awaiting tho floating . of the loan. It is generally thought now that the three millions will go off. without. difficulty, -but business •people are 111 great funic about it, and cannot be said ,to sleep -soundly. The; vast importance of,the operation to firms now hovering on, the edge of-insolvency, cannot be estimated—it means relief and <5olye)ioy or ruin and Judge Noel's court. Jiinc illae laehrymae.' . <1 .Although .the,times are so-hard, bnildlug goes 011 in the; metropolis itself to a -greater extent tlian I liave ever seen beforer^mostlyfl beheve through leases .falling 111 A lai^je number of magnificent • .structiires are nowiapproacliing "conipletioii ,in,Collms- Btreet, aiidsnew, ones, -'notably , the;, new bank on the site of the old Cruerion Hotel, are.going 011. «Itis to be regretted, that brick and.stucco form the material,., stonei beingiitoo dear - to use except .by wealthy corporations. .•: This is greatly, -to be deplored, for brick and stucco do notlast and always looks flimsy. IfCollins-street aims to be, the Broadway ofiAustralia, stone should : be used. In -this, respect Sydney :has vast advantages ov.er Melbourne. , In that city the freestone excavated,from cellars serves to put up the building. Melbourne may well be called the, Stucco Gity, Sydney the Freestone Qity. - . • ....... A: host of selectors are in Melbourne • t m now seeking to borrow money on leases, but their quest is almost useless. . Agents are putting them ioff by asking them to wait until the 13th, when it will be seen if ; the loan'is ifloated.^ The banks and moneylenders have,; I, hear, taken to- a new way of domg-business, with selectors ; they insist now .that, every selectorshall not only, mortgage his lease, but that he will insure, his life, and. hand the policy over to the lender. , Really monied people are getting very particular -I wonder if they will presentlyyadvancei,nineteen .shillings on a sovereign.; , At a, late election the chairman of one candidate's committee an a small town presented their, bill for £23 -2s 4d. The candidate,: who had polled -, .only eight votes, there-—hehad.seventeen me a on hia committee—disputed ; the account, and asked if it-would not ;have been better to have paid £3-to: each voter and saved the cofnmitlee time-and ^trouble. He then asked what the committee had-done with the ,money,.and, how they had worked Work. !"• shouted :a> rHibernian / supporter of Ins who had been.-on tlie.committee and was ashamed of it.; " Is it work you call why i they drank and the sate and they smoked;: and .they smoked: and they ate and they drank night and day; week days and Sundays.": That bill stands a poor -cliance of being paid. An old world elector thought to reap a harvest over the West-Bourke election. When-Mr. Deakm. was returned he rushed to a,prominent minister and demanded a cheque for £5. The minister replied that was bribery and corruption. "Oh, no 1" said-the elector; ;''it's'given'after the poll —besides, - the i others: are .giving it, and you. must do .th-e ,same or we'll go against -you next : ±ime." :But he:diduiot get the fiver:- 'fit was afterwards ascertained that the. same individual- liad made a similar ') demand ^ V to the other side, and failed. • This man resembled the lawyer who took fees, from plaintiff and J defendant. Negotiations are still proceeding between the heads of the Catholic Church' and the Conservative or. Opposition party, • for the Catholic-vote at'the general election, Sir 'John O'Shanassy being, it is reported; the negotiator; The stipulation 13 that' payment, by. results-will be acoorded to the Catholics. It remains to be seen whether the Catholics will consent to follow either party on dictation; The theatrical world has presented no novelty during the week; but on Saturday night a nsw tragedienne appeared at the Royal 111 " Deborah;" the drama • on which " Leah " was founded. T, don't like-to criticise at first - sight,' and therefore I will first prove my views in regard to her. " Ten-Nights m a Bar Room " is thesuccess.of the season, and the waning fortunes of the Prmceas' are revived—not too soon, for before its- production the ghost only- walked = half way across the stage—that is the corps de theatre had to take half salaries. Xhear, that seeing how successful..theae mora! (that is pious-pro^ fane) plays are^Mi'.Bayliss intends to put. up another one. . Morality does pay, you. see. .......... 