ÏÏ>\\\t %\iûim (fymnikt PUBLISHED DAILY. Monday, January «, 1879. How will parties stand to-morrow week1? Wi" there be an immediate trial of strength ? And if there be, will it be upon the appointment of Speaker or Chairman of (Committees, or upon a want of confidence ameudment on the Address in reply to 'the Speech 1 Or will the Opposition play a waiting game, and await the condemnation of Ministers by a catch votol These are all momentous questions which at present do not admit of definite replies. Even the leaders of parties, it ie supposed, will not make up their minde until honorable members reach the metropolis and express their opinions in caucus. We therefore cannot be expected to throw very much light upon this interesting subject now. How- ever, it ought not to be impossible to draw conclusions from the antecedents of members or from their respective elec- tioneering addresses which should serve as an index to the coming struggle. Going through the list of members we find only eleven avowed Government supporters, in addition to Ministers them- selves, making a total party vote of sixteen. The claimed Oppositionists, on th« other hand, number at least thirty, so that, judging by present appearances," a -vote of want of confi- dence would be carried by two to one. Of the nine members unaccounted for it is understood that the vote of two, being ex Ministers, would be affected by a sonso of gratitude for favors to come. It is sup- posed that, if \io inducement were offered in these cases, responsibility would be avoided by abstentions. Dividing as nearly equally as pos«ible the votes of the re- maining seven, Dhe net result would be for the Ministry, JO ; against, 33. It is quite possible, however, that the actual re- sult would be mwoh less unfavorable to Ministers than ia tihus shown. Their men will be all upon the -spot, while several of their opponents will probably be absent. What they need, however, is not a moioty of tho House, burt a good working majority. The country has been called upon to pronounce between the contend- ing parties, and if the constituencies have obviously given a verdict against Ministers it would be presumptuous on their part to ask the representatives of constituencies to bestow their confidence. But the ver- dict of the country can only be definitely expressed by the representatives of the people in Parliament assembled, and hence Ministers are quite justified in awaiting a formal approval or dismissal. It has been urged that if satisfied that the majority would be against them they should have resigned at the close of the elections, but in that opinion we do not concur. The late House exacted a guarantee for the holding of an extraordinary session in Jauuary by granting only six months' supply. That stop was iu itself a vote of want of confidence in Ministers, and they are bound, before resigning, to invite a virtual rescission of such voto by the now House. Indeed, there ap- peared to be a tacit understanding in Sep- tember that the January session should be little more than a trial of strength, and this for manifest reasons. Had tho assembling of Parliament been deferred till the usual time-April or May-a change of Ministry would have been at- tended by serious public inconvenience. The new Ministry would claim at least five or six weeks to mature their policy. Even the Thorn administration-a mero recon- struction-asked and obtained an adjourn- ment of five weeks, and that at a dato when the year's Supply was nearly ex- hausted. Had the meeting of tho new Parliament been deferred uutil April therefore, a chango of Ministry would have thrown the session entirely into the next financial year. That woidd have involved thopassingof oneormore temporary Supply Bills on the basis of the last year's Esti- mates, tho spending of money before the appropriations were discussed in Com- mittee "of Supply, and the partial surrender "of- the Assembly's control over the purse strings.- Such a contingency amounts to a serious ¡danger, and ought in all pru- dence to be guarded against. This, indeed, we understand to be the chief object of the approaching session. If Ministers still enjoy the confidence of the j country, the sooner that confidence is ox I pressed by the Assembly in a substantive form the better. Ministers cannot engage iu the work of devising necessary legisla- tive measures with satisfaction to them solves or benefit to the country while their position is uncertain. If, on the other hand, they do not command a word- ing majority in the new House, the sooner that fact is unequivocally expressed the better. The Opposition, also, should insist on bringing matters to an issue. If called upon to take office they would need the entire interval between January and April to prepare for the usual session j and, therefore, to -allow Ministers to drag along with a minority in the hope that they will commit some suicidal act, would be quite unjustifiable. It may be that, by taking decisive mea- sures next, week, the Opposition would incur-the reproach of undue eagerness for office ; but that is one of the well-under- stood penalties of political life, and it ought to be allowed no weight in the scale against the public interest. The more deliberately this subject is consi- dered, the more apparent will it become that the comparative strength of the rival parties should be ascertained before the work of legislation is begun. Having reached this conclusion, the next point is, on what question should the trial of strength be made 1 Five years ago, Mr. Palmer invited defeat upon the election of Speaker ; but that course is scarcely open to Mr. Douglas now. He may, however, find the desirod test in the election of Chairman of Committees ; for it is generally understood that the Opposi- tion party have determined to put in as their man a member avowedly hostile to the present Ministry. Or the verdict may be taken on the Address in reply to the Speech. Mr. Palmer intimated that he accepted defeat on the Speaker ship to avoid protracted and rancorous discussion, but Mr. Douglas may prefer to make an attempt. at self- vindication, and may even cherish hope of modifying the opinion of the majority by means of an exhaustive debate. Such a course might bo of some public advantage. It is manifest that great anxiety ds felt as to the position and prospects of the colony. The opinion seems to bo gaining ground that, iu regard to public works espe- cially, a new departure ds imperative. Wo owe ten millions of money, or nearly £50 per head, and we aro spending British capital to the extent of £1,500,000 a year, and yet on all sides wo are assailed with complaints of scarcity of money and de- pression in trade. Under these circum- stances a -full expression of opinion from the assembled wisdom of the colony could hardly fail to prove beneficial, and it would bo unquestionably useful to the Govern- ment whose duty it will be io prepare the programme of the year. The Governor's Speech may be more than commonly vague, but it will provide some materials for thought and discussion if not for futuro legislation, U2)on which too much light ^cannot possibly be thrown. On the whoie, therefore, it may be hoped that if Ministors give up the ghost they will first obligo the public with their 'dying con fession. What would ultimately rfollow Mr. Douglas' resignation it is impossible to say. According to precedent, Ihis Excel- lency's (first step would be to send for the leader .of'the Opposition. Mc. Mcilwraith would therefore be entrusted with the task of forming a new Ministry, ffihere are those who affect to believe ithat Mr. Palmer will be the inevitable ¡Premier, despite ibis declared resolution da&t; year not to again accept responsible office ; but we are not of this opinion. We do not think Mr. Palmer would accept the Premiership except under circumstances that are not (likely to arise j but we hope he may be induced to join the new ¡Gov- ernment, nevertheless. At this critical juncture the «country needs a strong and capable Ministry, and thero can be no doubt that the senior member for North Brisbano would be an impor- tant and oven an essential element of strength to aaj Ministry formed from the Opposition «ide of the Assembly. As to the other constituents of a new Ministry, we have only to add that if the Opposition wish to do good to the country, or even to retain office for a reasonable term, they must put forward their best men. The Telegraph authorities aro advised that tho Port Darwin line ia interrupted somewhere north of Tennant's Creek. The nets in Moreton Bay bring every week to land many strange fish, some of which are for- warded to the museum for preservation in spirits. It would bo very easy to bring these to Brisbano alive were there any receptacle for their accommodation. No creatures eau be ex-' hibited in captivity under conditions differing so little from their natural habitat as fish ; hence probably the extreme inteiost manifested by tho public at home in these piscatorial collections. A small aquarium would not bo a very great expenso, aud would certainly be a most attrac- tive featuro in our new musouir A largo glass tank with water-weed and plants, amongst which the finny occupants could feed, dart, and balance themselves in that wonderful manner by the barest motion of the tail, would be sure to " draw," at a very trifling outlay, and al- though the difficulty of getting sea-water might mako it prudont to confino the first attempt to fresh-water fish, there could not be, with steamers continually coming up from the Bay, any serious obstacle to getting a tank of the former element delivered several times a week. It docs not appear to us that we aro suggesting the impracticable, and if carried to a successful issue there can bo no doubt of tho popularity of such an exhibition. If it is complained that there is nothing specially instructive about it we must say that the mere fact of popularising, for youngsters especiallys, an educational institution serves indirectly the causo of instruction. THE unfortunate man Henry Saunders, who attempted to commit suicide on Friday last by shooting himself, died in the hospital yesterday. The bullet was removed from his head on Satur- day morning, and he appeared afterwards to be progressing favorably; but, about midday yes- terday, he gradually sank and died. IT was yesterday reported to the police at Sandgate that a girl, between ten and eleven years of age, named Mary Jane Goss, had been made the victim of an indecent assault, com- mitted near the German Station by a black- fellow. We believe there is a prospect of the fellow being captured and brought to justice before long. SOME hundreds of persons took advantage of the excursion to the Bay by the Settler on Satur- day afternoon. The company included, as usual, a large proportion of ladies and children, by whom these excursions Beem to be greatly en- joyed. The trip, for a long distance down the river, was cool, breezy, and most refreshing. Smart showers then Bet in, and somewhat marred the general pleasure, though even then nobody seemed to regret having come. Really excellent music of various kinds was supplied by Messrs. Ben ven uti and Vizer, and the weather cleared up before the boat reached town, at 6 o'clock. An ordination service took place yesterday, at St. Stephen's Cathedral, by Bishop O'Quinn, officiating at the 11 o'clock mass. There was a very large congregation, the cathedral being crowded, aud the music rendered by the choir was of more than ordinary excellence. There were five candidates for ordination-three being about to receive the order " Tonsure," one the 'f minor orders," and one " the order of priest- hood." Before commencing the mass, his Lord- ship delivered an address on the Orders, explain- ing that these were seven in number, and con- sisted of four minor and three major orders, the former being door-keeper, reader, exorcist, and acolyte. He said these orders were prepara- tory steps for the higher orders of prieithood. Preceding these minor orders there was a cere- mony called " Tonsure," so named on account of the hair being clipped off at the time of its cele- bration, indicating that the candidate had given up the world. The three greater orders were Bub- deacon, deacon, and priesthood, and it was mentioned, osahopeful »ign, thatone of the candi- dates about to be ordained was a native of Queensland. Pontifical High MasB was then celebrated, the ordinationB taking place at in- tervals during ita progress, that in which the order of priesthood was conferred foi ming the latter portion of the sen ice. The usual monthly meeting of the Catholic Total Abstinence Society was held in St. Stephen's Schoolroom yesterday afternoon, the acting-president, Rev. Father Breen, occupying the chair. This being the first monthly meeting of the year, nomiuations were made of officers of the association, tho elections to take place on next Sabbath Day, when it is hoped there will be a full attendance of members. The chair- man delivered a short address, in the course of which he informed the meeting that ho had made arrangements for a lecture to be delivered at each of the monthly meetings o£ the society, Mr. Real having kindly consented to initiate the course on the first Sunday in February. We very much reglet to have to mention a very serious accident which occurred to Mrs. J. B. Dixon while out riding with her brother, Mr. J. F. Sloan, on Saturday afternoon last. From what we have been able to learn, Mrs. Dixon when near Mr. W. L. G. Drew's residence, at Toowong, pulled up to speak to some children (relatives of hera) whom she saw by the wayside. From some cause or other the hoi so gave a plunge, and Mrs. Dixon pul'ing the curb rein rather sharply, the animal was thrown back on ita haunches, and the lady fell with great force to the ground. She was picked up unconscious, and a doctor summoned in great haste. Dr. Kendle waa the first in attendance, and it was found that very Eevere injuries had been received about the head, and that she was in a critical state. She remained unconscious >up to yester- day afternoon, wliou we believe and hope a change somewhat for the better set in. The weather still continues cloudy and showery throughout a large portion of the colony, but the telegraph line beyond Dalby root having aa yet been repaired, we are unable -to give any idea as to the weather io that part of thecountry. On Saturday there were showers at Brisbane, Ipswich, and Toowoomba, as well as in the Wide Bay district; at Rockhampton, Mackay, and Townsville ; but in no case did the quantity re- gistered come up to half-an- inch. During the twenty-four hours ended at 9 a.m. on Sunday, the rain waa considerably heavier in the north, being as much as 2'19in. at Bloomsbury, aud 0'93in. at Mackay. There waa also a quarter of an inch at St. Lawrence, but iu the southern part of the colony there was very little rain, except in the Wide Bay diatrict, although the weather re- mained cloudy. In the southern colonies the weather waB fine. The boatshed recently removed by the Bris- bane Rowing Club from Kangaroo Point to South Brisbane, was opened on Saturday after- noon. The inaugural proceedings consisted of a procession of boats (three four-oared gigs, and two pair-oared skiffs, manned by the members), which left Kangaroo Point shortly after i o'clock and proceeded up the river to the new shed which was gaily decked with bunting for the occasion. . About twenty members took part in ' the procession, and after inspecting the premises all declared themselves highly pleased with the improvements. The river in the neighborhood of the new boat- shed presented a gala appearance on Satur- day afternoon, quite a number of soiling boats being seen working up and down the Bridge and Milton reaches, and we venture to predict that the last-named reach will become more popular than over as a resort for pulling boats and the sma"er sailiug craft. The crushing defeat of Lord Harris' team by the Australian Eleven is a very fitting close to the latter's career. After the form they showed in their English tour it was disappoiutiug to find thom rather going to pieces iu matches ou their native soil, but directly they face the English- men they appear to recover their old prowess, Spofiorth being as deadly as when he earned the ¡obriquet of " tho demon," and the 253 of the Australians Bhowing they wei e completely mas- ters of the bowling of Ulyett, Emmett, and Schultz. The ins and outs "of cricket aro very startling, and the caso with which the South Australians-who wore thoroughly beaten by Lord Harris' team-defeated the present victors, is a Btrange example of in and out running. There can bo little doubt that in Sydney another defeat awaits the Englishmen, and we rather regret they aspiie to play fifteen instead of eleven, as it is conjectured an eleven-little inferior to their presont victors-could bo selected from the Sydney players. But it may not, after all, be safe to crow too loudly before the event. A OAPTunE was made yesterday morning which will probably be a great relief to the minds of residents of Fortitude Valley. During the past fortnight a number of petty burglaries have been effected in that part of the city, the victims in most cases being small storekeepers, who upon returning to their shops in the morning found .that one or two of-the shutters had-been moved,-| an entrance effected, and some articles of more or less value stolen. About 4 o'clock yesterday morning the industrious author of these troubles waB ho rd at work getting out a shutter, so as to make an opening for himself when he was sud- denly tapped on the shoulder'by a policeman in plain clothes, who at once gave him an intro- duction to the lockup keeper, with a promise of an early appearance before the police-magis- trate. We learn that some of the stolen goods have been found, and identified by their rightful owners. H.M. SOHOONER Conflict, which arrived off Moreton Island on Wednesday evening, Lieu- tenant Musters in command, left Auckland in May last, visiting the Fiji Group, New Hebrides, Banks' and Solomon Islands. After cruising amongst these islands, enquiring into the work- ing of the recruiting system, Lieutenant Musters gives it as his opinion that the supervision in the case of the Queensland traffic is as perfect as it can be, and no irregularities exist or are possible. From the Solomons the Conflict pro- ceeded to New Guinea, arriving at Port Moresby in September, to look after the pioneers who had landed there from this continent. Lieutenant Musters reports the natives to be entirely in- offensive and friendly wherever the Conflict has been on the coast, their disposition towards Europeans being one of perfect amity. After remaining three weeks at Port Moresby the Conflict started for Thursday Island, taking a number of return diggers to land at this place, and then proceeded to Cooktown. Here reportB of atrocities, which turned out to be without foundation, sent her back to New Guinea, from whence she came direct to this port. We under- stand that the vessel after her two years' cruise is such a magazine of curiosities, that we regret she should not have come up the river, to allow Brisbanites a glimpse of her treasures. The following is an extract from a letter re-' ceived in Brisbane from a very old-established manufacturing and mercantile house in England, giving a few particulars of the state of business matters at home, and the feeling that is now being shown to insist upon a policy of commer- cial reciprocity from foreign States, which may prove interesting to many of our readers :-" A very strong feeling is beginning to show itself among all clauses as to the necessity of recon- sidering our free-trade system, and substituting reciprocity. At all events, we cannot continue much longer to admit the manufactured goeds of all nations free, and be met with hostile tariffs in every market where we try to send our pro- ductions. Uur exports are rapidly decreasing, and the importation of foreign manufactured goods steadily on the increase. The matter is likely to be taken up warmly by the manufac- turing and agricultural interests ; and we hear a union will be formed-irrespective of party politics-to vote at the next elections for the pledged advocates of reciprocity." The Gas Company people ia the old country do not seem to be in such a bad way after all concerning the possibility of the electric light taking the place of coal gas. At a meeting held the day precoding that on which the mail left London, of the South Metropolitan Gas Company, the question of electric v. gas light was rather fully discussed-and the company have men amongst them well able to offer authoritative opiuions. The belief was expressed freely that the electric light will come into use where a mass of brilliant illuminating power is requisite, as at railway stations, in churches, public halls, theatres, and similar places ; but the mass of small light- ing, the single jets of moderate power for business placeB, workshop purposes, private houses, &c;, &c;, are amply met by coal gas ; nobody com- plains of it on that score-when the gas is as good as that the people of London get. On the score of cheapness, too, coal gas is not likely to bo superseded to any extent in England. It is a very great mistake to Buppose that electricity or the electric light can be produced and supplied for next to nothing. At the price coal gas is supplied in London, electricity cannot compete ; but that price i'b, we believe, 3s. per 1000ft> 'I here is conoiderabte difference, though, where from 12s. to 15s. per 1000ft. is the charge. There may be openings in the colonies for the electric light. A PERFECTLY reliable correspondent, who is well known to us, but who signs "Old Northerner," writes to us from Cooktown con- cerning the white woman, reference to whose presence amongst a tribe of blacks was made in our columns several days since. His communi- cation is as follows :—"I see that you have noticed a report that a white woman has again been seen amongst the blacks near King's Plains in this district, and as the facts are rather startling I may as well recount them. It appears that two men named John Doyle and Frank Grainger were out towards the coast ranges, south of this, near Mount Peter Botte, and came upon a lot of blacks ; one woman espe- cially took their attention, and Doyle after a chase succeeded in catching her. He states distinctly she is either a white woman or pos- sibly half-caste, but he inclines to the belief that she is a white, her skin being darkened and reddened by exposure. She could not speak English, but yabbered like a gin, and made every effort to get away. She is aged, possibly 40, and quite gray. Whilst examining her he found that the blacks had got his mate bailed up in a scrub, and had to go to his relief, thus letting her escape, and all efforts to find her again were fruitless. Doyle bears the character of being a remarkably quiet man, not given to ' blowing,' and has said very little about it ; in fact my informant had great difficulty in getting him to speak about it, as he feels that such tales are looked upon as inventions. Doyle is certain in his own mind this is a European who has been years among the blacks, and says he will stake his existence she is not an abori- ginal. I believe Sub-inspector Stafford was out in the locality and failed to find her, but I am also informed that he got hold of the wrong lot of blacks. I think Doyle might be engaged at a small sum and sent with a party of native police to set the question at rest." At the City Police Court, on Saturday, one drunkard was discharged and another fined 10s., with option of twenty-four hours' imprisonment in the lockup. Margaret Troy, an old offender, was sentenced to six mouths' imprisonment in Toowoomba Gaol. We (WarwickExaminer) yesterday (Friday) had the pleasuro of inspecting as fine a sample of wheat as we have ever seen. This was from the farm of Mr. J. T. Wilson, of Swan Creek, and is of the Talavera description. It- was large in grain, oven throughout, and must havo averaged a very heavy yield. Wo are justified in remark- ing upon it by the fact that it was esteemed such a fine sample by wheat-growers that the whole of the_ crop was purchased for seed pur- poses before it was reaped, and a high figure per bushel was paid for it. 