TvinTTHF. TO WFTOM IT MAT CONCERN. A The undersigned is prepared to sell to those |] who favor him with a call First-class Boots I kV,,l Shoes-. colniiiaLujnvuin ■~TSa~Jnsurance and Banking Mecord notices ■ the appoiutment of Mr E. F. Owen, who prepared the tables recently for a scheme of civil service annuities and life assurance under the hl'Culloch Government, to a position in the office of the Government statistician. Mr Owen is engaged in some actuarial work of a most important kind connected with the friendly societies, ren dered necessary by the recent report of a Koyal Commission on the subject. Mr Owen's abilities as an actuary are of a very high order. The scheme-upon which he was engaged by the late Government fell through in consequence of political changes, but the tables and calculations are com pleted, and will doubtless be heard of again when the Civil Service Reform Bill is brought in as indicated by the Berry Go vernment. Abont the worst case of depravity which has come within our ken of.late (says the Goulburn Advertiser:) is that of a young white woman who, seemingly wearied of the companionship of her own race, has cast in her lot with the few dilapidated aborigines who still haunt the sylvan glades of their ancestors on the banks of the- Goulburn Kiver. She accompanies them in their beg ging and fishing expeditions ujf and down the river, ha3 taken unto herself a black mate, and appears to have been formally adopted into the select circle which repre sents the once numerous and powerful Goul burn tribe. Let the woman be what she may, it is hardly possible to conceive a deeper plunge into the slough of degradation than this, and she ought to be rescued from it, even at the point of the "Vagabond Act. She has been described to us as .scarcely twenty years of age, passably good looking, and it is said that she formerly followed the occupation of dressmaking in the town of Nagambie. "The Bitting of the Board appointed to enquire into the alleged oases of dummyism on the Gannawarra run has been farther ad journed to the 21st. It was at first in tended," says the Riverine Herald, " to complete the investigation in Melbourne, but this intention has been departed fromt as not only would it be very expensive to secure the attendance of the necessary wit nesses on behalf of the Crown, but it would be manifestly fairer to the patrie3 whose good faith is questioned . that the enquiry should be concluded in the locality where evidence in their favor can be made more readily available. The Board will therefore sit at the Lands Office, Melbourne, on the 2lst, and examine two or three important witnesses who could not conveniently travel to Kerang, and an adjournment will after wards be made to the latter place, where the investigation will be resumed on Monday, the 24th, and continued till its conclusion., It is'stated that , the Hon. J. J. Casey will be amongst the witnesses who will bo exa mined in Melbourne, chiefly as to some points in the administration of the Land Act whilst he was the responsible head of the department." The Mechanics' Hall was very well at tended on Saturday evening, to witness the second representation of Mr D'Arcy Bead's extraordinary spectral exhibition. The visionary effects were remarkably well managed, and appeared to be greatly en joyed by all present. The vagaries of the Phantom Christys, the perplexities of the Parsee and his Wife, and the droll actions of a succession o£ ghosts, goblins, sprites, and fairies! in"the Haunted House puzzled and pleased the audience to an extent seldom seen, and when the climax came by the en- i tire band breaking ontinto open revolt, and ! performing some most remarkable evolutions ■ in the air, the enthusiasm of the audience" knew no bounds. Mr D'Arcy Read's Ghost Entertainment is a novelty of such a nature that 'the like may never be seen again Geeloug. It will well repay a visit. ' A very serious , charge was preferred at | the Ballarat City Police Court on Friday i against four little boy3, named Colin and i George Fergusson, Philip Scanlan, and Al i bert Kerr,- of setting fire to the grass in the Park on the 2/th ult., the result being that 30 acres of grass were burnt, and some fenc ing and trees. At the outset the first-named lad was proceeded against, and his explana tion of the affair was, that while going home from school through the Park, he picked up a match which he struck, and the match burnt, his fingers cansing him to drop it in the grass. Hence the conflagration. His statement was corroborated by the evidence of Philip. - A little hoy named Osborne, aged eight years, deposed that the four lads whom ho named collected a heap of grass and set fire to it. The Bench, on hearing this evi dence, suggested to the police to proceed against the other three, and as they were in the Conrt this was done. Only a few days ago it was necessary to contradict the false statements published by the Argus in reference to affairs connected with the Government, and we {Age) are now again called upon ,to expose a mis representation, invented apparently with the object of exciting alarm throughout the country. After speaking of tho scarcity of money, the Argtis stated in a paragraph on Friday that the Treasurer 1 18 m pressed for funds now than has ' the case before," and that "neeotit' T ' going on with the banks for anadv0"3^ t-,V" be made on the security of the deC into which the 4 per cent, stock ij"^ converted." These statements are"^ devoid.of^truth, and mnst haveY""^1 vented in the rirpus office. No ^ has- arisen for any negotiation. 5'^ I banks with the view of obtaining vance, and no negotiations hare tat The last time that the Governments^ negotiations with the banks waa bef 1 I they were conducted by tho Chirf ^ ' himself. - ^ Entries for the Grealong Handieaxo i ming Match mnst be made with tli« <P *5-1 of the Eastern Baths on or before I this afternoon. I A public meeting of ratepayers in n „ of- Bellarine will be held at aerew f ^ Thursday evening, in the Shire Hall t ' eider the best means to adoDt fnr " Vt means to i ply of pure water. „The Mopokes having secured a 6 they will warble in it at eisht o'dnA^l evening. 