TALES & SKETCHES THUS HEWAS SAVED. BT HORACE EAELE. Author of " The Squatter and His Prot£gd," "Sottlo mcut in Full," " Ups and Downs of Australian Life, &c.;" CHAPTER XVI.-(a»i«»K«f.) MAUY D 3190N was seated in a corner work ing. Sho was tho village dressmaker and general sempstress,.and hard indeed (ho found it to earn enough to keep body and soul to gether at her business. Sbo who was once rich .in roseato tints, «waa now palo and thin; hard work and poor pay were beginning to tell upon her health. It is true that her neigh bours would not let her want a roeul if they could help it, but knowing their scanty allow ance of the necessaries of life, she kept them purposely ignorant of her condition. They hud noticed hor waning looks, but had attri buted the decline to her wasted lovo for the roprobato Sandy. In this they were only partly right, ne wo have seen. Nevertheless she flti:l nursed a fond passion for the reok loas scamp, for 6he w.o proud of his manly prowess and giant proportions, and he had at ono time been kind &ud; thoughtful towards her; when sho fvet became an orphan, ho it was that first held out the hand of protection toward her; and he it was who had kept stur-1 vation from her cottage door; but when he took to evil courses, ah! so many years ago, she had declined his help, although Bhe atill contiuued to love him. And then, when vio lence and ruffianism were added to his other vices, and idleness, and brutality towards her self crowned his conduct, then she sighingly gave him up, and would see him no more. Tom Brown had quietly lifted the latch and entered, for there was no ceremony among these rustics; and there ho beheld the poor young' woman seated near the little fire, and working by its dim uncertain light. "Good evening, Miss Dobson," said he, approaching and taking her white hand in hi* own broad palm, " I hope I see you well." " Good evening, sir," returned she in spas modic jerks, for she was suddenly aroused from reflection, and was notnwuroof Tom'e presence in the room. u Who are you, sir ? And what may you want of me ?" " I am Widow Brown's Bon," returned Tom, u and have culled to deliver & loving message." "Loving message, sir!" exclaimed the girl. "To tneP I don't know any one who would send loving messages to me.- I am alone in the world; I have not a relation left; and all whoml can call friends reside in this village." There is one friend I know of who does sot at present reside in Oakton," said Tom, lt and he sends the message." Mary's face bechmej coloured for the first time for many months. " He bade mo tell you that ho is an altered man-that ho loves you moro than ever; and that before he leaves England for Australia, he would liko to tell you so himself." w You mean poor Sandy, Mr. Brown," said the girl, rocking herself to and fro upon her stool. Her voice was low and sad as she said this, and a tear or two found its way into her bright eyes. " Poor Sandy, the outcast; poor, poor Sandy!" "I do mean Sandy, Mary Dobson," said .Tom, emphatically, " and a finor.fellow never walked. , Ah! if you would but see him now. He's ns gentle as a lamb, though, a*, the same time, us tough as an English oak ireu. And lio is always praying for your forgiveness, and for your lovo. Will you seo him, Mury Dobson?" " I'will see him, Mr. Brown, if t>uly for the last time. Ia.ho here "No; he is at my mother's cottage, where we h^vo just arrived from London. Deacon Miles* spring cart is ready to take us there, if you will trust yourself with mo " "I will trust myself with you, Mr. Brown, because good "Widow Brown loves you, and nhvays speaks of you with pride; and I am fiuro u good son cannot be a bad man." " Whatever I may be, Mary, I will be your faithful friend, if you will let me." .* Your good mothor speaks fl-ell of you, Mr. Brown," said Mary, " uud that is a sufficient recommendation. When shall wo go ?*', " At once, Mary; come over the road to the deacon's, and I will tell him whfre you ore; going, so that ho 'may stop pooplo's talk." " Very well, Mr. Brown. I will just put on ft shawl, for it is very cold to- night." And Bho glided like a pale ghost into an ad joining room, whence sho shortly issued, clad in such poor travelling gear as her ill-supplied wardrobo allowed. " I am ready now, sir," said she, romoving a fow pieccs of wood fro n her little fire. «. Hadn't you better put on a heavior shawl, Mary V suggested Tom, gazing in pity upon the ill-clad figure before 1 ini. " 1 think 1 shall do very well, sir," replied Bho, 1 and, besides, I have nothing warmer than this shawl; but it is nil wool; feel it." Poor Tom touched the delicate fabric with his heavy hand, and afterwards declared that its subatunco about equalled that of a spider's wob." " It may ho all woul, what thcro is of it, Mary," aaid Toiu, smiling frtiinly, " but the chi«f defect cert ainly is that there is not enough of it. III.to, my girl, on with this coat of tnino, never mind tho look of it, so it keeps you warm, for that is tho great point on a cold nieht. I will wrap myself in tho horse-rug wlnn we get wttlwl in the cart, 'i here now," ho added admiringly, as ho wrapped her in tho coat, 44 uow you look liko standiog any weather." f Previously to removing the bits <»f ignited wood from the fire, poor Mary^ had lit a tiny caudle-end ; and Tom, holding it in one hand, arranged tho cumbrous garment with tho other. The thin figure of the wasted girl was completely oovercd with it, and her small whito fuco peoped over the top like a snowdrop in black soil. r . Jhoj had not long to wait, for the deacon had been very expeditious, and had half filled the cart with goods. " Well,. Mr. Miles," said Tom, as they emergod from' the cottage door, hailing tho deacon across the street," are wo pretty nearly ready for a start? Look you, old friend, this is MissDobson; she is going with me to my mother's cottage; so if any curious neighbours are alarmed at her disappearance in the morn ing* you can tell them where she ia to be found. Now, Mary, lot me lift you into the cart; thero, sit on that sack, and pull up the collar of your coat to keep tho snow-flakes off. younprotty face. And, Mr. Miles, just trim your lantern a bit, so that we may soe .where we are going to/* Mr. Miles gladly obeyed, and as he drew off the horse-rug from tho back of the patient animal, Tom seized it, and threw it over his own ahouldors, at the same time taking his seat berfide Mnry.. . "Now we are off, my girl; and, Mr. Miles, yon just give me yoiir b.ll ia the morning when I bring the cart back, and we will settle up.'* " All right, Mr. Brown, I will have it nady for you; good night, and good night to you, Mary Dobson, and a pleasant journey." Cracking his whip, the horse started for ward, and under his dexterous guidance, they soon reached their journey's end, in spite of the blinding snow and cutting wind. Very little in the way of conversation had taken place. between the two travellers, for. each hud been lost, in thought. Mary was re tracing the years since she first felt that the career of the giant Sandy was interesting to her, stopping here and there at little land marks of pleasant memory, or dwelling in sorrow on those of bitterness and grief; while Tom was speculating upon the possible upshot of his present mission, and how best to effect a complete reconciliation between the severed lovers. It did occasionally strike him as sin gular. that a young woman ot Mary's stamp should yield up her he&rt; to such a battered, unsightly lout as poor Sandy; but as such enigmas daily puzzle the minds of the learned, it ia not to be won-Iered at that Tom was un» ! ablo to solve the problem. Tho snow had completely enveloped tho pair in its soft fleecy mantlo, and they looked like statues in the light of the candle which Widow Brown had brought to the gate at their ap proach. But shaking it from their clothes, they descended from the cart, aud Mary Dob son wa* received by the widow with a welcom ing embrace, while 'i om drew the cart through a side gate, where, with the assistance of Sandy, who came forth to help him, ho un loaded his stores and stabled the horse for the night. 'The two men stood together by the stable door, with their feet imbedded to the ankles in snow, the wintry gusts driving it into their ears and down their collars. 11 Aud did she come willingly, Tom P " asked ' Sandy. " Aye, poor soul! '* r turned Tom* II Did she hold out any hope for me, lad ? " " At any rate she didn't refuse it, Sandy." Sandy looked down upon the snow refieo tingly, and formed it into little piles with his feet. "Did you think my chance a good one, Tom?" ho asked without-raising his head. " She has suffered miioh through me; and, oh Tom! this brutal hand has struck her." . The soft snow, upon whioh some hot tears fell, was the only witness of tho agony the strong rough heart was undergoing, for Tom wns gazing out iuto the darkness beyond. " Will you go in, Tom, and speak to her kindly, and toll her .that I am coming directly. If you can, get her to laugh, or smilo at least, before 1 come in; and when I do come in, lad, porhaps you wouldn't mir.d taking the widow into another room, for I dhall have a hard time of it. Go in Tom." And Tom went in. By this time the widow had removed the huge coat in which her son had enwrapped Mary, and sho was standing with a foot raised for warmth in front of tho fire, whilo she supported herself on tho back of a chair sho had drawn near for tho purpose. . . 14 Well, Mary, lass," said he as he entored the room, " this is better than a snowstorm, isn't it ? And, bless my soul, you'vo got some; of your old colour back. Sandy will bo do lighted to see that." III shall be glad if ho is delighted at any .thing belonging to 'ino " returned the young woman. V But, truly, I feel the better for tho journey, and am grateful to you, Mr. Browu, for tho trouble you have taken on my account. Good Widow Brown has made my heart much easier than it was, and I feel very happy now, very happy." "And you will be glad to sen old Sandy again, Mary ?" asked Tom. 11 Yes, Mr. Brown, for ho was kind to mo once, before tho spirit of evil full up-n him. But, oh Mr. Brown! we are all subject to bad influences, and sometimes they arc hard to resist; I huvo had to fight very hard against evil thoughts and a lobelliona spirit." " You-evil thoughts and robellious spirits!'' exclaimed Tom, with a gay incredulous laugh. " Well, well, that is good now; aud all I can say is that they.must have been very weak if you conquered them;.kind of baby liko evils, not grown up, Iin«aa. Why, bless my soul, Mary! I dou't believe you could fight a worm." diary smilod at Tom's poor joko, and warmed her other foot. Meanwhile-the widow, who had been busy at the table, called to tho young woman to huvo a cup of warm tea to drivj the cold out cf her bones. Mury turned round towards the tablo, and as sho did so Sandy opened the door of the room and entered. For an instant both stood still, and then with a shriek ami an exclamation, they rushed into each other's arms. And Tom and his mother, acting upon a common instinct, withdrew into tho adjoining room, whoro both gavo way to a something which resembled tears. Tho widow's were natural enough, for tho fount in woman is closo at hand, and tho slightest excitation develops them; but Tom's wero away down in his bosom, and had to bo forced up through tho throat with suffocating energy before they could reach hid eyea. But they did r«ach them, or the application of the buck of his hsind to those organs waa futile and mere pantomime. Meanwhilo there wus much ado in the bright kitchen, for there wero alternate laughter and sob3; and presently Sandy, with a hearty roar, summoned the mother and sou into the warmth aud informed them in tones of triumph that " it was all right," and that "bia darling Mary was an angel," nnd what not, all of which-they were delighted to hear. " And she has consented to come out with me, T om ; aud to be married as soon as we can arrange with tho parson; which I Luke it will be at lutest to*morrow or thu day after, for I'll have a special licence, Tom; anil you and I will go into the village in the morning to make preparations, and Mary will, with your mother's permission, rctnain here until the happy time." * Alary blushed considerably while Sandy was rattling on, and tclliug their hoata all about their arrangements ; but she was very happy nevertheless, and could not keep her eyes off the well dressed and stalwart rascal who had won her back to felicity onco more. And so the next morning tho two men jumped into the deacon s cart and drovo into Oakton. They pulled up at his door, and des cending, entered the little shop, which looked bare enough after Tom's draught on its con* tents the previous evening. * 14Good morning, Mr. «.iles," aaid Tom, "I have brought back your good old hofee and cart, and now if you have got my bill made out let rae have it, aud we will setilo at once." ..Sir. Miles rubbed his hands, for tho morning was frosty, and then produced tho document. "there, Mr. Brjwn," s»ud he, "nnd I don't think you will have reason to complain of the prices." "I am no judge of prices, Mr. Miles," re turned Tom,but Sandy here " " The Lord save us!" exuluimed Mr. Miles, " and is " " Don't be frightened, Mr. Miles," said Sandy. " You never did me any barm, that I know of; and if you did, why, bless your heart, X can forgive as well as any deacon in your Bethel; aud better too, or people tell lie3 about them." 111 am sure, Mr. Sandy," said the trembling deacon, "I-I-am-very-glad-to-Bee- you again." ,u I am glad of it, Mr. Miles," returned Sandy, " although I must say you don't look it. I have come to bid the village a loug good-bye, for X am going abroad, aud I want to part friends , with all my old acquaintances. X'li shake hauds I with everybody I meet, and give them all a heat tj greeting. I'm not ashamed to say that X am an altered man, doacon; and as I could' not have* been worse, I may Eafely say 1 am altered for tho better. And now, Tom, if you've dune with Mr. Miles, we will just go over to the parson's house and look him up." Andso, strolling down the village street, the two friends wandered along, gazed at by all. The men, on seeing Sandy, at first hurriedly /ormed themselves into little groups for mutual support and action if required. But. Sandy, well dressed and with his face aglow with kindness towards all, soon put them at their ease, shaking hands all round, and assuring them of his good will towards them. On wit nesting this friendly display, the women, who had been chary of appearing, came towards the returned outcast and joyfully greeted him. Gathering strength us it proceeded, the little assembly began to assume the proportions of a crowd, and by the time they had reached the Cloisters the entire village had turned out its inhabitants, and Sandy had become a hero. A ring at the door bell was promptly answered by a lad in th»» parson's service, who, on seeing Sandf, started back in a fright, but bein; calmed by a kind aud reassuriug-word from tho whilom terror of the village, he quietly received the message he was to deliver to the clergyman. The old geutl-man was in his den, into which the pair passed with sensations of a peculiar character. Tom, who was tiu admirer of learn ing and the learned, was overcome by the accumulation of literary treasures on the shelves, table, chairs, and floor, around him, and at once subsided into silence and de corum. On tho other hand, his com panion was reflecting upon tho scene of his list interview with tho clergyman, and wondered in his heart whether it had passed out < f the old gentleman's memory. It appeared so; for Sandy was received wit% much kindnes9 and urbanity, and his wishes were considered in the kiudest manner. Sandy was to go to tho cathedral town, some miles distant, :o obtain the licence* and that procured, Mary and he could be married out of hand. Ilis master had been ve:y kind to him, and had plentifully supplied him with funds, which were at his disposal out of tho abundanco liberally supplied to him by his wealthy father. > o Sandy was in a position to get married comfortably, and at the same time, respectably. The wedding day was clear and frosty, and tho little church wherein the interesting cere mony wa* to bo performed was gaily decorated with* overgreeus in honour ol tho event. A small crowd assembled within tho sacred building to witness the nuptials, and the Reverend Kustatius Chasuble, iu full canonicals, ; joined their hiuds. Mary Potaon still thin and pale from long suffering and poor living, ' wus evidently very happy, and received the congratulations and good wishes of her many friends, with infinite pleasure; and Sandy, woll-ho also was happy, und when tho pair left tho village that afternoon in Mr. Miles' ! curt, a gleeful shout from many voices sent i them on their way rejoicing. I They spont two hour3 at tho cottage of I Widow Brown, whero a hearty meal was awaiting them, presided over by Tom, who had ' accompauicd them. Hore Mary found a small trunk well filled with articles of wearing apparel, a prcseut from Amy Oakton, and a letter con taining a twi nty-pound Bank of England note from Lady Oakton, with her bent wishes, while Sandy received u similar cash present, and a well bouud Bible with his and thy donor's names inscribed therein, from tho Reverend JCustatiu*, who with an evident reference to andy'e well known pugnacity, hud appended the passage, u Fight the irocd fight of faith/' ° In due courso Tom again prepared the r homily carriage fur their reception, and taking tho reins in his hands, drove them away to Wareham, where he deposited them at a littlo inn, returning himself to Oakton the next day. With plenty of .funds, ana still a day or two at his disposal, Sandy resolved to give hinbrido a treat in the way of travel, and theroforo took train for Salisbury, which quaint old town they thoroughly explored. They had wandered about a inile along a country road for quiet communion and uninter rupted interchange of those little love passages so affected hy^ the newly married, when they saw approaching thorn at a furious paco a brougham drawn by a pair of bay horses. Tho driver had apparently lost all control over their raotion3, though evidently trying his hardest to subdue them into compliance with his wishes. From either window projected a head, the one mule, decorated with a luxuriant beard, tho otner female, covered with a dark velvet hat trimmed with long feathers. Both were gesti culating to the driver, whose powers wero so evidently absoibed in his endeavours to restrain the fractious horses, that their words and signs were wasted. The snow which had- falleu thickly throughout the past two days, had filled up the hollows iu tho road, which looked therefore as level as a howling green. Tho driver misled by this appearance, and being a stranger to the locality, saw no pro entdanger, and was therefore only concerned lest his horses should stumble on tho hard road beneath the soft covering of snow. But he soon discovered his error, for suddenly tho carriage wheels on ?ho nearside slid down the;sida of a hidden ditch, and iu an instant the vehicle overturned, and tho horses were struggling beneath a mass of snow. Hastening towards tho scene of the catas trophe. Sandy succeeded in forcing open the upp&r; door of the carriage, and in rtBcuing tho occupants, who, fortunately, were more frightened than hurt, and tbsn assisted the coachman to disengage the horses which were kicking and plunging in the snow. A sharp knife soon released them, and they wero led on to the road where they stood trembling and panting from their recent struggles. 'J he gentleman, having seen to the safety of the lady, hastened to thank Sundy for his timely aid. The voice "was instantly recognised by the latter as that of the man who had urged him on to sh^ot Ernest, and not wishing to be recognised by his own voice, and trusting to his altered dress and manner to disguise his appearance, he merely bowed and turned away towards his bride, who stood some paces off awaiting his return. He had scarcely rejoined her when the lady traveller called to the gentleman by name, to rescue from the overturned carriage a parcel which she seemed to value. 11 Eversleyl" thought Sandy, when he heard the name, " can it bs Tom's master, and it so what interest could be have in the maiming of Ernest Morton?" * Leaving his bride for a moment he stepped towards the coachman who was holding the horses. "Tell me, my friend," said.he, " is your master from Loudon-~from Bennil^street ?*' . 1 I believe housed to live there; but the house has been soli, and he now lives in St. John's Wood temporally-for I believe ho owns property somewhere in Australia, and is going to tuke his brido there shortly. I don't know anything much about them, only they are very rich, and the lady is very free with her money." " Is that lady his wife then ? " asked Sandy. " Yes, they were married about a week ago in London, and are having a round before going abroad. The carriage is not theirs, but belongs to my employer, a livery stable keeper in the city, who has hired it to them for their trip, and me with it." "What are you going to do about tho car. riage?" " X must await his instructions; i suppose we must get some assistance to pull it out of the ditch." " Perhaps X can tako a mtssago into town for him ; run and ask hiui while I hold the horses." The man hastened towards his employer, ana put the question to him. "Thanks, my friend," shouted Mark from the carriage,11 if you will ba good enough to send half a dozen men, and some rope*, we shall be ablo to right thft oarriage. Mean while if you would undertake to guide Mrs. Eversley to tho White Horse Hotel, in Sslis bury, I should be obliged, and I will join you as soon as I can." Sandy bowed once more, and then requested Mr*. Eversley to accept his guidance to the hotel, who at once consented. , " Join mo as quickly as you can, Hark," paid I the latter, " and I will hate dinner waiting for you." "Right, Sarah, as 'you always are; 'I can assure you that I feel like doing a i»ood meal ample justice after this long fast. Now, good bye for the present. John and I will light our pipoa, taste the contonts of the fl isk, if it bo not snirish.d, and patiently await the arrival of assistance. Tie up the horaes to that trco John." And so Mary, Mrs. Eversley, and Sandy walked quic ly forward to towuj whero tho re quired aid was obtained, and deapatched to the overturned vehicle. Here they parted, to meet under other skies. 