JUratsmettte. The third concert of the season given by the Philharmonic Society took place in the Town Hall on Thursday evening. There were between 400 and 500 persons present. The concert as - a whole was a most successful one, and the members of the Society are deserving of the - highest praise for the manner in. which they' rendered Haite's cantata," Abraham's Sacrifice." It was the first time they attempted the pro duction, but their general perfection would lead one to suppose that they had frequently yet there is a nobleness and grandeur about it which if properly expressed cannot be hat pleasing to a musical audience. Some of the choruses are particularly fine, and they con stituted the most successful feature in the enter tainment, because of the remarkable precision with which they were given. There was a very good attendance at "White's Rooms on Tuesday evening, Jnly 15, on the occasion of the complimentary benefit to Mr. and Miss Vivian. The enter tainment was a long and varied one, and was received with general satisfaction, the many amusing duets, songs, and scenes fey the Vivians causing much diversion. Mr. Wilkins's cornet solo was also a feature of the evening. Miss Despard is to be complimented on the manner in which her songs were rendered, being, gifted with the rare faculty of imbuing fcem with a more than ordinary amount of feeling.. " The dear little shamrock" was her best effort,. bnt she also sang " I thought of thee" (composed for her expressly by Mr. H. N. Weippert) with great taste. The entertainment concluded with the comedietta of " The Silent Woman." Mr. Weippert presided at the piano. After a lengthened tour through Sonth Africa, Mauritius, Ceylon, India, and the Straits Settlements, Mr. D'Arcy. Bead, who gives what he terms the "Original Ghost" entertainment, has found his way to this colony, and he opens for a short season at White's Booms, beginning with next Saturday. The Theatre Royal has been nightly crowded in every part to witness "Henry V.," the magnificence of the tableaux evoking, the most enthusiastic admiration. Mr. Allison may be congratulated upon the result of his enterprise in engaging Mr. Rignold to appear before an Adelaide audience^ for a short season. The play, it may he con fidently predicted, will have a long run yet. The entertainment which was to have been given at the Theatre Royal on Saturday afternoon for the benefit of Mrs. F— M. Bates, the widow of the late Mr. F. M. Bates, a well-known actor, has been post poned for a week. The reason given for the alteration is that the intercolonial football match might interfere with the success of the entertainment from a financial point of view. The Lynch Family are occupying the Academy of Music for a short season, and made their second appearance on Monday night. It needs extraordinary inducement to draw people from their warm firesides to face the rain and tramp through the muddy streets at this season of the year, and therefore it is not to be wondered at that the house was not fuIL The Lynch Family are fairly entitled to be conaideaed per fect as bellringers, for they manipulate the bells with faultless precision. In addition they give many particularly funny sketches, which afford great arausement'to the audience. The company are this trip minus the services of Mr. Lynch, sen., who has settled down in Victoria, but are assisted by Miss May Vivian, whose singing and dancing were deservedly appreciated, and Messrs. Frank Verten and Tom Buckley, who (are both decidedly clever in their lines of business as singers and step dancers, and received frequent marks of approbation. To those who want a hearty laugh and simple enjoyment we would say go and see the Lynch Family of Bellringers; and if they can sit out the comic dnet, " My grandfather's farmyard," by the brothers; Robert and Willie, or to the trio (not quartette, as in the programme), " Ohung-chong-chow," without changing coun tenance, then their case is certainly a hopeless one. Of the various pieces set down for the bells the favonrites with the audience were " Come home, father," " Ring the bell, watchman," and "Home, sweet home." The familiarity of the tunes had perhaps something to do with the preference manifested for them, hat the per formances of the "Copenhagen Waltz" and " Lincoln's March" on the stand-bells were of" equal merit with those pieces already mentioned. The bellringers were encored more than once, and Miss May Vivian and Messrs. Buckley and Verten had to pay a similar penally. The musical interlude " Mollie, dear," and the farce of "Mr. JohnBon in want of a Coachman" con cluded a most pleasant evening's entertainment. On Saturday evening next a burlesque on " King Henry V." is announced to be produced at the Academy. 