GEELONG. (from our oivn correspondents.) February 27. Our Assize Court held its sittings on Saturday and Monday last, His Honor Judge Barry presiding. Purdue, late Treasurer to our Public Library, tried ou nine charges 01 embezzlement of small sums pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to seven years and eleven months' im prisonment, a sentence which has elicited much adverse comment. Jones and Walker residents of Sandhurst, were arraigned for several charges of horsestealing, the former being acqittted, and the latter receiving four years imprisonment with hard labor. Both have been convicted on similar charges before. Moylan was acquitted on the Colac rape case. The calendar was a very heavy one. Mr Purves held most of the briefs. The first eleven of the Fitzroy (Mel bourne) cricket club came to Geelong on Saturday, and played a match with our chief club, the Corio. At first it seemed as if tlie local Knights would make a poor score, as Thomas the captain, one of the finest cricketers in the Colony, had to retire after the third ball, and Watson and ; Gliddon soon followed suit. By the careful batting of Riddle, however, and oilier second-rate men, the score was brought up to 113, against which the visitors could only make 84. One of the metropolitan men made 42 in good cricketing style. The Kev. C. Molyneux of Melbourne, and the Rev. W. Ross, of Williamstown, officiated morning and evening respectively at the Candover' St. United Free Metho dist Church, and the Rev. W. M. Alex ander, of Melbourne, conducted divine service at the Presbyterian Church, Great Ryrie Street. On Monday, some six hundred scholars &c.;, from St Peter's Episcopalian Sabbath school, Ballarat, made their annual ex cursion t® this city, and as the day was hot, the visitors largely patronised our three beautiful parks, the Botanical Gardens, and the baths, yachts, &c.; The Geelong Annual Swimming Matches took place at the Western Baths ou Tues- day, in the presence of about seventeen hundred spectators, many of whom were ladies. So great was the desire to witness these contests, that many did not grumble at being compelled to stand in punts. The events were numerous and well con- tested, and the prizes were worth com- petition. Miss Dick, the champion lady swimmer of the world was present, with one of her Melbourne pupils, and gave several exhibitions of her prowess, some of which were both graceful and difficult, j . dY appeared with diamond rings adorning her fingers, bracelets on her arms, and medals on her breast. The chief pris were secured by the brothers Mclndoe of this town, and these two carried off the lion's share of the prizes at the late Ballarat matches. Professor Dr Hearn, M.L.C. delivered a brilliant' lecture before the members of the Political Reform Association on Wednesday, in the large hall of the PublicLibrary. The subject was " National Loyalty, and any one looking at Dr. Hearn s exterior apperance, and listening to. his awkward delivery, would scarcely think he is one of the greatest living authorities on Constitutional Law, and its concomitant sciences. Throughout the week the charming fairy nursery story " Beauty and the Beast," has been performed at the Ryrie Street theatre. It is exceedingly worthy of patrongae, and was the Bill of fare for the Christmas season, at the Opera House, Melbourne. Mr Garnet Walch is the writer of the dialogue attached to the pan tomime. D'Arcy Read's, " Ghost" enter tainment, still draws crowded houses, the latest novelty in connection with it being the " Chinese Phantom Dancers". A young fellow from Colac is lying in our hospital suffering from the effects of a powerful dose of crotonoil, which article he swallowed with the intention of com mitting suicide, owing it is said, to being " crossed in love." On Wednesday, Constable Sharpe of Shelton, between Geelong and Ballarat, captured a man perfectly nude, in the bush, where he has been domiciling some days. He gave his name as Cleary, a sheep shearer at Buninyong, and is probably demented. He is nnder medical treatment at our lockup. On Wednesday morning the Rev. S. Herman, J ewish Rabbi, who had attained the ripe age of ninety years, died at hia residence in Myers Street, after an illness of three weeks' duration. He has been ministering in Geelong for ten years, having come here from Ballarat, where he resided for five years. The cause of death was inflammation of the lungs. The body of a laboring man, supposed to be a harvester on the tramp, has been found partially under the trunk of a tree in the bush in the Bambra Forest. The unknown man's head was found to have been fractured, and one of his legs broken. The injuries which must have caused in stantaneous death, are supposed to have been received by the tree falling on deceased. The tree bad been fired at the tminlr an/3 if -io 4-ln(. 4-«n««in uu») wuu aw 10 ouiiuiocu i> 11 a. (j i> 11 ci ifiaiup went to sleep, and that during bis slumbers be bad been killed. . A Doubtful Honor. — The following news concerning Kenneth M'Donald, who escaped from Hamilton gaol, where he was awaiting his trial on a charge of sheep stealing, is given by a correspondnt of a country paper: — "Kenneth M'Donald has made good Iris escape. A gentleman residing in this district avers that he has had communication with a man who had the honor of rowing M'Donald from Bridgewater, near Portland, andi placing 1 him on board an outward-bound, vessel " | 