A LEGEND OF COLOGNE. By Biiet Hartk. Aiiovii tho bones St. Ursula owns, And thoso of the virgins sho chaperones ; Above tho boats, Anrl the bridgo that floats, And tho Khiuo and the steamer's smoky throats ; jluoyu miu cmmncys ana quaint uiea roofs, Above the clatter of wheels and hoofs ; Above Newmarket's opon spacc. Above that conscrated place Whero tho genuine hones of .the Mngi seen are, And tho dozen shops of tho real Farina, Higher than oven old Itohcstrasu, Whose housos threaten the timid pas ser ; Abovo thorn all, o Through scaffolds tall And spires liko delicate limbs in splinters, The great Cologne's Cathedral stones . Climb through the storms of eight hundred winters. Unfinished there, In high mid air The towers halt liko a broken prayer ; Through years belated, Unconsummated, The hopo of its architect quite frus trated. Its very youth Thoy say, forsooth, With a quite improper purpose mated; And every stone With a cu se of it3 own Instead of that sermon Shakspeare stated, Sinco the day its choir, Which all admire, By Cologne's Archbishop was consecrated. Ah ! that was a day, uuu wuu mignr- say, To bo marked with the largest, whitest stone To bo found in tho towors of all Cologne ! Along the Ehine, From old Rheinstoin, The people flowed like their own good wine. From Rudesheim, And Geisenheim, And every spot that is known to rhyme ; From the famed Cat's Castle of St. Goars hausem, To the pictured roofs of Assmannshausen ; And down the track, From quaint Schwalbach To tho clustering tiles of Baoharach ; From Bingen, hence To old Coblentz : From every castellated crag, Whero the robber chieftains kept their 'swag,' The folk flowed in, and Ober-oassel Shone with'the pomp of knight and vassal ; And pouring in from near and far, As the Rhine to its bosom draws the Ahr, Or takes the arm of tho sober Mosel, So in Cologne, knight, squire, andlosel, Choked up tho city's gates with men From old St. Stephen to Zint MUrjen. What had they como to see ? Ah me ! I fear no glitter of pageantry, Nor sacred zeal For Church's weal, Nor faith in tho virgins' bones to heal ; Nor childlike trust in frank confession Drow these, who, dyed in deep trans gression, Still in each nest On every crest Kept stolen goods in their possession ; But only their gofl. t For something new, More rare than tho 'roast' of a wandering Jew; Or — to be exact, To see — in fact — A Christian soul, in the very act Of being damned, secundum artcm, By the devil before a soul could part 'em. For a rumour had flown Throughout Cologne, That the Church, in fact, was the devil's own ; That its architect (Being long ' suspect,') Had confessed to tho bishop that he Jiad wreckt Not only his own soul, but had lost The very first Christian soul that crossed The sacred threshold ; and all, in fine. For that very beautiful design . Of tho wonderful choir They wero pleased to admire. And really, ho must be allowed to say To speak in a purely business way — That, taking the ruling market prices Of souls and churches, in such a crisis It would be shown — And his Grace muBt own — It was really a bargain for Cologne ! Such was tho tale That turned cheeks pale With the thought that- the enemy might prevail, _ , And the .church doors snap With ii thunder-olap Qn a-Gkristian soul in that devil's trap. But a wiaer few, Who thought that they knew Cologno's Archbishop, replied, 'Pooh, pooh ! J ust watch him and wait, Aud as sure as fato You'll find that tho Bishop will give ' check mate.' ' One hero might note How the popular voto, As shown in all legends and anecdote, Declares that a breach Of trust to o'orroaoh Tho devil is something quite proper for each : And really, if you Give the devil his due, In apite of the proverb— it's something you'll rue. But to lio and deceive him, To uso and to leave him, From Job up to Faust is the way to reoeivo him, Though no ono has heard It over averrod That tho 11 Father of Lies' ever yet broke his word, But has left this position, In every tradition, To bo taken alone by the ' Truth loving' Christian 1 Bom ! from tho tower 1 It is the hour ! Tho host pours in in its pomp and power Of banners and pyx, And high crucifix, And orosiers and othor prooessional sticks, And no ond of Marys Iu quaint roliquarios, To gladdon the souls of all true antiquaries ; And an Osculum Pads — (A myth to the masses Who trusted their bones moro to mail and r ouirasses), All borno by tho throng Who are marohiug along To the Bquaro of the Dom with processional song, With the flaring of dips, And bonding of hips, And tho chanting of hundred perfunotorv lips ; , And somo good little boys Who had como up from Neuss And the Quirimtskirchc to show off 'their voico ; ? All maroh to tho square t,i, . ''10 frreat Dom, and there xilo right and left, leaving alono and quite bare ' A covered sedan Containing — so ran The rumour— tho viotimto tako off the Ian. Thoy havo loft it alono, ? Thoy havo sprinkled- ench stone Of the poroh with a sanotified Eau 1U Cologne , Guaranteed in .this, case To diiguiae every trace ^ ' \ \ , Of a sulphurous presence in that saored place. Two Carmelites stand On tho right and left hand Of the covored sedan oliair, to wait tho com mand Of tho prelato to throw Up tho cover and show Tho form of tho viotim iii terror below. Thero's a pauso and a prayer Thou tho signal, and thero — Is a woman ! — by all that is good and is fair ! A woman ! and known To them all. Ono must own Too well known to tho many, to-day to bo shown As a martyr, or o'en As a Christian ! A queou Of pleasaunco and revel, of glitter and sheen. So bad that tho worst Of Cologno spako up first, And declared 'twas au outrago to Buffor ono curst And already a fief Of tho Satanic chiof, To martyr herself for tlio Church's relief. But iu vain fell their snper On tho mob, who I foar On tho wholo felt a strong disposition to cheer. A wornau ! and thero Sho stands in the glare Of tho pitiless sun and their pitying staro. A woman still young, With garments that olung To a figure, though wasted with passion, and wrnng With remorse and despair, . Yet still passing fair, With jewels and gold in her dark shining hair, And cheeks that aro faint 'Neath her dyes and her paint — A woman most surely — but hardly a saint ! Sho moves. Sho has gone From tlioir pity and scorn ; She has mounted alono T'ho firaf cfnn r»f af-nniv And the high swinging doors sho wide open has thrown, Then pauses and turns As the altar blaze burns On her cheeks, and with ono sudden gesture she spurns Archbishop and prior, Knight, ladyo, and friar, And her voico rings out high from tho vault of the choir. ' Oh, men of Cologno ! What I wai ye have known, What I am, as I stand here, One knoweth ? alone. If it bo but His will I shall pass from Him still Lost, curst, and degraded, I reckon no ill If still by that sign Of His anger divine Ono bouI shall bo saved He hath blessed more than mine ! Oh, men of Cologno ! Stand forth if ye own A faith like to this, or moro fit to atone, And tako ye my plaeo, And God give you grace To stand and confront Him, liko me, faoe to face!' She paused. Yet aloof Thoy all Btand. No reproof Breaks the silence that fills the celestial roof. One instant — no more — 'She halts at the door, Then enters! . . . A flood from the roof to the floor Fills tho churoh rosy red. She is gone! But instead, Who is this leaning forward with glorified head And hands stretohod to save ? Sure, this is no slave Of the Powers of Darkness, with aspect so brave ? They press to tho door, But too late ! All is o'er ; Nought remains but a woman's form prone on tho floor. But they still see a trace Of that glow in her face, That they saw in the light of the altar's high blaze, On tho image that stands With the Babe in its hands, Enshrined in tho lchurches of all Christian lands. A Tc Deum sung, A censer high swung, With pr-iise, benediction, and incense wide flung, Proclaim that the curse Is removed — aud no worse Is the Dom for the trial — in fact, the reverse. For instead of their losing A soul in abusing The Evil One's faith, they gained one of his choosing. Thus the legend is told, You will find- in the old 'Vaulted aisles of the Dom — stiff in marble or cold In iron and brass. In gown and cuirass. The knights, priests, and bishopB who camo to that Mass. And high o'er tho rest, With lier Babe at her breast, Tho image of Mary Madonna — the blest. But you look round in vain, On each high picturod pane, For the woman most worthy to walk in hor train. Yet, standing to-day O'er tho dust and the clay, 'Midst the ghosts of a life that hits long passed away, With the slow- sinking sun Looking softly upon That stained-glass procession, I scarce miss tho ono That it does not roveal, For I know and I feel That these are but shadows— the woman was real. — Belgravia. On Wedding Kings. — From very early ages a peculiar abarm appears to have been oonneoted with tho ring. Without beginning or end, it has long been regarded as an emblem of eternity, nnd also of the strength and perpetuity of affectioo. The fourth fioger of the left hnnd has long been con sidered sacred, and honce has been oonee. orated to wear tbe wedding ring. The Greeks and Romans wore bo fully convineed of the intrinsic value attached to this finger, that' it was oalled the medioal or healing finger. | Their various medioinal preparations were : stirred with it in plaoe of a spoon, it being supposed that Bhould any noxious ingredient be inoluded iu tbe onp, warning of the faot would immediately bo given by a palpitation of the heart. In some remote country places in England this Bnperstition is still firmly believed in. Tho other fingers are thought to possess a oertain power of evil, but a wound or Bore stroked by the wedding finger is expected by thorn in a Ehort time to dis appear; and tho wedding ring itaelf ia by many supposod to have the same heuling effect. Tho rings used by tbe Jews at their marriage ceremonies were sometimes very large in size, and elaborate in design; tbe Jewish law demanded, too, that they should be of a oertain value, and to prove this to be the oaae, they were before the ceremony submitted to an examination. It was a rnlo, alBO, that tho bridegroom should purobaee the ring out of his own private resources, and not obtain it either ou credit or as a gift from a friond ; and after the ring had been plaoed on the bride's linger, the marriage was coneidered then, as it is now, to be irrevocably binding. Among tho fishermen on the west coaat fo Ireland tho wedding ring is kept as an heirloom in tho family, and is considered as tho properry of the eldest married daughter, consequently many of the, wedding rin|!B still worn by the fish wives in that district are quite old and of exceedingly ancient design, being manu factured as far back as tho E izabethan era. In the sixteenth century, both marriage and .betroibnl riogs wero mado with a motto or poBj- inscribed inside, and to these Shaks peare, ia-ttffoor three of his plays, refers.— CaiieW»,pomeslic Dktmary. ' 