THE SECRET OF POWER. ADDRESS DELIVERED AT THE HALF-YEARLY MBET- ING OF THE CONGREGATONAL UNION, BY THE CHAIRMAN, REV. JOHN MOEWIN. Fathers and Brethren, Ladies and Gentlemen— The swiftly rolling wheels of time have again brought round our half-yearly meeting. To me it seems but yesterday since at our annual assembly, I was called to address you on "Our Social and Religious Condition ; its defects and the remedies," In that address I pointed out what I conceived jko be tho real condition of the Church and the world. To-day, in the brief time at my disposal, I propose to set before you the ideal Christian life, which, ff fully realised, would make this world an ideal world. Asking yo'ir forbearance then for a; few minutes without further preamble or introduction, I announce my object as THE SECRET OF POWER. It seems to me that in the present day it is all important that the Church should consider this subject, and know this secret, and practice it. That power is needed by the Church and the individual Christian will not be denied. The Church oil earth is the Church militant, or the Churcli engaged in warfare. The individual Christian is to be a good soldier of Christ Jesus. Warfare implies foes to contend against, battles to fight, difficulties to be overcome. There perhaps never was an age of the world's history when the foes of religion were so numerous and bold, or when the opposition offered to the Church was so bitter, so organised, so mighty. Arrayed against the Church we find heathenism, which, however, may be regarded as a waning force; Popery, which although wounded it was thought, unto death, has recovered so surprisingly and is putting forth in these days such bold and daring pretensions. There is also scepticism—a polished, cultured, would-be- scientific scepticism—which is invading the strongholds of religion and attacking the very vitals of our faith. Further, we have in the present day to contend against ungodliness, the ungodliness which springs from the deep seated depravity of the human heart, which makes men lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God—which finds its outcome in intemperance, sensuality, Sabbath-breaking, absence from the means of grace, and in lawlessness and vice generally. Shall I say also that the Church has to contend against a spirit of false and spurious liberalism within herself, with a spirit of accom- modation to the world, with a disposition to gloss over unpleasant truths —to make the terrors of the Lord less terrible—to place divine revelation on its trial at the bar of human reason and sentiment. I do not pretend to give a complete list of the forces against which the Church has to do battle. Chief amongst those which I have named I regard ungodliness. The opposition of the human soul to God—the choosing of things temporal rather than things eternal—the living for the present—the spirit which says, " let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die." It is the work of the Church to TESTIFY AGAINST THIS SPIRIT, to cast it out, to overcome it. Is the Church doing this ? Truly the battle array of the Church is formidable. Her buildings for worship are spacious and imposing. Her preachers are numerous and learned aud eloquent. The machinery she has at work is varied and complete, but the work is not done. The mass of ungodliness is not touched, and like the rolling snowball, it gathers size and power as it moves on. We command the evil spirits to come out of men, and they don't come out; they laugh us to scorn, they defy our power, we are impotent to exorcise them, and they in turn leap upon us and attempt our destruction, and put us to flight. The following is the tone now assumed by the secularists: " Our position is essentially antagonistic to theology, and the Church must annihilate us or we it." Am I right or wrong in saying that the Church is impotent to affect the growing forces of evil ? If so, how is it ? Did God intend that it should be so, or has He placed power at the disposal of the Church, and is she weak because she has failed to clothe herself with this might ? This is the position we take. If the Church is weak, it is culpable weaknoss. If we are weak and impotent in our work for God, it is because we fail to put on our strength. Power for God is not a thing unknown in the history of the Church. In the early centuries of the Church's history, in the days of her fresh young faith and love, like an explosive force, she burst assunder the power of Pagan Rome, and swept away the barbarism of Europe. In later days after religion had become corrupted and overlaid with the superstitions and traditions of Rome, at the hands of a few heroes clad with the might of God, the work of the Reformation was effected. The spiritual power is no chimera, no mere beautiful idea which has never been realised, but A REAL PRACTICAL TRUTH, we have abundant proof in the history of such men as Luther, Wesley, and Whitfield, Scripture furnishes us with examples in such names as those of Moses, David, Elijah, Peter, Stephen, and Paul. Nor does the present day fail to furnish us with instances of men who possess this power, who, like Saul, stand a head and shoulders above all their brethren. Such a man is Geo. Muller, pre-eminently a man of faith. Mr. Moody, whose evangelistic campaign through England a few years ago shook the country to its very centre, and who now is making a triumphal progress through America. The secret of his success lies not in his culture nor in his eloquence, nor in the graces of his manner, for he has none of these "things. He is an instance of a man, who, filled with faith and with the Holy Ghost, is domg wonders for God. There is no reason why every Christian in his measure should not be clad with the same might. For this power is divinely given, and is at the disposal of every child of God who will put it on. Oh, if every servant of the Lord had but the same faith, the same courage, the same Self-denial, the same abandon, as some of these men and women of faith and power, how soon the forces of evil would quail before their onset. How soon would Christ's kingdom come, and His will bo done on earth as it is in heaven. In speaking to-day of spiritual power, I do not speak to the world in general, or to men in the mass. Men in general care nothing about this power, it is foolishness unto them, they understand it not, they covet not to possess it. I speak to a converted Church. I spe ik to converted men. I speak to those who ought to possess this power and wield it. It is unnecessary therefore to say that repentance, a change of heart, reconciliation with God, must take place ere our weakness can cease and we be clothed with power. But this is not all that is needful to ensure power. Life is not always accompanied by strength, some men have life and yet are continual invalids, and are never fit for any useful work. So it is in the Church. Many have spiritual life, but not spiritual vigor. They are weak and sickly, and incapable of valiant service for God. First amongst the pre-requisites of spiritual power, we mention the possession of the Holy Spirit. " Ye shall receive power," said the risen and ascending Christ to His disciples, " nffcer that the HoJy Ghost is come upon you.'' The promised Spirit came as fire, with noise like mighty rushing wind, and the apostles, no longer Weak, timid, and fearful, went forth from the upper room clad with the might and inspired with the courage of giants. Stephen is said to have been filled with faith, witli the Holy Ghcfet, and with power, and men were not able to resist the wisdom and the power w ith which he spoke. The absence of the floly Spirit will ensure weakness, The possession of the Spirit in full measure is the GUARANTEE OF POWER. It may be asked, was not the Holy Ghost sent to abide with the Church for ever ? If we have the abiding presence of the Spirit, how can we be weak? Because by our conduct we can neutralise the Spirit's influence, and resist His impulses and quench His light and render ourselves unfit instruments for His use. Impurity, self-indulgence, sloth, indifference, prayerlessness, unbelief will do this. We proceed, therefore, to say that one of the secrets of power is Purity. The Church which would have the Spirit of power as an abiding guest must be pure ; so with the individual. Pure water must be put into a pure receptacle. A newly-cleansed garment is not put into a drawer or trunk which would soil it, so neither will the pure Spirit of God dwell in the breast or the Church which is not pure. When Achan took of the accursed thing at Jericho, the Lord departed from Israel, and with Him departed their strength, and they were smitten before their enemies. God distinctly said to Joshua, "I will not be with jou any more until you put away the accursed thing." As long as the accursed thing remained, God was absent aud the people were weak ; when the accursed thing was put away, God returned, and with Him the power to prevail against men. I am not prepared to say that God withdraws His presence from the Church to-day because there may be within it many who arc not pure. But I will venture to say that He will withhold His blessing from any Church or any man who is guilty of deliberate complicity with evil. It is here the source of much of the weakness of the Church lies. She is not pure. She is guilty of deliberate complicity with evil. The spiritual tone of the Church is not high enough to insist upon the exercise of discipline upon offenders, especially if they be wealthy or influential. The Church is casting the regisof its protection and approval to-day over men who are engaged in bad trades, over men who have been openly convicted of dishonesty and immorality. The world can see this, and has lost confidence in the Church, and in the unselfishness and integrity of both ministers and people. In its eyes the Church is WEAK AND CONTEMPTIBLE. We need to roll away this reproach. We have laid value upon numbers rather than purity and consistency. God would rather have purity than numbers. He thinned out the army of Gideon till it was a hundred times less than at first, and then to the little remnant of men after his own heart he gave the victory. Let the Church cast out from her ranks those who are known to be unworthy. This may be difficult, and may demand pain and self-denial, but in their stead will come back the presence of God, and his strength and peace. There must also be purity in the individual or there cannot be power. Hands and heart must be clean. Self-gratification in every form, the gratification of the passions, indulgence in any bad habit, clinging to any known sin, whether of the flesh or spirit, whether of conduct or temper, all theBe things are fatal to spiritual power. They induce weakness, they tie our hands, they prevent our working miracles, they make us contemptible in the eyes of men. When Jesus was on the Mount of Transfiguration a boy was brought to the disciples possessed of a deaf aud dumb spirit, which they were asked to cast out. Oh, yes, tliey would do it willingly. Jesus had given them power to cast out ovil spirits, they had done it before. Let the boy be brought. It is done. " Come out of him," say the disciples. " I wbn't I" retorts the eVil Spirit, "I defy your power! 1 laugh you to scorn !" How contemptible the disciples appeared, that day in the eyes of the multitude. Jesus comes upon the scene, and at His word the evil spirit unwillingly but quickly obeyed. Why could not we cast him out, enquired the baffled disciples, and note the reply— " This kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting." Here is the secret, there had been self-indulgence in some form, there had been a neglect of prayer; and spiritual impotence followed. We find from the 9th of Luke, that the disciples at this time had indulged in ambition, bigotry, and unchaiitablenass, and this Bad loss of power, this pitiable weakness, was tho result. AB a second clement of power we mention Faith. And this, we think, is THE MIGHTIKST OF ALL. The man who has faith is a man of power at once. It is faitli that can remove and sink the mountain to a plain. In the eleventh of Hebrews the triumphs of faith are recounted There we find that faitli lias divided the sea, and thrown down the walls of the strong city. Faith has subdued kingdoms, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of lire, obtained promises, and raised tlie dead to life ; time indeed would fail to tell of its victories ; faith makes us strong because it links ns on to God, because it attaches us to His strength. Yonder train of railway carriages—why do they fly so swiftly and powerfully along the track i It is because they are coupled to the mighty locomotive, and participate in its strength and speed; remove the coupling ; take away the momentum which the engine has given them, and they will lie upon the track a dead, inert mass. Faith makes us strong because it gives us a third eye, called the eye of faith. It miuos Seers of us all. It reveals to us the weakness, the poverty, the perishableness of material things, and it shows us the strength, the value, the lasting nature of eternal things. It makes known to the Christian soldier that they that are with him are more than all they that be against him. How can one who has faith, therefore, fail to be strong t Faitli makes men princes and gives them power to prevail with God. Chri-t ever surrendered Himself to faith. Oh, for the possession of more faith brethren. We are weak because of our unbelief, our trust in material things. We lean on BROKEN REEDS, while the oak at hand invites our confidence. We build on sand, when near by is the solid rock. With the eye of unbelief, Israel looked at the walled cities, the fierce, wavlike people, the giants, and they were sent back into the wilderness to die. With the eye of faith David looked not at Goliath's height, nor at the length of his spear, nor the weight of his armour. With the eye of faith he saw in this champion an uncircumcised Philistine who had defied the armies of the living God, and going into conflict with him in this faith, not clothed with the conventional armour or carrying the conventional sword, with his shepherd's sling and stone he conquered. Ab, my brethren, it isn't the culture of the schools, or the conventional armour which they furnish, which make us strong for God; not that I undervalue these things, but a map may have these and they may but cumber liim. It is faith in the living God, in His power, in His presence, in His aid, and in the radical and inherent weakness of His foes, that shall make us strong to fight Ilis battles and win victories for Hiin. (To be concluded next week.) 