DISTKICT MEWS. [FROM Otm CORRESPONDENT.] Iliamu. As you have started a now paper at Srioalhavon, I shall from tiino to time, with your concurrence, forward you an opitomo of Kiama nows ; and I i shall on tho prosont occasion commence by mak ing, complaint of tho delay in tho transmission i of , tlio Tcle.ffmph from Nowra to Kiama. :Itiis published on Tliursday, yet.'bocauso thoro is not a daily mail botweon Broughton Creole and Shoalliavon, it is Monday afternoon boforo wo rocoivo our nanor. : I think vou micht pronorlv niovo in this matter tlirough tho columns of tho ? Telegraph.:'. . ? An old and rospocted rosidont passed from our imidst on Monday last — Mr. John Cullon, of Jamboroo. Mr. Cullon, who was somo 70 yoars of ago, airivod in tlio colony about 40 yoars ago, a groat portion of which timo ho spent in this district. Ho, for sovoral yoars, roprosontod the ?villago where ho lived as aldorman in tho Kiama Municipal Council ; but during tho last yoar or two liis health, I boliove, compollod him to rotiro from aotivo lifo. Ho had boon sufforing for tho last throo months from diseaso of tho heart, and though attended with unremitting caro by Dr. MlMullin, succumbed on tho day abovonamod. Mr. Cullon loavos a wifo and a family of six sons and livo daughters. . An aecidont of a somowhat serious nature bofol a son of Mr. William Elliott, of Toolijooa, Gorringong, on Priday last. It would appoar the hoy (11 yoars old) was assisting in putting up a fonco, wlion ho was loft by his companions whilst holding a heavy log ; tlio woight proving too much for him, ho essayed to lot it fall and jump out of tho way ; but his foot slipping, the log fell on his log, dreaking it a littlo holofr tho knoo. Medical aid was at onco sought ; bi^. tho log bocamo so much swollen, that it was impos-* siblo to sot it for somo days. I undorstand tho sufferer is now progressing favourably? This is what tho Invcrell Times st^'s of a Shakespearian revival at Glon Iunos : — Tho Church of England minister, tho Rov. W. Ijp Cooper, enacted Hamlot, but no ono could' emphatically oxelaim ' This is tho Dane that Shakespeare drew,' for he mouthed tho part with a rich Irish brogno. Mr. Porgus6on played the ghost, and looked like a great silver- fish about to attack a brief. i 