THE HERALD PRIZE POEM ON THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. Bv Henry Kendall. Now, while Orion, flaming south, doth set A shining foot on hills of wind and wot — Par haughty hills beyond Ihe fountains cold And dolls of glimmering greenness manifold — While August sings the advent of tho Spring, X.VHH in wiu Liiuu is ncara September s wing, The lordly voice of song I ask of thee, High deathless radiance — crowned Calliope ! What though wo never hear tho great god's lays Which made all music tho Hellenic days— What though tho faco of thy fair heaven beams Still only on tho crystal Grecian streams ? What though a olcy of new strange beauty shines Where 110 whito Dryad sings within tho pines Hero is a land whose large imperial gracn Mnst tempt thee, goddess, in thine holy place! Here are the dells of peace and plonilune, The hills of morning and the slones of noon Hot 0 are tho waters dear to days of blue, And dark-groen hollows of tlie noontide dew; Here lies the harp, by fragrant woodwinds fanned, That waits tho coming of thy quicken incr hand! b And shall Australia, framed and set in sea August with glory, wait in vain for tlieo? Shall more than Tompe's boanty bo unsung Because its shine is strange — its colours young ? JNo ! by the full live light which puts to shame The far fair splendours of Tliessalian flame, By yonder forest psalm which sinks and swells Like that of Phocis, grave with oracles — By deep prophetic winds that come and go, Whero whisperiug springs of pondering mountains flow, By lule-liko leaves and many- languaged caves Whero sounds the strong hosanna of the waves This great new majesty shall not romain Unliononred by tho high immortal strain ! Soon, soon, the music of tho southern lvre Shall start and blossom with a speech like fire! Soon, soon, shall flower and flew in flamo divine Thy songs, Apollo, and Euterpe, thine ! Strong, shining sons of Delphicus shall rise With all their father's glory in their eyes; And then shall beam on yonder slopes and springs, The light that swims upon the light of things, And therefore, lingering in a land of lawn, I, standing hero, a singer of tho Dawn, With gaze up turned to whore wan summits lie Against tho morning, flowing up the sky, — Whose eyes in dreams of many colours seo A glittering vision of tho years to be — Do ask of thee, galliope, one hour Of life pre-eminent with perfect power, That I may leavo a song whoso lonely rays May shine hereafter from these songless days. For now tliore breaks across the faint srrav range The rose-red dawning of a radiant change. A soft sweetvoiee is in tho valleys deep, Where Darkness droops and sincrs itself to sleep. The grave-mute woods, that yet tlie silence hold Of dim dead ages, gleam with hints of gold. Yon eastern cape that meets the straitened wave — A twofold tower above tho whistling cave — Whoso strength in thunder, shields the gentle lea, And makes a white wrath of a league of sea— Now wears tho faco of peace ; and, in tho bay, Ihe weak spent voice of Winter dies away. Tn every dell there is a whispering wing ; On every lawn, a glimmer of the Spring ; By every bill, are growths of tender green ; : On every slope, a lair new life is seen. And, lo, beneath the morning's blossomiiisr fires, The shining city of a hundred spires ! In mists of gold, by countless havens furled, And glad with all the flags of all tho World! These are tho shores where, in a dream of fear Cathay saw darkness dwelling half tlie year ! (1) These aro tho coasts that old fallacious tales Chained down with ice and ringed with sleep less gales ! This is tho land that, in the hour of awe, From Indian peaks the rapt Venetian saw! (2) Hero is the long gra}rline of strange sea-wall That chocked tho prow ofthe audacious Gaul, What time ho steered towards the southern snow, From zonetto./,one — four hundred years ago!(8) By yonder gulf, whoso marching waters moot Tho wine-dark currents from the isles of heat, Strong sons of Europe, iu a far dim year, Faced ghastly foes and felt tho alien spear ! There in a later dawn, hy shipless waves, The tender grasses found forgotton graves.(4) Far in the west, beyond those hills sublime Uirlc tlartog anchored m tho olden timo : There, hy a wild-faced bay, and in a cleft, His shining name tho fair-haired Northman left. (5) And, on those broad imperial waters far, Beneath tho lordly occidental star, Sailed Tasmandown agreat and glowing space, Whoae softer like wero light his lady's faco. I11 dreams of her I10 roved from zone to zone, And gave her lovely name tocoasts unknown; And saw in streaming sunset everywhere The curious beauty of her golden 'hair. (G) By flaming tracts of tropic afternoon, Where in low heavens hangs a fourfold moon, Here, on the tides of a resplendent year, By capes of jasper, camo tho buccaneer. (7) Then then tho wildmen, flying from tho beach, First heard the clear, bold sounds of English speech ; And then first fell across a southern plain Tho broad, strong shadows of a Saxon train. Near yonder wall of stately cliff that braves The arrogance of congregated waves, Tho daring son of gray old Yorkshire stood, And dreamed in a majestic solitude, What timo a gentle April shed its showers, Aflame with sunset, 011 the Bay of Flowers. (8) The noble seaman who withheld the hand, And spared the Hector of his native land ? The single savage yolling on the beach The dark strango curses of barbaric speech ! Exalted sailor ! whoso benignant pliraso Shines full of beauty in those latter days ; Who met the naked tribes of fiery skies With great divine compassion in his eyes ? Who died, like Him of hoary Nazareth, That death august— tho radiant martyr's death Who in tho last hour showed tho Christian . face, Whose crumbling' beauty shamed the alien race. Tn peace he sleeps whore deep eternal calms Lie round tho lands of heavy-fruited palms. Lo ! in that dell, behind a singing bar, Whero' deep pure pools of glittering waters aro, Beyond a mossy yellow- gloaming glade) The last ofForby Sutherland was laid — The bliic-oycd Saxon from tho hills of snow Who foil asleep a hundred years a^o, In floworful shades where gold and green arc rifo Still rests the shell of his forgotton life. Far, far away, beneath some northern sky, Tho fathers of his humble household lie ; But, by his lonely grave, aro sapphire streams, And gracious woodlands, whero tho firefly gleams ; And ever comes across a silver lea [The hymn sublime of tho eternal sea. On that bold hill, against a broad blue stream, Stood Arthur Phillip in a day of dream, What time tho mists of morning westward rolled. And heaven flowered on a bay of gold ! Hero, in tho hour that shines and sounds afar, Flamed first old England's banner like a ster; Here, in a lime august with prayer and praise, Was born the Nation of these splendid days ; And hero this land's majestic Yesterday Of immemorial silence died away. Where are the wtods that, ninety summers back, Stood hoar with ages by tho water-track? Whero are tho valleys of tlie flashing wing, Tho dim green margins, and the glimmering spring? Whero now tho warrior of the forest race. His glaring war-paint and his fearless faco? The banks of April and the groves of bird, The glades of silence, and (lie pools unstirred, The gloaming savage, and the whistling spear? Passed with tho passing of a wild old year! A single torrent singing by the wave, A shadowy relic in a mountain cave, A ghost of fire in immemorial hills, The whittled tree by folded wayside rills, The call of tho bird that hides in hollows far, Whero feet of thunder, wings of winter, are ? Of all that Past, those wrecks of wind and rain, These touching memories — thesealoncremain! What sun is this that beams and broadens west? ; What wonder this, in deathless glory dressed? What strange, sweet harp of highest god took flame And gave this Troy its life, its light, its name? What awful lyre of marvellous power and range : Upraised this Ilion — wrought this dazzling change ? No shining singer of Hellenic dreams Sot yonder splendour by tho morning streams!' No god, who glimmers in a doubtful sphere, Shed glory there — created beauty here ! This is the city that onr fathers framod ? These are the crescents by the elders named! The human hands of strong heroic men Broke do^n tbe mountain, fillivl glen, ' ' Ran streets through swamps, built banks against tho foam, ? i And bent tho arcli, and raised the lordly dome! Hero aro the towers that the Founders made! Hero are the temples whero these Romans prayed ! Here stand tho courts in which their leader's' mot ! Here are their homes, and here their altars yet ! ' Here sleep the good old men whose lives sub lime Of thought and action shine and sound through timo — Who worked in darkness — onward fought their ways To, bring about these large majestic days ? Who loft their sons tho hearts and high desires Which- built, this City oi the hundred spires ! A stately Morning rises on tho wing, Tho hills take colour, and the valleys sing. A bright September flames beyond the lea — A silver vision on a silver sea. A new age 'cast in a diviner mould' Comes crowned with lustre, zoned and shod with gold ! What dream is this on lawny spaces set? What miracle of dome and minaret? What great mute majesty is this that takes Tho first of morning ere the songbird wakes? Lo, this was built, to honour gathering lands By Celtic, Saxoa, Australian hands ! These aro the halls whero all l]io fla^s un furled ° Break into speech that welcomes all tho world. And lo, our friends are here from every zone — 1- rom isles we dream of, and from tracts 1111 KtlOWIl : TIelo ai 0 the fathers from tho stately space Whore Ireland is, and England's sacred face! Hero aro tho Norsemen from their strong sea wall, The gravo grand Teuton and tho brilliant Gaul! From green sweet groves the dark- eyed Lusians sail. And proud Iberia leaves the grape-flushed vnlo. Here are tho lords whose starrv banner shines From fierce Magellan to tho Arctic pines . Here come the strangers from the gate-; of Day— From hills of sunriso and from White Cathay. The spicy islands send their swarthy sons ; The lofty North, its mailed and might}' ones. Venetian keels are floating on onr sea ; Onr oyes aro glad with radiant Italy j ^ ea, North and South, and glowing West and East. Are gathering here to grace our splendid feast. The chiefs from peaks august with Asian snow, The elders born where retral roses crow 1, „.:n. ,1.. n._ ? r . uiMi me uower 01 mat tail' land lhnt blooms beyond the fiery tracts of sand Where Syrian suns their angry lustres fling Across blind channels of the bygone spring. And, 011 this great auspicious day, tho flowers Of labour glorify majestic hours. Tho singing argel fro'n tho starry sphere Of dazzling Science shows his wonders here. And Art, tlie dream-clad spirit, starts, and tbrings From Fairyland her strango swoet glittering things. Hero aro the works man did what timo his face W«s touched by God in some exalted place. Here glows tho splendour — here, the marvel wrought When Heaven flashed upon the makers thought ! Yea, hero aro all tho miracles sublime— : Tho lights of genius and tho stars of time! And, being lifted by this noble noon, Australia broadens like a tropic moon. Her white pure lustre beams across tho zones: The Nations greet her from, their awful thrones. ; From hence, tho morning beauty of her name Will sliino afar, like an exceeding flamo. ! ITer place will bo with mighty lords, whose sway _ ? j Controls tho thunder and the marching dayj Iler crown will shine beside the crowns of kings j | . . ....... , 1 Wlio shape tlio seasons, vnle - tlio course of hi, ,tlli,,gs' Tho fame of her across the years to be Will spread like light 011 a surpassing sea; w'tli gflory, girt with power august ITer life will last till all things turn to dustl' To Thee, the faco of song is lifted now— O, Lord, to whom the awful mountains bow ; Whoso hands unseen the tenfold storms control ; Whoso thunder* shake the spheres from polo to polo , Who, from the highest heaven lookest down The sea 1 hy footstool and the sun Thy crown ; Around whoso throne the deathless planets sing Jlosannas to their high eternal King ? To thee, the soul of Prayer this morning turns, With faith that glitters and with hope that burns I And, in tho moments of majestic calm That fill tho heart in pauses of tlio psalm, She asks Thy blessing for this fair young land That flowers within'the hollow ofThine hand ! ? She seeks of Thco that boon, that gift sublime, The Christian radiance fortliis liopo of time ! And Thou wilt listen ; and Thy faco will bend To smile upon ns— Master, Father, Friend! The Christ, to whose pure nleadino- lipm-t hath crept, Was human once, and in the darkness wept ; The gracious Love that helped us long ago Will 011 11s like a summer surpiiso flow ; And bo a light to guide tho Nation's feet ' - On holy paths — 011 sacred ways, and sweet. (1) According to that eminent authority, Mr. It. H. Mayor, and others, tho Great Southern Land is referred to in old Chinese records as a polar continent, subject to tho long polar nights. (2) Marco Polo mentions a large land called by the Malays Lochac. The northern coast was supposed to be in latitude 10- S (Vide Bennett and others.) ' (3) Mr R. II. Mayor has discovered a map of Terra Australia dated a, n. 1542, and bear ing Hie name of Le Test 11 a French pilot. IjO leslu must haVG visited tlinsn nnncf-a D/tmA years before tho date of the chart. (4) The sailors of tho Duytlieu, a dutch ves sel which entered Carpentaria, in a. n. 1G05, where attacked hy the natives. In the fray some of the whites were killed. No doubt these unlucky adventurers were tho first Europeans buried in Australia. (Vide Woods and others.) (5) Diek Hartogleft a tin plate, bearin'- bis name, in Sharks Bay, W, Australia. It was last seen in a, t-. 1S03. (G) Abel Tasman's love for Maria Van Diemaniswell known. Tasmania and many of the inlands and points 011 the N. W. coasts of Australia were named after her. (7) Dampier. (8) Botany Bay. 