NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH AT COOLAC. On Tuesday last the foundation stone of a new Church of England Church at Coolac was laid in the presence of a large assemblage by Mrs. Walter Hoare. The proceedings began by the Rev. S. B. Holt, Vicar, reading appropriate prayers, the lessons being read by the Rev. W. M. White of Adelong. Before the stone was laid the Rev. Mr. Holt called upon Mr. William Glasscock to read a scroll, of which the following is a copy, which, together with the 'Gundagai Times' of that date and of the 'Australian Churchman' of the previous Satur- day, was placed in a cavity in the stone : — In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The foundation stone of this Church in the Township of Coolac, Parish of Gundagai, Diocese of Goulburn, was duly laid by Mrs. Walter Hoare on the nineteenth day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy nine; being the 42nd year of the reign of Her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria and the 91st year from the foundation of the Colony. His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus being Governor of the Colony; The Right Reverend Dr. Barker Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan; The Right Reverend Mesac Thomas D.D., Bishop of the Diocese, and the Reverend Samuel Bealey Holt Clergyman of the Parish. Building Committe: Walter Hoare, George Vincent, Thomas Bone Sen., William Glasscock, James McLeod, John Israel Harpley. Contractors : Messrs Arnott and Biggs. God save the Queen. Mrs. Hoare then laid the stone in the usual manner. The offerings placed on it were liberal. The church is to be erected on the reserve between the main southern road and the new public school, and will be of stone with brick and cement facings. The cost of the edifice will be something under £300. The weather was beautifully fine and contributed much to the success of the ceremony. The dog nuisance is bcconrng intolerable in Gundagai. Somewhere between tho Royal Hotel and tho Post-office nightly barking and growling takes placo much to tho annoyance of residents in that locality, especially to 6ick. persons and young children. Wo commend this mattor to tho attention of the constables on night duty, and unless it bo romcdied by tho banishment or destruction of these yelping mongrels tho occupiers of the promises, whero it is known these dogs are kept, should bo indicted for being a nuisance. Mti. Joiim Smith, of Kyamba, ono of tho j oldest settlors in tbis part of the colony, died suddenly last Friday. j In a formor issue wo suggested that a horse parade should tako placo in Gundagai on Friday the 29th Aug. Wo havo boon communicated | with on the subject, and havo referred tho j parties to tho promoters of tho arrangement ; therefore wo assume that all tho entires in tho locality will bo on view here next Friday. The brewery which has lately beon fitted up at South Gundagai by Messrs. Kenny and Co. shows that tho enterprising proprietors moan business. TJnliko some breweries that wo havo scon this one is intended for pormanont opera tions, everything about it boing of the best workmamship. Tho brewer, Mr. Cuthbert, is turning out a fine sparkling ale, and ds the ingrodionts used aro of the best imported we see no reason why the Gundagai ale should not be as good as the Goulburn or Castlemaino. It has been urged that good beer cannot be mado with the Murrumbidgee water. Perhaps .the makers did not understand their business. Wo have now proof that not only is the Murrum bidgeo wator suitable, but that it ib peculiarly so, and a finer ale cannot be browed anywhere in tho colonies. Foots will speak for themselves » the brewery is in full work ; the demand for Gundagai alo is fast superseding that whioh is imported into the town from other parts, and i already good orders are booked for exooution, which is a convincing proof that it is approved. 1 We learn that oach brow is of ton hogsheads, and that tho browor has work enough on hand to keep him going for fully threo months. This speaks woll for our local enterprise, and wo hope Messrs. Kenny and Co. will bo amply repaid for their oxtensive outlay. Letters and newspapers intended for trans mission to Europe by tho next Suez maii should be posted in Gundagai beforo tho closing of tho mail for Sydney on Friday. On Friday last Mr. Inspector Singloton visitod thiB town for tho purposo of making the usual inspection in connection with tho polico. Wo wero pleased to soo him looking so woll af tor his recont severe illiiess. On Saturday lust u man named Charles Bursoll, in tho employment of Mr. John Sells, at Clarendon, while engaged fencing inflicted a nasty wound on his log with an axo which he was using. Tho wound, which bled profusely, was dressed as woll as non-professional persons could do it, and Mr. M. Walkor kindly con veyed the sufferer into Gundagai in his buggy, and procured his admission to the hospital, whero, under Dr. McKillop's treatment, ho is progressing favorably. On Sunday evening last the ropo suspending tho lamps of the Wesloyan church broko whon Mr. Taylor was about to light them. Had thoy been alight at tho titno the accident happoncd tho probability is that tho flooring would have caught firo and gTeat inconvenienco would havo resulted. As it was the only damage done was tho breaking of ono of tho lamps, tho four chimnoys and globes, and ono of * tho iron : pieces that held two of tho lamps, the other iron piece boing caught by Mr. Taylor when falling. Tenders aro invited in the ' Gazotto ' for tho erection of a post and telegraph office at Coota mundra. The inhabitants of Yainmatrco having adopted our suggestion to placo the mattor in the hands of the hon. moinbcr for the district, Mr Leary, havo received a favorable reply to their petition praying that a post offico should bo established at that placo with a mail onco a weok to Bethungra. Tho post- offico Will bo oponed at onco, and cannot fail to prove a great boon to residents. Tho petitioners have, also, 'been in formed that their application for a road to the Cootamundra road at Bongongolong is under consideration. By advertisement it will bo scon that Mr» Carter, the ominont surgeon dentist, proposes visitiug Gundagai shortly. Tho escort which loit Gundagai on Thursday took the following parcels of gold : — ozs. dwts. grs. Bank of N.S.W., Adolong . . 650 8 5 j Commercial Bank, Adelong. . 251 9 2 I Commercial Bank, Gundagai 13 16 20 : Total 921 14 3 In the Supreme Court on Wednesday last an action for libel was brought by Thomas Chan- non, formerly a resident of Adelong, and nephew of Tom Channon of Adelong renown, for £2000 damages, against Eliza Bennett, Alfred Bennett, and Frank Bennett, executors and trustees of the ' Evening News ' and 'Town and Country Journal.' Plaintiff declared that defendants falsely and maliciously published in the 'Even- ing News' of the 8th April last, a telegram from Narrabri as follows—'Mr. Parsons has arrived to take charge of the telegraph office, Narrabri, vice Thomas Channon, who is to be removed, and over whom an inquiry is being held.' The inuendo was that an inquiry was being held with reference to the conduct of plaintiff while in charge of the telegraph office at Narrabri, and that he was romoved for misconduct. Plaintiff also declared that defendants falsely and maliciously published of him in the 'Town and Country Journal' of 26th of April, the words following—'An investigation into a charge against Thomas Channon, late post and telegraph master here, was held by Mr. Tele- graph- inspector Carroll, who was sent up from the head office to inquire into the matter. The charges against Mr. Channon were, bad conduct and tampering with messages.' A second count was much to the same effect. Defendants pleaded not guilty. Mr. M. H. Stephen, Mr. Pilcher, and Mr. Lackhouso, instructed by Mr. A. H. M'Culloch; appeared for plaintiff. Sir George Innes and Mr. C. B. Stephen, instructed by Messrs. Stephen, Laurenco, and Jacques, appeared for defendants. Tho cuse was ono of no public interest. Phtmtiff, vhilo in charge of the Narrabri tolograph offico. altered a tologram which had been doposited for the * Evening News.' Tho correspondent com plained to the telegraph authorities, and from this and other causes, an inquiry was com moncod. Tho day, however, bofore tho inspoc tor arrived, plaintiff rosigned, and tho inquiry did not affect him. The correspondent had previously telegraphed the messago abovo re ferred to in plaintiff's count, and plaintiff now sought to recover, as above. His Honor, after counsel had addressed tho jury, summed up tho ovidenco and tho law relating to cases of libel* The jury at 2 o'clock, after half-an-hour's deliberation, returned a vordiot for plaintiff, with £250 damages. Following up the reduction in their freight charges between London and Australia, which now stands at £3 per ton, the directors of the P. and O. Steam Navigation Company,' tho 'South Australian Rogistor - states 'havo arranged to issue tickets, either hero or in London, at £125 in tho first- class, andat £75 in tho second class, for tho return voyago, giving three months' stay at the terminal points. This is a considerable concession upon the previous rates, but possibly, in view of tho fortnightly service, tho directors consider it desirable to encourage a larger goods and passenger traffio, which the reductions reforred to will help to secure.' An inquest has been held at Albury as to the cause of the firo at Kelly's Hotel. The vordiot of tho jury is that it was tho act of an incendiary, but there is no evidence to attach the perpetra tion of the crime to any particular individual. | A whiter in tho 'Age/ under the initials 'N.S.W.,' says he has for many years had exceptional opportunities of becoming intimately I acquainted with the political and social affairs | of our colony. Ho states in ua few plain facts' on the question free trade v. protection, that the ' Sydney warehousemen are inundated | daily with piteous appeals for time and assistance from country storekeepers, and that every bank in N.S.W. might easily bo paperod inside and out with dishonoured bills.' The writer makes a comparison between the number of insolvencies ' in tho two colonies for tho last five weeks, from | which it appears that 104 persons ' wont up ' King-street,' Sydney, while only (!) 85 ' interviewed Commissioner Nool,' Melbourne. I A private lottor statos that a steamor cf 2500 tons has been chartered m England to j make a trial shipment from Sydnoy and , Melbourne of preserved moat, under Boll and Coleman's dry air refrigorating procoss. Sho is oxpoctcd to leave Plymouth on Soptomber 4 for Sydnoy. Tho cost of tho moat is ostimated at l£d per lb. Tn& Melbourne Correspondent of the ' Even ing News' says: — The iniquity of Black Wednesday, as shown in the Gordon case, is more fully displayed in a ' Blue Book,' out by the mail, , which gives all the correspondence laid beforo the Houso of Commons on the potition of Mr. Gordon to tho Queen. I hear to-day that another victim of tho 8th January has gone to the Lunatic Asylum ; a man who has served usefully in tho professional branch of the Lands Office for some dozen years — well connected and capable — but, perhaps, not particulary strong headed. There will como a day when Mr. Berry and his friends will rue all this. 