HOSTAGES TO FORTUNE. CHAPTER L I I » . .... Br THE AUTHOR OP "liADY APDLEV*S 8E0RET," " AURORA FLOVD," &C.; I have eyed with bert r ^ T ^ d ^ / a time The harmooyof their tongnethath Into bondage Brought w—ri;i7^j my too diligeat tewj ear j for several virtues! K .fT, 6 ? ? romcn '.?. 0 !®f «r shewed I And put » " it -- to —. the foil. —«»« But you, /vuj O v you, jruu 00 perfect and ao peerless, arc created ' * Of every creature a best." • i ^ Profound excitement prevails in Llnnriiywlr this sunny August morning. Dog-carts dash I n i. l<Uy fa 086 ^ i s ment of inchoate street, . ^hief feature is the post office ; phao- j tons and pony- carriages unknown to Llandiywind ^"y scros8 the common, andappear ° n ^ ^ ^ ^ "t^ion disft « f 8mart]y<lres8ed young j women and their attendant swains, who swarm htfc T^l lltt j l ° ^ 8ettlement ^ ^ » h w foithwitli i t h make J J or f he one establishment which provides «y treshment of a li^ht and unintoxicating characto r ; the people who come to Llandrysak ff" 1 ®' in the extreme,'and t ^ h I meaDin s of 4 p ublic ^ b ^- C>ates—the purveyor of things in gehe- ^ butchers meat and bacon to tea, sugar, confectionery, and fancy biscuits; firoS b t f d » °S8» to greenstuff and fish ^ laboring all uight iu the sweat of his brow to f i - ™ - . . . . , I ful invasion. [ficial kuif©; luovve waii-m «ie sidel ot tUo well-usod counter; all the^interior accommodation available iu Mr. Gates's private abode has been thrown open for the reception of visitors; and tea and coffee are in perpetual LTl!'f.if Ut 1, t, !! ,n^ Mr. Cates can do I 8hort of l Thi?V ? u Pawns' demand. T ?, W the^ 8wwm u P°n his S a r throng hu rooms, even trying to ^ l ? ? - 0f ^ hedohambarj 5nd ^ » their demands for ac-M commodation and refreshment, until Mr. Catos-although feeling that ho is making M S i U f ^ ^ P h i s till J W or loss importunate; or, fa his own words, wtataOiafe=lw«<1wAlaiowia beforehand that he ^en t Z ii tel 0116 ^ w Wormed, sedng that his house ho* ha- - Z I I encumber Without AbMmeilft' 1 !! the public. The space before his ba»y,little shopis spread with trays of tarts and b^nB, hpt^ho^ fioa the oven, promptly ronfewed as' the hunm I visitors consume them. ' • •• And wherefore this inroad £f f j>he sur • ing neighborhood into quiet littje Llam] famous only for its saline and Btilphui 1 t aad in its normal condition the trahqui of health-seekers tfnd water-drinkWs I tion easily answered. For the last fortnight placards have adorned the publje places of Llandiysak—the gates of the market hall, the portal of the past office, and the railway station —setting forth that on this thirjlof August an Eisteddfod would be holden at Ltandryask, and numerous prinee—ranging from ten pouudi to five shilling—would be awarded to success, ful competitors in the art of music and diama. tic recitation. A monster tent/ has been brought from a distant city—Llandrysak is a good forty miles from any' large towh^and erected behind the pretty little modern Gothic church on the common yonder; and after braving the breeze for a day or two has igno- miniously collapsed on Sunday afternoon, to be re-erected with increased stability on Mon. day. To-day is Tuesday, and the tent still stands bravely. The warm summer sky and soft west mud promise a glorious noontide, and at half-past nine o'clock the inhabitants of surrounding villages are pouring into Llandiy. sak as fast as the single line of rail " can bring them Perhaps of all the quiet out-of-the-way places in this seabound isle, there is none more ton. quil, more remote from the busy world, than Llandrysak. It is certainly not a town, it is hardly to be called a village. Two Ieijj© and prosperous hotels, and three or four smaller hostelries—whhich are rather public boarding- houses than inns havesprunguparoundtitemin- Aral enrinora TKmanr fnn»linnBiinJak,. n ( L.U I a nntAlt I Ail m n rr_V» ah nne kn»M xL. church, erected by public subscription, looks I down upon the little settlement from its elevation on the aforesaid common. I Handrysak is situated on a plateau seven I huudred uuuureu feet uw above aoove the we sea-level, sea-ievei, and ana all su around I if if noa fJiA muan n l • 1.21.a , . ,. u rise the O green Cambrian hills, not HUH HUjJIUJ mighty peaks, like Snowdon or Pentnaenmawr, but lovable hills, grassy and ferny—hills that tempt the pedestrian, and seem to ciy aloud even to the idlest lounger; "Come, climb our gentle breasts, and breathe the purer ether that circles round our heads." Quiet and remote though LUndnrsak is, it ** eminent, y popular fa its way. fee hotels and lodging- houses are fall to plethora in ths ^ T ' * D \ J t f nnhoU8es to an alarming extent, otnpWqg | ths numberof tiie lodgers in relation to the space available for their accommodation. In f ^ ^ in ru2 j lanos, you come upon lowly homesteads, wh»h to the stranger's eye appear in no wisetoo spacious for a fanner's household, and which spacious lora iarmer s nousetiold, and Which j yet afford board and lodgment to fifteen or twenty watetvdrinkers fa time of need.' , of th « two hotels, the Cambria is seleot and &"«toc»tio, judiciously dividing its guests 1 into two sections, known as Loids and Comn,0M i and the Spring House popular and easy- Wondrous stories are told of tta chaff ^d practical joking which obtain at^\tter | hostell y. and the matrimonial engagements apt ~ £ .»<«. WSUll from uviu a * week's wwas reddenoe ronaenoe therein. werein. Puin Pianos o » « are heard long after midnight; _.„, amateur c6ncert GAnRAHx s and and Christy fU'ili. minstrelsy 1 diversify J: the monotony of social intercourse. Picnics ahd excursions of all kinds arc of daUy occurrence: * ^ ^ o f croque^ua. . s T 3 l bJUard-balls within may be heard from mom tl1 1 midnight The more quiet Cambria his its croquet-Uwn also, shdte^bySSg ^ ^ of spice-breathing pfaes, anditssS OU8 biUtaid^oom over the ^t - - — . ' f» ««sgoswve oi opiere and Pond—awful chamber, pervaded ever by tbe odour of innumerable rotten eggs, which, odour is the de-. ^tfiil characterirtic of a sulphur-^brfag In X j .Perfection. ' This pump-room stands flush with the mow ««»tocratio wing of the Cambria, aud its doow windows open upon the croquet laWn f j P^y groves, and a broad spaoTbf gtavel, heforo the house. An avenue lSds to™™ ftel down to a little bit of tlie commonand joins the hiS^ad-fortK P^ria stands fa a ^ S S S S m . iboot a mile from thesSmenSthw S m «P m the neighbourhood of «on. w y " From the pump- room, on thU sunnv Aunust cambric ^ndSle a iHaonatmi ^^rJrn «an't/jtand | ( (t^gar,; with, .contentment {depicted upon his visage. He is a wandering light in the ecclesiastic system, and has come to do duty at the unendowed'church on the common for the seasbn. Ho is not at Llandrysak for the water. " What does it matter how nasty the stuff is if you think itdoing you good f" he asks languidly. The morning is too warm for much exertion. Even the clerical mind needs repose after the labour of performing matins for the edification of about a dozen females in an ad vanced stage of spinsterhood. " Ah, it's all very well for you to talk like that," remonstrates the other. " In the first place you don't drink that nauseous stuff; and in the second, it would jump with your notions of self-mortification—fasting, abstinence, and all that kind of thing—to imbibe obnoxious waters. The sort of thing St. Francis d'Assisi would have liked, you know." " Are you going to the Eisteddfod t" asks Mr. Dewrance, calmly ignoring these remarks. "Are you?" "That depends. Slingford Edwards is to be there in full force," with a wry face; "and I don't much care about the business. But I promised some ladies—" " Of course; I never knew such a man ! Your whole life is frittered away in such small engagements; not an hour that is not pledged to a petticoat. Dewrance, in spite of your varied experience of life, your travels, your knowledge of the world, you aro still what you were bom to be." "What is that!" inquires, Mr. Dewrance, with the faintest show of curiosity. " A tame cat." "Why nott" asks the Curate placidly. "Tame-catism isn't half a bad thing in its way. I like women and women like me. I can make friends of them. I don't flirt and I never commit myself; and then I look to women to help me in the serious business of my life. A priest can achieve great victories with an army of women at his command. How are our churches beautified, our sick tended, our poor fed, our children taught and cared for and civilised? Do you think the masculine element goes for much in these things ? No, Westray; women are the Church's strong rock. As they were the lad; at the foot of the cross, so they have become the first at the altar." " Upon my soul," ejaculates Westray, pull ing his dark-brown moustache, " I begin to think that women exercise a great deal more influence than we give them credit for; more than half the world is under petticoat government." "Why don't you join the majority?" asks Dewrance with a keen look at his friend. They have known each other less than a fortnight, yet are on those friendly and familiar terms which men slip into BO easily. Herman Westray is a man who has mado himself a name in the world of letters. He began his career as a journalist in the year he left Oxford, and has only lately shaken himself free from the trammels of the daily press. He has won reputation as poet, dramatist, critic, novelist, and is a power in literary circles. Stimulated by success, and proud of his budding laurels, he has worked his brain to the verge of exhaustion, and has come to Llandrysak Wells at the advice of a wise old doctor, who attended him nine-and-twenty years ago for chicken-pox and croup. « Why don't you look out for some nice girl who would reconcile you to the idea of matrimonyt" pursues Dewrance. "You're just the kind of man who is bound to go to eternal smash if he doesn't marry." If Mr. Dewranoe's vocabulary is more modern than ecclesiastical, it must be urged in his excuse that he has not been long in holy orders, and that his previous experiences have been of the world worldly. "I never found a nice girl yet," replies Westray. " I have met handsome girls, clever girls, 'fescinating girls, but never the woman to whom I could say,' Take my life into your keeping, and be my better angel. Come between me and my evil thoughts; lead me into the path of peace,'" " Girls nowadays are awfully fast, I admit," says Dewrance, gravely, " unloss they are Anglican. Try an Anglican girl." " No, thanks. A young woman who would get up at five o'clock in the morning to embroider an antependium, and neglect the housekeeping. I shouldn't like afree-thinking girl, you understand, but I should prefer her religion to take its colour from such teachers as Bichter and Carlyle." Dewrance shrugs his shoulders with a deprecating air, and rises from his recumbent position. "J tottwgo and have a look at th$ Eisteddfod, he aays, " in spite of Slingford Edwards." SJingford Edwards is the Nonconformist light of Uandrysad—Wesleyan or Baptist, no one seemed very clear which j 'but eminently popular among the natives. He holds forth thrioe every Sunday from his roptrum in the red-brick chapel, and appears on weekdays with his manly form equipped in a costume at once agricultural and sportsmanlike, his wellshaped legs, of which he is justly proud, cncased in worsted hose, his feet in smart buckled shoes. This gentleman's popularity at Llandrysak gves him importance at the national festival. Ho is deputy-chairman, and does most of the hard work, Mr. Morton Jones, the squire, being only required to make a condescending speech, and sit in his armchair, smiling blandly across a little table, throughout the proceedings. " Let us go and see how Slingford Edwards does it," says Mr. Dewrance, throwing away the stump of his cigar. They stroll down the avenue and across the common, where even on this warm August day the west wind blows pure aud fresh. Green hills ring them round like a girdle, and beyond the green rise loftier peaks, russetbrown or deep purple-tinged gray, melting into the blue cloudless sky. " I believe your sulphur and saline springs are a gigantic humbug," cries Herman Westray looking round him with the artist's lovo of the beautiful. « But those hills and this pure air might reanimate exhausted mankind on the brink of the grave. I'm very glad my good old doctor sent uio here." " You look twice as good a man as you did when you came," answer* Dewrancc. " I never Baw such an exhausted specimen of humanity. You looked lik« a consumptive vampire." " I had been working six hours a day, or six hours a night, at literature for the last three years. That sort of thing does toll upon a man, especially when he tries to combine social enjoyment with intellectual labour—dines out three or four times a week, wastes his afternoons at garden parties, goes to the opera whenever the heavy swells sing, attends all first performances at the theatres, and 60 on ; thus reducing his working time to the small hours between midnight aud morning." " Dreadful!" cries Dewrance. " I wonder you're alive." " 0, that's Iiabit. If I were to think of the unwholesomeness of my life, I dare say I should die. The quiet of the grave would seem preferable to such high pressure. But I take things easily." " You look like it," aays Dewrance, with a 6ide-glance at his friend's hollow cheeks and darkly-circled eyes. " Llandrysak has done me no end of good. I had acquired an uncomfortable habit of felling asleep over my desk, which hinted at apoplexy, and now I am as fresh as paint. I have written two acts of a comedy since Saturday." " I thought you were here for rest" " 0, comedy dialogue hardly counts as work. Besides, I am pledgod to give Mrs. Brandreth something sparkling for the opening of the autumn season at the Frivolity." " The Frivolity ? That's one of the new theatres, isn't it?" " All that there is of the most new : a house like a bonbonniere by Siraudin; all quilted canary satin and gold, with a background of burgundy-colored velvet; medallion portraits of Shakespeare's heroines on the panels— though what Shakespeare has to do with the Frivolity is more than any fellow can understand. In feet, it's a charming little box. The actors are most of them ex-cavalry subalterns ; the actreses—well, there isn't a plain woman among them." " Mrs. Brandreth herself is a handsome woman, I've heard," says the Curate. " It would be a bald description of Myra Brandreth to call her handsome," answers Herman. "She is simply one of the most fascinating women who ever turned the brains of men. As for beauty, perhaps there are some handsomer, in her own theatre even; but there is a kind of loveliness about Mrs. Brandreth which I never saw in any one elso. It isn't a question of eyes, or nose, or complexion, or figure. She breathes an atmosphere of beauty." " Poetical," says the Curate; " one would think you were among the men whose brains she has turned;" " Not I. My part in life is rather that of observer of other men's follies than partaker in their delusions. I contrivo to dispose of my surplus idiocy in magazine articles." " Isn't your Mrs. Brandreth a woman with a history ?" asks Dewrauce. " I seem to remember having hoard—" "'There is a history in all men's lives.' Yes, they tell divers romantic legends of Mrs. Brandreth." Antecedents rather discreditable than otherwise," hazards tho Curate, who from the spiritual altitude he inhabits bonds his oar occasionally to murmurs from theinuudano level beneath. " Mm. Brandreth is an English officer's daughter, and an English officer's widow. I kiiow nothing Author to her disadvantage." " But doigo, how, don't peoplo say that Lord Earlswood built this theatre on purposofor her?" " Theatres are generally built by iBome one, and for some one," answers the imperturbable Herman. I haven't been inside a theatre since I took orders," says Mr. Dewrance. "The opera, of course, is different. I take a seat in a friend's box now and then." They are close to the tent by this time, and the twanging of a harp within announces that the competition is in progress. They pay for their tickets at a little wooden watch-box outside the tent, and then, instead of entering with the commonalty, go round to the back, and make their way to the platform, Mr. Dewranco being a privileged person, for whom a glace is reserved among the magnates of the These magnates consist of a few country gentlemen with their wives and daughters, who occupy a double row of benches on the platform, and thence survey the crowded audience below. Mr. Morton Jones, the chairman; Mr. Slingford Edwards; Mr. Evan Jones, tho musical adjudicator; Mr. Davis, the treasurer ; Mr. Button, the secretary; and two or tlireo other gentlemen officially concerned in tho day's proceedings, are clustered about a table in the centre of this platform. The body of the tent is as full as it cau be, and tho audicnce, perspiring but happy, are listening with rapt attention to an ancient Welsh song which a young man of the carpenter profession is singing to an accompaniment on the harp. It is really a spirit-stirring strain, with a fine bold swing in the melody, and better worth hearing than that slaughter of Handel and Haydn which the audience will have to assist at before that entertainment is over. Competitors in the ancient Welsh minstrelsoy being nowhere, tho melodious young carpenter lias a walk over the course, and receives the prize—half-a-sovereign in a little silken hag, with long ribbon strings, which are hung around his neck by the fair hands of a damsel, who mounts tho platform for that purpose amidst the applause of the crowd. The next entry is the great event of the morning. Competing choirs aro to sing Haydn's graud chorus " The Heavens are tellin " for a prize of ten guineas, and an ebony and-silver baton for the conductor. Profound excitement prevails as the names of the competitors are announced. Only two choirs have been found bold enough to essay the contest, and after a brief delay, the first of these, consisting of about five-and-twenty young men and women, mount the platform, the conductor stands upon a chair, to be better seen by his band, and all is ready for the start. There is to be no accompaniment, no symphony to induct the singers in the right path. But from an unseen comer of the tent there issues the lugubrious sound of a tuningfork. The singers make a dash at the opening note, start off at a hand-gallop, and hold bravely on till they finish breathlessly amidst friendly plaudits. Choir number two succeeds, and begins with a false start The pitch has to be given a second, nay a third, time by that lugubrious tuning-fork in the comer—a feet to the last degree ignominious. But once off, choir number two has the best of it; the alto parts ring out more clearly, the time aud ensemble are better, and there remains little doubt in the minds of tho listeners as to tho destination of the ten-pound prize and the ebony baton worth one guinea. Mr. Evan Jones, tho adjudicator (no relation to Mr. Morton Jones, tho squire), advances to the front He is a small activ&dooking; man, with a keen dark face, and a brow prophetic of fiiture distinction. He carries a sheet of music-paper, on which, with ruthless precision, he has recorded tho errors of the rival choirs. He oxpressos himself tersely, and with a certain good-natured irony, not unpleasing to the audience, however galling it may be to tho performers, whose work he criticises. " The first choir," he begins blandly, "sang by no means badly, and in feet the performance was very creditable indeed." (The first choir takes courage, and sees its way to the prize.) "But they were in too great a hurry to distinguish themselves—tho opening movement was taken at a gallop. Now there's no glory to God in such a stampede as that." (Laughter.) Tho first choir looks crost-fallen. " They sang, on the whole, tolerably correctly. There was a G natural that ought to havo been O flat; but this wo may attribute to nervousness, as well as tho feet that they took tho largo movement presto. The altos were painfully weak; the basses wero a trifle flat But, on the whole, as I remarked before, wo may oonsider it a creditable performance, and that it does honour alike to their heads and hearts. Now, with regard to choir number two, I am bound to remark that they made a very bad start—took the note wrong twice over; a very unmusician-like proceeding. If tho oomposer had meant the chorus to begin with that kind of floundering about, ho would have so written it But there can be no doubt that the second ohoir redeemed their characters after this bad beginning by very satisfectoiy work. Their time was better than number one; their forte passages were firmer; their performance had more light and shade;" and so on, and so on, through a careM criticism of the performance. "I, therefore, feel it incumbent upon me to award tho ten-pound prize to the Llanvaerlog choir, and the prize baton value one guinea, to the conductor of the same." Unanimous applause follows the decision. Mr. Slingford Edwards takes a yellow-satin bag from a nail on which it has hung in sight of tho audience, looks about him doubtfully for a moment, and then confers in a whisper with the chairman. They are consulting as to the fair hand which is to bestow this guerdon—the chivalrous practice of the Eisteddfod requiring that each prize should be given to the happy winner by a lady selected from among the more distinguished of the as- " Miss Morcombe," suggests Mr. Edwards, in a whisper. " Yes, decidedly," replies the chairman, "if she's here. Couldn't have any one better." This ten-pound prize is the grand feature of the entertainment. The ten-shilling and fiveshilling guerdons may be given by anybody, but the donor of the chief prize must needs be a person of mark. Slingford Edwards slips behind one of those benches on the platform, bonds over a young lady's shoulder—a young lady who sits in the back row, and who has been hidden from tho gaze of tho public. He whispers a few words in her ear—there is a stir and a gentle flutter around her—she rises, and tho Beverend Slingford leads her blushing to the front of the platform, where the expectant choristers wait, closely huddled together and openmouthed. "Ladies and gentlemen," roars Slingford Edwards above the universal hum, "I am proud—we are all proud, and I am sore you will, every man of you—yes, and every woman —for when was woman's heart slow to throb in unison with man's most generous ©motions? —participate in that feeling when I tell you that the great prize ot the day will be awarded by Miss Morcombe, the lovely daughter of the most popular landowner—always excepting our respected chairman—in these parts. Miss Morcombe of Lochwithian Priory. Now, Mr. Sparks," to the conductor, "down on your knees, and let the memoir of this moment never fede from your mind; let it be a stimulus to future exertion, a guiding star to lead you to glory. Why don't you kneel, you blockhead P sotto voce to the winner of the prize, who looks as if he had only that moment discovered that his arms are appendages of an awkward and embarrassing character, so limp and helpless are his hands, so painfully angular his elbows. " Three cheers for Miss Morcombe of Lochwithian," cries Mr. Edwards; whereon the audience, who have had to do a good deal of cheering already, respond feebly, with flagging energies. The prizes are given—first the baton, and then the yellow-satin bag; and Miss Morcombe curtsies and retires, led by the gallant Slingford. Dnring the last five minutes she has been the focus of every eye, but no eye gazed more intently than the eye of Herman Westray. " What a sweet-looking girl!" says Mr. Westray to his companion. " Yes, she's nice, isn't she ? Til introduce you, If you like. She's very clever—likes literary people likes to talk about them, at least; for I don't think she knows many. Serious girl—Anglican." " Gets up at five o'clock on saint days, I suppose," says Herman. " Bather a trial, I should think, that kind of girl." " I withdraw my offer to introduce you," says Mr. Dewrance, with a disgusted look. " 0 nonsense! I should like to know her. What would her getting up at five o'clock matter to me? I am but a bird of passage. Yes, she looks clever as well as pretty, and looks good into tho baigain. A fine firmlymoulded face, something out'of the common in the expression. Pot her into a suit of armour, and she would do for Joan of Arc. Please introduce mo." " I'll take you over to tho Priory to lunchoou to-morrow. I havo carte blanche to lake any ono nice." " Introduce mo to-day. Is that sportsmanlike party with the foxy whiskers her fethor ?" " Yes, that's Mr. Morcombe—fine fellowgood old Saxon family—pedigree that goes back to Ilengist and Horsa—looks down upon people who date from the Conquest." " No end of money, I suppose?" "Humph!" ejaculates Dewrance doubtfully; " no end of land if you like, but money dubious—ready cash at premium. I believe Miss Morcombe inherits something from her mother but nothing considerable. People who traco thoir lineage as far fas Hengist and Horea are seldom heavily ingotted." " Introduce me, pleaso." "Wait till the Eisteddfod is over.. TUaskl (hem to luncheon at th'o Cathbritt." i$ not intensely interested in the musical contest. A youngp ri of eleven Is tattling through one of riniey Riehaxds's fantasia Upon a national air, with more patriotic fervour than discre-1 tion. There is to be Welsh song in character I after the pianoforte-playing; and a recitation, I Hamletaudthe Ghost, after that. So that] entertainment. the chairman, -and has something to i most of the ladies on the platform, and —. short, in his glory as arbiter of feminino opin-1 ion in Llandrysak. ' But, lo, presently, come an unlookod-for I diversion. The sunshine which illuminated the tent a quarter of an hour ago has vanished, and a cold grayness prevails in its Btead. Now comes the patter of raindrops on the canvas, heavier and heavier, and the assembled multitude begin to have an uncomfortable feeling that canvas is porous, and that there ate, moreover, various hoiles in the tent through which the rain is already descending pretty smartly, to the" detriment of new bonnets.. Umbrellas go up. Mr. Dewrance has three I pretty girls clustering under his serviceable Sangster. Murmurs of discontent arise at the back of the tent from eager souls whose vision is impeded by the front ranks of umbrellas. The Reverend Slingfoid lemonstrates with the umbrella- holders; uqges that while the contest I is going on they should submit to be rained I upon lather than interfere with the enjoyment of the majority. " I should like to know who could enjoy themselves in such weather as this t" grumbles a sturny farmer in the front row; " there ought to have been a tarpaulin." " We didn't pay our money to be drenched to the skin," ejaculates another. u Think of your second crop of grass," urges Slingford Edwards, " and what a blessing this gemtle shower is for you." Meanwhile the rain falls faster; it splashes and patten upon the piano, so that the last young interpreter of Brinley Richards is fain to stop short in the middle of her performance, and the piano is shut, and covered with green baize. The harp is also shrouded; the smart little Batin bags are thrust under cover. The elite upon the platform huddle together anyhow, and little pools of water lie upon the abandoned benches. The Eisteddfod comes to a dead stop, and the only question among the audiehoe is whether it be wiser to stay where they are, or to brave the fury of the tempest in crossing the narrow ridge of common, which lies between them and shelter. Miss Morcombe is standing by her father, sheltered by his umbrella, and enveloped in a dark blue cloak, which drapes the tell full figure from head to foot. In the confusion that prevails Herman has ample leisure to I scrutinise the Squire's daughter unobserved. Yes. she * es, sne is is handsome nanosome, certainlv certainly, but out that that which most attracts Herman Westray, to whom ft handsome woman is no rare spectacle, is the something loftier and nobler than common beauty which distinguishes that Innocent young face. The modelling of tho features is somewhat there is that fulness of outline which one sees in a Greek statue, not one sharp angle in the face, yet the lines supremely regular. Tho complexion is not fair, but has that fresh « « - . , . -- . „, bloom which comes of an open-air life; tho eyes are darkest gray, so dork that till thoy turn and meet his own Herman thinks them black; the hair darkest brown, and super-1 abundant, for the thick plaits coiled closely at the back of the head are innocent of padding. | Fmnker, fairer countenance never smiled npon mankind. No dangerous Circean fascination here—nothing of we siren or tho Lorelei in this young English maiden—no " history" in I 1™ lie. *r—: : l himself in a purer atmosphere than the air of | his eveiy-day existence.. A thunder-poalbursto and crackles over the tout The rain comes down fastor than over, j more thunder and lightning, then a lull, and therein grows lew. " It's holding up," says Dewrance, who has boen to the door to reoonnoitre. "I roally I think we'd hotter get away while we can. - I Yoii and your papa must corao to tho Cambria and We some luncheon, Miss Morcombe. I \- 1 shall be so ploasod if you will, and tjien you can come back for the afternoon performance." I 41 Heavens/' exclaims Westray; " isn't it all over V « No fchAMV another contest in tho nftnr. 1 n o p n f w d a ^ Herman makiss a wri Moroomhe laughs joyous! sayB, ignoring the feet that ho Ms , not; boonJ introduced to her. I I "I don't admit that. TteEUteddfo^ I charming in its way, but, Uko.aU qUior. thinm> one may have too much of it. I pity the eoplo whom.tutiag tlrn damiv tabetnadothia afternoon," " Thanks for your compassion, says Miss Morcombe. "I wouldn't lose 'Kejoico greatly' on any account." "There's no ram novr, Miss Morcombe. You'd better come," interjects Dewrance,, and the Squire straggling after. The piano each other," «aya Dewrance, looking back. " Mr. Westray, Miss Morcombe. Miss Morcomb e » Mr - destroy." (To be continued.) 