WHHN IiKRRYCOMBS MARCHING 1TOMK. (To the l&litor; of the Haulino A<lve'rti.n-r.) Sir,—To be forwarncd is to lie l'orearmeil. The great reformer :ui<l enlightened financier will soou have returned. Let us, therefore, be prepared for that great sensational event, and bear in minil that he will then bo assisted by that distinguished political economist ami financier, Mr. Mirams, who proposes to briny about such a flourishing state of affairs, that we are all to become rich, with our pockets stullVd full of bank notes, rendering superfluous that paltry representative of value called gold, which, undor antiquated ilotions, is the accepted repre sentative of value in other countries not ad vanced so far in civilisation and intelligence as this colony has become under the talented government of Mr. Graham Berry and his colleagues. Under Mr. Mirams's proposed system, the miners need 110 longer toil seeking gold, that being unrequired, whilst the present banking establishments in the colony need only remain open until they have purchased Mr. Mirams's 80 ozs. bars, paying their notes for them, and so still further filling our coders with those representatives of value. They (the banks) may then seek other Ileitis and pastures new; w.:il.st that expensive and pet institution of our ii stiiiguishod statesmen, the mint, may lie shut up Mr. Mirams's bank notes can then be remiti. 1 to lOnglaud. to balance the tr.iding transact! is of this colony, where they will be as much appreciated as the society of Mr. Graham lierry, when he was in that unenlightened country, whose statesmen Mr. Berry undertook to teach their business. Fellow colonists, how proud we ought to be of our distinguished embassy and its effects, which only cost a paltry £5,000 ! As, doubtless, a banquet will lie given in honor of this great man, including a free pass by the railways, prepare to welcome him back, and do not neglect the favor able opportunity of evincing your profound ad miration of those distinguished statesmen. Messrs. Longmoro and Lalor. Selectors and timber merchants, prepare your illuminated addresses, aud bo ready to present them 011 bended knee to these wise and enlightened legislators by whom your prosperity has been promoted. Working men of Victoria, be ready to accord your approval of the talents of these great men, who have contributed so much by their disinterested patriotism to give you con stant employment, high wages, and rendered your homes so happy; make the welkin ring with your shouts of applause at the result, achieved by tlio embassy. Vile reptile, mis called free press, who dared to misrepresent the sayings of the immortal lierry, dare not to move your crushed head from under the heel of the great Berry, whose electric light, 011 his return in pomp and pageantry, tlio very thought of which makes my brain giddy. Ghosts of llus kisson, Peel, Uobden, Bright, and all your troop of traitors, dare not to stalk abroad, for the great Berry has made the eaith tremble under his feet. Oh, immortal Woods, apply thy patent break with mighty engine-power to still this beating heart. I can no more. H. L. 