INVOCATION OF THE~ R : IN, SAINTS AND ANGELS. The following is tlio second special ser mon rece.itly preached in St. Michael's Church, Woilonyong, by tho ilev T. C. Ewing, [I.D., with reference to the pub-, lisheel n nice of Archbishop Vaughan's remarks iri St. Francis Xuvier's Church, 1 . regarding the Virgin Mary. Tho first | appeared in our issue of the I0U1 instant,! and ..we. republish this froiu the Auslptdiiiii . Churchman of the Ivtli : — , ] ' And my Spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.'— St. Luke's Gospel i. 47, I never have, without; sufficient cause, ente.ied tho lield of religious controversy. ' ; Nor. have I, ever shrank 'from debate when duty required me to . contend for the faith. Jt is unlikely that, at this time, I would be discussing publicly the subject of religious worship, ha»l not-.. statements' made by Dr. Vaughan, in the Roman Catholic ohapel . here, concerning t.ln- worship- given by Romanists to the Virgin; Saints nnd Angels, been published. He has stud that Roman ists merely ask the Virgin', Saints and Angels . to intercede with God for them But, I will. show that the Church of Rome docs much more than ask tlio Virgin, Saints and Angels to prayto-God fiir sinners. As a minister of tlie Church of Engkn 1,1 am bound to speak .out:, for at iny ordination I promised ' with till faithful diligence to . bnpish and drive a. va.y all erroneous and strange doctrines contrary to God's Word, and to use both public and private moni tions and exhortations within my power as . Deed should require and occasion be givon.' , Occasion -has been given. Serious mis statements, tending to- mislead as to the ' nature . of religious worship, have been made by one, highest in position in the Romish Ch nrsh in this colony, and circu lated in my parish; Before proceeding further, I would state that. 'the Church of . Englanl reveres the memory of the Virgin ; but fa be it from tis to 'render to her or any .departed saint relative religious wor ship. Our church teaches. that ' The invo . cation and adoration .v. of; saints is a fond thing vainly '.invented. .and founded1 upon no warranty wf Scrip tu re j 'but -rather repug nant to. the Word .of/ God/' . :r . The worship ; of . , what wore deemed ' superior: beings' .is; of great antiquity. The ancient ; Egyptians worshipped the powers of nature through visible, objects. The ''Etonians canonized and worshipped their Emperors, eminent statesmen: and heroes ; , and .whilst worshipping Jupiter and ' ( he Gods,' they believed in a h igher power— in Fate— to whom Gods and men were subject. -? They had their household Gods (Penates), 'to. whom they gave relati ve religious worship ; ' and they had. their public Gods' (Penates publicli), those re ceived divine honors. Thus the relative religious worship practised by -the Church' of -Rome seems to have been of Pagan origin. We refuse to' worship the Virgin, Saints and Angels, for they tire; creatures— God made them. ; Their -knowledge is limited ; even the. highest among-the angels of God is ignorant of the hour when the Son of Man will come to judge the quick and the dead, 'i'hey know not the thoughts and iiitentd'of'tlie heai t. -Whether men calling upon them are --n earnest or in jest, they \- are ' not : ubiqui tous. ? God - is every where, but creatures, whether in earth or heaven, cannot. be ;in more places .than , one at the same time.: , How., can a; Saint or -Angel lniniste'ring. to believers in India, or China, or Japan, hear the prayers of men in Ire , land, in Sydney, or in' Wollongong It is said. ' We pray for each other hero, and why should not Saints and' Angels pray for us in heaven 1' ' No man can tell what Saints and Angels.do for us in heaven. But. ,God has ordered us to . pray, for each other here. Had He said to us, ' .Pray to the , Virgin, Saint's liud. Angels, ' we. would pray .to them. But1 where, from Genesis to Re : ' velation, is there a' sentenae to that effect 1 Where,, withiiv the compass of God's' Word, ? is a sprayer to the Virgin, a Saint, or an Angel ? Men assist one another. - The . poor may pray for bread, and the criminal for mercy. But the. Virgin, Saints and ? Angels are not amongst us. .Their position ' and; ours is not analogous. Besides, God says, '? Thou -shalt- worship the Lord thy God; and ililn only shalt thou serve.'' And the words of an . inspired apostle are these, 'Let no. man beguile you of your reward ^ in a voluntary , humilit}', and worshipping ; . of angels.!': .Cornelius is prostrate before : St. Peter : wotdd give him relative religious ? worship. . But the Apostle, laying hold of him; says, ' I uiysolf also am a man.' The Lystrians would havo worshipped Paul and Barnabas :. for, said they, ' The Gods have como down to us in the likeness of men.' . . . 'Tho Priest of Jupiter brought oxen and garlands - unto (In gates of the city, and 'would have done sacrifice with the people.' But tho Apostles rent thoir clothes, and ran among the people, and said, 'Sirs, why do ye these things? We are also men of like passions with you.' It is said ' Thoy wero living men who refused : reliiiious worship.'' And was not the Christ :'a'' living man' when he accepted the wor ship of the Apostles and disciples? It is urged that 'in tho abovo cases supremo worship was offered.' What evidence is ..v there of this ? Nor/can it be proved that \- a Romanist is nob, giving ' supreme wor ship'. co tlie Virgin, Saints and Angels when : ? he prays to them. Who among the boasted ? millions of Roniaii'Catliolies (after all, fewer, by: .millions than the followers of the f.dse . ? prophot) can, or does apply the scholastic ^ distinctions^ ^between jAdvvt,- hypordulia, , andd'iil'la? Certninly.-lho extemud hnninjjo.. rendered to God by Romanists is not dilie . rent from that they give to Mary, the | Saints and Angels. -But I will give you | ?an instance ol' a dopavted Snint i's/usiiif/ i-eligious worship. An Angel had: shown St. John wonderful things, and the Apostle ' . - : fell at his feet worshipping Iiiui. But the ; ? Angel sai-l, ' See thou do it not, I am thy 1 fellow-servant, and of thy brethren that liave . the testimony . of Jesus. Worshij) God.' Obviously, he whom St. John svould have -worshipped was a Saint of high degree, yet he refused any measure of re ligious worship. Had religious worship beon permitted to a Saint, he would have accepted the homage offered, but I10 snid, 'do. it not — worship God.' We are re minded that it is customary to honor holy.; and' great men, and even to bow the knee before Majesty.' Bn t1 God's Word requires 1 us to acknowledge civil and soiial distinc- 1 tions. And because wo do this, w mid a sand man argue that we should render to | Saiiits and Angels relative religious wor- 1 sbiji? Has God, snid wo may give religious j worship to Saints? If so, where has He said: it ? ? In the Old Testament? The I Hebrew worshipped, not Moses nor Aaron, rior Samuel, nor any of the prophets, but vGod, as he does this day. I11 the New Testament ? No ! Did Evangelists, or Apostles, or the Primitive Christians wor ship Saints?: Never! Wise men from the East found Joseph and Mary, and the child Jesus. Whom did they worship ? Not Mary, not Joseph, but Jesus. In tlie Lord's Prayer is there one word about Mary, the Saints or Angels ? Neither in the Apostles Creed, the Creed of St. Athanasius, nor in the jNicene Creed is there anything about theiworship of Mary, the Saints or Angels. Jesus says to us ' Whatsoever ye shall ask in my name,' — not in the name of Mary or the 'Saints — 'I will do it.' He invites us thus: ' Come unto Me,' not to Mary or the Saints, 'and I will give you rest.' Again, his words are ' No man cometh unto the , 'Father, but by Ma.' This excludes tho intercession of Mary, the Saintsand Angels. The Romish Church would raise Mary t,o the highest position of honor aud authority. She anathematizes all who do not believe the doctrine of tlie Immaculate Conception of the Virgin ! . But Mary rejoiced in God her Saviour — needed washing in Jesus' blood even as you and I do. The Church of Rome teaches that the Virgin did not die, but was taken ur- into Heaven, oven as Jesus was; and she has Feasts in honor of Mary's assumption ! Dr. Vaughan has said that Romanists merely pray to Mary and the Saints. Hero wp are at issue, and tho burden of proof rests upon me. Confessing his sins, the Roman Catholic says : ' I 3011 fess to Almighty God, to Blessed Mary ever Virgin, to Blessed Michael the Archangel, to Blessed John the Baptist, to the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul, to all the Saints, that I have much sinned in thought, word and deed.' Thus, confession is made to Mary, Saints and Angels, even as to God Himself. Is this not more than asking the Saints to pray for Him ? In authorised Romish books of devotion, the names given to the Lord Jesus are applied to Mary. She is . called ' Mystical Rose, Ark of the Covenant, Gate of Heaven, Morning Star, Refuge.of Sinners, Queen of Angels. Root of Jesse, Mother of Divine Grace, and Cause of our joy. Is it thus the Romanist gives the Virgin an inferior worship ? God says : ' Seek mercy through tlie merits of the Redeemer.' But the Council of Trent has decreed, ' That it is good and lawful suppliantly to invoke the Saints, and to have recourse t'o their ' prayers for aid and help.' Trent Sess. 25, p. 234. And, ' That masses are to be celebrated in honor and memory- of the' Saints, that tlieir patronage may bo obtained.' Trent Sess. 22 'chapter 8, p., 155. . The- Catechism of the Council of.Tront (p. 490; teaches that we may ' fly to the Virgin, that by her intercession shemay conciliate God to us sinners, and obtain for us the blessings of which we stand in need in this life and the lifo which is to come.'- ? And fuither ' That vj6 may ash the Saints to have mercy u2joii us.' Cat. Trent, p. 492. 1 Dr. Vaughan says :— ' We only ask the Saints to pray . for us.' But Trent has said, Thay may be. ashed to have mercy on us.' Does Dr. Vaughan not know that in the public sorvice of tho. Church of Rome the following prayer is used ? 'O God, who by : innumerable miracles, hast honored blessed St. Nicholas, the Bishop, grant wo beseech thee that. by his erits and inter cession we may be delivered from eternal llaines.'' Missal, p. 391. Thus tlio merits of the. adorable Redeemer are set aside for the merits of St. Nicliolus, by whoso merits and intercession souls may be delivered from eternal flames !? ? Surely, this is more than saying,'- St. Nicholas pray: for us. Prayers of this 'kind are numerous in Romish Prayor-bpoks. The meirts of the Saints are constantly spoken of as the cause of spiritual and temporal blessings reaching sinners, thus — ' Grant that through St. Laurence's merits arid intercession we may obtain health of body, and the solvation of our souls.' ' What can Jesus Christ's most precious blood bring us more than salva tion of our souls' ? But saysitho Church of Rome, the Tfuwits and intercession of St. Laurence can do this ! Romish Missal, p. 533. In tho same Missal (p. 419) tho Angel Gabriel is said to bo 'venerated' by Roman ists on earth, and thoir Advocate with God in Heaven. The prayers in which tho Saints — specially the Virgin — aro spoken of as Advocates before God for men are many. But St. John says : ' If any man sin we have an Advocate with the Father, Jesus Christthe righteous.' St. Andrew is called i\\. lJerpetuul Advocate. ' We humbly beseech thy Divine .-Majesty, O Lord, that, as tlie blessed Apostle Andrew was a teacher and pastor of Thy Church, so lie may be with Thee, our Perpetual Advocate.' Missal, p. 388. It is not true that the j Blessed Jesus shares with St. Andrew, or. the Virgin, or an Angel, His intercessory oliice. ? For St. Paul writes : ' Je3us ever I li voth to make intercession for us.''; Is His 1 'intercession -.ineffectual? Must it be sup ' plementcd by the intercession of Mary and I Saints ? ; 'A canoniziid saint of 1 tho Romish church has adapted certain of the Psalms to the worship of . the Virgin. . Hie 30th Psalm. ' In thee; O Lady, havo 1 trusted : lob me never be confounded.' 'Thou art 'my fortitude and my rofiige, my consolation and my- protection,' - 1 ' Into thy hands, 0 Lad}', I commend 1 my spirit.' ['?'He has made the 31st Psalm read thus:- — ' r ? } ' Thoy, whose hearts love Thee, O Virgin Mary, aro , blessed ; their sins shall be I mercifully blotted out by thee.' Is this merely—pray for us ? The same canonized saint has ncoommo datcd the Te Deum to the worship of the Virgin : — ' We praise Thee, Mother of God, wo acknowledge Thee, Mary, the Virgin.' 'All the earth doth worship Thee, spouse of the Eternal Father.' ' O Lady, save thy people.' Does this only mean — 'Pray for us?' This canonized saint litis tnado the Creed of St- Alhanasius subservient to tho Virgin. ' Whoiojvcr will be saved, before ! all things it is necessary that he hold . I firm the faith concerning the Virgin Mary, | I which, except a man keep whole and unde 1 filed, without doubt lie will perish cverlast- j 1 injjly ' Does this merely mean — ' Pray 1 for us ?' i I Ho prostitutes tlie 'glorious Litany'' I to the same unholy purpose. | ' Holy Mary, whom all things praise and 1 venerate — pray for us. Be propitious. Spare us, O Lady.' ! ? 'From the terrible torments of Hell, i deliver us, O Lady' ' Give etevml rest to all tho faithful de parted, O Lady.' Is this only — pray for us ? In his devotional works, addressing the Virgin, he says : — ' By tho right of a mother comma, nd Thy most beloved Son, Jesus Christ!' Is this what Dr. Vaughan means by saying, ' Wo only ask the saints to pray for us?' Who is right, Dr. Vaughan or Bona.ventura, whom Gregory 10th elevated to the dignity of a Cardinal Bishop, and whom Sextus Cth canonized ? Time will not permit me to say more than that prayers to the Virgin arid Saints are as fifty to five given to any of the persons in the adorable Trinity : that the 'Heart' of the Virgin is called 'The organ of the Holy Ghost,' and that Popes hnve said the Virgin is tho entire ground of their hope. I will only add what the late Pope said of himself: — ' Alone, in spite of my unworthiness, I am the successor of tho Apostles, the Vicar of Jesus Christ. Alone I have the mission to conduct and direct tho bark of Peter. I am the way, the truth, and the lifo. Those who are with me are with the church. They are out of the way, the ?truth, aud the life.' This is Popery. Against this system we protest; for it exalts man, and would degrade God's Eternal Son, His work and offices. This is the system which some — calling them selves Protestants — foster by tlieir subscrip tions to convents, chapels, and presbyteries, and. by the assistance they afford to Romish bazaars, art unions, &c.; This system — de- nounced in Holy Scriprure, and the foe of civil and religious liberty, wherever it has Hie power — is pandered to by a portion of the Press in this colony ; but they who value God's word — a spiritual worship— and who revere the memories of the con fessors and martyrs, who vindicated and sealed with their blood the principles of the Reformation, resist its encroachments, and are ever ready to contend for the faith once, and once for all, delivered to the saints. References in connection with what lias boon said in tho Sermon : — Christ worshipped — not Mary. Vide Pliny's Letter to Trajan. Consult note. Catochism of Trent', pp. 490 and 491. Seo ' Sacred Heart, pp. 171, 173. Also, ' Li In 113' of the Saerod Heart.' Bingham, pp. 589, 13!)f5. Milman's Latin Christianity, Vol I. p. 400; Vol. VI. pp 413 and 415. Tyler's Worship of tho Virgin, pp. 18 and 44. Jcwol's Controversy with Harding on Adoration of Images. 