LlTERATURE. Literary Notices. THE FOUR GARDENS, A SOLEMN IMAGERY. Gloucester: T. Bellowes. This is really an extraordinary book, not on account of its great literary merit, but because the author imagines he can improve upon Milton, and re- write, with all modern improvements re- lating to style, scholarship, taste, and genius, "Paradise Lost" and "Paradise Regained." The "Poem of the Four Gardens," is the offspring of a conceit engendered in the mind of a man who did not discover that he was a poet until he was 64 years of age. The book is padded out with texts o scripture and other introductory matter, which, to our readers, and indeed to any readers, save the author, and perhaps his rela- lives, is of little interest. In this introductory matter the author does not fail to repeatedly compliment himself. He thinks that Milton disparaged the Deity by introducing hea- then gods and goddesses into Paradise Lost, and believing that he could improve upon that work, She wrote the Four Gardens, to wit, Eden, Gethse- mane, Christ's Burial and Resurrection, and the Paradise of God. The poem is divided into eight parts, and is altogether so lengthy and prosaic, that we cannot conscientiously recommend our leaders to undertake the enormous task of perusing it. We quote a short extract as a fair sample. It is a description of Satan's entrance into Eden. Now Satan from th' archangel's piercing gaze Withdrew. Our Leader Michael outspread His buoyant wings, uplifted from the earth He rose, and with him his associate band; And rapidly as faithful Messengers are hither come. It was our chief delight We honour our Creator while on earth, And how more profitably to ourselves, More pleasingly, acceptably to Him Than by consid'ring all His works and ways, Whereby we to His Spirit are conform'd. His wisdom all the heav'nly host declare; Each firmament—aerial expanse His handiwork. One morn, ere dawn of day We viewing were Night's gorgeous canopy,— But not in any of the num'rous worlds In executing His decrees that we Have visited, in such magnificence, Transcendent majesty doth beauty shine As on this new-made Earth the home of Man. But ere with streaks vermillion and of gold (Approaching Day's aeriel harbingers). Heav'n's greater light had tinged the orient sky, While on heav'n's glitt'ring vault we calmly mus'd, A fire, strange flame shot swiftly tow'rds the Earth; As if, releas'd from bond centripet'd, Ampell'd by its first given impetus The Morning Star had at a tangent rush'd, And furiously inping'd upon the Earth; Which could not be, for she so beautiful Was not preceding, but as Ev'ning Star Was following the lord of Day. E'en then We thought it strange, but now it would appear That Satan by morn's early twilight gray, On Earth had made his sinister descent. We further sought more perfectly the Earth To know, oft soared above its firmament Its beauty and variety to view, While mountains, vales, and seas flew rapidly Beneath. And thus did Satan likewise watch, And wait till Garden of the Lord drew near. Th' excelling beauty and magnificence, This planting, finish'd work of God he knew; And from heaven's upper firmament we saw Him fly, or rather, in the Garden fall. As lightning swift, and hoping to escape The eye of Him who never weary is, Nor slumbereth. Thus ends our narrative. To Him who sent us, we must now return. The love and grace of God increase your lives In holy fear. May your next visitors Be Messengers to Man of Peace and Love; Bright Heralds swift with joyous tidings clad. The angels who from earth return'd now rose . i Amid a song of benediction—praise; With Allelulia chorus, for the Lord, The Lord, the God omnipotent doth reign. POEMS, by ELLEN S. CRAIK. J. Nisbet, London. Miss Craik was cast out of a church at Bristol because she dared to hope that all men would be saved, and to think that God was more merciful than He had been represented by the churches. Eventually she went to India under appointment to the Zenana mission, but was cut off in the bloom of life at Calcutta by cholera. Her early death, perhaps, more than the merit of her poems, has brought them into notice. She seems to have been a very pure-minded lady, gifted with much tenderness. The following is an average sample of her poetry :— All day long they wander on the mountains, And the shepherd calleth them In vain, Till at gleaming they are cold and weary, And there seems no shelter they can gain; But the fold is near, and he that calls them Will not leave them in the chill night blast, So they reached its safety and its plenty,— And the evening brings all home at last. All day long the workers toil and labour, Fighting hand to hand the fight of life; Often they are hard-pressed in the battle, Often sorely tempted in the strife; But through all they see the home-fire burning, And each turns, when working hours are past, To its longed-for rest, and warmth, and welcome,— So the evening brings all home at last. All our day of life we strive and wrestle, Or we wander far like silly sheep; If we stray, our Shepherd still will seek us, All His own for ever He will keep. But, O joy! to work on through the day time, With the home-light brightening, nearing fast, And to taste the fullness of its welcome, When the evening brings all home at last! FEUILLEMORTE AND OTHER POEMS, By PERCY GORDON, Longmans and Co., London. Some of the poems in this collection are nice and sweetly melodious, but not overcrowded with deep thoughts. We give the following as a specimen :— SONG. I. Birdie, sitting on the spray, Pity me: I was happy yesterday, For I had a lover, sweet, Alas, with wings unto his feet, Who from me has flown to-day ; Sing to me thy plaintive lay, And pity me, II. Brooklet babbling o'er thy stones, Pity me: I was wooed In tender tones, But the voice I fain would hear Will not answer anywhere; Nothing for my grief atones; Murmur o'er thy mossy stones, And pity me. III. Wandering wind among the trees, Pity me: Thou that comest over seas, Bring to me from thy sweet south No false kisses for my mouth, But cure for this fond heart's disease Singing o'er the lonely leas Pity for me. RIPPLES AND BREAKERS, by Mrs. G. L. BANKS. Kegan, Paul, and Co., London. Another volume of verses on a great variety of subjects, the literary merits of which are hardly commensurate with the aims of the authoress. "Beating against the Bars," is a fair poem, and teaches a healthy moral. What would I give to end the restless strife Which men call life? To reach unchallenged the celestial goal Of the freed soul? What would I give? Ah me! What have I to resign I can call mine? Beauty!—Scant dower of loveliness was mine, forsooth, Even in youth; And the small gifts were called back one by one, Till all were gone. Now;—What of beauty could the passer-by In me descry? Youth?—With its proud resolves, high hopes and schemes, Its glad day dreams;— Youth,—looking up intent to the "still higher," Full of strange fire, Of life, and health, and energy to do— Thou art gone too! Wealth?—That did aye elude my timid clasp, I had no strength to grasp, No magic net to catch the golden spoil With little toil: The mintage of the brain and of the mart Are far apart. Health?—With full pulses beating steady time To life's best rhyme, Spirits elastic as the buoyant tread— Thou long hast fled! My white face mocks my pillow, my thin hand Droops down like sand. Love?—I had a heart-shaped chalice brimmed with wine from fount of thine I gave my goblet, bubbling richly up, For a like cup:— I bartered wine for water and sour lees, ls loved of these? I would give much—but what?—for leave to fade away Out of this clay. I have not Beauty, Youth, nor Wealth to render up, Nor love's full cup, Nor Health's pure balsam. I have nought to bring As offering. Let me be patient, since in each heart beat I hear the feet Of the sure messenger who comes to all With mystic pall: But louder still, a voice in solemn tones Rebukes my moans:— "Oh, panting heart: chafe not with flattering rage Against thy cage:— For others, not for self, God gave the place In life's sharp race. The pulse may ebb, feet bleed—but duty done, The goal is won!" THE DAWN OF HISTORY: AN INTRODUCTION TO PRE-HISTORIC STUDY. Edited by C. F. KEARY, M A., of the British Museum. London: Mozley and Smith. At the present time, when the opinions of geologists respecting the antiquity of our race are so hotly contested, and when discoveries are being made almost every day tending to show the great antiquity of man upon the earth, a work like the Dawn of History is an acceptable addition to the literature of the subject. Mr. Keary does not exhaust the subject, but he gives a great deal of information on it. Writing of cave drawings, he says:— It is well worth while to pause a moment over these cave- drawings. They are of various degrees of merit, for some are so skilful as to excite the admiration of artists and the astonishment of archaeologists; and it is a curious fact that during ages which succeeded those of the cave- dwellers; all through the polished stone period and the age of bronzes—of which we shall have to speak anon—no such ambitious imitative works of art seem to have been attempted. The workers of those later times seem to have confined them- selves in their decorations to certain arrangements of points and lines. The love of imitation is doubtless one of the rudimentary feelings in the human mind; as we may see by watching children. But, rudimentary as it is, it springs from the same root as the highest promptings of the intellect—that is to say, from the wish to create—to fashion something actually ourselves. This is sufficient to explain the origin of these carvings; yet we need not sup- pose that when the art of making them was once known they were used merely for amusement. Long afterwards we find soon drawings and representations looked upon as having some qualities of the things they represent; as, for instance, where in a saxon cavern at Maeshow, in the Orkney islands, we find the drawing of a dragon, which had been sup- posed to watch over the treasures concealed within. Savages in the present day often think that part of them is ac- tually taken away when a drawing of them is made, and exactly a similar feeling gave rise to the superstition so prevalent in the middle ages, that witches and magicians used to make a figure in wax to imitate the one on whom they wished to wreak their vengeance, and that all the pains inflicted upon this waxen antitype were reproduced in the body of the victim. On such confusion of ideas do all idolatries rest; so may we not, without too bold a flight, imagine that some superstitions notions, touching the effi- cacy of these drawings, was a spur to the industry of our first forerunners on the earth, and contributed to their wonderfully acquired skill In their art? May they not have thought that their representations gave them some power over the animals they represented; that the lance-head carved with a mammoth would be efficient against tho mam moth's hide; that the harpoon containing the representation of a deer or a fish was the weapon best adapted for transfixing either? However this may be, we cannot deny the interest which attaches to the first dawnings of art in the world. Nor is this interest confined altogether to its aesthetic side—the mere beauty and value of art itself—great though this be. Not only does drawing share that mysterious power of imparting intense pleasure which belongs to every form of art, but it was likewise, after human speech, the first discovered means of conveying an idea from one man to another. As we shall come to see in a later chapter, the invention of drawing bore with it the seeds of the invention of writing, the greatest stop forward in material things, at any rate, that man has ever made. This is ingenious, but really since the descen- dants of these men do sometimes take to drawing rudely or otherwise as a pastime, or because their proclivities incline them to it, why should the men of the Paleolithic or the Neolithic ages have not done the same thing? These rude drawings were the first dawnings of art. Men at the pre- sent time, who are not very much exalted above their pre-historic ancestors, make rude attempts at drawing merely to gratify the natural bent of their minds towards art. And since human nature, whether savage or civilised, or wherever found, displays the same fundamental characteristics, why should not savage pre-historic man have gratified his imitative propensity merely because such a propensity was part of his nature. While such an easy explanation of the cave draw- ings is at hand, it is not necessary to invent a far- fetched hypothesis to explain them. The burial customs of pro-historic man are thus described:— Their religion probably consisted in part of the worship of the dead, so that the very tombs themselves, and not the cromlechs only, were a sort of temple. And yet they had the deepest dread of the reappearance of the departed upon earth—of his ghost. To prevent his "walking" they adopted a strange practical form of exorcism. They strewed the ground at the grave's mouth with sharp stones or broken pieces of pottery, as though a ghost could have his feet cut, and by fear of that be kept from returning to his old haunts. For ages and ages after the days of the mound-builders the same custom lived on of which we here see the rise. The same ceremony—turned now to an unmeaning rite—was used for the graves of those, such as murderers or suicides, who might be expected to sleep uneasily in their narrow house. This is the custom which is referred to in the speech of the priest to Laertes. Ophelia had died under such suspicion of suicide, that it was a stretch of their rule, he says, to grant her Christian burial. "And but the great command o'ersways our order. She should in ground unsanctified have lodged To the last trumpet: for charitable prayers, Shards, flints, and pebbles, should be thrown on her." * * * * * * The body of him for whom the mound was built was not buried in the centre, but at one end, and that commonly the east, for in most cases the barrows lie east and west. It is never stretched out flat, but lies or sits in a crouohed attitude, the head brought down upon the breast, and the knees raised up to meet the chin. So that the dead man was left facing towards the west—the going down of the sun. There cannot but be some significance in this. The daily death of the sun has, in all ages and to all people, spoken of man's own death; his western course has seemed to tell of that last journey upon which all are bent. So that the resting place of the soul is nearly always imagined to lie westward in the home of the setting sun. For the rest, there seems little doubt that the barrows represent nothing else—though upon a large scale— than the dwelling home of the time, and that the greater part of their funeral rites are very literal and un- symbolical. The Esquimaux and Lapps of our day dwell in huts no more commodious than the small chambers of the barrows, and exceedingly like them in shape; only they keep them warm by heaping up over them not earth but snow. In these they sit squatting in an attitude, not unlike that of the skeleton of the tumult. Of the human remains the skulls are small and round, and have a prominent ridge over the sockets of the eyes, showing that the ancient race was of small stature with round heads and overhanging eye- brows; in short, they bore a considerable resemblance to the modern Laplanders. Mr. Keary gives an interesting account of the village communities in Russia and India, showing that these modes of social life are survivals of the first and earliest form of municipal government. They are essentially and substantially com- munistic, and hence Communism, now so much talked of as a panacea for all political ills, is really a reversion to the first form of society that existed in prehistoric ages. The reader will find in this book a great deal of useful information on all these topics, and also on the use of comparative philology and comparative history in all researches as to the condition of the prehistoric races. We strongly recommend Mr. Keary's book to our readers, as a useful work on a most interesting subject. 