A HlTcu So:isw-nci:.-A young artist of this city, who was favorably mentioned at the lnst art-exhibition. read with much gratification the clever little story that has been going 11ie rounds of the newspapers of late regarding another faimous painter Landscer. It seems that a few years before the latter's death lie went to a Iondon bank to have a cheque cashed. The teller re quired the great anlial painter to be iden tified before the money could be paid. As the arti-t knew no one in that part of London, the situation was an annoying one. Suddenly an idea occurred to hint. "You have seen engravings of Landscer's works ? " lie enquired. " Why, of course," replied the teller; "I have his Three Friends in my own parlor." Landseec seized a bit of blotting- paper and a pencil and with a few hurried lines reproduced the famous trio of horse-heads. Without another word the money was paid over. Our native painter, whom we will call Daubney, was very much struck by this anecdote, and so the next day lie thought lie would ascertain if true genius obtained the same instant recognition in this country as in the old. Arming himself with a cheque on the Nevada Bank for one thous and dollars, lie proceeded to that institution and presented the same. "But I don't know you, sir," at once replied the teller. " Have you ever been through the rooms of the Art Association ? " " Certainly." " Very well, then," replied D., drawing oil his gloves, "just hand me a bit of blotting paper and a pencil." In a few moments lie handed the paper back to the teller. " There, sir, do you see that ? " "Yes, I do. What of it ? " " What does it remind you of ? " and the landscape main smiled affably upon the crowd of clerks that had by this time collected. "It looks like a section of a hair-mattrass," said the bank official. "Blood and ochre, man t that's a rough copy of The Petaluma Foothills, and my name is-Daubney." "Don't care if it's Judus Iscariot; you haven't any money in this bank." " Why, did-did-L--anud seer have any money in that bank l?" gasped the astonished young man. " What are you giving us ? " growled the teller. "Do you know I've a mind to hand you over to the police." "I guess the poor devil is only a little crazy," said a kind hearted book-keeper, looking up from his ledger. " Better just have the porter fire him out." When )Daubney re:ached tilhe sidewalk and got his coat-collar smoothed straight again, lie came to the conclusion that either 'esthetic art hadn't the ghost of a slow in this community, or else there was something in that Landseer story that lie hadn't quite got the lhang of after all. Virginia City Paper. A KELLY a-s.x':TUI:E.-A- per:son writing from ' arch sends the Mhelbourne Age the following account of a recent appearance of some men representing themselves as the Kelly gang:-About six p.m. on the 7th April, as Miss Goodear was reiurning from Gobtr to Yarc:, she w'as called on to stop by two men, oi:e of wiim said, " I am NedI Kelly," and r efrrin' to Iis mate, said, " this is itr. tart." ie asked if she had any nliney or jee!!llery. She replied, " Only a trifle." Site wore a ring, which lie demtanded, and odecrel her ti ioldt out her hand while he too:: it, which he dii. He repeatedly said he was Ned K:el.'. ,is' Goodear told him si h did not believe him, and said sle supposed lie knew her, anli wanted to frighten her. IIe then held upi a revolver atnd said "do you believe me now ? " This silenced her. 1ie ti-i her not to be afr'aid, as they would n, it rt her -they only wanted to ask " few questions concerning the police iin tie district, to which site relied as best she could. lie questioned her how the banks were guarded in the district. Hart, as lie was called, dis inititel about eight yards off, ?: ln had something resembling gunll on tti side of the horse. Ned Kelly asked what constable was stationed at Gobur. On her replying it was Constable Riceistrdson, and tlhat she expecte.l him aloin very soon, he said " O. that wretch! I will noon ilmas smalil work of him ; hlie has done a deal of harm." Hart swore at Kelly to colime on, as their mates would be waiting ; and after keepitng her for fully twenty minutes, and asking numnerous minor questions, he gave her back her ring, and told her she had best go hosme. Thiis occurred at a point about half-way between Golur and Ytarck, whiceh are distant six miles apart. The two men went towards the Black Range. Miss Goodear has de scribed to the police their dress and com plexion, &c.;, as well as she couldl. It being nearly dark, Ned lit a match and held it to his face, and asked her if she had ever seen himn before; but, to her knowledge she never had. Ned drew Ihis horse up along. side the young lady's horse, but neither dis nlounted. JI)inlRll.L tO)rcnsao.-On the night of Monday, the 10th March, i terrible outrage was perpetrated about seven o'clock, at a place called Driunlisih, near Derrygonnelly. A man nauied Patrick Me Connell met a neighbor of his, Patrick Tlhompson, near the residence of his father-in-law, and in vited him into thIe ficlds with him to take a share in a bottle of whisky. Thompson, not suspecting anything, consented, and when they were in in unfrequented place M3c Council struck Thompson on the fore head with a hatchet, fractur'ing his skull and smashing his righit eye and lose. They struggled for a considerable time, during which Thompson was again struck with the same weapon, which cut throushi his shoul der-blade. The cries of the injured man were heard, and Ile was conveyed to the house of MIc Connell's father, where lie was shortly after visited by Dr. Parke and the parish priest. As may be sunpIosed, the unfortunate man's condition is most critical. r. IIenry G. Cary. county inspector of constabulary, and Mr. I. HIarvey, 1.31., proceeded to the scene of the outrage at four o'clock on Tuesday morning, and were occupied the greater part of the day.in vestigating the case and takling Thompsou's depositions. 1c Counell was arrested by the Derrgonnelly police, and has been committed to Ennislillen gaol. IrE sEVEnI TOLD lIS SNUI.--" What do I puit yo in mind of?" the young man asked the young woman who was waiting for hitm to ask for his hat. " A French clock," she said, softly. And pretty soon lie arose and went on his way. The next morning lie called upon an eminent horologist and asked hlim what was the distinguishing trait of a -French clock. The horologist said, " why, it never goes." And the vyoung man was-sorely cast down, and lie grieved, and told no man of his hurt.-B-urlington Hawkeve. JeLLY llor.rs.-Three eggs well beaten, one cup of sugar, one and a half cup of flour; two tablespoonsful of milk or water, one and a half teaspoonfl of soda, one tea spoonful cream tartar. Spread jelly and roll. For cream cakes mnake in two tarts and spread cream between them. One tote in the United States Senate has prevented the celebrated Jelf. Davis re ceiving a pension from the government against which lie directed the forces of the southern confederacy. He served with dis tinction in the Mexican war, and would now be entitled to a pension if lie had not iceien so conspicuous a rebel. eHowever, lihe may be content without a pension, for in almost any other country lie would have paid for the failure of his plans with his life. The northerners clamoured for his execution when lie was powerful, tlley wished to hang him upon an " apple-tree" as soon as lie could be captured, and con sequently the southern president was so terrified that lie judged it wise to conceal his mizen old body in female dress when the final collapse of the confederacy took place. He was captured and imprisoned, but the clemency of the victors towards their vanquished bretihren soon overcame all harsher considerations; and even Presi dent Davis, the arch-rebel, was allowed to take up the full rights of citizenship. The old man has played an important part in the history of the New World, and even those who do not sympathlise with his action would wish him to spend his old age with the comfort befitting the chosen leader of half the states. " Ma," said a thoughtful boy, "I don't think Solomon was so rich as they say he was." " Why, my dear, what could have put that into your head ? " " Why, the bible says lie slept with his fathers; and I think if lie had been so very rich he would have had a bed of his own." An accident of a somewhat extraordinary nature occurred at the 'Ielbourne hospital yesterday evening. William Swindon, a patient on the medical side of the house, who is suffering from pneumonia, left his bed and escaped from the ward without attracting the attention of any of the nurses. Hie went to a small apartment immediately adjoahing the ward, and succeeded in throw ing himself out of a.narrow window, which, strange to say, was without any protecting bars. The unfortunate man, who was in the early stage of delirium, fell to the ground below, a distance of about twenty five feet, and sustained a compound fracture of the leg besides internal injuries. He was discovered almost immediately after wards, and was removed to the surgical side, where his injuries received prompt attention. Taking into consideration howr ever the nature of the ailment from which the man was suffering, and the shock to the system consequent upon the injuries resetting' fron the fall, there is but a remote chance of the patient recovering. At a late hour last night the case appeared to be hIoeless.--1, h!bourne Argus. A single telegramn from Afghanistan to thie L,-oe Stan.lard is saill to have cost Paris last year consumed 11,31: horses for food, heing soime 700 more than in 1877. 