MAFFRA. <i-RO.M . OtTB. -OWDT - C0KBESP6HJJEHT The postponed entertainment m aid of our MecliamcB' Institute came off on Wednesday evening last, and although the attendance tgasjogt -so Jaige a? on the prefious_T , «day, yet the entertainment was a great success - 'The piogramme was opened with the "well-known quartette, (' Dame Durden" by Messrs Clifton A Hawkins, Linton, and E Hawkins, which was given in very good style, then followed MrCarr with the piettysong "Twinkling Stais,"in which he acquitted .himself -to the satisfaction of every one present." The comic song, " Have you seen the Ghost," by Mi Dawson appeared to-causa great amusement Mr Allan M'Lean then read ' How I boat the favourite," a poem by the late Mr Gordon.;'.- It is-vfery seldom that Mr M'Lean has been heard to better advantage than m his rendering of this piece. MrvE. Hawkins then gave "I speak.to you as a friend," a motto song, Which he. rendered very effectively, but the gem of the -evening was undoubtedly : the duet by the Misses .Hawkins, " Come o'er the Moonlit Sea," it- is not -too much, to say-that -these ladies acquitted them- - selves, in a. most artistic; manner, -the : harmony of the two -voices being perfect A recitation by Mr. Bromfield. " Hollo's, Address,''.followed, which that gentleman 1 lave m a masterly manner,: and for it ae was most deservedly applauded:: • The - J favourite song, "My old friend John", was well rendered by Mr A. Hawkins, and ,"The Arab's Farewell" by Mr A' Linton, fairly took tlie audianee by surprise,- and the- applause showed "that his efforts were appreciated by the audience- It- is -almost • needless to.-say that Mr Sutcliffe was well received, " and his song "Mrs M'Sorley-s Twins" created great amusement. This brought the first part of the progamnio to^.a close, the second part commenced with the • vocal diiet, ; "Larboard Watch." by Messrs Linton and-A. Halwkms, and in this: they acquitted themselves admirably; Mv Carr" .then sang " Mniuie say" m a pleasing manner. . Mr E. Hawkins, "The old log cabin," with chorus was given with pretty eftect. Mr E. Dawson followed with " Pat of Mullingar,". whiclugava every satisfaction. ..-.Mr G-. T. . Jones.gave.-a readlug" Sergeant Buzfuu's : address,'' from tJie_ celebrated trial scene of JJardell v. 3- > iclcwick, and it is only domg.Mr Jones justice• to say .that his conception- of the learned : Buzfuz was exceedingly good. Mr A. Liuton's song " Here stands a post" was. well sung,-and the popular ballad '^ITancy .: Lee," -bysJMr. A; Hawkins, was very "successful.* Mr J ohnsomBoe : sang " My : grandfather's oat"in a most laughable' manner.: - - Mr BromQeld then -gave lus old favourite song " Sit me down snugly" in his usual humourous style, and Mr .Sutcliffe again pleased his hearers by his, song " The old leather, breeches," which sent every.oneJiomein thebestof tempers. The accompaniments were most effectively played, by Miss :Hawkms and Mr H.-Hol- .oway, and the new harmonium purchased, by the committee from the imusic ware-, house of Mr G. Chapman gave-every satisfaction. The last of the entertainments of the season for the Mechanics' will. ,be-given- early next month by the : Mafifra :Minstrels, and I can safely: say: a good performance - will be given. They are in full rehearsal, having received the' assistance of some really good- talent I trust to see a bumper house. 