OPTICAL WONDERS? PnoKEBSou Popper and Mr. J. J. Walker, of European reputation, aro giving their ontertnin inentH ut the Sydney School of Art«. . Of it The Engineer writes:-"Mr. Wnlker's illusion is really fur moro marvellous than that which preceded it. It would bo hardly fair just yet to explain how it is done, but a statement of what is dono will servo to provo our assertion that this is tho most astonishing scientific illu- sion yot produced, On tho principal stage, in tho centre, at thu back, is fitted up a small secondary stage, reached from the first by a broad Hight of half a dozen stops. This se- condary stngo is w'oll lighted by concealed lamps. Tho principal stngo is part of tho timo lighted, part of the time dark. On tho second- ary or small stngo is placed an nrm-chair. Tho lecturer reads a pussngo from ' Macbeth,' and as ho docs so, tho main stage being darkened, und tho armchair in the light, wo begin to seo a formless something in tho chair. As wo watch it, it takos substance, and so out of nothing we find that tho ghost of Banquo has been formed before our eyes, and sits in tho chair. Tho ghost rises, walks forward, and then stops. Tho footlights are turned up, and ic is seen that the apparent ghost is solid flesh and blood. Ho retires, reseats himself in tho chair, and gradually, before our eyes, dissolves into thin air and vanishes. Tho chair remains all tho timo. Then an open work-basket is suspended from tho roof by a singlo wire. Somo 50 oranges placed in this vanish slowly before our eyes, and ¡tro as slowly replaced by lmlf-a-dozon pots oE marinnhulo. A pedestal is put on the second- ary stage, and on it n bust shapes itself by de- grees out of nothing, und tho said bust is then lifted oil' it and carried down to tho footlights. Many other things aro done, but thoefleot is the sumo in all. If tluibustnppearcd suddenly on tho pedestal, or if tho oranges vanished in a moment, it might bo said that it was a little moro than a trick oE legerdemain. Tho peculiarity hero is that wo see the bust in the net of forming itself out of nothing, whilo tho oranges vanish slowly before our eyes becoming fainter and fainter till they aro gone. It is quito impossible to give any adequate idea of the mental effect produced by this illusion. Thoso who aro in want of a now sensation will do well to see and form their own ideas concerning it. Nor lins tho climax been reached ; tho principio involved is capablo of further development, and Mr. Walker is now constructing apparatus. by which the following effect will bo produced :-Au artist appeals sketching from a lay ligure-that it is a lay figure, jiains aro taken to provo to tho audience Tho artist, fatigued, fulls asleep ; then tho lay figure comes to lifo, and deliberately takes tho artist to pieces, carrying his head, legs, arms, and body down to tho footlights. This done, tho lay figure takes them all back again ; puts them together, and tito artist wakes up, believ- ing that he has had a fearful dream. Thu lay figure ts a lay figure once moro. Those who nro familiar with tho law of optics will find food for thought in Mr. Walker's invention, which is us ingenious nB tho sterescopo." 