CHAPTER XVII.-MTJBDBB. Murder lan awful word under the moat ordinary circumstances of everyday life- an awful word even when spoken of an event that happened long ago, or afar off. But what a word shouted in the dead of night, through the close darkness of a sleeping House, thrilling the ear of slumber, freez ing the blood in the half-awakened sleepers'veins. Such a shout-repeated with passionate clamour -scared the ir habitants of the Cibber-street lodg inghouse at 3 o'clock in the winter morning, still dark as deepest night. Mrs. Itawber heard it in her back bedroom on the ground floor. It pene trated confusedly-not as a word, but as a sound of fear and dread-to the front kittchen, where Mrs. Evitt, the landlady, slept on an anuient press bedstead, which by day made believe to bea book case. Lastly, Desrolles, who seemed to have slept more heavily than the others onj that particular night, came" rushing out of his room to ask the meaning of that hideous summons. They all met on the first floor landing1, where Jack Chicot stood on the threshold of his wife's bedroom, with a candle in his hand, the flickering Hame making a patch of. sickly yellow light amist surrounding gloom-a faint light in which Jack Cb i cot's pallid countenance looked like the face of a ghost, " What is the matter P" Desrolles asked the two women simultaneously. "My wife has been murdered. My God, it ÍB too awful I See-see-" Chicot pointed with a trembling hand to a thin thread of crimson that had crept along the dull grey carpet to the very threshold. Shudderingly the others looked inside, as he held the candle to wards tbe bed, with white averted face There were hideous stains on the counterpane, an awful figure lying in a heap among the bedclothes, a long loose coil of raven huir, curved like a snake round the rigid form-an awful spectacle, which not one of those who gazed upon, spell-b und, fascinated by the horror of the sight, could ever hope to forget. "Murdered, and in my house I" shrieked Mrs. Evitt, unconsciously echoing the words of Lady Macbeth on a similar occasion. " I shall never let my first floor again. I'm a ruined woman. Seize him,'old'im tight," she cried, with sudden intensity. " It must 'ave been her husband done it. You was often a-quarrelling, you know you was." This fierce attack startled Jack Chicot. He turned upon the woman with his ghastly face, a new horror in his eyes. i "I Mil lier !" he cried. " I never raised my hand against her in my life, though she has tempted me many a time. I came into the house three minutes ago. I should not have known anything, for when 1 come in late I Bleep in the little room, but I saw that-(he pointed to the thin streak which had crept across the threshold, and under the door, to the carpetless landing outside),«'and tli en I came in and found her lying here, as you see her." "Somebody ought to go for a policeman," sug gested Desrolles. "I will," said Ghicot, being the only person present in a condition toleave the house, and be fore anyone could question bis right to leave it he was gone. They waited outside that awful chamber for a quarter of an hour, but no policeman came, nor did Jack Chicot return. " I begin to think ho has made a bolt of it," said Desrolles. " That looks rather bad." "Didn't I tell you he'd done it," screamed the landlady. " I've seen it in his looks-and she has told me as much, and cried over it, poor thing, when she'd taken a glass or two more than was eood for her. And you let him go, like a coward "o """ -erna " My Rood Mrs. Evitt, you are getting abusive. I was not sent into the world to arrest possible criminals. I ara not a detective." " But I am a ruined woman !" cried the outraged householder; "who's to occupy my lodgings in future, I should like to know ? The house'il get the name of being haunted. Here's Mrs. Iîawher even, that has been with me close upon 5 years will be wanting to go." ' " I've had a turn," assented the tragic lady, "and I don't feel that I can lie down in my bed again downstairs. I'm afraid I may have to look for other apartments." "There," whimpered Mrs.Evitt, "didn't I tell you I was a ruined woman ?" Desrolles had gone into the front room, and was standing at an open window, watching for a policeman. One of those guardians of the public peace came strolling along the rjavernent presently, with as placid an air as if he had been an inhabitant of Arcadia, to whom Desrolles shouted, "Come up here, there's been murder." The public guardian wheeled himself stiffly round and approached the Btreet door. Be didhoc take the word murder in its positive sense, bût in its local significance, which meant a row culmi nating in a few bruises and a black eye or two. That blood had been shed, and that a dead woman was lying in the house never entered his mind. He opened the door and came up stairs with slow creaking footsteps, as if he had been making a ceremonious visit. "What's the row?'' he asked curtly, when he ' came to the first-iloor landing, and saw the two women standing there, Mrs. Evitt wrapped in a waterproof, Mrs." Rawber in a yellow cotton dress ing-gown of antiquated fashion, both with scared faces and dishevelled hair. Mr. Desrolles was the coolest of the trio, but even his countenance had a ghastly look in the light of the guttering candle, which Jack had set down on the little table outside the bedroom door. They told him, breathless'y, what had hap pened. " Is she dead ?" he asked. "Go in and look," said Mrs. Evitt, "I dared not ero a-nichher." The policeman went, lantern in hand, a monu ment of stolid calm, amidst the terror of the scene. Little need to ask if she were dead. That awful face upon the pillow, those glazed eyes with their wide stare of horror, that gaping wound in the full white throat, from which the life blood had poured in a crimson stream across the white counterpane, until it made a dark pool across the bed, all told their own tale. "She must have been dead for an hour and more," said the policeman, touching the marble hand. La Chicot's hand and arm were flung above her head, as if she had known what WHS coming, and had tried to clutch the bell-pull behind her. The other hand was tightly clenched, as in the last con I vuleion. I " There'll have to bean inquest," said the police ! man, after he had examined the window, and looked out to see if the room was easily accessible from without. " Somebody had better go for a doctor. I'll go myself. There's a surgeon at the I corner of the next street. "Who is she, and how i did it happen ?" Mrs. Evitt, in a torrent of words, told him all she knew, and all she suspected, lt was her hus band that had done it she was sure. " Why ?" asked the policeman. " Who else could it be P"2It couldn't be burglars. You saw yourself that the window was fastened inside. She'd no valuables to tempt anyone. Light come light go wns her motto, poor thing. Her money went as fast ns it cnme, and.if it wasn't lum as did it, why haven't he come back ?" The policeman asked what she meant by tin's, whereupon Deerolles told him of Mr. Chicot's dis appearance. " I must say that it looks fishy," concluded the second-floor lodger. " I don't want to breathe a word against a man I like, but it looks fishy. He went out twenty minutes ago to look for a police man, and he hasn't come back yet." "No, nor never will," said Mrs. Bawber, who was sitting on tho stairs shivering, afraid to go back to her bedroom. That ground floor bedroom of hers was a dismal placo at the best of times, overshadowed by thew wall of the yard, and made dark and damp by a protruding cistern, but bow would it seem to her now when the house was made horrible by mur der P " Do you know what time it wns when tho hus band gave the alarm?" asked the policeman. "Not more than twenty minutes ago." " Any of you got a watch ?" (TO BE CONTINUED.) H. M.S. Cormorant left Levuka for Tavtuni, on April 23, with his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, tho Colonial Secretary, and Ookobau. They have gone to settle the question of the ß"0,0^ Mon to the post rendered vacant by the death of ltoB» Tui Cakau. 