WAITERS. " The air hath bubbles as the water hath, And these are of them."—Macbeth. WHO are they—whence do tbey come, and whither do they go ? What dark, strange places form the roosts of those owls of civilisation, the hired-out waiters of evening parties ? I am not a party-giver. I am not much of a party-goer. I do not feel at home at a ball or supper. I feel awed in the presence of those grim, silently-ministering, stately-moving waiters. To me there is something solemn in the manner in which they perform their duty. An indescribable aura surrounds them, and seems to breathe out in an inaudible, yet unmistakeable whisper, the following information: « We wait upon you, but we are your superiors. We hear your conversation and your jokes, but we do not laugh. We remark your solecisms, but our lips curl not. We only wait upon you. We do not grumble. We are content. It is our fate. Kismet!" I went, some time since, to a ball and supper, given by a gentleman with whom I had but a slight acquaintance. At the door I was received by an eminently respectable old gentleman in a black suit and a white vest. He looked so portly, and bowed so affably, as he held out his hand towards me, that I concluded him to be a near relative of my host, his father or father-in-law at the very least. " And how do you do, sir?" said I, r grasping the proffered hand in the warmest manner. " Delightful weather we're having, to be B U Not a muscle of the portly gentleman's face moved, as he kept his band extended, and said— , _ .... ,, « j will take your 'at if you please. Thud door on the Jet is the gentlemen's room." , . , . . , , He knew perfectly well that I had mistaken him for a friend of the family, yet he did not smile at my error. There was no quiver of contempt calculated to make me feel small; but I felt small nevertheless, for I knew that the portly waiter saw through me, and knew me for the hollow sham that I was. I felt convinced that he would relate the incident to his wife (that is if a waiter can have a wife), and tell her that I "was a gent as was not well hup in the bong ton I went into the "thud room on the lef," and there found that extraordinary little waiter, known among the bons vivants of M bourne as " Lord John." In height, face, and figure he is a living counterpart of the late Earl Russell. I do not know whether he was born dumb, or whether silence is an acquired taste with him, but he never speaks. He bowed as he helped me off with my overcoat, but no sound escaped his lips. His very footstep was noiseless, as he " Folded my coat like the Arabs, And as silently stowed it away." Though he did his duty weU and faithfully, he did it like a piece of clock-work. His mind was evidently far away. Lord John m the body was there attending to my wants and looking after my overcoat, but his spirit had rebelled against the injustice of his metempsychosis, and, doubtless, at that very moment the soul of that silent waiter was hovering above Professor Pearson and listening to the debates in the Houses of Parliament Ihe soul revisited thi scenes of former triumphs, while the casket that had contained it was let out at half-a- sovereign per noctem. Such irony is there the workings of our wayward fates 1 The illustrious features of "Lord John" attracted me, but the icy superiority of his manner repelled the idea of anything like vulgar familiarity. The wild thought of tipping him half-a-crown did enter my head, but only for an instant. A moment's reflection convinced ml that it would be an insult to one of England's greatest bulwarks, her nobilitv. "Lord John" would have resented the affront with a withering glance, compared with which a lingering death were merciful Thi two-and-six clove to my faltering palm, and stole back in a secret abashed manner to my pockets, as I re-enveloped myself in Whatdoes a man like Lord John," I said to myself as I strolled homewards, "do in the daytime?" I could not answer that query then. m I cannot answer it now. have tried to picture that dapper little figure and those striking lineaments sleeping all day, but I cannot bring myself to such a belief. I feel that as he never speaks, so he never sleeps-he has too w de-awake a look about him. I fancy at. times that he is a visionlikePepper's ghost, that fades into invisibility in the day- Ught Traeitis, that the other day, as I came out after dining at Gunsler's, I saw in the shop alittleman bearing an outward resem- Wance to my " Lord John,'' but the daylight figure was not ne wly shaved, and had a dusty hat on, and wore no, ;a white'waistcoat and a claw- hammer coat. Besides he was talking .to Mr. Gunsler about the " arrangement of tables," and " who's agoing to take charge er thehqiiora, and er the cigars ?" The idea of this bemg t h S y form of that unspeakable waiter, whose august presence and faultless attire awed me by gaslight, was preposterous. I could as easily have been persuaded that the Marquis of Nor- manby sold Persian lolly in Bourke-street, as have believed that this little old fellow was "Lord John." No, I cannot make it out. These waiters puzzle me. Clements and Gunsler, I suppose, know all about them, but they will not tell me. I believe they are under a terrible vow never to divulge anything about their waiters, under pain of instant death. Well do those caterers keep their vow, for the question that puzzled me at starting is to me still unsolved. I can but end as I began, vainly asking, " Who are they—whence do they come, and whither do they go 