REVIEW. OLD AND NEW LONDON: A Narrative of its History, its People, and its Places; by Walter Thornbury and Edward Walford. London: Cassell, Petter, & Galpin. The name of Mr. Walter Thornbury is doubtless already well known to most of our readers as that of an able romance writer, and as the author of a picturesque gossiping work called " Haunted London." Few men have entered so much into tbe romance which centresaround the metropolis of the world as Mr. Thornbury, and few know so well as he the historic corners of its vast wilderness of houses and the legends that surround its antique mansions in quiet East-end squares, as well as the stories of the ghosts that haunt the still vaults or weedy burying-grounds ef its old churches. When, therefore, Messrs. Cassell, Petter, and Galpin conceived the idea of producing a history of tbe City of London from its early days to the present the work was almost as a matter of course entrusted to Mr. Thornbury, witb whom was associated Mr. , Edward Walford, the eminent antiquary, I who is a perfect encyclopedia of all things connected with the ancient habits and j j customs of the people of London, ani i knows more about the old righto and ■ J liberties of liverymen and Councillors j ' than do the liverymen or tbe Lord Mayor ; J himself. Tbe book has for the past six I ! years been appearing in monthly parts, and j j six handsome volumes, finely illustrated, j now mark the conclusion of the authors' \ I toils, and are a fitting monument of their : ; industry, and of the great metropolis whose . ! history tbey have recorded. Not content j ( with peru-Jug the best works of those who ■ ! bad preceded them in their task, the j j authors have embodied an immense ; i quantity of new information, the result ! jof their own researches: thus the work ■ i possesses a special and unique value. Ba- ! ginning -with the days when Roman j , warriors paced the pathways of ; 1 Londinium, tbe writers trace the history ; ;of the great city from then until the present j | day. Tbe volumes literally teem with ' I anecdotes connected with the dwellings of j ; great or notorious personages and their . ; owners, and of the ancient churches, i j whose congregations nowadays are to i ibe counted by tens in place of hundreds 'as tbey formerly were. In going through ' I these volumes the Londoner of to-day ! ! dwelling westward of Piccadilly, or north- ■ | eastwardbeyondClerkenwellandllolloway, . i can _____ly realise that not two centuries ■ ; ago tbe spot where his house now stands j • was far in tbe country, away from the dust ' ] ar.d smoke of the city; yet that such is the ' i case, tbe very curious map of Old L_id_n i reproduced by Mr. Walford co__.__.vvh j shows. What South Australian vi .tin*/ ■ i tlie vast city, and going to dine at the ' ! fashionable hostelry of the Star and t.'art.r, ■ 1?t Kichuiond, or visiting a friend at s>. me ' of tiie suburban towns along tbe Tiiame ~ , would believe tbat the frrjwih of tlie i capital of I_._.__hl is almost a_ ;rr._*. ;i '■ marvel, and has been aini-st as r.ipid <>f ! late years as that of Melbourne it_*lf; yet • j such he "will find by a peru. il of ■ . Mr. Thoniburv? pages undoubtedly to ' ' have been the case. The spot where :in the days of our grandfathers stood I'yburn tree by the roadside, far beyoud tbe boundaries of l_ondon, aad where male- : factors were gaily conveyed in a cart from Newgate to expatiate their crimes by an ignominious death, is now covered with elegant and aristocratic mansions;and within a stone's throw of the spot where howling , multitudes have revelled beneath the gal- , lows lives or lived the Prince.- Clotildeand j many another exalted personage. Far • away beyond this stretch the houses of the j city right on without a break, welding < Kensington, Notting Hill, and Hammer- : smith to the great metropolis, places which in our fathers' time were but wild open j country, where benighted travellers could • but first discern in the distance the lights of the far-off city, and had reason to fear ! that ere they reached it they might fall victims to the gentlemen of the road, wbo did much frequent the locality. < Deeply i_> teresting are the tales that ■ the authors have to tell of ancient \ Ixmdon, and of what may be termed j ancestral London. Of the London of King Richard, of Queen Bess, of Shakespeare, j and of jolly old Jack Falstaff; of the London of the Restoration; of the great ; plague and the great fire; of the London I of the wits of Queen Anne's times—of Mr. ■ Alexander Pope and Mr. Addison; and of ' tbe London of the first gentleman of Europe j and of the triumphs of Wellington. j But vast as is already its size, i_>ndon is j still growing year by year, and that at a j rate wbicb throws the progress of colonial cities almost iuto the shade. Tbe annual in crease of late is on an average about 30 i miles of streets, containing over 7,000 j dwellings; and at tbe close of tbeir work I Dr. Walford computed that there were not j less than ._J7,-_X. dwellings in London. If i there be not so much of the halo of romance ' around Ixmdon of to-day, the chapters of Mr. Thornbury's work dealing with the I modern aspect of the city are by no - means the least interesting, for within j the last very few years it has undergone a i complete rehabilitation as it were, and tbe I works that have been achieved are a I wonderful example of modem genius and i perseverance. ISot only have vast new streets been built and old ones altered and widened out of all recollection, but whole districts have been pulled down and "re built; aud where seven years ago stood streets and lanes of tumble-down rookeries, the haunts of vice and crime, now rise vast warehouses and handsome shops over spanned by one of the most handsome viaducts in the world. The lordly dwelling of the Dukes of Northumberland that so long had frowned down upou the Thames is now no more, and on its site are rapidly j rising magnificent mansions. Still more I extraordinary is the vast embankment that ; now takes the place of the mudbanks tbat once lined the Thames, and forms a riparian boulevard which throws the quays iof Pari- into tbe shade. There the old and new meet, and the Cleopatra obelisk stands a commemorative monument of modern engineering skill rather than of tbe monarch in honor of whose exploits it was first reared in distant Egypt. Nor are the improvements of recent years in England's metropolis material only. L .udon, at one time the ugliest and most inartistic capital in the world, is now becoming one of the most beautiful. City churchyards, that were but three or f cur years since a wilder ness of broken defaced monuments lying among the rank grass, are now smiling flower gardens, where the plash of foun tains mingles with the laughter of children. Leicester-square has become a thing of beauty; the old parks and other enclosures have been rendered more attractive, and new gardens have been formed; while the once tasteless domain of Kensington now vies with that of the Tuilleries. As yet of course there is much to do in the way of tree - planting and flower cultivation before London can equal either Paris or Brussels; but tbe Metropolitan Board of Works are laboring energetically, and the day is coming when the J_._h.TftT-- ?f _.omjt>n wjU be things of ' which an _-n£rl-___«? can boast. A great improvement also is shown in the taste of the design of the public monuments erected of late years, albeit the Albert Memorial is somewhat too ornate for beauty. Even the Bromptoa boilers are being replaced by splendid structures of brick and terra cotta; and who knows, when so much has been achieved in so short a time, what the next ten years will bring? For particulars and details of London, past and present, our readers must refer to Mr. Thornbury _ and Mr. Walford's beautiful volumes, which are worthy of the great metropolis, the history of which is recorded in their pages. 