BITTER SWEETS, A LOVE STOEY. BY JOSEPH HATTON. CHAPTER XXXVIL THE BAD HAN'S VTII/I.. It was a large piece of paper, and inside it there were notes to the value of £100. On the paper was written : — ' If I don't take .£100 out of this before I die it will be because I can do without it. If I possess anything else at my decease it will not be in houses and land — if it is I shall make a codicil, and specify the eame. I've lived what is called a fast life, and mean to do 60 'till the last — ' it was my father's custom, and 80 it shall be mine' — and my personality, it is likely, will all be found in the house which has me nonour ot receiving my last oreatji. ' Some years ago, no matter how long since — be- fore tho wreck of 1'aul Massey's .yacht off Helswiek, which, was rather a strange coincidence, occurring where it did, and might bo eet down as apunish ment by wtjik fools — there was a woman I loved. When she died I made her aproiniise, which I hero, by, to Rorau esteut, fulfil. She liad a child which she Kent to be brought up by an old woman with whom she \ras acquainted at Helswick. That child was colled after her mother — Bessie Martin, and when I was at Helswiek I learnt that die wrw well and comfortable — the old woman kept a school there, and if she is living now she will re member that one morning she received five sovereigns in a packet anonymously — I had ex pectations then of recruiting my Traning future, and those ej.i-ectations, so far, have not been dis appointed. 'To this Bessie Martin I hereby bequeath the enclosed ilOO, and all that 1 die possessed of, whether in money, shares, notes, jewellery, bills of excliange, furniture, plate, land, messuages, tenements, or anything and everything whatso ever, — to this said Eessio Martin, now or lute of Helswiek, in the county of Denby, for her sole use and benefit,; and I hereby appoint James Mentz und William Howard, Esquires, bankers, of Tyne borougli, in the county of Nortliam, my sole executors to sac tliat tliis, my last will and testa ment, is carried out. ' If this is not worded in exact legal phraseology, it sufficiently, and I am advised by a barrister friend of mine, legally explains my intentions, whjch are that Bessie Martin shall have every thing I possess, and that my old friends, the Messrs. Mentz and Howard, the bankers aforesaid, shall find her out, and see that she lias everything, after they have paid for putting mo in the ground, and all proper testamentary charges ; und all I hope is, that the little beggar (I mean Bessie Martin aforesaid) will have more to recsive than I expect, and that some thief of a husband may no't marry her for the sake of her fortune.' The will was duly signed and witnessed ; and «?« nnlino took chareo of the dead man's posses sions— .£2000 in notes, drafts, and gold; a quantity of jewellery, sundry articles of clothing, numerous tobacco pipes, cigar boxes (full and empty), and a quantity of other miscellaneous articles. An inquest was held on the boby ; the northern bankers came to town; and indue course Bessie Martin entered into possession of the moneys and goods of her dissolute father. The steady old Tynoborough bankers wiped their hands of the whole affair as spoodily as pos sible, yon ma,y be sure. They went back to the North, talking nearly all the way home of tlie dreadful wickedness of Lon don. ' And yet they call this London the centre of British greatness,' said Mr. Howard. ' If genius doesn't wish to hide her light under a bushel, she must carry it to the metropolis. That's wliat they say in books and newspapers.' ' It's a great mistake, William, .a great mistake,' said Mr. Monte, ' and tho sooner thou makes thy son Luke understand tliat it is a mistake, tho better for hiin and thee.' ' I do talk to him frequently ; I do tell linn, and I liave endeavoured to prevent him doing our business in town, but tho boy likes it, and he's a good follow.' ' So he is,' said Mr. Mentz, ' and he's too lazy to go far wrong ; but London is not a plaoe for Luke to see much of; humbug and puffery, and debauchery, and extravagance are everywhere in 'London.' ? So they are, Mente, so they are ; I'm glad we are outof it.' ; And they talked about then- fine arts, their buildings, and their pictures, ' William : host thou seen anything in all London to come up to the warehouses at Tyneborough ; or the lighthouses off the bar?' ?Certainly not,' said Mr. Howard ; for he liked to humour Mentz : he did not go so far as that in his contrast of Tyueborough with the metropolis ; but he heartily hated and despised the big cockney-town. ' Then then- preachers. Did'st thou ever hear such stuff as yon fellow in St. Paul's preached on Sunday?' ' It certainly was not equal to parson Hughes, in our old church.' 'Parson Hughes! why, it was far behind Thumper, who preaches in Zebideo Groinger's chapel. There's no power in the London preach ing, no oratory, no force. Let them turn to the 3ermons of some of the old divines; and see liow they thundered away at vice and immorality ; let them see how the old preachers denounced ox ti-avagaut dresses.' ?True, Mentz, true, the fathers hit fashion hard. Strange tliat those very shrewd, clever bankers, who were up to so much, had not seen through Mr. Zebidee Gmingor! They would not assist that miserable Bessie Martin, oven in the way o£ in vesting her money. Mr. Mentz wiped his hands of her twenty times in almost as many minutes. But they had lifted up Mr. Grainger— advanced him .£5000 when ho was not worth a penny. Per )iaps they were shrewd in this ; for the man had risen rapidly, and had inade his mark in Tync borough, which was no small achievement, con sidering the TynelwTOugli competition. If the northern bankers hod been as sharp as Mr. Z. Grainger, they might have seen their friend in London. Their friend saw them — saw them being jostled and elbowed in the city — saw them, and pulled his slouching hat further over his long haired wig; for he liad always a luxuriant crop of Iiair when he visited London.' He was the wolf then, you know; he had room enough in London to be the real animal ; he could throw off his sheep's clothing, :md worry the lambs, and crunch their bones, lind lick his greasy imout to his own Balis faction. Fancy this hypocrite the father of Laura Grainger ! He had been in London two days when tho bankers arrived, and he liad scented them out the second day, and had watched them under the shelter of on archway— had watched them and laughed, or rather growled, we should say, in his sleeve. ' There they go, the two sheep, who think I am ono of them; there they go, the con ceited old idiots ; there they go.' And then he ?went to his favourite back-slum Ifouse, and drank whisky until his eyes were on fire. Happy ignorance ! The two northern bankers still chattered as the txuin went spinning away along its iron bars. After finishing off London, and utterly blotting her out of tho map, they talked of Bessie Martin, and counted up all the families they had known in which wickedness and misery seemed hereditary. And here they had both many pertinent illustration to giva of Mr. Meiitz'a theory, that once there was bad in a family, bad there would always be._ There certainly aro families of this kind amongst tho highest and the lowest. It seems as if the bad seed sown at the beginning must grow, and bear its poisoned fruit to tho last. 'Once there is bad in a family,' repeated ole Kentz, ' there is no knowing when it's worked out'- They were always a bad lot, the Barneses ; and Tv Inford's left one behind him to perpetuate the family failing under another name.' And yet^ she might have been good, that poor girl who was so .kind to her supposed grandmother at Helswick. 'It will do her no good, Baid one old Tyne horough to tlie other. ' I never knew money do any good to such like— it mostly makes 'cm worse when money conieB into bad hands.' CHAPTEK XXXVm. 'MUEDEE WILL OUT.' PaulMiissey had boen seriously ill ever since his return from Tyneborough. ' He walked about as usual, it is true; but he was weak and weary. London doctors and Maryport doctors had seen him. and uraBcribed for hun ; but it was as the Sunimerdale practitioner had said, ? nothing would do Mr. ilosBdy any good ;' his system was giving way under a complication of those disorders which years of exoesaive mental anxiety will engender in the strongest constitution. Remorse had done its worst. Paul could no longer bear the weight of conscious guilt. The loes of physical strength had brought on a morbid sensitiveness, which betrayed itself so frequently, that Mrs. Maasey had long since be come convinced that Paul's illness was ministered to by some hidden sorrow. In years past she had often, rallied him upon concealing souiethinj* from her; but since their removal from Denby Kise she had, as will already have been observed, become more serious in the expression of her fears that Paul had a secret. Is it Borne monetary difficulty that troubles you, Paul P* said the uatient lovintr wife, as they sat together on a memorable afternoon in the familiar library of Oak House. _' No, love.' said Paul, pressing bis handover his heart, as he had been wont to do for some time, to arrest a sharp paw of which he hod often com plained during the f etr previous months. ? You are very ill this afternoon, my dear,' went on Mrs. Massey, ' taking hifi hand ; while- Kiite, who was pitting on an ottoman at liis foet, pressed her head affectionately upon his knee. ' I am not bo well to-day as I have been for weeks,' said Mr. Massey despondingly. ' My deor Paul,' nmraured his wife, ' there is something besides physical pain which is hurting you.' ' Kate, my love,' eaid Paul, ' bike a walk in tlie garden whilst your mother and I have a little talk.' Kate rose immediately, but not without looking surprised, seeing that it had never been deemed necessary to exclude her from tho conversation of Oak House. 'What is it, Paul? Have you been more un fortunate in money affaire than you wish mo to think ? Don't fear to tell me. I shall begin to doubt your love if you havo troublesome secrets to keep from me,' said Mrs. Massey, when Kate had sliaken her curls ovor her shoulders, und wan dered into the garden with a book in her hand. ' I am very ill, Anna,' said Paul ; and the tono in wliich he made the confession sounded dircfully ominous. ' Lot mo send for the doctor,' said Mrs. Hassey, hurriedly, with her hand on the bell. ' No, no, no,' said Paul, ' it is no good ; we will see by and by.' Mrs. Massey looked into his face with alarm ; Bho would have pitied him could she have looked into his secret soul, and seen the deadly struggle tliat was going on there. 'When was the first tinio, Anna,' said Paul, with a great effort to bo particularly calni, ? you thought I had a secret from you ?' ? 1 cannot tell, my lovo,' said Anna. ' I never thought seriously about it until lately.' 'And you have thought seriously about it lately?' ?I have; but only for your sake, Paul. Tou would despise me, and rightly, if you thought I had any weak curiosity which I desire to gratify. But I love you too much not to wish to shax-e your sorrows as well as yourhappinos. 'Do you reniemlrcr, Anna, the attack of illness I had at Denby P' ' I do,' said Mrs. Mossey, aorrowfuUy, * my poor Paul !' ' I said Btronge things during the fever ?* 'You were very ill, Paul; frequently light headed.' ' Do you remember anything I said t ' ' I remember ons thing.' ' What was it ?'. said Paul, a light flush tinging his pale cheeks. ? You said you loved me with all your heart and soul.' Paul Girdled faintly, and sadly, and pressed the hand that lay in his. 'Do you remember my talking to you strangely, when I was getting bettor? Do you remember my asking, suppose I turn out to be a bad, wicked man ?' ' It is little that you have said to me, Paul, which I forget.' ? Then I will tell you a painful, a dreadful story, Anna, summon nil your fortitude to hear it ; you will require all your oourage to eit it out.' ? Paul was oo pale, and so calm, and his voice was so hollow, that Anna's heart beat fear fully. ' It has been in my mind to tell you years ago, Anna; but I lovod you bo much, so dearly, that I could not cause you a moment's pain. I do not love you the less now ; but something tells me I must respond to your desire to share with mo a sorrow which has long afflicted mo.' ' Dear Paul !' said Anna, almost as pale as him self. ' I have prayed night after night for guidance ; and it seems to hare bomo in upon me now at the last, that I should do what I hiwo been on the point of doing many times.' Paul pressed hie hand upon bis heart'and looked at his wife with such a keon expression of Badness, tliat'tho tears came into her eyes, and she bowed her head over his hand. ?There was onoo a youth, Anna, who lovod, tenderly and patiently; his name waa Harry ThomhiU.' Anna started, and looked up, wondering and amazed; but Paul felt as though nothing in tho world could 6top his story ; it seemed to flow from him of its own accord, like that of tho Ancient Mariner. ' His name was Harry ThomhiU ; ho was as good and true-hearted a fellow as ever breathed. He had a friend who on his way to call for Hairy at the home of the woman he loved was wrecked, and but for Harry's brave intervention would have been drowned. This friend was Paul Massey, who no sooner saw tho lady than ho lovod her too. He had seen hundreds of beautiful women before, but none so fair as Anna. Lee. Nay, hold up thy head, Anna — I am no flatterer. I did not know that sho was affianced to Harry thornhill.' 1 She was not,' said Anna, gently. ' But I loved her with a man's stronges, purest love.' ' Bless you, my dear Paul,' said Anna. Though these tendor ejaculations cut Paul to the quick, still he went on with his story. 'And then I learnt that she returned it, the world did not hold a nian so happy as Paul Massey. When ho found tliat Hairy Thornhill loved her too, a pong of sorrow for his friend was the alloy to Paul Massey's happiness. There is ho complete bliss in this world. * Time flew on, and Anna and Paul were to be married; and Harry Thornhill was to go abroad with his sorrow. A day was fixed for him to take his farewell of Denby Bise, and the visit had Anna's sanction. I had another friend there — one Wiiiford Barns,' Anna instinctively shuddered at this man's name. ? This Barns was a shrewd man of tho world, — he saw danger in this visit of Harry to Denby Bise — danger to the hopes of Paul Massey — tlie soft womanly heart would relent at Harry's misery, would soften at tho parting, and pity would beget love. Paul Massey was a hot-hearted fool, who loved so passionately, so madly, that he would have been jealous of the wind fricring the fair cheek tliat was his.' Paul paused to gather strength for the re mainder of his story. He pressed his hand nervously upon his heart, and breathed with difficulty. ? The day of parting came. Winford. Barns, like a sneaking wretch, watched Harry Thomhill and Anna Lee ; when, they were alone ho saw tho dis appointed lover press a ring upon tho lady's finger; he heard the Iftdy murmur some tender worde ; ho heard Harry Thomhill say,,' I knew you would, Anna ; I knew you would.' Anna trembled with excitement. ' What did the lady mean ? What was it that Anna knew she would do ? Whose was that ring?' 'My own ring,' 6flid Anna, interrupting the story, excitedly, * my own, Paul. He liad taken it from me months before, in more playfulness, and in the presence of my uncle. He returned it when he bade mo good-bye, and asked me to wear it for his sake, as if he were niy brother, my only brother. I said I would, Paul ; 1 said I would,' and Mrs. Massey burst into a flood of tears. ? Look up, love, look up; I will tejl you tho re mainder of the story at ?oine other time.' Paul's resolve was breaking down. In presence of tli03e tears ho felt that it would be better that his secret should die with him. ' But an inward monitor seemed to say ' it cannot be;' and he was pressed on to tell hor all, all that terrible story of love and jealousy, withitsghostwhichhad haunted, him day and night. It was a selfish thing to do, to make Anna's life as miscrablo as his own. He know it was selfish ; this tortured liun even whilst his tongue poured the deadly poison into her cor; but the secret would out— it seoniod as if it leaked out of bis very weakness. ' Paul Messey has never been jealous since. But on that day the fiend possessed him. He questioned his friend on board the, yacht ; he asked him to explain the meaning of the ring — the meaning of those words ' I knew you would.' Harry Thorn hill was indignant at the meanness of his friend; Harry's proud soul and his pure lovo for Anna Lee could not brook the vulgar jealousy of the man who hod won her heart. Winford Barns, Kke the arch-tempter himself, stood by to spur Paul's, valiant meanness on. High words followed, angry threats were exchanged. Here Paul rose from his seat, bis face was hot, und he clasped his hands together as if in suppli oation ; wliilst his wife hung fearfully upon every burning word he uttered. ? Blows followed — great Sod, forgive me ! — No matter that, Harry struck the first. My hand was upon him — it was the hand of Cain — he fell over bna,rd, and was drowned — Paul Massey murdered his friend.' The unsuspecting wife uttered a piercing shriek, and fell stricken almost to death, at this terrible confession. Kate heard the cry from the garden, and came hurrying into tha room with the servants. They found Mr. Mafisey raising his wife from tho ground. He trembled bo much that his poor stricken burden shook as he endeavoured to raise it. He was ae pale as a ghost, and his eyes wandered about the room as if he had suddenly gone mad. Kate hurried to hor mother, and the servants brought water. Explanations were neither askod for nor given. * They bathed her temples, and they put brandy between her lips; and by-and-by the closed eyes opened. Paul looked on, and said nothing ; but his death like gaze alarmed all who saw it. ' I shall be better presently,* said Mrs. Maesey faintly, and they raised her up. ? Take me to my room.' They led her out, and Paul followed thorn with his eyes, until all seemed dark and indistinct, and be staggered to a sMit just as the doctor, who had been summoned by a thoughtful domestic, entered the room. * # * * * ? During the progress of this Bad scene, Laura Grainger, in her pretty little room at Barnard, was writing a long letter to her dearest Kate, tell ing her how happy she hod bsen in her soiiety ; how thankful she was they liad met; how sue should watch over and treasure the friendship they had formod. L. had been very kind to her after Kate left, trying to make up for Laura's sad ness at the parting. Oh, if he waB always con siderate, as tender an he hod been the day after Kate left ! They had talked a great deal about Mr. Grey, and they all liked him, and sho^incerely hoped that he would be successful in his wooing. The day before she (Laura) had left Pentworth, Mr. AYelton, the Hamburg merchant, whom Kate would remember, had called. He was in raptures about Mr. G., but in greater raptures about Miss Massey. L. had said Kate was a nice little girl, bet rather pert : there ! what did Kate think of that? Bather pert: that was because her dear Kate did not like him, after she knew how her Laura loved hun — her silly Laura. Then Kate's friend, according to promise, enclosed her one of her poems, and told her how she had found things at Barnard on hor return : and told her, more over, that she waa afraid that she began to weary of Barnard, and many other things which it is not nocessary that anybody but Kate should see. Was it surprising that whon this letter arrived the next evening, that it should lie un opened? CHAPTER XXXIX. A1TEE PAUL HABBBT*S CONFESSION. The mysterious trouble which hud fallen upon Oak House was Kate Massey's first taste of real bitters. Her mother would explain nothing ; her father was too' ill to be questioned. A deep Bottled mystery had come upon her home, which made it almost unbearable. The doctor who had been sent for to see Mrs. Massey was not required by tiiat lady; she rallied, and said she was quite well again, as soon as she reached her own room after that painful scene which had taken place between her husband and herself. Mr. Massey's condition required every care. Dr. Fitz snid that had he arrived a moment later, his aid would have been usoIosb. Mrs. Massey received the doctor's report with a calmness which was very puzzling to the Summer dale practitioner. ? There ia something wrong,' he said to himself inoro than onoe; ' something wrong ; that woman has altogether changed.' A week had elapsed, and ehc had only onoo visited her husband — that dear Paul whom bUo had lovod bo fondly, eo devotedly. When she did go to his bedside she inquired after his health in a constrained manner, that was not indifference, and yet could hardly be called affection. Paul answered her in a low voice, and turned his eyes from her. Kate did not take hor bitten kindly at all. Whoever did take their first doso kindly P Kate shrugged her shoulders at them, frowned at them, dreamt of them, and was wretched, Sho wondered, from her father's room to her mother's side, and back again, with appealing, sorrowful looks. ' I am so miserable, mn,nmia.' she said at length, ' so unhappy.' ' My poor cliild,' Eaid Mrs. Maesey, putting her arms about hor. ' I cannot bear it any longer,' Kate went on Bobbing, *I will not bear it; I would tatiier die.' ? Katy, Katy, my dear ; what is tho meaning of tins?' ? I know I am only young, mamma, young in years ; but I am old in love for you and father ; old in your confidence, too. Why is there this mystery?' 'You should not seek to know what your parents' do not desiro you to know,' eaid Mrs. Massey, with more severity of manner than she had ever before shown towards her daughter.' ' And inBiimna, dear, is it right that your child should be breaking her heart beaause you will not let her comfort you? is it right, mamma, that I, who have lived all my little life in the full enjoy ment of your dear love, should now be shut out from your heart !* Kate sobbed convulsively. You sec she was a spirited girl, and she had had so many sweets that this first taste of bitters was intolerable to her. She rebelled against it. She spurned Dr. Fate's medicine; site would not have it; she throw it from her; she fitwnpoJ her little feet upon it. But Dr. Fate held the medicine to her lips, and sho was obliged to take some of it, as everybody is. After the first dose people become used to the noxiouB draught, and often live long enough to toss it off quite courageously. ' Have patience, my Kat^fhave patience,' said Mrs. Massey, bending over her. ? I cannot, mamma; I have lost all iny patience, I feel as if I shall go mod.' ?What shall I do f' ? Do, mamma? Tell nie what this trouble is; take me into your confidence again. You havo brought me up to lovo yon, to be interested in all your thoughts, to share all your pleasures, to soothe you when you are sad ; end now that I am old enough to feel all this, you put me from you, send me away, shut me from you; just when I would be with you, and creep into your heart.' 'Patience, patience,' was all Mrs. Massey oould say; 'I must havo tinio to think.' Poor Mrs. Massey, she had liad plenty of time to think about Paul's confession. She had scarcely slept a wink since he made it. ' Thank heaven,' 6ho said, ' Uncle Mountford has not lived to see this day.' Was this a part of her punishment for trifling with the love of a noble heart P Was this the con clusion of that even-handed justioo which had be-' (run. when death took from her side that dear pro tector whoso wishes she hod thwarted? Would sho ever reoover her punishment f She thought not. Sho would -rather not, but for Kate's sake. 'Why should flhe care to live nowF 6be asked herself. ' She could never love Paul Mossey again. Never !' And yet she could not tear his image from her heart. She could not blot out the memories of those happy, happy hours wliich she had spent in .bis society. She coukj qot forget his many proofs., of devoted love; she could not forget how hand some he was, how noble he looked that day when she consented to be his, wholly. Then she thought of his sufferings all these years, of his mental agony, wrought up to that maddening pitch when the secret would come forth, when the troubled conscience could bear its load of guilt no longer. ' But she oould love him no more,' she thought again, and then she shuddered at Harry Thorn hill's fate, and remembered his hist interview with her. ' Waninia, dear,* said Kate Massey, when a few more days had fled, and Dr. Fate had compelled her to take his big dose of bitters without further questioning; ' why will you not come to father?1 ? x nave my own proper reasons tor not doing so, my child ; I have told you bo before.' ?You have, mamma, and I promised to wait until you thought it fitting I should know them. I will wait, nimnw; you shall not say I am un duiiful again ; but poor father iB continually ask ing for you. There arc often tears in his eyes now, and it nearly breaks mj» heart.' Mrs. MoBBey remained silent ; but in her heart of hearts ehe pitied her husband. 'Mamma, I am sure he is very ill now; Dr. Fita says ho ie. And oh, mamma, don't you think it is cruel of you npt to come and boo him ?' 'Kate, I thought I had a promise from yon?' Mrs. Massey replied. ' Yes, mamma ; but supposing father should dio ? And, mamma, though I may promise not to question you, I cannot prevent myself from thinking/ ' ' And what do you think f the mother asked. ? I think what I should' once have scorned my self for thinking, that you ore unkind, tiatyou have forgotten to practise all tliat love and charity which you have taught mo to practise. Do not be angry — I cannot help it — I am so very, very un happy.' Mrs. Massey thought there was justice in her child's rebuke, and she laid her hood upon Kate's shoulder, and gave way to a passionate flood of tcare. Kate put her arms round her mother's neck, and kissed her, and begged for forgiveness. ' Do you forgive mo, mamma ?' she said, byand by. ? Yes, my child, yes,' aaid Mrs. Massey. ? Then forgive father top, whatever he may have done, do, do forgive him.' Mrs. Massey kissed Kate's forehead. ? Come, mamma^— come, let us go to hun now,' she Bttid, after awhile. Mrs. Massey suffered herself to be led away, and she sat beside her husband, and took his hand in hers, and Katy slipped away and 'left them. ' ' Say it is not true, Paul,' said Mrs. Massoy whon the door was closed ; ' say it is false, say it was an accident, anything, but wliat you have said.' Paul only faintly pressed her hand. ' I have loved you, Paul, bo much, eo dearly, how can I love you now ?' 4 1 cannot hope that you will,' said Paul in a whisper ; ? I cannot hojie ; but boar with me, Anna, for a little while.' 'Oh, my poor husband,' said Anna, the hist appearance of calmness breaking down, and tho tears falling fast, 'my poor husband.' ' I could cover my guilt no longer, it would be told. I hod always feared that another tongue would toll the story, but it was decreed that mine should be blistered with it, and tliat you should hear it.' Paul said with difficulty, pausing for breath almost at every word. ?Our cliild, Paul,' said Anna. ? Spare her, spare her,' waa Paul's reply ; ' let her never know of her father's dishonour. Dear, door Koto !' The child became reconciled to her mother again, when Anna continued, not only to visit her father, but to wuit upon Mm, and soothe his pain. ' He is my husband, whatever he has done,' Anna thought at last; 'and ho is sick unto death.' Weeks, months passed away, and Mr. Massey waa still confined to his room. Sometimes &o; was strong enough to be dressed, and moved into a chair; but the London doctor, and Dr. Fitz, had long since prepared Mrs. Massey for the worst. Frank Grey, hearing through persistent inquiry that Mr. Maasey was so unwell, had ventured upon making a journey to Suiumerdale, and had called at Oak House ; but only for an hour. He stammered out something about having business n few miloB distance, which was perfectly true, and that he felt he must take the liberty of calling. Mrs. MasBcy received him politely, but Frank felt that her manner was cold ; he only saw Kate for a few minutes, nnd he was grieved that she looked so sad and ill. Never had the spring fiowors appeared so hope less to Mrs. Massey. The snowdrops, drooping abova the brown turf in the garden, in company with yellow crocuses and daffodils, hod no charm for her now. She had brought herself, by degrees, to talk with Paul about other subjects than the one which had such terrible possession of her. She had become his careful, tender nuree ; and Kate had recovered back some of her old cheerfulness. She could see how necessary it was thai there should be smiles and encouraging words in a sick room, and she could also see that they must come from her. Poor girl! It was hard for her to bear, after her years of unalloyed happines — this dread ful, mysterious change. 