TOWN TALK Communication was restored yesterday on the Port Darwin line. ^ The Adelaide telegraph was temporarily interrupted at two o'clock this morning. Renter reports that later advices from the Cape are to the effect that Colonel Pearson' has established his column, consisting of 1600"British and" 1000 native troops, at' Ekowe, in the Cis Val district, and that no' hostile Zulus have yet invaded the province of Natal. The Imperial Government are in' consultation on the subject of the disaster with Lord Napier, of Magdala; who has been summoned to London from Gibraltar for that purpose. A Sydney telogram 'in another column states that news has been received there of a terrible colliery explosion having. occurred in New Zealand, by which fifty miners bad been suffocated. Ten bodies had been re covered, and the others were still in the pit, the foul air driving hack and almost suffo cating the relief parties. , Edward Purdue, the defaulting librarian of the Free Public Library, pleaded gnilty yesterday at the Assize Court to certain presentments accusing him of;, embezzling the Library's funds, and also to an- indict ment lor forgery. He will he sentenced to~ 'day. The following prisoners will.be tried for the offences named at the Assize Court to be held to-day, at nine o'clock, at the Supreme Court Buildings, before His Honor Sir Red mond Barry :—John Lee, stealing from a dwelling- honse; John Moylan, rape; Charles Newman, attempting to mnrder-by adminis tering poison. A somewhat nnnsnal verdict was given yesterday at the Assize Court-by the jury impanelled in the Teesdale horse-stealing cases. They returned,' through their fore man, a verdict of guilty against one of the prisoners, and in reply to the nsnal question they said their verdict was that there-was not sufficient. evidence to convict the other prisoner. They were informed by the pre siding justice (Sir Redmond Barry) that this verdict could not be reoeived; it was equa to the.Scottish verdict of "not proven," but it was not an English verdict; they woulil have to find the prisoner guilty or not guilty. After retiring for some time, the jury returned a verdict of not guilty. : We Iearu that the country iu the vicinity of Meredith, and along the route of the rail way line, took fire yesterday, owing to the sparks which fell from the engine of a traiu proceeding from Geelong to Ballarat, in the afternoon. The fire tiught the grass in the racecourse paddock, occupied by Mr John Murphy, and burnt 20 acres, aud it spread to •Mr John Mathieson's property,, where a largo number of acres of: grass were con sumed, together with some fencing. A small area: of grass land belonging to Mr James Boxall was swept over by the flames, and Mr Thomas Cleary had 25 acres of grass and several posts and rails burnt on a por tion of land, being part of the railway re serve recently leased to him by the Govern ment. Several portions of the fencing on Mr Lee's land were destroyed by the fire. The wind yesterday and the day before was very strong, and it is suggested by owners of pro perty along the line of railway that the loco motives should he fitted with spark- catchers. The dead trees caught fire and increased the danger of the fire spreadiug, but the trees could not be cut down, or the dead timber removed from leased land without written permission from the Government official. The.two young men, O'Brien and Samp sou, who were supposed to have acted as amateur bushrangers —- representing them selves to be the Kellys—near Camperdown in December last, and to have stuck up two station hands named Taylor and M'Donald, and robbed them of about 16s, were dis charged from custody at the Assize Court yesterday, the jury having returned a verdict of not guilty. About seven o'clock yesterday morning, whilst the men working at the Barwou Bridge were boiling .tar, the fence forming the eastern wing leading to the bridge caught fire. Owing to tlio strong westerly wind which was. blowing, the flames spread ra pidly, but before much damage had been doue, they were extinguished. The police have not as yet been able to trace out the; offender who attempted tp overthrow the engine aud trucks running on the railway line to Queenscliffe on Tues day morning. Enquiries have been made in certain suspected quarters without any satisfactory result, but still hopes are enter tained of the perpetrator of the outrage being brought to book for the offence. It was a well-planned attempt, for the iron chairs used were spiked down to the rails and"placed on a curve in the line at Ken; sington Hill, so that the obstructions could not be seen in time to stop a train. For tunately, however, otic of 'he railway con tractors' men saw the chairs on the line be fore the morning train .came'along, and re moved them, and thus prevented an acci dent. Early on Thursday morning, the silver watch stolen last Sunday from the residence j of Mr John Middleton, Albert- street, Ashhy, was found rolled up in an old handkerchief, in the small garden plot in front of Middle ton's house. The watch contained certain private marks which made it easy of identi fication, and this circumstance, it is pre sumed, had the effect of making the thief anxious to get rid of it. A man named George Mitchell, aged 26 years,. attended at the Hospital yesterday and bad his right hand, which had received two severe cuts, dressed.- Mitchell, by some accident,. fell whilst in his own house, and his hand went through a pane of glass in the dwelling. • , The danger of allowing ferocious dogs to wander loose about the streets at night , ought to be enforced upon the attention of | their owners in a way that would prevent future carelessness of a similar kind. On Friday morning abont three o'clock, we learn, 'a gentleman residing in the eastern part of the town was returning home from an evening party, when he was pounced upon by a large mastiff that was prowling along the street. The brute made its at tack without uttering a growl, but fortu nately the gentleman did not lose his pre sence of mind. He threw up his arm and met the dog with it, aud then dealt the brute a quick .backward stroke with his cane, knocking it on to its feet again. As it showed a disposition to again attack him, the gentleman did not move, and the raised stick had the effect of making the brute [ slink away. '.We understand that the yonng man, George M'Cullagh, who was arrested at < Queenscliffe a few nights since, will have to answer a couple of'charges in this dis trict of having obtained money under false representations. • i If there is one thing that will give general satisfaction to the public, it will be the checking of the use of had language in the streets by boys and young , men, who idle about under the verandahs, especially in the evenings. A boy named Thomas Fitzpatrick had to pay 7s 6d at the Police Court, yester day, owing to the foulness of his mouth and toDgue, and there is a probability of others being,put to the same awkward expense. Constable Hicks ha3 been doing a little plain clothe3'dnty lately, and if he can put the larrikin nuisance.down to a moderate degree, he will earn good opinions, aud his action in getting Fitzpatrick and yonng Adams fined-within a week, for their bad language, is to be commended. The magistrates, it may be stated, are desirous of assisting the | police to make the public streets fit for pe destrians at eventide. A fierce westerly gale blew from five o'clock yesterday morning until one. o'clock in' the afternoon. The heads of several of the street lamps were blown off, and the glass smashed. At different places-'in the town and suburbs fences were levelled and frnit trees denuded of their fruit. At times the streets were hidden from view by the clouds-of dust, swept along at a terrific pace. A-few. drops of rain fell ; at one o'clock, and heavy, dull-looking clouds | threatened rain, but they drifted away to the eastward without discharging any. *■ It's oDly too truo, your worships," w-ere the words of Isaac Todd, a resident" of the country, wheil asked • at the Police Court, yesterday," if he had anything to say against the assertion made by his wife that he had bruised- her' with a pot stick, ana that on two occasions his cruel conduct had caused i her premature confinements. Isaac admitted I that he'got intoxicated, and often amused, himself by beating his wife. According to i the poor woman's statement, Isaac has bad I this gratifying amusement all his own way for a period of sixteen years, and the poor cowed female sought protection from her ad ministrator of chastisement at the bands of :the magistrates at the Court-house, yester day; A lifelike that endured for the time mentioned, must have been exceptionally burdensome te a delicate woman, whose lord and master, without feeling ashamed or sorry for his conduct, admitted, with half a smile I on his face, that the woman's story was | " only too true." Todd was ordered to keep the peace lor twelve months, and to find two sureties of £50 each. Two children named Keating strayed on Monday night from their parents' residence at Spring Hill, near Skipton,: and were not found until Wednesday morning, when they were, of course, in an almost exhausted con dition. * For smoking a pipe on the platform of the Spencer-street Bailway' Station, contrary to the departmental regulations, and for speak ing harshly to a porter" who remonstrated with him, a man named Joseph O'Neill was fined 5s on Thursday, at the metropolitan District Court. The Baliarat Mining Exchange (says the Star), after a life of some tea years, expirep on Thursday, pwicefnlly and without any visible pangs. Mr Letcher, as its Secretary, has been associated with it for most, if not all, the term of its existence, and lie and half a dozen or bo of its old members have joined the Baliarat Stock Exchange. . The children attending the Mission SchiTol, Yarra-street, .were taken for their annual .excursion 011 Thursday to Bream Creek. The conveyances, consisting of Air Bannister's well-known' "Spirit of the Age," and an-' other vehicle, were crowded with nearly a hundred eager liappy faces, to whom a picnic is a rare occurrence,' and certainly a. far greater luxury than to those whose outward circumstances are in a moce prosperous con dition. Arrived at their destination, and having been' regaled, with refreshments and fruit, the yonng people quickly distributed themselves among the rocks and along the sandy beach, and with sports and games found no difficulty in amusing themselves to their hearts', content. Mrs Hitchcock and the teachers, with other lady friends, had charge of the party, and did all they con Id to make everyone happy. The weather wa3 boisterous, and the sand at times trouble I some, but notwithstanding this everything went off well, town being reached shortly be fore dark, and all being greatly delighted with the excursion. It will be remembered that the hon. G. If. Belcher a few days ago very kindly collected a .sufficient sum to, cover the cost of.the treat so far as the Mission School children were concerned." The expense of providing for those Who attend the Sab bath School only will be met in some other way. • On Thursday morning Mrs Winifred Franklin, forty-font- yearn of ago, whilst crossing Elizabeth-street near Little Bourkq street, Melbourne, was knocked down by a milk-cart, and sustained concussion of the brain. The cart alluded to was driven by a lad in the employ of a dairyman named Suell, living at Balleen. . . . . On Thursday afternoon a fire, caused by a | spark from a passing locomotive on the Brighton railway, consumed a part of the j fencing and damaged some fruit trees in : an orchard belonging to Mr Kinuane, and bordering on the H.B.R. line and Occu p ition-road, and within halt a mile of the Beach station ; £100 worth of damage was done to fruit trees and fencing. By request of the Governor and Lady Bowen, the song written by Mr Marcus Clarke, and composed by Mr Alfred Plump-, ton, was sang on Thursday at Government | House, in the presence of a select party. A copy of the words and music was presented to Lady Bowen. Only two copies of the music have been made, and the other copy has been presented to Mr IV. J. Clarke. Robert Gray, the third officer of the Loch ■Rannocb, lying at the Williamstown railway pier, mot with a severe accident on Thurs day by a block falling from aloft on his head and shoulder, and thereby inflicting a frightful wound. - MrCavill, the English swimmer, will give an exhibition of his powers in the water to- , day. Arrangements have been made for I him to start in the Yarra from Johnston street bridge at 1Q, o'clock this morning, and he expects to do the distance to Priuce's bridge, which is between 15 and 17 miles, in about uine hours- ' - The body of a man, apparently about 50 years of age, was found by the Hawthorn police, in the Yarra, near the Hawthorn bridge, on Thursday afternoon. From the appearance of the clothing the man seemed to hare been in poor circumstances, and the body had apparently been in the water j about three weeks, as it is. much decom posed. The Minister of Lands has decided that residence by a licensee, under section 10 of the Land Act 1S60, as amended by the Land Act IS7S, within one mile of his licensed holding, shall in future be consi dered residence upon the land within the j meaning of the said . Acts. A double line of telegraph wires, alto gether independent of those already in use, is now being placed along the railway from Melbourne to Ballarat, for the purposes of the Department only, so that no confusion or delay may occur by the clashing of public and Departmental messages. The new wires (says the Star) are stretched in a cheap style on the opposite side of the line to the old ones, and the innovation will, no doubt, prove beneficial to all parties. The Talbot Leader, states that the case of attempted suicide, to which it alluded in its last, as having occurred at Kangaroo \ Flat, has resulted in the recovery of the foolish woman who committed the rash act. J Bradycrof fc, one of the sufferers by Tues day's accident on the Horsham line, is still iu a very critical state. He was on Tburs day nigbt (says the P. 0. News) suffering most acutely,.and his internal injuries are such, that it is to he feared he will not re cover from the effects of the accident. On Thursday afternoon, a Mr and Mrs Fox were promeuading the Brighton pier, when a sndden gust of wind caught Mr Fox and cast him into the hay, where he was j drowned before assistance could be rendered. Mr Fox (says the Telegraph)- was a tailor reMr"?riU BUOkiDS- ham'Streeti' Richm°nd. Murray Smith requests the Age to state that his application to the Secretary of i the Exhibition Couimissiau for an admission I order for Henderson Africanus to be present at Wednesday's ceremony was given through inadvertence, and with no intention of | throwing discredit on the proceedings. We gladly publish this explanation, as at first ; sight Mr Smith's action seemed capable of £ very different interpretation. At a meeting of the contractors aDd workmen at the 2vew Law Courts, held | on Thursday, it was determined (says the Age) to close the works for the week on Friday evening, to give the men an oppor- | tnnity of taking part in the demonstration on the occasion of the Governor's departure, i Other, contractors and firms ore likely to | give their employes a holiday for the same purpose. ,,Mr Thomas Rpberts/who has occupied N.Hn'Tr,°f CasEistaut-.inspector Of the j ational Bank of Australasia in this colony for many years, having received the appoint \- ' o --vvi.cu mc uppoiQl ment of assistaut-manager of the London office, the opportunity has been taken by his brother officers to present him with a flatter- I ing token of their goodwill. The testimo trial took the form of a purse of sovereigns, which, was presented to Mr .Roberts on Thursday, with a request that the amount should be expended in the purchase of some lasting memento of kindly feelings and good wishes. Mr Roberts (says the Argus) pro ceeds to the sphere of his new duties by the i outgoing mail steamer. A strange matter was reported to the de tective police on Thursday night. Mrs Ritchie, residing at 134 Park-street-east, Emerald Hill, reports that a strange carrier pigeon flew into her bathroom on the 17th inst. with a small piece of paper tied round its neck, bearing the following inscription :— £4000 reward.—Ned Kelly.—Take care of him at home." The writing apparently is that of a clerk, and the paper appears to have been torn off a newspaper! Our Adelaide telegrams recently referred to the suicide of a Victorian architect there. •We .take tho following additional particulars from the S. vl. Register :—Early this morn ing; -February 17th, a man was found dead with a ghastly cut across his throat in a closet on board the steam'er Penola, lying at anchor at Beachport.' At daybreak the Bteward was passing this closet, and noticed pools of blood oozing through the door. He called attention to it, and had to break the door open, when he found the body head foremost on the floor. .. The man's name is Edward Applin, of the late Jinn• of Applin and .Culk, architects and surveyors, Fitzroy street, Melbourne. The report" of the occur rence says'the man had plenty of moojy him. A miner, named Henry Priestly, died vefv. suddenly on Thursday while working i„ ^ claim of the Hew Eureka Company, Ballarai East. It appears (says the Courier) that tin deceased, who was apparently a hale stent man, was working with bis co-tribntorj in washdirt drive, filling a truck, when uj denly he gave a heavy sigh, and fell dead.' He was.at once taken to thesurfj,, and. Dr. .Radcliffe Bent for, who on arrivd pronounced life to be extinct. It u B • posed the cause of death was heart diseaw. There was. a" fair attendance of memltn at the usual meeting of the Catholic Yojj, Men's Association last evening. The pie. cipal business of the meeting was the raj. ing of an essay entitled "The Wig lt(j Gown in Victoria," by Mr J. p, The subject was handled in a very afcu manner by the essayist, and at its cpnclniiea he received a hearty vote of thanks. Tb» business for the next night of meeting *,j announced as the." Monthly Magazine" | There was another very large attendants j to witness Mr D'Arcy Read's entertainment at the Mechanics' Institute last evening, I The latest; novelty is a wonderful flhi,^ called "Tobin's Phantasm, or the Past, ft. Present, and the Future." Three litini heads were carried into the hall in boiaaaj placed on a table in front of the stage, srten they recited and sang in a manner thatfairfj astounded the audience. This extraordinuj illusion is to be repeated to-night for ft, last time, as also the Phantom Christys. This afternoon a performance ig to t&, place at half-past two, for the convenits^ P® of families and schools. Owing to the P'.ft cess of . the Ghost Entertainment, tbreeeitt, nights are to be given, commencing ^ gs® Monday, when the fairy nursery itory tj Beauty and the Beast is to he produced, tii ^ all the scenery, appointments and visions, u l ' ~ shown at Christmas time in Melbourne, tin a dialogue specially written by Mi Gars Walch. The Committee of the Steiglitz Races p® pose having a good day's running shortlt and' they are actively canvassing for doss fel tions towards the prize-money. The follot. ing gentlemen have subscribed the snrntj £9 7s among them:—Hon. J. Camming M.L.C.; Messrs J. B. Hopkins, JohnMati® son, Alex. Millan, John Brown, and H® Ellwood. Pervices at the Eyrie-street Tresbyteria I Church to-morrow will be conducted by t' Kev. W. M. Alexander. The subject of the Rev. T. M'K. fraai 1 lecture in the High Church to-morrow erenicx I io •' Tin* T.ife nf .Testis," I Tho Life of Jesus." The Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, B.I)., til | make an appeal after 11 o'clock Mass at St I Mary's Roman Catho'ic Church to-morrot © I behalf of the Orphanage, and subscriptions as [ solicited in aid of .them. 