OUR lit* the alOKTH, We DOW know by telegraph the exact out corne of the ridiculous embussy home of jfesars. Berry and Pearson, and are enabled lo precisely appreciate its nsultai So far as «"* jB rnnoerried thebe are Dre precinc'/ -r« jhe Government is concerned thefae are pre cisely nil The embassy went with certain demands, and these are aU Wjected. The -*-» rtovarnment will hot undertake the tieiuow*-, Imperial Government will not underi amendment of onr Constitution, or pass an enabling act to allow the Assembly to ride iV - " r«? hahod over the Council. It considers 'ft for the home Government to interfere id only be justified in an extreme A aMmmino - vrnnnnu e®eJL of reform submitted to him, Sit «,h*>l Hicks-Beach gives his preference for J. gcberoe for dissolving the two Houses nally a»d at the 8Bme time' by whidl we Tderstand it is meant when a difference of Linn arises between them. That is to say, *he ulan recommended to Mr. Berry is that of ?he leader of the Opposition, wanting the pro Vision for securing finality by the two Houses ttinsr jointly. He advises that the Council Ihoi'ld claim no other rights than tho3e as fitted by the House of Lords, and that the Assembly should avoid conflicts by re fraining from introducing foreign matters into supply bills. So that the answer to the embassy is a rebuff at all points, and Mr. Berry, who went out to shear, comes back very closely shorn indeed. It is easy to un derstand and to explain on reading this de spatch-the effect of which our Premier, no doubt, knew be'orehand-the outburst of republicanism which those wicked reporters put into his month on the occasion of the Chelsea meeting of Liberals, and which Mr. Berry found it nccessary so promptly to dis avow. But for all we can see by the 'telegrams, Mr. Berry and his colleagues have uttered far more flagrantly disloyal senti ments in this colony when there has been no pretence of " misreporting" in the matter. But on these occasions Mr. Berry was not poing to court wearing an uncomfort able suit of "moderation," which does not sit well upon him, and which he is doubtless longing for a convenient oppor tunity to discard. The Ministers who carry on the Govern ment during Mr. Berry's absence continue to show tbe petty spite and the leaning to illegality which mark all of their career. The task of obstructing the bperations, of the Harbour Trust by all means in their power is persisted m, and the Government sought to insult aud degrade the body by the nomina tion to it, as representatives of the Govern ment, of mere creatures of their own, such as Messrs. Nimmo and Perry, instead of men of position and experience, in whom the commercial community would, have confidence. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen continues, as far as he is permitted, his procedure of withholding public telegrams from in fluential Opposition journals, and giving' them as bribes tq papers supporting the Government ' That arch - blunderer, Mr. Longmore, the Minister of Lands, is trying to ruin the selecting class by inserting in their leases a' clause applying the regulation that transfers are not to be recognised, artless, the. consent of the Governor in Council is Ob tained, to transfers'directed bya court of law. The object of this iB to defeat a recent judg ment of th6 Supreme Court, and the result will be to make- the security of a selector's lease even more worthless for purposes' of raising money upon fchan it is at present! A vacancy having occurred in the repre sentation of the Central Province in .the Legislative Council, Mr. James Lorimer has been induced to come forward as a fAnriiifafo Mr. Lorimer in a very high degree possesses the confidence of the commercial public and of the colony at large; and it ia significant that, in offering himself for election, Mr. Lorimer insists on his, desire to assist in bringing about a state of harmony between the . two Houses of Legislature, :by means ?f a reform of the CounciL He is, in favour of Mr. Ser vice's scheme bf a dissolution of the two Chambeis, and with , a final resort, in case of disagreement,: to a joint sitting of the two Houses., We were fairly satisfied with the result of our loan tfdilqld' some weeks ago, but the great success of the more recent.New South Wal6s loari has induced us to'.take a different view .of rbur own caaei. ,t It will l>e remembered that the Berry Government during the last session of Parliament, with a shrewd prevision of. the effect on the nglish investor .of the revolutionary and re °ns talk and violent .'proceedings in which the Government had indulged, wduoed; ., }fee P&rijanient; to raise:, tbe ja e of interest from 4 to 4J per cent At thuiate qur loan oris,000,000 -was floated, alter the Premier had been required to pledge e promise of the colony -that no ? further »oan would be offered for 18 months. On ®w terms we obtained for our loanan average of £99 Ijb. 7<L, -the 'price including in teresj; from January, or £9717s. Sd. net., TW . < Wales 4 per cent loan has now to 2J??4 ^ 9f WM , net, i, ^ ^aa to be added Interest for the use wttettwuy T to; J^ly l1,'the result' beings ton! has obtained about fill per in n, ' th^n'Victoria, although oenf j0^6 interest was 4 pejr' ^7 in oa* own jc%se 4fc. And. the erfra1n^I?n?nt<>i £15-000or £»>0Q0, privil?,?^ ?^ awin»t us tot the his nit a ^,og govemed W. Mr- fysrg and descrjpt crew of adventured, Among tnidoell&neionB; matters w* may mention (hat the Marchioness of Norinanby bad, by April 19, recovered strength suffi ciently to hold h$r Urn reception at Govern ment-house, when a larae number o! ladies and gentlemen attended. Instead of holding a Queen's Birthday ball, an official dinner is to be given by His Excellency the Governor on the evening of May 24, at Government house. It has been stated that some of the largest amounts paid to shareholders of the Hobson's Bay Railway consequent on the purchase of . the line by the Government have been invested out of the colony. The report of Sir John' Coode on the improvements of the Yarra to protect Melbourne from floods, and to bring the shipping up to the city, has been received, and its tenour gives great satis faction to those best qualified to offer an authoritative opinion. The most satisfac tory progress is being made with the Mel bourne International Exhibition, and the prospects of its success, owing to the sup port it has received in all countries, are now assured. In reply to the invitations transmitted home from this colony, and also from Sydney, to the Prince and PrincesB of Wales, we are informed that the Prince will be unable to be present at the opening of either exhibition, but that he may probably visit Australia next year. Authority was sent by the Government to Mr. Berry by telegram to accept the tender of the P. and 0. Company for a fortnightly mail service for a subsidy of £85,000 a year. The contract commences on February 1,1880, and lasts for eight years. Mails are to be de livered in Melbourne in 41 days from London. The address of the retiring president of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce drew an unfavourable picture of the state of trade during the past year, but expressed the opinion that there were still grounds for hopefulness and confidence. Mr. J. S. El kington, M.A.,has been appointed to the pro fessorship of History and Political Economy at the University of Melbourne. The obituary for the month includes the names of many well-known and prominent men, whose disappearance will leave great gaps in the ranks of the early founders of the colony. The Hon. George Harker, ati one time an active participator in public affairs, and one of the moat re spected of our politicians, died -on April 25, as the consequence of a paralytic seizure. Mr. Harker held office as Treasurer inithe second O'Shanassy Government. The Hon. Captain G. W. Cole, K.N., and M.L.C. for the Central Province, died at his re sidence at Brighton on April 26, aged 80 yefurs. Mr. Cole entered the navy in 1807. H$came to Port Phillip in 1839, and was thins one of our earliest settlers. He had a seat in the old Legislative Council, and -was in 186?elected to a seat in the .Upper House . under the constitution he had helped to frame. He retained fall possession of his faculties to the last, and on. tile day of his death listened attentively while a friend read the report of Sir John Coode.on the im provement of the navigation of the Yarra, a. subject in which he always took' great in terest Mr. Monckton Synnqif* Mr. H. W, Farrar, Captain H.P, Bance. and Mr. A. B. White, of the late him of Holmes, White, i aiid Co., :are- also ;among the prominent colonists who have died during the month. With regard to one. of these gentlemen, Captaijr Bance, there is reason to believe t jathis ;dfeath was hastened by the act of a man named Paul,-who - was engaged to attend htm as a night nutee, and who, administered a narcotic dose to stupefy his 'patient while he plundered the house. Paul is now under committal on the charge of manslaughter. (Nothing has yet been done towards the capture of the Kelly gang of bushrangers, for wjiose apprehension a reward of £8,COO has been offered vairly for some months. A force of about 300 police and artillerymen is stationed in the district where the KeHys wpre last seen, but their present whereabouts ate utterly unknown. The men locked up fair some time on. suspicion of being sympa thisers with and abettors of these ruffians have been released.' In the New South Wales Legislature some conflicts of .opinion have arisen between the two HonseS in regard to matters of legisla tion. The Chinese Immigration Regulation B^ll was lost on its second reading. The P irliamentary Privileges BUI, assuming some ii lportwitpowejaandprivilfiges to Parliament, w is iost|owingto the Council limiting prooeed ii gtr taken undir 'theifcet to matters taking p ace actually in Parliament. This amend n ent the Assembly refused to accept, and a a inference between the two Houses failed to a: rive at any agreement. The measure con ei quently dropped. A bill for appointing a fifth judge was amended by {the Council Ji niting the appointment to barristers, as at p esent, and excluding attorneys, who v ere made eligible. under, the bill. 1 he Council, held that an important c isjQgp such as this should follow n ither thanprecede an amalgamation of the t' vo branches of the profession, and should naibe introduced as by a side wind. Over t lis matter, also, some difference of opinion, .n unattended with heat, was manifested ih .tie Assembly, As to other matters, the I remier h^s i^dunced the intention of'bloa ,ii ig; the ^session on May 16, and summoning laijlpi^ jlaiti^ifi J)he second week in '/ ugaat. ' It is, however, now believed that t lerttm^iof clogingthe session will be i ifec. jaipntloned'. The jyo 8 rawihe-alntatiuftional. Exhibition strike _ !? nmg iW tcaipfptuR, .imo 'I ;« ad the 6trike%oilfl|)Mi o®h» Hatfield bush ? c eath,- hut theirsentapoeahaye been com* ; I rot#d to lop, tca^naso! ^prisonmwrt.' - A 1 i^hiy-auocessM vblontew enpaajpment wjM 1 eld at Easter, attfoe Middle Head, and a .ell-managed shani :fight ' took place. tfhe Queensland Parliament is to meet on tbe 18th inst., and anxious hopes have been expressed that in the present depressed condition of the finances faction warfare will be snapended, and the Ministry allowed an opportunity of endeavouring to extricate the colony from its difficulties. A volunteer encampment, at which 750 men at tended, was held during tbe Easter holidays. Mr. John Macintosh, M.A., head master of the Toowoomba grammar school, lost his life by being throwm from honeb&ck.; The South Australian Parliament ia summoned for the despatch of business on May 29, when it is said that Bome important explanations will be demanded from Government respecting the present condition of public affairs, finan cial and otherwise. The Government has decided to discontinue receiving nominations for free passages of immigrants pending brighter prospects. At present 4,COO cer tificates for passages axe outstanding. Over 8,000 Chinese are now in the Northern Territory. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of New Zealand, has made a visit to the South Island, where he was warmly received. The native dif ficulty arising from the offering for sale of the Waikato confiscated landt is not yet settled, although it is believed that nothing serious will come of it. A Kingite meeting has been held at the Waikato, atwhich 4,COO Maories attended, coming from all parts of New Zealand. Sir George, Grey and Mr. Sheeban, the Native Minister, were present, but we have not yet been informed whether the meeting contributed anything towards an understanding. The revenue is expected to show a serious deficiency on tie estimates Another loan of four millions is advocated by the Government papers. The Tasmanian Parliament re-assembled on April 24, when the Treasurer made his financial statement. This showed a probable deficiency on the year of nearly £36,000, added which was £73,500 accumulated interest due to the Main Line of Railway. The Treasurer proposes to pay the latter amount by the iaiue of deben tures, and to meet the deficiency in the ordi nary revenue by an income and property tax of 2\ per cent., all incomes under £100 per annum to be exempt. It is believed that the income tax will be rejected by the Upper House. In agricultural and pastoral affairs the break ing up of the drought iB the Boat important item of intelligence. The rainfall, which has been rather unequally distributed,has in many parts been entirely absorbed by the thirsty soil, but generally enough water has found its way into the dams to remove all present anxiety, and relieve farmers in dry districts of the labour of watering their stock, whicb, for some time past, has occupied most of their time. The new difficulty has now to be con fronted of keeping the stock from starving; the tains having been followed by cold nights; and the season being far advanced, the prospects of good pasturage being pro duced are slight. In some districts tbe early sown wheat had perished and the land is being resown; sowing generally is being the order of the day, but ploughing has been re sumed, that work having been much delayed, and in many districts wholly stopped, in con. sequence partly of the hardness of the ground, and partly, through the hands being engaged iri watering the stock. Theatrically we have a good deal of variety just now. Thus, at (he Theatre Rojal, Mr. and Mrs. Lingard are proving an excellent investment forthb management. They opened with "Sweethearts" and "Our Boys," and are now playing in Gilbert's " En gaged," with the most genuine success. Mr. Rignold is just concluding a brilliant en gagement at the Acadfemy, ahd, on the 24th inst., he opens at the Princess's, in " Henry the Fifth." Mr. Cayless, at the latter theatre, has just now a juvenile troupe trained in this colony. They have appeared in "Struck Oil," and are now playing in "Conrad and Lizette" and "Patchwork." Mr. Lyster, with' his English opera com pany at the Opera-house, has bad such good success that he has not yet had occasion to produce any novelty. Hiss Rose Hersee and Mr. Verdi are the notable attrac tions of the company. / The Mammoth Min strels, 24in number, are yet at St. (Jeorge's hall, and the Apollo-hall is still occupied by Woodroffe's Glassblowers and Mr. Kohler. The musical matter of interest just now is Mademoiselle Charbonnet, who, despite a good deal of not very worthy opposition, has . thoroughly established herself in public favour. She is about commencing a series of high-clasB chamber concerts at Glen's rooms The two Liedertafels have given concerts during the month,, and suburban musical gatherings have been numerous and meri toriouB. Mr. . Bayless's regular company have been playing a week at Sandhurst, and are j^ow, at BaUarat. The Ghost Entertainment, which Is now on a 'ooiihtijr' tour, has been \tell advertised. .by means of a quarrel between the proprietor, Mr.D'Arcy Read, and tbe agent, Mr. Medoalfe. In Adelaide Miss Tp'ard has just finished a. good engagement at tiie theatre there, and the Baldwins are doing Well at White's rooms. In Sydney, MiBB Dafrgon's BUocess^ haia been'still more ijaarlred thanty wals.ih Melbourne. In New ZealaM'^ .'Cteawlcklast at Wellington, and the Df&sayjGgdea; Cpmppiy in Dunedin nadmade a gObd impression.' Mr. Cathcart, br^thtr ^f-Mra. !Dairell, lately arrived in Mel bo^e ffo^ Enghitd, biit he is at present Mriouply ill,' and no mention has been made of; his .engagement jinywhere. The wa|ls navebeten placarded ftfith a poldssal copy of a telegtati received from Mr. Arthur Garner, announ<Jin# that <he has jBnga&ed; a firet-class ^ompany, Wd is coining o&t; under contract 4a Mr. Lyster. J ILc considered to termlhatfe tyilft.'flie %i Meetingi I which was Jield at Sydney on Easter Monday, April 14, and the fpUowinp^ednesday, Friday, ind Saturday. If the attendance was hardly so |ood as usual; the epoit was first-class, large fields starting for 'all the events of import ance, On the first day tbe Champagne and Leger Stakes were the chief event*. For the former Petrea and Nellie were the favourites, tbe former by King of the Ring, and owned partly by Mr. W. J. Clarke. Nellie won the Maribyrnong Plate in the spring at Fleming ton. Neither, however, conld catch the judge's eye first, which was reserved for Baronet, by Lord of Lynne; Gipsy Cooper, by Barbarian, second, and Gainsborough, by Yattendos, third. It was a close finish half a head. Twelve others ran. The Leger was rejarded as a foregone conclusion for Boawortb, who was sold just before the V.R.C. Derby to Mr. Jellett Hia opponents were His Lordship, Sweetmeat, and Napper Tandy, bat Bo3worth won very easily, His Lordship ruru'ng anything bnt gamely. Chester won the Autumn Stakes, and The Book the Doncister Handicap, whilstAvernus, a fine two year old by King of the Ring, won the Trial Stckc3. On the second day the Sydney Gold Cup, with ita 500 sovs. added, was the great attraction, and speculation had been brisk about it. A great race was ex. pected, as the starters included Chester, 4 yrs, 9st. 51b.; BoBworth, 3 yrs, 7st. 121b.; Richmond, 6 yrs, 8st. 121b.; Wellington, 3 yrs, 8st. 21b., the V.R.C. Champion winner; and the famous Savanaka, that ran Chester to a head for tbe Melbourne Cup of 1877. The other starters were Toeal, 5 yrs, 7afc 121b. ; The Dean, 4 yrs, 8st. 31b. Crusader, 4 yrs, 7st 61b.; Whisker, 3 yrs' 7st.; Colima, 4 yrs, 6st. 12lb.; Jacko' Lantern, 3 yre, 6st. 101b.; Olivia, 3 yrs, 6st. 101b. ; K.C.B., 3 yrs, 6st. 2lb.; Falcon, 5 yrs, 6st. 21b.; Santa Cioz, 3 >rs, 6st.; Savanaka, "the pony," as he is now termed, is four years old, and his weight was 8st. 71b., including a penalty of 51b. for winning the Australian Cup. Chester thus gave the pony 121b., and Savanaka was backed to win a moderate stake, and no doubt more money would have been got on, but the party behind the horse, which is trained by Mr. Wilson, of St. Albans, are so "clever" that it is difficult to execute a commission for them. The race was inn at a great pace, the two miles being done in 3m. 33s., and Savanaka won easily at lasi, nothing beins near the pony but Chester, who ran a great horse at the weights; for Savanaka, though a pony, is wonderfully well put together and a brilliant goer. Bos worth was third. The win was not a popular one, as the tactics of the St. Albans stable are ever mysterious, and rumours had gained currency that the pony was lame and might be scratched; but there are always such rumours afloat when anything good is " on" from that stable, and that it was a very good thing the event proved. On the same day Petrea won the Maiden Stakes, and Baronet the Breeders' Plate. On the off day, Friday, Nellie won the Produce Stakes, and Chester the Cumberland Stakes, whilst Avernus ap propriated the All-aged Stakes. On Saturday the attendance was much greater, and the racing of a superior character. Blackthorn won the Rous Handicap, andEgremontthe Rand wick Stakes, and then Chester easily carried off the A.J.C. Plate, three miles, weight for age, from Le Loup (a fine New Zealand horse, 4 yre old, in Mr. Dakin's stable), who was second, and Bosworth third. Warrong won the Steeplechase, and Avernus, with 8st. 101b. up, the Nursery Handicap, and then the popular yellow and black of Mr. Tait on The Arab was seen to the front in the Free Handicap (for which 18 horses ran) after a dead heat with Visconnt. And thus ended a first-class meeting. It is worthy of note that a machine called the totalisator was introduced at this meeting, and had a great run of business. It is a kind of sweep in which the money invested is divided amongst those who staked on the winner, less a per-centage for trouble to the proprietor. The bookmakers were loud in denouncing it, as it threatens to ruin their business, and the proprietor has been summoned for using it. Coursing, which has been delayed owing to the dry weather, is now fairly in swing; but no meetings of much import have yet taken place. Hares are reported as very numerous. Cricket bats and balls are being oiled and put away, and football has just begun in earnest. Already preparations are being made to send a second Australian Eleven to England during the season of 1880. This time Mr. Driver, M.L.A., of Sydney, is the promoter, and will accompany the team home; He has taken a leading part in relation to sport of all kinds in the sister colony; but it is not improbable that Mr. Conway will go also as manager. Evans, the famous cricketer of New South Wales, has consented this time to form one of the Australian Eleven. Some remarks that appeared in one of the home sporting papers that the English Eleven were not well treated by the M.C.C. when here have given some offence, end certainly there is no foundation for the report. The M.C.C. are out of pocket by the venture, the cost of which was very great, and the gentlemen certainly were treated most hospitably .when here, as the balance-sheet will Bhow. -The idea of having . a' gentleman team.here was, .however, a mis take, < which is not likely to be repeated. With the exception of four, the gentlemen were a very moderate team, and Australians will not care to witness such cfioket again; but whether .their "play was good, baa, or indifferent, certain., it is " the gentlemen " were treated as such in every sense of the i ord, and there iB ? nothing to complain of on tihat score." - > ^ - - ? The Victoria?* eight are now in full swing of practice, ;for, tn^jr match with Sydney, which takes place towards, the end of this month. They are & ppwgrful crew, and con; fident of -making a , good' fight lor the (jhampionship. 