ART NOTES Poikilographic Paintings. The secret process (says a London paper) by which Signor Lombardi, of Pall- Mall East, reproduces oil paintings, is so remarkably successful that it may possibly have the effect of lowering the market value of copies of the old masters. The first part of the process of poikilography, or the art of picturing in various colours, is, we believe, simply photographic; whilst in the final result is attained an exceedingly faithful representation of the original work, not only of the various tones, tints, and shadows, but in the more delicate outlines, varieties of texture and surface. The advantages of repeating fine pictures in facsimile are mani- fest, for to many, perhaps unable to visit the distant countries where these chef d'œuvres are deposited, a gallery of close copies like those submitted to us would be most interesting, whilst their general diffusion among the public should be the means of spreading knowledge and apprecia- tion of higher-class art. Upon the occasion of our visit to Signor Lombardi we were also favoured with a practical demonstration of his invention the Luxograph, by which to take photographs by artificial light. Efforts to apply artificial light to photo- graphic portraiture have, as we are aware, been made from time to time. In 1841 by Mr. Claudet, placing the light in the optical axis of a concave mirror; Fox Talbot tried electric light for the same purpose; Luceney (in 1872) took out a patent for artificial light, produced by a galvanic battery, or in some other way, using parabolic reflectors to secure parallel rays of light; Moule obtained portraits by a chemical compound and electric light was again attempted about a year ago, not with much success, for the portraits were hard and ghost-like; and, lastly, Clarke and Alder were patentees of some pyrotechnic compound, with which they produced fair average likenesses. These are some of the more prominent inventions, attempted with the object of trying to overcome what may be called the atmospheric or daylight difficulties of photo- graph portraiture. Signor Lombardi, however, bringing to bear upon the subject a more than ordinary intelligence and considerable knowledge of chemistry, appears to have triumphed over all difficulties, and achieved most remarkable results. The machine employed is a cir- cular one, and around it are a number of small mirrors, placed at different angles, from which an electric light of immense power and brilliancy is radiated to a given point. Magnificent as is the character of this light, it gives the "sitter," who is exposed to it for some fifteen or twenty seconds, no discomfort, the result being a "negative," certainly equalling anything of the kind we have yet seen. The numerous specimens we examined were like beautiful drawings, the forms in the half-tones and shadows being distinctly defined, general effects of light and shade admir- ably balanced, and outlines accurate. It would thus almost appear that "sun pictures" will not of necessity require for the future to be taken by the aid of that luminary. \----------------------- Gustave Dore has been made a Grand Officer in the Legion of Honour. The Freemasons are raising subscriptions for the restora- tion of the whole or part of the west front of St. Alban's Abbey. Orders have been issued for a bust of M. Grévy, by M. Turquet, the new Sub-secretary of State for the Fine Arts. It is to be executed in biscuit by M. Carrier Belleuse, director of the Art Works at Sevres. Sir P. Cunliffe Owen has presented the Musee des Arts Decoratifs, of which he is a vice-president, a beautiful little Indian temple in carved wood, which formed one of the objects in the Prince of Wales's Gallery at the Paris Exhibition. Proof copies of the subscription volume for this year of the Art- Union of London have been issued. The volume consists of Lord Byron's poem of "Lara," with twenty illustrations by Mr. C. B. Birch, and it bids fair to be one of the most popular, as it is one of the most meritorious publications of the Art-Union. The Portfolio states that Mr. Hubert Herkomer, while staying with Mr. Alfred Tennyson in the Isle of Wight, has executed a very remarkable portrait of the poet in black chalk, from which he intends painting a portrait in water- colours to be exhibited at the Grosvenor Gallery in May. He will also make an etching from his drawing, which is affirmed to be "a striking likeness, full of character and vigour." Mr. Herkomer's recent triumphs in the way of portraiture will make everyone look forward to this work with interest. Writing on the subject of replicas, "Fresco" of the Echo remarks:— "One of the most dificult questions con- nected with artistic copyright is that relating to replicas. Sculptors, as is well known, will accept commissions for any number of repetitions of favourite statues, and painters of eminence have frequently laid themselves open to the reproach of seriously depreciating the value of their original works by the production of subsequent replicas. I believe it is an undoubted fact that the foreign artists err more in this respect than painters of the English school. Indeed, it has been stated that Ary Scheffer rarely sold the originals of his most celebrated works, but retained them for his own use, and painted from them as many copies as he could obtain commissions for. The recommendation of the Royal Academicians, which proposes that suitable restrictions should be imposed upon artists to prevent injury to the original purchaser by replicas or copy-pictures, is therefore one which should not be lost sight of." The litigation which has been going on for some years between the young Prince Louis Napoleon, as heir of the late Emperor, and the Government of the French Republic, respecting valuables of various kinds which were left in the ex-Imperial palaces, and which are claimed as their personal property by the Prince and his mother, the Empress Eugenie, has been brought to a close. The Chinese Museum at Founfainebleau, which to a large extent was formed by presents from the French army after the loot of the Summer Palace at Pekin, has been claimed by the State. The same decision has been arrived at respecting the collection of mediaeval arms and armour in the Salles des Preux, at the Chateau of Pierre- fonds, because it is not proved that the objects were purchased from the private purse of the Empress. But certain pictures which the late Emperor simply lent for exhibition in the Louvre are to be given up. On the other band, the Prince is held liable to the extent of 700,000 francs for furniture which was to have been kept in repair from the Emperor's Civil List, but which was destroyed, after September 4, by the Commune. 