A PRISOHER SHOT WHILST TRYING TO ESCAPE. dubbo dispatch, 4th july. A man named James Montgomery, on bail for horsestealing, who was being es corted to Coonanible by Constable Brown, of Curban, was shot on the 1st July whilst attempting to escape. When about two miles from Coonanible lie tried to induce the constable to promise not to give cer tain evidence against him, and on Brown refusing, the prisoner suddenly struck him twice on the back of the ncclc with a stick, saying, " Then take that, you Brown, who was taken unawares, was stunned for a moment by the unlooked-for attack — so much so that he nearly fell out of his saddle. As soon as Alontgomery had struck Brown he galloped into the scrub. Brown in a few moments recovered liis consciousness, and saw about 130 yards off prisoner aud his horse, on the ground, both in the act of rising. The horse, it appeared afterwards, liacl, while galloping, put his fore feet into a hole and fallen down. Brown, when he saw the prisoner in this plight, rushed up to him, and, covering lam with Ins revolver, called upon him to stand, at the same time ordering Humphries, the prosecutor, who was in their company, to catch Montgomery's horse. He did so, and was next told by Brown (who had prisoner still covered with the revolver) to put the handcuffs on Alontgomery. As soon as the prisoner heard the purport of the order, he swore he would not allow himself to be hand cuffed, and that he wouldkill the pair of them if they attempted to do so. Humphries naturally was frightened to approach him, as lie fully believed prisoner, being then a desperate man, would attempt to carry his violent threats into execution. Noticing Humphries' indecision, Montgomery turned to Brown and said, "Let me get on the horse and I'll go the rest of the way with you qwietlv, . but I won't have tlie haticuifs on." Brown replied, " Well, get on your horse, und give me none ol your nonsense. Don't try to escape, or I'll shoot you." Prisoner then mounted QlS horse, Drouu reiunieu ui.i revolver to his holster, and, as lie did so, Montgomery immediately galloped off towards the Castlereagh. The trooper (who had the handcuff's in his hands) threw them at the escaping prisoner, but missed him. As Montgomery rode away, he sang out. " Catch me now, you if you can." Brown drew liis revolver and went in pur suit, calling on prisoner to stand or he would certainly shoot him, The escape took no notice, beyond turning round in liis saddle and laughing at the policeman. Brown, now thinking to intimidate Mont gomery— -to show "him that his threats were not empty ones — fired two shots over his head ; but they had no effect on the prisoner, -who continued still to gallop away. Ho went down the bank of the Castlereagh, followed by Brown. The trooper's .horse here ran him against a tree and knocked him out of the saddle. Brown jumped to liis feet immediately, uuu naiu vnucifc tut/ ptnuiicr IU dVtllU, but no notice was taken of tlie or ler. T«ie policeman then, seeing his mm was likely to escape, took deliberate aim and fired. Montgomery sang out "Oh, Holy Ghost, you shot me." but he did not seem to the trooper as if he had been struck. Brown now mourned his horse, and re sumed the pursuit, 'calling. on. the prisoner to stand, and again firing over his head, in the hope that fear would induce him to surrender. Montgomery, however, wis not to lie intimidated— he. continued bis course, siuging out wiieu the shot : was fired — "Thai's two, now cateh me, you wretch, if you can." Brown, finding there was no possibility of overtaking him, a second time took aim, and fired. Mont gomery, as he did so, yelled out, That's three," pulled up his horse and dismoun ted. Brown rode up to him, and, not thinking he was hit — tor in the dark it was impossible t > sec if his shots had taken effect — he again called upon him to surrender, and Montgomery said. " I've and enough, you l»ve shot ine ' three times. I'm killed — I'm killed !" He then stepped away a pace from his horse, and fell backwards down the bank. The constable got off his horse, lifted tlie man's head up the bank of the stream, got some water, bathed his face, and told Humphries (who about this time rejoined him) to ride i:i hastily to Coonanible for a doctor and a spring cart, as he believed prisoner was dying. Humphries went, as desired, and. Alontgomery, who never spoke again, continued to breathe for about ten minutes, and then expired. At the inquest held the jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. 