-'- ? HOME AND FORM- 1 ' ' ENGLAND. / \ CARDINAL MANNING ON IRISH : MISSIONARIES. On the 24th October, a crowded meeting . of Catholics was hold iu the League J-Tall, Si. Anne-street, Liverpool, iu aid of St. Joseph's Society for Foreign Missions. The ; chair was occupied by the Bishop oi; Liver pool, and there was also ou the platform his Eminence Cardinal Manninir. wiin. in snnnir ing on the subject in hand, said: — Tile . ?:. missionary college was not intended for the colonies of the British Empire, nor was it intended for Christendom. They must nbt misunderstand him. The missionaries ?who were being trained in St. Joseph's College iwere destiued not for Australia, or for Eng land, or for the Irish faithful, to be found scattered in Canada or in India — they were intended for the heathen — for those beyond the boundaries of Christendom. (Applause.) But though these people were beyond tlie boundaries of Christendom, they were within the boundaries of the British Empire. (Renewed applause.) He knew well that some would say, ' What have we to do with British Empire ?' but he would say. that that . great fabric called the British Empire ?was the work of God. (Applause.) . Nothing happened in this world which had not a manifestation of the will of God in it. The old Empire of Rome, which was Godless, was nevertheless a material shelter and a worthy power, by which the Apostles . spread the faith throughout the world. . (Applause.) To anyone who might not like . to hear the words he had said, he would say that in the last 300 years they had had to do with the very same things and the same kind r-7 of material authority opposed to them as the Apostles themselves had had opposed to them r iu the beginning. (Applause.) Who had ,.. built upthe mighty fabric of thceomnierce of / England ? and was it not the commerce of Eng land that had really been the motive-power by ! .which the British Empire had been built up ? ' .' (Applause.) Who were they who had toiled and laboured P Were they' only Scotchmen ,', . and Englishmen F No ; the Irish raco had been iii the midst of the industry, the toil, and the labour. (Applause.) Who wore ', those brave men, who, on the plains of India ..and. on the mountains of the North, had .carried inwards and outwards the boundaries ' of that great Power? Who were those , brave soldiers who never drew a foot back bi the moment of peril, and who had spread '. throughout the mighty continent Avhere , there were 240,000,000 souls under England's , sway ? They, the children of St. Patrick, ? had been in the foremost rank. (Loud ap Slausc.) They stood together and did their uty ; and what thoy called the British Empire was the great structure and fabric they had helped to build up. (Renewed applause.) CO-NVISHSJONS. It is announced that Miss Cotton, only child and heiress of Dr. Cotton, of Worces ter College, Oxford, and niece of Dr. Pusey, . is a recent convert to the Church in England. Besides Captain Dugmorc, of her Majesty's 6'lth Regiment, whose conversion we lately ? chronicled, we learn that the Hon. Mrs. Dugmore, his wife, was also received into the church last month. Mrs. Dugmore is a daughter of Lord Brougham. Dr. Melzer, of Neisse, ouc of the chief props of ' Old Catholicism' iu Silesia, has abjured his errors and returned to Catholic unity. The Jaffna Catholic Guardian states that Very Rev. J. Boisseau, V.G,, and Rev. C. Massiet baptised fourteen adult pagans and seren children on the 10th of August, and on the Festival of the Assumption of our Blessed ' Lady seventeen adults and nine children were baptised by Very Rev. F. Boisseau and Rev. F. Batayron. THE ENGLISH llll'UALISTS. % The English Ritualists have gained a signal victory over the Low-Church party. They are flushed with triumph, and, like the people of Ephesus at the time the Council decreed the Divine Maternity of the Blessed Virgin, are singing and shouting with delight. And, strange to say, there is the same cause for joy. The decision of the Court of Queen's Bench permits Mr. Machonochie to have a picture of the Madonna it St. Albans. He was ordered more than a year ago to remove the ob noxious image, but he refused. A decision was obtained from the Court of Arches for bidding him to have the picture in the church. He resisted. Now the highest legal officer in the realm, Chief Justice Cock burn has rendered a decision that the picture of the Virgin Mary is a very appropriate decoration for a Christian church, and the beautiful face of Mary will continue to look down in love on the congregation of St. Albans. We may expect to see a picture of the Virgin and Child in every Ritualist church in the world very soon. We predict many conversions from this. Mary rewards bountifully those who battle for her honour! — Western Watclvm an. A BENEDICTINE COLLEGE IN SCOTLAND. On Wednesday, October 15, a portion ' of the buildings of St. Benedict's Monastery and College, Fort Augustus, Scotland, the foundation of which was laid ou September 13, 1876, was opened. The buildings form a magnificent pile at the head of Loch -Ness, in one of the most delightful spots in the country. There are two blocks almost com pleted — one being the college portion, and the other the monastic -the two, however, being so connected that they really form one great building. The frontage is towards the Caledonian Canal, and above the chief entrance there springs a Scotch baronial tower, one hundred aud ten feet in height, the top of which commands an extensive and beautiful view. Two years of great activity have been sufficient only to erect about one-half of the contemplated scheme. When completed, the buildings and pleasure grounds will occupy sixteen acres, and will consist of the college, the monastery, the cloister, the chapel, the library (which is designed to receive twelve thousand, volumes), the museum, the hospi tium, or guest-house, &c.; The chapel, library, museum, and a wing of the monas tery have yet to be begun, together with the renewing of the walls of the hospitium, which consists of an entire wing of the old fort. The extent of the whole will be best indicated by stating that the buildings are estimated to cost not much less than £50,000, which slim may be divided as follows ; — The college has cost, exclusive nf interior furnishing, about £15,000 ; the ] art of the monastery nearly completed, £6000 ; an additional wing to the monastery and the cloisters are esti mated to cost £9000; the chapel about £10,000 ; and the library, £3000: The buildings arc in the early Gothic style of architecture,' and over the front entrance is a tower 110 feet high. The College which was opened on Wednesday has accommodation for the education of 80 boys, and is to be conducted by the Fathers of the English Benedictine congregation, under the supervision of the Very Rev. Prior Vaughan. At present there are 25 boys in attendance. At the opening ceremony High Mass was celebrated by Bishop Macdonald, who was afterwards presented with a missal. Luncheon was afterwards served to a company of about seventy. Prior Vaughan presided, and there were present the Bishop of Aber deen, Lord and Lady Lovat, Rev. Mr. Kyle, Tynet; Rev. Mr. Chisholm, Nairn, &c.; Prior Vaughan proposed the health of his Holiness the Pope, and her Majesty the Queen. Various toasts appropriate to the occasion were proposed. — JBanlfshire Journal, 22nd October, 1878. TJIIJ AIAU(,»UTS OFKIPON ON liELIOilOUS EDU CATION. The Marquis of Ripon, speaking at the Liverpool Female Training College on Fri day ?, said, the highest duty -of the teachers was to impart Christian knowledge to the children. He believed — and the conviction was strong in his mind year after year— no error could be greater than the separation, of religion from secular education. The two should go hand-in-hand, but religious. instruction should be the foundation. If they struck out from their programme the highest and most important subjects of Catholic faith the instruction of the school would fail, and the intellectual development of the children be narrowed. He was con vinced that the Government would continue ' to aid Catholic schools if they were main tained in a state of efficiency. Teachers should, by example to the children, show what influence religion had upon their own. minds, and let children see that Catholic teaching had made them living examples of the Catholic faith. CARDINAL MANNING. He is a tall, thin personage, some sixty eight years of age His face is bloodless— pale as a ghost, one mig!ht say. He is so thin as to look almost cadaverous. The out lines of the face are handsome and dignified. There is much of courtly grace and' refine ment about the bearing and gestures of this pale, weak, and wasted man. He wears a long robe of violet silk, Avith some kind of dark cape or collar, and has a massive gold chain round his neck, holding attached (o it a massive gold cross. There is a certain nervous quivering about his eyes and lips, but otherwise he is perfectly collected 'and master of the occasion. His voice is thin, but wonderfully clear and pene trating. The words fall with a slow, quiet force, like drops of water. Whatever your opinion may be, you cannot choose but listen ; and, indeed, you want only to listen and see. For this is the foremost man in the Catholic Church in England. This is the Cardinal grandson of Disraeli's 'Lotkair ' — Cardinal Manning, Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, successor in that office of the late Cardinal Wiseman. An Englishman of Englishmen, with no drop of Irish blood- in his veins, he is more Hibernian than the Hibernians themselves in his sympathies with Ireland. A man of social position, of old family, of the highest education and most refined instincts, he would leave the Catholic nobleman at any time to go down to his Irish teetotalers at the East End of London. Ho lirmly believes that the salva tion of England is yet to be accomplished through the- influence of that religious devo tion which is at the bottom ol: the Irish nature, and which some call 'superstition.' He loves his own country dearly, but turns away from hor present condition of industrial prosperity to the days before the Reforma tion, when yet saints trod the English soil. ' In England there have been no saints since the Reformation,' he once said, in sad, sweet tones, to one of wholly different opinions, who listened with a mingling of amazement and reverence. No views that I have ever heard put into Jiving words embodied any thing like the same extent the full claims and pretensions of TTltrainontanism. It is quite wonderful to sit and listen. One can not but be impressed with the stveetness, the thoughtfulness, the dignity, I had almost said the sanctity of the man who thus pours forth, with a manner full of the most tranquil conviction, opinions which proclaim all modern progress a failure, and glorify the Roman priest or the Irish peasant as the true herald and repository of light, liberty, and regeneration to a sinking and degraded world. — Justin M'Ca-rtlujt.in Galaxy. 