A GHOST OF THE sntRRAg Irwaeavast aSence of pines, redolent with balumic breatt, and muffled wiUi the dry daat of dead bark and matted mosseL luring on oar backs, we looked upward through a bandied feet of dear, unbroken interval to the mat lateral branches that formed the Bat canopy above bs. Here and there tile fierob San, from whose active penecntioas we hid just escaped, searched for us thraagh the woods, bet its keen blade was dnttrf and tamed aside by intercostal boughs, and its fc^E**-'' dissipated in nebulous mists tironghoHt the roofing of the dim, brown aaJes around os. We were in another atmosphere, ?aider another sky; indeed, in another world than tbedasiing one we bad jnst onitted. Tbe leraTe euenee eeemed so mnch apart of the grabSdomdneaa, that 'we hesitated to apeak, and for «me momeste tay quietly aststntcbed on tbe pine tassels where we had first thrown onraetraT Finally, a voice broke the enenee : 'Ask Uk old Major; he knows all about ar The person here aOnded to under that mSi tarytiHe was myself. I hardly need exphdn to aoy Calif oroian tiutltbyoomeanfoDowsd tbattwasa 'Major,' or tint I was -old,' or that I knew anyming abort 'it,' «r indeed what 'ft' referred to. The whole remark was merely one of tie usnal euaveutiunai feelers to conversation,— a kmd of social intercourse. Nevertheless, as I was always known as tbe Major, perhaps for no better naawthao that the speaker, anoHjoemala*, was always called Doctor, I recagmasd the fact n far as to kick aside an intervening aaddle, so that I could aee the speaker's face on a level with ray own, and said BotUng. ?About ghosts!' said the Doctor, attar a pane, which nobody broke or was expected to break. 'Ghosts, ah-! That, what we wawttofcaow. What are we deuag here in das Wank old laa-afcwa. ofCaUveras County. ifitnttofindoutaoaKdiingabaut ?en»,ehr ?Thar'e that haunted home at Cave City. Can't be more than a mile or two away, any way. UsedtobeJBBteffthetiaa.' Adeedaskaee. The Doctor (addreaamg apace generally) : ? Tea, an- ; it *m a mignty oaeer atwy.' aU knew the*D^tsr's akin as a maMr ; we* aU knew that aatorywaa conung. and we aU knew that any interruption weald be fatal. Time and time again, in oar prospecting «att,raah eaaeBaaoaaf interest, even a too eager attitude of aBeat rtpmtancy. bunght the Doctor * aadden chaage of aabject Tine aad tia» again knT« aee« 1&e; aawary atrangsr atoad aasued aad be wildered between aar on inaaTereaee aad tiu«dden taraaaacien of a pnaaaag aaac dete, tkroagh hk own anbicky ariafaeaoe. So we said nnlliiiM, ' The Jadge' snnnmr to alaep. Jack began to twist a ofarrko. Thamton bit all the cads of pine am-TVirrr Oeetavaly. '^ ?Yea, air,' ooatiaaed tbe Doctor coolly rating the back of bis bead oa tbejauaaiof biahaada,' it aw rather carious. An except tbe aaarder. Tiaft what gets me. for the trader Woo new pouata, m. fancy owhes, aoaentimfnt. mo mystery. Was joatoateof the 'aub-haad' rnaageapha. 4Md4aalaoned miner serahe alon|oc7bar5uk aod beans, and eaves ap a little oioney to go hoeae and aee re lations. Old-faahuoed aaanam aharpens ap knife, ttdatyie; loads aid Ami-Jock, brass, mounted pistol; walks in on aU-faaUoaed miner one dark aigbt, aeads ban hone to bs reiatioas away back to aereral generations, aad walka off with the ewag. So mystery tkre ; nathiag to dear mp ; auhanaarut renbtioaa oalyianectineane. Botfaag for any ghost to do-wfco sassat htarnTIm rnsVffist. over forty amrdera, same old kind, canamtted every yajrt Calaverj^aadnoapWtaJ east aaaeasnaaata aaade an the piace aad quiet «4 the sarviviagc(«aim»tty. tteD yea wnat, boys, rve always been iadaed to throw off aa the Cave C8y ghost far that abjae. If a a had precedent,^ H that kind o' thing ia going to obtain in ti» taoUuDa. well have tbe traS fall of chaps formerly knocked over by Meai eaaaaadroad agents; every little camp and grocery wul haveatoekeuouguoo hand togo into basiness. and Where's there any security for an viring He aad property, eh? Whafa your onbdnn^adge, as a fair-aanded legMatorr Of ooncse tsHsre *j(iwS bd naapoarc. Y#st it m part of the Doctor's system of acgramtion to become djacuraive at these momenta, in the aoBK moment! to dwell en the terrible poesibaity of » atate of afiairs in which a gentleman could no longer settle a dkmote with an enemy without being aubjectoSto aacceedmg afaritnal embarraasment. Bat all this digreaskaa fell upon apparently inattentive em. ? Well, air, after the murder, the cabin atoad far a long tune deserted and «— — 1» — Popular opinion was against it. One day a nttnd imiHiwxliii, aavage wioi hard uboui and harder luck, came to tbe camp, look ing for a place to Eve aad a chance to prospect. After the boys bad taken his measure, they condnded that se'd already tackled so much in the way of difficulties that a ghost more or has wouldn't be of much account. So they sent him to the haunted cabin. He had a big yellow dog with him, about as ugly and as savage as himself; and the beys sort o' congratulated themselves, from a practical viewpoint, that while they were giving the old ruffian a shelter, they were Eelping in the cause of Christianity against gboataand goblins. They had Uttie fHthinthe old man, but went then- -hole pile on taatdog. That's where they were mistaken. 'The house stood almost three hundred feet fnan tins nearest cave, and on dark nights, bemgin a honow, was as lonely as if it bad been on the top of Shasta, n you ever saw the spot when there was just mooo enough to bring out the little eumwnding chimps of cbapparal until they looked Uke crouching figures; and make the bits of broken quartz gbston like skulls, you'd begin to understand how big a contract that man and thatyeUowbWnalertook. 'They wentinto possession that afternoon, aad eld Hard Times set out to cook his sup per. When it was over he sat down by the embers and fit his pipe, the yeDow dog lying at hi, feet Suddenly -Bap! Bap!' comes from the door. 'Come in,' says the man, gruffly. 'Bapf again. 'Gome in and be d — d to you,' «ays tbe man, who has no idea of getting up to open the door. But no one ^,^^^^1^ and tiie tunL mmmwsjI ^^,^^1, 1^,^ the only sound pane in tbe only window. Seeing this, oU Hard. Times gets op, wife tbe devflm his eye, and a revolver in his band, followed by the yeDow dog, with every tooth showing, and awings open tiie door. No one there !Bot as the man opened the door, that yeDow dog, who had been so chipper before, anddeuly begins to crouch and step backward, step by step, trembling and shivering, and at last erouches down in the chimney, without even so mnch as looking at his master. The man shuns the door shut again, but there comebemimude the cabin, aad it auVtenta Uk man looks around and sees everything quiet that he get* up, without sneaking, aad makes adaahfarthe door, and tears round outside tbe esbin Hffi mad, bat finds nothing hut aBenee and darkness. Then he comes back awearinewnd tnDs the dog. But that great yeDowlsgthat the beys woald have staked all their asm on n crouching under the tamk. aad had to be dragged art lfte a coon from a hsllovrtiue.aad Kes there, bis eyes start ing from their sockets ; every limb and muscle qui»«Miag with fear, aad iss very hair drawn up in bmcMag ridges. The man cans him to the door. He draga baaaeU a few steps, stops, smaa. and refases toga further. The aasncafls him again, with an oath aad a threat. Thee, what does that yellow dog do? himself agamatfeae bunk tin he's flatter than a knife state; then, half-way, be atopa. Then that d— d yellow dog begina to walk gingerly— fitting each foot up in tbe air, one after the other, atm trembling m every Sab. Then be stops agam. Then he crouches. atrajgat forward, bat up.— clearing the floor ?O.er mmetbiBg,' iaterrupted tbe Judge, hastily, yfbne UmanV an fcii dbow. The Daeluratanped matautly. -Jaan,' be aaid coolly, to one of tbe Mexican packet*. 'sat foeba' with that rasta. You'll have that stake oat and that awde loose is aaather samate. Come over this way r Tbe Mexican turaed a scared, white face to the Dsctor. maUaiufe awai tiling, and let go the deer-akia mde. We aU ap-nised aar nicm with eae accord, the Judge moat pfwiiti allj aad aiwanrila sTlj — A ^fi*— | theDactortogoea. ' TH shoot the first nun who immaiKs you again/ added Theratua, Bat tbe Doctor, with has bands bmgaaOy under Us bead, had has Us interest -Well, ta* dog ran off to tbe bflla, and aeitfaer the threat, nor cajoleries of Ins master coald ever aaske him eacerthe caam team. Tbe next day tbe man left the camp. What time «it? Getting on to anndowa, aiutit? EeepenTary leg, wfll you, you d— d Greaser, and atop -«—? fcK-r round there! lie down. ' Bat we knew that the Doctor bad not com pletely finished Us story, and we waited patiently for the coadasiea- Meaawhaethe oUgraysaence of the woods agam asserted itself, bat shadows were now beginning to gather m the heavy bessm of tbe room sbove, aad the dim aiakB aeeeaed to be aarrewaag and c&asugm; around ma. Presently tte Doctor v^aeMaeKallaauy.aa if ae raterraptx. had ' As 1 aaid before, I aenr pat much faith in that story, andahoaldnt have told it, but far waaiathTa^rmg'2'^aad I^aiase'af a farcy of fsar, eounag ap bam OTOcaTe, wbea we had been showed an. It was awful weather; the snow had efcaaged toafcetaad nun aafter vre cxoBuusd taK -iii'suiL- ad uBM wstzr ins **tal tsns7vlu4.it ; uswety tfatcfan wVarcecK, every creek a river. We bad last torn bones on the Berth Fork, we were dead beat, effthe bail, aad slashing round, unthaaehtcasring on, level haaGke shot la car faces. Things were koldagtaeak and scary wbea, ridmgaEttte aaKedV the party, I saw a light twiikli-e in a bollow beyond. My herae was stiB fresh, and caning eut to the boys to follow aae and bear for As fagbt, I exnek oat for it In another moaieut I was before a tittle cabin that half burrowed in the fcbek ehapparal ; I dismounted and rapped at tbe door. There was ao response. I then tried to force the door. but it was faafaaed aecardy from whzsa. I was all the more surprised when ok of the bsys. who bad overtaken me, told me that he had just an through a window a man reading by tbe fire. T-Jifj— t at tins against? the door, at theaauK time raising our angry von** to a yell. Suddenly then was a aidck reapone, tbe hurried withdrawing of a bait, and the door opened. -Tbe oceupant was a short, ihkk-set man. with a pale, careworn face, whose prevailing expression waa one of gentle good humour and patient suffering. When we entered, he asked us hastily why we had not 'sung out' ''But we fcmfcaT I asid, pnaentiy. 'and almost drove your door in.' ''That's nothing,' he aaid, patiently. ?Tm used to cast.' ' f looked agam at the nun's patkat, fateful face, aad then around the cabin. In an instant the whole situation Sashed before me. 'Are we not near Cave City?' I asked. ''Tea,' he repked, 'its jast below. Ton must have passed it in the storm.' ''tsee.' I again looted round the cabin. 'taut this what they call the haunted boose r 'He looked at me curiously. 'It is,' he said, simply. 'You can imagine my defight! Here was an opportunity to test the whole story, to work down to the bed rock, and see how it would pan oat ! We were too many and too veD armed to fear tricks or dangers from outsidera. If— as one theory had been held— the disturbance was kept up by a band of concealed marauders or road agents, whose purpose was to preserve their hannte from intrusion, we were quite able to pay them back in kind for any assault I need not say that the boys were delighted with this prospect when tbe fact was revealed to them. Tbe only one doubtful or apathetic suuit tiiere n- vox bast, who qiuslaiy resumed his seat and hubsok, with bis old expresskm of patient umlytdom. It would have been easy for me to have drawn him out, but I felt that I did not want to corroborate anybody else's experience ; only to record my own. Aad I thought it better to keep the boys from ?cy predisposing terron. ' We ate oar aapper, and then eat, patiently and T-l— '''^j around tie fire. An hour slipped away, bat ao disturbance ; another hour passed as monotonously. Osrhostnad hut bookTouIy the dash of ia3 against the roof broke the silence. But-' The Doctor stopped. Since the last inter ruptiou, I noticed he had changed the easy artistic, and even studied manner. He dropped now suddenly intr Us old oo&oqmal; apaeeh. and owkxly said : 'If youdou'touit stambbng over those rautot, Juan, IH hobble jou. Osuk here, there; be down, will your He all turned fiercely on the cease of this second dangerous interruption, but a sight of the poor feBow'e pahs and frightened face withheld oar vindictive tongues. And the Doctor, happily, of his on accord, went 'Bat I bad forgotten that it n ao easy matter to keep these biri-^iritecl boys, beat on a row, in decent subjection ; aad after the uatura how {wbbo wxtsbourt a wKptottxcti d walijitMsm, I 4jtjaKll«ta, ffOOl. tXltUMl WatwaCi aatwal WaaaaapsBTS, llaawli titty WGTC s3*afcs5OBlIlCi waOCBtaTaP iodjeatjomof their own. Tn ifn ?sisairts visieut tappings were heard from aU parts of the caba;laree stones (adroitly thrown up tbe etdmney) feB with a heavy tbad en the roof. Strange sjroaaxsaa^ommous yells aeemed to come from tbe oulaide (where the mtenfatcos I between O* lags were wide enough). Yet. I through all tins uproar, our best sat stiB aad patient, with aoaigu of md^matisn or reproach upon hm good -humoured but haggard testa™. llifiai IravL illn 1 isu evident that thaiexhi bitaaawasexenanlyfor bis benefit. Osmur the taut dawmae af aakmg lam to aatat them, in eMCOveriag Or disturben aataafe the eabia, those inaide took advantage af his aaataee to ton taecabm topsy-turvy. '' Ton aee what the spirits have done, old man.' asid the arch leader af this auseaief. \- They've upset that there flour haoel sale we wasut looking, aad then kicked everthe water jug aad apaVduB the araterf ' The patient man lifted his head aad leaked at the Sour-strewn walls. Then be lliai 1 i dawn at the floor, bat drew back with a aught tremor. ? - It amt water T he and, crofly. ''Whatssaetnen^ ?' It? « BLBOD ! Look f The ?'????* sfeaa save a aaadea atart aad sank hack white as aebeet 'lor there, gniHimni, an the floor, just before the doer, where the old man had seen the dag hesitate aad Eft ha feat, there i— widened aad braade^Ta^ark red pool af baman blood! Stop Inm ! Qmck ! Stop mm, f **Ttere waa a. bunding Oaah that Bt ap the park waous, aad a abort naatt ' I7be» we reached the Doctor's aide he was balding the amokmgpiatol, just discharged, m aae hand, whge with the utber he mm |inialiat,to the rapidly uauuapearmg figare uf Jean, oar M-~**^ vaaumm* ?Mawed han - by G— d f saai the Ssetor. ?Bat yos hear him? Did yam aee hk Evil face as he rose ap at tbe amaeaf Used* Dul yoa en bs guDty masriram ia has face. Eh» Why don't you apeak* What are yen ?Was it the amgueredmmi'sgboat, Doctor T we sS paatco m -ne taajts lauraBta. ?Gbestbed— d'Ko! But in that Mencau vasaers— that cursed Jaaa Baanrer. ! —I saw aad abet at his murderer F-^Bref fiartc 