MELBOURNE. (FROMOUBOWKGORSXSPOHDKHT.) Friday Evening. So poor old " Ballarat Joe " has ground out his last tune, and will never enliven our etreet* with his excellent music machine any more! That is if a friend is correct wbo supplied me with the information that the J. Chad wick in whose estate yesterday prpbate was granted for £490 was the veritable organ-grinder wbo for so many years past has been known in Melbourne, and also, I believe, in Ballarat, as "the owner of one of the best street instruments la the colony. I am told that Joe loved the kind of street music which be was accustomed to discourse with more than a mere mercenary affection, and that be would even sometimes stop his own organ to listen to a grinder who, he would good-naturedly say, 41 ought to get a chance as well as himself.' 1 Joe was never satisfied without having an instrument that combined "all the latest improvements," and it is well-known th&t; he made several voyages to England in order to obtain the best "grinder" that could be bad for money. On one of these trips he was wrecked, and lost a valpable organ that be had with hfo at the time; a misfortune of which, by the way, be cleverly made capital on bis return. Years ago be was well«known in Ballarat as "Joe the Bellman," and in tbe position be then filled be did good service to the knights of the hammer by .whom be wu employed. Joe was an old soldier, and in his youthful days saw some eervice. The neat and cleanly habits acquired in the ranks he sever Jpst, and. his study was always to keep his hat and boots well polished and fit for parade. Persistent in his appeals to his street audiences for encouragement in the way of coppers or *nml! silver, he was ia tbe main, and unless irritated by a discourteous refusal, cavil and respectful, and be found bis reward in the open-hearted liberality of many ol bis patrons. Last, but not Joe *« honest as the day, and prided fcim* self upon paying bis way, and owing nothing. "Take him for all in all," there are many worse men occupying better positions than that now Tacated by " Ballarat Joe ? and although be has left us far a world where street organs are no more, there is ground for hoping that his prospects of listening to the strains of a better and more heavenly music are no worse than those of the bulk of the feUow-mortals whom he has left behind him, —A„, deput&ticm; Warrnambool, comprising Mr Sbevel (mayor of that borough), Mr Kerr (the town surveyor), and a cumber of other gentlemen, «na accompanied by the Hon. J. G. Francis and Mr Styles, Ml. A., waited upon the hon. tbe Commissioner of Public Works this afternoon on the subject of the harbor improvement* of the port. Mr Francis, in introducing the deputation, said that his constituents at Warrnambool merely wasted what was jost and right Sn the matter, and were anxious to have an expression of opinion from the Government as to tbe course proposed to be taken in reference to Sir John Cooae'a scheme. It was urged Jby the deputation that a portion of that eminent engineer's plan should be carried out at a cost of about £100,000, for which sam works could be constructed that would be sufficient for the requirements of the port for the next fifty years, while in connection with tbe feet of the scheme proposed to be proceeded with, some use would be made of that portion of the breakwater already constructed. Mr Patterson, however, expressed the opinion that it would be highly injudicious lor the Government to take up a part of Sir John Cootie*! acheme, unless they were prepared to undertake the responsibility of carrying it cut in its entirety et a total cost of about £180,000. He therefore absolutely declined to adopt tbe suggestion without previous reference to SI JohnCoode FRFRWF and contended 'that eo nracfr money bad already been thrown away on-tfar Wamnunbool Irak* "water, that be was indisposed to iriak lurlhBr expenditure, whaartaight h&T;£._& Jhzular result. After a long conversation, he promised to submit the views of the deputation, in the first pboeta ^^^Sttts, «&d; ultimately to Sir John Coode i In 4b* Unemployed Board fauttgrisea foriy-one •WBtwnal names at men aeddng woric una I recommended sixteen for railway passes to proceed op country. Answers to the board's circular of enquiry were received this morning from the City Council of Ballarat, tbe Town Council of Geelong, and the borough of Beathcote. The Ballarat reply U to the effect that the want of employment, and consequent distress, in that city is not apparently greater than usual at this time of year, which it is stated that many works could be undertaken there, if means were available, although local labor would suffice. Plenty of persons are stated to be seeking municipal work. The answer from Geelong is a curiosity in its way, as the town council, alter mentioning that there are from 150 to 200 men out of work in the municipality, proceed to call the attention of the board to a number of local requirements, including a new police court, a new post and telegraph office, tbe extension and improvement of the wharves, and the completion of the Stony Creek water scheme, attention to which wants tbe council think would absorb a good deal of the labor for which an outlet is required. They also state that they are about to erect an Exhibition building, for which work a number of men will be required. The reply from Heathcote, while throwing a great deal of light upon tbe labor question* generally, contains a gentle bint to the effect that tbe much-wished-for construction of a line of rait way to that place would greatly tend to reduce the number of the unemployed. Amongst tbe witnesses examined by the board to-day was Mr J. Bunule, tbe well-known agricultural implement maker, whose evjdeBce quite bore oat tbe view that an unusual degree of depression exists here , just now. He eaid that owing to the scarcity of work caused by the badness of the season, be was employing thirty less men fhflP usual, and those actually employed were only working 7- 8th time. He did not think that a great deal ol capital had left the colony, but was of opinion that a large amount of money was locked up and awaiting profitable investment, de suggested that the Government should findwork for the unemployed at wages somewhat below the market rates. Two carpenters were examined, and agreed in stating that nearly half the members of their trade were at present out of work. An elderly man named Samuel Gordon, by profession a civil and mining engineer, volunteered the suggestion th&t; all the closed roads throughout the colony should be thrown open, thus causing a large demand for laborers to fence them in. The board at its rising adjourned till Monday. A deputation from the Ballarat Turf CI ah, — traduced by Major Smith and Mr Fincham MX.A~, waited upon the hon. the Chief Secretary to-day, to urge the construction of a short branch line of railway to the Ballarat racecourse. It was stated that the proposal had already been brought under tbe notice of Mr Woods, and that an offer had even been ade to findthe money for making tbe line withut asking tbe Government for it; but that no atisfactory promise could be obtained from that entleman. Mr Berty, in reply to the request, aid that the present was an unfortunate time to sk for the construction of the line, as he was educing the estimates as much as possible, and herefore could not see his way to findthe £7000 hat would be required for the work. He intiaied, however, that in his opinion the line would ave to be made some day, although the state of he financeswould not allow of the expenditure at resent. Br M'Crae, who is retiring from tbe post of hief medical officer to the Government, was aited upon to-day by a number of gentlemen reresenting the Central Board of Health and other ieude, &ud; presented with a handsome ormolu, clock, a candelabra, and an illuminated address. The address, which was highly eulogistic of the worthy doctor's career, was read by Dr Youl. The recipient briefly replied, heartily thanking his friends for their address and handsome souvenirs. The hearing of a charge against Constable Peter B&ttigan;, of assaulting Mr J. F. Tennent, was resumed in the City Police Court to-day. Several witnesses called for the defence stated that tbe defendant did not strike Mr Tennent; but after a long deliberation, the mayor announced that the majority of the bench was of opinion that an assault bad been committed, and fined Battigan £5, or one month. The magistrates refused to increase the fine to give the defendant an opportunity of appealing. A numerous deputation of graziers, tanners, meat preservers, saddlers, and others interested in tbe tax on live stock, accompanied by Messrs LyeU, Story, Laurens, MacBaio, and Fergusson, MX.A., waited on the hon. tbe Chief Secretary today, to ask for the abolition of tbe impost. It was urged by the deputation that the impobition of the tax had not benefited the revenue in the slightest degree, as amongst its other injurious effects it had caused a falling-oil of £15,000 in tbe railway returns. To tbe fdlmongers in particular tbe tax meant almost total ruin, and since its extence about 500 hands in that trade had been dismissed. The saddlers were also great sufferers by the tax. while it had much restricted the operations of tbe meat-preserving companies, and prevented them from giving employment to a luge number of workmen. It was also pointed out that the removal of the tax would greatly facilitate the settlement of the border duty question. Mr Berry, in reply, said that while he admitted the force of some of tbe statements laid before him, he was at a loss to eee how the want of employment on the part of the saddlers and others could be caused by the stock tax. He maintained that, upon the whole, tbe tax .was a fair and equitable one, and, while it protected the Victorian graziers, it brought in a revenue of £30,000. Mr Berry concluded by promising to bring the requestunder the notice of his colleagues, clearly intimating, however, that, personally, he was altogether opposed to the repeal of | the impost. Xn the Equity Court to-day, arguments in re the petition for winding-up the Provincial and Suburban Bank were resumed and concluded, and judgment was reserved. TBy Electric Telegraph.] Eleven o'clock p.m. At a reception tendered to Professor Pepper at the Atbenscum to-night, there was a large number of ladies and gentlemen present. The professor gave an outline of the course of his scientific entertainments. He said he could hardly expect to teach scientific men here anything, but he wished to join them in their work of scientific education. lie bad brought five waggon-loads of apparatus to illustrate his lectures, and would exhibit modern metempsychosis, the nearest approach to a miracle, in the way of raising ghosts, that could be imagined; the latest development of the electric light, telephone, and microscope. Dissolving views, &c; , would also be exhibited. He alluded to the good results which had attended lectures at the Polytechnic in London, and the interest taken la than by leading persons at home. He hoped to be able to induce tbe people here to start a polytechnic also. He was frequently applauded ia tbe course of his remarks,and accorded a cordial vote of thanks at the dose. The police have received information that Mr William Connor, after drinking heavily, wandered away from the Harlos Hills station, in the Western district Every search has been made for him. without success, and it is supposed be has perished in the bush. 