TURF NOTES. By WHALEBONE. THE Rockhampton Jockey Club advertise a Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run at the winter meeting, 1883. The conditions—much more liberal than heretofore—are as under :—A sweep- stakes of 5 soys. from starters, with 5 sots, each from the owners of subscribing tires, and 100 sots, added by the club, for two-year-olds, the produce of stallions subscribed for. Colts, Bst. 71b.; fillies, Bst. 41b.; no allowance to geldings— what will our New South Wales reformers say to this clause f—one mile ; second horse 10 per oent and third 5 per cent on gross amount of prize. December 1, the date fixed, is rather late in the year for nominating sires to cover mares during the current season. Owners like to know what Htallions are subscribers to a stake of this kind before sending their mares to be served, and they are materially influenced in their choice of a covering sire by the fact of his being or not being nominated for a produce stakes. Other things being equal, the service of a nominated sire is worth double, treble, or fourfold as much as that of a stallion not subscribed for. In Decem ber most mares have been already covered, and when the first of the month comes round it will be a disappointment to many to find that their mares have been served by non-subscribing sires, and to know that their progeny will be worth little compared with the foals got by nominated stallions. A sires' produce stakes should not close later than October, and few of our leading dobs in the colonies leave it so late as that. This vigorous Northern club, I hear, iotends holding a summer meeting on its own raoeoourse, and under its own auspices, about Christmas time. Heretofore the Christmas or New Tear gatherings at Capricornia have been scratch affair*, got up independently of the R J.C., and I am glad to see the proper authority taking the local racing into its own hands. After his Cooktown defeat, for which the ex cuse is made of an accident in transit to'the North, old Nemo retires into harem life, a> d serves mares at the fee of seven guineas. So well bred a horse, and so good a performer, should get good racing stock, and as his shapes are ex cellent, and he is Bound in wind and limb, he ought to be a successful sire for general stud purposes. He is by Kyogle out of Fair Helen, by Lord of the Hills (imp.) out of Diamond, by Gratis (imp.), and has thus two strains of Touch stone in his veins, derived from William Tell and Lord of the Hills, both sons of that great Cup herse and Leger winner ; while Kyogle's dam, Cassandra, dam of Camden, Calliope, Ramornie, and Yattendon, was a grand-daughter of Priam, one of EmiliuB1 beat sons ; and if this is not first* class racing blood I don't know what is. A sporting match has been made in the North for £200 a side between ft couple of Cooktown hones, both of whom distinguished themselves at the late annual meeting—Mr. Chick's gray gelding Johnny Smoker, winner of the Ladies' and Publicans' purses and the Forced handicap, and Mr. Wallace's gray gelding Doubtful, winner of the Cooktown " double ;" distance, two miles; weight, 9st 31b. each. The affair is to corns off this side of Christmas, and I fancy Johnny will be the conquering hero. The advertising columns of the Queentlander are fast becoming an interesting study, as they fill with thoroughbred sires of all sorts of strains. Talk o' the Vale stands again at Charlotte Plains, and he is so good-looking a hone that one wishes more was recorded about his dam, for, though there is no doubt of his purity of blood, the absence of full particulars of one Bide of the house makes it a lottery to breed from him with racehorses in view. Messn. Macartney and Mayne are stronger than ever, and they adver tise some rare blood in Hooton and Richard, late purchases from the other colonies, while Athel stein, Argus, and Sackbut are apparently bred by the firm. Athelstein is by Selim (son of Farhan —imp. Arab) out of Tully Athol by Cossack ; Arguß by the defunct Alarm (son of Panic) out of a Bladensburgmare, The Queen ; and Sackbut by Pundit out of Cymbal. Is this Pundit the Burnett horse got by The Barb out of Charity, by New Warrior, and bred by Mr. F. Reynolds, N.S. Wales, in 1872? Bletchington stands again at Waterview, near Townsville, in company with Apollo, advertised as an " Arab Btallion," but cer tainly not a purebred Eastern hone. Epigram and Laureate serve as usual, the former at the. Orange and the latter at Buaraba. Hyperion appears again, and takes legitimate advantage of: his relationship to Baronet, which should seoure him some patronage. Charles the First and hi» son Frolic serve at Morayfield, Caboolture ; the son's championship at the late National show having brought the pair a measure of fame. Elastic's half-brother, Emigrant, stands at Nindooinbah, on the Logan. That beautifully bred and good-looking Sir Hercules holds his court again at Gatton ; and Tarn O'Shanter, as nicely bred as the best of them, " incurs no re* sponsibility" at Clifton, Caboolture. Mr. De Burgh Persse strikes out an original line for him self, and advertises a roadster or trotter in the impoasible-to-pronounce Cetywayo; and Mr. John W.Zillman, of Flagstone, is represented by a gray roadster stallion, Saracen, whom visitors to the exhibition of 1876 will reoollect as a very promising dark-gray Silver Fox foal running in the ring at the foot of his mother, a big loose roomy though rather coarse mare, Lucy, by Chester Emperor. Although the nomination of sires for the Maryborough Sires' Produce Stakes closed on the 4th, the secretary has not famished me with, a list of the horses named. From another source I learn that nine or ten stallions have been sub scribed for, though I am not at liberty to publish the names. It is possible that the entries will not finally close until sufficient time has elapsed to allow of nominations posted up country before the 4th instant coming into the secretary s, hands. I have made arrangements for the earliest' official information, so that owners of mares may exercise their choice at once in selecting suitable stallions. English telegrams record the victory of Mr Oretton's four-year-old colt Isonomy in the Doncaster Cup, one of. the three classic weight* for-age races m the old country. Jannette, the test three-year-old of 1878, and winner of the St. Leger, Oaks, and Champion Stakes, ran' second, and the Blair Athol horse, Glendale, third. The winner is probably the best stayer in England since Hampton began to decline, and is possibly the best horse in the world at two miles, ana upwards. The sporting papers from home give details of the doings at Goodwood, where Peter (3 yean, Bst)—disqualified by the death of General Peel for the Derby—winner of the Middle Park Plate, and got by Hermit, won the Stewards' Cup, a handicap of 300 soys., 6 furlongs, in lmin. 19 sec. Twenty- nine ran. Parole was never in the hunt in the Goodwood Cop, although in receipt of 2 yean and 131b. from the winner ; but the American contingent seems to be formidable, notwithstanding the bunting of the Parole bubble. The Duke of Westminster, grandson of that duke who occu pies a niche in history as the owner of the brothen Touchstone and Launcelot, bids fair to follow in his ancestor's footsteps at last, his two year-old chestnut colt Bend Or having won the Richmond Stakes of 500 soys., added to a sweep. stakes of 25 soys. each, 10 forfeit. The winner (bred in 1877 by his owner) was got by Don* caster out of Rouge Rose, and it wUI be reool lected that Doncaster was sold by Robert Peck to the duke for 14,000 guineas, or thereabouts. A man who pays that price for a stallion whose racing career is over deserves an early victory with one of his get. The Murrumbidgee meeting was a highly suc cessful one ; good horses and good racing. The Derby was won by Mr. Loder's colt The Pontiff, who was a class above the horses next him at the finish, and is a credit to his sire The Drum mer. The Wagga Cup I have already noticed. The Produce Stakes fell to Britannia—probably a bay filly by The Drummer out of the imported Cathedral mare Britannia. In the Grand Stand Stakes, Belladrum gave Gib. and a beating to the second in last jeai'a Maribyrnong Plate, Baroness, and thereby showed himself a good horse at the distance ; for, though Mr. Loder's filly never ran up to her " Plate " form since the Flemington spring meeting, she has shown her . self a good filly oo mom than one occasion, her Becond to Chorister, giving him nearer 2st. than Ist., being a more respectable (lerformance than many imagined at the time ; while her victory in the mile handicap, on the third day st Murrum bidgee, with Gipsy Cooper behind her, shows that she still possesses no mean racing ability. The unlucky Drum Major ran recond to Aristocrat in the Prince of Wales Stakes, and he must be about the wont, or at least the moat unreliable, of the Drummer's stock. Swiveller ran a great hone in the Town Plate, having Belladrum and The Pontiff in waiting at the finish ; and the Steeplechase ended, as such affain too often do end in Australia, in a moat sorry exhibition and a degrading one. When will turf clubs cease to encourage these pitiful contest*) between wteds and cripples, wore fib for the parka or knacker's yard than a racecourse '{ .. .. Jn your correspondent's cojumo. on.Saturday, the.27th ultimo, MJ, Carey" (Maryborough)' receives the following answer to a question :■; "We know of no horae named Old Kings ton. Probably you mean the original Kings ton, sire of the bay horse of the same name, imported to New South Wales as a yearling in 1861. Mr. Blenkiron'a horse, who was a Derby winner, was a son of Venison out of England's Beauty, by Birdcatcher—Prairie Bird, by Touchstone—Zillah, by Reveller." Mr. Blenkiron'a Kingston never won the Derby; that race was never won by a hone of the name. Nor is the pedigree of Mr. Blenkiron's Kingston given correctly ; he was got by Venison, but his dam was Queen Anne, by Slane. Imported Kingston's dam was England's Beauty, by Irish Bird catcher, &c.; ["Whalebone" is quite right. We inajd- Tertly gave the pedigree of the sire of the colonial .Kingston instead of the pedigree of the horse ito which we supposed our correspondent referred.'— Spobtinq Ed. Q.] ; • Cooper's PUaoa races are announced, in the 11 calendar of races to come," for November 10, on which date the holiday in honor of the Prince of Wales' birthday will be kept—the 9th being on a Sunday. I have seen no programme yet, but there is plenty of time, for the promise of a day's racing—with good prizes for nags of all olawes—under the auspices of the Q.T.C., will keep homes hi work from now to the end of the .year. . , The tide of racing is now at its lowest ebb ,in this colony; but, to change the figure, tjhe winter of our discontent is glorious summer ( to our Southern sister Victoria, where race meeting to race meeting succeeds in rapid succession, and each of high class, during the. next five months, for we may include the Tasmanian gatherings, in the Victorian circuit. In New South Wales the game will be rather tame until December J3, when the Exhibition meeting comes off, though, by the way, they generally manage a nice .country meeting at Shoalhaven ; but until the New Year, indeed aa far on into tihe autumn as the firs* week in March, Vie toria claims the lion's share of attention, ajad absorbs nearly all racing interest. The writer of these notes would feellike one who treads a}one some banquet hall, deserted, whose light* are fled, whose garland* dead, and all but he de parted, were it not for the assurance ot sympaiihy from his country readers, who like himself fire fastened to their stake and cannot fly. And. nbw that our own Cup, and the Derby, and the Two year-old Stakes are over and done with; vow that there is no object in life for us Queenslandera who may not migrate South ; when no information; on turf topic* cames in from North or South, or glq wing West or East—as poor Henry Kendall has it; in that unhappy Exhibition poem, which reminds me more of a force-pump with a weak valve s'nd laok of grease than of anything else—it' i» legiti mate to turn for some measure of consolation to the great handicap of Australia, and forget < >ur sorrows in the cup that inebriates a hundret, I fear, far every one that it cheers. I allude to lie Melbourne Cup, which wijl be run in a Uttjle oVer twee week* from to-day. If the beating be a guide, the easiest of winners on record will be Seoundus, who is at exactly half the odd*, lO,t< 1, offered against anything else; while the " runi en up" will be Le Loup, Bst 41b.; Suwtrrow, <l«t. lib., at 100 to 6 each; with Sweetmeat, 6at. 13 b.; South Hamilton, flat. 121b.; and Falmouth, 11st 4H>*i »t a point more—hundreds to four. At present there are seventy-nine left in;. fi>m Cheater, Gat. JOib, down ta a batch f| Itl handicapped at 6et 71b.—».«., 4st 316., or 31b. more than Jcwt. below him. Chester of coarse is reckoned by the handieappera the beat qf the five-year-olda, at about 21b. over bis weight, tor-age; Bosworth the best of the three, year-olds, at Sat 51b,, or 91b, under his weight-for-age; Baronet and Avernus, the pick of the three-year-olds, at 7st lib. each, or about 31b. over their weight-for-age; while of those over five years, Richmond, at 9st 31b., is of course most highly esteemed. This we.ek, how ever, I propose to deal only with the higher weights, ranging from Chester down to Warlock, the last of five who have the burden of 7et. 71b. to carry ; and of this lot I have no hesitation in saying I like Warlock best, at glib, less than his weight-for-age. He is a Kelpie colt, who was very near the top of the tree as a three-year-old, and unless he meets with some unforeseen accident he is sure to be a better four-year-old. Boa worth, in Bst 51b., has a little too much to make his chance a very rosy one, though I think he hold* all those above him safe enough, as we may look for more improvement in him than in any of the others. Newminater is a better horse, even over a two-mile course, than very many imagine him to be, and there is little doubt he should have won his Derby ; but I am not very ■anguine about him here, a horse I like much better being Le Loup, whom we never yet saw at his best, I am convinced, though he ran an excellent horse, when far from as fit as he could be made, at the Randwick autumn meeting, on two occasions—namely, when he beat Wellington in the Cumberland, and when he ran second to Petrea in the Autumn Maiden Stakes, which he lost by only half a length, after a close race; giving the filly less than weight-for-age it is true for she carried a penalty that raised her weight to 6«t. 111b., Le Loup's impost being Bst 131b.; but behind the leading pair were The Baroness, 6st lib., and Avernus, then at the zenith of his two year-old fame, 6st. 31b. In the Cumberland Stokes, though beaten by Chester, the crack had to race to win, and Le Loup was a long way in front of Wellington, to whom he was giving 161b. On the last day he finished in front of Bosworth, but I attach no great importance to the order in which the three finished for the A.J.C. Plate, three miles, which was only run for about a third of the distance, the chrono graph showing 6tnin. 40scc as Chester passed the post. Excuses were made fur the poor figure cut by the champion, and we may accept them as valid ; but excuses were also offered for Le Loup's defeats which are entitled to equal con sideration. Tocal now and again runs a very good animal, but I don't fancy a Barb for a Mel bourne Cup. Wellington will run better this spring than he ran in the autumn, when he was far from himself, and the older they grow the better the Panics run. Democrat has a nice weight to carry, bat his Metropolitan and Sydney Cup victories, to my mind, proved h\s greaf goyd luck JTUthsr than, hia merit.' AnnovcY_fit)csn't h'ke ; two mileß, and Lochleigh I don't care for until he has done the. good thing he has been going to.do 80 long. Str&thearn; lost his chance of Cup immortality when he went wrong la*t year, and I don't expect him to be in the first three this time, for the Barbs don't.improve, bat rather get worse, with age. Tom Kirk and Columbus are a dangerous pair to be dead against, still I don't think they are either of them quite up to winning a handicap of this calibre. Levant, on his running with Richmond in South Aus tralia, is very favorably handicapped, for, if Mr. Jellett's old champion has the ghost of a chance at 9et 31b., Levant is a certain winner, on paper, at 241b. less.; still I think the hundicapper was right in his " reckoning up" of the pair, and indeed it is difficult to account for Richmond's weight being an ounce less than lOat Savanaka at level weights with Richmond is sure to find backers, but, as he is a money-making or gambling machine rather thnn a racehorse, 1-decline, us a discreet and prudent prophet, to any a word lor or against him. Of the above lot t like Le Loup, Bosworth, Wellington, Richmond, and Warlock best at present; the champion is doing rattling good work, and stands it gallantly. In my final Cup notes these generals of division will be nub mitted to a weeding process. Next week I pro pose to take the brilliant Tot handicapped between 7at 71b. and 6st 71b. 