A PRAYER. To be miid before the GeacnA Tkaijagtmng at Morning and Evening Benin m 8tmdaif,thel-tJtt«t,l«i9. u JLiora Uod Almighty, Who doest according to Thy will in the wany M heaven and among the inhabitants of the earth, we offer unto Thee our prayers and rappucataons on behalf of this Colony. Remember not against us the sins and. in iqnities of onr fathers, yn»if|m»- -jnr own abuses of Thy goodness and forebearance towards us. Deal sot with us according to -oar desernngs, bat look mens&dly; upon as from heaven and bless ub. Preserve us ixout the pestQenee tint walketh In H«A™ag and from tbe sickness that destroyeth at noon-day. Take away from amongst us all hatred and prejudice, and whatsoever else nay hinder us from godly living and concord. Let the enemy have no advantage over us, nor the wicked approach to hnrt as. Make die trees of the field to yield their fruit to us, and tbe earth her increase ; and cause ihe shower to come down in its season. Let peace be within oar walls, and {tknteonsuess within our palaces. Let Thy wisdom direct the counsels of our Rulers, and Thy blessing be on all our undertakings. Be Thou Thyself our safeguard in all dangers and difficulties, and so purify our hearts by Thy grace that we may be indeed Thy people, and that Thou mayest be evermore our God to be nigh onto us in all that we call upon Thee foi, through Jesus Christ, our only Mediator and Advocate. — Amen. After the General Thanksgiving snail be said this Thanksgivuig. O most gracious Lord God, Whose mercy is over all Thy works, we render unto Thee our sacrifice for Thy watchful care over this Colony, and for Thy mani fold goodness to us, and our fathers during the years that are past Make as truly sensible of Thy mercies year by year renewed to us, and ever mindful that we depend entirely upon Thee and Thy con tinual preservation and providence over us for aU good things both of die life that no«r is and the life that is to come. Grant us henceforth to walk worthy of our calling as a Christian people, shewing forth our thankfulness unto Thee by obediently following Thy holy command ments, and studying to serve Thee in holiness and righteousness all the days of our lives, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to Whom with thee and the Holy Ghost be all honor and glory world without end. — Amen. The ' Thanksgiving for Rain ' mar be added. H. H. P. 