The Terrible Vear- 188Ir^'' The Record Union, 7tb March, rB*yg - Professor Norton, of the. ptate ;Nonjaal School, San Francisco, lectured -before the Sacramento County Teachers' ^ Institute last night, upon the very ^Im^resting snbject of 'The Planetary Cojyunclipni. of 1881.' The prediction , ofo-astronomere 1 that 1881 will occur the c&kijtinction; of nearly all the great planetSjhjfenfebtagam to the surface 4he old- p'rpphacy of, Mother Shipton, and a score: of other birds of ill omen, who; backed by the recent appearance of the j)]ague, have predicted the most awfti' state, of. affairs'; to be inaugurated in, 1881, and to con tinue till 1887, ' during' which fearfnl epidemics shall prevail, crimc /multiply, the elements conlinue , in .constat^.' and awful perturbation, , .floods '.overwhelm^ earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, the earth open and swallow up towps, tornadoes sweep round the world,, and all water? Income , poison, and the devil be loosed iu reality -to 'work more desolation and min in all the earth. Lately in this j ?tate a so-called Professor has issued a j l»ook in which he hap-prpphosjed, from &? conjunction of JS'eptune, {Saturn, Jupiter, , the Farth, and Mars, that there shall occnr all ' the foregoing recited; and a hundred other woes fall upon the earth, and thnt tbe devilry and destruction is to begin in 1881. Professor Norton, however, does .not believe these things, aud his lecture .was intended to show, the reason of his faith. He illustrated his remarks with diagrams thrown npon the wall by means of a jnagir lantern. He began by saying that, we are never satisfied with things now present.. The world ; is . eTer looking Inrkivard to the good old time, or forward to (be «iooil time coming. Some how i'lle forward outlook is never cahq and eloudli-ss. It is also natural that .men -sl-«-nld look to pivotal events in natuie, siirl, as the completion of astronomical eyh «, as Ix^ing likely to involve great (. nsrs in human The remarkable j-l:.j.eiaiy appot- ... of the .year lftSl has esperl^y j - to hnman superstition :.iid imngh.i'tion. The Iccturer here read ?xi rju.'ts fjom . a recently published ,* iilvt ' ntitled 'The Voice of tbe Klurs.' whirh foretold a series of terrible disasters as likely to occur between the ! years 1880 and 1887, including the anni hilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15 000,000 Americans from the plague; t- rriblc stomis, . earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, famines, &c.; The prophecies of Agatha 6hipton, fonmirnly known as Mother Shipton,. who lived at Knareslwough, Yorkshire, in the reijrH of Henry Y3I., seem to beat the modern Zadkiel hollow. Some of those 1 have been thus rendered : — Ploughed with ewnrde the earth shall be, | And Hoi'd will miajJe with tbe «e&, { 0 ieot Accideale in the .world will fill, j Aud carriages without hortce'go - | Whilst, in tbe twinkling of an eye, Aroupd the world our tfaoRghtB will fly. In Kugland now will come to para A house that shall be bnilt of fflass, . State and State, in most deadly strife ; Tl.'ii] fight and seek each other s life ; Then, w ^eii the North divide* the South, The eagle will build in the lion'a mouth. Three tt rant rulers France aball aee, And each of a different dynasty. Hut. wheu the gieater fight he done, Fiance and England shall be as one. In the water shall iion float. The same as now a wooden boat * More w t dfeis still shall water do^ , AtiiVf ufrluial yet aduiit a Jew. (j' ld and li hes will be shown, 1 In n land that's not uow known. I Under riverft men shall walk, . I Shall ride. tJiall ele^p, and ahall tajk. | Over a wild nnd rfcvmy tea 1 Shall a robh* sail,. : Who to find, will not. fail, j A new and a fair couotree. r rotn whence he shall bring, A herut and a roolj * ' Thnt .all men »hall suit, And tfpBhi hoth ploughman and king, j And let t em tahe no more than measure, Beth shall have the even pleasore. The world to an eud shall come In eight^eu hundred and eight--one. , ?Sir Walter Tlolelgh fTobftcco {Potatoes I He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi ] Smith's 'Pyramid Religion,' and quoted | from tl e oracles , of Mother Shipton, all , three substantially agreeing that ? The world to an end -shall come Iu 1881. lie said that the prophesy of the old woman scemrd to still have vitality, al lli-«uj;li the publisher of tbe fchipton Al manac' Ins openly confessed that he add t'd tlii' lines above ? quoted ? in order to give the book a largo sale. The qnes lion before us is, can there be any residual truth behind all thiB superstition and nonsense? The lecturer presented PrOr feasor Belaruc's theory of the relation of planetary conjunctions to sun spots; showed diagrams illustrating the effect of the attraction of the 6un and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged correspond ing effect of planetary conjunctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He then ex hibits a diogram showing the position of tho planets October SI, 1881 7 all the large plunets hut Saturn ^nd Mer cury being nearly in. a Btraight line passing through tbe centre of the sun, it is alledged that a similar aspect of tbe planets will not occur for many, thousand years. If it is possible for the massed planets ;to produce ex traordinary tidal effects ujon the earth, j such effects must soon be manifested. Ju'v-.TthelcKe, the planets are enormously distant. Tlifir attractive force varies inversely as the sqnare of tbevdietauce. It is hardly conceivable thatj^^e gravi tation could sver i-rod uce ; any ^up)i effect as the foretold diaBter. ' The only re maining theory is- that of a hypothetical clectric inter-action between the Son and planet*. This is but the ghost of .a theorjjphaving hardly a shadow of ascer tained., fact behind it.; The lecturer quoUid one or two instances m which their seenie.1 to l-e a coincidence in times (be .twienxucli conjunctions and ^atmospheric disturbances, where 'the theory 1 of 'great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read jhe following, letter from Professor 'Yourig^bf PrincetoifCoUege, the \ininen~ sdefitist and astronomer ^ — ' H. B. Norton.— Dear Sir — Tour note of inquiry is received. I answer briefly as follows : — First — Your enclosed 'diagram (of the conjunction) fc not essentially correct. Second — It . is uue that, the planets will be somewhat nearer their perihelia than is usual at 1 such telocentric conjunctions. Third—There 1s' no good reason for expecting remark-' able disturbances in the solar or teirestrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delaine thought that he had discovered a relation between them and sun spots,; hot latest researches fail to substantiate thf theory. Scientific astronomers consider the new gospel of Pizzi Smith and Mother1 Shipton as being about equivalent to that of Mother Goose, yours very truly, Chaulbs A YotnsG.' Summing up the cvidenoe, Professor Norton* said t 'We are justified in con cluding that science thus far given us no definite, reason for expecting the great tribulation. Nevertheless, if pnblic ex citement Ghall cause men to cleanse their sewers and men their lives, we m ay be thank fnl for the 'voice from the tombs' uttered by Piazzi Smith'. and the' Voeful forecast attributed to Mother Bhipton.' 