WeilMMHfirloto'sEiiig, BT THE AUTHOR OF 'WHAT CAN SHE DO, CHAPTER X&TI.; VBBA'8 OKLT CHIME. After a toilsome, difficult journey, during which Sivillo'e wound became vary painfal, they reached the cabin. Old Gala met them with n soared ex pression on her wrinkled face, but was overjoyed at finding Tasesr aad Vera safe. -A (TV UHU fMM± VtlUt l-JL*tAO| BMW SO«»U# U«iaUttU| loud voices, epeakin' among de bills, an' I didn't know wbat dey mean. Den Jlfts'r Brown come home wild and dreSul, a-cryin' dat all was lost, Den he sat a long time like a stun. All of a sudden he ask ? Wbare'a Vera ?' I felled him that you took Tascar, and went away yesterday morn in*. And he began to go on orfully agin, and took the big gun and went arter you.' ' Well,' said Vera, with a eigh, ' if he does not come soon, I will try to find him. Mr. Saville has been badly wounded, and we must all do our best ior him. You get us some breakfast. Taeoar, make a fire on tha hearth in the cabin, and1 then help your mother. Molly will help you carry Mr. Saville in?' They laid him down on the cabin floor/and Vera brought a pillow, saying, as she placed it under his head, 'Youareat home, Tlieron, and was well re warded by his conte-ted smile. One end of the cabin had been partitioned off into two apartments. In one of the°e a couch hnd been prepared for Saville ; but, as they were about to carry him thither, Mr. Brown entered, in strong excitement, exclaiming, ' Great God ! Vera, What docs this mean?' ?Are you bent on my destruction p Why have you brought this strange woman here P' * I'm not s° nioighty strange,' snapped Molly. ' Mr. Brown,' said Sarille, in his old, significant tone. The exile turned tremblingly to him. ' You are safe, as I told you, just as long as you do exactly as I direct. Bit down there and rest, and all will be well.' The man obeyed, but was evidently dissatisfied, and under great perturbation. Before the day was over, both Vera and Saville were satisfied that the services of a surgeon would be required. Molly was anxious to depart, that she might find her husband, Larry. Vera therefore decided, without consulting her father, to send Tascar with her acroBS the mountains to New Windsor. Molly thought that all who escaped from the forts would probably be in that region, and said that she knew the way well, after she got down near to the river; so it was arranged that they should go early the next morning. Baville slept a great deal of the time, and seemed strengthened by the nourishing broth which tinla made for him. His deep content, and the antici pation of Vera'a society and care, did more tuan anythingelfie to forward recovery. The next morning, Molly and Tascar departed. Vera accompanied them, and directed the boy to blaze. the trees until the path became plain, Molly did not tell Vera that she had. learned from her husband a good deal about Ssville's previous life, nor did she hint that be had a wife living in New York. The redoubtable ' captain's' ideas concern ing morals were rather confused, at best ; but, in this case, she acted in accordance with such light as she had, and her reasoning was simple, if not correct. Saville bad saved her life ; and, whether he was right or wrong, she was in honour bound not to put a straw in Ma way; and, from what. Larry had told her about Saville's wife, she felt no one had a. truer right than he to find abetttSr one. Toward the dose of tbe following day Tascar re turned, and to Vera's great joy, was accompanied by her old acquaintance, Surgeon Jasper, He pro nounced Saville's wound severe, but not dangerous, if be bad cood care and nursing ; ' and that, I know he will get,' he added, with a glance that brought tnexica colour lnrov eras lace, which, ior some reason that she could not nnderstand, was now ready to. come and go. ? 1 am here, prepared to stay a few days,' said tbe kindly surgeon ; 'and when I leave, good living and sleep will be all that are needed, Tthink.' 'How' can I repay you?' exclaimed Vera, taking his hand. 'No occasion for thanks,' was the brusque reply ' This is my business, and we can't afford to lose, such good soldiers as Saville.' Her fatherchafed greatly at first, when he found that another stranger had learned of his hiding place, but the man was so genial and frank, and the fact that ho had been at the bedside of Vera's mother partially reconciled the exile to bis presence. The surgeon, also, raised his hopes that tbe Ameri can cause was not hopelessly lost, as he had be lieved on the capture of the forts. Under skilled treatment, Saville's wound healed rapidly, and he was soon able to sit up before the fire on the ample hearth of the cabin. The genial surgeon was the life of the party during the long autumn evenings, and to vera these hours were ever remembered as among the happieBt of her life. Whenever it was possible, she found Saville's eyes following her with an expression that warmed her very eoul ; but she, in her innocence, imagined that his rapid recovery was the cause of the springs of joy welling up in her heart But, as Saville grew stronger, he often fell into gloomy fits of musing, which perplexed and dis tressed her. She also noted a troubled expression on the enrgeon's face, as some little act on the part of Saville suggested that his feelings were warmer than gratitude or friendship inspired. JaBper knew that Saville had a wife, and, more over, that she was a wife only in name. He felt that Vera was too fine a girl to be trifled with ; but as she was situated, the man to whom she had un consciously given her heart might do more to make than to mar her happiness. At any rate, the sur geon, who was a man of the world, concluded that jt was not his business to interfere, and so at last took his departure in his wonted jovial manner. ' I suppose you won't thank me, Saville,' he said, for taking you away from this fairie's bower ; but I shall report to the governor that you will be fit for duty in a month.' 'I shall not forget that I am a Boldier,' said the young man, blushing ; ' and you may see me in less time. ? ? . After the surgeon's departure, Saville's moody fits did not cease, but rather increased. While he was exceedingly kind and gentle, Vera saw that he was passing under some kind of restraint ; his eyes lid not seek hers with the old, frank, ardent ex pression ; and at times, she observed him regarding ier furtively, and with such a ead, wistful look, that she began to shed tears in secret, though, with womanly instinct, she tried to appear cheerf ul.and blind to all changes in him. But when his growing distress of mind began to retard his recovery, she felt that she could endure It no longer. One day, when be scarcely tasted some delicate birds, which she had shot for trim, bdo Dursc inio ieaxs,anasaia, 'Theron, what is the matter? lean ehutiuy eyes to the truth do longer. Something is preying upon your mind. You have a deeper wound than that which Surgeon Jasper healed. For the, last few days, yon have failed, lather than gained, In health.' ? . He grew very pale, and did not immediately answer. ' ? I 'do not ask to know the cause of your trouble,' she continued ; * for you would tell me if you thought best ; out J cannot .endure to see you suffer. If there is anything that a poor, friendless young girl like myself can do, I pray you, speak plainly. Believe me, I would think any self-sacrifice that would serve you a privilege. ' Anv MflnflM Vav* 9' : 'Any, enytbat you can askj'she replied, eagerly. But looking into her pure, innocent face, and re membering haw totally ignorant she was of the world's nanh judgment, his own manhood rose up to defend her. He took both of he hands in his, and said, very gently, ' I believe you, my dearest sister ; you are unselfishness itself. But no cruel self-eacritlee on your part would help me. Some day I will tell you what is troubling me. I cannot now. The miserable and misgoverned world, of which you know so lif tie, often brings to those who must be out in it many hard problem!? to solve. Best assured, if I need your help, I wiUask it, and would rather have it than that of any other living being. Now take your gun, and get me some more birds, and at sapper I will try to do better. . She saw that he wished to be alone, and so, sorely perplexed and heavy-hearted, she complied.' After she was gone, Saville grappled with the strongest temptation which life had yet brought hinftMn tbe eye of tbe law he had a wife, and could not marry Vera, and yet he loved her with (ihe whole intensitv of his nature. From the hour, also, when she blvshed under his searching glance in the early dawn, at the time of their bivouac in the mountains, he had thought she was learning to give him a warmer affection than that of a sister. In his weakness and inability to think con nectedly, this ho: e had filled him with a sort of delirium of happiness ; but he had soon commenced asking himself how this mutual regard must end. With his French education, and as an honest adherent to the creed that the impulses of nature should be man's only law, he required no priestly sanction to his love ; bat could have said to Vers, in all sincerity,' My heart claims you, my reason approves the choice ; I cannot help my past folly, but know that I am acting wisely now. I will ever be your true lover. I will be such a husband as love can make me, and such as mere' form and law cannot make me.' While all this was true, he also clearly saw that Vera, in remembrance of her mother's teaching and example, and with her faith in the Bible, and in the Being whose will she believed that book revealed, would not look unon any such relation in the light in which it appeared to him. Al though the young girl had proved her readiness to sacrifice her life for him, there had always been something in her words and manner which led him to greatly doubt whether he could induce her to violate her conscience, even though that which he asked seemed perfectly right to him. In justice to Saville, it should be said, that though be regarded her faith as an utter delusion, he would not wieu her to do anything which she thought wrong; and, although he could honestly declare his love, he felt that it would be a base thing to ask her to reward it, since she could not do eo without great moral wrong to herself. There were, besides, other very important con siderations. Ho bad always promised Vera, and had sincerely proposed to secure for her, a recognised and respected place in society. If she listened to his suit, this would be impossible. She was defenceless, friendless, more than orphaned. She trusted him implicit/, and as a man of honour, he found that he could come to but one conclusion. He must be true to her interests, at any and every cost to himself. ' Am I equal to this ?' he groaned, nnd he strode up and down the little cabin, in such agony, that great beaded drops came out upon his fore head. At last he sat down, and covered his face with his hands, while bis mind went rapidly over the past. In imagination, he saw the timid maiden venturing down into tbe dark fort, where on every side a fate worse than death threatened, that she might rescue him. ' I am a base wretch to hesitate,' he cried ; ' but would that I had died there, rather than have lived to suffer this 1 She shall not surpass me in self sacrifice, however. I will place her as high in society as a brother's love can raise her, and then, if the burden grows too heavy, I can soon enter on the dreamless sleep from which she recalled me. O bating and hateful wife I even your malignity would be satisfied if you could see me now.' Vera returned empty-banded. 'My hand trembled so that I could not shoot,' she said. ' I am very sorry.' ' .Never mina, mue sister ; i am better now, ana do not need anything,' he said soothingly, for he saw that her heart was full. ' Better ! ' she cried, with tears starting to her eyes. ' You are but the ghost of your old self. I never sow you so pale, and you look years older than when I left you an hour ago.' ' You are tired and depressed, Vera, come and sit down by me on your low bench, and see if I cannot cheer you.' She gave him a wistful, questioning look, which he found it hard to meet. Making a strong effort at self-control, she com plied with his wish, and for a few moments neither suoke. Again and again she would look at him, with the same childlike questioning manner. ' What is it, little sister ?' he at last asked. For some reason, this term, which had once seemed so sweet and endearing, but which of late he hod seldom employed, now chilled her heart with fear. His face, though very kind, had a strong, resolved expression. She felt as if a view less but impassible barrier were growing up between them. While at her side, and holding her hand, she seemed far off and receding. He called her bis ' dear little sister,' and yet she would rather that helshouldsimply say Vera, in the tone in which he bad- spoken her name, when, after her night's watch, she had raised her downcast eyes to his. She neither understood herself nor him, but her heart craved for more than mere brotherly affec tion : and now that he Rnuzhl-. to manifaRr. nnlv this, ho rudely jarred the deepest and most sensi tive chord of her being. When he Rgain asked, in a gentle, boo thing tone, as ho might speak to a child, 'Toll me what troubles you, sister Vera. Speak as frankly as if I were indeed your brother,' she bowed her head upon hi? knee, and sobbed as if her heart would break. ' I don't know what is the matter,' she faltered. ' It seems as if you were miles away from me, and that something dreadful is going to happen.' A spasm of pain crossed his face, for he inter preted her feelings far better than she could her self; and he learned, as never before, bow pene trating a loving woman's intuitions often are. Suddenly she asked, 'Are you going to leave me, Theron?' lie had about decided to tell her the whole truth, and show the necessity of his course, when her father entered the cabin. Before doing so, he bad marked his daughter's attitude and distress*, also Saville's caresses as he stroked her bowed head. He said nothing, however, but sat down in his accustomed place, with the deepest gloom lowering upon his haggard face. Vora was about to move hastily away, but Saville retained her at bis side, saying, 'No, Vera P no one has a better right here than you.' For a little time they all remained silent. Vera made deperate efforts to gain a mastery of her feel ing, though with but partial success ; for she felt that some blow was impending, wbish she could not avoid, and yet from which she shrank in sickening dread. At last Saville began, in a quiet, steady voice, ' Mr. Brown, I have so far recovered from my wound that I ought soon to report for my duty again. I feel that it would be very wrong to leave you here in this remote and lonely place. I tremble as I think of what might happen in case of sickness or accident. Moreover, the country is filled with lawless, reckless men, as you have imiuou w juui Dv***-»tTa, The exile sx^rang up, and c ommenced pacing the roomingreatexcitement, butSavillecoutinued firmly, ?You owe it to Vera to place her in a more secure position. This wild mountain-gorge isne place for her. She is fitted to shine among the highest and best, and I think I can eay without boasting, that I have the influence to place her Ahere. All that ? ? A harsh, bitter laugh interrupted him, and her father said, ' Mr. Saville, you are unequalled at sarcasm.' The young man rose and faced the speaker, and Vera, also, stood trembling at his side. '1 mean every word I say. I can——' he began earnestly. ' Mr. Saville,' again interrupted the exile, ' your words are worse than useless. It is time you. learned the truth. For the sake of the past, in memory of what my daughter braved in your be half, you will at least leave us unmolested, after you learn who and what we are. Blinded as I am by remorse and fear, I have still marked your growing affection for Vera; and though I am but a wreck— a miserable fragment of a man — I have still some sense of honour and justice left. You ?re a gentleman, sir. . I knew that from the first ; and it is not right mat you should associate with such as we are any longer.' ? Tou are talking wildly, sir. You are not your self,' Saville anBwered, soothingly. 'I'm epaaking terrible truth, continued the unhappy man. ' Whatever else has failed in me, memory has not, and it is my hourly and relentless ? Bcourge. But enough of this. It is sufficient to say that we are outcasts. A curse is resting on us, which must die with us. This is noplace for you ; and tou will bear me witness, that 1 never eoueht. to draw you within the deadly shade of my destiny. I have but one favour to ask— that you leave us to perish as remote from human knowledge as possible.' 'I cannot do this,' cried Seville, quite off his guard. ' Why are you outcasts? What crime haa this innocent maiden committed, that I ahould heartlessly leave ber to so horrible a fate?' * What crime has she committed ? Tbe same as that of her poor fond mother, the crime of belong ing to me, and of baing a part of me. Would you ally yourself— would yon even associate— with the daughter of one of the worst criminals on the face of the earth ?' With* faint cry, Vera fell to the floor, «'? « J, struck down by a resistless blow. Saville in etantly lifted her up, saying, ?Don't grieve so, darling; he chrtrges you with no fault, only misfortune.' Her father looked at him in great surprise for a moment, and then raid, ' Well, since you differ so greatly from the rest of tbe world, you may take her away, where her relation to me may never be known. If she coul'd escape from under the cuise which crushed her mother, I would esteem it a boundless favour. For me there is no hope.' 1 Will you go with me, Vera P ' asked Saville, gently pressing her closer to his hea?t. ' Go, Vera, go, since he is willing to take you,' said her father earnestly. ' The thought that you were safe and happy would render the miserable remnant of my life more endurable.' Vera's sobs ceased speedily, and she became very quiet. After a moment or two.eherised her bead from Saville's shoulder, and said distinctly, ? No, I will not leave you. You are my father, and my dying mother commended you to my care.' 'O God!' exclaimed ber father, 'that I should have brought down the curse on two such hearts 1 My punishment is greater than I can bear.' ' Theron,' continued Vera, drawing away fmm him, and trying to steady herself in her weakness and strong emotion, 'the blow has fallen : I have felt it coming all day. We must indeed part ; there is no help for it, for my duty is liste. You must leave us to our fate ; for, as father says, you cannot continue to associate with such as Me are.' ' Leave you ! ' he cried, drawing her closely to his side, and looking down into her pale face with an honest, manly flush of indignation on bin. 'May every plague in nature fall on my dis honoured head if I do; You are rightly called ' Vera,' for a truer newt than yours never beat, and I am not such a fool as to lose it, I shall not ask her to leave you, sir,' he said, addressing her father ; ' but I charge you, by the memory of your dead wife, and as you value your safety, to place no obstacle in my way, as I seek to make her happy in this, her mountain home.' 'Theron,' said Vera, in a low, thrilling tone, that he never forgot,' I did not know that there was so nnble a man in all the world.' 'lirve me no creau, ne repiiea, -xoveryiew does there come such a chance for happiness as I have found in you. Come out with me under the the starlight, for I have much to say to you.' Before leaving the cabin, however, he turned to her father, who sat with his face buried in his hands, and said, ' I know not, and will never seek to know, what you bare done, and I believe that your remorse is greater than your crime ; but, or the father of this dear and innocent maiden, I shall always treat you witli reepect. You have acted honourably to night, and I honour you for it. I take my present course deliberately, and with my eyes fully open.' ' I fear that you will have cause for regret ; and yet.for Vera's sake.I hope it may be for the best.' ' I will never leave you, father,' said his daugh ter, tenderly putting her arms round his neck and kissing him. Tears came into the poor man's eyes, and he DQ1U UUS&»j f ' I am not worthy of this. G-o, go ; it pains me !' Saville, in the impulse of bis strong love and ex citement, had di'Cided to toll Vera just how he was situated',believingthat,inviewoftliecircumstances, she would accept his lif e-long devotion, though un sanetioned by any formal rites ; but her first glad and natural utterance, as. they stepped out into the quiet night, checked the words upon his lips. 'Thank God !' she cried; 'thankGod [ how good my Heavenly Father has been to me! Oh! that I could tell mother how happy I am ! ' Snville was silent. It was his turn to experience a prophetic chill of dread. Wbat had that old Hebrew divinity, at whom he had scoffed so many years, to do with his happiness or hers ? But now He rose up before him like a grim remorseless idol, to whom the maiden at his side, so ^eutle and loving, and yet eo strong, might' sacrifice both herself and him. Prudence whispered, 'You had better not tell her to-night, you hnve too much at stake ; wait.' And so, instead of telling her the sad story of his past blindness and folly, with their consequence?, he led ber thoughts away from every painful theme, resolving that they both should have one happy hour, whatever might be on the morrow. And yet, remembering the only relation be could offer, he did not dare speak frankly of his love, and could only comfort her with the general assurance that, lie would never leave her to tlie de solation which her father's language had eo awfully described. He spoke of their old, happy trysts, and promised that they suou'd be con tinued as often as his duties permitted. Thus, while be did not openly and formally declare his love, it so pervaded his tone and manner as to abundantly satisfy Vera, whose quick intuitions scarcely needed words. 