despatches have been published this colony with reference to the Victorian crisis of 1877-8; and they are held to tbe stand which the Conservative took op against the Ministerial proceedings on that occasion. We have read despatches over and over again; and -result is certainly not to convince ns the jastice of the conclusion which Conservatives have come to on this The reprints start with an of a despatch which was written Sir GEORGE BO WEN on the 5 th Febrnary, and in which Sir GEOBGE BOWEN that the claims of the Conncil, that payment of members was rejected that Hooee, the Ministry should either e have sent np the items in a separate bill, or or the Governor shonld have dissolved tbe Lower House, " are so incon- with the well-known practice of -sistent Parliamentary Government, both in England the colonies, that they have only to be to be regarded as inadmissible." The of State, replying. to this des- >atch, simply says that the passages from Jord CANTERBURY'S despatches, upon d which Sir GEOBGE BOWEN relied, are not parallel; and then dismisses the with tbe loftiest indifference, on the ground that tbe dead-lock having been disposed of on tbe spot, there is no occasion for him to deal with the qnestion. As far aB this despatch is concerned, then, there is s' nothing in it to snpport the contention of the Conservatives that it is hostile to the c. Ministerial party. On the contrary, there is mnch in it which goes against the views of the Conservative section of the community in this respect, because Sir MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH says " it must be a matter for congratulation to all parties that the very grave consequences which might have ensued had euch an appeal become unavoidable, should have been averted by tbe compromise which has been agreed upon " by the two Chambers. The "grave consequences " would certainly have arisen from the conduct of the Conncil. Therefore, the ase of the two words just quoted clearly indicates that the Secretary for the Colonies had DO sympathy with theCooncil's action. Hence there is nothing in this despatch for the Conservatives to chuckle over; and this ought to be clear enough to every understanding. The next despatch deals with the position of a Governor in his relationship to his constitutional advisers; and in this document there is not a single argument advanced which every Liberal will not readily agree to. The gist of it is this—that the responsibility of the Governor is to the Imperial authorities; that should he break the law, he will be held accountable therefor for his conduct; that he conld not jtiBtify himself by pleading that judges, or other lawyers than his own legal advisers, had advised the conrse taken, and that in the event of the MiniBtiy attempting to do anything that was manifestly illegal, it wonld be his duty to check it by his interference. No Liberal will question the jastice of these views for a moment; and certainly nothing else was contended for by the Liberal party during _the crisis which caused this deBpateh to 6e written. If a Governor were advised to do what was manifestly illegal, then we all agree that he Bhould refuse to sanction the proceeding ; and the country wonld certainly applaud him for his conduct. But Sir GEOBGE BOWEN was not raked to do anything that was known to be illegal dnring the crisis of 1877-8. He was simply requested by the Ministry to aid them to discharge their fnnctions according to the Constitution Act, and despite the obstruction of the second Chamber; and he only gave his responsible advisers this assistance. The only semblance of conflict that took place in this regard was over the first sweeping dismissal of the connty court judges, and other officials. But when the presumed illegality of this step was pointed ont to the Chief Secretary by his Excellency, the CGurse taken was promptly modified, and several of those officials who had been dismissed were reinstated. Two facts are therefore brought out by this incident. Firstly, that tbe Governor did interfere when a law was presumed to have been broken, and, secondly; that the Ministry yielded, after some discussion, to his advice. Consequently, everything that was done in this case was in accordance with Sir MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH'S dicta now, as regards tbe relations which shonld subsist between the Governor and his advisers and, therefore, no comfort is to be extracted out of thiB despatch by the Conservative party. Indeed, the opposite is really the case, because Sir MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH tells Sir GEOBGE BOWEN that it is no part of the duty of a Governor to obtain legal advice outside of his responsible advisers; and thiB is exactly the very reverse of what the Conservatives wanted done. The obstructionists are now told by the Colonial Secretary that they were utterly wrong in advising the conrse which' they did ; and they ought to feel thoroughly ashamed of themselves after this exposure. The next despatch deals with the doings :of "Black Wednesday;" and the Governor is told that the Ministry were wrong in the course they pursued in this direction. Civil servants, Sir MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH says, ought to feel, as long as they behave themselves, that they are Been re in their positions, unless a general scheme of re trenchment is being carried ont, with tfi< sanction of Parliament. And Sir MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH further says that after the dead-lock was at an end, the employes dismissed shonld have been restored to their former..pOBta once the Appropriation. Act had been passed by the Legislature making provision for their payment. Here there is some comfort for the Conservatives, although it is not very great. For tbe step taken- by the . Ministry on u Black Wednesday " was practically sanctioned by the Assembly, which has the sole power in such matters; and the record of the session of 1878 is a complete- justification oF-this statement • Tto Secretary of-State admits, in a former deap»tch, that tbe Go ^eminent is justified in "taking a step "not yet authorised by law" on the-assumption that the.' legislature . will .afterwards validate the act. i_The Council am have nothing to do wittfsuch details as the em ployment or the dismissal of the civil servants, hecaass the Constitution Act does not allow that Hoase to interfere with items in the Appropriation Bill; and once, there- fore, the Assembly tacitly sanctioned the act of the Ministry, the affair ofBlack Wednesday" became perfectly legal even according to the opinion of the Colonial Office. But we may go much further in support of this view. The law does authorise the Ministry to discharge and employ people just as they think fit, the power in this respect being scarcely limited in any particular. When, therefore, the Ministry created " Black Wednesday," they broke no law, becauBe the law gave tbem fnll authority for their action. The difference of opinion noticed above, between the Governor and Mr BEBBY, is the only exception that can be taken to this rule. But that poiut was soon yielded by Mr BEBBY; and by that act the last thread which the Conservatives had to cling to in this matter, was swept entirely out of existence. The only effect, therefore, that this despatch can have upon intelligent men, is to show tbem that Conservative traditions with regard to Government employes, will warp the judgment of the best of men for the time being, and cause them to contradict themselves when one item, in a long list of subjects, which tbey have to deal with, is contrary to their convictions. This is the only explanation of which this despatch is capable, when read in conjunction with preceding documents of the like kind from the same quarter and from the same pen; and the Conservatives are quite welcome, to all the comfort tbey can extract from its publication. Tbe question of reinstating the officers dismissed, after tbe Appropriation Act was d, is purely a matter of colonial concern and of Ministerial discretion, and hence tbe Colonial Office has nothing to do with this branch of the subject. Taking these despatches, then, as a whole, they do anything but support the delight which their publication has produced in Conservative circles. They m'ay be a little rough in some places on the Ministry; but in others they are quite as rough on the pretensions of the Conncil. It seems to us, therefore, that the Conservatives have nothiog to congratulate themselves upon over these .'"spatr hes, and should be anything but pleaBed at their appearance. BOTH of the morning papers of Sandhurst deal with the question of the ExhiUltion trains in their issues of Wednesday last; and we can. now understand how the question really . stands as between that town and the hea<£ of the Railway Department. What the committee ask for is thiB : That special adult trains be run to Sandhurst the same as they were run to Ballarat during our Exhibition; and this is just the request which Mr WOODS has met with a refusal. Tbe school trains have been freely allowed. But the adult trains have been declined; and the Exhibition committee have now forwarded a letter to the Acting Chief Secretary asking him to reverse this decision. Just the same as we pnt in a good word for Sandhurst, in the case of the school trains, so we are glad to speak a few words in its favor in regard to this substantive part of the subject, because all the equities are on the side of Sandhurst in this discussion. Mr WOODS is, undoubtedly, actuated by the best motives ia refusing this request. But that he is wrong is beyond qaestioD. It is shown by onr contemporaries that when the Sandhurst adult trains were run to Ballarat a profit of nearly £50 resulted to the department. This being the case, then, there is a good opening for a legitimate stroke of bnsiness being done by running adult trains from Ballarat to Bendigo; because, considering the larger mpnlation at this end, there is every projsbility of a still greater number of persons patronising such trains to Bee the Exhibition at Sandhurst than journeyed from Sandhurst to Ballarat when thfe. Exhibition of last year nas open in this centre. Tbe certainty of such trains paying, as the Sandhurst people desire is, therefore, so evident, that we confess we cannot understand what bas come over the usually astute and commercial mind of Mr WOODS to canBe him to deny these trains to the Sandhurst people. But tins - question has a wider scope than the foregoing. A number of the residents of Ballarat want to see the Sandhurst Exhibition, and will certainly do so if they can secure a cheap trip there for the purpose. Bat very few of them care about paying full fares to realiBe this end. The result, therefore, of Mr WOODS' decision being adhered to will be, not only to do an act of injustice to Sandhurst, but also a wrong to Ballarat, because a large number of persons in this town will be deprived of the opportunity of seeing the Sandhurst Exhibition, if these adult trains should not be granted. Indeed, the injustice is almost wholly on the side of Ballarat, for if tbese adult trains should not be run we shall have no alternative but to say, that a concession made to Sandhurst—for this is really how the matter stands in this connection—has been denied to Ballarat; and no less rigid viBw can be taken of Mr WOODS* refusal. It seemB to as that the course which tbe Government should pursue is very dear, and that anything else will be a mistake. Adult trains shonld be run to Sandhurst from any centre that applies for them, while the Exhibition lasts, conditional on a guarantee being given that no loss will befall the State by granting this concession. Facilities would then be afforded for every person who desires it to visit the Sandhurst Exhibition, and in all probability a good profit would at the same time result to the department. Tbe Cabinet will do well, therefore, to grant the request of the Sandhurst people, and thus please all parlies over this subject. Yesterday Ballarat was honored by the visit of a prince of blood royal, his Highness Prince Ambrose (nephew of tbe King of Fiji), who is travelling the colony under the pioneering of Messrs 7\. M'Evan and Co., arrived from Sandhurst by the early train, and vas received at the st&tion; by the local representatives of the firm just mentioned. The distinguished visitor was taken to the Gardens, which he much admired; the City of Bsllarat claim, where the magnitn-ie of tbe mining plant -engaged his attention; and some of our public buildings. Prince Ambrose, like most visitors to this city, was greatly pleased with the appearance of Start street, the street gardens in particular evoking expressions of admiration from him. His Highness left for Melbourne by the evening train. The third day of tbe Ballarat Church of England Assembly saw tbe completion of two-bills, a debate on the report of tbe select committee on tbe Patronage Bill, which was adjourned till to-day, and the disposal of some routine work. The assembly sat from half-past three till five in the afternoon, and from seven till ten in this evening. Tbe debate on the report of the select committee 'will be resumed to-day at half-put three, and at .six o'clock tea will be supplied to the members at the registry. A report will be found elsewhere. The secretary of the Intercolonial Juvenile Exhibition vas inattendance in trite of the class-rooms of the Mechanics' Institute the greater portion of yesterday, and wu kept busy "giving out tbe prize-list 40 intending exhibitor*. Mr Richardson informs ns be lias met .with many promises of exhibits -bom Ballarat, and fully expects the city to - fee -well represented by- the yuang people resident in tbe district. During his visit to Geelong, Mr liichardson recesred a liberal prize from a Oedong" Ann to be awarded epcdally .to ;the -beat exbIblt forwarded from Geelong to the Melbourne Exhibition. We recommend ttii as an example worthy ot being followed by some of our wesltby and public-spirited citizens. The fact that a fair extra prizes would be gives.to I the best exhibits in different classes forwarded from Ballarat, would prove, we feel sore, an additional stimulus to our youth, fifr Richardson will be in attendance at the Mechanics' Institute this day, from ten to one, and from two until five p.m. Intending exhibitors are invited to call or send, when every information will be given. A banquet will be held in the building opposite the Parker's United hotel, Gordon, on Thursday, the 1st of next mouth, to celebrate the opeurog of the Ballarat and Gordon railway. Tickets, at 7s 6d each, can be obtained from Mr B. T. Vale, at Brophy's hotel, at Speed's North Giant hotel, sad- Fussell's hotel. Detective Easou, wb« hss been engsged ia tracing out the paster of valueless cheques (who some little 1 time ago imposed upon a bortmaker and a licensed victualler, both residents east of tbe Yarrowee), succeeded in coming np with bis man, but only to find that the offender, who gives the name of James Pickop, was in the custody of tbe Sandridge police for some trifling peccadilloes he had committed in that torn. A committee meeting of tbe Western branch of the National Beform League was held at Clemence's hotel last night, there being a large attendance. Mr Vice-president Hugban occupied tbe chair. Several gentlemen were nominated to the office of secretary, Mr John Algie bong elected unanimously. A sub-committee was appointed to meet the central committee, relative to Major Smith'a meeting. A large number of receipt-books were given out to tbe. members of committee, and a considerable number of members were enrolled. Several accounts having been passed for payment, the proceedings closed. The condition of Mr Stratton continues to fluctuate somewhat, and yesterday he was slightly improved, but he is by no meauB out of danger yet, and his medical advisers enjoin the strictest quiet, as the least irritation -may precipitate the most serious resnlts. Scott, also kftown aa " Captain Moonlight," delivered his long-expected lecture at the Unicorn hotel last nigbL The lecture professed to expose the evils existing iu Pemridge. which plac? Scott spoke of as being, instead of a teformatory." a university of crime where tyranny and injustice practised at the country's cost and to its shame." Scott wound up hie lecture with Bome sound advice to tbe young to avoid crime, which will certainly bear perusal. He announced another lecture on Pentridge to-night. The man Groves, who was admitted into tbe Hospital some days ago suffering from severe burns in bis left arm, received at Bungaree, through his falling io the fire, became so mnch worse that it was'considered necessary to amputate the in jored limb. The operation was accordingly performed by VT Usher yesterday, the patient feeing put under tbe influence of chloroform. We understand that a number of ratepayers, principally residing on Soldiers' Hill, intend tc bring about a public meeting shortly, when the question of converting the present Western goods sheds into a locomotive department, and of erecting new goods sheds on the site of the locomotive Bheds, will be discussed. Owing to tbe numerous trains running uver the Lydiard street level crossing traffic is greatly impeded, thereby, causing a great nuisance. ThiB would be obviated if tbe goods sheds were erected where the locomotive sheds stand. It is stated that offers have been made for the Bites occupied by several buildings lying to the west of the station to form an approach to the proposed sheda. Further particulars will no doubt be forthcoming shortly. t A little boy, son of Mr Jenkins, wholesale fishmonger, of Peel street, met with a very painful c accident yesterday afternoon. Tbe little fellow, who is but fonr years of age, was riding on a lorry o with his legs dangling over the side of it, when his p lefc foot catching in one of tbe wheels of the h vehicle, it was very badly lacerated. He was at ouse taken to the Hospital, where his injuries were h attended f t A warrant haB been issued for the arrest of a young man named John Roach, who is charged with assaulting a Chinaman named Shew Hock, o at Redan, on the 15tb instant. Tbe following description is given of Roach:—A native of Victoria, e twenty-one or twenty- two years of age, abont 5 feet 9 inches high, has dark complexion, hair, and very small whiskers and moustache; wore dark tweed trousers and vest, and drab felt hat. At the Town Police Court yesterday a Chinaman named Ah Yuck, also known as the Conjuror, was committed to take his trial at the assizes, to be held on the loth of May, on a charge of stealing a purse containing £6 5B 6d from the person of another Chinaman named Tong Sing. Prosecutor deposed tbat prisoner took the purse out of hiB pocket while in a gambling shop in tbe Main street on (be 16th instant, and then ran off. Two shillings were found afterwards in the prisoner's possession which were identified by the prosecutor by certain marks on them. Yesterday a funeral train of unusual dimensions passed through the town to the cemetery, and on enquiry it was found that the cortege was that of the late Mrs Margaret Saunders of Warrenheip, a lady who waa held in such high estimation by the residents of tbe district in which she lived, that nearly every one of them attende-l her funeral yesterday to pay to her the last sad honors. The funeral cortege stretched from Doveton Btreet, along Start and Bridge streets, to the crown of the hill in Victoria street. Scott, alias Moonlight, when interviewed by reporter last night, said, with regard to the " Vagabond's" visit to Pentridge last year, on which one of bis papers has been written, tbat two hours sfter bis entry it was known that the " Vagabond " had come on eome special mission, and he was systematically hoodwinked and humbugged by inmates of the establishment with whom he came in contact It should have been stated in the paragraph from our Elaine correspondent published yesterday, that Mr Mill&n; was followed to hia last resting place on Wednesday; tbe mourners numbering 400 on the occasion. Mr Ridgway, who was mentioned in the same paragraph, died six months ago. The Benevolent Asylum committee sat last night, to deal with the cases of seventeen old inmates, all of whom were found to be unable to fairly earn their own living, but were capable of performing some light work. It was therefore resolved that the asylum advertise for situations of this nature for tbem. We are requested to Btate that yonng Stratton who was seriously hurt lately at football, did not receive his injury on tbe Ballarat ground, bnt on that of the City club. By the last mail the following additions to the library of tbe - School of Mines were received from the Edinburgh correspondent of the school, Mr Robert Etheridge, junior, F.G.S.-.—The published pamphlets of J. Croll, L.L.D., on the " Probable Origin and Age of the Sun " (with the author's compliments), 41 Catalogue of Australian Fossils," by B. Etheridge, and several other very interesting and useful pamphlets on scientific subjects, including one on 41 Fossil Plants," by W. Carruthere, F.RJ3. My kingdom for a horse " is an exchange that can be understood, considering tbe indefinite hold the liberal monarch bad upon that same kingdom ; but fancy, " £50 for a geranium !" Yes, that was the price asked. An amateur gardener of this city, whose name figures conspicuously in every prize-list of the Horticultural Society, especially in the section for tricolors, hearing that Giles and Son, of Grove Hill nursery, Adelaide, had some new plants, wrote over for a few, for which he would forward cost on their arrival here. He received the following reply:—"He diuble tricolors, have at least a dozen different ones; some of tbe flowers and trusses far excel tba green doubles. The folisge is qnite up to tbe ordinary tricolors, and 6ome far better. Some of them, if not all, are under offer to an English firm, and the stock plants at any rate will not go undu £50 each.'' The amateur gardener of this city does not hanker after those plants now. No, not now! We are informed that the Hon. W. J. Clarke has commissioned our late townsman, Mr H. RL Murray, to design and build a 36-ton yacht, and has further instructed bim to spare no expense in building it. It is stated that the hon. gentleman intends to place the boat, when she is constructed at the disposal of distinguished visitors to the Melbourne Exhibition. Numerous claims are being pegged out in tbe eastern part of tbe borough ot Sebastopol. and we bave been informed that in a short time from ten to fifteen shafts will be sunk between, the Redan bridge and about a mile to the south of the Sebastopol State school. The various committees in connection with tbe Masonic ball met yesterday afternoon, and reported progress—which was highly satisfactory. It was decided that no tickets should be sold after the 5th proximo; and it was also stated tbat over 140 bad been already disposed of. An excellent jab is being made of the floor of tbe Alfred Hall; and, when the proposed decorations are completed, it will be equal to any room in the colony. On the 34th instant a marriage took place in the Primitive UethodiBt Church, Clark's Hill, Bungaree. between Miss Pearcy and Mr W. Dans. The church waa crowded to witness the interesting event, and about seventy of the friends of the couple sat.down to a sumptuous breakfast after the marriage ceremony was over. The Town Mission Hall wu crowded last night, when the usual Band of Hope meeting was held. After singing by the audience and prayer by the missionary, Mr C. Stoneman was voted to the chair. . Mr Field and family sang "Bipple, rippla little stream; Hist Haggis Leonard recited; Uiaa E. Furlong sang "Home sweet bome; Mist Spatgo (encored) recited with thrilling effect " The lip that touch liquor shall never touch mine;* Wr.C.Stoneman sang-and was encored; Mr Ixmgtorr gave a very appropriate address, narrating cases coming within the range of his observation; Master Butter sang; Miss I.izzie Field sang in her usual style "Come birdie, come:" Master C. Macgregor recited with deep pathos "The maniac girl," showing the fearful effects ef drink on society. A few words from tbe missions'^, and the doxologyand benediction brought happy meeting to a dose-st nine p.m. The committeeof tbe Cenrtal Bowling Ciuft have dedded to close tbe greens for the season on Satarday next, 26th instant*, for the purpose of making an early start toward* getting the greens top-dressed and properly levelled. With tbat view tliey harre invited four membenrfrom every clubin the district to bave a social winding-up game. The members of tbe club are respectfully requested attend on this occasion, in crder to give the greens as lively an appearance or possible. The gvld medal presented by Mr jflegeltfcub has been wen : by Mr W. Taylor, and will be fiaudedover to that gentleman after the afcernooxfo-play is concluded. The anniversary tea meeting of A'l Saints' Church-will be held in the schoolroom this evening, at half-past six o'clock. The Right Sev. Dr Thornton (Bishop of Ballarat), Archdeacon Innes. and the Rev. H. C. E. Morris, the incumbent, and others will address the meeting. Selections of music will be given by a strong choir. Tbe third meeting m connection with the Dawn Street Mutual Improvement Society was held the Daw-eon Street Congregational Chursblast evening. Six candidates were elected and ten proposed. A discussion eusned as to which was the best, " Civilised, or uncivilised life. Mr Wilson opened with a strong argument io favor of civilisation, and was warmly responded to by Mr Walker Otber members spoke, and tbe discussion ended in favor of civilisation. Owing to the dryness of the weather, the Creswick coursing matches arranged for yesterday, have beea postponed to the 8th of May. Two young gentlemen gave an exposition of pugilism on Wednesday night behind the Mechanics' Institute. At the conclusion of the affray one combatant remained unmarked, but the otber looked as if be bad been quarrying bluestone, and had need his head as a sledge-bammer for the purpoBe. Dr Hudson, J.P., presided at the City Police- .Court yesterday and dealt with one drunkard. We have received copies of tbe report of the thirtieth annual meeting of tbe Australian Mutual Provident Society, as read at a meeting of members held in Sydney on the 23rd instant. During the past twelve months the society received 8664 proposals, of which 2655 were declined. The premiums that will be received from the new business amonnt to £74,816 6s 3d per annum. We have received from Mrs C. Knight, Lai Lai, 5s for the Purcell family. B. Bellinger" must send hiB letter to our contemporary, as we do not publish letters referring to reports which have appeared in another paper. We bave received from Messrs Gordon and Gotch, of Melbourne, a copy of " The Stationers' and Fancy Trades' Register" for the month of February. By advertisement which appears elsewhere Mr J. P. Collins, bootmaker, announcea that be is now making an improved football or coursing boot. he boot stands about 14 inches high, and is said to be perfectly water- tight. A quadrille assembly is advertised to be held in Societies' Hall, Skipton street, this evening, at eight o'clock. The quarterly meeting of the Creswick branch tbe A.M.A. of Victoria will be held in the Temperance Hall, Creswick, next Saturday evening, at seven o'clock. A preliminary meeting of citizens and propertyholders opposed to the removal of tbe engine-sheds Ballarat West to the East, will be held at George hotel, this evening, at eight o'clock. A full dismounted parade of the Ballarat Troop light Hsrse will be held at the Alfred Hull this at a quarter past seven; undress and forage caps to be worn. gratifying (remarks the Age) to find that the British press has treated tbe project of the Melbourne International Exhibition in a generous spirit. In response to a request accompanying the large number of copies of the prospectus posted to the varioua newspapers of the United Kingdom, to send copies of tbe issue in which the Exhibition was noticed, a large batch of newspapers was delivered on Wednesday at the offices of the commission. The comments are of the most encouraging character, and in many instances long articles are devoted to setting forth the advantages possessed by Victoria, from position and commercial importance, for holding an Australasian Exhibition. The.Government (says the Argus) are proceeding with their negotiations with the Orient line for a direct steam service to and from Great Britain. The original proposal of the Government was tbat Melbourne sbonld be tbe depot of the line, the steamers not ta call at any other port, a condition which would have required the Orient line to sacrifice both the Adelaide and Sydney trade, and would have compelled them to charge accordingly. However, the GovernmeLt are now content that Melbourne 6honld be tbe first port of arrival and last of departure, an arrangement which would leave the steamers free to proceed to Sydney, and would only close Adelaide against them. A corresponding reduction in the subsidy which is to be asked by the company is expected. A case which should act as a warning to caterers for public amusement, was beard at the Sandhurst police court (says the Age) on Wednesday. Mr D'Arcy Bead, of "She Ghost" notoriety, was summoned by the local printers and others for various amounts due for advertising, printing, &c.; Tbe orders for the work had been given by a W. S. Medcalfe, who for the last six weeks has been representing himself as D'Arcy Read's business manager, and apparently acted iu that capacity up to Saturday night last, and on Monday morning it was found he had left by first train, to the regret of all who had done business for tbe ghost entertainment. Tbe defence was that Medcalfe was not Mr Bead's business manager, but by a written agreement produced in court was to baveone-tbird of the proceeds, and pay all expenses, the remaining two- thirds being paid to Mr Bead for his services, and Mr Bead was under the impression, until last Monday morning, that all bills against the entertainment had been paid by Medcalfe, when the illusion was destroyed by the receipt of several summonses and bailiffs to take possession of D'Arcy Bead's chattels for rent due for the use of the hall. Verdicts were given in each case against the defendant. One of those dastardly acts connected with mining, which fortunately are of rare occurrence, is reported (says tbe Maryborough Standard) to the police as having taken place at Mosquito. Two mates bave been working a claim on the Liberty Beef, in that locality, and sent the stone to the Cambrian battery to be crushed. As the crushing went on the plates were examined as ususl, when it was Been that some rascal had mixed lead with the quartz, and thua destroyed the crushing. Further examination showed that shot had been used for tbe purpose, Ynd that it waa placed in the atone at the claim. Of course the result of tbe crushing is lost to the men, who bave not saved sufficient to pay the cost of putting tbe stone through the tnilL The quartz crushed wu a parcel of tons representing seven weeks' work. Tbe matter should be placed in the hands of the detectives, and every means taken to discover and punish the evil-doer. Some correspondence has reached the Acting Chief Secretary by the mail which shows unmistakably (says tbe Age) the part taken by the banks in reference to the issue of tbe loan. It bas been stated that Mr Berry is responsible for the arrangement by which the issue of the remaining £2,000,000 was prevented from taking place for eighteen months. This is not .the fact. Mr Berry was quite willing to reduce the amount to be offered to £3.000,400, but he wished it to be an open question aa to when the remaining £2,000,000 should be placed upon the market, intending in fact, tbat tbe issue of that sum should cake place immediately after the X3,-1)00,000 rt MA had 1 1 been 1 taken up, if -1 circumstances > would justify that course. The representatives of the banks, however, insisted upon an undertaking being given that the £2,000,000 shonld not be put on the market within a year and a half of tbe floating of the first portion of the loan. Mr Berry says in one of his letters:—" When tbe minimum had to be fixed the banks proposed 97, including interest, and when I decided on 98 they all said it would be a failure. The chairman put it to tbe meeting whether they should go on." The representatives of the associated banks professed to believe that it would be Impossible to float tbe loan at tbe minimum insisted upon by Mr Berry, but.seeing that be did not shrink from his responsibility in tbe matter tbey ultimately decided to "go en." Mr Berry states tbat the Queensland Government having telegraphed to the Union Bank to announce a new loan to be issued immediately, a special meeting of the representatives was called and Mr Berry wai informed tbat he most decide at once to offer his loan or the Queensland its tie would be in the uiartet flnt Tbua the associated banks were using pressure to get the Victorian loan into the market, and at the tame time dung their best to restrict tfae issue to £3.000,000, and to keep the price at an unduly low figure. A raarriage (says the Age) was celebrated at St. Joseph's Soman Catholic Church, WarnambooL the incidents of which are worthy-of record, a Mr P. O'Flaherty, who wa> the bridegroom on tha occasion, entered into the bonds of wedlock (of th» third time, at the mature age ol seventy-five. HU gpou?e. who entered into that buppy state for the second time, had already reached her sixtieth, year. It is & strange coincidence, too, that all their previous marriages were celebrated by the rer. dean wbo officiated on this occasion. The combined ages of tbe happy coaple, as already indicated, amounted to 135 yeawt The age of the rev. celebrant was seventy years, and that of the best man" on the occasion fifty-two year?, and of the bridesmaid forty years, thou making the combined apes of the various parties to the ceremony 297 years. The A rgv> regrets to inform its readers that the Hon. George Harker was seized with a severe attack of paralysis on Tuesday. Mr Harker attended the meeting of the Victoria Insurance Company on tb&t; day, and by the part he took in the business of the meeting shoved that he was in tbe foil possession of all his faculties. Shortly after tbe meetiog terminated, Ur Harker, who remained in the board-room, was taken with what appeared to be a fainting fit, aod Dr Aubrey Bowen, who had jaflt left the room, was called back to attend to him, and Dr James Robertson was also sent for. It was found tbat instead ef 4 fainting fit Mr Harker was differing from an attack of paralysis of such a severe nature as to render it impossible to remove him from the room, where be still remains. Oa Wednesday there was a slight improvement, and his medical attendant, Dr Robertson, considered he was out of immediate danger, though in a critical condition. An old Geelongite, now resident in Scotland writes as follows to tbe Geelong Advertiser respecting the severity of the winter there:—" We have had a most severe winter. There have been three months' continuous frost, curlers carting their curling-stones across the ice over some of the lakes here, a quarter of a mile wide, and quite strong to bear. This was accomplished by more than one in this neighborhood during tbe frost. Horse, driver, and trap, with curling stones ia the trap, driving right across the 'loch,' tbe onlookers just laughing I This has been a bard winter for tbe country. Bad times every way—commercially, politically, and socially. Trade is very bad; society is alarmed and staggered with tbe City Bank disaster, professing Christians being exposed in connection with it. There are thousands of unemployed, starving people. The country is alarmed at the numerous acts of violence and housebreaking, and yet our Tory Government takes no notice of it, except to eay tb&t; the distress is exaggerated." 