LATE TELEGRAMS. Adelaide, July 14. Mr, Hobsrt Nai'rne, formerly accountant In | the Natioual Bank, au'd luttrerly obief olerk for Mr. Fred. Wright, die^ (suddenly on Saturday morning from apoplexy. J. Glows, state teacher at Waruotowu, has been arrested on a oharge of stei^^S a oheque, : He bad taken his passage from Port Pirle to Sydney. The R.M.S.S. Siara, from Galle vid .Albany, arrived at Glenelg at 25 minutes to 12 p.uZ» on Saturday, and sailed for Melbourne at 5 a.m, She has on board the Dutcb, French, and Japauese commissioners to the Sydney Ex* bibition. James Breen, a jookey, who was riding'the horse Trump, was throwu at tha- hunt on Saturday, when tlio horse tell on him, break* tog his neck aud killing him. £130 Ms already been collected for his widow. ... : , Arrived.-Sam MeuUell, ship, 1,084 tons, James Munloeh, Blaster, from OalouttW May 2, with a cargo of woolpacka and bags for Adelaide, Melbourne, aud Syduey, The Arm which supplied tlio worthless rails for tho Port Augusta railway is reported to be insolvent. Tlio Government is, therefore, not likely to recover anything. Two lade, sous of Mr., Maauor8, ,a4 fisherman, who left Wallaroo in an open boat on Thursday last to go Ashing have not Bince been heard of, A sauoil came on in which it is feared they perished. Melbourne, July 14. West Bourke is again likely to be contested by Mr. Deokin and Mr. R. Harpbr. There is no abatement of the distress in the city. The Young Men's Christian Association has received 100 applications for assistance from the fund subscribed specially for unemployed clerks and shopmen, and out of these 78 have been relieved temporarily. A collection was wade iu the Gollins-atreot Independent Church yesterday for tho rolief of the distress, Jfarty one pounds nine shillings was collected. Mr. Charles Sumner's sculptures, now in the Publio Library, are to be disposed of by art union. It is mentioned as a noteworthy fact, that the Victorian Branoh of the Australian Mutual Pro vident Society has just issued its ten thousandth policy. There was a orowded house at the Theatre Itoyal on Saturday night, when the performances were for the boaeflt of Mrs, Bates and her fatherless ohildren, Professor Pepper, of ghost notoriety, is lea turing in Melbourne. A public meeting at Wangaratta condemned the proposed increase of the laud tax. A olever evasion of the stock tax was performed on Friday last by a man driving 17 horses from Wilson'sCoree Station. When the man was about to drive the horses across the Murray* bridge a demand of 5s. per head was made. To this tho driver refused to agree, and rode every horse, with the exception of three unbroken animals, across, thus saving the tax of 5s, per head. On Wodnoaday, tho 9th iust., a number of vessels were reported as having passed Cape Otway inward, in consequence of which the No. 2 pilot schooner Hip was got under way by Pilots Gafford and Loisseau at half-past 9 that evening, to go outside of the Heads, to be ready to take up the outside station, iu the event of the other comtanv's vessel, the Mavis, running out of ?pilots. * It v?aa blowing a gule from the south ward with flerco squalls and rain, the sohooner being under main trysail, double reefed foresail, and Btorm jib. About a quarter-past JO, while the vessel was passing through the Dip, which was very hoavy, a tremendous sea broke on board, filling the decks, a quantity finding its way below, also washing away the starboard boat, with all her fittings, &o;, The second offloer had ft very narrow escape of being washed overboard. The vessel returned to her moorings -last evening, after keening up the station for a short time uutil the othor vessel received a fresh ?supply of pilots, who came down by Thursday morning's train, and wore placed on board the Mavis by tho stoamer Williams. ' At a football match played Saturday between tho Talbot and Avoca clubs, on tho iround of ttio former, a young man named Crooks, a member of tho Talbot Club, fell heavily, sus taining coucuesion of the' brain. He died at 5 o'clock this morning. Another member of the Talbot Olub, named Henderson, had his collar* bone broken. Twenty-two players are going; from Geeloug to ^play football matches in Adelaide. Oarltou and Melbourne played a drawn game .of football on Saturday, before 6.000 spectators. The rain has been very benefloial iu the Wim wera District, and the appearance of the orops is promising. The lambing will bo poor; on many stations not more than 20 per oent. The Waterloo Coursing Cup matohes were com* menced to-day. The betting is in favour of Rouga-et-Nolr, Sylvia, Lady Cashier, and Burra Burra. Flour, £1110a. por tou; wheat, 6b. 8d. to 8a. 9d. per bushel. Sydney, July 14. A meeting of magistrates is convened for Wednesday to consider the advisability of bring, ing under tho notice of the Government the necessity of providing for the reformation of .youthful male and female oriminals over 16 .years o{ age. The Wallaroos beat the Waratah Football 'Club-one goal to one try-after a eplendid *natoh, Five thousand persons were present. The Orangemen opened the 12th or July cele bration yesterday afternoon by a religious service In the old Exhibition, whioh was orowded, Regarding the aolion of the Council on the Land Bill, Mr. Buchanan has given notice of an amendment on Sir H, Parkesrresolutions advo «ating the iutroduotion of a bill to abolish the Upper House, and in deprecation of the attempt to set up a second elective Chamhar. Mr. Far Wll glYfift notico of a special call .ol the 'House for the 5th of August, to ooiiBlder Sir H. Parkes' resolutions. The Government do not intend to place the new loan ou the market at once, but to boirow as required by the progress of works, and at favourable-periods. > It is rumoured at Gunning that small-pox has broken out within a few miles of the town. The polioe from Yass have oharge of an alleged case, in order to atop its progress. The late gale levelled a quantity of the maize crop in the Oaairio district. The Nlobe ia from New York, and brings a large number of exliibits for the Exhibition. Five Chinese ladies, wives of Chinese mer chants here, arrived by the Bowen. Wild Wright is at Hay. He states he Ib looking for work. At Gundagal yesterday, Mr. Sheedy, burner, and Mr. Sydney Smith, telegraph contractor, narrowly esoapea being snot deadi While speak ing to Constable Barry his revolver fell from the case. One chamber exploded, and the ball passed between Sheedy and Smith, whizzing paBt the letter's ear, and lodged In the spouting of the .post-offloe. Brisbane, July 14. In the heavy frosts at West Moreton and the Downs on Friday night serious damage to crops is reported. Snow fell at Spring Greek. A large meeting of stockowners, merchants, and others was held at Rockhampton on Satur day to consider a proposal to enlarge the capital of thp Fltzroy Meat-preserving Works. Several .resolutions were passed, and will probably load to valuable praotloal results, The weather there oontinues rough. 