"DAVID THE SAINT." The Italian papers recently reported the death of a fanatic " David the Saint," in an encounter with the police. It is now stated that this strange adventurer was at the head of from 2,000 to 3,000 " Lazzaret tists." The GazetLci cVItalia gave an account some months ago of this new sect. The Holy Office had for some time been occu pied with the writings of its head, David Lazzaretti. and had placed them on the "Index." Nevertheless (says the Times correspondent), the public were absolutely ignorant of the fact that on the hills near Q-rosseto, a little town off the railway line between Civita "Vecchia and Leghorn, a semi-politico-religious sect had established itself under a head who gave himself out to be the new Christ, a sect whieh the clerical papers describe as Religio Republican, and the Liberal as Catho lico- Socialistic. The prophet had chosen twelve apostles and surrounded himself by a large number of proselytes, who had built for him a kind of half hermitage, half church, on the summit of Monte Labro; and, in addition to this, he founded another on Mont' Oro, to -which he had sent a legate. His creed is an extended para phrase of the Nicene, with alterations, some in a Protestant sense; for instance, it for bade auricular confession. Other tenets are of a socialistic character. According to the social statute of his sect the be lievers conferred upon themselves the universality of their worldly possessions their wives, and children. They are divided into three classes—nobles, landed pro prietors, and peasants, or workmen without property. All were alike hound to serve the Society and work for their living, the Society undertaking to maintain and feed its members, care for the in firm, and educate the young according to their respective positions. Any mem bers seceding within three years forfeited all their property. Until the establishment of the seven hermitages to. he built at Month Labro,-Mont' Oro, Pirenei, Jabar, ■Golgotha, Corsica, and Sinai, the members might live in their respective homes; but they were to depend upon the Society, leav ing in its hands the management of their property and the cultivation of their lands. All the members were to wear a uniform ! dress.. On Sunday a few weeks since, the rophet, at the head of between 2,000 and ,000 followers, started from Monte Labi6 nrocessionally for the village of Arcidosso. More than a hundred of the believers were dressed in white tunics, similar to those worn in ancient times by the Jewish priest hood. At their head walked " David the Saint," as his followers called him, attired in a kind of half regal, half pontifical costume, a red tunic, a diadem on his head, and an iron-studded club in his hand. As they went they sang a kind of refrain, " Long live God, the; Christian Republic,- and praise be to Christ, come a second time on earth"—the Christ being David Lazzaretti. The fanatics were met by a delegate of police, accom panied by_ nine carabineers, who invited them to disperse. Upon this David cried out, " I am the King," and ordered his 1 followers to disarm the soldiers. As he ' spoke-a discharge of firearms was made upon the police from a shelter on one side, and a shower of stones thrown at them. Again the - delegate gave the requisite inti mation, which was followed by the prophet aiming a blow at him with his club, and then the police finding thomsciyos guy rounded opened fire, first in the air and then upon the crowd. Among the first to fall "was the prophet himself, struck with a hall full in the forehead, and his fol lowers seeing their leader down gave way, though in sufficient order to carry David and the other wounded with them. The prophet and one of his followers died the same night. David Lazzaretti was some 45 years old, and originally the driver of a carrier's waggon. He had tried several careers. First he was a soldier; then he exchanged the sword for the pen, appearing as a writer of tragedies; next among the red shirts, following Garibaldi; then a priest; then he gave himself out as a prophet. He was accused of theft, but never convicted. The persecution, as his votaries held this to be, only added fervor to their zeal, and the " Lazzarettisti," as one of the cor respondents states they called themselves, wanted but one condition to become a formidable sect, and that was the mar tyrdom of their prophet. In a further account, the Times correspondent says that "David" suddenly left his native place, Areidosso, in 1868. 11 After some months he returned,so changed that he was scarcely re cognisable. He had let his beard grow. His person was uncared for. He walked about with his eyes aloft, spoke in short sen tences, as if inspired by some superior being, and pretended not to know either his family or friends. He had a high mission to fulfil, destined to render him great among the greatest, even immortal He recounted that when he left Arcidossb, intending to go to Rome, he met the spirit of one of his ancestors at Magliano, Tabina, who told him to go and spend the night in a cave hard by. At midnight he heard a subterranean noise like an earthquake, and saw the vault of the cavern open, and in the midst of a brilliant light beheld the Virgin Mary and St. Peter in all the majestic splendor of Paradise. ■ ' Go,' said the Virgin to him, ' and prepare a new world worthy of me, of my Son, of the Father, and of the. IIolv Ghost; we shall always be with you, in glory as in martyr dom.' 'To thee,' added St. Peter, apply ing at the same ; time a red-hot iron against his forehead, 'I give, the power of prophecy. In hoc signo vinces.' 'At that,' recounted David, ' I fell to the ground like one dead; but at dawn of day I awoke, renewed, strengthened, and in spired, and with this indelible sisrn upon my forehead. Down upon your knees and adore the hand of God;' and as he said this he lifted his broad flapped hat and dis played a fresh cicatrix in the form of a heart between two capital C's,with their backs turned towards it. His hearers, poor and ignorant peasants, half frightened at his words and this portentous sign, fell on their knees and kissed the hem of his coat. His hermitage on Monte Sacro became a centre for pilgrimages, made up partly by persons impelled by curiosity and partly • of believing followers. The [ veneration for his. saintliness, living as he did on bread, garlic, and water, steadily increased; the believers from tens increased I to' hundreds, and from hundreds to thou I sands, and they determined to build for him f on the summit of Montre Labro—more than 3,000 ft. above the level of the sea—a hermitage with a lofty tower; 12 rooms attached to it for his apostles, and a chapel containing images of the Virgin, St. Peter, and himself—not forgetting, adds one of the papers, the customary money-box for oblations. In an incredibly short space of time an immense amount of material was accumulated, and the hermitage built." It is stated that on the Sunday before the fatal conflict occurred more than 3,000 people, chiefly peasants, ascended Monte Labro to hear the prophet preach. He taught the'necessity of an equal division of property, and he induced a large number of individuals, not peasants only; but persons of substance'and even position, to make over their possessions to him by regular acts of transmission. But some thought better of it and attempted to get their pro perty back, and at the instance of one of these the prophet was arrested and taken to Scansano, the summer quarters of the Prefecture of Grosseto. The Nazione says that when the vehicle which conveyed David Lazzaretti reached the Piazza a dis tinguished personage, who then held a high legal office at Florence, threw himself upon his knee.3 before the prophet, kissed his haud, and - conducted him with all honor to "the prison, and all this coram populi; and that the President of the Society for Catholic Interests in the town and province of Grosseto an nounced urhi et orbi this new martyr and martyrdom. -The prisoner, however, was soon set at liberty, his counsel having suc ceeded in convincing the C.ourt that the prosecutor had no case, on the ground that volenti et consentienti nulla fit injuria. On another occasion an order was issued pro hibiting him to remain in the province. He then rambled for awhile about Italy, was arrested in TJmbria for vagabondage, went to France, where he remained for some time, and finally reappeared again on Monte Labro, this time accompanied by a French priest, and quickly reasserted his old in fluence in the eyes of the people. About this time he began to inveigh against' the priests, and turned his old friends into his bitterest enemies. He "announced that it was necessary to exterminate the priests and two-thirds of mankind, "who must he killed in honest battle by the Lazzaret tists, it not being possible in any other way to complete the redemption of the human race." - In one of his publications he declares:—" The new Messiah prophesies that within twelve years he will have annii hilated all the empires, kingdoms, and re publics of the universe, forming them into one sole empire, from which will depend 13 monarchies, - including that., of the Supreme Pontiff, who Only' will give laws to all the human races, reduced to a rigorous unity of religion, rites, and poli tics." It is stated, however, that recently the prophet's preaching had turned almost exclusively on the necessity for extermina tion, and that the object of the procession which was interrupted by the police, with the tragic result announced, was the divi sion of the property in the villages around Monte Amiata. ' In some quarters it is asserted .that the " prophet" is not yet dead; also that. his followers are preparing to announce his resurrection. When Soyer was chef at the Beform Club he waB constantly being bothered, relates a sport ing contemporary, to give the recipes of. his plats, which he very much objected to. One member in particular was the bane of. his .life, and Soyer was' determined to settle him. So the next time the member had some- friends to dine with him Soyer sent up a delicious salad, which gave great satisfaction to the convives.. " I'll send for Soyer," said Amphitryon, " and he shall tell me how he mixes it;" and in he came, " First of all, gentlemen, I do take de cos lettuce, and den de beetroot and den ■" "Yes we know all about the ingredients: it's the flavor we don't quite understand," inter rupted the member. " Well, sir, I den take de oil of Lucca and rub the green stuff all over, and then de vinegar, very little indeed, and— '' Yes, yes; but bow on earth do you obtain the flavor so peculiar to your salads?" "Ah, that is a very great secret—I don't think I should tell you, gentlemen." " Nonsense; it shan't go out of the Club. Now explain how you get the flavor ?" " Well, sir, I will tell you in confi dence. "' I" last of all'fake'a leetle bit of garlic, I put him in my mouth, and roll him gently ronnd for ten minutes. I den take the salad in my two hands, and I do gently breathe over him." The members never asked Soyer for any more reoipes. Printed and Published by Thomas King, aif the Offices, King William and WaymotUk streets, Adelaide - . 