[?] Sir Gibbie. By GEO. MACDONALD, LL.D. (Author of 'David Elginbrod,' 'Annals of a Quiet Neighbourhood,' &c;, &c.;) f The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Hail. ] Chapter IV.— The Parlous. The day ?went on, and went out, its short autumnal brightness quenched in a chilly fog. All along the Widdie bill, the gas was alight in the low-browed dingy shops. To the well-to-do citizen hastening home to the topmost busi ness of the day, his dinner, these looked the abodes of unlovely poverty and mean struggle. Even to those behind their counters, in their back parlours, and in their rooms above, everything about them looked common, to most of them, save the owners, wearisome. But to yon pale-faced student, gliding, in the glow of his'red gown, through the grey mist back to his lo Iging, and peeping in at every open door as he passes, they are so full of mystery, that ' gladly would he yield all he has gathered from books, for one genuine glance of insight into the vital movement «f the hearts and households of which those open shops are the sole outward and visible signs. Each house is to him a nestof human birds, over which brood the eternal wings of love and purpose. Only such different birds are hatched from the same nest! And what a nest was then the city itself !— with its university, its schools, its churches, its hospitals, its missions ; its homes, its lodging-houses, its hotels, its drinking shops, its houses, viler still ; its factories, its ships, its great steamers; and the same humanity busy in all ! — here the sickly lady walking in the panoply of love unharmed through the horrors of vicious suffering ; there the strong mother cursing her own child along half a street with an intensity and vtleness of execration unheard elsewhere ! Tho will of the brooding {spirit must be a grand one, indeed, to enclose so much of ?what cannot be its will, and turn all to its purpose of eternal good! Our knowledge of humanity, how much more our knowledge of the Father of it, is moving as yet but in the first elements. In his ehed under tire stair it had been dark for some time — too dark for work, that is, and George Galbraith had lighted a candle : he never felt at liberty to leave off so long as a man was recognizable in the street by the daylight. But now at last, with a sigh of relief, he rose. The hour of his redemption was conic, the moment of it at hand. Out wardly calm, he was within eager as a lover to reach Lucky Creole's back parlour. His hand trembled with expectation as he laid from it the awl, took from between bis knees the great boot, on the toe of which he had been stitching a patch, lifted tho yoke -of his leather apron over bis head, and threw it aside. With one hasty glance around, as if he' feared some enemy lurking near to prevent his escape, he caught up a hat which looked as if it had been brushed 'with grease, ?pulled it on his head with both hands, stepped out quickly, closed the door behind him, turned the key, left it in the lock, and made straight for his \- earthly paradise, hut -with chastened step. All Mistress Croale'8 customers made a point of looking decent in the street— jrtrovc, in their very consciousness, to carry the ex ?prcsfnons of being on their way to their tea, not their toddy — or if their toddy, then not that they desired it, but merely that it was their custom always of an afternoon ; man had no choice — he must fill spacc,*he must occupy himself ; and If so, why not Mistress Croak's the place, and the consump tion of whisky the occupation r1 But alas fur their would* be seeming indifference 1 Everybody in the lane, almost in the Widdiehill, knew every one of them, and knew him for what he was ; lcnew that every drop of toddy he drank was -to bun as to a miser his counted sovereign; know that, as the hart for the water-brooks, so thirsted his soul ever after another tumbler ; that he made haste to swallow the last drops of the present, that he might behold the plentitude of the next -steaming before him ; that, like the miser, he ?always 'understated tho amount of the treasure he had secured, because tho less lie acknowledged, the more ho thought be could claim. ; ' Georgcwasa tall man, of good figure, loosened and bowed. 1 '' His faee^was well-favoured, but not a little wronged, by the . : beard and dirt of a^week, through which it gloomed haggard and white Beneath hiB projecting black brows, bis eyes .jgleamed'donbtful,-as a wood-fire -where white ash dims the glow. He looked neither to right nor left, but walked on ?with moveless dull gaze, noting nothing. ' Yon'sTiis ain-ron»t enemy |' -said 'the kindly grocer -wife, ob hepassed her door. ''JLyJ1 responded her customer, who kept a chop near by ^ot old furature, or anything that had been already once possessed — ' ay, I daursay. TJut he ! to 6eo that puir -: '' ''^egleddt'bairno'Tiis rin soooriri* aboot the toon yon gait— ^wi'littleo' a jacket but the collar, atf naethingo* the breeks \- ' -but the doup— eh, ^yoman'J itniak'6 a anther's hart sair to lirikupo'. 't. If s a providence 'at his mither^s weol awa' an' canna 6ee't ; it wadgar her turn in her grave.' ? Georg6'W«B the -first arrival at Mistress Croale's that night. He opened the door of the fibop like * thief, and ghoed eoftlyinto the dim -parlour were the candles wore -notyet lit. 'There wae light-enough, however, from the busy little fire in the frate, to show ihe clean 6anded floor which it crossed with flickering shadows, the coloured prints (and cases of stuffed birds on the walls, 1he full-rigged barque suspended from the centre of the ceiling, and, chief of all .-show of 'heaven or earth, the'black bottle on the table, with the tumblers, each holding its ladle, and its wine glass turned bottom upwards. Sbr must I omit apart, without -which the rest could not have been a whole— the kettle of water that-sat on -the hob, softly crooning. Compared with ; the place were XJeorgo had been at work all day this was indeed an earthly ^paradise, Nor -was the presence and appearance of Mistress Croale an insignificant element in the paradisial character fof the place. She was now in a clean white cap with blue ribbons. Her hair was neatly, ?divided, and drawn back: from her forehead. Every trace of -dirt and untidiness had disapeared from her person, , ?which -was one of importance both in size and in bearing. 8he wore a gown of some dark stuff with bright flowers on it, and a blaok silk apron. Her face was composed, almost to ffpfliypgg, and 'throughout the evening, during ' which she -waited in person upon her customers, she comported her . eelf -with such dignity that her slow step and stately carriage seemed rather to belong tq^ the assistant at some religious ceremony, than to one -who ministered at the orgies of a few drunken tradespeople. She was seated on the horsehair sofa in the fire twilight, 'waiting forher customers, when the face of Galbraith came peering round the door-cheek. . ' Come aW ben,' she 6aid, hospitably, and rose. But as she did «o, she added with a little change of tone, ' But I'm thinkin' ye maun hae forgotten, Sir George. This is Setterdaynicht ye ken; an' gien it war to be Sunday mornin' afore ye wan toyerbed, itwndna be the first time, am' ye mich na-be up ear-enouch to getyersel 6haved afore kirk'-time.' She knew as veil, as George himself, that never by any chance -did he go to church ; but it was her custom, as I fancy it is that of some other bulwarks of society and pillars of the church, 'for the sake of example,' I ~~ * presume, to make not unirequcnt allusion to certain observ ances — moral, religions, or sanatory— as if they were laws that everybody kept. . . . : Galbraith lifted hie hand, black, and embossed with cobbler's wax, and rubbed it thoughtfully over his chin ; le accepted flie fiction offered him : it was' the well-known prologue to a hebdomadal passage between them. ' What if neoid not intend going to church the next day? 'Was that | any neson why he ehonld not look a little tidier when his hard ?wetfc's ?work -was over, and his nightly habit was turned into the comparatively harmless indulgence of a Saturday, in sure lwpe-* the day of rest behind. . ' Troth, I diftaa mm' 'at it was Serterday,' heanswered. ' ? ? . ?' I wtuss 1 had pitieq on a clean sark, an' washen my face. But I*' jiet gang ower *o the barber's an' get a scrape, an' maybe comeo' fliem '3J be here or I conic back.' Mistress Croale knew pertly that there was no clean Ebirtin George's garret. She knew also that the shirt he then wore, ?which probably, in consideration of her maid's festered hand, she would wash for him herself, was one of her late husband's which she had given him. But George's speech was one of those forms of sound words held fast by .all who frequented Mistress Croale's parlour, and by her 'eelf estimated at more than their worth. The woman had a genuine regard for Galbraith. If either the character nor fate of one of the rest gave her a moment's trouble : but in her secret mind she deplored that George should drink so inordinately, and so utterly neglect his child as to let him spend hie'life in the streets? She com forted herself, however, with the reflection, that seeing he would drink, he drank with no bad companions, drank at all events where, what natural wickedness might be in them, -was suppressed by the sternness of her rule. 'Were he to leave her fold for a fold in very truth, and not a Bty, it appeared to her — and wander away to Jock Tham son's or Jemie Deuk's, he would be drawn into loud and indecorous talk, probably into quarrel and uproar. In a few minutes George returned, an odd contrast visible between the upper and lower halves of his face ; hearing his approach she met him at the door. 'Noo, Sir George,' she said, ' jiet gang up to my room an' hae a wash, an' pit on the sark ye'll see lyin* upo' the bed ; syne come doon an' hae yer tum'ler comfortable.' ' George's whole fonl -was bent upon his drink, but he obeyed as if she had been twice his mother. By the time he had finished his toilet, the usual companvwas assembled, and he appeared amongst them in all the respectability of a clean shirt, and what purity besides the general adhe siveness of his trade-material would yield to a single ablu tion long delav. They welcomed him all, witbnod, or grin, or merry word, individual fashion, as each sat measuring out his whisky, or pounding at the slow dissolving sugar, or tasting the mixture, with critical soul seated between tongue and palate. The conversation was for some time very dull, with a strong tendency to the censorious. For in their circle, not only were the claims of respectability silently admitted, but the conduct of this and that man of their acquaintance, or of public note, was pronounced upon with understood reference to those claims — now with smile of incredulity or pity, now with head-shake regretful or con demnatory — ana ling all the time that each was doing his best to reduce himself to a condition in which the word conduct could no longer have meaning in reference to him. All of them, ns did their hostess, addressed Galbraith as Sir George, and he accepted thetitlo'with a certain unassum ing dignity. For, if it was not universally known in the city, it was known to the befit lawyers in it, that he was a baronet by direct derivation from the hand of King James the sixth. The fire burned cheerfully, and the kettle making many journeys between it and the* table, things gradually grew more lively. Stories were told, often without any point, but not therefore without effect ; reminiscences, sorely pulpy and broken at the edges, were offered and accepted with a laughter in which ?sober ears might have detected a strangely alien sound ; and adven tures were related in which truth -wss no necessary ele ment to reception. In the case of the postman, for instance, who had been dismissed for losing a bag of letters the -week before, not one of those present believed a word he paid ; yet, as he happened to be endowed with a small stock of genuine humour, his stories were regarded with much the same favour as if tlrcy had been authentic But the rival scarcely reached Sir George. He said lirfle or noth ing, but, between his slow gulps of toddjvsat looking vacantly into, his glass. It is true he smiled* absently now and then when the others kughed, but that was only for manners. Doubtless he was seeing somewhere the saddest of all visions— the things that might have been. The wretched cravings of the lower organs stilled, and something spared for hi6 brain, I believe the chief joy ni6 drink gave him lay in the power -once more to feel himEelf a gentleman. Tho washed hands, the shaven face, the clean shirt, had something to do ?with it, no doubt, but tfcenecromatic whisky had far more, 'What faded ghosts of ancestral drgnitr and worth and 6torv the«vil potion called up in tfacminS of Sir George 3 — who himself hung ready to fall, t&elftSt;, or all but the last, mildewed fruit of the tree of tJalbraith ! Ah ! if this one and that of are ancestors had but lived to his conscience, and with some thought of those that vrere'to come after him, he ?would not have transmitted to poor Sir George, in honible addition to moral ?weakness, that physical 'pro- clivity which hnd now grown to such a hideous craving. To flic miserable wretch himself it 6eeincd that he could no more keep from drinking wh isfey than he could from breath ing air. CHArTER V.— CflliniE'S CALLrXG, X am not sure that his father's neglect was not on the whole better for Gibbie than'would hayc been the tdndness of such -a father persistenttly embodying itsolf. But '? the picture of Sir George, by flic help of whisky and the mild batching oven of Mistress'Croale's parlour, softly breaking from the shelf of the cobbler, and .floating a mild gentleman in the ah- of his lukewarm imagination, and poor wee Gibbie trotting outside in the frosty dank of the autumn night, throuch -which the moon keens starine- down, vaeue ami disconsolate, is hardlyfherefore the less pathetic. Under the ?window of the parlour -where the light of revel shone radiant through a red 'curtain, he would stand listening for a moment, then, darting off a few yards suddenly and swiftly like a scared bird, fall at once into bis own 'steady trot — up the lane and 'down, till he reached the window again, ?where again ie -would stand and listen. Whether he made this departure and return twenty or a hundred times in -a night, lie »or any one ?else coald have told. Sometimes he would fora change extend hit, trot along the Widdiehill, sometimes along the parallel V«nnel, but never far from Jink-lane and its glowing -window. Never moth haunted lamp so. persistently. Even as he Tan, up this pavement and down that ,--an the soft-sounding soles of his bare feet, the Finite on the boy's face grew more and more sleepy, but still he aniled and still he trotted, still paused at die -window, and still started afresh. He was not so much to be pitied as my reader anay think. Never in his life faa-l he yet pitied himself. The thought of hardship or wrong bad not occurred to him. It would have been difficult — impossible, I believe — to get the idea into bis head that existence bore to him any other shape than it ought. Things were with him as thiey had always been, and whence was he to take a fresh start, and question what had been from the beginning ? Had any authority interfered, with a decree that Gibbie should no more scour the midnight streets, no more pass and repass that far shining splendour of red. then indeed would bitter, though ' inarticulate complaint, have burst from his. bosom. But there was no evil power to issue such a command, and Gibbie1 6 peace was not invaded. ' It was now late, and those streets were empty ; neither carriage nor cart, wheelbarrow nor truck, went* any more bumping and clattering over their stones. They were well lighted with gas, but most of the bordering houses were dark. Now and then a single foot-farer passed with loud, hoilow-eounding boots along the pavement ; or two girls would come laughing along, their merriment echoing rude in the wide stillness, A cold wind, a small, forsaken, soli tary wind, moist with a thin fog, seemed, as well as wee Gibbie, tq be roaming die night, for it met him at various corners, and from all directions. But it had nothing to do, and nowhere to go, and there it was not like Gibbie, the business of whose life was even now upon him, the mightiest hope of whose conscious being was now awake. All he expected, or ever desired to discover, by listening at the window, wns simply ?whether there were yet signs of the company's breaking up ; aud his conclusions on that point were never mistaken :. how he arri veil'. at -them it would be hard lo say. Seldom had he there heard the voice of his father, still seldomer anything beyond its tone. This night, however, as the time 'drew near .when they must go, lest the Sabbath should be broken in Mistress Croale's decent house, and Gibbie stood oncemoreon tiptoe, with bis head just on the level of the window- gill, he heard his father utter two words : 'Up Daurside ' came to him through the window, in the voice he loved, plain and dis tinct. The words conveyed to him nothing at all ; the mere hearing of them made them memorable. For the time, however, he forgot them, for, by indications best known to himself, he perceived that the company was on the point of separating, and from that moment did not take his eyes off the door until he heard the first sounds of its opening. As, however, it was al\rays hard for Gibbie to stand fitill, and especially hard on a midnight so cold that Lie feel threatened to grow indistinguishable from the slabs of the pavement, he was drivpn, in order not to lose sight of it, to practise the art, already cultivated by him to a crab-b'ke perfection, of running first backwards, thentor waitfc with scarcely superior speed. But it was not Jong ere ihe much expected sound of Mistress Croale's voice heralded the hour for patience to blossom into possession. The voice was neither loud nor harsh, but clear and [firm ; the noise that followed was both loud and strident v oices bad a part in it, but the movement of chairs and feet, and the redden contact of different portions of the body with walls aEd tables, had a larger. The guests were obeying the voice of their hostess all in one, like'a flock of sheep, but it was poor *hepherd-work to turn them out of the fold at midnight. Gibbie bonnded up and stood still as a statue at the vc-iv door-cheek, until he heard Mistress Croale's band upon the lock, when he bolted, trembling with eagerness, into the entrv of a conrt a few houses nearer to the Widdie hill. One after one the pitiable company issued from its para dice, and each stumbled away, too far gone for leave taking. Most of them passed Gibbie where he stood, but he took no heed : his father was always the last, and the least capable. But, often as he left her door, never did it.close behind him until, with her own eyes, Mistress Croale had seen Gibbie dart like an imp out 6f the court—take him in charge, and, all the weary way home hover, not very like a guardian angel, but not the less one in truth, around the unstable equilibrium of his father's tall and swaying form. And thereupon commenced a series of marvellous gym nastics on the part of -wee Gibbie. Imagine a small boy with a gigantic top, which, six times his own size, he keeps erect on its peg, not by whipping it round, but by running round it himself, unfailingly applying, at the very spot, and at ibe v«y moment, the precise measure of impact necessary to counterbalance its perpetual tendency to fall in one direction or another, «- that the two have all the air of a single invt'n'tkin'-^such an invention as dne might meet with in an ancient clock, contrived when meniiad time to mingle play with «arnest?--and you will have in your mind'seye a real likeness of Sir George attended, «n^ midnight in the week, by his son Gilbert. Home the big one staggered, reeled, gyrated, and tumbled ; round and round him went the little one, now behind, now before, now on this side, now on that, his feet never more thaii touching the ground, but dancing about like those of a prize- fighter, his little amis up and hi6 hands XeeH forward, like flying buttresses. And such indeed they were — buttresses which flew and flew all about a universally leaning tower. They propped it he-re, they propped it there ; with wonderful judgment and skill and graduation of force they applied themselves, and with perfect success. Not once, for the last year and a half, during which time wee Gibbie iwd been the nightly guide of Sir George's homeward steps, had the self-disabled niass fallen prostrate in the gutter, there to snore out the night. The first special difficulty, that of turning the corner of Jink-lane and the Widdiehill, successfully overcome, the twain went reeling and revolving along tie street, much like a whirlwind that had half forgotten the laws of gyration, until at length it spun into the court, and up to t£e foot of the outside stair over the baronet's workshop. Then commenced the real struggle of the evening for Gibbie — and for his father, too, though the latter was aware of it only in the momentary and 'evanescent flashes of such ?enlightenment «6 made him just capable of yielding to the pushes and pulls of the former. All up the outside and £he two inside stair6, his walking and sleeping -were as the alternate tic-tac of a pendulum ; but Gibbie stuck to his business like a man, and bis resolution and perseverance ?were at length, as always, crowned with victory. The house in which, lords and ladies hnd often reposed ?was now filled 'with very humble folk, who were all asleep ?when Gibbie and his liather entered ; but the 'noise they made in ascending «aused no great disturbance of their rest; for, if any of them Trore roused for a moment, it was but to ; *ecogni6e at once ihe cause of the tumult, and Arith the i *anark, ' It's only wee Gibbie luggin' Sir George hamo,'' to turn on the other side and fall asleep again. Arrived at last at the garret door, which stood wide open, Gibbie had temallneed of light in the nearly 'pitch dark ness of die place, for there was positively nothing to stumble over ?or against between the door and the ancient four-post bed, which was all -cff his father's -'house, that remained 4o Sir George. Wh3i heavy -shuffling feet the drunkard lumbered laboriously bedwartl ; and the bare posts and crazy frame groaned ana creaked as lie fell -upon the oat-chaff -feat lay waiting him in place of the vanished luxury -of feathers. WeeOibbieflewat his legs, nor rested until, the one after the ether, he [had got them on the bed ; if fiien thej' were not very comfortably deposited, he knew that, in hi6 first ?.turn, then- owner -would getthem all right. And now rose tfee culmen of 'Gibhie's day ! its cycle, rounded through regions of banfehmeat,Teturned to its nodus ?of bliss. In triumph he spread over his sleeping father his dead mother'* old plaid of Gordon 'tartan, all the bed ding they had, and without a moment's farther delay— no shoos even to put off— crept under-it,.and nestled close upon flie bosom of his unconscious parent. A victory more! another da y ended ?with success! 'his father safe, * and all ihis-rwn ! the canopy of the ^darkness and the plaid over them, as if they -were theone'onlviwo in the universe! his father -unable to leave him— 4his ?for -whole dark' hours to come! It was -Jibbie's paradise now! His heaven was bis father's bosom, to whic& he dung as no infant yet ever clung to his mother's. He never thought to pity himself, fhat the embrace was all -on (his side, that no answering pressure came back from fine prostrate form. He never said to himself, ' My father is a drunkard, but I must makethebe6t«f it; 'he is all I lhave.' He clung to his one possession — only clung: 'this was his father — all in all to mm. What must be the bliss of such a heart — of any heart, -when it comes to know 'that there is a father of fathers, yea, a father of fatherhood ! a father who never slumbers nor sleeps, but holds all the sleeping in His ever waking bosom — a bosom 'whose -wakefulnesE is the sole fountain of their slumber. The conscious bliss of the -cni3d was of short duration, for in a few minutes he was fast asleep; but for the gain of those few minutes only, the-day had been well spent. Chapter yi.— A Scndat at Home. Such were the events of ?every night, and such had they been since Gibbie 'first assumed this office of guardian — a time so long in proportion to ias life that it seemed reached. It was to him as one of tbe 'krwsof existence that fathers got drunk and Gibbies took oare of them. But Saturday night was always one of special bliss ; for then the joy to come spread its arms beneath and .around the present delight: all Sunday his father would be his. On that happiest day of all the week, he never set liis foot out of doors, except to run twice to Mistress Croale's, once to fetch the dinner, which, she Eupplied from her own table, and for which Sir George regularly paid in advanos on Saturday before commencing his potations. . .'?''?- But indeed the streets -were not attractive to the child on Sundays .: there were no shops open, tind the people in their Sunday clothes, many of them with their faces studiously settled into masks intended to express righteousness, were far less interesting, because less alive, than the same people in their work -day attire, in their shops, or seated at their stalls, or driving their carte, and looking throughly human. As to going to church himself, such an idea had never entered his head. He had not once for a moment imagined that anybody would like him to go to church, that such as he ever went to church, that church was at all a place to which Gibbies with fathers to look after should have any desire to go. As to what church-going meant, he had not the vaguest idea ; it had not even waked the glimmer of a question in his mind. All he knew was that people went to church on Sundays:. ? It was another of the laws of existence, the reason of which he knew no more than why his father went evc-ry night 'to Jink-Line 'and got drunk. George, however, although he had taught his son nothing, was not without religion, and had notions of duty in respect of the Sabbath. Not even with the prize of whisky in view, would he have conisentcd to earn a sovereign on that day by the lightest of work. Gibbie was .awake some time before bis father, and lay revelling in love's bliss of proximity. At length Sir George, the merest bubble of nature, awoke, and pushed him from him. ? The child got up at once, but only to stand' by the bed «de. He said no word, did not oven think an impatient thought, yet his father seemed to feel that he was waiting for him. 'After two or three huge yawns, he spread out his ajmp. but, unable to stretch himself, yawned again, rolled himself off the bed, and crept feebly across the room to an v empty ehcbt that stood under the skylight. There he seated1 himself, and for half -an-hour sat motionless, a perfect type ' of delapidation, moral and physical, while a little way off stood Gibbie, looking on, like one awaiting a resurrection. ? At length he seemed to come to himself — the expected 'sign ? of which was that he reached down his hand towards the meeting of roof and floor and took up a tiny lost- with a ? half -made boot upon it. At sight of it ia his father's hands, Gibbie chipped his hands with delight-^anold delight, . renewed every Sunday since he could r&teinber.; That boot was for him ! and this being the second, the pair would be finished before nigW:! By glbw degeees of revival, -with many pauses between, 'Gebrge got to ?work. He wanted no breakfast, and made no inquiry of Gibbie whether he had had any. But Vhat cared Gibbie about breakfast ! With bis father ail to himself, and that father working away at a new boot for him — for him who haol never had a pair of any sort upon his feet since the woollen ones he -wore in his mother's lap, breakfast or no breakfast was much the same to him. It could never have occurred to him that it was his father's part to provide him with breakfast. If he was to have none, it was Sunday that was to blame : there was no use in going to look for any when the shops were all shut, and everybody elfiler at church, or close in domestic penetralia, or out for a walk. More than contented, therefore, while busily his father wedded welt and sole with stitches infrangible, Gibbie sat on the floor, preparing waxed ends, carefully sticking in the hog's bristle, and rolling the combination, with quite professional aptitude, between the flat of his hand and what of trouser- ? leg he had left, gazing eagerly between at the advancing masterpiece. Occasionally the triumph of expectation would exceed his control, when he would spring from the floor, and caper and strut about like a pigeon — soft as a shadow, for he .knew his father could not bear noise in the morning — or behind his back execute a pantomimic dumb ? enow of delight, in which he seemed with difficulty to restrain himself from jumping upon him, .and hugging him in his ecstasy. Oh best of parents ! working thus even on a Sunday for his Gibbie, when everybody else was at church enjoying himself ! But Gibbie never dared hug his father except when he was drunk— why, he could hardly have told Relieved by his dumb show, he would return, quiet as an aged grimalkin, and again deposit himself on the floor near his father, where he could see his busy hands. All this time Sir George never spoke a word Incredible as it may seem, however,' he was continually, off and on, trying h'is hardest to think of some Sunday lesson to give his child. Many of those that knew the boy, regarded him as a sort of idiot, drawing the conclusion from Gibbie's practical honesty and his too evident love for his kind; it was incredible that a child should be poor, unselfish, loving, and not deficient in intellect ! His father knew him better, he often quieted his conscience, yet in regard to his educa tion, with the reflection that not much could be done for him. Still every now and then he would think perhaps he ought to do something : who could tell but the child might be damned for not understanding the plan of salvation. And brooding over the matter this morning, as -well as bis head aehe would permit, he came to the resolution, as he had often done before, to buy a Shorter Catechism : the boy could not leam it, but he would keep reading it to him, and something might stick. Even now perhaps he could begin the course of recalling some of the questions and answers that had been the plague of his life every Saturday atechool. He set his recollection to work, therefore, in the lumber room of bis memory, and again and again sent it back to the task, but could find nothing belonging to the catechism, except the first question with its answer, and a few inco herent fragments of others. Moreover, he found bis mind ro confused and incapable of continuous or concentrated ( efiioit, that he could not even keep ' man's chief end ' and' the rosined end between his fingers from twisting up together in the most extraordinary manner. Yet if the child but 'had put the question,' he might get some' good1, of it. The hour might come when he would say KBy father taught me that!' who could tell ? And fie knew he had thewords correct, wherever he dropped the meaning. For the sake of Gibbie's immoral part, therefore, he would repeat the answer to that first, most momentous of questions, over and over ashe worked, in the hope of insinuating something — he could not say what — into the small mental pocket of the innocent. The' first, therefore, and almost the only words ?which Gibbie heard from his father's lips that morning,, ?were these, dozens of times repeated — ' Man's chief end is' to glorify God, and to enjoy him for ever.' But so- fin: \vas: Gibbie from perceiving in them any meaning, that even: with hip fathers pronunciation of chtefend as ckifenn, they roused in his mind no sense or suspicion of obscurity'. The1 word stuck there, notwithstanding ; but Gibbie was years u man before he found out what a cliifenn was. Where was the great matter ? How many who have learned their cate chism, and deplore the ignorance of others, make the least effort to place their chief end even in the direction of that of their creation ? It is not the constant thwarting of their aims, the rendering of their desires futile, ana their ends & mockery, that alone prevents them and their liycs feom' proving an absolute failure ? Sir George, with hEsnuverate, consuming thirst for whisky, was but the type of : all who would gain their bliss after the scheme of their own fancies,, instead of the scheme of their existence ; wio would build their house after their own childish wilfnJhess instead of the' ground-plan of their being. How was Sir George to1 glorify the God whom he could honestly thank for nothing but whisky, the sole of his gifts that he prized 'i Over and' over that day he repeated the words, 'Man's chief end iw to glorify God, and to enjoy him for ever,' and all the time his imagination, his desire, his hope, were centred on the bottle, which with his very back he felt where it stood behind him, away on the floor at the head of his bed. Nevertheless when he' had gone over them a score of times or so, and Gibbie had begun, by a merry look and nodding of bis head, to manifest that he' knew what was coming next, the father felt more content with himself than for years past ; and when he was satisfied that Gibbie knew all the words, though, indeed, they were' hardly more than sounds to him, he sent him, with a great sense of relief, to fetch the broth and beef and potatoes from* Mistress Croale's. Eating a real dinner in his father's house, though without a table to set it upon, Gibbie felt himself a most privileged person. The only thing that troubled him was that his' father ate 60 little. Not until the twilight began to show did Sir George really begin to revive, but the darker it grew ?without, the brighter his spirit burned. For, amongst not a few others, there was this strange remnant of righteous ness in the man, that he never would taste drink before it was dark in -winter, or in summer before the regular hour for ceasing -work had arrived ; and to this rule he kept, and', that under far greater difficulties, on the Sunday as welL for Mistress Croale would not sell a drop of drink, not even on the sly, on the Sabbath-day : she would fain have some stake in the hidden kingdom ; and George, who had not a Sunday stomach he could assume for the day any morethan a Sunday coat, was thereby driven to provide his whisky, and that day drink it at home; when, with the bottle so near him, and the sensethat he had not to go out to find his relief , his resolution was indeed sorely tried ; but he felt that to yield would be to cut his last cable, and be swept on the lee-shore of utter rain. Breathless with eager interest, Gibbie watched Ms father's hands, and just as the darkness closed in, the boot was finished. His father rose, and Gibbie, glowing with delight, sprung upon the seat he had left, while his' father knelt upon the floor to try upon the unaccustomed foot the result from which he had Just drawn the last. Ah, pity I pity ! But even Gibbie might by this time have* learned to forsee it ! three times already had the same^ thing happened ; the boot would not go on the foot. The' real cause of the failure it were useless to inquire. Sir George raid that, Sunday being the onlv day he could give to the boots, before he could finish them, Gibbie's feet had always outgrown the measure ; but it way be Sir George was not so good a maker as cobbler. That 'he meant hoEwtJy by the boy I am sure, and not the less sure for the coufemen I am forced to make, that on'each occasion, when he thus failed to fit him, he sold the boots, the next day at a fair price to a ready- made- shopTand drank the proceeds. A stranger thing still was, that, although Gibbie had never yft worn boot or shoe, his father's conscience was greatly relieved by the knowledge that he spent his Sundays in mckirp boots for him. Had he been an ordinary child, and given him trouble, he would possibly have hated him ; as it was. he tad a great, though sadly inoperative, affection for the Icy, which was an endless good to them both. After many bootless trials, bootless the feet murt remain, and George, hiving the failure down in despair, rose from his knees, and left Gibbie seated on the chest more like a kirg discrowned, than a beggar unshod. And like a Jang tbe little beggar bore his pain. He heaved one sigh, and a slew moisture gathered in his eyes, bat it did not overflow. One minute only he eat and hugged his desolation— then, missing his father, jumped off the box to find him. He eat on the edge of the bed, looking infinitely more disconsolate than Gibbie felt, his head and hands hanging down, a picture of utter dejection. Gibbie bounded to him, climbed on the bed, and nearly strangled -»m in the sharp embrace of his little arms. Sir George took him on his fateee and kissed him, and the tears rose in his dull eyes. He got up with him, carried him to the box, placed him on it once more, and fetched a piece of brown paper from under the bed. From this he tore carefully several slips, with which he then proceeded to take a most thoughtful measure ment of the baming foot. He was far more to be pitied than. Gibbie, who would not have worn the boots an hour tad they been the best fit in shoedom. The soles of his feet were very nearly equal in resistance to leather, and at least until the snow and hard frost came, he was better without boots. But now the darkness had fallen, and his joy was at the door. But he was always too much ashamed to begin to drink before the child ; he hated to uncork the bottle before iiim. What followed was in regular Sunday routine. ' Gang ower to Mistress Croale'6, Gibbie,' he said, 41 wi' my compliments.' Away ran Gibbie, nothing loath, and at his knock was admitted. Mistress Croale sat in [the parlour, taking her tea, and expecting him. She was always kind to the child. She could not help feeling that no small part of what ought to be spent on him came to her ; and on Sundays therefore, partly for his sake, partly for her own, she always gave him his tea — nominally tea, really blue city-milk, with as much dry bread as he could eat, and a bit of buttered toast from her plate to finish off with. As he ate, he stood at the other side of the table : he looked so miserable in her eves that, even before her servant, she was ashamed to have Km sit with her, but Gibbie was quite content, never thought ? -of sitting, and ate in gladness, every now and then looking ap with loving grateful eyes, whicfi must have gone right to the woman's heart, had it not been for a vague sense 6he had of being all the time his enemy— and that, although she spent much time in persuading herself that she did her best both for his father and him. When he returned, greatly refreshed, and the boots all but forgotten, he found his father, as he knew he would, already started on the business of the evening. He had drawn the chest, the only seat in the room, to the side of the bed, against which he leaned his back. A penny candle was burning in a stone blacking bottle on the chimney piece, and on the floor beside the chest stood the bottle of whisky, a jug of water, a stoneware mug, and wine-glass. There was no fire and no kettle, whence his drinking was sad, as became the Scotch Sabbath, in distinction from the Jewish. There, however, was the drink, and thereby his eouI could live — yea, expand her mouldy wings! Gibbie was far from shocked ; it was all right, and in the order of things, and be went up to his father with radiant counten ance. So George put forth his hands and took him between his knees. An evil wind now swelled his sails, but the cargo of the crazy human hull was not therefore evil. ' Gibbie,' he said solemnly, 'never ye drink a drap o' whusky. Never ye rax oot the han' to the boatle. Never ye drink anything but watter, caller watter, my man.' As he said the words, he stretched out his own hand to the mug, lifted it to bis lips, and swallowed a great gulp. 41 Dinna do't, I tell ye, Gibbie,' he repeated. Gibbie shook his head with positive repudiation. 'That's right, my man,' responded his father with satisfaction. ' Gien ever I see ye pree {taste) the boatle, I'll waretle frae my grave an' fleg ye oot o' the sma' wuts ye hae, my man.' Here followed another gulp from the mug. The threat had conveyed nothing to Gibbie. Even had he understood, it would nave carried anything but terror t j his father worshipping heart. ' Gibbie,' resumed Sir George, after a brief pause, 'div ye ken what fowk '11 ca ye whan I'm deid ! ' Gibbie again shook his head— with expression this time of mere ignorance. ' They'll ca' ye Sir Gibbie Galbraith, my man,' said his father, ' an' richtly, for it'll be no nickname, though some ' may lauch cause yer father was a sutor, an' mair 'at, for a that, jre liae-na a shee to yer fut yersel', puir fellow ! Heedna ye what they say, Gibbie. Min' 'at ye're Sir Gibbie, an' hae the honour o' the faimily to haud up, my man — an' that ye can not dee an' drink. This cursit drink's been the ruin o' a' the Galbraiths as far back as I ken. . 'Maist the only thing I can min' o' my gran'father — a big bonny man, wi' lang white hair — twise as big's me, Gibbie — is 6eein' him deid drink i' the gutter o' the Pump. He drank 'maist a' thing there was, Gibbie — Gibbie— lan's an' lordship, till there was hardly an accre left upo' haill Daurside to come to my father— 'maist naething but a wheen «ma' hooses. He was a guid man, my father; but his father learnt him to drink afore he ,was 'maist oot o' 's coaties, an gae him nae schuilin ; an' gien he red himsel' o' a' 'at was left, it was sma' won'er— only, ye see, Gabbie, . what was to come o' me ? I pit it till ye, Gibbie — what was to come o' me ? Gien a kin' neiper, 'at kent what it was to drink, an' sae had a fellow-feelin', hadna ta'en an' learnt me my trade, the Lord kens what wad hae come o' you an' me, Gibbie, my man ! — Gang to yer bed, noo, an' lea' me to my ain thouchts ; no' 'at they're aye the best o' company, laddie. But whiles they're no that ill,' he concluded, with a weak smile, as some reflex of himself not quite unsatisfactory gloomed faintly in the besmeared mirror of his uncertain consciousness. Gibbie obeyed, and getting under the Gordon tartan, lay and looked out, like a weasel from its hole, at his father's back. For half an hour or so Sir George went on drinking. All at once he started to his feet, and turning towards the bed a white face distorted with agony, kneeled down on the box and groaned out : ' O God, the pains o' hell hae gotten haud upo' me. O Lord, I'm i' the grup o' Sawtan. The deevil o' drink has me by the hause. I doobt, O Lord, ye're gauin' to damn me dreidfu'. What guid that'll do ye. O Lord, I dinna ken, but I doobt na ye'll dee what's richt, only I wuss I hed never crossed ye i' yer wull . I kenna what I'm to dee, or what's to be deene wi' me, or whaur ony help's to come frae. I hae tried an' tried to maister the drink, but I was aye whumled. For ye see, Lord, kennin' a' thing as ye dee, 'at until I hae a drap i' my skin, I caana even think ; I canna min' the sangs I used to sing, or the prayers my mither learnt me sittin' upo' her lap. Till I hae swallowed a mou'fu' or twa, things luik sae awfu'-like 'at I'm fit to cut my thro't; an' syne, ance I'm begun, there's nae mair thoucht o' endeevourin' to be and (withhold} till I canna drink a drap mair. O God, what garred ye mak things 'at wad mak whusky, whan ye kenned it wad mak sic a beast 0'me?' He paused, stretched down his hand to the floor, lifted the mug, and drank a huge mouthful ; then, with a cough that Bounded apologetic, set it down, and recommenced : ' O Lord, I doobt there's nae houp for me, for the verra river o' the watter o' life wodna be guid to me wantin' a drap frae the boatle intil't. It's the w'y wi' a' hiz 'at drinks. It's no 'at we're drunkards, Lord— -owna! it's no that, Lord' it's only 'at we canna dee wantin' the drink. We're sair drinkers, I maun confess, but no jist drunkards, Lord. a I'm no drunk the noo ; I ken what I'm sayin', an' it's sair trowth, but I cudna hae prayt a word to yer lord ship, gien I hadna had a jooggy or twa first. 0 Lord, deliver me frae the pooer o' Sawtan. O Lord ! O Lord ! I canna help mysel'. Dinna sen' me to the ill place. Ye loot-die deils gang intil the swine, lat me tee.' _ W^th this frightful petition, his utterance began to .grow indistinct. Then he fell forward upon the bed, groaning, and his voice died gradually away. Gibbie had listened to all he said, but the awe of hearing his father talk .to one ' unseen, made his soul very still, and when lie ceased he fell asleep. ? ? ? . Alas for the human soul inhabiting a drink- fouled brain ! It is ahuman soul still^and wretched, in the midst of all that whisky can do for it. From the pit of hell it cries out. So long as there is that which can sin, it i6 a man. And the prayer of misery carries its own justification, when the sober petitionsjof the self-richteous and the unkind are rejected. He who forgives not is not forgiven, and the prayer of the Pharisee is as the weary beating of the surf of hell, while the cry of a soul out of its fire sets the heart sbings of love trembling. There are sins which men must leave behind them, and sins which they must carry with them. Society scouts the drunkard because he is loithsome, and_ it matters nothing whether society be right or wrong, while it cherishes in its very bosom vices which are, to toe -Jod-born thing we call the soul, yet worse poisons. Drunkards and sinners, hard as it may be ior them to enter into the kingdom of heaven, must yet be easier to save than the man whose position, reputa tion, money, engross his heart and his care, who seeks the praise of men and not the praise of God. When I am more of a Christian, I shall have learned to be sorrier for the man whose end is money or social standing than for the drunk ard. But now my heart, recoiling from the one is sore for the other— for the agony, the helplessness, the degradation, the nightmare struggle, the wrongs and cruelties com mitted, the duties neglected, the sickening ruin of mind and heart. So often, too, the drunkard is originally a style of man immeasurably nobler than the money-maker ! Com pare a Coleridge, Samuel Taylor, or Hartley, with— no ; that man has not yet passed to his account. God has in his universe furnaces for the refining of gold, as well as for the burning of chaff and tares and fruitless branches; and, however they may have offended, it is the elder brother who is the judge of all the younger ones. Gibbie slept' some time. When he woke, it was pitch dark, and he was not lying on his father's bosom. He felt about with his hands till he found his father's head. Then he got up and tried to rouse him, and failing to get him on to the bed. But in that too he was sadly unsuccessful : what with the darkness, and the weight of him, the result of his boy's best endeavour was, that Sir George had slip bed, half rolled down upon the box, and from that to the floor. Assured then of his own helplessness, wee Gibbie dragged the miserable bolster from the bed, and got it under his father's head ; then covered him with the plaid, and creeping under it. laid himself on hie father's bosom, where Boon he slept again. He weke very cold, and getting up, turned heelsover head several times to warm himself, but quietly, for his father was still asleep. The room was no longer dark, for the moon was shining through the skylight. When he had got himself a little warn er, he turned to have a look at his father. The pale light shone full upon his face, and it was that, Gibbie thought, which made him look so strange. He darted to him, and stared aghast : he had never seen him look like that before, even when most drunk ! He threw himself upon him : his face was dreadfully cold. He pulled and shook him in fear— he could not have told of what, but he would not wake. He was gone to see what God could do for him there, for whom nothing more could be done here. But Gibbie did not know anything about death, and went on trying to wake him. At lost he observed that, although his mouth was wide open, the breath did not come from it. Thereupon his heart began to fail him. But when he lifted an eyelid, and saw what was under it, the house rang with' the despairing shriek of the little orphan. 