Archbishop Vaughan's Second Pastoral» IÍEVEKKND AND DEAK BltETirKEN, AKP DüAlt ClIILMlEX IN JKSDS CUBIST.-Though tue Catholic Church is by far the most formidable opponent of the great apostacy, still she is not its sole opponent. Her foes themselves, if they possess any sound heart of Christianity, ure compelled, in self-preservation, to set themselves against it: nor does it follow from their being nt one in this, that they arc mutual friends ; because two men, for their own private reasons, hate a third mau, that does not even tend to provo that they love each other. Those who profess tho Catholic faith, and those who protest agaiustthat faith, can, for causes Itnowu to themselves, and thoso causes may Lo radically different, strike ont against one and tho sanio antagonist. Thus, tho Catholic Church and tho English natiou, whilst conflicting with each other, aro compelled, hy force of principle, to resist the advances of the great apostacy. Tho English nation, though it bo not Catholic, is still in many ways prolonndly Christian. For well-nigh a thou sand years Euglaud lay steeped, nfl in a bath of super natural light, in tho strong Christianity of tho Catholic Church; and tho benign influence of tho Anglo-Saxon monarchy, ot that wost touching period of England's history, still exerts a certain sway over tho people's con science. It took possession of, and moulded the national gentiment : aud at tho dato of King: St. Edward's death, those laws, customs, and traditions, which still give evidence of their influence, had stamped an especial character on tho national heart. Tho five centuries of Norman-Englisii rulo consolidated and deepened the work of the previous period ¡ and thc Catholic Church expanded in power as sho did in organisation, and became part and parcel, not only of tho law, but of tho blood and heart of England. Her venerable sees, her renowned universities, her great monastic orders, her schools and munificent cha rities, her large prerogatives in the temporal order, her glorious past, written on many an illuminated pago, her saints and uiartrys, her king and queen, wearing the aurGola of sanctity, and her absolute hold on tho popular imagina tion-how could England, living for well nigh ten hundred years in such a thrall as this, help being permanently affected in her national character? ¿own to tho sixteenth century we may fairly say that the land had been living tho life of the Catholic Church, aE it has formed, some of the most beautiful pages of her history. Since that date, whilst tho church's authority has been rejected, many of her broad fundamental teachings have ronmirol. Look at tho England of to-dny, and say whether or no you do not perçoive in some of tho maia outlines of her character, deep, indelible tokens of past influences. What dowe seep First, a national church, with the old cathedrals and old sees, and tho village churches, nil pro claiming their origin in every stouo of thom ; a hierarchy of archbishops and bishops, with tho prayer-book and tho ritual breathing, if they breathe any breath at all, a breath redolent of ancient days: then there aro tho old Universi ties of Oxford and Cambridge, seed-plots of great men in every walk of life ; «nd pregnant, in form and temper, with ¡ a spirit which took hundreds of years to bring to anything Uko perfection: the surface of things is changed, but in the depths, sleopiug, but not dead, the old spirit watches and protcctsthc Christianity of England. There is much of tho antiquo spirit in the high nobility-the honour, solf- reBpect, truthfulness, honesty, and generosity of a chivalrous ago. The people are, as a body, charitable, earnest, religious, and unconquerable in their perseverance. They love order and law j they aro honourable in their commercial transactions ; they arc tho most domestic people in tho world, and possess many beautiful natural virtues, which are elevated and re fined through thoso traditionary principles which, asa salt, keeps tho nation sound nt heart, and helps to maintain it vigorously Christian. Added to these virtues, there is their deep love and roverenco for tho word of God. By its means the idea of the Bupematurnl is kept from dying out, and thc thought of thc Almighty, His providence, Christ's atonement, His mercy, love, and grace become as a precious heritage amongst the people. There tho great moral virtues aro found illustrated and enforced ¡ and so deeply is tho Bible treasured, that it is looked upon by tho masses as being as ossential an eloinent in tho nation's greatness as the mnjesty of tho throne itself to its stability. Thus, tho English people are profoundly impressed with tho conviction that tho nation's greatness and prestige Bpringfroin this principle of Christianity ; that it3 sound ness of heart, its enterprise and its successes on a largo scale, aro duo in thc ultimata analysis, to the fact that tho broad foundations of tho einpiro arc set in the maxims of tho gospel and the principles dictated by tho inspired word. Almost as a consequence of this, thc two leading traits of tho national character aro honesty and thorough ness : and what Englishmen prize most for themselves and others is civil and relisrious liberty. Look at the condition of England at tho present hour. Unity of faith is gone. Its place is taken by 150 different sects. The nation must accept this state of things. Is it accordingtto tho national spirit to invent a scheme for fusing all thoso religions into ono ? Such an ideáis abhor rent from the national feeling. It has nothing about it either of honesty or thoroughness ; it is more m confor mity with a masked infidelity, and with a spirit of trifling with Divino things, and with God Himself, from which au earnest religious mind spontaneously recoils. Englishmen hoing thorough themselves, like others tobo thorough also. They infinitely prefer an outspoken, fearless enemy, to one who cringes. Though they may deteöt a man's creed or method, they still more detest, they loathe cowardice in him who has not courage to express or to maintain what in his heart he thinks to bo the truth. Take the case of English Catholics in English society at homo. lu thorough English Protestant society tho way to gain influence and respect is to bo thorough also. Cardinal Manning, having moved in both societies-in Catholic and Protestant-is able to give lucontostiblo evidence upon this point. Ho, an Englishman, for half his life an Anglican, thoroughly conversant with English ways and views, in his 'Miscellanies' (vol. 1, p. 65-6), writes as follows:-"English society, with all its vices," ho says, "does, after all, represent tho English character. Thoro is something downright, manly, and decided in it ¡ and it respects the same, that is, its own qualities, in others as much as it despises and ridicules all servile or petty eagerness to court its favour. Downright mascu lino and docided Catholics-moro Roman than Homo, more ultramontano than tho l'opo himself-may enter English society and he treated with goodwill and respect everywhere, if only they will hold their own with self respect and a delicate consideration of what is due to others. It is this very boldness which inspires both respect and confidence. It is the pledge of sincerity, and sincerity is respected by ovorybody worthy of the name of English man. . Ño greater blunder could be committed than to try to propitiate Englishmen or English society by a tame, . diluted, timid, or worldly Catholicism." Now how does nil this bear upon Catholic education ? It boars upou it in tho diroctcit manner. For, if English men love nothing hotter than honesty and. thoroughness j even in thc holding of a creed which they think a grand mistake, they will be consistent, and will love honesty and thoroughness in education. They will hold that, if there must be diversity of creed, at all events there should bo thoroughness and honesty in tho holding to that diversity. Tho national honesty and thoroughness with them, is a potent element in national strength. If a man bo true to his God, there is a chance of his being true to his country. But ho who would barter away his religion, or treat it lightly, would turn out a poor creature in tho day of a nation's trial. Houce, though ho condemns Catholicity, au Englishman has no faith in a lukewarm Catholic any moro than he has in a timid soldier. He says, in effect, " Let the nation bo brought up honest and thorough, and thou wo stand a chance of holding our own, and maintaining the prestige of tho empire. Let thc young, who will tako our places when wo aro gone, be drilled into this great idea. Let all, of whatever creed, have equal chance in the race, and whilst each is enraestly and thoroughly trained in his own religion, let all bo equally assisted in fitting of the mind for life's battle when it comes." Wlvd is thc consequence of this master-principle which energises so strongly in the nation's life? It is this-that even that creed which thc nation has rejected for 300 years receives equal treatment with the established creed in tho scheme of national education forthe people. Englandknows well that a bad Catholic is a danger to the State, whilst a thoroughly good one helps towards tho national glory. There aro no pampered "public schools" set np forthe benefit of a fraction of the people. Catholic -schools and Protestant are on equal footing with "public schools" in Great Britain. Ali are treated exactly alike, on tho prin ciple of pavment V.y results. Take thc report of Catholic schools in'England, Wales, and Scotland for the year that lir.s passel. ' " , ,. In the year ending 31st August, 18/8, there were actually inspected in England and Wales 693 Catholic institutions, containing in them 1172 deportments, in which separate teachers are employed, that is, 215 of boys, 191 of girls, 300 of infants, 4C0 mixed. There was an average attendance in these schools of 126,305, comprising 03,255 boys, 03,050 girls, divided as to their teaching into 27,427 boya, or mixed, nuder masters ; 03,122 «iris, or mixed, under mis tresses ; and 35,453 infants under mistressf.s. Tho total of children on tho school register, j.01,311 j the number at tending half-time, 15,101. The net amount paid to tho schools out of Parliameu tary grant was £05,700 Os Gd, giving a rite of grant for each scholar in average attendance of 15s 1-Jd. Tho grant during the samo timo to tho Church of England schools was 15s id ; to Wesleyan schools, 15s 7Jd ; to British schools, 15s Cjd j to school-board schools, 15s ld a Fcholar. The claim of tho Catholic schools on tho Parliamentary grant fell under seven heads : thc ilrst for average atten dance, under which £37,00112s Od was claimed ; the second for tho attendance of infants, amounting to £15,710 8s Od ; tho third is for examination in standards, amounting to £28,915 12s Od j the fourth for examination in classes, amounting to £12,355 7s 7dj the ili'th for examination in special subjects, amounting to £178 18s ; tho sixth com prised special grants to small schools, and amounted to £23 0s8d; tho seventh was tho ginnt to pupil teachers of GOs to those who obtained tho marie of well, and of -10s to those who obtained the mark of fairly. The Government- gj-nuts to Catholic training colleges for the venr ending December 31, 1878, were ns follows: To St.'Mary's, Hammersmith, £1738 12s Cd, together with £2610s, received from science und art department'j total, £1705 2s Od, tho students in residence being 30 s to thc training college of Notre Dame, Mount Pleasant, Liver pool, £2013, together with £52 from the art grant ; total, £2905, tho students in residence being 114 ; to tho training college of the Sacred Heart, Wandsworth, £1007 17s 1(W, tho students in residence being 50. Catholic night schools received a grant for tho year Bud ing August 31, 1878, of £1643 ls 6d, being a «ito per scholar in average attendance of 8s (¡Jd. The whole grant for Catholic schools in England and Wales in the year ending December 31, 1878, was £109,495 9s 9d. The grunt, to Catholic schools in Scotland for tho same period was £19,370 8s 7d. Tho rate of grant for Scotland per scholar in average attendance was-lu Catholic schools, ltsOJd; iu Church of Scotland schools, 10s Hid; in JTree Church pchools, 10s 5d; in Episcopal Church schools, 14s 7Jd ; in public schools, 10s 10£d. If wo add together tho whtlo grant to Catholic elemen tary schools and training colleges in England and Wales, which amounts to £109,195 9s Od, aud that to schools in Scotland, wliichamounts to £19,370 8s 7d, we obtain a col lective grant for Great Britain, in the year 1878, ol' £128,805 18s 4d. Was it out of love or tenderness to Catholicity, as such, that the great statesmen of England framed such a system as this '( aud was it because they loved the Pope that tho English peoplo accepted it? All who have any knowledge of tho national spirit oro well aware that, had there not. beensomo profound reason connected with tho national prosperity, tho Catholic church would have been ill-used in England, or a system would havo been set on foot to weaken the blood in Catholic veins, and melt tho vigour of Catholic life out of tho people. The creeds would have had to Eend their children to schools without religion, or so arranged that no decent man, with self-respect, could teach religion in them. The creed schools would bo treated with disfavour by tho Govern ment or their officials; tho State schools would bo as palaces through the land, with tho best masters and appointments ; whilst thoso schools, where tho love and fear of God, and the great directive principios of religion, were hour by hour insisted on, would, on tho principle of tho decay of tho weakest, dwindle gradually away, as a nation would bo reared up with less aud less religion, and more and more of that pugau spirit, which is, if history over taught a lesson, the sure nresago of moral effeminacy and national decay. Par- seeing English statesmen, pos sessing the characteristic of tho nico, resisted this spirit of national nposlacy, and respecting, as gentlemen do, tho conscientious convictions of tho humblest, gave fair play to all, and conciliated thc love and affection of Eng land's Catholic subjects. Thus the nation will continue to hold, her own iu tho broad contests of international lifo; her nervo and sinew will he tough, her heart sound ; and tho principles of her imperial sway will still bo founded in tho depth of a Christian spirit. Sho, on broad wide-reaching principles of statesmanship, niaintoins a system of education, based on a principio that would sa tisfy the requirement s of tho Catholic church. Unresisting "secularist education," wc are, in reality, resisting a prin ciple of national overthrow; and by maintaining otirrights, ns Catholics, wo aro doing untold service to tho State. Herc, interests are identical. Here, whilst yo arc holding, or struggling for our own, weare laying lines of future pro sperity. We are the truo friends of tho people and of tho country, for wo found our own honour and greatness on our conscientious convictions regarding morality and faith; and let us do all that in us lies to make known to others, who know thom not, theso great principies of religious liberty, religious thoroughness, and religious honesty, on which imperial England's greatness mainly rest s. 1. Dearly beloved, let us continue to press our claim to equality. We cannot, in conscience, send our children to "public schools." We aro bound in duty to bring them up thorough Catholics, not'thorough Protestants, how ever exemplary Protestants may bo. This is no cry started for a purpose. The whole Catholic world knows", and all intelligent Protestants know, that Catholics, who have any thoroughness in them, cannot bring themselves to jeopar dise tho futuro Catholicity of their children by sending them to public schools. Tlio Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, Ur. Moorhouse, a. prelate of thorough English mind, recog nizes tho full force of tho Church's teaching on.this sub ject. He Kays : " Tho Roman Catholics arc usking from us nothing moro than what the freest governments in tho world have granted to them. In Prussia, in Baden, in our own colony of Canada, and wherever Roman Catholics and Protestants aro largely intermingled in tho population, the government has recognised that thc peculiar opinions of Kornau Catholics have mnde separate schools for them necessary. Tho concession of such schools is inevitable. If not granted by our sense of justice, it will sooner or later be wrung from our political necessities." Dearly beloved, we have thc strongest faith in the sense of fair play in tho minds of onr fellow-colonists. Wc are convinced that, when they really grasp our case, they will bo ready to give us all wc ask. Wc merely beseech those concerned, so to arrange, that a largo section of thc com munity, thc Roman Catholics, some say one-third of the population, may give their children a thorough honest Catholic education, and receive for secular instruction, tested by Government inspectors, equal assistance with those who arc Entisfied with public schools. . " Thoreforo, my beloved brethren, ho steadfast and im moveable: always abounding in tho work of thc Lord, laiowiug that your labour is not vain in tho Lord." 2 " For the rest, brethren, rejoico, be perfect, take exhorta tion, bc of one mind, have ..peace; and tho God of peace and of love shall bc with you. ***** 'p])0 BruC(. of oiu- Lord Jesus Christ, and thc charity of God, and thc communication of thc Holy Ghost be with you all. Aincn."[3. 1 See Melbourne Anons, October 1,187S. 2 I. Cor. chap. xv.. 53. 3 II. Cor., chap, xiii., Jl, 13. Our Orango correspondent advises a decline in tho cattle market of about 15s per head, on account of tho large number forward being in excess of require ments. Tho ease with which somo are enabled to creop into the Government offices, especially as proteges of mem bers of Parliament, was instanced at the Central Criminal Court on Friday, at tho trial of ono Henry. Loftus Scott, for forgery. Tho evidenco showed that ho had seenrod employment in the Lands Office upon the carnost recommendation of a member of Parlia ment, who appeared to take great interest in him, and that he had only been a few weeks employed be fore ho forged a promissory note for ¿£25 in the name of Mr. A. O. Moriarty, Chief Engineer for Harbours and Eivers. The gaol records disclosed that he had served ollong sentence in Victoria for a similar offence ; that on several other charges ho was acquitted through the non-appearance of tho prosecutors, and that a report had been received at tho N.S.W. Detective Office, describing him as an accomplished forger and swindler. Upon Scott's arrival in Sydney he assumed for the noncotho name of Loftus Scotson, and described himself as a nephew to his Excellency Lord Loftus, then OP, ¿?; way to this colony. 