TRENTHAM POLICE COURT. WEDNESDATY MARCH 12, 1879. (Before Mr Taylor, P.M., and Mr Lyon, J.P.) OBOOCUSB. Nicholson v Withey.—Mr Geake appeared for defendant. As Mr Godwin, the solicitor for the prosecution, was unable to attend through sickness, the case was postponed for fourteen days. POLIOS CASE. Police v Bums.—(Jong obscene language. Constable O'Callaghan proved his case to satisfaction of the bench, and defendant wtta fined 6s. Same v Kevy.—Using profane language. Adjourned till next court day. DEBTS. James O'Connor v Laurence Walsh.—£-4 10s, goods sold and delivered. No appearance of either. Struck oat. Goodge and Barnes r Morgan.—£4 10s. No servioe. James Johnson v H. M"Cashney.—Value of a crosscut saw sold and delivered, 18s. Dismissed. Thomas Bradley v J. B. Enders.—Wages. Mr Geake appeared for defendant, and applied for an adjournment. Granted. Henry Von Holton v George Blackwell.— £2 12s 6d, wages. Hr Geake appeared for the defendant. Case dismissed, mth £1 Is costs. INBUI/TRAO IAKGUJ.OB. Catherine Morgan summoned Mia Greeley for using insulting and abusive language. There was no appearance of defendant, who was fined 40s, 2a 6d oosts, or fourteen days' imprisonment. CHOWS' LAMBS CASES. Crown Lands Bailiff Brahe complained against Henry Green for cutting timber on Grown lands without being duly licensed. As the defendant did not appear, a warrant was ordered to be isimed. SCHOOL DQISS CASES. Sergeant Manson, on information laid by Mr Carrey, the truant officer, prosecuted in the following cases for children not attending school prescribed by law:—Martin Kavanagh, fined £s, 2s 6d costs; Alex. Hamilton, fined 2s 6d, 2s 6d costs; Wm. Msncer, fined 2s 6d, 2s 6d costs; David Watson, fined 5s, 2s 6d costs; Enos Bloxsome, fined Is, 2s 6d costs; John Byrne, fined 2a 6d, 2s 6d costs; John Sinclair, fined Ss, 5s costs; Charles Fletcher, fined 5s, 2s 6d costs; John Furlong, fined Is, 2s 6d costs; James Morley, dismissed; Andrew Mulcahy, fined 2s 6d, 2s 6d costs. DANCING LICENSES. Permissions were granted by E. S. Slee, of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, and Patrick Murphy of Murphy's Hotel, for dancing assemblies on the night of the 17th (St. Patrick's Day.) AFPKALFI AGAIN'BT BATES. Wm. Middlemiss appealed against the assessment upon eighty acres at East Treutham (£34 valuation). He grounded his objection on the fact that a neighbour, Mr Garry, who held 210 acres, was only rated at £26. Mr Maxwell showed that the valuation was equitable, being less than five per cent, on the value of the land. Case dismissed. Arnold Paddock also eppealed against the assessment on his land at South Tylden Reduced to £30 valuation. THE KYHBTON RACE MEETING.—-The j»NNNNL meeting of this club will take place on Mon day and Tuesday next, when a large attendance is anticipated. His Excellency the Marquis of Normanby and suite will be present on the opening day, and arrangements have been made to give the vice-regal party a suitable reception. His Excellency is to be reoeived at the railway station, when an address of welcome will be presented, and guard of honor camposed of the members of the Kyneton Volunteer Corps will be in attendance, and escort the party to the course. With respect to the racing it is aotiaeable that the liberality of the club has not been fully appreciated by owners of horses, and the acceptances show a considerable falling of in former years. This is owing probably to the horses being engaged in other parts of the colony, and being prevented from arriving here in sufficient time to enable them to compete advantageously at the meeting. The acceptances are considerably below last year's. There are only three in for the Hurdle Bace this year, as against nine last ysar; five in the Kyneton Handicap, as against eleven; ax in the Lauriston Handicap, aa against twenty; and five in the Steeplechase, as against nine last year; while the other events show a corxes- : grading falling off. The two days' racing. 10 wever, ought to make up for the deficiency^ and should the weather continue fiim a successful meeting may be expected. GOOD BEKTAI or A FABU.—On Wednesday last Mr Buscombe offered Mr John Chanter's farm at Tylden by auction. It consists of 200 acres of excellent chocolate soil, but inasmuch as the owner desired the purchaser also to take forty acres of soil near, which was not quite of so good a quality, a Bale was not effected, although £11 10s per acre was bid. The homestead was then let by auction, when Mr Bahill, of Carlsruhe, secured it at £130 a year, or about lis per aore. ENTEBIAINIIENI AT THE MECHAHIOS' IN- STITUTE.—-The programme has been issued for the entertainment at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday night next, when Mr and Mrs Bromley, Mr Harris, and Mr Fair-weather, from Lanoefield, will give a most excellent miscellaneous entertainment, including the domestic sketch," A Pair of Pigeons," a variety of songs, concluding with the negro farce," A. Ghost in a Pawnshop." The reputation of the performers and the moderation of the prices should eceuxe a good attendance, the performance being for the benefit of the Kyneton -Mechanics' Institute. Mia WmiAM GAvmnr.—We understand that our late fellow-townsman, Mr William Gaulton, has purchased the coaohbuilding business of Mr Hyring, Cestlemaine, and that he will shortly take up his residence permanently in the " G.eat Centre." Tfcare ought to be a good opening there for a man of his business energy and reserving indusby and frugality. TEA MEETING, AT WOODSIDE CHTECH, Tram.—This annual tea meeting took place on Wednesday evening last, and was well attended, some fifty or- sixty visitors from Kyneton being present. Mesdames Ewing, Hw.n«an, and Clowes presided, at the tablee, which were liberally supplied. After tea, the Rev. Mr Moody, pastor of the church, took the chair. HiuMaiyBayne presided at the harmonium, and lbs Edwards, with several members of the Church of England choir from Kyneton, saag- aevaxal -anthems and solos io a veiy creditable manner. Mr James Hutchesoa gave s brief but excellent address upon the cultivation of sympathetic feeling one with another. The Sev. 2b Brown spoke veiy eloquently upon the connection which should exist between faith and life. Hie Bev. Mr Richmond gave some excellent advise to young people, either about to leave school, or who had already entered on the active dnties of life. The Bev. Mr Bryant, alluding to a remark from the chairman that this was the twentieth anniversary of his settlement in Tylden,.gave some interesting Incidents, chiefly autobiographical, of what had. happened twenty years ago. Mx Armstrong spoke of the necessity of cultivating the feeling of oontentment, and taking the ills of life in a Mark Tapleyan spirit. Miss F. Perkin sang "What do the aogels dream?' in a very sweet manner. Miss Bennett sang pathetically "Too late," Miss Bayne giving "The lament of Absalom"in ssympstbetie manner, Mr Bayne singing " Pray without ceasing" in a very pleading style, whilst Mm Edwards aang" Xjiatening Angela" in her customary appreciative and elegant delivery. The " Behold how good and pleasant a and O, taste .ana see," were well sung the choir. The proceedings were -conluded about ten o'clock, after a -veiy enjoyble evening had been spent. Although rain had fallen between seven and nine; he weather was fine, and the moon shining ghtly, whan the company made their' way Sieiraevejal jplaceeof Abode. '.A Busoh <>F SHAiaooES.—This .is the iHe Eivento acareiiiUyJBdeotedooIleotionof fehes in prose and rhyme, -extracted aienQy from tile oolumsBof &e; Mdeotatt' • printed in a neat little pamphlet^ The f leaves," as ihey are nulled, axe gathered far f r_ r J. T "Winter, arid — J published U;.I:_3 at _. the .I moderate - . hargc of sxpenoe. They 'are interesting, nd will repay perusal. ^^ 