We have been waiting for some time past for the discovery to. be. made that the Bebbt Government is responsible for the 1 Kelly murders; and onr curiosity has been gratified at last, in the very place where, of all other things, this discoveiy was the^most reasonably to be expected. There is nothing too bad to impote to' Mr Berby and his colleagues in certain qnarters. The only wonder, therefore, ia, considering the proclivities of their opponents, that they so long escaped being mixed np, in some shape or form, with the marderoas oatrages committed in the Mansfield district- Bat all other sbnraee~of attack- having been exhausted, a descent has at last been made on Mansfield, to show the villainy of the Berby Government - ; and this is what the assailant has to say on the subject:— " Mr .Berby and,-, bis,, .colleagues have lowered the standard of morality, 'and the Kellys are carrying ont what they began. And, strange though it may appear,, the present Ministry .are to a considerable extent responsible for the present disorganised state of society. They have encouraged the working classes to make .war against -the ^employers nf Inhnr, hare hrijknn tTlfi laws bv whirl, thqr mu« bound, - and which they were sworn -to defend, nphold, and enforce; have talked, treason, aad sown the seeds of .rebellion and revolution; and what is more natural than that there should" tea; disastrous outcome, and that, the bmbrenger and burglar should rejoice in their Utopia, and take advantage of Ihe occasion .©Bared?. ..Democracy and republicanism are «Jl_yery well in their way, but when they degei^erate into communism they become dangerous, undermining all society, letting loose the dogs of discord, and.: rendering both Jtfer "and : properly insecure." "The preg£ntstrte of "Victoria is indeed deplorable. JEe.have to thank Sir BEEBY for this state; oF affairB, which iB unparalleled in the" history.of the colony; and much of the sympathy now openly expressed for the Kellxs, as well as assistance given: them , by which they are enabled to defy capturej is but the outcome of the prinaples lie Jias adopted.". Now, If we were to tell tbe miserable scribe who penned the above li⪕^that jfe was responsibtefOT^he -vtce^ihatjannte itaSf^inthe streets of MeTbourne, he would ,no donbt be very deeply offended". Bat^ etatement of this land would jje guite ab trae as the assertiortbat-thepolicy oHhe^raBY^Iima- try has led op to the Kellt ontrag^e, and-jast :^^as—moch-entitled-to general credence. What is the policy of £he Bebby . Mimstry,' 3 fliveBted of all' the charlatanry nud TtrtrtJish by: which; th6 Conservative papers fpndly Burround it It is not commutysm,-0rr%nythiog approaching it. .-.It -is. not ruffianism,:or anythingthat attack on property;Itx ao one knows better than Mr Bebbt lirat to iwiiig property into disrepute, or assail its existence, would te the greatest possible mistake, in the interests of tbe working man,' that could possibly be committed..: It ia not revolution, for tbereis no onebereto revolt. It is not repobUcaniEm, for if tbere is a deep-seated feeling anywhere ot'Joj^Ity to tbe "British throne and connection, it .is>to be foond amongst tbe worlm^-daaaeB of Victoria. It is not crane, tir the abetting of crime, for no Ministry has ever shown, a greater determination to pat down crime than Mr Bebbt and his colleagues." "It is not to stir np strife - j>etween^Iabor,<^nd scapital, for notiMK r*>fc the -<K>rt. Aa»„ beaa. ^tempted or recommeaded since . Mr Bebby took office. The poUcy'of ihe iBEBBY Ministry' is no( any. one .of-^bese ,thing8 j and fhe contemptible remarks jwtich we Have quoted abqra knows affffistt%Sl T aswed(i..T{ie policy bri^'.Bsa^^iBiuiil^^luiii^t «heJL Ttet« r 4s notttbij'.Ut'all oSenrave or injurionsfa]y^g^j^^ajjRHaee that the ference'to the""will-P^;5tlie mlnBrfty ; -to prevent the whoIe'aEj^iands of the colony State" a taxaSon^ifor the privileges, thajeojqjv and the'iaige amount fio-'Aitaon crime isencoor^^l^Bati'a polity, is as: absnrdas it «aiBSdtipg.;Vrbewholeitate-' contemptibIeasftiis.«8CTWirMA»n|e. we do sot expect the Conservative jounials to be very mealy-mouthed when speaking of the BEEBY MiniBtry. Great latitude mnst g drays be allowed to tbe defeated. Batwhen ' tQCee jootdaIb nbla^e the Ministry ^or tbe '^^LToDtiagee, ^rlieo jffiey. ^aK^ate them every thing that §b disloyal, cmninal, aM vidoos,' it iB time to speak ant, to enotmrefiarli tactjqa yith aU fte indignation that can be evolved for' the pnrpose. Tbe BEEEr Ministry bas DO other object in view than to cany ont the programme wH^ we'hAve "briefly, bat just is tborongUy,'.described above.- In that pro-; gramme tbehris.nothing that is. either revolationary; and the fonl scribe "w1m B>yg Anything jo the contrary deserves to De .ejected Trom all Recent society, for indulging in fiuch -vflUunoa' 8 and libelloaa langnsge. --it-is high time these attacks on'the Government came .to an end, {prtbBWhole country Is ootraged by their It is'gratifying to be able to announce, this morning that the profits of the Balloarat Woollen Jffill for the past half-year, aftet. allowing a percentage to meet all contingendes, «uch' as bad debts, interest an .boirowetLcapitelg.and the like, will qpount to £1B92' 12s 84:nr..the largest sum which-hasyetbeanDettedin theBametime since) itbe company started into .existence, ttis^igratifying to have to make tiiia annooncement, becanae" if ^ever a company: :in this world has had to contend againBt gi^at"~.3iffiailSeEV-and been tremendously handtapped from the very start, that company is crataioly represented by (the enteriphee atrSunny jUomBr. Itnot »loae :cotnmenced life with insuffident capital; nor did it only start, to use a common^exgrea^ struggle on iigainst pubb'c prejudice 7 ^o .-its: waree, rand /iBgainst no little internal dissension.. Nor* has it had alme to contend' against machinery \- inadequate, during: a considerate .time of its life, for'.the-pnrposes designed by its prpmotefB. It bae^«lsoi»en objected "to certain malevolent tnflaentes outeide, which we, far wo^sei.than^ want of monqy V&nil; these influences would have been sufficient, but for the kindly and waiting spirit shown by the - great : Tbulk of the ehareholdere", to have Klled the best project that -was ever started. But the Ballarat WooUen-Gompany baa tided over all these difficulties now. It bas lived down drawbacks within and drawbacks without. It has kept steadily on its way despite good or evil report, to the great credit ot its management The Ballarat Woollen Mill Ms thuB become a really profitable concern : atlaat; and the whole town hasto be congratulated upon its successful exertions. It must not, however, be concluded "because the torn has -set in in tbe tide which so long ran adversely to. this project that, therefore, all the difficulties it has fiad to contend against are removed. . It has still a pretty stiff debt to pay off, nnd although its pro-' ductB are generally all tfaatcbnld be desired, «ven in the latter respect there is room for improvement. The patterns of its tweeds are certainly not eo neatly produced as they .should be, or as would give them, a premier stand against outside competition. Inf this respect they do not compare as favorably as we should iike to see them with the other .articles which the mill turns out, or with German -goods, or_ with. Westxtf- Bngland. productions. But time "will -work wonders in tins respect, just tbe same as it has done great things in bringing the mill.through its difficulties in the past It will pay off >.tbe debt still remaining, and .improye thejUylejand finish of all die productions turned out "oT the mUT; an<T when these ends have been attuned there will be- Dothing for the enemies if the com' pany but to confess that the whole project has been brought to a grand and Anccessfnl isBue. As far as we are concerned, we never had the least fear of the resit. We were quite sure at the ontset that the Ballarat Woollen Mill would in time beepme a matron success "; ana the evidence is now overwhelming to" substantiate oar prediction. There is some talk ontside that the directors shoiild deflate a emaD diridend, now that they have bad two successful half- years, and "thus give the shareholders some return for their investment But we trust the directors-will not commit any blunder of this kind. -Let "{hem, like honest men, payoff the debt as fast as they can, and spend alL they can spare ontaide of this task to perfect the machinery, so as to of their products. This wiltbe a moch more desirable course to pursue than to pay away the profitH they ftno nnromii'l-in^. j^HlFfilon^a^ which have not been earned, eo long aa a.debt remains, nor are generally wanted." We trust, therefore^ , we shall not'War anotherword aboutadividend being declared this half-year, because anything, of the sort would be one of the-greatest mistakes that could wefl be committed.- ' There ia no occasion to refer to Ala subject in ^ny other phase just now. The mill is : rapidly emerging from its difficulties, and becoming one of the most profitable indostries in die town. The shareholders bave every reaBon, therefore, to congratnl&te; .themselves npon the money tfeey have inveeted in "this concern,. and to to,well satisfied witi the manner in which ita^afiairs have been conducted. We hope lhe latter statement will be carefully boine in mind just, now, because the old leaven is .again at work to teintjtbe mill, and to ^nsnre^if jK»sible>-a general disruption.--. Ttri*is«fetAte of aSairs which can "only dotarm"; andah"6refore "thS shareholders will do well in^seeing that it is promptly checked and successfully Avoided. CON8IDEBABLE dissatiafaetion app«ira to exist in the town- with -re&renis; to -the mauler in which the City Counol iarranges for the sale of fcnit,- confectionery in tbe Botanical Gardens. Thej:srystem pursued by the council is .to cafl for tenders for tiiis privil^e^and .'die highest tender received t is acceded. - There ve thirty frniterers & ..Ballarat, ne&riy; . t all of whom would like to vend their'commodities in. the so that twenty-nine fruiterers are always left ont in the cold by tbe existences! 3his arrangement This caoseH -tnMch dissatisfaction jn the townV* andthe frniterers, as a ^y.Arernow agitating for an alteration. It sieems to ns the: ^iH^-inigSi well comply with tbe teims oLflS; petition whifi wennderataod willbe pmudBted'tbtiiat body present system mnat—be unsatisfactory to the public, and byfeotu&haaa; profitablaas it might be made. toJtte:c^rSop:; : ;jf.to one man is given th^sonopoly of the gardens, the public ja ^i ot ^qBttly so .likely to be served well as tf-twf&y; >or mbrefeeUere weremsenfc r aiaiji&wbohaa; secored the boJb right need sot bejjt.aQ puticalw'H^iat he vends, nSrwhat chaigg poaaesBBB. He fcai:a.monopoly:;-;he JiM gM-CWtrot-Qf the garfBM in tl.1. n.part, and can thereforer^ct towards the public joat aabe chooseaT jBnt Sf there were other tnaterera, tbere, he cotdd aot doAis. lie would then have to Keep a good article, a moderate-joce. to hold his own; and in boCways ibe„pnWic.would cartifiT.Wli.-iw-^Btia ^u^y-w ^enentea t^ by.jtbe^xtmpetition, the-competition.: We do not say that any wning has ^ d in the past; bnt handing the. whole of the over to one person haBS^ndeaty tWMnd; and whatever is HaWto breea abase should certiinly be abandaoed. So far, then, aadie public to concerned, an alteration-is needed In the present system, and itcamot be made too speedily or surely. Asfegards tbeGity Council,'not modi benefit arises to it from the arrangement which now prevails. The sum that body received for tbe. privUege in guestion last year was oaly. £45;'and tiiis is a small revenue for advantages which a monopoly of the kind most copfer. Thejaoney-teceived onght-toie •twice this amoont; and the revenue derived from the.Bofifiical fiardenslwould-certainlyexpand to this extent if a more comprehensiveplan were" adopted. -What we would .suggest, therefore,to meet this question in all its phasee, is this—that tbe tworefreshmentplaces erected in the gardens-by the council should be let every .year by public auction, and tfieit .licenses, at so. much per annumi to sell' fruit, confectionery, &C.;, should be issued .to All other respectable citizens who apply for these permits. The puWic wbnld then be ensured a good selection at fair Jeompetifive prices'; monopoly would be.put an end to, and the City Council would derive a -good income from the Igarden's.' Moreover,. fair_play would be ex- : tended to a large _nBrober of struggling families in the town ;-and the needs of tbesB people cettaihly deserve the council'a best iconsideration. " We Tleave - the .subject: at 'this stage, confident" that the City Council ;will dp justice in the"matter.. ShareSoldere *ill be g&a; to-leinrthat tiie net ,nroflt«:of tbe last half-yeak's'tnnsarli&ns; of 'tbs Ballarat WooUen Mill Mnonnt_ to_£1692 12».8i Ml on tlM28l5llottantT ' "• ' Qaite a sensation vasprodaced in Bsglan street, yesterday-afternoon, in -TOnspqneHce of a "report that Mr Lawrey, in the employ of Messrs bring, Glover, and <jo^ timber merchants, had .fallar from a building and brofcen lus bach. On enquiry, we learned that, althoDghJtfr L&wrey; had had a serious -tumble, -4jie v^snlt -hAd been very roach exaggerated. T)r Dimock grtived «oon after the sctidqat Jtaspese^, and Jotrni tbeiE were ji&bones; broken,-antJ -express^ »n opinion "that la' a few days Mr Lawtey wonld be able to resume work. Abont an 1umr after tbe: aoddent Air £awrey was jsnWrimtly recovered to be driven hone. Mr n'Arcy Bead, whose ghost illB«ioni have become so popnlsr tbioaghont the colonies, sos- !tamed a serious loss, last -evening toy the destruction of a large sheet of _glaea necessary to the -prod action of his phantom visitors... The case containing tbe glass, which weighed abont 15'cvt, having arrived at tbe rear of the ..Academy of Music last evening, was. being hoisted from the lorry to the door at the back of tbe stage, when the tackling gave'way, and; the glass fell about 20 .feet to the ground, and of course it was shivered to atoms. About twenty men were engaged at the time in raising tbe "case, bnt fortunately Mr Bead warned them to stand from ander only a moment before tke faH, otherwise personal injury and probably ton of life would have occurred. In con- sequence of tbe accidentthe performance has been postponed nntil the gls^s din. be replaced... ; A bolt, remarkable (For tbe absence of c&stultiei; in its long career,,took place yesterday. A loaded lorry, tbe property of Messrs Gilbert and AUerding, «aa standing at a hotel at the cattle-yards wben Tbe horses bolted,, find made their v&y; into Bturt street and along Main street, as far as the London Chartered B»nk, before they were stopped by a young man named "William Trebair, jwho'took the lorry down to the brewery. [ The youth Bertram Wittison, who was arrested default of psymenE^of the" fine imposed upon S m at the City Police Court, was yesterday released from custody; the fine being paid by a subscription rsised chiefly at the Comer. Messrs Pitezerald and CUxtoa presided at tbe jCity Police Court yesterday, and remanded a jwellMlressed individual named Percy Brown—who jhaa been" arrested by Detective Byland yesterday, 'on warrant, charged with obtaining money and goods by false pretences, at Emerald Hill, ou the 8tb instant—to Emerald HilL The accused "bad been brought np at the Emerald HOI court, and remanded, bail being accepted for his reappearance. He failed to answer, howrerer, to Ilia surety, and ^nothing more was heard of. him untn yesterday, when Detective Hyiand-came across him in the city. His personal -appearance tallying with that ,giren in tbe warrsnt, Hyland arrested him, and lodged him in the lock- np-on sospicion of being the person wanted for the Emerald Hm affair. . Tho engineer of Buntnjbngshire havingsbout a fortnight sinoe given notice to Mr P. C. Baker to 'suspend operations at his new battery, at White liaise in ttUlMMjnanoo (if Jtbaing,** engineer alleged, od a. 1 J-cbain road, the matter 'came before tbe council meeting yesterday, and proof having been given that traffic would not be interfered with, it was decided that Mr Baker lie :aIlowed to go on with tbe wprk, the president stating that every facility should be given to encourage mining within the shire, i The annual meeting of the -subscribers of die 1 Ballarat District Orphan Asylum was held in the Mechanics* Institute last flight. There were about thirty gentlemen present,-and Mr J. C. MoUoy was elected president for the ensuing year. A full reports! the meeting wiU be loanddaewhere 1 onr columns. - r ; ; A little boy,named-William Bain, aged abent nine years, was flnpd Ss fid, with 10s damages- .in default, .three 'days* .imprisonment—at t u - Town Police Conn ytsterday, -for throwing „ stone at the afternoon train from Melbourne to BaUarat^ on tie 6th Instant, .while it was passing under the Victoria street arch, .whereby a window in the guard's van was. .broken,-and a passeng«!s bead cut toy the ^roken glass. In court the lad admittedTttuofienc^-sl though his- motiter wished to show tEatit .'had been "caused by 'another lad jCTMng a piece of clay out of his (the defendant's) A committee: meeting of :the tkntral Bowling Clab-wa« -heH ^ -Craig's ^Krtel-tm-^Tedrof. day nigit; wbenlt wis dedSed to forward complimentary ticketa .of membership to ministers! of the various'deopminatiDnn in the ci(y. Dr Nicholson wig appointed honorary surgeon to' the 'club/ It was also decided that Wednesday and Saturday afternoons,-irom four o'clock to half-past seven, be set- apart -for -practice,-wben-all members -will be expected to attend." Both greens Are iu -flrst^lat order, - undCT -the auperviiiofl. or Mr <}.. Smith. The dob having purchase3 "t£e""old" council chambers at Creswif^'and fcad. than removed on to a piece oflanft atthe'baA ofthe bowling greens, it is the intention of the committee to convert this building, which u about JO teet' by 20 feet,' into two .skittle -alleys, a committee nam, -&o;~ as soon SJi tho iumorarj sxchitect has -prepand Us plans. There is also *-quoit "ground laid ont for in numbers, and hai now ^boilt Bfty members. „ is tBe intention df the comnnttee; to" diailenge all fhejrarronndingcbuntiy dobj for matches at early dates:' Practice is now, in.'foll swing, tbe attendance every day ranging from ten to twenty-fire. . The nsual monthly meeting of the -BuninyongsKreCouncn was hddyejterday.but tfaelnsiness transacted was merely routine. A report appears elsewhere. MMSrsB-U.NidioIIsand Co. are now showing at thar shop, * very fine collection tif gooseberries. The toiit,-though somewhat, touched by theory wather, looks well, and sons -varieties, particu- Urty those known as late sulphur and rifleman. a»e wen worthy of inspection. - , ... ; } t?vera .of good music and tinging wOI be glad to AT that Miss J^osina Carandini anno'niices in onr advertising columns two" grtod conoerts,, 'at the Mechanips' Institute, oot^elnesday and Thnradav n^onwhiehocca^ aha, willbe assisted by Mafflle. Olp Duboin (thendefat«tsdn Bnssisn pianists); Bias Alfcs- Wooidridge ofiystart With atroh company, ihcre sbonld be crowded bonses,.,. '" .'-:- -:.:' ' ' Jiational -Insurance -Com; Australasia wfflie^fceWat'tlieofflceinMd™ on theethifFebruar^jTatderenVdnct Uesars S^S?™' : Stevenson, - Lang, CSegg, and imto,retjretyretaonTn>m tbe'dmstory, Mr Drummond will "addresi the ratepayers on abbe busineaa atsmtt'a hotd,.Mii^ Cnd, this fjratng, at d^it Vdocki -at .Xaridn'j hotel, DovBtoa •treet,.q^ Monday «vening, at tight o'clock j and at Jones' Bacecoune hotel, BlaA Swimji road, next iToertay <^enlng,;; at eight ( V H • ' ' ' . f a •-•a-i-.-j l i ^ F ^ V i ^ ^ o f tbe St. John's Tempcsjooe JJnion wfll-befidd in tbe«chodrtioB,^dier/-JHai,thi»evening^t right o'clock, for tbe enrolment of new OKobeEbltHen, recitations,-andwadingswffl-be given dutingtte evttlng. .'. -: 1 71 \ i- : 3 1' -; • / - » „ .f"" 1 *' "tpnwisnodty ^ ^ f e p ^ r & . t ^ ^ terday. We have also received No. 7 ofjbe, torian Publishers' Circular, from Mr BowS of Melbourne. . " J. S. T.V letter refeA^to a mattfc fttt ** cannot interfere wltit.-^i'' ' '. ' ' v:: A full dismounted paiWe of the BiBmtTroop P.W.VX.H. wiU be held at the Alfrea HsD tlua evening, at seven o'do^ 'illndrea.nmfqnn and forage caps only to be vdnL; . •• ' The Ballan annual races were hddireaterday, a report of which appears in another column. The monthly meeting of the Balhnt DisWct Sunday SehoriUfSriii 'will be lield Sib evening, at eight o'clock. -- • . -. :. A meeting of tte'Grenville 6nn Clnb »iU be beld at Mr Tonngbusl«aii£s Barfr-lwtd, Browos- •vale, next Tuesday «vening,-«t seven o'clock, to enrol members,- clect officera. Md trMMCtjrther Winesl." Cobb and Co.'s coaches will in future leave [Lome on Saturdays at ten ajn. in lieu of Sundays jat two p.m. Passengers may rely npon obtaining ^superior accommodation at Mountjoy'a boarding^ establishment, or Gosney's Lome hoteL Passengers are conveyed by Cobb and Co. to either jhouse. The Climes Guardian regrets to announce that rumors of an unpleasant character have been afloat during .the jut three, days, respecting a certain mining speculator and legal -manager of some of 4he load claims, in the direction of embezzlement. Tbe person referred to has cleared out, and bis office iwas broken into on Tuesday, and tbe books removed by some of the directors interested. At ' resent the books are in the bands of tbe auditors, nd the amonst of the deficiencies not ^et Iknown. - -"*' "•* - ' — - - ; ' ' -- During the presence of Major Smith m Sandhurst on Wednesday, Mr S. G. Cole, on behalf of (about a dozen mining-managers, requested the (Minister to allow the clause in the Mining Companies Aqt relating tajbe ^ignaUinginjetiijes to iremaiq in abeyancp unJfl'som4;8atjrfactpiy_»I!stem iconld be devised for signslling from tbe top to_the jbottom and to the intermediate levels ef claims. 'With the present: mode .of wirking, companies iconld not comply krith- the fmnisions ^of:*fie «ct. ^The - Miaister.: (ssys 3he 2l£s)* promised StoliIlMr six months to enable' "a "better scheme to be ilis- Black --tsackerr-irom- .Cprnnderk aborig^asl station have arrived (sayfi the' Berald) in Melbourne, en route for Gippslsnd, where, It is anticipated, tbey will be employed in endeavoring to track Weiberg. Some mysterious bints are, however, dropped as to the possibility of their coming across the Kellys, bat the prospect is not a likely one. . '" ' There is a possibility (says the Telegraph) of the protracted dispute between Messrs Wright, On;' land-Co: and'the HarborTrust Vang settled before long, in someway brother. The Commissioner of ^Customs has taken the matter in hand, and be is now in possession of the. Harbor Toast's view of the question.' A letter conveying the whole facta ]of the case, as furnished to the hon. gentleman by the secretary of tbe (rust,-was resd-at theimeeting of that body held on Wednesday afternoon, and -unanimouMy rupproved aL Tbe" communioa&lb; turtherasks for an interview to be arranged between the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Customs, and the parties in diapnte/'whereat the whole subject can be' thoroughly gone into' and discussed,, with a result which pezhaps might- be attended with a satisfactory issue. .- Mr^ Nimma's motion to settle the dispute on similar :toma as {arranged between Mr Kerfcrd and Mr Croker, isolicitor for Wright, Orr, and "Co, was by consent postponed for a fortnight.' . The commissioners of the Melbourne laternational Exhibition have received (si a telegram from Mr G. C. £evey to-1 be accepted tbe appointment of secreUry, and that lie would attend to their instructions to leave Europe for Melbourne next March. The work of advertising the Exhibition is being vigorously prosecuted. 1 Over 4000 copies'of the programme and regulations were despatched on Tae)' " ' e.s. Aconcagua, addressed to American pean exhibitors at the Philadelphia and Paris Exhibitions. Including' those shipped by the B3LS. Siam and bjb. Cuzco for the Agent-General and Mr Levey, nearly 10,000 copies bave been posted abroad within the last couple of months, irrespective of what has been dooe.iu.the matter of distribution in the colonies. The English cricketersXaaya the -T«%rapA) returned to Melbourne on Wednesday from Tasmania, They had a most enjoyable and successful trip, both as cricketers and tourists. At Hobart Town tbe eleven defeated a good eighteen by six wickets. Tbe local men mada 82 and 112.', The Englishmen got 133 in their' first innings, '51' of .which Mr Hornby made without losing his wicket. In tbe: second. innings ths raos required .vers chiefly obtained by Mr Locas, 'who made 45, not onL On Monday, & one day'* nnfrh wu played «t L&nnceston;,.-Vith eighteen of northern Tasjmania. Lord Harris and his comrades had it all tbeir own way. Tbey put all their opponents ont for 49 runs, went in and made .212 themselves, and then got seven of the eighteen oat a'second time for 38; abont as fast and brilliant a day's cricket as was ever played. The amateurs next play an eleven of Sydney, on the "24th, 25th, acd 27th instant. " ' _ • Tne following telegram from Brisbane appeared in yesterday's Argus :— u While the Toiun'teer :garrison artillery were firing a s&lote; at the opening of tbe Qaeensland Parliament, on : Tuesday &ftenaooD;, in conse^ne^e of the hcuieycomTied alate -of one of tbe gnns, the : remainder,-of a preceding .charge exploded when the next chaiy^Bff^^fflg rammed home. Gunner Wialsh waa spot, while Gamier Wilkie was dangerocnly: .wounded, *nd has since died.' Sergeant Crof^ wbo was at the vent, was wounded in tbe little finger. Both the deceased will be'.accorded the fall honor of a public fnneraL" , Heferring.to the alleged defalcations at B.elfast, •the Age says:—"Mr Eaton, of the.Treasniy'department,-bs8 arrived at.Bdfast respectipg E. Bichardson's affairs with tbe Cnatoms revenue. It wfll reqaire, no donbt; a -small officer of two to discover-that which! estaped ItieT lynx-ejteof the inspector of Customs.' It is tenpposed"Ohat the police will extract some important revelations in connection with the Customs at the adjonrced hearing of Bichardson's case on Monday." It is reported • <esje thei^ryi*) that three mounted men, heavily armed, visited Nuns wading on .Wednesday afternoon. .As no ope knew anything .about them, the circnmstauce,in tbe jpreient state of the public inind /qgattiing tbe lvilly gang naturally occasioned some'talk. A mounted trooper was sent ont to see who tbey are. On Tuesday evening (says the Age's tbe Minister of Mines, accompanied by Mr W. Couohman. proceeded to Castlemaine,*nd on Wednesday morrang be visited the spot where the diamond drill bad been for some time in operation. It will be recollected that the rods which are nsed for propelling the bit broke after the 'boring bad:reached a considerable d;pth. All efforts to extract the rods have proved fruitless. An attempt was made 4o draw them ont by force, the result of which was that the rods were snapped at a distance of eighty^ feet from tbe surface. It ia noirprop'oaed that a shaft shall be snukfor the pnrpose ofgettmgontttie rods and working somelesds bearing gold which have been struck by the drill, -one- half the expense to be defrayed by local enterprise, and the test contributed by.the Government.: Thei&stnf; sinking would be about XI per loot, and the shaft would have to.be earned to a depth of. lOOIeet. The rods and the bit containing -the diamonds are worth abont £126, so that it seema worth while for the Government to offer some substantial encouragement to the andertaking. The Silurian rock is found to interfere very seriously with the operation of tbe drills and to toon-throw them out of order. King's Island (tays the Telzgraph) presents a ghastly spectacle just now. Tbe steataec Bosdale returned from tbe island on Wednesday, having taken over one section of the new ironlighthonse, which Ss to be erected at Currie Harbor. - Captain Authon reports that all along tbe coast, near the spot whew tbe British .Admiral was lost, human skeletons may be seen sticking out abore the sand. The Telegraph suggests, that .'the .Government should gather up These" rcmsins," and see tharthey are decently interred. .' -The toward of £30 offered by InspectorStaetan for the arrest, or information which would lead^to the arrest, of-Martin Weiberg, has been supplemented (says the Aran) by jhe GoveromnVvfid tffler-ta additional £80; eo that the'totalimrd now offered is £50. The. police, are still totally ignorant of the whereabouts of Weiberg.. n ~ The good people of 'iinold's Briage' fwrites •Oigles m the Atrnlralasian) were' stafUed the other jiay by the sadden appruch of three dsn nd norsebscfc, carrying ominous looking aaddl&Aam; and waist-pouches. They were. ot^onne. presumed to be the Mansfield marauders. The ruffians, however, conducted themselves with aingulu prol pnety They peacefully dtemonnted, modestlyiefreshed themselves, paid the score, and went their way. Informabnn -of 4he iaenmon was rapidly transmitted, and, aa a consequence thereof, a S^SSJ?? 5 detective were despatcbed from osndbnret end a constable from IngleWood to arrest the criminals. As it subsequently transpired, they were two statlbn owners (one of them » magistrate) and the teacher of an important pnbbc school. - When las "worship sat on t£e Ileal l ™, l ', il f»' two afterwards he inquired as to what had become of tbe sergeant of police. He was informed that that "officer was in pursuit ol a supposed Eidly, and on making further eneuiriea, te domvered that-the sergeant ana tutnaUy-jn fchase of bis Worship' himsdf aa % ptcmunWMreab- -nger—with tbe cnitomary success which has tely crowned police efforts.. We hear a good deal (remarks "Atticus." in theZsmfer) aMntHie Temerity of Steve r Hart in visiting the baonts of men in female costume, bat i not even the merit of days of New Soutf £M«lley.Ithinkit was/whoVdopSfe m- He made a bet that he would w Sbe l ij&ga; well-bred nag. be fln^^ The buy manner withlS idle attracted theattention of al _ f^f- police, the late 8ir Frederick pot«„ gef, wbo entered into conversation with the S, stranger, and fell a victim to her charms Afti acting a* esquire all day, the police officer soliciw the jtle^ne of fltenrting the would-be diuZ bome, "«n"sffer, however, that was dedinediHA thanks. ?rr,»re4eriek grOftog-per>htent, OUalw put bis hors«'at a fence, Cleared it, and when., \- -ofesf skK-liiioB) -gritapmg away, pni^ i bat aad vea^sind .toJostd to tbt ashmhC .gaze of his admirer, not the damask cheek of ,, r»soo"beauty, bti« the features af acriaiatlmJ iwbose tesd a heavy reward-was set. 