MELBOURNE. Fridav. It is rumoured that the Government intend to tako notion, regarding the nolo issue of the Provinoial Suburban Bank. v Mr. Spowora, gonovul mnnagor, and one of tho proprietors of tbo Argus, died yesterday of apoploxy. i ' Theatius Royal. — " East Lynne" was repro duced last night boforo a seloot and fashionable audionoo, and was us warmly reooivod as upon its first representation. Tho Lady Isabel and Madame Vino of MisB Stephonson, moro parti- eularly tho latter personation, woro swcot aud poworful delineations, and she moro than sus tained hor former reputation, playing throughout With a vigor whioh at timeB fairly oloctrifiod her audionoo. Tho fond wife, tho jealous woman, the degraded and indignant mistress, and the brokon-hoartod mother, struggling onward to death iu hor old homo, and in tho proBonoo of hor husband, his now wiio, and her own dying child; woro grnnd and offeotivo piotoras, all drawn with an artistic hand, and so dolioatoly and beautifully-oolorcd, that thoso who looked upon them forgot, in their admiration, to ap plaud, savo by tbo most eloquent of all ap plause — silouoo and tears. Barbara Hare was neatly and prottily played by Miss Fanny Bogors, who is always lottor-porfeot, and never disappoints. Miss Patty Holt's Corny Carlylo Was grand— about tho best piooe of noting wo havo soou for many n day ; it's unapproa'oh- ablo, and can't bo touched off tho London boards— if on tliom; and was a oupital full, length portrait of tho irritable old maid, so jealous of hor nuthority, so fall of vongeaaoe and yet, withal, so thoroughly soand- hoartod. Mr. T. 0. Moirtyno was an ex cellent Arobibald Carlylo, and was exceedingly offeotivo in tbo soenos with Corny, aud at tho death-bod of bis boy and repoutant wifo. Wo oannot spoak too highly of Mr. Hesford'a Sir Francis Lovison; ho mado him a gentleman in manners, bonring, and spooch, although bo allowod tho rou6 and tho man without prin ciple to appear through tho varnish of good breeding aud fashion. Mr. Heaford is in evory moaning of tho word an aotor ; there is a finish and completeness about aU that ho doos or says, whioh show at onoo his oapaoity and his oxporienco. Mr. J. A, Patterson mado u fair Lord Mouut Severn, and Mr. A. B. Clinton a rospootablo Richard Hare. Tho house was a oupital' oue, and tho upplauso throughout gouulno. To-night will bo pro- duocd Aurora Floyd. Of Miss Stophonson's Mrs, Mollish, wo need say nothing ; and with regard to Mr. Hosford, wo qnoto tho following from tho O-rafton Observer : — " Tho most offeo tivo character wus that of Mr. Hesford's Softy. Tho ounning, revenge, and brutal forooity exhibited, wore aliko horrifying and artistio ; and, at tho conolusion of the pieao, ho was oallcd before tho curtain to roooive tho spooial applauso of tho kouso." " Carlton's Ghost. "—An entertainment hearing tho abovo titio will bo given, for the first timo in Rookbnmpton, at tho School of Arts on Mouduy ovouing uoxt. Tho aompany consists of ten performorB, whoso obief speoiality is potito comody. Tho "ghost" portion of thei entertainment is said to bo very wondorful, but we shaU bo ablo to oulighton our renders moro fully about it after wo havo witnessed it. Obicket.— A matoh will bo played this afternoon botwoon two olovous representing tho Rocklmmpton and Fitzrriy Oriokot Clubs. Tho oloven of tho fornjor elub will bo olioson from tho following playors : — T. 8. Hall, G. Boldoinan, T. T. Fannco,. ,W. J. Anthony- H. S. Martin, H. Boldomnu, F. Boldoman, F_ Mitford, O. T. Bowman, A, J. Hauwell, M. Kaino, H. Cooper. Mr. 0. W. Macaulay will 1 not as umpire and Mr. R. Jobson us scorer lor this team. As tho ovonings are gottiug rathor I short tho wiokots will bo pitched ut 2 o'clook j sharp. . j To Witnesses, — Wo havo boon roquostod to inform witnesses in tlib oaso -; of William Gardioor, ohnrged with malicious dostruotion of property belonging to R. R. Jonoa, that no true bill has boen found against tho prisonor, and that' consequently ihoir attendance will not ho required nt tbo Dlstriot Court on Mon day noxt. PnunTivis Mbthodibt Sunday School.— In oonneotion with tho anniversary of tho Primi tive Methodist Snnday School, sormons will ho proaahod in tho ohuroh to-morrow at 11 a.m. by tho Rov. J, Sponoe ; at 3 p.m. By tho Rev- J. Williams ; and at 7'30 p.m. by tho Rov. J. Cameron. A publio mooting in aommoraorn- tion of tho anniversary will bo bold on Tuosday ovonlng. Hospital.— State of tho hospital for tho wook onding Friday, 80th May Admitted during the wook: 17 males, 1 female; dis charged: 14 malos, 2 females. Remaining iu hospital : 67 males, 11 females ; total, 78. 5 patients iu tho spooial ward. Tlio Visiting Oommlttco for tho mouth aonsists' of tho following gontlcman : Messrs. H. Solimidt, J. Brown, and Dr. Gregory. Finn Bbioade Board.— A mooting of the looal agonts of tho various Insuronoo Com panies carrying on business in Bookhampton was 'hold at the Municipal Connoil Chambors at 4 o'olook yesterday afternoon, for tbo pur poso of olcctiug oue of their numbor to repre sent thorn on tho Fire Brigade Board, Thoro were presents— His Worship, tho Moyor, etv officio mcmbor of tlio Board (in tho chair), Mr. J. Wakefield, Suporintondont of tho Brigade, And fcltn fflllnntiiff Tnnttfa tinn arranln Hlf T? 1. Dibdin, Qaoensland Insurance Companies ; Mr. Halo (represonting Walter Reid and Co.), Sydnoy and Imporiallusuranco Company ; Mr. A. E. Alexander, City Mutual Iusuranoo Com pany ; Mr. G. S. Curtis, Now Zealand Insuranco Company ; and Mr. W. G. Jackson, Royal InBuranco Company, Tbo modo in whioh tho Board was to'bo constituted was explained to tho meeting, and is as follows : — The Mayor of tho town shall be ete officio a membor, provided the Manioipality oontributo to tho support of the Brigade ; anothor mombor of tho Board shall ho appointed by tho Governor-in-Counoil ; and ono shall bo elected annually by tho agonts of tbo Firo Insuronoo Companies carrying on bhsinesB in tho town, who shall each havo ono voto for every £5 contributed by them. If, however, tho Mnnioipal Connoil or tho Insur onoo Companies shall contribute to tho support of tho Brigade a sum oqnal to twioe the amonnt voted by Parliament, then tho Connoil or tbo Insurance Companios, as tho caBe may ho,, havo power to oleot . a. second repre sentative. Somo doubt wns expressed as to whothor tbo meeting had power to procood witli tho eleolion, as nono of thom had contributed, not haying boon rated, and, thoro- foro, they did not know how many votos tlioy oonld exorcise. It wns pointed out, howovor, that, in tho only two towns in tho colony whore the provisions of the Aot bad boon availed of, the Board had beon oomplotad boforo tbo rating of the companios took plnco, and that in faot, rating oould not take plaoo till tbo Board bad boon properly constituted. The oleotion was then procoedod with. Mossrs. Hendriok and Jnokson woro proposed, respectively, but they deolinod to aot. Mr. Dibdin was then pro- nnaarl Htr Mr. .TnAkann. nnrt Bnnnniln/I Af rWMV" J -———I — — «» Curtis ; and Captain Hunter was proposed by Mr. Headriok, and seconded by Mr. Dibdin. Tbo last gentleman was not prosont, howovor, and it was not known whether ho would aot, if elected. On a Bhow of bands boing taken, tho majority voted in favor of Mr. Dibdin, who was, therefore, duly olooted. This closed the business. Mb. Rea V. Hansard, — Wo have already referred to tbo mannor in whioh Mr. Rea's speech on , tho Address was handled and omasoulatod by Hansard. On the 20th inst., Mr. Roa oponod up tho question iu tho House, , by stating that whilo ho had no desire to urgne tho matter, still ho would aall attention to what was a breaoli of privilege in what ap peared in tho metropolitan papers, and whioh had a diroot bearing on the correatnoss of the Speaker's ruling. Aftor quoting the Telegraph and the Courier, the lion, gentleman pro ceeded to say:— "Thoso two paragraphs ho oallcd :partiaular attention to, booauso, in tho firBt place, it was an indiroat insult to the Speaker to suppose that ho would allow any thing to pass tho okair whioh was unfit for publication in Hansard, In tho next plaoo" "tho Speaker said that tho oxtraots simply reforrad to something ocaurring iu tho House on whioh comment was founded. That did not constitute u breach of privilogo, and there fore tho honourable mcmbor oould not p'rooeod to address the House on a quostion of privilogo on tho oxtraots bo had road. With roferonoD to tho faot of tho w'.iolo of a spccoli dolivcred in tho House not being reported in Hansard ho might stato that it lmd boon understood by bonorablo members that the Ilansard oonld not bo a verbatim report, and that towards the latter part of tho evening spooches must ho, and woro, frequently oondensed." Mr. Roa held, and rightly " that anything said in tho House, as a comment on tho oondaot of Minis- tors should not bo suppressed." Iu faot, it is as wo havo before stated, tho property of tbo country, and has no right to bo withheld. If Mr. Roa mado oertain okarges against tho Post-Master Gonoral, tbo poople liuvo a right to know what those charges were. If falso then thoy could bo refutod, and Mr. Roa oon- Victod of falsehood ; if truo, thou tho country would havo an opportunity of judging whothor that Minister was or was not worthy of hold ing his present positiou. It will bo observed that tho Spoakor snid it had boen undorstood by hon. meuiborx that the Hansard report oonld not bo a verbatim report,, and that to wards tho latter port of tho ovouing spocchos must ho, and woro, frequently condensed." This may bo all very right aud proper. But there is a vast difference botwoon condensing and omitting. Aud Mr. lieu while stating that bo did not expeot a vorbatim spoeoh asked now it happenod that the earlier part of his speooh was omitted— it was not a quostion of shortening at all, but of suppression. For it must bo ovidout to everybody who knows anything about reportiug, tbat tho oommonoo- mout of spooohos nro far moro likely to bo reported iu full, whatovor tbo ond of thom may bo — tho cxoubo won't hold wator, and looks like a dear caso of manipulation on tho tho part of Hansard. Mr. Roa said that Hansard could not bo too clonr and compre hensive, ob by tho Brisbano daily papers, tho oonduot of prosont Ministers was only montionod With l iudation, and it was not therefore to ho oxpeotcd that anything but porvortod state ments of what liapponod iu tho Houso would appear in thoso journals. This iB truo, and wo quito agree with Mr. Ilea wlion ho said " ho would submit thnt anything that wns said iu tho IIoubo, and was allowed to pass tho ohair, should not bo suppressed iu Hansard." Tho withholding what Mr, ilea said raisos a bus- pioiou thut thoro was soiuotliing suppressed which tlio country ought to know. Perhaps Mr, Roa will iuform,us what bo did say. Volunteer Encampment. — Captain Feoz, tbo oommandaat at tbo into Voluutoor ononmp- merit, notifies to tho inombors of K and L Companies who took part in tbo into EiiBtcr Campaign at Graaomoro thnt they o:m rocolvi tltoir pay for tlio work tboy dono in onnip, botwoon tho hours of 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. to-dny. Wo uudoratnud that only live days' pay will bo allowod insteud of the six days' expeotod > but wo onnnot nt presont stato " tho reason why." No doubt tbo matter will be fully oxpininod to tho mon to-day whon thoy presont thomsolvcs for tbo amounts awardod to thom | by our paternal Govornmont for tho sorvicoB I thoy have rendored to tboir country. WonKiNO Expenses op' the Corporation. — In pursuanoo of a resolution of tho Municipnl Connoil hold on tbo 15th instant, a spooial sonimittoe mooting was held at tho Connoil Chambers at 3 o'olook yesterday afternoon to tako into consideration tho working oxponsos of tho Connoil with a viow to thoir reduction, Tho mooting, iiko nil othor oommittco mootings under tho Connoil, was of course private ; but wo understand that tbo advisability of a general rodnotion in tho salaries of tho corpor ation ofiloials was rooognisod by tho whole of the aldormen present. The doliboratioks of tho committee lasted till, after four o'olook, ' whon tho sitting was adjourned till Tuesday noxt. Oentbal Railway. - The following aro tho trnifio earnings on tho Control Railway for tho wcok onding May 17, and for tbo corres ponding wook of last yoar : — Passenger faros, ElCO 14s; fid. ; oorrospoudino- wook last yoar, £233 1 9s. 3d ; dcoreaso, £G6 4s. 9d. Goods and Livo stook, £961 10s. 8d. ; corresponding wook last yoar, £440 16s. 8d.; inoroaBe, £510 16s. Od. ; Pnroels and iniscollanoous, £63 Be. lid, ; corres ponding wook last yonr, £40 18s. 6d.; inereaso, £17 7s. 6d. Total, £1184 lis. Id; corresponding total last yoar, £720 13s. 6d. Total inoroaso £463 17s. 8d. Tho total trafiio oarnings during tho yeaf up to datoj woro £19,778 7s. 4d., showing an incrcnBo on tho corresponding poriod of last yoar of £207 Os. 4d, . Central District Ooubt.— Tlio quarterly sitaings of tho Control District Court com- mouoos at 10 o'olook on Monday morning , before His Honor Judgo Bloke. Thoro are only two oriminal oasos for trial, namoly thoso of Samuol Lonis Priuoo, broach of Iusolvonoy Aot; and Alcxandor Wood, falso pre tences. Tho civil oases will commonoo nt 10 o'olook on Tuesday morning, should tho oriininnl oases bo disposed of on tho previous day, Thero nro twolvo umlofondod easos for hearing. The following aro tho dofondod jury oasos ; Peter Buckley v. Thomas Ryan, moneys owing, £68 8s. ; Rioliard Novlli V. Wm. Boil and wife, hire of a piano, £84 ; J. W. Cragg v. 11. 8. G. Maodonald, damagos, £88; W. 1L Pobordy v. W. Clark, writ of enquiry; 0. Jowoll v. Duuoan Maodonald, damagos, £199 19s. 6d. Tho dofondod oivil oasos are as follows : Munioipal Council v. T. M'Namara, rates, £10 5s. 7d. ; Wm. Kasoh v. Edwin Butos, rates, £41 7s. Cd ; Goo Olounott V. W. II. Higson, work nad labor, £8 6s. Gd.; ; James Wood v. Aloxaudor ' Ogilvie, damagos, £20 ; F. Lambort v. H. Milford, ousli lout, £42 12s. The Rookhampton 'Schemers.— Thn Pnnfc. Master Gonoral in concluding his remarks upon thn polioy of the Govornmont putting up Bottled District Runs on tho samo day, said that thoy sold the runs because thoy know thoro wore certain schemers going about, who would proy upon thoir moro industrious follow- mon by goiug into tho auction room to compel the run-holders, whose homes wore on tho ruus for salo, to pay them a bribe to prevent thom from oompotiDg for tho now louses. This was dono at Brisbano undliockhampton. Tho schemors as tho P.M.Gt calls thom, that is tho only persons who bid horo for squffttors runs, woro Mr. Englaud and Mr. Thomas Moffatt, the former for Glenprairio and Tilpal, and tho lattr for q portion of Mr. Hutton's run — and they can hardly bo tormad sohomors booauso they avail tliomselvos of a privilege open to nil. Mistaken Leniency. — Tho infliotion of a nominal fino by the PolicojjMugistratc upon Mrs. Lynam, for obstructing tho Inspootor of Nuisances in tho oxooution of his duty, was a mistako, and an encouragement to others to imitate her example. The woman oould not — indood, did not— attempt to plead an excuse that sho wqb ignorant of tho law, and plainly committed a broaoh ofjit with a full knowledge of what oho was doing, onlouiating, and rightly as it appears, that it would'bo more caonomioal to pay tho small fino tho Conrt wonld in all probability inflict, than loso hor goats. This is not tho first timo by many that luspeotors have boen interfered with, 'and if the Bonoh does not protoct.thom in' tho oxoontion of their duties, tho law for tho suppression of tho goat nuisanco must bccouo inopcrativo, Mr- Bicklo is not ovor activo as it is, in oarrying out tho law, aud wo think tho littlo ho doos do ho should be supported iu. Wo havo froquontly oallod his attention to tbo numbor of goats roaming along tlio rivor banks, whoro thoy may daily bo scon doingtboir host to got into tho gardons in tho vicinity of the esplanade . but it sooms thnt tho locality iB tabooed from tho inspootor, as ho novor by any ohauoo pays it a visit. What wo want to know is, how comos it that goats without collars aro " froo and fetterless " thiuga. Wo obaorvo that the polioo iu Nowoastlo, N.S. Wales, havo ooin- mouood a raid on tbo goats thoro, and the S. M. Herald says : — Tho metropolitan polioo might follow tho good oxample thus sot thom by thoir Nowoastlo confr&rest; with tho oortain prospeot of earning tho grati tude of tho oitizous of Sydnoy. For iu tho oity and itB suburbs, as well as in Nowcastlo, tho goats aro nllowod to stray ubout at tboir own swoot will, pioking up a living ns beBt tlioy oau, and as goats odly know how, nip ping off tho tops of tho ohoioosc flowers and shrubs of overy gardon thoy Bucccod in enter ing— nud whoro is tho garden that is proof ngainBt them ? No matter what oxponso pooplo go to in bonutifyiug thoir plots of ground, and proportionately beautifying tho motropolisi thoy are protty sure to havo thoir oxpousivo floral doooratious laid undor tributo by tho goat ownors. Complaints as to tho dopro- dations of tho animals nro endless, aud the polioo would confer a bonoflt on oooioty by putting tho inw into operation. Probably very fow pooplo objoot to othor pooplo keoping goats, but overy ono objeota to koopiug other pooplc's goals.'' And yot thoso said goat-owners onn foroibly rosouo thoso doBtrnotivo animals from tiio clutohes of tho law by tlio payment of ono shilling and costs, whioh amouut to somo fourteen shillings more, rathor a ohoap got off. Tho offenoo is a serious ono, howovor lightly tbo Bouoh mny treat it. Tho goat law is thoroughly woll uudorstood by, and kuown to, evory owuor of goats, ovou daft Jiuuy, there fore wo don't sao why u mere nominal fino should bo iufiioted on those who violato it. Confidential. — Tho Premier his oxprossod his determination to ououiirnge the raoo of spies nnd publio iuformors. Ho said in tho Houso on Tuesday evening last, " ho should ondoavonr to proteot ovorsoors nnd otbor mon who gave confidential information to tho Govornmont." This is offering security, and probably reward, to thoso who, in ordor to sorvo thoir own ond?, will orawl by tho baak stairs into a minintoyfetir. study, nnd iurniBh him with information, tUsjMw wonld not daro glvo oponly. This is oxaetly i what might bo oxpectod from tho hon. gcntlo- man who has withhold from tho Houbo and tho country, tlio papers connootad with tho late dismissals, lie has protootod those who " gave confidential information." Confidential it may be, but, who is to know whothor it is oor- root or not ? And who has a greater right to know than tho pooplo, who unfortunately for thomselveB, gavo tho hon gentleman powor to givo or to rofuso information — just aa ho ploascd f A VVell-desbbvbd Fine,— At tho Polioo Conrt yestorday morning, George Attwood appeared in unswor to a summons oharging him with assaulting Jaboz Wakofield. Mr. Molbourno apponrod for tho oomplainant. Tho ovidonee of Mr. Wakofield, and that of Mr. Mr, W. Burns (of tho firm of Barns and Twigg), and Wm. Hnttnn, o storoman, showed that on Monday evening last abont dask they woro nil in seperato vehicles at tho north approach to tho upper ferry, woiting till a number of Sunday, school ohildren hod boon convoyed to tho othor side. Mr. Wakofield had drawn his liorso partly aoross tho approaoh in ordor to oaso off the downward Drossnre of tho baggy on tho horso. Mrs. Wakefiold and two children woro in tho buggy. Whilo thoy woro waiting for tho punt to ro-cross from the south sido, Attwood came down with a horso and dray, and notwithstanding tbat ho was lust to arrivo ho drovo straight for tho front, striking Mr. Wakoflold and his horso on tho head, and using highly indecent language From tho position in whioh Mr. Wukofiold's horso was drawn up, the shaft of Attwood's dray must inevitably havo ran into bim had not tho owner pulled him round abruptly, tborcby running grout risk of capsizing tho bnggy and injuring its ooonpants. When tbo punt arrived, tbo three vehiolos whioh woro first waiting managed to got on board boforo tho defendant. It was tbon clear tliat thoro was not enough room for him to como on, and he was told to koop book. Ho porsistod in gotting on board, bowovor, and drove his horso on' to the lip of the punt, Aftor a dolny of nearly half an hour, by a groat effort and muoh " squeezing," room was mado for him, aud the punt wont on its way. Tho Bench ordered tho dofondant to pay a flue of £5, to inoludo £2 2u. professional oostB, and ,4s. Cd. costs of Oourt ; in default of immediate payment, ono mouth's imprisonment. The defendant was also summoned by Mr. Woke- ;fiold for using iudccont languago on tbo same : oconsion. Ho pleaded guilty, nnd was fined £1, and 8s. 2d. costs, with alternative, in default of payment, of sovon days' imprison- mont, Tho Corporation should' iinvo the D»nt- mnh sworn in us a Spooial Coustnblo, to ofi&ifc; him to proteot his passengers from tho int' and abuse, to whioh they aro liable, from men of tlio kidnoy of suoh blaokgnards as the defendant. Out of its Element. — A singular disoovory ;(says tlio Southland N. Z, Timor) ' lias boon mado. at tbo railway station. Somo of tho mou were coaling, ono of tho engines when ono of them struck a large lump of coal to rcdnoo its sizo, uud as it separated, out fell a livo frog. At first tho creature was very sluggish, and its' legs and feot woro nearly white, bat presently, as it respired, it gaiueu animation, tliu white colour of the limbs aspumed a greenish brown, tho colour of the back, and tho frog bocamo quito livoly, hopping away with much vigour. When captured, it uttered a distinct oroak, and was then placod in a bottlo for snfo hooping, Tho coal camo from Nowoastlo. Heavy Guns. — The four 100-ton guns pur chased of Sir/Willinm Armstrong and Co., by tho British Government aro (tho Standard says J to bo appointed to the dofence of Malta and Gibraltar, two to each station. Thoy will bo mounted bohind earthworks, on barbette, and a plan has boon devised by tbo Elswick firm whereby the loading of thoso monstor guns eon be effected under covor by manual power. The gunB will be brought to Wool- wioh and duly subjectod to proof before being sent to thoir final destination. Tho prioe to bo paid for caoh gun is, wo bcliovo, £16,200. Roma. — Tho lato rains havo (says the Western Star) proved very benofioial to this distriot tho country looking bettor than it has done for tho last threo seasons. As a con sequence stock is evory whoro in good oondition and woro pricos at all iiko a reasonable figure tho pastoral interests wonld bo proaporiug, Tbo autumn lambing at Mount Abuudanoo. wo understand, wqb bettor than for some years past: and the selections on Camp Orcck are dosoribed to us as being like wheat fields. The marsupial post is, notwithstanding the abundauoo of food, not felt to anything like tho oxtont of dry seasons ; although opinions are diviilod as to whothor this deoroaso is caused by the stops taken for thoir dostruotion, or is morcly owing io tho faot of their now boing water und feed iu many of tho scrubs, and thus ouabling the auimals to livo wouthout coming on to tho plaius. Many thousands of marsupials havo booa killed during tho past fow months— notably 19,009 by the aboriginals on Aruby Downs— and it is probablo that tho oonstant huutiug that has boon going on has frightened tho vermin, nnd drivon them else where. Steps nro boiug taken, wo undoretand, to ouoloso a large portion of tho Mount Abnndauce property with a wullubyproof wire- Dotting fonco; a small portion of tho same description of feuoohus boou already orooted ' at Amby Downs, bnt operations aro now, wo boliovo, for tho present suspuudad thoro. Wo regret to lonru that tho native dogs are rapidly increasing in tho diatriot through the owners of surrouudiug oattlo stations refusing to poison ; considerable losses havo boon sustained from this cause, aud although liberal, rewards are givon for thoir dostruotion, thoy appear to bo as troublesome as ovor. — 