THE correspondence that has -passed between' the head of the New Sonth Wales Government and the representative of the Victorian Government '-over the question of the border duties, ehowa thjfSir HENBY PABKES baa been playingtliefool with the Hon. PETEB LALOB. This is tbe sam and eobstance of "the letters which have just appeared in the Argus; and there is no taking any other Tiew of the treatment which Mr TIAT.OB has received in Sydney. Divested of a nnmber of small issues, which have very little to do with the main question, Mr LALOBofleredjOntiepart of the Victorian Qoveroment, to abandon the duties, collected on the New -South Wales border, on live stock, wine,, wheat, oats, maize, and green fruit (being the produce of New South Wales in each case), providing that all goods from Victoria were admitted free by the New South Wales Government across the river; and, further, Mr LALOB promised that the Victorian Government would pay to the New South Wales Government £50,000 a year for this concession. If this offer had been accepted, practically, the taxpayers of Victoria would have abandoned about £38,000 of annual revenue, and paid directly ont of their pockets £50,000 a-year —for what? For the sole purposes, firstly, of opening np Victoria to the produce of New South Wales, now kept out, -except in infinitesimal quantifies,' by onr duties ; and, secondly, , to relieve the Melbourne merchants, who have business withBiverina, of the difficulties which now stand in the way of tbeir. trade being poshed in that district. This certainly was a most liber J offer to make, seeing that in the mass it represented Victoria paying £68,000 a year for what Mr LALOB sought; and there is no possibility of any rational or fair-minded person coming to any_other -conclusion. But what is the reply /which-.Mr LALOB bus received from the New Sonth Wales Government, through Sir HENBY PABKES, to thiB very liberal proposal? Why simply and curtly, that all the Victorian duties, which Mr LALOB proposed to abandon, should be given up, andf100,000 a yearpaid to the Government of New South Wales to close tbe bargain! Sir HENBY PABKES acknowledges that the full amount of. duties collected last year on the border' by the New South Wales Government was only £102,486 7s 4d. So that , lie mnoifi-. ceutly offers to give op £102,486 7a 4d of revenue, if Victoria will pay £100,000 a year, and abandon dutiea to the extent of £38,000 a year more, for granting what Mr LALOBasked; and if this does not realise, to a most ridiculous and impudent extent, the old adage iabont the- reciprocity being all on one side, then we should very much lite to know what would display adiBtinction uf this nature. There is uodenying that it would be a good tiling for the Melbourne merchants if no duties were collected on the border, other than those which as common to tbe twocolanies, so tospeak, by being pud at tbe port of arrival ; and these duties would of coarse have to be -paid once under any arrangement. A system of the kind desired here, would undoubtedly stimulate the trade of Melbourne with Binrina, and thus be beneficial to Victoria, - flo t there are adv^intages clso on the other side ; and these advantages onght to be taken into, account liberally wthsn a transaction of this kind iB being conducted; Far. example, the, Victorian duties -on' wheat, oats, maize, and green fruit heatrict very materially the sending of these articles from New South Wales into Victoria, • ana Uns these duties act prejudicially to the interests of this data of New South Wales prodocere. ; Live stock is also "weighted iw a- cluty, which, there canbe oo'doubt, matoly fallsuponthe New. South Wales squatte^owing-Jn. thejeomeUdonTvith' whicH ha la confrobteid 4>y tte Victorian grazier, when his stock is offered in the Victorian market. But in the case of wines, the New South Wales trade is all but closed, owing to the prohibitory duty which prevails on this side of the Murray. By the removal of these Victorian-duties, then, the New South Wales people would be quite as much benefited (perhaps more so) as the Melbourne merchants would find an advantage from what Mr LALOB asked the Sydney Premier to give up; and this fact was entitled te fair consideration, whenever any effort was being made to effect an arrangement of this nature. But Sir HENBY PABEES and his colleagues set aside, all these features in the negotiations. They also contemptuously rejected the decreased cost of the Customs service to New South Wales, by an arrangement, of the kind desired by Victoria, being carried out, and by nearly all the work of looking after the collection of duties on the border being undertaken by the Government on this side of the Murray. They also betray their utter selfishness by condemning, in the most lofty manner possible, the principle of differential duties; and yet show that they are quite willing to swallow this principle if they can only get tbe terms they ask, or which will be the most advantageous to their purpose. Tbey further overlook the fact that, except as a mere matter of revenue, not a farthing loss would be sustained by New South Wales, as against the £50,000 they would actually receive in cash from Victoria. The New South Wales duties are pud in New South Wales, and therefore if these duties on Victorian goods were abandoned, the money would not be given to Victoria, but still continue in the hands of the New South Wales people. In short, to facilitate the interests of consumers and producers alike on both sides of the river, and setting aside the just preceding sentence,' important though it is in a matter of this sort, the New South Wales Government, will only give up £2486 7s a year, as againBt £38,000 being given up Victoria, for this is really how the caBe stands as a hard matter of figures; and there is no getting any other terms out of them, as the correspondence published in the Argus shows, and as all previous experience goes to establish. Surely, then, we are quite right in saying that Mr LALOB has been played the fool with by Sir HENBY PABKES and his colleagues. We are right in saying this, because the New South Wales Government have offered over and, over again to come to a fair and reasonable arrangement on the question of the border duties, thuB encouraging overtures from this side,'only to make all the concession fall on the. shoulders of Victoria the moment any attempt was made to come to an understanding on the subject. The whole thing faas, therefore, become a farce, as every impartial pereon must admit. No matter what Ministry has been in office in Victoria, Conservative or Libera], the treatment has been the same. The Sydney Government bave desired all the advantage to be on their side, and will not come to anything like fair terms with Victoria, notwithstanding what political party the overture emanated from on this side of the Murrsiy. It is high time, therefore, these futile efforts on the part of Victoria came to an end, because Victoria is only treated with scorn and contumely every time anything of the kind is at- tempted. The red fact of the case is that the New South Wales Government don't want to make any arrangement with Victoria over this matter, because they think the trade of Victoria .will be shut off from Biverina when the New Sonth Wales scheme of railway extension is complete. This is tbe reason why every attempt made by Victoria to come to an understanding on the border duties has futed, : nrid why the Hon. PETEB LALOB has gained nothing but future and ridicule by his journey. Tbe -whole thing, in short, is played out, and it is high time, therefore, that we heard the last of its existence. THE miningehare marketwas tolerably lively last week, and although a few stocks were a shade easier at the dose, the fact of there being numerous investors forward helped to make business comparatively steady. The excellent yield from the Black Horse mine induced a more than ordinary demand for that stock, and caused an advance from £6 to £6 9s 6d, but shares were afterwards sold at £6 7s 6d, at which price tl)pre were buyers when tbe market closed. There waB alBo a better feeling for Sultan shares in consequence of an increased yield, and the favorable appearance of the workings at the mine, and although buyers improved their offers from 75s .to 82s 6d, holders would not take less than £4 10s. With the exception that Dyke's Freehold fell from 17s 6d to 15s, Dyke's Ndrth- West from 4s 2d sales to 3s 3d sellers, and Lane Hand from 35s 6d to 32s, other Creswick stocks were steady throughout the -week; while Madame Berry revived from 6s 6d to 7s 6d. The ventures in the -Dunolly district did not have so much attention as usual, although several transactions took place in Queen's Birthday stock at £14 7s 6d, but the late news that good st9ne bad been struck in the winze at the North Birthday mine will no doubt have an effect npon shares for tbg next dsy or two. The favorable indications for quartz in the shaft of tbe Prince Patrick Company bad a good effect npon the value of shares, which rose from -13s to 15s i6d, but both Newington and Magdala closed the week slightly easier than opening prices. Lothair alsostiffered a sudden decline from 5a 6d to 4s, through the market being over-supplied; but shares partially recovered from the depression afterwards, and sold at 4s 6d, with bolders firmer at 6d more. These were the most noticeable alterations in marketable stock, the remainder showing only the ordinary fluctuations incidental to epeculation. The yields during the week were generally op to the average, but tbe most gratifying incident in thia respect was the yield of 154 oz of gold from 90 tons of stone by tbe Queen Company, Black Bill Flat. This splendid retnrn was obtained from the Eastern slates, some 300 feet east of the shaft, ID tbe 500 feet level) uid la another instance of the richness of oar Ballarat Eiet qnartz lodes. It is apparent that tbe Black HiU Company did gort work to sicking the 600 feet abaft on the flat, and we learn that the backs ere looking splendid between tbe 400sod 500 feet levels. We aregtaUIsoto observe tfc£ old Llanberris once again In the list of gold-yielding mines; PBITCHARD and tribotors having obtained over 145 02 for tbe month. This drcamstanceahonld be an incentive to tbe company's shareholders to proceed j with the lower main . orivet for which only a small amount of capital is necessary to carry it into some of tbe most promising qnartz coontrp, Jand the result wonld be undoubtedly tbe means of placing-tbe company in ir good ^fihancial position. Two more companies to work land in the Beaufort division have been placed npon the market within the past week, and both lure excellent jraj>e<4s. ; . The Victoria No. 2 Company b an offshoot «onth of tbe present fortunate Victoria Company at Waterloo, formerly tnown, ae the Golden Gate ground ; and the Sonth DeBance has been fanced-tojol lo w. opJhe *3?iiora v &&Uy; t Lead, famed for its rich yields in the palmy a days of the Piety Creek rush. It is satisfactory evidence of the bona-fides of both maadcwsI T proprietaries that the subscribed capital all goes towards the development of the ground, so that by this arrangement shareholders will know that their money will be spent on actual work. The total dividends declared during the week amount to £4929, and comprise—Sultan, as per share, equal to £625; Trunk Lead, la, equal to £300; Dyke's Freehold, Is, equal to £900; Eistori, 2s 6d, equal to £1500; De Mureka, 2s 6d, equal to £1000; Band of Hope and Albion Consols, 6d, equal to £556; and New Dimock's, 20s, equal to £48. The following are the comparative yields :—• City of Canterbury ....„.., Be Morsfca Duchess ..._.... Byke'fi Egerton Kingston Park Little Stream, Kewtown... Kew Victoria. ! Kew Eureka Bacecourge Beform Bistori. Byan'e Junction Trunk Lead Blaok Horse Hand and Albion Ooneoie Gniding Star New North Olanee ..... NewEimock'e Nil Despeiandum Parker's United Queen's Birthday Boltan Bou'Jl Clunflfi TempeiajiCB 163 10 0 18 5 18 129 3 0 8 14 0 90 5 0 80 0 0 189 5 0 251 0 0 192 17 0 252 8 0 73 9 0 51 4 0 137 11 0 127 17 0 Last Fortnight Fortnight. Before. 262 0 0 165 0 0 2M 7 0 227 15 0 87 4 0 75 2 12 205 0 0 266 0 0 £6 0 0 48 12 0 7 19 6 139 6 0 696 7 0 664 17 0 272 0 0 236 0 0 493 0 486 IS D No return 81 0 0 Llanberris (month) 145 4 0 - Qneen (90 tons) ............. 154 0 0 We understand that a cablegram has been received from Mr Berry by tbe Acting Premier, announcing that another official interview is pending between Mr Berry, Professor Pearson, and Sir Micbael Hicks-Beach, on the constitutional question. A deputation of miners from Boninyong waited upon tbe hon. Major Smith on Saturday last to request that at future Mining Board elections—if the boards were to be continued—some means would be taken to provide n miners' roll, on which each elector's name should appear. It was also pointed out that this course was necessary owing to the manner in which miners' rights were purchased immediately prior to an election and used by dummies. Major Smith, in reply, said that tbe days of usefulness of mining boards had now passed. The whole subject of mining legislation, local and otherwise, would come on for consideration next session, and the request of the deputation would receive his earnest consideration with a view to amendment. A rather sensational incident was witnessed in Bridge street on Saturday night by a large number of persons. A decrepit old woman, who in small wares, had fallen down in Peel street, opposite tbe North Grant hotel, and a crowd soon collected around her. She was got on her feet by some good-natured persons, and placed on tbe footpath, but in endeavoring to cross to the north side of Bridge street she again fell, and lay full length in the middle of tbe road. At this time a spring-cart containing three men—apparently in state of intoxication—came along in a direct line to where the woman was lying. Several persons called out loudly to those in the vehicle to stop, but instead of their paying any attention to this warning, the speed of the vehicle was increased, and, to tbe horror of everybody, it appeared as though nothing could be done to save tbe poor old creature from being run over. At this juncture, however, several of the bystanders, at some risk to themselves and with great promptitude, rushed forward and managed to drag the woman clear of tbe wheel of the vehicle, which at that instant passed so close te her feet that many were under tbe impression she was injured. Although the greatest excitement and indignation prevailed amongst the spectators, those in the vehicle drove on in the most unconcerned manner. They were followed by a number of persons who intended to have them arrested, but unfortunately this could not be done as there were no police at baud. The name on the vehicle was taken, however, and it is probable that more will be heard of the matter. An inquest on the.body of the man Launcelot Henderson, who dropped dead in the yard adjoining Tolloch and M-Lareo'a brewery, was held at the City Court by Mr Thomson, P.&L;, on Saturday mprning. The evidence of the daughter of the deceased was to the effect that her father sometimes complained of pains in his stomach. He complained of them the evening before his death, but left home the next morning apparently in good health. Dr Bonce, who tn&de; a post mortem examination of the remains, stated that death was caused by ossification of the heart. The verdict returned was in accordance with the medical testimony. Deceased was a widower, and had but one daughter •—a grown woman, who suffers so much from rheumatics that ehe has almost lost the use of her legs. The last bulletin from the contractors of the Gordon railway to the Government officer is to the effect that the line will be ready by the 16th instant. There is some talk of the residents of Gordop having a demonstration on the occasion of the opening, and we are Informed thit it is intended to invite the Governor to be present. A telegram was received by Mr Alex. Clark on Saturday, from the secretary of the Melton Coursing Club, to the effect that in consequence of no rain having fallen, the running for the Melton Club Derby and Oaks had been postponed indefinitely. talm Sunday at St. Paul's, 1879, will be remembered as the occasion on which Dr Stanton, D.D., Bishop, of Northern Queensland, preached at tbe morning service. Dr Stanton, who has left a pastorate in London very recently, and is now on bis way to his new bishopric in the North of Qaeeoslasd, -accepted an invitation to officiate in Ballarat yesterday. He took as bis text St. Matthew's Gospel, viiL, 2 and 5, "And behold there came a leper and worshipped Him saying, Lord if Thou w3t thou canst makB me clean/' "And when Jesns was entered into C&peraaam; there came unto him a centurion beseeching him.'' On this text the xev. gentleman delivered a very impressive and -eloquent discourse, throughout which ; ' be exhibited powers of oratory rarely found in the colony. Dr Stanton labored very successfully in tbe parish he has just left, and, no doubt, with the credentials be possesses in his great ability and polish aa a clergyman and preacher, iie will be heartily welcomed and truly appreciated in the province to which be has been appointed. There was a fair congregation, and the collection amounted to nearly £5. In the evening, the rev. gentleman preached to a congregation of river 756 persons in Christ Church. He took for his text the let and 14th vases of the fourth chapter of St. Luke—" And Jesus, being full of the Holy Ghost, returned from Jordan, and was led of the Spirit into the wilderness. And Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit into Galilee." On this subject Dr Stanton delivered a very interesting and logical discourse, in the course of which he showed that, be»ides being a polished speaker, and an acquisition to the ranks of the colonial clergy, he possesses in a very high degree the faculty of describing places and conditions of life in a manner that en chains the attention of his hearers. The collection made at the conclusion of tbe service amounted to £7 Us. At several -places along the new railway heing made to Gordon large dead trtes are close to the line, and in such a position too that if they should fall they must inevitably fall across the line. It would be well if the authorities looked to this matter, or tomo stormy winter's night, the line may b£ tbe Bccoe of & ternblc duutcr. A. lad named named David Yonng iru urested and lodged in tbe City lock-up on Saturday night, by Constable Hickey, charged with having stolen a £ trap, valued at 3a, tbe property of Jas: Hargreaves, on tbe 26th ultimo. The etrap was used by Hatgreaves lor locking one of the wheels of hit cart, and Young ia charged with removing the •trap, and disposing of it He waa bailed ont, bat will be dealt with at the City Court to-day. b "An'afternoon service was Lelfi yeitinlay "bv a Pastor Cbiniquy, in the Academy of Music. The t t pattw'a secretary, Mr Wall, occupied (be obair; Ihe Heva. A. Bigg-and J.G. Perrin toeing-prracnt"on p the platform. The building was crowded in every part, and contained about 2000 people. The service waa opened with ^prayer .and.jinging, after o which the chairman read the second chapter of Tw Hebrews. Pastor Chiniquy then delivered a long and able address «n the above. In explaining r the object of bis mission, the pastor said it was his bfotcm intention to erect in America a larpe ediflco, which would be a retreat for converted Catholic priests, and a place where tbey could study the Bible, and issue forth to aid him in his fight, l'astor Cbiniquy stated, to show tbe necessity of .building Ibis retiear, that there were 500 converted priests e in Paris, who had no place to go to, and were p worfcmg ss laborers in the streets, and 300 in New fork. After the address, a collevtion waj m taken up. and amounted'to £18 9s S£d. A benediction (delivered by the pastor) closed the ser- hro vice. In theevening, PastorOrisiquy conducted ffi* heserrice at tbe Dawson Street Baptist Church, nd preached from the 4th chapter of St. John. be pastor, at the conclusion of an eloquent seron, brieflyjtoncbed on the object of his mission, nd a collection in aid of it was taken up, and mounted to -£lfi 13s 8d, from which £S will be educted as the average amount of the church ollection. While going home to his lodgings, we ere extremely sorry to hear that a number of tones were thrown at Pastor Chiniqay. t is certainly deeply to be regretted that any visitor should meet with such an outrage; aad it is to be hoped that the offenders will be called upon to account for this disgraceful proceeding. On Good Friday sight Pastor Cbiniquy will again preach, on behalf of the charities, in the Baptist Church. Mr Thomson, P.M., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday, and fined George Brien 20s, or three days' imprisonment, for insulting behavior. Mary Mnginmw was sent to gaol for one month as a habitual drunkard. At the Town Police Court, Mr Anderson. J.P., presided, and remanded John Busier until Monday on a. charge of petty larceny. The proposed water supply scheme for the borough of Smythesdale, Browns, and Scarsdale, will probably have to remain in abeyance for some time longer, as Mrs Boden, whose daip^ water rights, . it was intended to purchase : Is, so that no time will be lost when the property is again io the market The usual monthly meeting of the committee of tbe Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held at Craig's hotel on Saturday last, when there was a fair attendance, and the' president (Mr G. G. Morton) occupied tbe chair. A letter from Mr Le Patoura, private secretary to the Marquis of Normauby, stating that hit Excellency had been pleased to become a patron of'the society; received with thanks. The .following accounts were passed for payment —The Cornier, £19s; livening Post, £1; F. W. Niven, £L 8s 6d; secretary^ salary (two months), £20 16s 8d; postage, £2; small charges, £1 fis; the president (deputation expenses), £6 Gs. * The secretary reported that the last-named sum bad been donated to the society by the president. Tbe annual report, which was then read, showed that tbe society was in a better financial state than it had been for some years previous. Tbe balance-sheet showed that the Liabilities, which were last year some £500, bad been reduced to a little more than £200. The balance-sheet further stated the debit balance to be £1157 2s 3d, and tbe amount of Government grant due £912 lis 9d. The subscriptions fer the year amounted to £1097 12s 8d, and the amount paid in prizes to £1493 13s Gd. These two last items are the heaviest of their kind which have ever appeared on the records of the society. The attendance-list showed that there had been an average of sixteen members present at each meeting. Messrs Binney and Richmond were re-appointed auditors for the ensuing year. On the motion of Mr Jopling, a very cordial vote of thanks was tendered the president, Mr G. G. Morton on the end of his »term of office, and a desire that he would remain in office was generally expressed by those present. The president briefly acknowledged the vote, and then proposed a vote of thanks to the secretary, Mr 8. Morrison, to whose energy and ability he attributed most of the successes of the year. Ihe motion was carried unanimously, and Mr Morrison responded to" it. Votes of rfrnnH were then accorded to the vice- presidents and the other officers of the society, to Host Wilkins far the accommodation and attention he rendered, and to the press; and were duly responded to. Mr Baird moved, and Mr M'Intosh seconded— " That a donation of £10 be roted by the society to Sir Bell to aid him in perfecting bis invention" (a reaping and binding machine). Consideration of this was deferred to the next monthly meeting, and the committee then adjourned. The nineteenth half-yearly meeting of the United Grenville District, A.O.F., waB held on Friday evening lost, In the court-room (tbe town hall), of Court Good Intent, Scars lale; D.C.B. Br Bott presiding. The following delegates were present:—Court Foresters' Home—P.D.C.B. Br D. Hart, S.C.B. Br A. Cummings, juu. Court Good Intent—F.CJ£. G. Speedie, P.D.C.B. T. 45dgar. Court Merry Foresters — P.C.B. Br ' Whitta, and Secretary Br J. D. Lindsay. All the district officers were also present. Tile balancesheet and the auditors' report were received and adopted; tbe former showing a net balance to credit of £1767, which was considered very satisfactory. At tbe conclusion of the business the brethren adjourned to Host Parrell's Freemasons' hotel, where, at the invitation of Court Good Intent, they eat down to an excellent supper prepared in the host's well-known faultless style, and spent a few too brief hours in the enjoyment toast, song, and sentiment. The annual flower show and promenade conceit in connection with the Canton Cricket Club was held in tbe shire hall, Unton, on Friday last. The hall was very tastefully decorated by Miss Cronin, and tbe display of flowers and fruits made by tbe exhibitors was (notwithstanding the unfavorable season) ra the highest degree creditable. The following are the names of the principal ejjubitors of fruits:—Mr T. Bryant, twenty-eight varieties; extra tine. Mr H. Ificholls, twenty-four varieties ; a good collection. Mr Sale, nine varieties. Mr Xanton, irixteen varieties. Mr Wise, five varieties; all very good. Mr Shepherd - showed some very fl&equinces.; Mr Ronald, a dish of Tery large apples. A number of pumpkins, melons, fee., were shown by Messrs Linton, F. Bryant, Tally, and Wise; all good. Flowers— This portion of the show was under the superintendence of Mr W. Bryant, and reflected great credit upon him. Mrs Linton showed -a very pretty collection of pot plants and cut flowers; Mrs Shepherd, a dozen of nice pot plants; Miss Bryant, three fuchsias; Mrs Dodds, ferns; Mr W. Bryant, cut flowers and forty-three pot plants, well grown, though not so well In flower as usual; Mr T. Bryant, nineteen pot plants, well in flower; Mr E. Kicholls, twenty-four pot plants—a nice collection; Mr Cameron, ferns and cut flowers; Miss Bennett, cut flowers and bouquets. Mr D. M*Fadzean presided, and the following; ladies and gentlemen assisted at the concert:—Mrs Ian ton, Misses Bunting, Burrows, L. Bennett, Lewis, Kennedy, and Stephens; Messrs Crook, Cutler, Beal, Heatb, and Partridge. Mrs Linton presided at the pianoforte, and the Linton brass band gave selections of music during the evening. The hall was crowded, so that promenading was nearly impossible; bnt'evexyone departed wdl pleased with tbe evening's entertainment. A complaint is made to us of eome very mean person having stolen a wreath of immortelles placed by a gentleman on the grave of his little boy. What reason the thief amid have for taking such a comparatively valueless tiling it is difficult to understand, but it is to be regretted some people display such little regard for the feeBngaof others. The committee of the Ballarat Horticultural Society some time ago determined on inaugurating a horticultural reading-room In connection with the society, and bave been enabled (by the courtesy of the committee-of the Water Commission) to carry out tbe project in one of the small rooms of tbe Alfred HalL On visiting the room the other night, we found the teblecovered with newspapers, standard works, and periodicals pertaining to horticulture. The opportunity thus afforded to lovers of horticultural pursuits can in no way be over-estimated. The reading-room is open three nights a week, and Is, considering the newness of the scheme, very w£l attended and much aboredated. r The inhabitants of Staffordshire Beef and the surrounding locality have for a long time been subjected to great inconvenience for tbe want of a resident J.P., the nearest being at -^ntniilale or Piggore?t; and a requisition has been got up for presentation to the law officers of tbe Crown, praying that Mr George Perry, mining registrar, may be appointed a J.P. Therequisition has been both numerously, and influentially agoed. and tbe appointment of that gentleman would give great ana universal satisfaction in the district. Anniversary aennons in connection with the Macarthur Street Wesleyan Church were preached yesterday by tbe Bers. A. Bigg and Henry Bath, at which there were large congregations. This evening a tea meeting will be held at half-past six o'clock, to be followed by a public meeting, presided over by Mr James Bussell, J.P., and addresses will be delivered by the circDit ministers, interspersed with musk by the church choir. There is m visible falling-off In the number of visitors to the lake and gardens on Sunday; no doubt yesterday the comparatively small thexe .was due to. the unpleasant and state of the weather and theattxactions in town. During the past week 147 in-door and 618 outpatients were treated at th» Ballaxal Hospital. The quarterly meeting of the Ballarat branch tbe Australian Natives' Assoaation was held on evening at Craig's hotel, at which then was a fair attendance. . Correspondence of a nature was dealt with.. Four new members were elected, and there were four nominations for membership. The consideration ^of the report of the committee on the best means to be adopted to gire more publicity to the objects of the association and the advantages to be derived from membership was held over till next meeting. An on "The federation of the colonies" has ..been for the next meeting. The following is the notice-paper for the general of the Orphan Asylum'committee, to be Tnesday.^evening:—House, committee's report' report -of eub^coannlttee -on ^the admission of tffc children naraed Bobblns, from Ararat, re* {erred to Messrs Macaw and Phillips (or report; report of sab-committee on the adir/isoon of -two children earned Krugger, referred to Messrs Josephs and Lakeland for report; general business ; fresh applications. The Treasurer invites tenders this morning for bread, meat, groceries, and vegetables for the public service of the district. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. We are compelled to hold over a number of letters received yesterday until to-morrow. A meeting of grocers' employes will be held at tbe Back's Head hotel this evening, at eight o'clock* to consider matters connected with the early closing movemeut. The meeting of the Haddon Lodge, 120 LO.G.Tn will be held to-morrow evening. Messrs Cole and Pearce return thanks this morn in?, in our advertising columns,' to their neighbors and friends for kindness shown them in connection with the late fire at Windermere. The most important hurling match of the ensuing season promises to be tbe contest between the Ballarat and Melbourne clubs, which event will take place in the Russell square reserve on Easter Monday. In another column the secretary invites tenders for the refreshment booth, returnable tomorrow. We have received a copy of the president's address, as delivered at the last meeting of the Booksellers And Stationers' Association of Victoria. It has been re-printed in pamphlet form by Messrs Fergusson and Moore, of Melbourne. Of the 10S2 persons relieved at the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum last week, 440 were children. Mrs A. J. Clark, who was second assistant in th Scarsdale State school, has been transferred to a similar position in the Sebastopol school. A social tea meeting will be given to the Rev. J. C. Macdougall this evening, in the Neil street schoolroom, commencing at half-part six o'clock. A meeting of Pastor Chimquy's committee will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, at eight o'clock. Pastor Chiniquy will lecture in the Academy of Mosic next Tuesday evening on "What does the Church of .Rome and her priests and -people mean by liberty of conscience?" The chair will be taken by the Rev. W. Clark. The date for receiving nominations for the Rokewood and Corindhap Handicap has been extended to Saturday next, at three o'clock. Mr J. A. Chalk has been appointed a magistrate to act in -the southern bailiwick. Friday, Saturday, Monday, And Tuesday next are gazetted holidays in the Civil Service. Mr D?ms Murphy is gazetted acting clerk of courts at Meredith, rice Mr G. Darling, resigned. Sir Bryan O'Logblen (says the Age) received a telegram oc Friday from Mr Berry, in London, under date 3rd instant, requesting tbe Treasurer to forward his direction to the banks to pay in London the claims of those shareholders of the Melbourne and Hobsou's Bay Railway who are to be paid there. The sum to he so paid amounts to half a million sterling. It would be interesting to know (says the Age) whether any and what decision has been arrived at by the board appointed to enquire into the Weiberg case. It is many weeks since the board first began to take evidence, and it is some time since the examination of witnesses was concluded, yet nothing definite Is known as to the result of the committee's investigations. It is understood that the committee^ after many deliberations, have sot been able to arrive at a unanimous understanding as to the tenor of their report. The consequence of this has been that two reports were drawn up, one expressing the views of two.-thirds of the committee and the other that of one-third. It is understood that the report of the minority is almost entirely exculpatory of the police so far as the etcape of WeibergiB concerned, whilst that of the majority expresses strong censure, on the ground that the prisoner should have been kept in handcuffs when tbe boat was being prepared for the search for gold in tbe Tarwin River. It is certainly time that the committee made their conclusions on tbe subject publicly known. An amusing scene (says tbe Herald) occurred in tbe city police court on Friday morning, when a Chinese appeared to prosecute a young girl named Alice Mulligan for stealing £13 on the sight previous. The robbery was described by Plain-clothes canstable Hutcheson as a very barefaced one. He asked for a remand for a week, and Mr Daly objected, on the ground that his client (the prisoner) and the prosecutor had been -living together for some time. Here came ttae babel. Mr Pantou asked tbe prosecutor if. he could speak English. Ee ejaculated that he "eaveed." Subinspector Larner then proceeded to examine him in the meat approved Ballarat-Chinese English (Mr Larner has bad much experience in the patois and the conversation which proceeded convulsed the court with laughter. It was doubtful which knew the least of the other's language, and Mr Daly said at last that he most have an interpreter Mr Panton rejoined that if be wanted one be must pay for him, as tbe case was going to-be remanded till Monday, and no doubt the services of an interpreter would be wanted then, as he did not think really that the court could stand either the prosecutor's English, or Mr Larner*s well-meant efforts in the 'direction' of the Celestial tongue. Rsmanded accordingly. Mr Longmare has lost no time (says tbe Argus in carrying out his intention to provide that new leases of selections shall contain a provision agains assignment or transfers by operation of law. The Gazette of Jfriday night contains consolidated an amended regulations under the Land Act 18G9. The only new regulation, however, is that relating to transfer or mortgage of leaseholds, and which is as follows:—" No. assignment or transfer, whethe by operation of law or otherwise, of & leasehold estate demised under section 20 of the L&nd;^ct 1869, shall have any effect or validity whatsoever, unless and until the Governor, acting by and with the advice of the Executive Council, sanction tbe same: and further, until the same be registered in theofficeof Oownlands, and aUsuch instruments as aforesaid shall have and take priority,' not according to their respective dates,, but according to the priority of .the registration thereof." The legality of this will probably be tested at some future time,but»tbat it cannot apply to selections already taken up, but far which leases have not yet been issued, is shown by tbe firstclause in th preliminary chapter, which is as follows:—"Except as to all matters^pe, rights acquired, and obligations incurred^Rrenuder, and except as heron after provided, all tbe rules, regulations, and orders tinder the Land Act l£G9f.specified in schedule 1 hereto, are hereby rescinded,^ being consolidated and amended herein." The present selectors have certainly "acquiri3 the right" to hate a lease granted without the objectionable clause, which, therefore, even if legal, can hardly be operative for some years to come. The Bacchus ^Marth Express says th members of the Ministry and the members of Par foment for the district • have been invited to s pubQc dinner to be given at Myrniong ob Thurs< day evening -next. A telegraphic mistake of an amusing kind, but o which at tbe same time occasioned much pain and a WBSJS3W Qf'th? gStfSS? c^scsfned, fM made (says the Argus) on ifriday in the irfthstiu*-t sion of .a message from Kyneton to Melbourne. A message was sent .stating that Mr B. Winter Kelleher, barrister, was "kept to-day, dows to-inor- m s row," but the message «s delivered read, ** killed, body down to-morrow." The news soon spread, and naturally occasioned deep pain to Mr Kelle-; her*8 friends. We ire desired to mention that, on i telegraphing to Kypeton for further particulars, 1 the welcome "intelligence was received that Jfr ^Kelleher was .alive and wdL • i \- Intelligence (says the Her alt) has been received by the Mining Department to the effect that the: "directors of the mine'In which the diamond drill is at'jiresent employed in Sandhurst, think that the depth attained is sufficient for that portion of the mine, and consider' it better to begin another: borer 30 feet .away Irpra .the site of the iiiiimiit one,; with the object sit cutting the cap of the teeL 1A commendable -rescue of a drowning Tsrother was made (says the Egncton Guardian) on W nesday lnt tj a little girl ' named Ells, the daughter of «ome visitors of that. name who are at present residing at Mrs Bayne*«, on the.banks of the Campaspe, which reflect* great credit upon the courageous little heroine. The two children ^rere playing about tbe banks of-the Campasy, in the vicinity of the Piper street bridge, when tbe hoy, who is stated to be about eight yean old, medden-. tally tripped, and ~was precipitated into a deep waterbole, head foremost. 'Unable toextricate himself from the {really dangerous position in which his wapt ofjcautiop liad.placed ium,-tbe Tittle fellow flounderedand aplashed about in*n eaKdtedxnahnerfor.m-MDonS -'Or.two, aed^was.on the point of sinking, when his brave'-little «iatert who is only about twelve years old, ^courageously threw herself into thejiver to ha rescue, att rected''IhePattention~ of "Mr v WH£am^ who was pawing *t,the time, and' altbougfrjuthe children could not swim -they succeeded in buoying themselves up till assistance arrived, when they were brought ashore notbloff the worse of the-accident, beyond having received»thprtflgh " whKt unexpected drebchmg/ "The"conduct ot Ibe little girl is praiseworthy in the extreme, and deserving of recqgni^n«; / f • TbeSupreznfeCourt(a&yslhe;'^oe) gaveju,exc -presskm -of opinion *%n Frfaay-%mch -wflTbe a .. tome interest.to jnagtantes and jadgeatrf inferior courts in statingcaies for the determination of tte Court in Baaeo. * V A magistrate applied for the \- costs tf irtaymftg^ffrhhirrl to. appear for him and \- -Sqgesent Ito^ to ttgument onTi'spedal caae stated by him for the opinion of the «rart:~"Tbe giSDef^nBtiee jaidHieyoint tad neterheettigeaaed . tjefqre, an(! jJieEefpreihe court did not feel at libert was * " 3 ' ' 0 > .cos^ewfflieioheallowed. Questions coming before that court were pure questions of law, and tbe- magistrates were in no way interested in the result. Mr Justice Barry remarked that magistrates were to be regarded as 4< parlies, not partisans,'" and therefore in sending »ca«e <vthe Full Cocrt they might assist tbe court, by affidavits, explaining facts; but it was not their duty to strive to maintain the judgments they arrived at. The Mortlahe Dispatch reports that" several fatal cases of diphtheria have occurred in theNoorat neighborhood. Mr Murdoch M'Donald has lost another child, being the fourth within a period cf three weeks. MrScally's family, too, has been again visited by death, making tbe third child that has been carried off in the course of a week or ten days. One of the children of Mrs Corson, of the State school, has also soccnmbed to the disease; -and we are given to understand that in all three families there are others suffering. We regret exceedingly to learn that, besidestbeae cases, there are a number of others in other families in the Noorat and Glenormiston neighborhoods, though the complaint is said to be in a slightly milder form. l All interested in the silk industry will be glad to hear (remarks the Age) that through the exertions and perseverance of Mrs Bladen Neil this industry is no longer to be looked upon in the light of a failure, as this season's crop has proved an undoubted success, the result being that a large bale of cocoons will be shipped to France by the Taojore, to be manufactured into various articles for the Sydney Exhibition. It should be mentioned that Messrs Currier and Adet have courteously ^offered to have the silks made at one e of the best manufactories in Lyons. Some half a dozen applications by pastoral tenants of the Crown in tbe malUe district for remission of rent on account of expenses incurred hi tbe destruction of rabbits have been made (says the Argus) to the Lands department and granted. On of these tenants—Mr Johu Finlay, states, in a •letter to the department dated tbe 18th ultimo, t that great success bad attended the poisoning of rabbits on the Towanninie and Thalia blocks, and that these pests could be completely eradicated in open country if it were not for recruits coming out of the mallee. He mentions as an extraordinary fact that of the rabbits killed on the places mentioned there were seven females in proportion to one male. • Most capricious of all opera singers (says an English paper) is lima de Murska. No manager could control her uiitil the present one, De Vivo, became associated with her. It was a common thing for her to refuse to sing because her parrots and dogs had not had a stated dinner. At one time she had a monkey, a Newfoundland dog, tw Maltese terriers, and a French poodle, three parrot9, and a parroquet. She took tbem eveiywhere, and it cost her salary to pay for tbe damage they did to tbe furniture at the hotels where she stopped. Be Vivo says this traveling menagerie, from first to last, cost her from 25,000 dols. to 50,000 dols. It accompanied her through Russia, Austria, Germany, Italy, Great Britain, Australia, and America. If sickness occurred in this M happy family," De Marska became sick too, and would not • ting. Prom deaths at one time or another, the menagerie has now dwindled to two dogs and three birds, but a dealer in animals has a standing order on his bookB to fill the vacancies in the company as opportunity may offer. 