(JltitlCMG III Mitll B'Vusicisuo f From the " Wlilt'i Conune-t.") Not far from Lock Sin's tea-house stands a big edifice, first used as the Globe Hotel ; a house four storey/ high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms cnoii'rh for fiftv tracsts. ineludiiiir vaulLs and attics there may be sixty rooms iu all. Surrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe Hotel, 110 longer fit fnr decent visitors, is let to Lea Si Tut, a rich Chinese, who re-lets his npurtmculs to Chinese resi dents of thu better . class — to shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. Leu S» Tut takes/ care lo have no tenant ot had repute. thief, a rag-picker, a night- prowler cannot.' hire a bed iu his hotel. Xo painted women passim door. Tnn and other !nwic-S gn\h-/s are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting .Is allowed within the house. Ho far as order can be made by rules, order is said to reign, among Lee Si Tut's tenauta, and the Cjfobe Hotel iu Jackson-street may be regarded as the royul khan and summer palace'of the Chinese iu America. ' jj Pass in. Oh, Lee Si Tut 1 A sickening odor greets your notrila 011 his, steps. A reek comes out of crcry <oor, and The dust of years cucrusLs hi/ wiudow panes. Compared with this . Globe Hotel uuder Lee Si Tut,1' a Turkish or a Spanish prison is 11 decent place.'/ /The bannis ters drip ; the passages sweat. / -A block and fetid slime runs dowu the walls. ' Aud then what press and multitude of/tenants on tbe s'nirs mul in the rooms,!/ 'Men swarm at every door, nnd crowd dpiyh every stage ; each pale nud melancholy .wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in yoiir face. A name less horror scents to brqiin every corner of the bouse for out of c.vjLjy coiner glare tho spectral eyes of beiugs './fevered by tun nud. stupefied with drugs,/ "L'; ... Kaclt room, arranged/for the accommoda tion of a single guest, i> cilher parted into six or seven sections by.. a string of mats, or shelved iu tiers all round the walls. Shelves are preferred, since ho one cares to pay for privacy ; nud a rooui thnt wlU only steep six or seven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen on sbclyVs. , From vault to attic, each room is foul with smoke, nud black with dirr and choked wub men.' No less. t)iha' fifteen hundred ghastly creatures finfi a lodging day nnd night in' tliis Cbinesq/|)arncliee. Rooms crowded and unwholesome I have seen before—at a.fcast in Einsicdeln, a mad house in Naples, -an 'emigrant ship at Liver- pool, a birrack ou4 'the Nile — but nowhere have Ityeeu buimtti creatures packed nud crushed 5 thpe tf/mnts of the Globe Hotel /nrc'packcd nnd'c: Jshed. Lee Si Tut lets bis house,/ ho- 8uys,-;lo eight huudred tenants; whieh would "giVi him, in a house of sixty vomiifl, "including- collars nnd lofts, thirteen tennnts to ennh ehninlioi tint thn r.i«»nl s cheat bim, he alleges, out of hulf his rcut, by subletting their shelves to men who occupy them half the day. Enquiry shows me that , t H Is' story of sub-letting and dividing the riAmi.is.ptHctly true, lvi Wgok lets his shelf fo( Li IXo; Wgok'uslug his shelf for twelve .'hours nnd giving it up to Li llo for the other twelve hours. Iu some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each tweut-y-four /hours — eight hours a-piecc. '/ ; Yet. 'those who lodgo in this hotel live in A : light and roomy palace by thu side- of those who live in the labyriutirof courts and styes, yards and entries lying round Bart lett Alley. Here some of thu first white settlers iu/ Ban Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is undrnincd. 'Ihe log uhnntics were run up hastily aud cheaply ; aud in these, fever- hanntcd hovels, rotten with ngc, putrid with tilth,' overran with vermin, the masses of Mongolians make their home. They creep iuto vaults, they climb into eaves, they burrow in tho earth. Iu holes unlit for dogs, you :mny dLeover ten or twelve wasted creatures sprawling on shelves, staring iuto space, and trying tosmokcthemselvesinto tbe opium-drenmeFs paradise. Worse still, if in the " lowest depth " thero can be a "deeper still," is tbe thieves' quarter; a district running hi nnd out of more respect- nblo quarters, with a rare indifference as to social forms. In tho thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal lias curious ways, and your ramble in his purlieus should be made at uight. All round Bartltqt's Alley lie the thieves ynrds 'niul cribbs ; foul attics, falling bal conies, underground kennels ; with a few spikes of Joss- wood burning nt ever door, lings rot on lliu ground, nud garbage poisons tho air. Slush squirts at you from under even nlnnk. and where tho iihrnks fail you. the earth appears nothing hut a running sore. Hag-shops nud receiving houses hid in old pits and hollows under the plank floors. In all these dntnp nnd loathsome boles a swarm of Asiatics wallow iu the filth, their pale aud ghastly faces rendered visible by the flicker of a reeking lamp. Fab ! Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, nnd des peration glowers from every Mongol fneo. In passiug from yard to ynrd you catch the slam of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel by in stinct that every ruffian standing behind these plnuks, alarmed by strange footsteps, and loiffi voices in the dead of night, Is listen ing nt his door, with Imtcbct raised to strike, or rifle" poised to fire. "Open tho doorl" cries your guide iu a peremptory tone, stopping iu front of a log cabin — " open the door 1 ' " You foolco me I You foolce ? " " No, no. Open the door I " . I'bo voice is recognised within ; the docC | Ls slowly opened, nnd you peep into the crib ; n cupboard as to size, but occupied by five or six men nnd women. Heaps of stolcugoods arc on the. flour ; but neither blade nor gun is visible. another crib we nro repulsed. To the enquiry " Uow? you foolco me! " We answer as' before, "No, no" ; but instead of seeing the door - open, we cntch a rapid ex change of whispers inside. "Go.; you not foolco me!" cries a voice, accompanied by the click of a rifle. " Bip nud slide," whispers our companion, aud we instantly 'dip and slide. s . I In Stout' Alley, mid inr the yard around this sink of squalor and iniquity, iodg-j the partners of tbcc thieve aii I murderers— the female siarc. ' l;t us get into tho opyn sirect I > " Tmi have now reen ft lRHc of our Chinee quarter/' rays my cnunianton, as we enter L«Kk Sin's tcn-hmre/fityiut two o'clock, and order a refreshing cvpV " What you havoech lp San Franci-co you may mm iu uomcnto. .SU>;kton, Sun Jok', and other .towntfj; Wherever John pin 1 j Ls his fwLing/bu|!fl« a China 'iVr.vti, and people it wlm'htp'lojjf, erltninalM, ami slaves. We get some very cheap lnlviur, and our financiers saythcy need cheap labour ' to. rievelop tbe country.' What think you of the price we bare to pay for our develop ment f i While we cic 'sipping tea on Lock Sin's balcony, n yull? com-ts up from the street liclow. A Clilhese figiil is on. Ah King, a Chinese r-cAmjV CuqirV--! by the city officer, aud, in the slung of his Asiatic coimlryiuen, Mich a Kpy/ri 'called a ghost. Of late this gho-t has been too busy, his celestial countrv- nh'ti thinki 'even -fur a paid spy; and two Asiatics, who hac ju-t come out of jail, are retting onbiin, pne moon-face witlin hatchet, the second/ tnoon-fnee with a knife. From every door in. I he street swarms out a crowd, and iii hu'/lhstnut fifty Chinese lanterns heave nnd'drop along tlio flags. " Bxen his me 1" rays my escort, and before 1 can reply/ he is gone from my side. King vanishes— Hkc a ghost. Moon-face with the knife coupes, just ns my escort swoons into the inurderoiH circle ; but the fellow with the hntch'ct is arrested 011 the spot and carried to Ihe city ward. His weapon when ex amined, proves to be n long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blo'id might have been at once removed, and (lie stainless knife re placed under the while srnock, as elenn nnd innocent in appearance ns ' trie soft -eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neigh bours heart. 