THE MONTH'S KEWS. The record of the month's events cannot be more appropriately opened than by a reference to the laying of the foun -1atinn.afnnA r\i a hiiiMitiiV fnr tlie TTnirpr. sity of Adelaide. This institution, although it has been in existence for some time, during which it has been gradually working its way into public confidence, has hitherto had no fixed dwelling-place. The Professors, of whom there are four, have had to give their lectures in hired classrooms, - and generally the operations of the University have been hampered by the absence of proper facili ties for teaching. The building, vrhich has now been commenced, will cost some £25,000, and it will probably be two years before it is out of the contractors' hands. Full particulars of the ceremony alluded to above will be found in. subsequent columns. The duty of laying the atone was undertaken by His Excellency the Governor, and th'e event was made the occasion of ' an imposing public de monstration. Addresses were delivered by His Excellency, by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (the Chancellor of the UniversityX and by the Hon. Thomas King (Minister of Edu cation). The Governor's speech was dis tinguished no less by its earnestness and eloqneuce' than by the common-sense tone which pervaded it. By his re marks as to the objects which the University should keep steadily in vie\r he showed that he had a thoroughly intelligent and practical grasp of the requirements of the case. His proposalfl with regard to tlie establishment of an Agricultural College were especially opportune, and it is to be hoped that no time will be lost in giving effect to them. It is felt tu be a very unfortunate circum stance that the Imperial authorities have deemed it wise to require as a condition precedent to the granting of a charter, that the University should abandon all claim to giving degrees in science. In a community like ours it is of the highest importance that the study of science in its practical applications should receive every possible encouragement, and it ?will be well for the authorities of the University to make further representa tions in this matter before finally accepting theposition as laid down in the despatch cf Sir Michael Hicks-Beach. The work of legislation proceeds but slowly. The idea, which seems to have gained ground, that Parliament should rise early so that our legislators may have an opportunity of visiting the Sydney Exhi bition, so far from making them more active, seems to have afflicted them with a general indisposition for vigorous exer tion. With one exception the Legislative Council has contented itself with a brief sitting once a week ; and though of course the Assembly has met more frequently, the sitttings have not been long, nor has the attendance been large. A Supply Bill for £400,000 has passed both branches of the Legislature. Some four other measures, comparatively unimportant, have been carried in the Council, and about half a dozen in the Assembly. The Dog Bill, to ?which we referred last month— the object of which was to impose a higher tax upon greyhounds and kangaroo dogs — has been rejected, on the assurance that vigorous measures will be taken to enforce the provisions of the existing Act, which are sufficiently stringent if properly administered to mitigate the nuisance ari3ing from unregistered dogs being allowed to wander abont. A Bill for amending the law relating to crossed cheques, framed upon the model of the recent English legislation, was also thrown out by a large majority. The measure for the repeal of the Brands Act of last session has been referred to a Select Committee, who are to report on the 20th of this month. Another Select Com mittee has been appointed, on the motion of the Hon. L. Glyde, to enquire into certain allegations as to the manner in which the BivoliBay and Mount Gambier Railway was constructed ; and notice has been given of a motion for the appointment of a Commission to enquire into the whole system of the construction and manage* ment of our public works. A Commission has already been nominated to enquire into the management of the Loan Fund, and generally into the way in which the accounts are laid before Parliament, with a view to the establishment of a Consoli dated Loan Fund. A Commission has also been appointed in reference to the Parliament Buildings, to report as to the best site available in accordance with tlie Act passed last year. A Com mission sat last year, but their report was not in accordance with the terms of the Act, and hence the necessity for the step just taken. The need for increased accommodation for the members of the Assembly is becoming more urgent^ and in 'view of the prospect of an increase in the number of representatives. Speak ing of engineers, it may be mentioned that the Parliamentary proceedings have been pleasantly diversified by a 'picnic,' arranged by the Commissioner of Public Works to give members an opportunity of inspecting two rival sites for the sewage farm to be . established in connection with the new drainage works. ? One of these sites is in the neighbour hood of the Reedbeds, the other at Tam 0'Shanter Belt, a scattered village lying to the north-west of Adelaide in the direction of the North Arm. . The pro posal of the Hydraulic Engineer, which is of course endorsed by the Government, is that the latter locality should be selected partly because' of the levels, partly because of the extent o£ available land, partly because ,'of its' favourable position, regarded in /the light of ^ the direction of the prevailing winds, but chiefly because of the saving of coat in the purchase of land. The objection tp this Bite is based upon the character of the soil, but there is strong evidence of its suitability. The visit of members can scarcely be said to have qualified them to decide the question, but they are being asked by the Commis sioner of Public Works to give their ver dict upon it. The controversy that has thus arisen is causing some delay in the carrying out of the drainage works, but contracts for portions of the main sewer have already been let, and operations are to be pushed on as rapidly as possible. i A Bill has been brought in for the pur pose of rearranging the electoral districts. At present the members number forty-sis, and they are returned by twenty-two districts, everv one of which sends two: representatives, except Korth. Adelaide, which returns only one, and Light, Wal laroo, and Flinders, which return three each. It is proposed to make twenty-five districts, each returning two members. In addition to other changes in the boun daries Encounter Bay will be merged in Onkaparinga and Mount Barker, and Wal laroo will be divided into two districts, named Wallaroo and Yorke'a Peninsula, aid three other fresh districts will be constituted, called Gladstone, Frome, and Newcastle. The measure has not yet reached the second reading, and when referred to a.Select Committee there will no doubt be a great deal of discussion as to the boundaries proposed by the Govern nient. That the existing boundaries need revision admits o£ no doubt. ? The shifting character of the population and the extension', of settlement .- northwards,^ have caused -ihe existing distribu-' tipn of seats' ^ to he most Unequal. The other Electoral Bill, which deals -with the methods of making up the rolls and of conducting elections, has passed the Assembly and. ia now before the. Council. We have before referred to its main pro visions. One of the chief changes made by it is in regard to the quinquennial roll of electors. The present custom is to prepare that' roll from census returns every five years, and until it comes in force six months after its completion the old lkta are used in the event of an election occurring in the mean time. The proposal in the Bill is that in the preparation of the quinquennial roll Ja comparison shall be made with the old lists, and that the new roll shall come into force earlier than heretofore. In regard to this the Returning Otticer of the Province and several of the District Returning Officers are at variance, and it is probable that an effort will be made to conform the provisions of the Bill in regard to this matter to the existing law. ? The measure for the alteration of the constitution of the Legislative Council has been discussed during the month, but the second reading is not yet carried. One amendment has been sug gested, to the effect that in the event of a prolonged difference of opinion the tw-.. Housts shall sit and vote together, and another that in the case supposed the Governor shall have power temporarily to increase by nomination the number of members cf the Council. A Bill to carry out this latter idea is to be submitted to the Council by the Hon. A. Hay. It is very doubtful, however, whether it will pass that House, and it is morally certain that it will not be approved by the Assembly. It may be noted, iu passing, that in Victoria the Berry Government have submitted a Reform Bill, if anything, more extreme in its character than any of their previous measures. It proposes to deprive the Council of all power in respect of the Appropriation Bill by enacting that the vote of the Assembly alone shall be a sufficient authority for the expenditure of money. It retains the proposal to resort to a plebiscite in certain cases, but its most extraordinary feature is a provision for converting the Upper House into a nominee- Chamber, thefl nominated members to hold office, not for life, but for ten years. The second reading of the' District Courts Bill has been carried in the Assembly on the understanding that the whole scope of the Bill and the title will be altered in Committee. Tins is a most unsatisfactory course, and it would have been far better to have withdrawn the Bill and to have introduced another in its place providing, as is now intended, or the increased jurisdiction of the Local Courts, instead of the establishment of an entirely new system of jurisdiction The Treasurer made his Budget speech on Tuesday last. The revenue for the year ending June 30, 1870, amounted to £ 1,061,675, or nearly £41,000 ahort of the estimate ; but an advance upon the incom for the previous twelve months of ^160,270. The expenditure was £1,708,106, or an increase upon the estimate of i'8,274, and an advance upon the outlay for the previous year of i'230,147. The unexpended balances — that is, amounts appropriated for specific purposes but not expended— amounted to £254, 714,of which £174,380 are brought forward, the balance being allowed to lapse because not required. The year was begun with a cask balance of £44,907, and it ended with a cash deficit of £01,584. Adding to this latter amount the unexpended balances brought forward, the actual deficit on the 30th June becomes £235,904. The chief falling -off in revenue has been in the Customs, which' brought in £40,000 Ies3 than the estimate, and only £1,000 more than was realized in 1877-8. This defi ciency in the revenue is, of course, fully explained by the scantiness of the last harvest. For the current year the Treasurer estimates his expenditure t £1,854,345, which, added to the cash deficit and unexpended balances already eferred to, brings up the requirements o £2,090,309. . The revenue is estimated at £1,855,587, leaving an anticipated deficit on June 30, 1880, of, £234,722. This, it must ? be admitted, is serious enough, especially as Supplementary Estimates amounting to £40,000 or £50,000 will probably have to ba brought in. In order to_ meet the deficiency it 13 proposed to levy au income and property tax, which it is estimated will bring in ^ from £80,000 to £100,000. Of course, even with this addition to the revenue, the deficit will not -be all wiped out in less than three or four years, unless, as is to be hoped, . with im proved harvests there may be a greater advance in the revenue. Parliament will be asked to sanction a further loan, amounting in all probability to about £1,000,000. The agreement with the Associated Banks to supply the Govern ment with funds pending the issue of the next loan has been produced. The text of the agreement, together with some comments upon it, will be found else where. The debate on the Budget is adjourned until next Tuesday, when it is probable the financial policy of the Go vernment will be criticised by an ex Treasurer (Mr. Ross). The rigors of an English winter, with their attendant train of distress and misery, are fortunately almost unknown in these warm latitudes. The commercial depression, however, which is making Atanlf fait *r\ A dolnida -ia alaaxvTtava coupled with the. three consecutive bad seasons which agriculturists have ex perienced, have overcrowded the labour market and occasioned a good deal of distress in the city. The arrival of new immigrants at an inopportune moment has somewhat aggravated the difficulty. At the same time the public have not been backward in assisting those who have been reduced to a destitute condition by this unfortunate combination of cir cumstances. Subscriptions have been ' raised and other steps taken for the relief of persons in distress or suffering from ill-health, and the City Missionaries have been ?unflagging in their exertions. The period of adversity, however, has beea. but temporary, and is now passing away. The advent of the shearing season, and the improved condition of the labour market consequent upon the prospect of an unusually good harvest, have stimu lated most industries, and work is every day becoming more plentiful. There is still room for improvement, but now that a change has fairly set in there is every reason to' hope that affairs will shortly be restored to a satisfactory footing. At the annual meeting of the City Mission, held on July 21, a very satisfactory report was given of the progress made by this institution, and of the good work achieved under^ its auBpices. It has hitherto worked quieily and unobtrusively, but now that attention has been pro minently directed to its useful ness there is little doubt that it will receive a larger share of public support. An agitation is now proceeding for the opening on Sundays of State-supported Museums and Libraries. The proposal was mooted in Parliament by Mr. Fra3er, but the consideration of the question was adjourned to enable the public to express an opinion. One or two meetings have l^een held to protest against the change, but at a very large gathering held in the Town Hall on August 7 the proposition was carried by an over whelming majority. The Biaiiop of Adelaide, amongst other ministers of re ligion, has expressed disapproval of the movement, but the Rev. C. C. Elcum (the Bishop's Chaplain) and the Rev. Father Prendergast (a Catholic priest) have both taken up the question very warmly and urgently advocate Mr. Fraser's motion. A proposition was recently bronght forward in the Legisla tive Council in favour of ooenin? the Post-Office fordelivery of letterson Sunday for an hour after the arrival of 'the English mails, but it was negatived. With this decision the community at large cordially sympathize, but it is felt by many that - the pro posal for rendering Museums and Institutes accessible to the public on Sunday afternoons presents an altogether different aspect. The principle contended for in this case has been conceded in the opening of the Botanic Gardens, and there is a strong feeling that infinitely more good than harm must result from giving to the labouring classes Increased facilities for intellectual improvement on their Day of Rest. At present the pro posal is being treated pretty much as an abstract question, for it is acknowledged that until the new Institute and Muaum buildings now in course of erection are completed it would be very little use throwing open these institutions on the Sunday. The controversy which this subject has called forth has largely taken the place of the discussion upon Ritualism which was in full progress a month ago. Up till lately the newspapers have been teeming with correspondence npon that question, but it is fair to add that the correspondence has apparently had no practical result. There have been more than one sensa-* tional occurrences during the month. The first in order of date was an alleged case of infanticide by an unmarried woman, who stand's committed to take her trial at the present sessions. The child was seen alive in her possession in a train geing down to the seaside, and on the following morning it was found dead on the beach. The defence Bet np by the mother is that the child was dead before she reached the sea side. Following upon this event, a fatal accident occurred on one of the lines of tramway which now intersect the city. The occurrence has excited consi derable attention, as it is the first fatal accident which has taken place through the tramways since they were firatlaid down. The victim was a little child about two years of age, who was playing in the street at the time the car was passing, and who ran under the vehicle before it could be stopped. The driver has been blamed for not exercising more care, but it is doubtful whether this cen pure is deserved. One of the most tragic events that has ever occurred in the colony has taken place in Goodwood Park, a suburb of the city. A young man named Harvey, maddened, it is supposed, by jealousy, beat out the brains of a respectable young girl to whom he had been paying his addresses, and then committed, suicide by pasting himself down a welL _ The police have been called - to account ior their treatment of a vegetable dealer who was accused unjustly of stealing a lamp from a cart in one of the city markets. The unfortunate man was not only arrested and kept in the lock-up for two days, but his home was searched, although ^o warrant had been granted for the purpose. ' The ' case brought against him was dismissed, it being clearly proved that he had not been guilty ' of .'the theft laid at hb door; arid an enquiry is about to be instituted by the. Govern ment, who have appointed a Board to investigate tlie case. , Whether the police have strained their authority or not, it is certain that a gross wrong has been committed, and it is necessary that something should be done to guard against a repetition of such an occurrence. An extraordinary story has been given to the public by a young girl, a ' domestic1 servant, who alleges that one evening she was stopped in a street in the city by a young man to whom- she had some months before been engaged ; that she was rendered unconscious, pre sumably . through the use of chloro form; and that when she came to her senses she found herself in a boat with the person in question. The name of this abductor is given, but it is suspected that he is a mvthical nersenaL'e. . Her storv is that he fell overboard and was drowned, and that when the boat touched the shore Bhe [walked over the sands for several miles until she was picked up. The police are instituting enquiries, and so far there are grounds for the supposition that Ihe story is untrue, and that the girl is theTictimof some delusion. The only points in her account which have been verified are that she was found in an exhausted condition, and that she had gone' from town to the seaside. More ight is being daily thrown upon the matter, and the facts will no doubt be shortly ascertained. ' A report by an English jeweller, which has recently been published, on the value of two diamonds found at Echunga— a locality not far from Adelaide, long worked as a goldfield — has excited a good deal of attention, and has induced miny diggers to commence a. search for these precious stones. A Company has been formed under tlie management of an experienced mining captain, and the Government have dispatched to Echunga a gentleman who has had experience of diamond-digging * to inspect the ' place and to report on . Us , mineral re sources. Should any valuable discovery be made, it will come as a welcome set-off to the present extreme depression in the copper-mining industry. From nearly all parts of the country most favourable reports . are being received of the state of the crops. A short time back it was seriously apprehended that the very heavy and constant rains which have fallen and the cold weather that hus been experienced would inflict injury upon the yonng plants and check their growth ; but fortunately such lias no proved to be the case, except perhaps in one or two districts. Not only at night, but in the daytime, the weather has been remarkably colO, and in many parts of tlie hills heavy falls of snow have occurred — a novel sight to many of those who witnessed it. Lar^e snowballs were brought down to Adelaide, and crowds of people collected round the shop windows in which they were exhibited to inspect them. The cold, although it haw not injured ?he wheat crops, ha3 consider ably retarded the progress of vegetation. The weather has, however, been more genial latterly, and the grass is now growing luxuriantly. It is too early as yet to form an opinion as to the wool clip, but there is good reason to believe that it wffl be a large one. Official statistics have recently bean pub lished which afford striking evidence o£ the rapid rate at which the settlement of the country is progressing. During th» past ten years the area of land alienated from the Crown in South Australia proper has been more than doubled, having in creased from 3,952,188 acres in 18t;9 to 8,068,082 acres in 1878. If the whole of the colony is taken into account— the Northern Territory included — thero aro still no less than 570,023,518 acres of unalienatcd lands for disposal. The rapidity with which land has been taken up in new districts thrown open for selection is also very noteworthy, aud evidences the confidence of agriculturists in the future of the colony. Similarly the increase in the extent of land brought under cultivation is very gratifying. There were at the end of 1878-0 about 2,011,000 acres under cultivation, whereas at the close of 1809-70 there were but 850,570 acres. More attention also is being paid to the growth of other crops than wheat, although as regards both barley and oats there has been a falling-off. A gratifying fact is the increased attention now being given to the growth of artificial grasses and of root crops. The number of live stock has been enormously augmented during the past few years. At the close of 1878-0 there were 121,553 horses in the province, 251,802 cattle, G,377,812 sheep, ami 103,422 pigs. In consequence there has been a great demand for land for depas turing purposes. Should the present anticipations of an abundant harvest be realized the progress of agriculture during next year will be still more rapid. AEHlViX OF THB EHOLISH MAU. AT THH Sound.— The R.M.S. Amtam arrived at King George's Sound at 4 CO p.m. on Friday, August 8, Western Aaitraliu time. The list of patsengers, and also a summary of new*, will be found in another column. Mail Fassbsoers.— The following are the passengers booked per tbe R.M.8. 8iararwhioh u to leave Gleuelg thia afternoon :— For Brio* disi : Mr. A. Donaldson. For Southampton : Mr. J. H. Beade. For Venice : Mr. K, J . Lang. ' For King George'* Sonnd : Mr. G. Mole. ; / Fall is OorPEE Orb.— A private telegram received in Adelaide on Friday morning.. August 8, reports that copper ore has fallen to 10s. 2d. per unit. ' Hio&EHCOiruB; District Cotraca. — Messrs.. Ward and Haks, M P., introduced ? deputation to the Commissioner of Crown Lands from the District ^Council of Highercombe on Friday, to ask for consideration in respect to the subsidy (or works carried oat, which tbe Government had refused to pay to the former Council. A conversation teak place, in which the Chairman sf the Council denied the charge that had beeu made — that there had been a private arrange ment between persons who had subscribed for works and those who carried them oat for the return of a portion of the money, so that the district might have a larger erant-in-aid than it was properly entitled to, and he asked that an enquiry should be held. Mr. Plsyford said he was quite Willing that an enquiry should take place, but he was not sure that the Council would benefit by it. He pointed out that the Government were disposed to give them tbe grant-in-aid in future, and to recoup them to some extent for works not paid for this year. The deputation took time to consider whether or not they would demand an enquiry. : - ' The Distress ik Adblaidb.— We are in formed by His 'Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. O. Buik) and by Mr. Berry, tha City Missionary,. that the articles written by.' Vjd,' and recently published in the Begitttr, upon, the question rf the distress prevalent in Adelaide,, bare borne practical fruit. Tbe Mayor baa received altogether about £170, and hts now in hand a balance of £130, which will bo devoted in the most careful manner possible to the amelioration of the condition of the worthy pear. Mr. Berry lias received direct contribu tions amounting to nearly £40, and has & balance in band, from - this and from- what he ha» obtained from His Worship, of about £15. Both the Mayor and Mr. Berry have received several letters referring to the articles as having been the means of awakening the sympathies of the writers, and iu some instances it was indicated that the donations were sent for particular cases alluded to. The Mayor and Mr. Berry are: both desirous of thanking those who bave contributed to the llelief Fund, and express a belief that they trill be able to tide over the worst of the dintress and carry relief' to many miserable homes. The great object sought after is to enable, by timely assistance, worthy people who are in need to become self-suppoiting. While on this subject it may be mentioned that Mr. Berry has received one or two subscriptions accompanied by such vague instructions that he did not clearly understand whether the givers desired the money to be appropriated to the Relief Fund or to the City Mission Fund. Iu all cases where donstiouit are not scut through the Mayor of Adelaide, it would be as well to state pre cisely to what fund the donor desires the money to be devoted. The readiness with which the -udiic nave responded to me appeal maue to heir liberality affords fresh and gratifying iroof ef the continued prevalence among South Lustraltans of that spirit of genuine benevolence rhich has so often stood the test in past time*. Woouex School Bcildings.— We had the ipportunity on Friday, August 8, of inspecting he first of several wooden buildings which . iave been ordered by the Minister of Education or use as State schools in the more sparsely iettled district* of the colony, where the poim ation may possibly not be permanent. The itructure is to bo seen ut the yard of the cou iactoni, Messrs. Wadrtington & Wright, ot lugas-etreet, and at the time of our visit thnre were slso present the Miuiaterof Education (the ETou. T. Eiug), the Inspector-General of Schools Mr. Hartley, B.A., BSc), and Mr. Woods (the JLrchitect-in-Chii'f), from whoso designs tbe -milding lias 1-een coiistrucft'!. Uud-T the lute Council of Education ouk or two wooden school buildings wt-re fried, but they did not prove so economical as w.is antici pated. It has, however, now hocu decided to give them a trial in the more distant parts of the colony, where the cost of labour and mi teriakis high. At rrcseut half a dozen of these schools have been ordered, anil if the experi ment ptove a success some more will be obtained. The smallest stone building* erected by the Education Department are for fifty scholars an«l a tocher's residence, ami they cost from £7(XJ to £900 each, acconliug to the locality. Tha wooden school buildings now being made are somewhat smaller, sum are to accommodate about thirty children, Hud to include under tl«* ssme roof two rootus to 1-b uncd as a teacher's resident e. Tins first co.it of each woodfn school is only £170, bnt with the ermine of carriage and erection at about ICO miles from th« city tbe total outlay on each i» liktly to 1-.- from £230 to £240. The saving thus ffT.cud will !».? a very con siderable one, and it over found ntv-estary the building* can readily he n moved from rme town ship to another. It i* up. ct-»d that the wooden buildings will last at lrant thirty yearn, that is, of course, assuming that proper nttentioa is paid to them. The frunnwork is of Oregnn i\e»!, the stumps and tbe joists Wing of jtrrah timber. Outside there is a »ui.Ht.iutial weatuerlioardiog, anil inside the liuiiig is of matchboard*. The schoolroom is 2(J feit ljy 15 fi;-:t, au-l very lofty, tfce height from fiuor to ceiling being 13 ft. 6 in. Dfsks and other fur niture are to he provided for the con tract price mentioned above. Veutilation and lighting are a* well arranged for an iu stone buildings. The rwf ii of galvanized iron, and in the porch are hut-pegs and otter neces sary adjuncts to a school. The building is to 1* well painted outside, aud tbe general effect when completed will h-- {;oc*L Tbe cont/actors undertake to erw-t tbe c.-honls for filed sums, classified according to the distance their work rnfeu have to travel. Tl.us, the total cost, In cluding erection (hut excluding carriage, which is l-aid for by the Government), would be £222 for a wooden school to accommodate thirty ehildreu at a place not more than fifty miles j from Adelaide; 110 miles from tbe city tbe ; j.rice would be £2_\;, nud 150 miles away the cost would be Xi'30. Adelaide Hrm Ci.ru. — The hounds will mee.t at the Glyude tl.ii afitriiooa. ffT'.'UF.-THRf'WW--.— 'N'l ile one of. tlie Ad'.'Uid'- j ar.d Suburban tramrnrs was on i'-a way into the j city from Kensington oc FH'lay e.veniug a stone was thrown at ci.e of ti.o windows. It utmek s pane' close to which a ^ntk-inau was sittiag new its lower edge ai.d 'sterrotl' it.. The car was near the Kent Town IIo^l at the titMOf \ the occurrence, bnt though it was stopped the cause of the noi«e which the stone mado «-- 1 not at the moment dl-eoverod, and ron«2!l'ltJJ ?f effort was made to Bud the person wh» threw it. CtioiOGicAx Treasures.— Dr. Schomhurgk, Cantor of the Botanic Gardens, has just re ceived two curicroa specimens from Europe -which 'will be interesting to geologists and p&t;«pbytoIogistB. One specimen is a portion cf the petrified trunk of Arancarites Schrol lianus, which is a genus of the order Coniferte, and is closely allied to the beautiful genus Araucaria, the well- known Norfolk _ Island fine. The particular genus %o which the fossil trunk belongs his long since di- appeared from Europe, and living specimens of it are only now found in the Brazils and Australia. However, a petrified forest, of great extent of these trees has lately been dis covered on an estate of Prinee Schomburk, at lippe, Nachod, Bohemia. The specimen was found at a depth of over 100 feet, and it is the opinion of scientific men thit the tree must have existed in one of the very early geo logical periods, even as 'far back as the middle and lower pakeozoic erachs, as they argue that it existed in an age when Europe {ossessed a uniform temperature. No par ticulars have, however, been furnbhed as to what formation the fossil was taken from, but it is more than probable, from the order t3 which she specimen belongs, that it most h ive bf en taken from the Trussic series. This would fix the period of the existence of the tree with that of the Mezozoic epoch, and in which l*riod there is a- preponderance of Gjmno l ertcous Dicotyledon, amongst which coniferre are abundant. The specimen in about five feet in h«ght, and measures 5 ft. 8 in, in cir cumference- Dr. Schomburgk is of opinion that it is only a slice of the whole track of the tree, the stem of which he esti mates was four or five feet in diameter. The t'os»il weighs two and a half tons, and ten men were unable to move it. Although of no intrinsic value, Or. Schomburgk estimates its worth as a rarity at about £200, while it has only cost the Government £3 for freight from London. The fossil is of a mnddy yellowish colour, -semi-transparent, having a lamiuated crystalline appearance, the grain of the tree being very distinctly shown. In one portion of the trunk the places where a bough formerly eiisisted can be seen, there being a cavity showing where the bough joined the trunk. A very remarkable feature is a pro tnberance on the trunk, which gives one side a curved appearance, and which Professor Goeppert, of Breslau, the eminent authority on fossil flora, thinks has been caused by a powerful vertical pressure. The indications of the line of force are clearly visible, there being a well-defined white mark round a portion of the upper part of tie fcsail. The second geological specimens rtceived consist of tome pieces of a peculiar kind of dark-grey limestone, waterworn, and hollowed oat in a very curious manner. This description ofstone is found covering the surface uf the Karst Mountains, which are almost en tirely composed of pure limestone. The speci men received was taken from ranges near Triest, in Illyria. The stones are mostly per forated and hollowed out by the influence of powerful storms called Bora— i.e., north wind storms — intermixed with snow and rain, which constantly rage over that part of the country. Almost the whole of this mountain range is desolate and barren in the extreme, it being impossible for vegetation to thrive in this limestone. These valuable speci mens have been contributed by Mr. Frederick Antoine, the Director of the Imperial Gardens, Vienna, who is a friend of Dr. Schomburgk, and a constant contributor to our Botanic Gardens and Museums. EdCCATIOK ASD r.VHERSITT BCH.DM08. — Mr. Henty Marshall, of Penrice, Angaston, re quests us to publish the following extracts from Professor Huxley's address at Baltimore on University education: — 'You may read any quantity of books, and be almost as ignorant as you were at starting, if you don't have at the back of your minds the change for words in definite images, which can only be acquire! through the operation of your observing facul ties on the phenomena of nature. Language is merely symbolical of the things of which i ? treats, and the more complicated the things th - more bare is the symbol, and the more neces sary is the information to be derived from the handling and seeing and touching of the things Bjmboliied.' Our correspondent remarks further that Professor Huxley's advice on the subject of a new university may prove valuable in other places besides Baltimore. Speaking of buildings he says: — 'Get an honest bricklayer, make him build you just such rooms as yo i really want, leaving ample room for extension. Then, when you have endowed all the profeMors jou need, and built all the laboratories that are wanted Jand have the best museum and the finest library that can be imagined, then if yoi have a few hundred thousand dollars you don'c know what to do with, send for an architect, and tell him to put up a facade. Any other course -will probably lead you into having some stately structure good for your architect's fame, but not iu the least what you want.' CUBIOUS COKDCCT OF A Smr'3 CaPTAUI.— The Orownthorpe, from this port, was in Table Bay on July f-, and from her report there comes a somewhat strange tale of the sea. It is as ibllows: — A vessel named the Halton Castle came here from Duke of Yorke Island, in the Pacific, seeking cargo, and she loatledjup at Port Pine for the United Kingdom. Somewhere off Algoa Bay she fell in with the Charlotte Gladstone, a ship which some rears since brought immigrants here in charge of Captain 1'addle. The Charlotte Gladstone's rudder was damaged, and she had suffered otherwise in severe gales, no that her crew drsired to abandon her. The Haltou Oaet'e refused to hang by the ship in her disable I jiosition, so the hands were transhipped to be*. During the night, however, the master of tin Halton Castle left bis own vessel and went oa board the Charlotte Gladstone, taking charge of her. The Halton Castle subsequently arrived at Algoa Bay in charge of the mate, but the Charlotte Gladstone bad not turned up at the date of despatches leaving. Hcnt CtXB. — The members of the Sunt Club lit. Id a meeting to make arrangements for the Hunt Club Races, at the Glube Hotel, on August 8\. Mr. W. K. Simres, M.P., was voted to the ?-hair, there being about twelve persons present. It was decided thai the meetiDg should be held ou September 27, the programme being the s»me as that of last year with the exception of the Volunteers' Handicap, which was struck out and the Tallyho Handicap, a race open to all comers, substituted. The question was mooted at to whether the stakes should be fixed or sweepstakes, but it was resolved that the old »;item of sweepstakes should be adhered to. The Hunt Cup Stakes were raised from £50 to £40. Several alterations and addenda were made to the conditions, and the race* were fixed to be run in the following order: — Maidens— Hunt Cop, Selling Steeplechase, Tillyho Handicap, Hurdle Kace, and Hunters' Stakes. It was *ls3 resolved that the meeting should be run solely under the auspice* of the Hunt Club, and that tl;e committee should endeavour to obtain the Mcfpbettville Course fur the Jockey Club. The following. gentlemen were appointed a Racing Committee : -Messrs H. E. Downer, S.M., E. G. Blackmore, Malcora, and Hart. Tim Latb Father Kkhoh.— On Thursday an office and requiem mass for the Rev. Patriii Kehoe, who died recently at Penola, were hell in the Cathedral. The catafalque, draped ia black and having lighted candles at each side, supported a chalice and stole and other cleric il symbol?. There were eighteen priests, besidej a number of acolytes, present in the sanctuary, ami a large congregation thronged the chncch *nd testified their sorrow for the deceased I'riest. StnDEH Death ok a Child at Kookihoa.— Mr. J. D. Cave held an ioq,,.,- at the Com mercial Hotel, Kooringa, on Thursday, August T, on the body of a child named Elizabeth Bye, aged about seventeen mouths, who had died ?'ddenly the tame morning. Tbe evidence of the mother and two or three neighbours was taken, proyineihat the child wasa strong healthy one, and without any ill-health up toa short time before its death. The mother suckled it in the ttorning about 9 o'clock, bat soon after it vomited two or three times, and died in the ants of a neighbour shortly afterwards, before any medical help was thonght necessary. Dr. Sangstex was sent for immediately that the child was thonght to be seriowly ill, but he did not arrive until after deatk occurred. Dr. Sangnter gave evidence that the child was to all appearance well nourished, that there waa nothing externally to indicate the cause of death ; the most probable cause was syncope, or in other words m faintiog which in some cases terminated fatally. There being no suspicious circumstances attending the case, it ni decided that a pott-marten examination wm nnueeeasary and a verdict was returned of -death from natural causes.** iMPBOvMMrrs to thb Gawlbb IxsrmrTH. — Tbe committee of this institution have re cently expended a large sum of money in. improvements to the hall, and they have bow decided to expend £75 in fitting up a stage mod erecting appropriate scenery, the work iu coo nettura with which has been entrusted to Mr. G. Dal too, of Adelaides When finished the haU will, it is said, be -;nite equal to any out of Adelaide. Tbamwat Coxfajties. — At 11 o'clock this morning a deputation of the Directors of tbe Tramway Companies will wait upon tbe Com missioner of Public Works with the object of cbtainicg certain concession-'. Adelaide Puhch.— W« notice that one jocular contemporary intends offering to his patrons a chance in an Art Union, the prize* to be drawn far being proof engraving* of Mbm Thompson's two pictures 'The KoU-Cair ?nd-QBatreBnu..1' EXHHOTS FOB THB StDKHT ExHIBITIOH.— Messrs. G. & R. Wills & Co. intend sendingby the Ridge Park, which leaves on Monday next, two ases of boots and shoes for the Sydney Exhibi tion. They are packed ia two large cedar cases measuring Q ft. 3 in. locg and 3 ft. 3 in. wide. Ihe leather, with the exception of the patent tancy, came from the tannery at Hindmarsh, iud was all worked at the factory in Pult«ney ?treet. Iu one case there are fan;y Balmorals, elastic-sides, riding boots, Wellingtons, Napo leons, ami other kinds. The other case contains Brussels, Iadiss' and gents' shoes, Derby boots, elastic-sides, Oxford shoes, Levant and patent kid, women's elastic- sides, lasting, kid, calf, patent, and fancy shoes, high Balmorals, chil dren's shoes of all description, and a pair of well made jockey boots. The work has been beauti Eully iloue, and will retiect great credit, not only ou the firm, but also on the colony. Messrs. J. A. Holden & Co. are busily engaged in Citing a large case with harness and saddlery to be shown by them at the forthcoming Sydney Exhibition. The exhibits include a beautifully worked doeskin racing-saddle 2| 1b. in weight, two well-made and serviceable saddles of half brown and half-yellow hog-skin, two stock Baddies made of yellow hog-skin, a very hand some gentleman's exercising ? saddle, with quilted doeskin kuee and thigh pads ; a pack saddle, and a lady's side-saddle, part doeskin, and quilted ell over. There are also two sets of silver-plated carriage harness, and a set of gold mounted buggy harness. The workmanship displayed in the manufacture of these articles is really first-class, and there can be little doubt that the merits displayed in the exhibits will meet with recognition at the Exhibition. The ease in which the goods are to be exhibited is Dblong in shape, about 7 feet 6 inches in length, u:d 3 feet 6 inches wide. It is ebonized, and ?rill have gold lettering and gold mouldings. Fhe whole will form a worthy exhibit at the Exhibition. The Cbimikal Sessions.— At Friday's sitting if the Criminal Court Murtayon, alias Bagloss lack, an aboriginal, was convicted on a charge A murdering an old blackfellow known as Mount Brown Charley, at Spear Creek, a year igo, and sentence of death was formally passed upon him. Alexander McCoy, who pleaded guilty to two charges of housebreaking and theft committed by him at Pott Adelaide, was sentenced to two years with hard labour. Peter Hansen was convicted of making a malicious assault at Norton's Summit, and was sentenced to a similar term of imprisonment. The charge against William Pollock of stealing from the person and that against Joseph Koden of steal ing from a dwelling broke down through the non-attendance of important witnesses, and the piiaonere were therefore acquitted and dis charged. Isabella Lockley was also acquitted by separate Juries on two informations charging her with receiving stolen goods. The Court will sit again on Tuesday next. Voixhtebr Nbws. — The 'A Company of the Adelaide Rides will proceed to Dry Creek to day for the purpose of receiving instruction in shelter-trench and pit exercises. The usual parade will be held at 1.30 this afternoon on the parade ground. With respect to the after rules published in General Order on February 21, the officers and non-commissioned officers who have already given in their names as being desirous of obtaining instruction in army signalling are requested to meet Major Godwin at the Staff Office at 8 p.m. on Monday next, in order that preliminary arrangements may be made for a course of instruction. The Com mandant will give a lecture at the Model School, Grote-street, on Wednesday next, at 8 p.m., on 'The characteristics of the three arms and tactics of infantry.' Coast Steamship Company, Limited. — The seventh half-yearly meeting of this Company was held at Port Adelaide on Friday afternoon, August S. The Directors' report stated that, considering the great depression thit had existed in every class of shipping business during the last six months, they think the Ceres has done fairly well. Her earnings bad exceeded her expenditure, whilst the reserve fund remained as at last balance. With a view of doing away with competition at Stansbury the Directors had entered into negotiations with the Southern Yorke'a Peninsula Steamship Company for the Ceres to trade to Stansbury only, giving up Edithburgh entirely to their steamer, the James Comrie, the latter steamer conveying this Company's mails to that port. So fir the arrangement had worked very satisfactorily. Since the last half-yearly meeting the Ceres had started running to Port Vincent, leaving every Tuesday morning and returning same evening. This trade promised to be an increasing one The profit and loss account opened with a balance of £1.342 19s. 2d.. to which was added freight £510 14s. lOd. ; passengers' fares, £SoO 12s. : and interest, £16 5a.. making .£2,730 Us. Tbe working expenses were £652 1 3d. b'd.; commissions, £27 6s. ; wages, £461 15s.; provisions, £169 6a. 8d.; dividends. £5(32 10s., and balance, £856 193. lOd. The liabilities showed capital account, £-1,590 ; sundries, £142 16s. 4d.: profit and loss account, £S56 19s. lOd.; and assets disclosed steamer, £4,548 9a ; sundry debtors, £205 18s. 7d. ; pro visions, £51 8s.; E-iuk of South Australia current account, £194 7s., and fixed denosit, £400 ; total, £5,499 16s. 2d. After transacting ' the ordinary business, the proceedings ended. Thb UinvEBsm of Adelaide. — The ad dreises delivered by His Excellency the Governor, the Chancellor of the University, and the Minister of Education, on the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of the Uni versity of Adelaide, have been published in the form of a pamphlet, in which there also appears an account of tbe proceedings, taken from the Rtyuter. We have to acknowledge the receipt of one of the pamphlets, which will keep in a handy form the memorials of an interesting event. ACCIDKST IK THH PORT RfVER.— A small boat containing three well-known Portonians was capsized in the Port River on Friday after noon, August 8, but beyond an involuntary and unexpected ducking the occupants escaped unhurt, the water at the spot being shallow. Footkjix. — The matches for to-day are' Norwood v. Adelaide on the Norwood ground, and Victorian v. Port on the Victorian ground. ' White's Boons. — There was another large attendance at White's Rooms on Friday evening to witness the ghost entertainment, which- was under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. As on previous evenings, the programme was successfully carried out and was well received. It was announced that there ?would be aD afternoon performance to-day as well as the usual one in the evening. : Asttiqck Gors. — Those interested in the weapons of the past would do well to visit the Company's Wharf before tbe removal of tbe antique pieces of ordnance recently imported at a cost of £5 per ton by the Garonne. Some of the volunteers had an idea that they were to be provided with modern cannon, instead of. which those tent bear the date of 1S02. -Port Adblaidb Catholic Phb3bttert.— To-morrow, at 3 p.m., the Vicar-General will lay the foundation of tbe new Roman Catholic Pre*by tery at Port Adelaide. Tbe site, sufficient for church, presbytery, and schools, is on the Port-road, and has been recently bought for £1,000. The tender for presbytery now in progress is £1,100. Mr. K. Poulton is the architect of the structure, which will be in the Gothic style, and Mr. Kelly the builder. , Sale of thb Rachhobsb A bd Allah.— Mr. S. Barnard sold by auction on Friday, August 8, the steeplechaser Abdallah, to Mr. Altmano, for 150 guineas. Acci.ihatw.atio* Socibtt.-- We have re ceived, in the form of a pamphlet, the paper read before the Acclimatization Society in May last by Mr. George Hamilton, Commissioner of Police. Received.— From Mr. P. Campbell, Bush Missionary, 'Expose of so-called Spiritualism;' and ' Sunshine and Bhade,' being the notes of eight and a half years' * voluntary and un denominational bush missionary life.' Bixklbx's CoMOtRT CoMPAHT.— A variety entertainment will be given this evening in tbe Gouger-sueet Academy, by Buckley's Comic Concert Company. 