THE NEW STORY OF XEDA AND THE "SWAN." .I, Thomas Swan, of St. Eilda, jeweller, hereby aclmowledge and confess riting and receiving several letters to Mrs. Alfred Ardley, also of St. ilda, and signed by me Downey, and addressed to Minnie. I acknowedge myself guilty, and aver the fault was Mrs. Ardley running after inc nd enticing me, and continually writing to me. In fact. I could not get lid of her.—Witness, A. McDowell. (Signed) Tnos. SWAN."—Confession n the case of Ardley v. Ardley. You doubtless remember in heathen mythology . A scandal once current concerning old Jove, The king of the gods, who despite all apology, Could scarcely be termed a " too-virtuous cove." The gods of the time, as their nectar they sipped, Told the tale of how Jove, in the form of a swau, Played at " Follow his Leda" and stumbled and tripped, In a manner most strongly commented upon. Poor Juno was pitied, and talked of divorce, The men envied Jove, and cried, " What is the odds?" And Tyndar, the husband, was laughed at, of course, For boys will be boys, and gods would be gods. The rest of the story 'tis needless to trace, For morality naught by the narrative gains, Though Leda at death in the sky found a place, And now o'er the naughty as Nemesis reigns. That's the story of Leda, if what we are told Is true in the classics we doted upon, 'Twas the swan tempted Leda in those days of old, But now it is Leda entices the " Swan." She follows and tempts—see ihe poor Swan's confession— With wiles so seductive, from pillar to post, Till the Swan can't resist such a sweet duck's aggression, And swanlikely singing, he gives up the ghost. What though the old bird be as deaf as an adder, Though the eyes, not the ears, do love's bullets flit; - Aud though for a target he takes a grand-dad der, When he aims with a " minnie " he's likely to bit. But the best of all marksmen may o'er the mark go, And Cupid in tbis case his skill seemed to lose ; For missing the pigeon and potting the crow, He aimed at a Swan and brought down an old goose. Old Swans and young ducks when they're billing together, Are not what the slang world would christen " the cheese j" But flocking together makes birds of a feather, Aud the swan and the duck were a couple of geese. For they wrote to each other the love-sickest letters, With verses from Byron and others cribbed out, And left (so absorbing became true love's fetters 1) The bill- and-coo billet-dovx lying about. The letters of " Downey " soon played ducks and drakes With the peace of the masculine duck; For that husband, a barber, in quick brace of shakes,. Beheld, and in comb-a* was struck. " Maid of Athens," he cried in despair, " hair I part, But I will not endure sich behav'er; Though down Swannee river has floated your heart, It air-cutting to your loving shaver." When at last at tbe P lice Court the rumpus came on, The letters revealed the gay caper; And people declared had ho been a wise Swan He should never have put quill to paper. Thus are ducks Ardley-treated who will not act straight, From above there's a Nemesis ever looks on ; So duckies take warning by this Leda's fate, If you must have a swain, let it hot be a Swan 1 * A state of coma? 