A.J3IUBNT WITNESS. Bt Edmund Yateb, CHAPTEE TL A BESrBBATE DEED. ? 'Walter Danby stood looking on at the scene ibefore him, mentally and bodily paralysed, with out tho potrer to think or move for some minutes. *When his senses returned hisiirit impulse was to fly. : What ho had seen was enough to convince 5iim.of the lawlessness of the men with whom he Shad been associated, and of the certainty of their Jiaving committed robbery and murder. So 1 A say 'of nope flashed across him which for Anne's Bake he was only too glad to welcome — they were the receivers of the stolen property, thoy might even hare planned the robbery, but they could aiot be the doers ol the deed of blood. Hca.tu was away at tho time, and Studley — what was that the T-olice-scrgcant had said, that the robbery must have been arranged by some person conversant ?with the premises and the dead man's ways? Heath! Who had given him the diamonds to -!atalojrue and store away, and consequently tnew ,o£ their exact whereabouts, and their .immense value? Heath! Danby's heart sank within him as he thought of ithese things. His brain reeled, and he felt Bick innd faint. He must have air, or lie should swoon. He -must go out, through the window by which he Iliad' entered, give up all thought of seeing Anne |thal evening, and make his way back to ?London as best he could. Softly he turned, mado out indistinctly the form of the window through ?which tho last faint traces of daylight were visible, 'and moved towards it. Another moment and ho .stumbled over one of tho open portmanteaus, and 'fell»upon toe floor ; tho next, the door between tho roama was dashed open, nnd Danby, Btill prostrate, :felt a heavy weight upon his body, and a strong lEuffoeatuig grip upon his throat. ''This is your cat !' cried the man who had ?seized him. Heath's voice; he knew it at once. ? W,liat a fool I was to believe you before ! Bring :the lamp and let's see whom we've got here; no, 'stay, .the wind will blow it out. Help me to carry 3iiin into the back room, lift his legs, bo !' ' They dragged him into the dining-room nnd ?Heath knelt down bosidi? him, and put his hand ?under his chin to force the head back. There was ino need for this, howevor ; Walter Danby threw up his head, as well as he could iu his cramped posi tion, aud the expression in bis bright eyes was bold and fearless. 'Danby!' said Heath, under his breath, then turning to Studley, ' How did he get here ? We iheard no bell.' '-He must have come throuch the back gate,' said the captain, whose face was deadly p ale, and rwhose thin lips trembled. ? Through the back igate— hs knows it — I've taken him that way niy iBelf.' . All this time Heath's hand had been twined in iDandby's neckerchief. Ho removed it now, bid ding the young wan get up and scat himself on an old-fashioned, high-backed oak chair which stood '?close to the wall. Danby obeyed. He had lost his ??breath in the fall and the struggle, and his heart atos beatingioudlyj ? but ha confronted the two men with calmness,- almost ease. {?Now, sit still, or it will bo tho wors9 for you !' *ajd Heath, seating himself on tha corner of the table, and swinging his leg to and fro. ' How long liavo you been in that room ?' ' Probably 10 minutes!' replied Danby in a ?stciidy voice, and with his eyes firmly fixed on his interrogator. Heath descended from the table, passed into the ?cuter room, closed the door, and, pulling aside the curtain, peered through the glass for the purpose of ascertaining what portions of the room were in view ; then he opened the door, and, before closing it again, bado Studley, ' Speak, say something, anything, and in your usual tone.' Finally, he reappeared, bringing with him some strips of thick cord, which Danby recollected hav ing noticed lying by one of the boxes. ? He must have seen and heard everything as plainly as if he had been standing by us !' he said, in an undertone, to Studley. ' See here !' he added, turning to Danby, ' you know pretty well the situation of this house. There's nothing near at for a mile. / ou might shout for a month, and too one would hear you. . If you value your life you will hold your tong-ne; and, in order to prevent your making any attpmptvto escape, I'm going' to tie you to this chair.' As he spoke he took the longest piece of rope, and, passing it quickly round Danby's hody, sup ped behind tho chair, and lashed him firmly to it. J)anby made no attempt at resistance ; he sat there, pale and anxious- looking, but neither so white-faced nor so nervous as Captain Studley, who stood in a Jialf -dazed state looking on at Heath's proceedings, his wandering hand now plucking at his chin, now beating the tattoo ou the table before him, and from time to time opening hie mouth as though gasping for breath. 'There!' said Heath, moving round to his old $osition on the corner of the table ; ' and now to settle this matter. Walter Danby, you were, on your own avowal, in that room for ten minutes, during which time I have satisfied myself that you must have seen and heard all chat transpired here. , Is that bo P' .'I saw and heard everything,' said Danby, quietly. His voice was low and flat, quite different from its usual joyous ringing tono, but there was no tremor in it. ? What did you hear?' asked Studley, suddenly turning upon him. ? ' We were only talting busi ?nes*.' ? Business !' said Danby. * Is it- your business, , .besides cheating at cards, fodealwith stolen goods and doad men's property ? I recognise those jewels as seme which I helped your worthy friend there in cataloguing and stowing away. I know them to be part of the proceeds of Mr. ijaddleham's murder.' ?As these words left Danby'slips, Heath jumped £ rom his seat, and rapidly passing- his hand to his ireafit, made a stride towards him. But the captain, leaning across the table, caught his friend ty the arm, and whispered hurriedly in his ear,* ? Stop, for God's Bake, tliink what you're doing !' ? Ic is because I think what I am doing, that I pee the -need for stopping this lad's tongue,' said Heath, between his clenched teeth, his eyes like deep-set coals glowing in his head, and his hand etjll plucking in his breast. / Stay!' said the cajitain, still in a whisper, and pulling at Heath's coat. ' Come aside »for an in scant — come over' here — let us talk this out, ?and do nothing rashly. M y risk is as great as yours. ' Is it ?' said Heath, who suffered himself to be led to the other side of the room. ' I was not aware of that. But anyhow it's great enough. Too great tolie playedrwith, I say.' ??Doa't make it greater,' ^aid Studley, with in tense OBinestoaB. 'For the last month I have lived in a hell upon earth, owing to your rashness ! JJijifhtand dp.y I huve but one thought in my head, one pcena beioro my eyeB ! Don't create another ghost to haunt me, or I shall go mad !' * When you have finished raving, perhaps you ?will seiy what would you propose to do with this man ?' »aid Heath. ' You've heard his avowal of what he knows.' / Do anything with him — anything but one !' «aid Studley, holding up. his trembling hand to Ins words. 'Hake him take a solemn oath never to reveal what he lias become acquainted with to day, and let him go ! Andrea; here : wo will let Sim keep the money which I won of him, and which I daresay he has brought. I will give it up. liethim keep that ; it will bind him to us more, jjerhaps-^-oniy lot him co !' 'For a moment Heath stared at his partner «vithout speaking. Then he said, ' You seem to bore lost your head ovor thii affair ! You talk of ghosts and scenes ! you, who for thirty years have passed your life ? ?No!' cried Studley, interrupting-, 'in every thing but that 1 not in that !' '? Doesn't yoar common sensa — if any of it re mniru— tell you, that this fellow would not take any oath ; that he could not be bribed by your ?wretched hundred and flftrpounds ? He it brave, lipnest, sad honourable. His whole aonl is filled 'wj.th loathing for us aud our deeds. To denounce us would aeem to *''m his inexorable doty, and he roonia «urely do it. Ho has seen the diamonds, which hare given him a elut to the robbery ; and I need not Impress upon you that a, clue to the ribbcry is a. cine to mora !' ?I know it. What you eav is quite right; hut e&L-epax;* hia ilifo !' * _ . 'His life is in his own hands/ said Heath. ' If 2»«Ul swear secrecy, I know him well 1nnough 4ft-^ be certain &\at la \ -will kaep his oath. But if he will not sweai^— ' ' , .... 'He will! he xA U !' cried Sfcaaiey, laying his hand on Heathisvlw. east, and looking appealingly into his face. ' ? , ?We shall see,' i vA* Heath, stepping away from him ' But, if he w Uli «*?» I shall insure .my safety. See here, Danby,1 hi' added, suddenly taming round, 'you have :»cliTiowleaged that you have been a spy upon us1 ? *' ' 'That is false/ sa.Vi,'-Danby' m the same cahn voice. ' I came ttere bj*. appointment, and walked by accident into tfoit to om, from which— —' ' We won't bandy «w.nn is,' said Heath. ' Yon saw what vo were doing,joum wsogniseauiose mamonus. You could denouncers to the police. You have us in your power !' , A scornful smile pas Bet1- across Danby's face. Heath saw it, and spate qrx ickly. ' Morally you have xis in your power,' to it .physically you are in ours, from which nothing haman can deliver you. Recollect that! Eealise tl ie *iituatAon. Here in a lone house, far beyond the reach of help, shut up with two men whom y-.w have brought to *?You need not proceed-' siti'd Danbyi * I know niv fate !' A change in hlivvoia 3 this time,, low and creeping. DropB of cold -jswea t, too, oaybis fore head, and a twitching of th&nosi; Ws and ffce^pper P'' You're to have a chance, «ad y°u'U &*& lt- won't you?' said Studley. ' You* Usweara solemn oath before God that you'll ncyar say anything about what you've seen or heara'v and then vrdU let you go ! You'll swear it, won ** you P _ ? No !Fcried Danby, ? I '11 make A o bargain with tMeres and murderers. Help ! hel'i ' '?' | With » sudden jerk he snapped tla i rope which ; bound him to the chair and staggeirea - to his feet, j making for the middle door. But Hi -Ath, hastily pushing Studley aaido, leapt npon Dfl.ni by and bore him to the ground; The slight lad ha, dllttle chance aaainstthe superior weight and sta'-eniTth of Jus antagonist, but ho knew he was figh tiller tor ms life, and clung so tenaciously to Heath O wrists, that it was perhaps a minute before tlio latter could free his right hand, to search, for the- dagger wliich he carried in his left breast pocket. ^^n when ha had found it, the boy's activity -was such that Heath could not make certain rf Mb Mow. He struck out, but Danby interposed Vsarm, against which the weapon glanced asido ; 'H* e ! next instant the blade was buried in the boy's hv «»'*?. At that moment there rose npon the air ai » ri(jk of horror, loud and piercing, subsiding graaufc'Uy into a long low wail. Heath, who had risen t o h'18 knee, remained transfixed, his mouth ri^id, hi' eyes starting froin his head ; but Studley^ w4 o, at the instant the blow was struck, had flung hfa i self upon the table, burying his face between h»' amis, now raised himself slowly, and listened. It was from the. window behind him that the sound 1 had come, the closed window looking on to the garden. Walking' as a man la ?- orsam, Studley moved towards tic window, tiirew up the sash and looked out. There was something on the ground below, a dark mass — ths body of a woman — of Anne — prostrate, eensaleso. 