The Storyteller. Vixen. CHAPTER XXVIII. FADING IN MUSIC. BY MISS BRADDON, AUTHORESS OF "AURCES FLOYED," &c; ., &c.; "MRS. WINSTANLEY, on her marriage, by the Duchess of Dovedale." That, was the sentence which went on repeating itself like a cabalistic formula in Pamela Wfailtiiliii s mind, «a her carriage drove through JlbrJarkj&afcwtKxla; to AihbfcuiM on the lafct XwdLldM had taken possession of her small JaSl/ The Duchess wu the fittest penon to 'win*''far to her gracious mistreat, or her MMi mistress' ifepresentature, at the first >^M*ing-rooia ol the, opming hiwo. Mrs. Win- S&ley; had old friends friends who had known 'Win her girlhood, whp would have been happy 'UWndertake the office. 1 Captain Winstanley had fm sjnoeat female relative, living in a foeail state jjl.jpampton Court, and vaguely spoken of aa "a JasmectioD," who would willingly have emerged *Wm her aristocratic hernutegetopreaent her luqs man's bride to her'sovereign, and whom the Captain deemed the proper sponsor for his wife on that solemn oooftuon. But what social value fad a fossilised Lady Susan Winstanley, of whom an outside world knew nothing, when weighed in the balance with the Duchess of Dovedale? No; Mrs. Winstanley felt that to be presented by the Duchess was the one thing needful to her happi ness. It was a dinner of thirty people; quite a state dinner. The finest and newest orchids had been brought out of their houses, and the dinner-table looked like a tropical forest in little. Vixen went in to dinner with Lord Ellangowan, which was an unappreciated hotter, as that nobleman had very little to say for himself, except under extreme pressure, and in his normal state could only smile and look good-natured. Roderick Yawdrey was ever so far away, between his betrothed and an enormous dowager in sky-blue velvet and dia. xnonds. After dinner there was music. Lady Mabel played a dreary minor melody, chiefly remarkable for its delicate modulation from sharps to flats and back again. A large gentleman' aang an Italian buffo Bong,*t which the company smiled tepidly ; a small young lady sighed and languished through " Non c ver;' and then Miss Tempest and Lord Mallow Bang a duet. This was the success of the evening. They were asked to sing again and again. They were allowed to monopolise the piano ; and before the evening was over everyone. J|ad decided that Lord Mallow and Mian Tempest were engaged. Oflly the voices of plighted lovers could be expected to harmonise as well as that. " They must have sung very often together," said the duchess to Mrs. Winstanley. " Only within the last fortnight. Lord Mallow never stayed with us before, you know. He is my husband's friend. They were brother-officers, and have known each other a long time. Lqrd Mallow insists upon Violet siuging every evening. He is passionately fond of music" ' "Very pleasant," murmured the Duchess approvingly ; and then she glided on to Bhed the sunshine of her presence upon another group of gnesta. Carriages began to be announced at 11—that is to say, about half»an-hour after the gentlemen had left the dining-room—but the Duke insisted that people should stop till 12. "We must see the old year out," he said. "It is a lovely night. We can go out on the terrace and hear the Ringwood bells." This is how Violet and Lord Mallow happened to Bing so many duets. There was plenty of time for music during the hour before midnight. After the singing, a rash young gentleman, pining to distinguish himself somehow—a young man with a pimply complexion, who had Baid with Don Carlos, " Three-and-twenty years of age, and nothing done for immortality"—recited Tenby- * The right of repubHehing "Vixen" in Queentslftnd has been purchased by the proprietors of the Quetntlandtr. son's Farewell to the Old Tear, in a voice which was like anything but a trumpet, and with gesticulation painfully suggestive of Saint Vituß. The long suite of rooms terminated in an orangery, a substantial stone building with tesselated pavement, and wide windows opening on the terrace. The night was wondrously mild. The full moon shed her tender light upon the dark Forest, the shining water-pools, the distant blackness of a group of ancient yew-trees on the crest of a bill. Ashbourne stood high, and tke view from the terrace was at all times mag nificent, but perhaps finest of all in the moon light The younger guests wandered softly in and out of the rooms, and looked at the golden oranges glimmering against their dark leaves, and put themselves into positions that suggested the possibility of flirtation. Toung ladies whose study of German literature had never gone beyond Ollendorff gazed pensively at the oranges, and mur mured the song of Mignon. Couples of maturer growth whispered the details of unsavory scandals behind perfumed fan*. Vixen and Rorie were among these roving couples. Violet had left the piano, and Roderick was off duty. Lady Mabel and Lord Mallow were deep in the wrongs of Ireland. Captain Winstanley was talking agriculture with the Duke, whose mind was sorely exercised about guano. "My dear sir, in a few years we shall have used up all the guano, and then what can be come of us V demanded the Duke. " Talk about our exhausting our coal! What is that compared with the exhaustion of guano ? We may learn to exist without fires. Our winters are becoming milder; our young men are going in for athletics; they can keep themselves warm upon bicycles. And then we have the gigantic coalfields of America, the vast basin of the Mississippi to fall back upon, with ever-increasing facilities in the mode of transport But civilisation must come to a deadlock when we have no more guano. Our grass, our turnips, our mangel, must deteriorate. We shall have no more prize cattle. It is too awful to contemplate." "But do you really consider such a calamity at all probable, Duke ?" asked the Captain. "Probable, sir 1 It is inevitable. In 1868 the Chincha Islands were estimated to contain about 8,000,000 tons of guano. The rate of exporta tion had at that time risen to 400,000 tons per annum. At this rate the three islands will be completely exhausted by the year 1888, and England will have to exist without guano. The glory of the English people, as breeders of prize oxen, will have departed." " Chemistry will have discovered new fertilisers by that time, suggested the Captain, in a com forting tone. " Sir," replied the Duke severely, " the dis coveries of modern science tend to the chimerical rather than the practical. Your modern scientist can liquefy oxygen, they can light a city with electricity, but they cannot give me anything to increase the aize and succulence of my turnips. Virgil knew as much about agriculture as does your modern chemist." While the Duke waa holding fofth about guano, Vixen and Rorie were on the terrace, in the still ness and moonlight. There was hardly a breath of wind. It might have been a summer evening. Vixen waa shrouded from head to foot in a white cloak which Rorie had fetched from the room where the ladies had left their wraps. She looked all white and solemn in the moonlight, like a sheeted ghost, Although Mr. Vawdrey had been civil enough to go in quest of Violet's cloak, and had seemed especially desirous of bringing her to the terrace, he was by no means delightful now he had got her there. They took a turn or two in silence, broken only by a brief remark about the beauty of the night, and the extent of the prospect " I think it is the finest view in the Forest," ■aid Vixen, dwelling on the subject for lack of anything else to say. "You must be very fond of Ashbourne." " I don't exactly recognise the necessity. The view is superb, no doubt; but the house is fright fully commonplace. It is a little better than Briarwood. That is about all which an enthusi astic admirer could advance in its favor. How mush longer does Lord Mallow mean to take up his abode with you i" Vixen shrugged her cloaked shoulders with an action that seemed to express contemptuous care* lessness. " I haven't the least idea. That is no business of mine, you know." " I don't know anything of the kind," retorted Rorie captiously. " I should have thought it waa very much your business." " Should you, really ?" said Vixen mockingly. If the gentleman's temper was execrable, the lady's mood was not too amiable. " Yes. Are not you the load-star ? It is your presence that makes the Abbey House pleasant to him. Who can wonder that he protracts his stay ?" " He has been with us a little more than a fort night." "He has been with you an age. Mortals who are taken up to Paradise seldom stay so long. Sweet dreams are not so long. A fortnight in me same house with you, meeting with you at "break fast, parting with you at midnight, seeing you at noontide and afternoon, walking with you, riding with you, singing with you, kneeling down to family prayer at your side, mixing his ' Amen' with youre ; why ho might as well be your husband at once. He has as much delight in your society." " You forgot the hours in which he is shooting pheasants and playing billiards." "Glimpses of purgatory, which make his heaven all the more divine," said Rorie. " Well, it is none of my business, as you said just now. There are people born to be happy, I suppose ; creatures that come into the world under a lucky star." " Undoubtedly, and among them notably Mr. Vawdrey, who has everything that the heart of a reasonable man can wish." "So had 'Solomon, and yet he had his moan." " Oh, there ia always a crumpled rose-leaf in everybody's bed. And if the rose-leaves were all smooth a man would crumple one on purpose, in order to have something to grumble about. Haik, Itorie !" cried Vixon, with a Buddea change of tone, as the first silvery chimu of Kingwoud bells came floating over the woodland distance —the low moonlit hills ; " don't be crow. The old year is dying. Remember the days that are gone, when you and I used to think a new year a thing to be glad about. And now what can the new yean bring us half so good as that which the old ones have taken away ?" She had slipped her little gloved hand through his arm, and drawn very near to him, moved by tender thoughts of the past. He looked down at her with eyes from which all anger had vanished. There was only love in them—deep love ; love such as a very affectionate brother might per chance give his only sister —but it must be owned that brothers capable of such love are rare. " No, child," he murmured sadly. " Years to come can bring us nothing so good or so dear as the past Every new year will drift us farther." They were standing at the end of the terrace farthest from the orangery windows, out of which the Duchess and her visitors came trooping to hear the Ringwood chimes. Rorie and Vixen kept quite apart from the rest. They stood silent, arm-in-arm, looking across the landscape towards the winding Avon and the quiet market town, hidden from them by intervening hills. Yonder, nestling among those grassy hills, lies Moyles Court, the good old English manor-house where noble Alice Lisle sheltered the fugitives from Sedgemoor; paying for that one act of womanly hospitality with her life. Farther away, on the banks of the Avon, is the quiet churchyard where that gentle martyr of Jeffreys' lust for blood takes her long rest. The creeping spleenwort thrives amidst the gray stones of her tomb. To Vixen those things were so familiar that it was as if she could Bee them with her bodily eyes, as she looked across the distance, with its mysterious shadows, its patches of silver light. The bells chimed with their tender cadence, half joyous, half sorrowfuL The shallower spirit* among the guests chattered about the beauty of the night, and the sweetness of the bells. Deeper souls were silent, full of saddest thoughts. Who is there that has not lost something in the years gone by which earth's longest future cannot re store ? Only eternity can give back the ravished treasures of the dead years. Violet's lips trembled and were dumb. Roder ick saw the tears rolling down her pale cheeks, and offered no words of consolation. He knew that she was thinking of her father. " Dear old squire," he murmured gently, after an interval of silence. "How good he was to me, and how fondly I loved him !" That speech was the sweetest comfort he could have offered. Vixen gave his arm a grateful hug. "Thank God there is someone who remembera him, besides his dogs and me 1" Bhe exclaimed ; and then she hastily dried her tears, and made herself ready to meet Lord Mallow and Lady Mabel Ashbourne, who were coming along the terrace towards them talking gaily. Lord Mallow had a much wider range of subjects than Mr. Vawdrey. He had read more, and could keep pace with Lady Mabel in her highest flights; science, literature, politics, were all as one to him. He had crammed his vigorous young mind with everything which it behoved a man panting for parliamentary distinction to know. ' M Where have you two people been hiding your hltm for the last half-hour V asked Lady MabeL " You were wanted badly just now for' Blow, Qentle Gales.' I know you can manage the bass, Rorie, if you like." " Lo, behold the penant waving 1" sang Rorie in deep full tones. " Yes, I can manage that much at a push. You seem music mad to-night, MabeL The old year is making a swan-like end —fading in music." Rorie and Vixen were still standing arm-in* arm; rather too much as if they belonged to each other, Lady Mabel thought The attitude was hardly in good taste, according to Lady Mabel's law of taste, which was a code as strict as Draco's. The bells rang on. " The new year has come t" cried the Duke. " Let us all Bhake hands, in the friendly German fashion." On this there was a general shaking of hands, which appeared to last a long time. It seemed rather as if the young people of opposite sexes Bhook hands with each other more than once. Lord Mallow would hardly let Violet's hand go once having it in his hearty grasp. " Hail to the first new year we greet together," he said softly. " May it not be the last 1 I feel that it must not, cannot, be the last." " You are wiser than I, then," Vixen answered coldly ; " for my feelings tell me nothing about the future—except"—and here her face beamed at him with a lovely smile—"except that you will be kind to Bullfinch." "If I were an emperor I would make him a consul," answered the Irishman. He had contrived to separate Roderick and Vixen. The young man had returned to his allegiance, and was escorting Lady Mabel back to the house. Everybody began to feel chilly, now that the bells were silent, and there was a general hurrying off to the carriages, which were standing in an oval ring round a group of deo doras in front of the porch on the other side of the house. Rods and Vixen met no more that night. Lord Mallow took her to her carriage, and sat opposite her and talked to her during the homeward drive. Captain Wiaßtanley was smoking a cigar on the box. His wife slumbered peacefully. " I think I may he satisfied with Theodore," she said, &* she composed herself for sleep ; " my dreaa was not quite the worst in the room, was it, Violet ?" "It was lovely, mamma. You can make your self quite happy," answered Vixen truthfully ; whereupon the matron breathed a gentle sigh of content, and lapsed into Blumber. They had the Boldrewood road before them, a long hilly road cleaving the very heart of the Forest ; a road full of ghosts at the best of times, but offered a Walpurgis revel of phantoms on such a night as this to the eye of the belated wanderer. How ghostly the deer were, as they ftkimmed across the road and flitted away into dim distances, mixing with and melting into the shadows of the trees ! The little gray rabbits, sitting up on end, were like circles of hobgoblins that dispersed and vanished at the approach, of mortals. The leaflet old hawthorns, rugged and crooked, silvered by the moonlight, were most ghost-like of all. Tbuy took every form, from tho most unearthly to tho moat grotesquely humau. Violet sat wrapped in her furred white mantle, watching the road as intently as if she had never seen it before. She never could grow tired of these things. She loved them with a love which was part of her nature. "What a delightful eyening! was it not?" asked Lord Mallow. " I suppose it was very nice," answered Violet coolly ; " but I have no standard of comparison. It was my first dinner at Ashbourne." " What a remarkably clever girl Lady Mabel is. Mr. Yawdrey ought to consider himself extremely fortunate." " I have never heard him say that he does not bo consider himself." " Naturally. But I think he might be a little more enthusiastic. He is the coolest lover I ever Baw." "Perhaps you judge him by comparison with Irish lovers. Your nation is more demonstrative than ours." " Oh, an Irish girl wonld cashier such a fellow as Mr. Vawdrey. But I may possibly misjudge him. Tou ought to know more about him than I. You have known him ■" "All my life," said Violet simply. "I know that he is good and stanch and true, that he honored bis mother, and that he will make Lady Mabel Ashbourne a very good husband. _ Perhaps if she were a little less clever and a little more human he might be happier with her ; but no doubt that will come all right in time." " Any way it will be all the same in a century or so," assented Lord Mallow. "We are going to have lovely weather as long at thu moon lasts, I believe. Will you go for a long ride to-morrow —like that first ride of ours V " When I took you all over the world for sport ?" said Vixen laughing. " I woader you are inclined to trust me, after that If Captain Winstanley likes I don't mind being your guide again to-morrow." "Captain Winstanley shall like. I'll answer for that. I would make his life unendurable if he were to refuse." 