Lecture on Thomas Ingolde^y* Aβ wo hare already intimated Mr. Lnbeck's lecture on the above snbjcct, at the Mechanics' Institute on Friday last wae listened to by only about ten persons. As it was then_ delircred it did not rise above mediocrity ; yet it is hardly .fair to judgo harshly of a lecture, which, had it been delivered to a hall full "of people instead of chairs, might havo amply justified its claim to be " popclnr, interesting, and amusing.' The lecturer commenced by directing tho attention of his audience to a scone inn Quaker's meeting hou?o in Eng land. Enter two schoolboys : ono was : Dick Barhom and tlio othor a lad who afterwards distinguished himsolf in the Crimen. Ono holds op a penny tart in bis hand, shouting out to tho silent occupants of tho meeting house, '? Who speaks first shall have this." A gentle man in a drab coloured suit replies," Go tby way " "The tart's yours" qnickly rejoins Dick Barbara, and throwing it down, rushes out. This Dick Bnrham, or more properly speak ing, of Bichard Harris Barham, was born at Canterbury, on the 6th December 1788\. His father diod when Richard was only 7 years of age. Happily the family was amply provided for. As a boy he was very sickly, his life more than onco boing despaired of; gradually, however, he grow bettor, and at 10. was able to enter Brasonose College, Oxford, whore ho was Boon elected a member of tho Phoenix College Room. Ho was over foromo?t in athletic sports and fun of nil kinds during tho day timo, conse quently ho had to study Into into the night. It was nothing unusual for him to'sit up nntil _ o'clock tho next morn ing, his head swathed in wot towels, — ho was constantly missing chapel, nnd when remonstrated with, his repawns, " You're too late for mc, I can't Bit up till 7" (tho hour tho chapol bell rang.). The lecturer hore read somo impromptu linos on Thoodoro Hook, whoso ac quaintance .Barhnm mnde about this timo. For a similar reason that .Thackeray wished ha had beon Shake speare's shoeblacks. Mr. Lubeck con . tended that, it was something to havo lived in tho same Btreet as Barhnm— thnt one might sco him, and nbovo all hear him " talk." Mr. Barham gradu-. nted B.A. with' a second class, ond adopting tho' clerical profession was ordained nnd appointed to a curacy in Kent.' He shortly after this married' Caroline, daughter of a Captain Smart. Promotion soon came, Mr. Barham re ceiving first a presentation to the' Re ctory of Snargntc ; secondly, tho addition to this, of tho living of Warehnm, only n milo or two distant. Hore lie " broke ono log nnd sprained the othor." In 1824, he was appointed a Minor Canon of St. Paul's, London, and rector of two parishes in tho cityi Having givon ns n reason for not being romarknblo in the pulpit, that Air. Barhnm hnd gront objections to rhotoricnl diaplnys arid the conversion of tho church building into; a more thontro, tho lecturer' proceeded to extol his many virtues, his benovoloneo and chnrity which oxtended fnr boyond his own pnrishes. Hia gront nfl'ection for auimnls was referred to—particularly for his cat " Jerry" nnd his dog " Tray." Thnt Mr. Bnrham could write a very comical letter wns proved by the lecturer rending ono written to n clerical friend —in which by amusing laconics, he doscribc? tho places they stopped at onn holiday tour ho had been taking, inci dents by tho way, nnd tho "drinks" partaken of nt tho various.-, hostel rice. ' In London ho lived compnrativoly n quiet timo being chiefly occu pied in writing'for tho Magazines. The most' popular of all his contributions woro those to' Buntloy'B Miscellany " undor tlio '..noun de plume of " Thonin? Tngoldsby"—by which name ho.is moro gono'rnlly known. He diod Juno I,7th, 18-15, regretted by all who. know him— for to. know him was to love him. Hnving nllnded: to . his., humour, hie agreeable temperament, und tho sterling diameters of "tho friends whom he gathered nround him, tho'lecturerpnssod on to tho consideration of his writings, rending specimens 'thereof. Hi? selec tions included amongst others, " Lord Tomnoddy," .[" Rovorio in Westminster Abbey",- "The Babes in the Wood", " Barney Maguiro's Ghost", "The Lady Rohcsia", and " Mr. Sirapkinson's Misadventures at Margate." Introductory comments woro made upon each, sometimes apropos, and .sometimes' not. ? As a reader, Mr. Lubeck possesses only average ability— beyond this bo did not rise at timos he was prosy to a degree—and only in ?parts whore a few facial contortions wero required was he at all amusing—but after all a man cannot be expected to be vory mirth provoking with, only n quantity of- empty 'chairs before hlmi wo therefore Buspend further criticism until that second lecture which Mr, Lnbeck somewhat indefinitely promised to deliver in Singloton, and'if delivered, is to be " better than tho first." Wo have an idea that tho da to of this Becond effort is very far distant. It appears from the official statistics, tho compilation of which has just been completod, than on January 1, 1870, tho Manchester Unity of Odd Fellows numbered 031,690 members against 526,802 at the beginning of. 1878—a net gain of 4,757, against 8,482 in 1877 and 10,867 in 187 G. Thi? shows how the widespread depression of trnde hns affected tho industrial classes, and iho fact is still more clearly evidenced by 16,017 having loft tho order last year, whilo only 27,018 wero initiated, against 32,241 in 1877 nnd 33,040 in 187G nnd an arcrago of 36,000 for each of the five preceding years. The deaths of members during .tho year amounted to G,OIG, tho pcrcontago being 1.80 against 1.4*3 in the preceding year. Tho Itinera! bonefi ts paid amounted to £70,454, ngninst ,£G7,847 last year ; nnd in addition £23,804 was paid as funoral benefits for wives nnd the widows of decenaed members Tho directors, considering tho present si nlu of trndo, commerce, and agriculture in the country, regard theao statistics us satisfactory, , 