GENERAL NEWS. Mr. Nimmo, M.L.A., introduced a deputa tion to the Minister of Education on Tuesday, requesting that the work of erecting the central school at 33 net aid Hill might bo gone on with. it was stated that a site naa oeen purcnssea m Bank street, JSmerald HiiJ. for £4,000, and the plans had been prepared, bat the work bad not been proceeded with in consequence of the uncer tainty as to whether the loan would bs floated in order to enable the Education Department to get the £200,000 allotted to it out of the loan. Major Smith said that as the money market seemed to be changing for the better in Eng. land, there was a good prospect or the loan being floated, and he would, therefore, take steps to have tenders cal'ed for laying the foun- d at ions of the school. The correspondent (E. D. Heather) brought under the Hotice of the Minister the certificates given by the Emerald Hill School Board of Advice for regnjar attend ance, and suggested that hp might take it into his consideration whether these should nGt be given by the Education Department, and not privately subscribed for, as is the coarse now adopted. It will be remembered that a short time since a despatch was received from the Imperial G-overnment intimating tbat as the contract for the conveyance of mails by the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company wouid soon terminate, the question as to the propor tion of the postal charges to be paid by England and Yictoria respectively, was re viewed. Through the contract entered into in 1873 between the Imperial and Vic torian Governments, an arrangement was made, and has since been in force, whereby the latter ceuld retain 53. out of every 64. paid for postage. In the despatch referred to, however, the home authorities intimated that the pro portion retained by them was too email, and that for the fntnre they should get two-thirds of the charge — or, in other words, 43. out of every 6-i. They desire this increased porportion towards defraying the cost of forwarding the mails from Southampton to Galle. When this demand was made, Victoria, in cod junction with the other colonies, at once appealed against it, and the subject has si lie 3 occupied a great > uount of attention on the part ef the several Agents. general and the officers of the Postal Department in London. No definite un derspending has been arrived at yet, the latest information respecting tlm matter being receive by the Postms-rler -General in the shape of a telegram, to the eff.-c: that the pre sent arrangements would contiune in fores until February, 1880, when the P. and O. Co pany'a contract terminated. The annual meeting of the MG '» hiiie '.a a.' Abstinence Society was held in tin fpiiiperi'. t. hall, Russell street, on Monday evening. ?- Hon. James Mnnro, M.L.A., presided. i i-d the attendance was numerous. The committee submitted the thirty-sixth annud \>r , which conveyed the t'di'vviog iuforinat-;on : — 1.703 persons signed i Lie dev. 114 ti.u pnt-l year n the pledge- book at «>». kali, bcinu- An increase of 271 over the preceding year. Tua additions and improvements to the buildings have in creased the value of the society's property from £10,000 to £15,000. The Saturday night's concerts find incroased favour with, the public. The recent temperance gala xliheA a profit of about £00. After paying usreet and working expenses, and transferring £1,750 to the building account, there remained a balance to the credit of the society of £1,149 13a. 5d." The report and balanoe sheet were adopted nu&imeiuiy.; It vm deoided to bold a lemperanc.- oongrcs in Melbourne in 18S9 — the exhibition year — and to cooperate with other temperance societies, with a view to ob taining the services of Mr, J. B. Gotigb, the distinguished lecturer on temper -vce. Mr, Munro promised to contribute £160 towards a guarantee fund for Mr. Gough's visit to the colony; and Mr Horatio Beaucb∓ aaifl he would give a similar amount. The iollowing office-bearers were elected for the present year ; — President — Hon. James Mnnro, M L. A- ; vice-presidents — Messrs. A. Geddes and W. Kelly ; treasurer — Mr. Charles Wilson secre tary — Mr Thomas Ferguson; committee — Messrs. W. Robertson, W. Rice, T. P. Carney, T. B. Hill, H. Calvert, G. R. Mott. R. Tindale, F. St. George, D, Springfield, W. V. Lambert, J. B. Clarke, and M. Water strom ; auditors — Messrs. Shakespeare and Rudd. Votes of thanks to the past office-bearers closed the meeting. If there had been buffer-stops provided at the end of the blind siding at the Spencer street terminus, over which the locomotive driven by the man Ryan was precipitated, the accident would, undoubtedly, not have happened, nor, as a consequence, would the life of the unfortu nate stoker ffarmes have been sacrificed. On . Tuesday another eireamstance occurred which j serves to point Gut the unaccountable piece of j blundering it was on the part of some person or ! other not to have seen that the rails at their j termination were provided wih some such ob- : sfcacles as those referred to. Daring the rathqf ; violent- storm that occurred in the forenoon, two j large sfaeep-trueks (the brakes connected with j which were negligently left unattached) wre I blown along to the end of a siding, and as, of j course, there was nothing there to prevent their j further progress, they toppled over, and became considerably damaged in the fall. As far as the 1 mam origin of this accident is concerned, it is | identical , to that of the frightful catastrophe ; which occurred on New Year's Day. j A commission cf the presbytery of Melbourne j met at Bacchus Marsh on Monday, at 12 o'clock j noon, for the purpose of settling a new minister ; I in connection with the Presbyterian congrega- I tioa. The ofj-ct of the people's choice was the 1 Rev. Hugh Macfarlane, who arrived a short | time ago in the colony, and who was formerly minister of the United Presbyterian Church of Oban, in the West Highlands of Scotland. Great interest was manifested in the settlement, ana the attendance at the eerviees was numer- , ous. The Rev. J. BiUantyne, of Melbourne, preached. The Rev, A. M'K'Kai!. of Bulla, gave a history o£ the previous procedure, put certain questions prescribed by Presbyterian u?age, and offered up the induction prayer ; and j the Rev D. M'Keczie, of Colling wood, de livered addresses to the minister and congrega- j tion. A tea-meeting was held in the Mechanics' ; Institute io the evening, when the place was quite full. The new minister presided, and the j Rev. J, Cooper, along with the ministers who j conducted the induction services, addressed the j assembly. An efficient cheir was also in at- ; tendance. | The eighteenth annual meeting of the Victo- j ran Socbty of Bnes took plc«? on Tuesday, at | the Chamber of Commerce, Market Biddings, J Mr. Gao. Foord. president, occupying the chair, j The report and balance-sheet were read and j adopted. During the past year, owing to the de- j pressed condition of trade, the subscriptions j showed a marked falling eff, amounting to £72 ! 9s., whereas the dstnanas for relief and help amounted to £110 8s, 6d.f every worthy case for relief having been met by the directors. The Whitby Memorial Window, subscribed fer wholly by Blues, had been completed and erected by Messrs. Brooks, Robinson, and Co., in Christ's Church, Brunswick, to the entire satisfaction of the directors. The subscribers to this memento to 'a brother Blue, who was heart and son! devoted to the interests of the society, were invited te inspect the work. The Blues' dinner took place in Melbourne, oa 7th November, snd was fairly attended, a visitor from Adelaide joining in the festivity. It was hoped that this commemoration of founders' day would not be showed to lapse. Messrs. C. Salter and 33. Bage were elected directors, in the place of Messrs. 0 jwderoy and Perry. Mr. H. Gamble was re- elected treasurer and hon. secretary. MesErs Ingram and Cowderoy were elected auditors for the ensuing year. Mr. Jennings proposed the usual vote of thanks, which terminated the proceedings. The Rev. A. Yule, who recently arrived from Aberdeen, m response to a call to ihe Erskine Church, Carlton, was on Tuesday formally in ducted in the charge cf that place of worship, It will be remembered that in July last the con gregation sent home a call to the rev. gentle man, and the presbytery of Aberdeen, approv ing of his appointment, he left that city, and ar rived, with his wife and family in Mel bourne on the 3rd inst. At the first meeting afterwards of the Melbourne Presbytery, the ceremony of inducting Mr. Yule to his charge was directed to take place as it did last even ing. The Rev, Mr. Rourke, of Footscray, was selected to preach the nsual sermon, and that gentleman delivered a very excellent discourse from the text, Matthew v. 13, "Ye are the salt of the earth." In his concluding remarks, he asked the congregation to reverence and respect their pastor, to encourage him in his labours, and not to throw any hindrance or stumbling-blocks in his path. The Rev, Groundwater Fraser then put the usual induction-service questions te Mr. Yule, which were duly answered by that gentleman, and the ceremony was at length brought to a close with an address delivered by the Rev. Dr. MacDonald to the newly appointed paster and his congregation. Oa Sunday next Mr. Yule will preach both morning and evening, and on the following Tnesday night he will be formally ' -v -doomed :«v his congregation with a tea and ! v.blic meeting. | V\V regret to record tee death ef the Rev. I JohuEegiestoii, at Brighton, on Thursday after I noon, at the advanced age of 8ixy-sx years, ; Ths deceased gentleman was weil- known in re- t ligicus circles throughout the colonies, having ! taken an active part in ministerial work in connec tion with the Wesley an Methodist Church in Vic toria, Tasmania, and South Australia during thf past forty year?, and wherever stationed be was always admired for his talents as a preacher of j the Gospel, and deeply loved and honou: g.l for the kind-heartedness and Christian sympathy which he displayed to all with whom he came in contact. Mr. Egglesfcon retired from active ministerial work atxmfc twelve months ago, and; has since resided at Brighton, Latterly he has been suffering from ill health, daily growing , worse, until he died Thursday, as already BtaittL " ' : %<>.. ST fc j .tar - V- . , We are sorry to state that Eggleston is also very ill. The family «-f the deceased arc left in comfortable circumstances, one of the sous being a member of the firm of Messrs, Cleverdon and Egglesfcon, solicitors. The Royal Commisucra on Closed Roads is about to resume its labours, in order to supple ment the progress resort already presented to Parliament by a final report on the subject jof(- its enquiries. The fins report is intended to se available during next session. Some of the j shire authorities have not yet sent in the returns i asked for by the Commissioner of Pablie Works in June last, and these gentlemen have been desired to send them in without further delay. The commissioners will go to Colac on Tuesday. They wilt examine witnesses at that town on Wednesday, at Camperdown on Thursday, and at Warrnambooi on Saturday. The evidence will relate to the five shires of Colac, Hampden, Mortlake, Warrnambooi, and Belfast, The re turns sent ia already show that the councils of these districts acknowledge bat there ia an ag gregate leDgtk of nearly 3 000 miles of road closed within their boundaries. The ratio borne by the closed roads to the total area of the shires is larger in that part of the colony than | i i any other. An ungrateful and unscrupulous scamp, who blazoned forth his dishonesty with unblush' | ing effrontery, and attempted to excuse his | guiit by stating that he was a sprig of the Eog- i lish nobility, met vrich far l:ss than his deserts ; Tuesday, at the Ci:y Police Court. XfaefeiJow, I who was most fashionably attired, thought fit to ! give the came to thp lock-up keeper of Percie i Browne. Tbis combination of appellations 4s ; believed to be assumed, snd the fellow is said fo ; i be conneced wiih the bluest blood in the king. | dom. - Be his a- it may, the fsliow | who stated that he merely came oat.1' ! to look at "you colonials, you know,"!: i for a few months, managed to ingratiate himself with the landlord of the Treasury hotel, I Spring street, which caravanserai be patronised j f st a week. Ac the end of that time Mr. Browne tendered Mr. Fanning, the landlord of the hotei, a cheque for £3 on a bank which does not exist in this colony. Mr. Fanning refused to cash the document, but his wife proved more compliant. A friend of the prisoner's entreated leniency on the score that he was a nephew cf the Marquis of Albemarle. Perhaps the appeal obtained a mitigation cf punishment, as the | swindler was merely sent to gaol for three | months. j A pitiable object, in the person of a poor,, j feeble, emaciated and ag<"d man, named Jc>fcn i Tsubtnacn, whose age, according to his own j statement, is «-iehty two years, was brought be- j fore the Cit\ Court on Tuesday, on the charge of I attempting to «otnmit suicide by .browing him- | self ;nto the Yarra on the previous evening. I The poor out feu'ow's sole covering was a Govern ment blanket, which hsd been given him in ihe place of a few miserable rags, in which his shrunken frame was enwrapped at the time of I his being fished cut of the river. The prisoner j was formerly a major in the Imperial armv, but I drink, added to the weight of years, has brr n-bt | him to his present melancholy position. U being taken into the pobce court on Tuesday, he | appeared to be impressed with the idea thas he | was "a beast of the field," probably an ass, ss he I brayed in a most discordant manner, and his only anxiety appeared to be to chew the mat ting npon the floor. The poor gentleman, for such he is by birth and profession, was re manded for a week's medical treatment. A fatal accident occurred on Monday last to an old and respected resident of Coiac named George Smith. According to the C&lac; Beraldt Mr. Smith was driving & dray, on his way, with seme others, to a contract at Turkeifch, and wnile driving along, his hat blew eff, which he jumped down to obtain without stopping. He fell between the wheel and the dray, and the wheel passed over his body, crushing in his chest, and inflicting serious bruises to his face and hands, the left jaw being broken. The accident took place at 5 o'clock, and the sufferer was immediately conveyed to Colae, when Dr. Foster was called in, but- human aid proved to be Qf no avail, and the deceased expired at his residence at half past 6 p.m. The diamond- drill bits sent from Ballarat to Sandhurst (says the Star) are said to be so badly set with the diamonds as to be useless. One of the Sandhurst journals remarks that although thee s drills h;ve already cost the country between £6 600 ®nd £7,000, very little appears to be doing with any of them. That one oa the Great Southern claim is still lying idle for want of a proper hit. One of the meat inhuman wretches that ever owned a horse was brought before the City Police Court ou Monday, on the charge of cruelty ; to animals, and no more jost accusation, or a mo:e righteous sentence thau that inflicted on the offender,, who gave the name of Thomas Montport, was ever delivered, «. Mr, Graham Mitchell observed the wretched animal which was being driven in a cab up Collins street, yesterday morning, and he called the attention of the officer on duty at the "point" to the driver Montport. The poor brute in the shafts was, with difficulty, taken to the City j Watchhouse, where it was examinsd by Senior- constable Hart, who is an expert oa the subject of horse diseases, and that officer agreed with Mr. itchell that the creature was foundered in his |ore-legs, his hoofs being sand-cracked, whilst the sinews of the upper joints of all the legs were swollen to a terrible extent. The animal waa ve¥y o'd, but was in good order. He was collar-galled, girth-galled, and saddle galled — in fact, he was suffering from raw sores on every prominent place in hia body. The driver of the horse had evidently experienced considerable difficulty in keeping ! the poor animal upon his legs, as he had whipped 1 him under the flanks, which ran freely with blood. Mr. P Anton, P.M., examined the horse and, on returning to the bench, addressing the prisoner, remarked that he was only sorry that he could not reduce him to the same position as he had brought his unfortunate brute to. He would be fined £4, with 2 is. costs, or month's imprisonment. A vagrant named Richard Wotd was bro ught lu4,;ry the Fi'Zrey Bench on M. u r«y, to answer a g irttge of I t- lug illegally t.u thy premises of j .Vli-s, . Morat, residing iix.M3ri.0a street, one night daring T&at-; week In defence the prisoner stated that Jhe had known 'the- prosecutrix for some time,' and did not think he was tpes passing oj the premises. He aUo inforipcL. the Bench that he was a com mission agent. TKeprieener was senttnovd to 0110 month's Imprisonment aad off a second charge of vagrancy vraa sen' " ' ' ' v - - - - - ; . i i ' , w - v . ;4 j £,'y.,-; .i;1" tenced « additional six months' M meat. Samuel Jenkins, a Ku'cVe "re I North Fiteroy, was fined 10 , « , - fl for slaughtering on his prenr , . ft and William Jennings were r- r on a charge ©f stealing fruit. " Wfie Y A ycung married woman c.rnt.! plained spamst her husband at the'prJr $ court on Monday for iiltru u11 Hlpoffstated =1 some four months, and dnrWSt fe husband had been constantdy illtnatinff h 1 and she was afraid to live with him/ S?' Beach ordered Hipoff to find two suretf. ®, ! £25 each to keep the peace for six months. One of the larrikin fraternity named Georo Bos well, appeared before the Prahran Bench on Mond»y, to «nn«r » charge of behaviour. The accused is one of a gang i ruffians who assemble in Chapel street nightlv and insult persons passing. The Bench. whS are determined to put a stop ts the practice fined tbe accused £5, in default one month'i M imprisonment. Wiliiam Johnston, a youth R fined £1 for drivfrig a galld: kqrxo, Mewra Wright and Higgins, contractors .friidhe Oak- leich railway, were summoned for having in", suffipient protection at the Chapel street cuttinp It appears that the- catting fls very dangerons aiffi-S only bordered ! a fswildihg, Which any vehicle could knock down.;; The Bench in. flicted ft fipe Kff . IQs., and expressed admpe thai the contractors would have the giaoe evured. . " ypu done witflhe papney ? ' g the sum and substance of tHe queries cantainfld in a c&'calar fetter addrfe'sed" to'eabn munici. 'palitfb' thO 'ountey by the- Deprhn en t of Public Works ieaya the jLvoca Base Pfess), It jrsmid Appear . ,this (thee journal con. \- tinpee) tnstft searching inqqicyinto ihe abuses of the .system will precede', legislation, to the end ihat the errors of :the past' may" be a guide i& tiie future. Itiahtres like Avdira, whej e the law trampled underfoot, - or. D&ly; .consulted when it eeemed to favour tome- excuse for money squandering, this circular will operate as a messenger of consternation. Administering the affaire of a shire from year to yeSr in pro found indifference of the spirit, meaning, and intention of the Local Government Aefc, the fact of being caiied upon to answer what was done with the rnoaey, and waat is there to show for the rale tnd pdowment in the way ef reads and bridgts wili, or' should, Create a deling lictie s. u t of a Kanie. Wheat he large revenue ot 01 sc.rt lr m ;v 1 sources is contrasted with tb-.i h -s r :.y the wonder js what the couhcivwi i have- to say for itself. That the en- downier. 5 i e slopped altogether in some mauicipa iact., a: d considerably diminished in otuer>, ;a i. ;o.--3£r.e conclusioa. Without the saxsidy, hirts i ike that of Aveca will be com- pel- d t - sr-ii: up &hop.; The rates never did and never vr li do more thau pay the working ex- pj-ees. ' To the difficulty, it is rumoured that some three or four shires will be amalga mated, and t uat fresh taxation will be directly » imposed » u th= ratepayers to meet tbe altered position of iff drs. 1 The foHowdig 'somewhat unusual snake story is nnrrarfd by the Bendigo Advertiser It may te re rot.,s be red by our reader© that abont three weeks smc-i the residents in the block of houses bounded by Milroy and Boundary streets, on the Hustler's Hill, were conside rably scared by the appearance of a snake of a poisonous species in the locality. The reptile was first observed in the garden attached to Mr. Henshail's house, next door to Mr. Carl Mueller's residence, but before it could, be de- s . atcked it crawled nader the foundation of Mr. Henshail's premises. Mr. Heafehall and his family armed themselves with guns and sticks, aad watched for the snake all the afternoon, but it did not again, make its appearance, and since that the whole Neighbourhood' has been in a constant state of alarm. Nc thing further was seen - -of . the snake till Saturday afternoon, when a tame magpie was observed dragging it about in Mr. Mueller's yard- . W hen found the snake was quite dead, and was marked all over with numerous incisions, evidently inflicted on it by the magpie's beak. On; measuring it, Mr. 1 Mueller found it to be 3ft. 6in. hmg. The only explanation that can be given of its presence in saob a thickly-populated locality is that it must have beeu conveyed there in a log of wood. It is as well to state, for the information of those who may be unaware of the fact, that there is a., law in existence which makes it Illegal to kill magpies s&d; thu additional tes timony to their usefulness should have the effect of still farther protecting them from the slaughter of .which they are too frequently the victims.' - - : A J One of those prurient, filtiiy wretches, who appear to lie in wait fer the purpsse of de bauching children. ©f tender age James Bradley, was charged at the City Police Court, en Monday, with insulting behaviour. Senior- nonstable Walsh stated that he and Constable Bysouth observed the prisoner in Fliftders street late on Saturday night in cosapmay with a girl ' about ten years of age. Having suspicions of the man's intentions, Walsh questioned Ihe child, and the latter informed him that' Bradley had offered her some money for immoral purposes. The prisoner was sent to gaol for three months, in default of paying a fine of £5., Wi Pan ton, P.M.J addressing the mother of the child, said she was a disgrace to her mx, for allowing her daughter to be roaming about tbe streets late at night. The woman excused herself by say ing that she was a widow, with seVCn Childress and her daughter was obliged ttTbefiftt late at. night selling newspapers axtd xaa£ches?a8 a kelp towards the support cf her family. - jcx-C' Constable Kennedy arrested pSLpaturday night, a gang of vagrants — three meix and three women — in a filthy den in an equally Tool lane off Cardigsn street. The &esmi;$l$lra%given by Senior- constable Kelleher and Ohbitahle Ken nedy, at the City Court, on Monday morning, of the beastly hovel in which the priaomre nigbtiy carried on their diabolical otgies, was something apoalling ; in fact, te quote the words of the senior-constable, "it was a disgrace to cur common humanity." Nigh, it was stated, is made hideous by the carnnmfa and bianpbc"innlt language of the crew, the femtikMortion of which were three andent aoutiaebai hags while e the male prisoners are all cf thdm young, and by no means ill-looking. 'The poKce stated that the lane in which (te « psisoiBrs were found huddled up of old , to- habited occasiouaily, lw. ya«ante .who, » waB feared would set fire tb fife houses (which are Ml coBfetrueW hf 'hd) smnft night, when, probably/ ft eeihstefOsBiflagration. would be the teaul invoivteg a»lr— My » 13 : 1 . .1 -a; n deBtrncin Suable property in the neigh hour ho a . -laps less of life. Constable Kennedy, - vr to the Bench, stated that the :oyf \ which the prisoners were found belc. £'.d to Vlr. Corcoran, an hotelkeeper in Swans ton striiet. Five of the herd were sent off to gaol for three months, and judging from their appearance, it will oceupy the whole -of that time to cleanse them. The sixth prisoner, a person nam- t Thomas- Forms, who has been more than onei convicted of larceny, "requested a remand, to enable him to prove his respecta bility, A little sensational scene at this junc ture occurred, eansed by a person getting into the witness box, and accusing Forms of having robbed him of five sovereigns en the afternoon of Thursday last, whilst he lay under the green wood tree in Carlton Gardens. It is really time (says the BaHcurat Star) that something was done effectnally to put a Stop to the trafficking in children of tender age in the Chinese camps, fur, despite the efforts of the police to put down vice and immorality, oases sometimes crop up sufficient to make poor human nature blush. On Saturday evening Senior-constable Crampton, of Smythesdale, with Constable Daly, visited the Chinese camp at Haddon, and' found a child, only nine years of age, named Margaret Wilkinson, in the oamp, where she was left, as alleged, disposed of by her mother, for immoral purposes. The police, however, rescued her, and she is now in the police camp at Smythesdale, charged with being a neglected child. The mother of the child iB well known at Browns, where she re- rides. We have to acknowledge the reoeipt of the 11 Melbourne Direofcory" for 1879, from the pub- Ushers, Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall. It has grown in bulk somewhat this year, having increased from 802 pages to 832. The alphabetical list, trades and professions, Melbourne, suburbs, the lists of streets, etc., aU appear in their usually well- arranged style, and the miscellaneous section has been supplemented by a good deal of useful information. There is also a well- executed map of Melbourne and suburbs, corrected up to date. It is large and clearly printed, so that it will form a very useful guide. -Altogether, it is a most oreditable production, and will, no doubt, continue, as it deserves, to increase in public favour. Under the heading, "Flying from Protec tion," the Sydney Evening News says : — " There is scarcely a steamship or vessel leaving Hob- son's Bay on which there is not a large number of able-bodied passengers, bound for making their homes in other lands; chiefly in New South Wales and Queensland. The last trip cf the steamer Cheviot, from Melbourne, was no ex ception, as there mast have been upwards of 100 adults on board. It so happens, too, that there is always a percentage of " stowaways" — that is, persons who would leave'if they could —oa board every ship, and the Cheviot had only two. They were both stalwart men, aad on their discovery the circumstance was re ported to Captain Stanford, who regarded the incident as a matted of course, and ordered the delinquents to be put ashore by the tender which accompanied the steamer down the Yarra Yarra." Five street roughs, the eldest of whom was certainly not more than twenty-five years of age, were taken before the City Police Conrt, on Tuesday, on the plastic charge of insulting behaviour, and also with assaulting Senior- constable Walsh. The prisoners stack up and ill-used an intoxicated man, named Cranstoun, in Flinders street, about twelve o'clock on Monday night, and but for the valour of a cab- driver named William Clarke, who followed the gang until he met Senior-constable Walsh, he would no doubt have experienced very bitter and expensive reminiscences of his Christmas trip to the metropolis. As it was, the pri soners, who are named Lofthouse, Sutton, Smith, Giles, and Johnson, and who are unen- viably known to the police, knocked Clarke down, and assaulted the police who came to his assistance. The soonndrels were fined £10, or three months' imprisonment, on the charge of insulting behaviour, and were, in addition, ordered to be incarcerated for three months, cumulative on the farmer sentence. The pri soner Giles, who tore the uniform of one of the arresting constables, was farther ordered to pay a fine of 20s,, or, in default, a month's imprison ment. A farmer named Richard Bell was charged before the Hotham Bench on Thursday, at the instance of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, with crnelly ill-treating a number of calves; On the 15th inst., the de fendant was found with several calves in his cart, the legs of tta animals being tightly tied. Mr. Miller, who appeared for 'the society, pointed out £o the Bench that the defendant should have had a net over his cart, which would have obviated the necessity of tying the animals' legs. A fine of 20s., with 26a. costs, was Inflicted. Another man, named Michael MulhalL, was charged with a similar offence, and was fined 10s., with 30s. costs. The well-known members of the larrikin fra ternity named James Or ton, John Robin sod, and Kenneth Gillies, were brought before the PrahranBenchon Thursday, to answer a charge of insulting behaviour. Oa Sunday last the three prisoners vent to several hotels in Prahran, and -demanded admittance, but on being refused, they behaved themselves in a disgraceful manner in the presence of a number of persons . who were coming from church, A constable, who was near at the time, attempted to arrest the prisoners, who managed to make their es- caperinto a cab, and drove nwgy, but were sub sequently arrested. The- Bench fined each of the prisoners £5, in default one month's impri sonment. Orten and Robinson were fined 20s. eaoh, in default seven days' imprisonment, on a second charge of assaulting a young man named Lauchlan Gillies, on Sunday last. During the bearing of the case Sergeant Parkinson gave the prisoner Orton (who was recently before the Bench on a charge of assaulting the girl Hen rietta Jennings, at Prahran, some weeks ago,) a erybad character. The following tenders were on Thursday £0 cepted by the Public Works Department, viz, : — Repairing, painting, etc., Industrial School, Geelong, John Finlay, at the sum of £37 5 14s. 2d. ; gas and water supply, fenoing, gates, and other works,' at the police station, Royal Park, A/ Corben, at the sum of £149 ; alterations, re- orira, painting, etc., to the Custom-house, Wil- Ramstown, Charles Brown, at the snm of £60 6b, 4d. ; and repairs, etc., to, the Custom-house at Geelong, J, P. Best and Son, at the snm of m During the past month a portion of the in habitants of PrsbrAn have been greatly annoyed owing to their 'gardens having been robbed, Oa Monday last, a Mr, Jones, residing in Orroug road, noticed two men in his orchard etc Ur. fruit The men, on seeing that'tber observed, made off, but were followed by Al: Joaea, uho succeeded in overtaking one or them named Robert F'annery, whom he gave in charge. The orisouer was brought before the local Bfench on Thursday, and on the ckse being proven, a fine of £5 was Inflicted ; in' default, one month's imprisonment. A committee meeting of the Victoria Anti- Chinese Leagne was held in the TrSdes'-hall on Thursday night, Mr. John Taylor presiding. The secretary announced that over 100 persons had enrolled themselves as members of the league, and signed a declaration, of which the wording is as follows : — "I hereby solemnly declare my conscientious belief in the ' disastrous influence of the presence of Chinese in this colony, and in pursuance thereof, do pledge myself to refrain from all trade, barter, and business Connection with them. Audi further promise to withhold my patronage from all persons so trading or dealing with Chinese ; and, moreover, I will strenuously and .fearlessly exert my social, moral, and political influence to prevent any further influx of snch: Chinese," A number of rules, bearing upon the manner of conducting the meetings of the league, were submitted and approved of. On the printed card of rules, the organisation is set out as being incorporated under the auspices of the Trades' Societies of Victoria, and having for its objects the restriction, or, if found necessary, the complete prohibition of immigration of Chinese to this colony, absolute discontinuance of trade and traffic with those already here, and to agitate for sound and effective legislation by ail means in its power. The only business before the committee was of a routine character, and consisted principally in arranging for a public meeting, which is to come off some time next week. A missionary who has just returned to England from New Guinea (says the Globe), speaking of the inhabitants of the south-east portion of the island, states that the costume ot a Jfapuan Delia consists or earrings ana tatr tooing. The former ornaments are in such favour that sometimes as many as fifty will be seen hanging from a single ear, while the art ot tattooing is carried to as high perfection as among the Burmese. To be very fashionable, a young lady of New Guinea must cover her self with a perfect network of indelible marks, and then, but not till then, she may look for an eligible parti with some prospect of success. The wooden houses of the country are said to be remarkably well built, while gardening is quite a passion with the Papuan men. They also hunt and fish, while the women employ themselves in housework, and act as beasts of burden when changing residence, .So far, how ever, from considering this latter a hardship, it is a right of which the sex are extremely proud, and any foreigner who went among them agi tating for restrictions on female labour would soon have a hornets' nest about his ears. There are, unhappily, two very unpleasant pro pensities amoBg the. gentlemen of New Guinea. They delight in thieving; and they are pre< ficients in murder. As a North American "brave" prides himself on the scalps be possesses so does a Papnan elegant receive perennial happiness from the tattoo marks on his sable skin. Each of these signifies a suc cessful murder, and so strong is the taste for such embellishment that expeditions! are. often organised by the young men -against unpro tected villages, for no other reaso than to ob tain the right to have their faces and chests tattooed with the brand of assassination. The religion of the country amounts to nothing more than a belief in ghosts and evil spirits, to whom they ascribe all the ills of life. The congregation of the Presbyterian Church of South Yarra, which has now been without a pastor for a considerable time, has at length taken an important step. A la?ge and most harmonious meeting was held on Tuesday even ing, when, after devotional services by the Rev. J. Ballantyne, who occupied the chair, it was unanimously agreed to make application to the : presbytery of Melbourne, at its first meeting, to grant a moderation in a call, The object of the congregation's choice, is the Rev. J. MTherson, of Hilltown Free Church, Dundee, the author of the " Memoirs of Duncan Matheson," a work well known in religious circles. Mr. M'Pherson is well reported of for his pulpit gifts, and is known to take a deep inljeresti in the colonial church. It was also agreed to communicate with him by the first mail. ' An unnatural mother, Ellpn Earighi, was charged, before te Emeralti ffifiBeugh, Wednes- day with 'assaulting hey daughter a child aged 12 years. - Jt appeared thac the Accused, who is somewhat addicted to drinking, had been in the habit of beating the unfortunate child in a most unmerciful manner. On Monday she beat the child so cruelly that on her father commg home, he noticed the child looking ill, and on examination," i£ was found that its collar-bone had beeii severely injured. The prisoner was sent to gaol for a month. Another important sale of land belonging to the estate of the late Mr, Edward Henty was held at the Victoria hotel, Hamilton, on Satur- day, by Messrs. Bree, Dickens, and Co. The Spectator reports that there was a large attend- ance, and the bidding up to a certain price was animated. The average realised, however, was nothing like what would have been obtained a twelvemonth ago, capitalists being chary about investing their money in Victoria, and so much capital having been withdrawn from the colony by those who do not choose to trust to the tender mercies of Messrs. Graham Berry and Co, The land sold on Saturday consisted alto- gether-of 1,061a. Or. 39p., known as the Boiling, down Paddocks, on the Muntham estate, and was divided into nine lots." The highest price realised, £12 5s,, was given by Mr. Rhodes for 147a, Or. 22p,, and the lowest £6 Is., the total amount seonred being slightly over £9.000, or an average of £8 9s. lGd. per acre. Thus a re daction of 50 per C6nt. is indicated in the value of the land, as compared With what £ood judges would have given for it a year ago. This means a loss to the estate of something like £3,700. 