NEWS OF THE DAY Although tho lion, the Chief Secretary and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen are announced to ad dress a public meeting at Eaglehawk, Man durang electorate, to-night, thoy did not leave Melbourne by the 12.15 ordinary train, nor up to 1 o'clock had the traffic manager, Mr Anderson, received any intimation of the time at which a special train would bo re quired. No doubt, however, one would ho despatched at a later hour in the day. Business was resumed to-day, after the holidays, but, so far as political affairs are concerned, there is nothing new. Ministers speak at Eaglehawk to-night, and as this is dee of the principal places in Mandurang, the three representatives of which aro against the Ministry, somo curiosity is manifested as to how MrJBerry and his colleagues wjll fare. It will doubtless he remombered that in May last an agreement was entered into he twecn the Imperial Government and the E ; .stern Cable Extension Company for tho laying and maintenance of a dublicate jcable. j'o this ogrooment the colonies of New South Wales and "Victoria were parties, and it was lefi. to thom to arrange what proportion of tho promised snbaidy each should contributo, and also to agree with the other Australian colo nies as to the terms upon which they were to participate in the advantages of the duplicate cable. Tha arrangement between tho two first-named colonies has now been concluded, and final negotia tions with South Australia, Queens land, and the other colonies will, it is anticipated, be completed in a very short time. For some time past the desirability of taking stops to relieve the distress in Ireland has been discussed in the city and suburbs, bat some doubt existed as to the extent to which it prevailed. The statement made in the cablegrams that subscriptions are being raised in England, and that the Queen baB contributed £500, shows that great distress undoubtedly exists. Some Irish residents waited on us to-day, and expressed their willingness to subscribe to a fond for the relief of the Irish people, and BuggeBted the desirability of requesting his Worship the Mayor to call a public meet ing to inaugurate a fund. Eventually, it wae decided not to t.aks action until the papers sidered likply that these would contain full information as to the extent of the distress. Messrs Siddeley and Co. have received a telegram, Btating that Messrs Money Wigram and Sons' b.b. Northumberland arrived safely at Aden early on the morning of the 27 tfl inst. This morning Mr F. C. Mason, M.L.A., had an Interview with thehon. the Postmaster and the Deputy Postmaster-General respecting the establishment of a post-office at Merton, Gippsland. Mr Patterson, after inquiring into the claims of the locality in question, directed that a bi-weekly mall service be established between Rosedale and Merton for six months, with a view to test the mail business of the plaoe, which, if found to be satisfactory, would afterwards he made permanent. It is stated that sub-Inspector Pewtresi, who is at present stationed at Mansfield, is seriously ill. The work of elevating tho roadway leading to Prince's Bridge, by the Fish Market, is just on the point of completion, The road has been heightened a few feet, to allow of the passage under it of any locomotives which may bo required for tho Gippsland traffic. Tho construction of tho railway bridge lent itself readily to the process of elevation, which has been effected without closing much mora than half the roadway at any one time. Mr Wa'.ts, city surveyor, supervised tho work. It was dene according to proposals by the Railway department, and agreed to by the Oity Corpor ation. The traffic oa the Gippsland lino has hitherto been conducted wholly with tho Phoenix locomotives, of Ballarat manufac ture. An Inexplicable case of poisoning ronsed muoh excitement in Prahran on Saturday. Two men, named Parsons and Bnsb.oame into Prahran on a visit to Bush's relatives in Ghapel street, and a bottle of ale was obtained from a grocery stare. Glass fuls were poared out, and tho visitors sipped each about sb much as would fill a wine- glass, when they noticed a bitter taste, and refrained from taking more. It was well they did so, for almost immediately they wero seized with pains in various parts of the body, and all the Bymptoms of poison. Medical assistance was procured, aud arrangements made to send them to the Alfred Hospital, through their becoming very ill indeed. One of them, attempting to walk, fell flat on tho pavement. After treatment at the hospital, they gradually came round, and went home, still ' _ enfeebled. Had ono of thom drunk a whole glass of tho beer he would assuredly have been dead in a few minutes. Tho bottle, with its remaining contents, was impounded by the police, and will bo sent for analysis. Of curse there is not time yet for suoli to be made, but all the symptoms wore of strychnine poisoning. The virulence of the poison may bo guessed when the fact is men tioned that the bottle remains nearly full. Peter Walsh, a one-legged man, known as a public trapeze performer, was had up iu tha City Court this morning for threatening language to his wife, a Maori, who earns her living by wire- rope walking, and singing and dancing, The parties had been separated for three years, having boon marriediive. Walsh ceme into town from the country, and, going to tho place where his wife acted, made use of violent threats, because she declined to live with him. Ho made some complaints to the bench about hor detaining bis properties" and picture blocks for wail display. Tho bench discharged him, on promising that ho would not molost his wife any more, and would loavo Melbourne after performing some star engagements on Now Year'sDay, '' The serious charge of personating a constable was laid against one John Bagoall at the City Court to-day. It was a drunken freak, prisoner being a hardworking individual. He made the false representation to sevoral poi-pie. In ono ease he oven wont to a house to nrrest a man for beating his wife, the latter having mado the complaint to him. He a'ao bi-rrowed Is 3d from a party, on the represen- ta'ion that he was a plain-olothes constable. The bench discharged him with a severe caution. Tho Roderlok Dhn, ship, which arrived this morning, had shipped on board for Melbourne four nhorthorna and twelvo Lincolnshire slieop, ah of which are consigned by Messrs M'Ewan a d Co. to Mr W. M'Oullooh. of Glenroy, Melbourne. The lineago of the shorthorns will bear the olosest inspection. The eldest is Lady Blanche Nonsuch, by Nobility (2G.DG5), a fino five year - old cow, which, as her name implies, unites tho Blanche and Nonsuch Btroins. But a far more valuable one is Fuchsia's Duchess 2nd. which is a year younger, and wai purohnsed for 400 guineas at Mr Larking's sale Inst year. The other two aro two-year-old hnifera from the herd of Mr E. Biwley, of Siddingtdn — Minstrel 10th, by 3rd Duke of Clarence (23.727), nnd from Musical 7tli, by 7ih Duke of York (17,754) ; and Lady Weston 3rd, by Beau of Oxford 2nd (33,129), and from Quaen of WeBton 3rd, by Cherry Fawaley (30,711). I The sheep consist of two magnificent rams, jbred by Mr Henry Smith, of Cropwell Batler, Nottingham, and Mr R. Wright, _ of Noctou Heath, both of which have taken distinguished show-yard honors in tbo past season ; and 10 shearling, owes, selected from tbo flosks of Messrs W. and H. Dnddtug, Panton Ijoune ; ' sir J. Torr, M.P., Aylesby Manor ; and jjMr Aithur Gnrfit, of Scothern. All are' good specimens of tho improved Lincolnshire long- woolledbred. A man named Robert M'Grcgor, a lijmper, aged about 50 years, was charged at the Hotbam Police Court to-day, with having attempted to commit suicide. On the 9th instant tho police were infiirmed that the prisoner, who lived /in a right of -way off Queentberry street, bad cat bis throat with a razor, and onl thoir going to the house tboy found the prisoner lying on the floor in a pool of blooil, and having a cut in his throat ahd a razorjbesidc him. He was at once removed to the Mel bourne Hospital, where ho remained f -r a week, and was successfully treated. The prisoner was remanded for a fortnight. George Crcen, an elderly man, of resfectabl appearance, was charged, at the Citj Court to day, with attempting to rob the till: at the Excelsior Restaurant, Swaneton streei. The mistress of the place caught .Mm in the act. It was done in a (clumsy manner, and the prisoner appeared to he fuddled with drink. He took jLliout 9 Gd. Mr Read, for the defonce, said that the prisoner was a Bawyer, and bore a good cha racter. He had acted while iu an oblivious state through drink. Doteotive Duncan, however, gave evidence that the prisoner had been committed, under the name of Davis, for shoplifting and picking pockets. Sergeant Dalton gave him a bad character too, uudor the name of "Daft Davis." The Bench sen tenced him to three months. , ' During the month the clearance! for Lon don have comprised three steamers! and four Bailing vessels, registering a gross tonnage of .11,270 tons, and they have taken 27,510 tons, 'comprising bales of wool and other colonial produce. Messrs Do Beer and Company show the number as follows : — Sfcratlilevej, s. 15SS ; Cuzco, s. 2439 ; Hankow, e. 2332 ; Morinerus, 1071 ; Superb, 1451 ; Langatone, I7G1 ; and Lincolnshire, 1025. The home'-losjling berth is at present occupied by fourteen Bhips, registeiing 30,714 tons at Melbourne ; 'and at Get-long, threo ships, registering 3GS9 tons. The Cuzco took 178G bales ; Hankow, 3300 ; Strathleven, 221G: Mormorus, 81.25; Superb, G08G ; Langatone, 361G ; and the Lincolnshire, 22S1. The business at the Frahran Police Court this moraine was confined to three drunkards, two connubial difficulties, and two effeots of tho snme iu the shape of a couple ofueglooted children. With reference to the condemned man Rngaii, our Sydney correspondent stites— " It is likely "some efforts will bo mads to rescue him from the gallows, ono pica bring urgsd that lie lias never before been convicted of crime." Wo aro informed on Tory good authority that this quite erroneous! A short time ago Rogan's likeiioss was forwarded to the authorities at Pentridge, white it was identified by several of the officials ns that of a man who had 5'served ' two sen tences, and was at ono time employed in the factory at a spinniug machine, the last sentence he served being two years and a half. It appears, from our Informatioji, that pri soners undergoing sentences of less than three years eser.pe being -photographed, otherwise his likeness would have been in the prison albnm ; all over three years' sentences have their portraits tnken after being shared and in the prison clothing, and again on lonving the establishment in their private clothes. The members of tho Carlton District Band (Mr Leyden's) held their third annual picnic . on Saturday last at Heidelberg. , The atten dance was numerous, and the j various sports were entered into with great zest. The party rctarnc-d to town, after having spent a most enjoyable day,' about ten o clock in the even- ing. | A cane illustrative of the depths to which a man addicted to drick may fall was given in the Fitzroy Court this morning, when a miser able, unkempt man named James Stanley, was brought up on a charge of vagrancy. Tho arresting constable stated that he had found him wandering about in a helpless state of intoxica tion in North Fitzroy. Upon tjeiug questioned, the unfortunate wretch could give no satisfac tory account of himself, aud, "ho was accord ingly locked up. When before th?( court this morning be stated to the bench tlint although his appearance gave no indicition of it, he wne a professional mtin, being a doctor and an an- dergradunte. This, he sail, was his first ChriBtmns in Australia, and begged the bench, by discharging him, ; to give him an opportnnity of improving his con dition. He had, he said, the pffer of a passage homo in return for his services as a medicnl man on the voyage. The appeal might have been successful! were it not for the fact that Mr Evans, to whom Stanley had qnce before told the s&mo; story, was on the bench. In order to givodlhe unfortunate wretch an opportunity of Fain g thoroughly cleansed, he was sent to gaol fur six months, the bench saying that on his discburge he would probably bo in a more fit oonditlon to avail himself of a passage home. Says the Colae Reformer The following true story concerning a testimonial may not bo without interest to those, of oar readers who do not know how such things are worked. A certain M.L.A,, who represents a Western constituency, held a meeting on Sunday night,! Idth December, to(inqaire what had became of a certain long-promised testimonial which had been dangled beforo the noses of bis oonstituonts for more than a year, 'It would be j of tjie greatest service to mo now,' qnotb he, when tho meeting was ready, and the prosident, vice- president, committee, sub-committee, treasurer, deputy-treasurer, honorary secretary, assistant honorary secretary, and the rest of tus officials in charge of the mighty fund had assembled, to the number of six in all. 'It would help mo immensely, my dear friends, and oh vate me in the eyes of my constituents and tl e publio. At this important juncture, when my politica cirrer ie at a crisis, and my power of giving J. F. ships and land- bailiifships is trembling and tumbling) a handsome testimonial would right mo entirely.' 'Preoisely,' rtispajded tho wholesix in a breath, 'But jvbere'e the, roi<j»"A to come from?. These things- artViisua'ly arranged. When thepubljo docs'not- Aabvup, the recipient does. Vop'iyOa kriow.tha name' of the only subscriber -td lift jMiraini testi- I .. V ' : ' " I . I . moninl ?' 1 shot once, sir, fivean£- twenty years ago, for leea than you have said now,' thundered the enraged legislator, 'and I'd have you to know that there is a proper way of doing theso things. Nothing of any value a? a tes timonial cau be got for th« £2 17s. 0d. in hand, even with the £30 promised in the back ground. But you, my dear Mr. Jaypee, will fcurely- guarantee £20, as for favours received, ai d if Messrs. A, B, and O, now absent, do the sumo thinu, something good can ba done. BceitW', you can bring pressure to boar upon your employee and make them subscribe, as fattcrcoii does, when howunls an address or an album.' It will bo hardly credited tht the gentleman addressed indlgnautly left the room, declaring that he would see tho hon. member in Paris first — only he did not say Paris but. another place — and A, B, and O in timated that the testimonial might bo— ex-" pected. And it has not come off yet, and ie not likely to do so, until after a mysterious admirer who lives wit hin hall of Williams- road, Windsor, sends the cheque to break the spell-" The Forbes Times contains the following "A gentleman who came tip from -tho Lower Lncblan by coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst tho passengers was a yornij man, 22 years of age, who was constantly making uso of the most blasphemous languago, very much to tho annoyance of his fellow travellers. Upon being reproved and questioned as to why he made use of such terms so irreverently he seemed a ur prided, and ultimately admitted that he only know the word? 'God,' 'Jesus Christ,' 1 Holy Ghost,' terms too commonly used in profane swearing. He did not know who made bim, had not tho remotest idea of a Suprfine Being, and in faot evinced the arkest ignoiauce on all such matters." Satur day's Avoca Free Press swjb : — , Though y no means on adequate reward for the ourageous behaviour of Constable Monk when ndeavouring to arrest the ruffian who shot him down at Avoca recently, wo aro pleased to learn that the Government has recognised his bravery to tho extent of a gratuity of L20, which was forwarded to Constable Monk by yesterday's post," Considerable dissatisfaction is expressed by a number of the ratepayers of Brunswick at tho action of the local council regarding tho foundation of a fire brigade, which is urgently required in the district. A public meeting wuaheldsometiimeback,nndncoiumitbeoappnin- ted consisting of members of the council and in tending members of the brigade. A limited number of members was selected, Councillor Leithend was elected captain, and the establishment of a brigade " wai looked upon as fairly started. The council voted a sum of L50, aud C-iptaiu Leithend was directed' by the members to select a reel, hose, and other requisite appli ances. For some unhnown reason, the amount voted by the council has not been paid, and the whole affair remains in statu quo, much to the chagrin of the brigade, who con aider they have been insulted by the council, some of whom think that before the L50 is handed over the members of the brigade should canva r the district for subscriptions towards the object. On the other hand tho members maintain that they would ?tbe in a bftter position to ask for Mibscriptions if the LaO was received from the Council, and the necessary appliances obtained as tar as that amount would go. The necessity for the immediate formation of a fire brigade was instanced lest week, when two cottages were totally dtetroyed by fire, aud a few nights previous to that, a very narrow escape from conflagration occurred. The great attraction at the Opera House on . Saturday night was, of course, the scenery, as, from the taste the public have already been afforded of Mr Gordon's quality, somethiug very excellent was expected. That gentleman has not disappointed the public, as the t enthusiastic applause of a large audionce bufficuntly attested. The piece itself, .Robin son Crusoe, went better than ever, and was at times painfully funny, whilo at others what ladies would call " too awfully sweet. " The piot of nttrrtction is of couso &lr; Roberts, whose Mis Crusoe must be seen— not described. It is enough to say that his rare comic powers, uhitsd'to his singularly fino aud flexible voice, m?ko his impersonation a rare treat. He is ably eupporbed in every lino. Our old favorite, Mhs Maggie Knight, has gained in style aud vivacity since her last appearance in Melbourne, and . sings with a clear, swo-jt voice in an artless stylo that is tho perfection of art. Miss Ferrara has boan cast for an unsuitable part, which she battles with suc cessfully, and looks amiable under tbe painful process. Misb Alma Sutou was a charming Crusoe, and Miss Lemore, ah his sweetheart, justified his pre for© t.ao by that elegant giiMplioit.y of utage Raring nndablo management of a sweet Jew voice whfen mado her such a favourite in the Serious Fuimly. The pantomime is now mont mirth-provoking, and not too long, and will doubtless will bo a great favorite for a long season. The Forlorn Hope at the People's Theatre moat become a success of no ouimon ordvr. It is seldom that a piece has been produced containing as many eUments of success,' and yet failing in tho carrying out of none. Ths piece bristles with smart dialogue, floe scsnory, Wtll arrayed tableaux, and strikiug situations, and is played with remarkable BteadinesB and evenness. MUs Watt-Tanner evinced more than her usual pood taste aud feding, and MLs Major and Miss Htthaway ably filled their respective parts. Mr Elliot was the model of the gallant English officer, of whom Punch said that "They could' da-ance y« u know, and by Jov« they,)could fight too." Mt-ssrs Herndon and Rusiell wero excellent in their respective pjrts ami Mr Appletou was as he always ie, perfect. Mr Darrell, as Colonel St-ymour, a native-born Australian, played his part admirably, Mr Harry Power was well greeted as tbo Leary Larrikin— right at bottom; and certainly n"t least, Mr John Bryan as a stately and somewhat obese policcmau, provoked great laughter and presented a most ludicrous likeness of a well-known and de servedly popular member of theforce.The piece cannot fad to become a great favoritQ and en- j» a lengthy run. The Theatre Royal pantomime was well atten led on Saturday night, aud tho scenery and mountings were the theme of universal admiration. The fern-leaf ballet too came in for a large sbpro of public admiration. Tho pantomime itself, as a vehicle- for tho scenery, answers its purpose admirably ; and tue sprightly gaiety of Puck (Miss Foley), the singing of Titania (Miss Wooldridge), the p otty acting of the Dampior Diamonds, as thoy are now ttyled, with the comicalities of M.csirs Gruville and Daniels, leave little to bo desired. The sea fight and the evolutions of the tiny snilors in the miniature Cer berus are rendered with an atten tion to dttail -that shows the amount of Intelligent, painstaking instruction that muet have been bestowed upon them- The usually somewhat rtupid fun of a harlequinade in r» deemed from its usual imbecility by the clever tricks invented by Mr Holt, who is not only a first-class clown, but undoubtedly a stage mecbar.ist and inventor of no common merit. The premier Victorian theatre woU sustains its credit, At the Academy of Music, the pantomime ti Cindorolla gains in public favor. Miss Jenny Bryce is as loveable a young prince from a fairy tale point of view as ono could wish to see, and Cinderella herself, in the person of Mr Thome, manages in a raysteri- ous manner to look attractive, and yet to be singnlarly funny. Miss Morelle, ns a swell of the /period, dresses aud acta well, and is a handsome swell forsooth, Mrs Ryan has surpassed heraelf in her make-up, "clever as this lady is. Nothing 'could be bettor con ceived or worked out than her appcnrnnce and acting. The Queeu Butterfly 'and Bjq deserve notice, Oily Herring Ib, both figura tively and literally, immense. Mr Hans Phil lips crawls about as the Bpiderest of spiders, and the whole of the performers do exceedingly well and please the audience very thoroughlv. A pretty transformation scene, that is tasteful, elegant, and not wearisome, concludes a finished performance, which well Buits the brilliant little Bijou. S , George's Hull was crowded on Saturday night. It wonld bo impossible to »ay more in favor of this company save that as the season advances the performances seem steadily to Improve. Their career in Melbourne mast be a moat euoceaaful. one to judge from their crowdeaftiidl|nce8. TheU;S; Minntrels are, to no one's astonish ment, continuing to draw large audiences. The perfeotion with which they render muuo of the bnrntfoork school, both sentimental and comic, ad the extreme drollery of thiir farces, fully account for this. Such a list of /names, with Frank Weston as a leader, cannot fail to bo attractive. Wo arefrestlesB set of beings; and, as we are JikelytoJspntinuoBoto thoond of tho world, the best Ave can do in it is to make tho same " \icvbiy fliPt of our character which wise men do ortferj bad propensities ; when thoy i tm< i fchpycan'rit conquer them, they endeavor, lj t loost. to divert them into good channels, — [?] 