-S' UPEIIJTa ri , ..a" SOU AN, E. USTORS." The l eov. E. J. Watkin lectured In the WVesleyell Church last evening on " T'lh Supertlitilons of our Ainestors.'" There was e nllnrOlllu attendanlO, alld thle Rev. J. J. IVatford presiode. The foulluwIug Ia nn outline ofthelo lectulre, A Superstition in the striet selnse of the word was a false religious belieft hut in Its pnpular meaning It iecait any absurd belief. Tllere was no doubt that maly of the nsuper. stitlons whlich are but entirely extinct even nowt are relics of the relltlous beliefs of our Britlsh, Roman, SBeanolinarvill, Blxon, and Norman uncentors. Our furofltthurs hiiId su terstitlons niut health and dliense, birlthls, marrilagels, death., funerals, gllsht, fairies, Wltleles, mnloerl wells Snid reUks, tlhe rmajrity of r e l were deorading i h their Ifluetlree. A very Iargo claas if supertl. tlUnis referred t, lucky stll unlucky days. There were days on which it was thought to tie nltulcky to It e here, to lie Ilalllrlel to cor-. Olilluu ilat enterl,rseo into t out onl a vouyne. Fron tahe day of the week oil whih it child was bori, the cillarr telr Lof it life wias IIp. posed to be hletdiscd. 'Terae were supert stitlone Iabout New Yeatr's D.t, suild Goo trldy, w . Dl.y, aniii il Allilnutnrlle's re, Alother lnrgo class oef ulorstitions, whlch addiotl not a little to tihe stock of hIaitaiR imoisery wore tlrso In aotillloutiol withr omeons. ''he tilre ol tie dlay ii whichl a eraei stioezodl. thle dlirection iii wiulil his he:ad weot whlen hie soeeodl, iiiuatlitl for tuii or tinisfurtuue. TIle breakiig of a lookitln-glas, the sight el the inew I Oill oil the left-laud ait L ei tunmblissng goiii down. stairs, tiic ertaklig of a raven over a ilousoe, mieetlng a hAre a inll tlhat lauioteil, or a barefooted woman, a parson or t priest, early in thao IlatC illu g wore signs of Iplllg nei?lortlte. ''hiero wore sipoerutluua is leforohco to llulstls adit birds. The first bittlully sues ii early saletio Istunt be killet, Or tle poreon0 whlo, sw n wouiil have iie ilteue. Ilecs hoil o I ie told wlhoi there wan a ileath ll i tile ieiisuhlolt, or they wuolhl leavo their hlives. A it )borof Iil?lfiea sicu 0 ot otloer iliulntel eiiniig ec'eitn. lie wciti hii in tliil nlty Iii till lioe bekot Wheon ie first lnrdt tile uolukou Woulll Io ltllfOrtliltato Iltll ti rest of the year. It w ar lucky lio Iliad a pi tle iti trulh e stli rf - olly a horse lhoo, to tick uip save lour. laeaed grne.i It l*'a5 i iiluckiy tio huti a kilfe, or to hveo .rnny euttinlug iy trut,, pro: soeitnt tl yoi. Certali Iltilli+ets Were lu ii. (hlerdl fuortltaiitol tile rule wao tl?at torun was look in odhd numbers, but tllat rule had its exeaption, for many wonld not sit dnwu at a toallo at which thereowoul be js, tai"" ten present. The looturer then referra thir our utleestora belief in fairies, and brontroii andll' bogie, and gavo some of the fairy taoie which our granl-larents useod to tell In those poluts of Great Britain t where them? s.ere largeo loilors s..attred eover plainr deep goargis, vast oycligenn sets?or , there our anecstr h bthovedu tte' giaets dwelt 'Tlle iamse fgivel ti, rentarkialloe fIrmstioe1 of rook, as oile Giawtl'd Ua ssW.yl I)ijue111 lable Castle; &e.;, sholawl how a belief ia giants antce cxisted. Onur furatlihra ohe lieved in mrnt an lri T" ,ree. taer qllotedl olneo aeIlneiag tales that were told in the Sietleurl Islaals and parts of Entgland albnt intervilews (lit tnsn had with mermaids Reference was than made to thle eolif of outr aecestors in withemraft Divinoe like Iliahop ,elowell aid lIlRthard Baxter. monarche like .Poiee I, jndges ike Sir t. h.ale firmly believed in wiZards, nil witches. A Scotch biseop,; Patrick Adate.. son, took smine potien hrowed by a witch is orlotr tiat his disoease mi ltt leave him and ge into oeo of his heroos. Ilesapplosedl Itowers tf tie witches Were dlesorioldo tdhey could ride tlroluht tht air oil breonm-sticks or In rilldte, caull cross the Atlantie in an ego. shell, could raise atontil-, ruinl crops ? l?t disealears, &c.; I'ho evi,lence gtsen sill1itl t "ritclls Inl iatlielit Sf,!listiillicts at law was described, Ie 1730 thle poenll,.a galinrlt witelcnrafa wts r'eil.tle'el Irant the ilatute Baook, but it belieft i wltcheraats stlil txisll in sonme rival parts of Einglnd. At Ronet Iletgtil Ihe lecttrer referred ti t e" belief it glits and aillui Ital llesea. Esery churcli'ard hlul l tia I lats g , eivery moor its coast, spectral eonher daltsred tlotg tfle highway, ladies in while Iere seen ridillng e ll tie mnoor, d'E. Gllost storlnel ted to be told ' by the firealdo tuntil tie bleo eIf children' and young people raun cll. WIhile not pre. pared to assert that appnrlll?tos had tneer appeared to mene, tile lecturer held ilthattuchh appiartions hait been very rare, and that tle Iaasjritty of ghest stories were aeeq by some whllolse lerrous excittement led (Item to sei tihe supernatural when thiere w:o only the' natural. A numbeisr of nltlilnlg cases Were girven in which whlat ,would haelil been tlrlillie cilliut stories warscdleovered' to have nothing of tihe auporernlral aoute them. olferenotce was'"tlado to drtmaits.l, 'r m lecturer thoughtL ttat seee'dteors hhivo a mellaning, and gavre a remarkable illnstra tiont of the way in whiolh a party of eini. grants crossin g the IRockyM\lountails, were Atowodet in, and were il ldallgobr of starvation, thetn they wro re rsoed by a perscn who'" twice Ilt tile onia ni?tht tlnoatmt that he saw them tntOwed inll atolitng tie mountainsaaa . travelled 150 miles ill order to rescusae them. WVlhore our anlceators were sepersiitious was lnl thittkin?t that every dream hait its emean ilg. The lectutror referredt to diseaseansel their ures. .OGroat virtue was thoughtto. ctist in the touch of the haml of one who btilli broen hung int parts of the rope with' which ia person htad boon hung: ia charmi being spoken to stanch blood, ta remove pilaii canoed iby burning or sealding, 8&o.; The sauporatitions of ouraneostoreabout miuoral wells, and the effect which theb water of certtin wells had were dlscussed. Sotithlly's Ilhilald' on the well of St?Keyne was quoted; tiae water of that well alid this mttiarvellonis prolperty, wlloever drank of it first, whether hulltaillnd lor wife, was tlmster evrr itfter. Thile lecturer concloded by ity. Itg that while saoei of thtese sapersUttltna were ilharmlesl, lt.tst of them were harmful, they were founded on mllstaken views ofat God' prlovidence and tile laws of nature, they tarkened nutlity a lie, and gave additional terrors to dealt. IL was matter for con gratulation that clildren itt Australia were not terrified sa children were in llrlthlo by tales of " ghosts and giants, brownies, bhal lthees, anti warlocks, antd we mn y hope that our children's elildren will be entirely erancielpatel from the "tuperntitlaon which ealasved our ancestors." Tihe promeedlngs closed with a vole of thaarks to the lecturer, proposed by theRev. W. Traster, and seconrded by Mr. lalmon. 