JMiwsfmente. ENGLISH OPERA. THE BELLS OF CORNEVTLLE. The announcement of the opening of the Theatre Boyal on Saturday evening for the performance of the English version of "Lea Cloches de Corneville*' was the signal for a great gathering of the playgoing community. The house was crowded from the footlights to the highest seats in the gallery. It was truly a gay and fashionable assembly. We give the following outline of the work:— An old nobleman, having been proscribed, has fled his native country, leaving his property in charge of an unjnst steward, and his child to be reared in ignorance of her station. Ser folette is a foundling, who has been brought up by Father Gaspard in rustic simplicity, whiist Germaine, his niece, has been well educated. The latter he intends to marry to the Bailie of Corneville, a pompous silly old fellow, whom ho is desirous of securing in furtherance of his own interests. An understood good feeling exists between Germaine and Greni cbeux, a good-looking young idler about the place, because the gill is under the impression that Grenicheux rescued her from drowning. Grenicheux, however, only cares for her for her money, and really loves Serfolette. At the moment when Grenicheux is endeavouring to persuade Germaine to jilt the Bailie and marry liim the Marquis de Corneville appears on the scene. He has once previously paid a visit to iiib ancestral place, upon wbicb occasion be saved Germaine from a watery grave and placed her insensible in the arms of Grenicheur, who happened to be near at hand. The Marquis, who is incognito, now falls in love with Germaine and after a furious quarrel with Gaspard, she and Greaicheux enter the service of the Marquis. In the second act the Marquis makes himself known to the Bailie while making a tour of inspection with his followers through the old chateau, which has long been reputed to be haunted. The party come upon evidences of recent occupation, and find some old papers, amongst which is a letter from the Count de Lucenay committing his infant daughter, Clement Lncienne, with money, to the care of Father Gaspard. Serfolette pieces the evidence together and declares that she must he the lady in question. As it is evident that some one has . only recently been about the place the Marquis conceals his party to .lie in wait for the tres passer. Old Gaspard -enters exulting in being able to gise the old .chateau as the hiding place for his ill - ^gotten riches. It is he .who has personated the ghost ■at the windows and scared the villagers with mysterious noises. Whilst gloating over his money-bag the bells of Corneville chime out, and the Marquis and his followers discover themselves, which so terrifies the miser that he becomes mad, and the curtain falls on the fulfil ment of the prophecy that tfu? bells of Corneville shall riDg out when the heir to the estate enjoys his own. In the third ac.f Gaspard is led by artful means to the disclosure of his disr honesty with regard to the estate and the parentage of Germaine, who proves to jbeClement Ludenne, Countess of Bueentiy. The Afarquis marries her, and Serfolette bestows herself on Grenicheux, the miser repents, recovers his reason, and everything ends happily. The following was the cast of the characters:— Serpolette, Miss Olara Thompson; Germaine, Miss E. A. Lambert; Nanette, Miss Bessie Royal; Snsanne, Miss Violette Childs; Marguerite, Mies TJ. Brooks; Gertrode, Miaa Theresa Clifton; Catherine, Miss Mabel Smith; Jeanne, Miss Blanche Leopold; Henri (Marquis de Corneville), Mr. John de Forde; Gaspar, an old miser, Mr. 0. H. Templeton; the Bailie, Mr. George Leopold ; Grenicheaux, Mr. Henry Bracv; Go bo, Mr. G. A. Johnson; Christophe, Miss Florence Slater. The performance was a decided snccess. Two or three of the pieces were encored, the principal characters were several times recalled, and the applause was hearty, frequent, genuine, and enthusiastic. The opera selected for the opening was in several respects judicionsly chosen. The company cannot be said to have a prima donna in the sense of a vocalist whose accomplish ments transcend in any marked degree the rest of the artistes, and in like manner the librettist has not placed his heroine conspicuously in the foreground to the exclusion of his other cha racters. He has not attempted to attract atten tion by concentrating the light to a dazzling focus. It is diffusive as the daylight. The interest of the audience is well sustained throughout, and each of the dramatis persona in turn is the centre of attraction, and " the observed of all observers." "We fancy, however, that most of the audience who witnessed the piece for the first time must have been rather perplexed with the intricacies of the plot. The incidents are too numerous, the grouping of the figures is too crowded, and the accessories are too remotely connected with the main design to present the subject distinctly before them as a united, intelligible, and con sistent whole. "We have no doubt, however, but that a repetition of the opera will tend very much to disperse this obscurity. The music is decidedly of the French opera bouffe school—qnite Offenbachian. It is diver sified with a good deal of spoken dialogue, without which even the charms of high-class music often become comparatively monotonous, just as the eye becomes partially insensible to the colour upon which it has long fixed its gaze. The music itself is for the most part of a light dashing character. The composer seems to have adjured the melodic phrases and graceful em bodiments of ideal beauty which characterize the productions of the great writers for the lyric stage. In his aims at originality he appears to have lost in elegance what he has attempted to gain in variety. The melodies are often abruptly broken off by semi-recitative, or lost in a rush of instrumentation. There are, how ever, some passages of sterling excellence, which we imagine the most trained and judicious musical connoisseur woHld listen to with delight. Two or three of the chornses also, especially those of the second act, rise high above the ordinary level of mediocrity, reminding one of some of Donizetti's scores. Miss Clara Thompson made her debut before an Adelaide audience on this occasion. As a vocalist she does. not claim to rank very high in her profession. Her voice is sweet rather than powerful. It is light, flexible, of consider able compass, and appears to have been well trained. But the role allotted to her on Satnr day night does not afford her many opportunities for the display of her vocal accomplishments or the introduction of embellishments of any marked character. As an actress her forte appears to be in the delineation of whatever is fanciful, outre, or extravagantly amusing. She seems thoroughly to enjoy the pertraval of that which pleases her auditory, and to enter con amove into the spirit aud design of the composer. Miss Lambert is very well known here as an actress and vocalist. She excelled in both on Saturday night, and fairly divided the honours with Miss Thompson in each capacity. Her render ing of the " Legend of the Bells" was warmly encored. The accompanying chorus being, quite a novelty of its kind, contributed probably its full share in bringing about that result. Mr. Henry Bracy also made his first appear ance. He is gifted with a melodious tenor voice, not of that robnst, trumpet - tened character that is sometimes heard overpowering a whole orchestra of strings and reeds, but yet of a plessing, sympathetic kind, which we should think would in a more favourable role soon secure for him the reputation of a leading artist. In concluding this notice we must accord to Mr. Templeton the credit of sustaining the character of the scheming curmudgeon Gaspard to perfection. In the last act especially, wherein the rascally old miser becomes for a time demented, the drivelling imbecility of the haggard wretch was admirably represented with out at all overstepping the modesty of nature. The rest of the characters were very well sus tained. The scenery, especially that of the first act, was very good. The band consisted of about a dozen efficient performers, mostly local men. The number may seem ridiculously small for the orchestra of an opera house, though we are not at all sure that double the number would not produce muck more noise with much less real music. The Theatre itself being small, " quality rather than quantity" is the right sort of thing. It should be mentioned that the third act was prefaced by a pas dc deux of the stereotyped fashion cleverly danced by Signora Bmelia Pasta and Miss Florence Slater, which a large portion of the audience applauded to the echo. The opera was repeated on Monday and Tuesday. Heixeb's Second-sight Tbick.—A contempo rary says:—" Robert Heller, the noted magician and pianist, who died at Philadelphia last No vember, was the son of Mr. Henry Palmer, a highly respected professor of music of good social standing, and was born in Canterbury, England, in the year 1828. "William Henry Palmer, whose nom de guerre was ' Robert Heller,' received a good education at the colle giate school of Professor Stocker, at Boughtou, Kent, and afterwards became a fellow of the Koyal Academy, London. At the age of ten years he was a musical prodigy, and at sixteea he appeared in concert, and had composed several brilliant studies for the pianoforte. His musical career was hindered by his boyish fancy for the illusions of magic—at first a mere recrea tion, afterward an infatuation. His marriage was not a happy one, and he undertook a ' magical' expedition around the world, accom panied by Miss Ada Palmer, his step-sister, and who from that time assisted at his entertain ments as Miss Heller. Mr. Heller leaves a wife and three children, residing in Paris, a married sister in England, and a brother, a lawyer, in Australia. Robert Heller will be remembered for his second-sight trick more than for anything else. That feature of his performances, consisting of the description, by a blindfolded woman on the stage, of articles touched by him in the audience, was not new with him, but he carried it to a greater degree of mystification than any of his predecessors. The late Mr. Anderson and his daughter used to do it cleverly, and many others have tried it with more or less success. The wildest explanatory theories have been gravely advanced, but it is altogether likely that the celebrated French juggler, Robert Houdin, by whom the feat was performed, gave in his autobiography the correct solution. Houdin said that, by a complex system of new meanings for letters, syllables, and words, he was able to tell his confederate on the stage what the articles were while using language that to the audience conveyed no hidden intelligence. That is to say, a language within a language was con structed, so that the question, " What is this ?"* might mean, "This is a gold ring with one stone/' It is easily conceivable that a man or neuer's quick intelligence could, in a dozen years or more of constant practice, elaborate such a sy stem to a wonderful extent, and devise variations—like the touching of a feu pre viously arranged articles without saying any thing—that would mislead a casual observer. One point seemed to prove that he used Houdiu's method. He would never permit anybody but himself to put the questions to the blindfolded woman." Spiritualism Exposed.—"We understand that Professor Baldwin and his daughter, who have been giving very clever expositions of so called spiritualist manifestations in tbe other colonies, will-shortly appear in Adelaide. They will be accompanied by the well-known agent, Mr. T. Kennedy. GlbneisS -Concerts—The fifth of a aeries of free concerts was given by the Concordia Band on -tbe -Glenelg Jetty on Friday evening Febraary U. Tbe weather was delightful, and a cool feeeeze was blowing, the consequence being that the jetty was thronged by residents of Glenelg SiiA visitors from town. Me. Lakbeegah.—We understand that Mr Landergan has withdrawn his resignation as organist at Christcburch, North Adelaide, and intends to remain in Adelaide. Mr. Landergan, it seems, lately received an invitation to return to Christchnrch, New Zealand, in which city be had been a resident for some years prior to coming to Adelaide, and for many reasons he h$d & gpeat inclination fo accept the offer. 