CORRESPON~V EtCE. . LIBERALISM.-ITS RESULTS. TO TIHE EDITOR OF THE GIPPSLAND TIMCS. t Si,--I am one of the majority of the electors who rejoiced in the so- called vic- t tory of the 1lth May, 1877, as resulting e in the downfall of lM'Cullochism, and in I the elevation to power of a government pledged to the settlement of the " burning question" of constitutional reform, and to the suppression of political "deadlocks" for all time to come. The fierce strife of party warfare, and the violent contentions of popular leaders, seemed hushed to rest for a time, and a long time too, in the un limited voting power by the compact ma jority behind the 'l'reasury--leaving a bare quorum on the Opposition side of the House, corners included; and it was gene rally believed that the people's Ministry bad a long lease of power before them. Everything was in their favour. There was a substantial balance in hand on the credit side of the public revenue, the country was fairly prosperous, and its numerous "protected' interests were mnok log steady progress. The selectors were, as a body, contented and moderately suc cessful--they were paying up their rents, and improving their homesteads; and if Victoria was not then ' the working man's paradise," the working man himself was certainly not aware of the goal of his ambition being yet in the future, until AMr Berry exhibited to his gaping vision the ghost of the Oligarchy ! and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen sounded the note of treason in a threat to ship off the Governor to Down. ing- street, as a now obsolete adjunct of British Imperialism. But alas I for the pretended " modera tion" and the fair promises that ushered in the reign of Berryism I Two years and a half of misrule, and what are the results? "The phalanx of fifty behind the Ministry, giving the Government 5D votes in a IIouse of 80, has dwindled to one, and that one the vote of a speechless in ebriate, so overcome by the potential mocha of the Ministerial refreshment room as to have been incapable of stand ing at all (for hte was "propped up I") amoug the 43, whom Mr Berry described at Sandhurst as "standing firm," on the vital question of the whole session, the Ministerial Iteform Bill I The Reform Bill is lost, and after two attempts to get the question settled by Parliament, its author is now about to appeal for " fur ther instructions"' to the very people who placed himit and his party itn power, in order that they might dispose of it once and decisively I But the veneer of "pa triotism" upon which Mr Berry has traded so successfully has worn through, and is at length too thin to deceive anybody. Had he been really sincere in his pro fessed desire for Upper House reform, evidence is not wanting that by concession and fusion, rather that hy keeping asunder political particles, he could have carried through both Houses of the Legislature a reform that would have been acceptable E to the cotuntry, and that consequently would have met the suggestions of the SColonial Ofice. lint the seltlement of the question was not his intention, for then Berry's occupation (like Othello's) would be gone I No, his rttle was to keep the agitation going, and still continue to trade I upon the unpopularity of the Upper SHouse, or, borrowing a hint from the t First Napoleon, "talk patriotism and the rights of the people unceasingly, and you mny practise any despotism you please with perfect success." The failure to effect Reform, however, is only one of the results of Berry mis rule. The handsome surplus of revenue has disappeared, and in its place we have an alarming deficit, and a serious falling off! in the railway returns. These deficiencies will have to be provided for if our credit is to be maintained, and our liabilities I promptly met. Direct taxation, probibi tive customs duties upon machinery and merchandise, and ad valorem imposts upon the necessaries of life, will doubtless go a long way towards making two ends meet, But how long are Victorians to bear the crushing weight of taxation that now oppresses them in order to maintain this or any "party" in power ? As it is, the Crown tenants cannot pay their rents, neither can they borrow upon their hold. logs, the working man is half his time without remunerative employment, and our manufacturers cannot find purchasers for their wares. The grim shadow of Black Wednesday still hangs like a pall over the Civil Service, and extends its baneful influence even beyond it; trade languishes; commerce, in the graphic touch ofa French writer " has no movement" (i.e., begins to be unprofitable the moment it stands still), and Victorian enterprise and energy are well nigh handicapped out of the race with the more fortunate neighbour ing colonies. These in brief are the bitter reflections of a "liberal" and a Berryite-of one who will henceforth join the ranks of the es tranged friends of the present Ministry, leaving Mr Berry to discover-to his cost that his most dangerous foes are the sup porters who trusted him, whose interests he has disregarded, and whose confidence he has betrayed. Yours, etc., FREEHOLDER. Dec. 20th, 1879. 