PARLIAMENT. MINISTERIAL REFORM BILL. . The Assembly plunged intQ the debate on the Reform Bill so soon a's it met on Thursday, and for the first fime the" dis cussion was worthy of the occasion and the subject. The speakers were Messrs. Pearson, and Gillies: Other lion, mem bers were ready to follow, but an adjourn ment of the debate was moved by Major Smith atjulf-past 9 o'clock, in order that the tariff miyht be taken, and-in doing so the hoi), gentleman explained that as a call of the House would be made on Thurs day, tile 25th September, the second read ing would not be taken until then, and lion, members would have ample oppor tunities of addressing themselves to the subject. Professor Pearson's speech took tho House to a great extent by surprise, for it was of a nature that caused the cheei'3, to come principally from the Opposition side. The main use of the present bill he considered would be that it would 'lead to some reasonable pro posal for a compromise from the second Chamber. Some amurcment had been caused on a previous evening by the quota tion of a passage from Professor Pearson's I speech of last session highly condemnatory uf Upper Houses. The hoii. member now said that he adhered to those views, and the rufisoii he gave for believing that the Government proposal would result in fail ure—would wll a thoroughly obstructive and inosponsiblo body in to existence—was very approvingly received by members to the left of the Speaker. The plebiscite 13 a hobby with Professor Pearson, and he believes that though English statesmen do not like it, they would not object to a Re form Bill coining from tha people of Vic toria alone. At, the same time, the hon. gentleman- apparently unconscious of the paradox—went on to tay,that ie would be inadvisable to apply the plebiscite to money bills, because during the excitement conse quent upon sumo MUsUsipi scheme or South Hen bubble, irreparable mischief might be done. The hon. member con cluded by an appeal t<> ihe House not to seek party objects, but to lay the ghost of reform, and Ik> sat down amid a solemn sili-nce on his own side, though soinecheers came from the comers. Mr. Gillies made an effective debating speech. The criticism and the attitude of the Opposition last session were, he contended, justified by the fact that the Government had aban doned their first bill, and substituted another of a very different character. The new bill, Mr. Gillies says, has broken down already, for with the sixth clause taken out there is nothing whatever in it to prevent ilead- lucks. The lion, member quoted from Mr. Berry's memo, to the Governor', after the abortive conference of last year, in wh'ch Mr. Berry declares that he h:is offered the H"?nvegini> schema, a reduction of the franchise, and the dissolution of the two Houses, and has made the oiler in vain. Mr. Gillies say 3 that Mr. Berry, having advanced his foot so far, should not withdraw it. On this basis, and on ! this basis alone, is reform possible. Mr. tiillies kept the attention of a full House for nearly two hours and a half, aud the hon. member was rewarded by his party with warm, applause. 