COUNTRY CORRESPONDENCE. YAM CREEK. (From our own Correspondent.) I2th July. I have the sad duty to record the death of Mr James Scott, which took place at the Shackle at three o’clock on the morning of Wednesday, the 9th inst. Mr Scott was brought into the Miners’ Hospital on the night of the 1st of July, in a state of total insensibility, his feet and legs being stone cold. He remained in a condition of stupor all the next day; on the day following he recovered consciousness, but his mind was completely gone. Although he spoke coherently at times, and recognised those about him, he never rallied or recovered his proper senses. I understand that the deceased was violent at the Union, on Saturday night, and had to be restrained; on the day following he was restless, and insensible to objects around him; in the evening he fell into a state of insensibility, and was no better when he was put into Mr Nash’s waggon. There does not appear to be any traceable cause for this deplorable result, as, from what I can gather, our poor friend Scott had been in fair health till he had a touch of fever on Tuesday, the 26th ultimo. I am assured that he was living temperately and quietly, and that nothing seemed to be the matter with him. Before he was sent away from the Union his symptoms were repeated to the Warden, who telegraphed immediately to the Colonial Surgeon, so that when Mr Nash brought down the patient to the Shackle the medical remedies ordered were at once applied. The Warden believed the case to be hopeless from the first, but everything that could be done was tried to bring back the kindhearted and genial sufferer’s wandering senses, but without avail—the brain had ceased to do its healthy work, and the mind was filled with wild fancies and apprehensions. Now and then he would become coherent and talk affectionately of his father, mother, and brothers, sometimes he prayed with earnestness for the restoration of his health; but, alas, these glimpses of reason did not continue long, and his great desire was to go to the creek and drown himself. He frightened the other patients in the Hospital, and had to be removed for closer watching and safety. As there was no proper room available for the custody of the insane, it may be imagined that the case was one of great anxiety, both to the Warden and Mr Becker (the officer in charge of the police station). One of the chief sources of trouble was with the food prepared for the unfortunate invalid. He believed everything to be poisoned, and all sorts of devices were resorted to in order to get him to eat or drink anything. It was a severe tax on the patience of his volunteer nurses, and I am bound to say that Mr Becker was most kind and attentive throughout the trying time. Poor Scott, in some of his appeals for forgiveness, said “that he had never done much harm to any of his fellow creatures,” and I believe that those who know him will say that he uttered the truth. On Tuesday last, the 8th, the Warden’s nerves were shaken by the arrival of a waggon load of sick men of Dr Browne’s overland stock party. Out of the eight five were “down,” and two of them had to be carried into the house. The hospital being full the invalids put up at Menghinni’s Hotel, where the Warden attended them. I am glad to say that some are already fit to leave, and that the two very bad cases are improving daily. We up-country people, the main stay of the struggling Territory, rejoice exceedingly at the return, of our Phil Saunders, in good health and looking as though he meant business. Ever since he has been away from the Union there was a void in the enterprise of the district which he could only “fill!” —(small joke—see it?)—and now that he is again amongst us our hopes are raised 50 per cent. Phil is the King of Prospectors, and is already prowling about new country, looking with an eagle’s eye for fresh reefs. My present opinion is, that we should not allow Mr Saunders to go kicking up his heels any more in Queensland. We cannot spare him, and if he attempts to roam any more on the “rampage,” we should keep him closely hoppled. I am getting as strong as a lion. Beef at 9d per lb is beginning to tell on my lean carcase, so that in about three mouths’ time I shall be ready to fight any man in the Territory, “weight for age.” We are having cold, cruel cutting winds, that dry up all the marrow in one’s bones. Fever blasts howl through my tumble down cottage, threatening my life both by day and night. How I escape when so many around me are sick and prostrate, seems almost miraculous. I suppose a life of spotless virtue, and moderation in the “square” department, are the predisposing causes. his ALONZO x BROWN. mark UNION. (From our own correspondent.) 14th July. Judge Brewer, in Victoria, used to make it a point to inform pleading barristers who quoted colonial precedents and colonial customs, that the Colonies were too young to have legal precedents or customs. If the colonies are too young for customs, the Northern Territory is decidedly rather youthful for superstition, ghost stories, or haunted houses, but in time we shall have our lares and penates; even now the Union Hotel would seem to have an Aegis connected with it. Its history is not a pleasant one, and those who were personally interested in it, with few exceptions, have not been fortunate. The original owner severed his connection with it very early, and was not supposed to have made much money by the speculation. The man who built it was kicked to death by a horse near the Rum Jungle. The landlord (Mr Ogilvie) died almost while talking to. his customers; his successor was glad to leave it with his skin, for he was a victim to fever as long as he occupied the premises; and Mr Scott had just settled down in his new capacity as a landlord, when he was struck down by serous apoplexy, and died in a few days. Mr Scott’s death has cast a gloom over the Union, and we are gloomy enough at the best. He was a gentleman of great energy and activity, he had capital at his command, and was not afraid to speculate, but, unfortunately, few of his speculations succeeded. He lost money in mining on the Howley six years ago; his Union Machine enterprise, in connection with Messrs Westcott, Johnson, and Gregory, was a failure. He gave it a fair trial, but the plant has been idle for months, and now lies almost worthless— at least, worthless where it is. He tried farming, and employed nigger labour, but he found his farm servants untractable, and in a struggle with one received a dangerous bite on the arm; for some time it was feared that the arm would require to be amputated, but after months of acute suffering the wound healed and no more was thought of it. Singular to say, however, about a week before his death the wound broke out again. He erected a store on the Twelve Mile, and had only commenced business when he was accidentally blown up by gunpowder, and lay for some weeks on the verge of death; he had only thoroughly recovered and started again to work when the population left, and he was obliged to abandon the store and return to the Union. He was determined not to be idle, and at once purchased the Union Hotel; commenced business bravely, promised to be a good landlord and prosperous man of commerce, when the hand of death put an end to all his earthly speculations. The Extended Union is now the attraction, there being something like twenty Europeans engaged on the claim, and a number of Chinamen. The shareholders are not idle in the meantime. They have started storekeeping, and do an extensive business in wholesale and retail butchering. The last fortnight’s cake was only a little over 50 ounces, but then all hands were down with the fever. We have fever every place, and the population can be seen wandering about in great coats and blankets, their principal article of diet being quinine. Some people seem to like and enjoy it; they have been accustomed to it, and begin to look upon it as an indispensable luxury, but, generally speaking, it is not a pleasant companion. However, while the south-east monsoon blows a gale, and the morning chills continue, we need not expect any abatement of the epidemic. Ping Que some time ago purchased No 5 south for £175, and he has now twenty hands employed raising quartz, so that we may shortly again hear the clatter of the stampers. It is to be hoped he will be repaid for his labour, and that his example will be followed by others who have the same facilities for employing cheap labour, because the monotony of idleness is oppressive, and indolence and indifference will seize on our community as a deep sleep, and swallow us up as an earthquake. I am going to write against centralization. I have been asked to do so, and I shall do it. Besides, it suits my interest to have a fair share of public money spent out of Palmerston—on the Union, if possible—but I won’t go in for a new road to the Extended Union via Yam Creek. It may be a very proper road, a useful road, an indispensable road, but it would make the Union play second fiddle to the Weal Margaret, and we won’t play second fiddle to Margaret or any other woman. One good road is as much as we can afford in the Territory, and we have not afforded that yet. There has been some gravel and sticks thrown into the ruts and crossings, and money has been frittered away after a kind of patronising system, but no attempt has been made to form even a small portion of a Government permanent road to the interior. It is a settled matter that we can’t get a railway, although our boys may, and why not make a permanent road. If all the Coolies who chose to work for a pittance were put on to the swamps between the Stapleton and Bridge Creek for a couple of seasons, and a road were constructed above flood level, with the necessary culverts, it would be so much towards the reduction of high prices in the wet season, and it would be so much towards a complete road. I daresay it would be better than expending £8000 in laying out pleasure grounds for the gratification of the perfumed gentry of Palmerston. As it won’t pay for me to go to the indignation meeting at the Shackle, them’s my sentiments, and you can publish my speech in advance. But I won’t go in for a circular new road for the benefit of Yam Creek and Extended Union storekeepers. I don’t think a storekeeper ought to be a newspaper correspondent. However impartial he may be, however independent, however patriotic, however zealous for the public weal, his private weal is possible to bias him sometimes, and when I notice storekeepers becoming the framers of petitions I always surmise there are private commercial interests at bottom. 