Our Story Teller. ONCE A COWARD. I. Continued. Boforo ho had go no two yards—before they even heard him, Barton sunk for tho third iimo, nnd—nil wus over, 1 Sheer physical four, a spasm of uncon querable cowardice which lie lmd novor felt before in his wliolo lifo, nnd which, finding him utterly unprepared for it, completely overmastered tlio man’s entire nature, had in that ono miserable miuuto cost tho lifo of his faithful servant, and darkened his own for over, ‘ There's not much more to toll you. It wns just tho turn of the fide. Within twenty minutes of tho affair, tho waves flung poor Barton’s dead body within roach of tho man who might have tried to snvo his lifo, nnd did not. Tlio peons’ helped him to enrry it up the bank and lay it on the sand-cart, to bring it into town. I bcliovo it was buried decently next day. They told mo so j but boforo then 1 was ill, raving with a sunstroko which—’ ‘You!’ Tho word leaped from my lips in aery of horror. ‘Ducio! you don’t mean that you liuvo told us of—that you woro that—’ Ho turned and looked mo in tho fnco. ' Yes, Trod, I was that man j I, whose pluck people are so fond of praising.’ There wns a dead silence. ■ ■ II. I wish that I could tell you my feelings during tho two minutes Hint followed. I do not bcliovo any audioneo over found them selves in so miserable a position. 13von now when I think of it I feel tho old hot, sick sensation, and I sco the whole picture rising before mo—tho old-fashioned pnnclod room, with tho wot wind rattling at the lingo diamond-puned window, and a pnlo watery moon glimmering between drifting masses of cloud over I,he aneiont elm-trees in the park ; tho red glowing fire in its carved oaken frame; tho tail, graceful figure of the man standing before it in his dark velvet shooting- jacket and muddy leathern gnitors, and with tho pale shadow of irretrievable remorse on his hundsomo fnco ; nnd'tho tall beautiful girl sitting with bent golden head nnd clasped while hands before him, with the scarlet fire light kissing her fair round arms, and lurking in the shimmory folds of her white dross. Can any of you tell me tlio length of timo comprised in ono minute? Sixty seconds? Ho, rather six hundred. It seomed doublo that time to mo that I stood longing for Helen to speak, longing to say something myself, and yet unit bio to find a singlo word between horror at the story and pity for tho man who told it. It wns Ihicio himself who broko that terrible silence at last. Hi3 voico had been harsh and determined before : now it sounded sad, weary, almost appealing. * That is all. I never told any ono boforo. I don’t think I could act in tho same way again; but, God knows; only you see I can not hear other men condemned while I re member—Ho broko off with a sort of gasp, nnd added, hurriedly, ‘ I wish to heaven 1 had never needed to toll yon ; for of course I know what you think of me now.’, He looked at Helen, but she never raised her eyes; and I answered, quickly, ‘ I wish you had not, Ducio. There wns no occnsion ; but I am very sorry for you—from my soul I am, old fellow.’ 1 would liavo given him my hand; but though ho said, ‘Thank you, Fred,’ ns if ho meant it, his eyes never' left Helen’s face. She lmd never moved or looked up once since he began. I feel sure now that she knew from the commencement that ho was speaking of himself; but it wns only when lie said, ‘ I was tho man,’ that her fnco. which had been white to the lips, flushed scarlet, as though tho threatened blow had fallen ; and such a look came over it—a look of ptiiu UYiuUtmtblo, of biUov ahnmo, of Tin conquerable disgust; a look which but lo seo once in the fnco of tlio woman we love might well make tho voice break and tho heart sink as Ducio’s did then. I was still there when lie censed to speak, and she rose up, culm and cold as if nothing hnd been said which could call for comment from her; and simply observing that it must be lime to prepare for dinner, loft tho room without a glance towards eithor_of us. I strode after her, meaning to call her back nnd ask her to say a kind word to Ducic; but she put out her hands with an imploring ges ture, and, turning her face away, run up stairs. When I returned slowly nnd awkwardly to tho library, Ducio also’ hud left it by the other door. I was not sorry. We all met at dinner ns if nothing wns amiss. Mary Jackson and I wore, I think, rather more lively than usual, nnd even Tom made himself so pleasant to Cis Dcvcreux that my denr old lather said it did him good to hear such a clatter of voices. Ducio wns very silent, it is truo, and Helen’s fnco wns colorless as a Guernsey daisy; but she spoke and even smiled whenever appealed to ; nnd none but myself remarked that when Ducio . held the door open for tho Indies after dinner, she drew tho silkon folds of her dress together, and passed him without a glance, ns something too foul for notice. His face was wliitor than hers when he sat down again. Next day wo parted. I, was busy all tho morning over farming accounts, nnd did not know Ducio was going till tlio dog cart was at tho door, and lie cnino in to bid me good-by. Then I saw ho was much agitated, and'I urged him to stay, using Helen’s name, His lips quivered, but ho only said, ‘ I have already scon your cousin. Good by, Fred, and thank you for all your kind Fivo minutes later ho wns gone. I said nothing, but I went to look for Miss Helen, and found her moping in tho library, with a fuco like a ghost, and red rims to her eyes. She mumbled something nbout a headnclio. I waived tho remark loftily, and taxed her with having refused my friend. She reddened, like a rose, and said haughtily, that she had done no such thing, lie had not had tho' presumption to nsk hor. ‘ Presumption !* quotli I,* ‘ and to nsk a littlo vixen 1 Ah, well, you liavo sent him away; and w'hat’s more, you will novor seo lnm again.’ At this sho paled nnd panted a littlo, then .flushed up again, and answofed, ‘ Oh yes, wo shall, nnd quite ns soon ns wo want him, I dnro say. Oh 1 how Can youcai’o lor him ?—tho cruel dastardly— Oh-—’ This.mudo me angry, fori don’t; liko hitting a man when lie’s down; nnd tlio vision of poor Ducio’s handsome, face, with tho hag gard, beaten look on it, ns lie shook his head to all my hospitable hopes of soon seeing him again, rather haunted mo. So I sot myself to bully Melon by-way of retaliation,’told1 hor she wns a proud,, solf-righteous girl, who. didn’t desorvo to bo loved at all; that sho had probubly sent a fino young fellow to tho bad ; that slid had no right to judge any body; that if Dueio hud acted a coward’s part two years ago, lio hadtakon a hero’s last night; that I doubted very much whether she would liavo had tho courage to stand up and blacken herself forovor in tho eyes of any* one she loved; that I couldn’t; and that it wns 'a braver and a noblor deed than saving ton mon’s Would you believe it ? In tho middle of my* nliuso she suddenly bursts into tears, nnd in stead of quarrelling with mo, throws herself into my arms and sobs out, ‘Oil, Fred! so it was. 011 1 I novor thought, of that; aud I told him—-I told him—Oil dear 1 oh dear!’ * '1’ ’ ‘ What1 did you tellhim?’ ■ ‘ I told him I novor .wisliod: to seo him again, becauso, ho could, lioyer do anything bravo, onougli to blot out tho inomory of that dreadful, dreadful day.’ •And what did ho say ?’ *•' 1 ’ ‘ Ho suid, ‘ You novor shall.’ Oil Fred, Fred 1 what shnll I do ?’ ; ‘Do? Write and toll him you are very sorry, and ask' him’ to coino .backuguin’——a picco of eonsiblo ntlvico nt which Miss Helen s|U'ings tip, (lushes away hoi* I cut's, sitys, in- i dignmitly, ‘Thank you, Pred, I have not ! quite lost tny ' self-respect yet, ovon if your l friend 1ms lost liis,’ mid marches off to hor . I tvont bitelc to my accounts, and ilnishod ])nys mid weeks slipped by. Our house wns hardly empty beforo I was off myself on a visit lo the homo of my beloved. ’.L'lion tlio hunting7seuson begun j tho Hull' was nguin ; filled with guests, and in tho constant round of sport, monument, and cxeitomont, I must - confess that the liltlo incidont concerning Ducio’s dopnrture escaped my mind, Neither did I notice tho cliungo in Helen’s looks, and how rapidly she was losing color, llcsb, mid spirits,, till sho looked like tho slindow of her former self. You boo, sho novor lost hor prollinoss j and thon a cortnin litllo maid wus spending her Christmns with us, mid that hr itself wns renson for not being particularly obsorvant of other women’s up pcurnneo. . Wns it tho day beforo Ohristmns-ovo that tho governor (old mo Lord do Lnino,hud, pro posed to Helen nnd been rofitsod ? I think so—I’m not sure. Anyway, it wns that tiny that I first' noticed tho girl’s white fnco, and spoke to hor of Ducic. Hor swcot oyos flushed up instantly, and she answered, ‘ Would you liko to have him hero this Christmas?’. . , , ' ‘ My dear you told him never to come ‘ Then I wns wrong, for it is not my houso’ (hypocritically I) ' ‘ You lire mistress of it, nnd I’ll linvo no friends licro whom tho mistress cannot wol ! Sho blushed up high, put her hnud on my arm,.and said, enthusiastically, 1 ‘ All your friends are wolcomo to mo, Prod. Plcnso writo mid nsk him nt onco.’ I did so. Slinll I over forgot her fueo when tho answer cumo ? Mr Ducio lind sniled for tho Capo threo days beforo, in tho ronl mail steamship Tamar. Wo nil know tho end of that good vessel ;' how she encountered hard weather off tho Azores ; how she sprang u leak which no pumping day and night could bring under; how tho bouts wero hoisted out with just enough seamen to work tho oars, tho passen gers loworod into them ono by ono, women and children first, moil afterward, in perfect discipline and order; nnd how when nil wore full, the enptnin, standing on tho poop-dcck, gavo tlio lust command to pull away out of tbo vortex of tlio sinking ship; nnd tho men in tho bouts, oboying, saw tho gnllnnt vessel, with enptnin, crow, mid officers standing hand' in hand, bravo nnd resolute to tho Inst, settle heavily down into tho deep trough of tlio waves, nnd disappear forever from mortal ken. ' Ah mo ! nil English henrts wero thrilling with tho story in tlioso days. It makes mine aclio now to recall it. The bouts reached tho Azores in safety two days later, without having lost a soul; but it was not for mouths, not till every inquiry had been niado, not till Iliad gone down to South ampton myself, and interrogated tho rescued passengers ono by one, that wo heard how, when tho boats wore all but full, and there wns only ono passenger to descend, ono of the crow cried out in despair, ‘ Oh my little wife and child!’ nnd tho passenger, a tall, dark eyed young man, turned to him nnd said, ‘ Tnko my plneo ; there is no ono belonging to mo nt homo,? nnd hud stood by tho captain's side at tho last moment, nnd waved his hat to his friends in the boats in a cheery good-by. I found out that sailor, nnd ho gave mo a scrap of paper, which ho said tho gentleman had torn from his pocket book and given him as ho went over the side. It was to Helen, and contained these words 1 God bless you. I hnvo earned my right to meet you again—in heaven at lenst.—H. P. Two yenrs later Helen loft us, to kcop that meeting ; nnd when sho wns dead I saw the first smilo on hor pale lips which hud over shone there since sho 6ent her lover away to prove that a man may did a hero’s death, though in life ho has been onco a coward. 