NO LONGER A CHILD-V a new australian story; . Br tuk author of " maria-, " "vhrhohs , yalh," "little mkrot, &o.;, &o.v; chapter xxx. — at last. "Is thatyou, Wilhelm.Hartmann?" exclaimed the postmaster, coming .out to the .read-side, where the young man addressed was just inton ing his horse to the post placed there for tha convenience of customers. " I have, had.a letter for your sister this week past; it came, by the English mail ; will you take .it ?" " Yes, I'll take it," replied Wilbelm, following him into tho store, with a dazed expression ot countenance. A pretty thing indeed if ; that letter has come after ail, he thought, as ho held out his hand to receive it. Yes, it was for his sister, there was no doulit about it. "Miss Lena Hnrtmann." There H was,, in a clear flowing hand. Blie was Mra Johnson now, but that made no difference as the letter was for her, and he reluctantly consigned it to his pocket, while he went on with his..pur- chases. - , . . I "What possible use could this letter be to her I now?" he argued to himself. "Why could not I tho fellow have written in proper time? : Tlio I delay had proved fatal, at any rate. The wills ot I others had proved too strong for littlo Lens, I united to his seeming indifference, and she had I sacrificed herself for nothing,- and1 he questioned whether Robert Johnson was any happier for it. How conld he be, when he must know whole liu wife'b love hod been given long ago? It -was s piece of folly altogether, and nothing good- could come of it." Wilhelm Hartmann mounted his horse, and rode slowly homeward, wishing very much that his bad luck iiad not taken him to the store that afternoon. It would have been almost, belter for her husband to get the letter, he thought, for lie could have done what he liked with .it.- AsiA was he dared not take .the responsibility of dou stroying or even opening it. . Lena was hie sister, but that did not give" him the right to interfere in such matters. It would not do for him to keep it back, and it could do no good to give it to her husband ; it would only mako mis chief between thorn. No, he must contrive to give it into Lena's own hands, when Johnson was absent, and trust to her own. good- sense for . the result. It never occurred to him that there ''was any thing significant in tho appearance of the letter, or that the deep border of black round the enve lope might materially affect its contents. Ho only wished that he was well through the errand, and that no harm might come of it. As it was he did not liko the appearance of his sister ; slio was - very much altered since- her . marriage, though only a few weeks had passed. ' Every atom of color had left her face, which , wan thin and wasted; her pretty round figure no longer existed ; the soft fair curls- had lost m'uch of their elasticity, and he never saw her smile now ; her voice was still sweet and musical,- but thero was a minor key in its melody, very, sad and touching to hear. Little Lena was only the ghost of her former self. ' Johnson had done his best in his rough way to make a pleasant home for hey. It; was not his fault if she did not regard it as such. ...Ho gave her what he could ; she did not expect more, but he certainly had hoped in return to havq won her out of a little of her indifference before this. Ho was passionately fond, of her, and willing to do anything she wanted ; he would never have per- I severed had it not been so, for though /or a tims I he hod more practical motives for .trying .to gain I her, her very opposition increased his., desire. I Now he had conquered every difficulty, .he al- I most felt Hke a man who had cagcd a nightingale I and saw it drooping, fading before bis eyes, pining I for its native woods. I He had arranged a garden round the .honae ; I it had been growing during all the long montbi I he had waited for her. It was completely filled I with flowers, a piece . of mosaic, for there were I great patehes of yellow, and blue, and crimson, and white, belted together with different ahade» of green, perfectly gorgeous in tho sunshine. Johnson knew nothing about flowers, excepting that she liked them, and he was determined that she should have enough of them,- Every' verandah post had its separate creeper ; they had made the house a bowor of beauty, covered up ail its uglf exterior, concealed all its weak points. All be thought of it was that it would he splendidly cool for hot weather, if it was a little gloomy in winter- She would like it, he knew1, and that' wa ' principal matter after all. ' He was decorating his nightingale's. cage, with green, but the bird's soul was ups up, beyond. 'Published by special iuTaogemeuts with tba auUxS- All rfgtita reserroa. -£ena "iicvcf "gathered a flower now; tho vases fare all empty. Vases of gay purple and gold that lie hail bough t: for her stood on the chimney piece. They were never filled. All her own pretty trinkets, with the exception of the little glass basket that had held her moss and violets, wore left behind her. She bad brought none of them away. . All day long whije her husband was away at work she wandered listlessly up and down, or sat |a the shade of the verandah, with her Bible in Jier lap. and some trifle of work in her hand. (There was little enough to do, even if sho had had the strength ; but that was strangely leaving her now. Bertha, her old faithful servant, much S3 she dislike "! the match and tlie master, was with her si - ! ' " ig for her, and working for her, as only lo-. j cjuLI do, and Johnson had at least a comfortable home through his marriage' if not a happy one. .' ' AU this Wilhelm had noticed in his frequent visits to and fro, for he often came to sec his sister, and for her "sake made himself agreeable to her husband. : " The man does Iii3 best to pleaso her, and to liiako her like him," ho thought, "and it's no fault of his that she can't." But with the knowledge of all this the errand he had. to perform was a perplexing one. Still it ought to bo dono, and as he remembered that Johnson was likely to bo absent at some lodge meeting in the township there was nothing to prevent it being done that night. ' He pushed on homeward a little faster for the remembrance. Halfway he met Johnson himself. He saw him comiug in the distance, and for a moment or two deliberated whether he should give him the letter, and throw up tbe responsi bility altogether. But at the last moment he pould not make up his mind. They slightly reined up their horses on pas- sing. " How's Lena ?" asked Wilhelm. It was a cus tomary question now, and yet there seemed no- ' thing positively the matter with her., ' . " Well, she seems drooping like— you. might, go and cheer her up a bit," replied Johnson, scratching his head in perplexity.. ; - - \- "I will," said Wilhelm, " bnt I should tliink you ought -to have a doctor to seo her, -Bob. "- - " -She fan'6-see one ; but. I'D get" FiuIiiie,to ride toym and seejier this evening, and talk her overt- and -he-rode hastily -off. ;il CW . _ | Oh, Pauline ! why had he not thought. of her ? Sho would have been the best one to jnaniage 'thb'" letter. SuBlnoss).!. ":NdwL if'jras uncer tain whether she would come, and he, too, rode forward to bis sister Vliouse. , .. v ; i ' ' He passed li is father's door with a slight glance. -He saw' Maudo looking out of the little rose- framed window of Lena's room, and scowled as he saw her, taking no notice of her ; waving hand. He no longer lived at home now. Etc still worked -rritli and for liis father, bat he had removed all Lis possessions to his own small hut, and was al ready making preparations for enlarging it. There had been no occasion for him to leave ; his stop-motbor aud sisters were only too pleased to have him about; but he chose to have as little to do with them as possible," if only for their treat ment of Lena. ' Past Jits father a door, past the end of the vine yard, to which the coveted strip was now added, and in at the slip panel opening from the road, leading to Johnson's house, with its hack-ground of hill and old fruit trees and young wattles. Ho got off his lioreo, fastening the bridle to the garden gate, for a neat fence ran round the house, V utting in the cluster of sweets from tbe other ; iand, with its gums and blackwoods in park like grouiw, and (oiBurely walked up the narrow path with the flowers brushing him on cither side, and shaking out their dense perfume upon, him. v.' / Ho had been seen— seon evon before he'dntcred the slip panel". Lena.- stood at the.door beneath ' a heavy cfaopjr of jessamine eagerly watching him. Tho ? eagerness was all in her eyes, which were brilliantly" blue, and in the slightly parted lips. Sho went- forward to meet him, holding out her hands as he approached. . .- ".My letter ..111 she , exclaimed, with. a thrill in i Lor voice; which sent a cold shiver all over him'. He dill "hot" know that she hdd even heard thht the English mail was in, and how.could- ehe teU that he had a fettci;Tor her ? ' . . - . ; "Who told you the mail was in, Lena?' V. he said, half terrified by her manner, and wholly by . her appearance. How he wished he had thought of Pauline boforo. , "I know," she answered in a low voice, stiU ! holding out her hand. - -- \- " Weil, - - you were right for once," said Wil- holm, slowly, drawing out the letter, and, for.the first -. time, noticing tlie black border. "I don't suppose it's niuch good though, arid - 1 had my doubts whether I ought tejbring it. 2 ! ; — - "You did right !" alio answered,- turning -her frightened eyes upon him, "as a reproach 'for such a doubt. t -But -she sat (down; just where she stood on the step of the door, turning-the -letter over and over again with trembling hands. - - , "Is it what you expected?" asked he Y brother anxiously. --r -.-?(» She shook hej\kea<L " Not his." I knew, I felt he was dead long ago, but I did so want to know about it." ' Her face was calm, but her fingers trembled ao she Could not ripen the letter. " '"Let me,", said -Wilhelm, wishing over and over again that it was at thd bottom of theJsea, though feeling that now tbe mischief was done the quicker it was finished the 'hottcri " " ' ' "Tho lcttet- aaa miscarried. - He has been dead for months," he continued, glancing at the first lines, and replacing it open in her Hands. " I know," she answered, simply, and "almost pith a smib she added, t; He was .true,. Wil- 'helni. I knew if. Yes, I knew that lie was dead long ago. Mother said so." " Mothersaid-so ?" - - i --- - — - " Yes, just before she died. Do you think," k ahe addod,. a pink spot coming on either check, that-'! would have "married if I had not known that V and crouching down river the letter she riagerly read its contents. Then suddenly shiver- ali over, aud leaning against the verandah the oolor faded away again, even from her and the light from her eyes, and before he now she Had quietly "fainted away. . . Greatly alaxmod, Wilhelm. took her in his arms, and carrying her straight to her room laid her on the bed, shouting fout to Bertlia. " Poor dear ! Poor kinder, kinder ! What have j'on done with the pretty white dove, Mr. Wil helm ?" .exclaimed the "faithful creature, rushing in with wild lamentations. " Oh, it's true, is it I That letter at last ! What bad news has it brought to make her go off like this?" and she opened the window and half emptied a bottle of Eau de Cologne on the marblo brow, and tried to force brandy betwween the rigid lips. " He's dead," said Wilhelm, under his breath. " Soh ! she always said he was ! Thank tho holy "Virgin ! I'm glad of it. Glad she knows it too. Mayho we'U get her round now." Get her round indeed ! Would the life ever again visr that marble face, or unlock those rigid li. In the .i of their arixiety the welcome \- sound of approaching footsteps and a loud coo-ee arrested then attention. " It's Pauline !" said Wilhelm, going eagerly out, a groat sense of relief fall ing upon him. " You were never more needed !" he ex claimed, as he caught her liand at tho threshold of the door, and in a few rapid words told her what had happened. " She has got her deathblow !" said Pauline; brusquely. " Poor little thing ! Johnson's as good as a widower," she continued, in her own blunt way. " Well, it's happier so. She's been pining away so long. You'd best send a man off on your horse for tho doctor, and for Johnson too, I suppose," she added, hesitatingly'. " Well, he certainly lias been kind to her, and deserves some consideration, and he's fond of her." " I had better go myself," said Wilhelm. " No," Baid-Paulinc. " You may be wanted here ; but tcU tho man he must ride hard, if he has never done it in his life before." No life nor motion ! Wilhelm went and paced -up and-down the verandah while the women wore frying every effort at restoration. The letter wa3 still crushed up in his hands as he had picked it up when it fell from Lena's. .What had they said to produce such an effect ? He spread it- open fad read. - \- It was only a brief note from the sister, at the " request of Lindsoy to his darling Lena." He had reached England to die. The very first evening at.his old home the excitement of- meet ing old friends was too much for him. He broke a large blood vessel, and was for a long time be tween life and death. Recovering slightly he had made an effort to -write, hut the effort, and per-1 haps thb thought that he should.' never, see" Her again, was too much. In the very act of writing he had passed away with her name upon liis lips. On the other side of the paper were the words, "J My own darting Lena," In his faltering iliaiid. " A romance and a tragedy in one," muttered Wilhelm. " What a pity she ever saw him." ; He turned in and stood i gloomily ate the bed side, looking on at tho despairing- and fruitless j efforts of tho women. The old clock had never .ticked so slowly or so loudly before, or the mo-. mcnts passed so tardily. \ She was not dead, life was yet feebly beating; for there was a faint pulsation of tho heart, and now fad then a quiver of the bluc-voined lids. " No, she is living still," said Pauline, in an swer to his keen look of inquiry, " but it's my .opinion she's dying, and I wish the doctor would come. Not that he can do any good, but for satisfaction. And I think," sbe added, in a low choked voice, " you ought to call her fatjier." , His father. Yes ; ho had never thought of him, and he turned out towards the slip panel. ' Maude was. standing in the road. " Is there anything the matter at Lena's, Wil; helm?" she- asked. I caught sight of John- eon and the doctor riding along the road like mad." ' ' : £ " Yes," said Wilhelm shortly. " Lena's dying; Send father at once " I White with fear,. Maude. flew in.doors with hi? message, and W llhclm hurried - bhek, entering the house as Johnson - and' tho doctor dashed through the gateway wMch . he had left open for them. - Just the same. No change. The same faint pulsation, a little fainter, perhaps; tho same Blight qulvpriof the eyelids, just a trifle more of the blue visible between the long lashes. - "She is just alive, and that's all," said Pauline, the tears standing in great drop3 in her "eyes. / "Here's the doctor and the master. Praise the holy Virgin, he may not be too late." . : -Pauline shook her hoad-and-stood back.-'as tlie three men entered, and ,thq doctor advanced'with Ja very grave face. '' .. " She's nearly gone, ". were Jus only jvorib ;.as he felt the quivering pulse. _ "Lena ! my wife.! look up J'1 ) -Driri't leave me !-' exclaimed the strong rough 'mfa ' iu- an agony. - ; _ She opened her eyes wide, hat she did not see him. The blue orbs were turrjd, . upwards, and the soft liiis parted in-: a' radiant smile. Then, then, the lids fell softly, lower, lower, lower) and Lena was dead. . fini8. , 