Sketches of Travel in Illa warra. TONGARRA AND ITS MOUNTAIN SCENEEY. THE major portion of Illawarra, aa previously observed, falls roughly into the form of a triangle. The mountain raugo and tho sea coast, although they aro far from being straight lines, may bo taken as the two sides of tho figuro; whilo the base of tho triangle is found in tho lateral spur which shoots forth at right angles from Tongarra to Shellharbour. Tho route hitherto travollod has been by the main road, which commences at ho apex near Coal Cliff, and after traversing the maritime plain between tho mountains and tho TULIMBAR, ON THE MACQUARIE, NEAR TONGAEEAj ILLAWARRA. soo-lut usually much nearer tho latter than tho former-reaches the base line at Albion Park, nearly 40 miles distant from tho ëxtreme northern' point of the district. There still remains for this 'paper, which will conclude the series, à descrip tion of this intersecting mountain tract, together 'with tho exquisitely romantic scenery of tho Ton garra glen. Leaving tho southern rood at the park and turning our back on that pleasant and peaooful village, wo shall follow the oross track and pursue a western course for eight orten miles till wo reach tho great mountain wall and find ourselves in a lonely recess, which a stranger might bo excused for conceiving to be tho "end of tho world." Hoing fairly started on this interesting route and about half a milo of the journey over, the first .object that calls for speoial remark is a group of .three churches, all alone with their glory-tho Anglican and Eomon. Catholic on the left, and the Presbyterian on the right-hand side of tho road. Having worshipped in ono of these chapels, I was ?pleased to observé a really good congregation, evidently composed for the most part of the farm ing population from tho neighbourhood ; but many others, I was given to understand, had come from /glaças far distant. Fatigued they may hávé boen, but thero was no drowsy person there, and a more attentive audience I havo never seen either in town or country. Tho visitor to Illawarra is struck with the nuinbor of churches and schools which meet tho oyo in every quarter of the district, .And it is still more gratifying to bo assured that ' both of these public boons are fully appreciated by the inhabitants. Two or three miles farther ahead is the post . offlco of Tullimbar, constituting the nucleus of what »may yet grow into a village or township. The estate of Fullinibar, from which the place takes its name, is soveral miles distant; but as the post office was granted for the special convenience of the residents of that locality, as circumstances then required, tho same designation was retained. From this part and onward to the end of the jour ney, the views obtained of the surrounding scenery are of the most engaging, not to say transporting, character. On tho left aro the towering heights of the overhanging range, partly cultivated ox covered with exuberant pasture, and partly sterile aa thc naked rock; while on thc right, thc rivulei and tho Macquarie Vale combino to form tho love liest of landscapo pictures. The increasing rugged ness of the route is well repaid by perpetually opening vistas of panoramic beauty, in which th eye is gladdened by refreshing glimpses of thi pebbly torrent with its Arcadian grouping of smil ing homesteads, together with their tilled fields and accompanying acreage of pasture lands recod ing into dense indigenous forests, and tho steej flanks of tho mountain range. Tho artist woulc hore find a scene for Iiis pencil which tho irnagi nation could not easily surpass, and tho labouring poet need sigh ao moro for Mount Parmassus and the Castalian spring. But as wo proceed in oui onward and upward course, tliis rural complexion gradually wears away-the "azure hue" vanishes from tho mountain's brow, and the whole sur roundings assume tho appearance of wild and stem, yet most impressive grandeur. Tho rood, too, seldom travelled, lias succeeded in putting itself on rapport with its environs, for nature at last has asserted her own against the art of man, leaving tho unsatisfied rambler to find his further course as he best can. For all the world this steadily vanishing track rominds tho tourist of what "Washington Irving has recorded of certain Ame rican highways. They commence, says this facetious writer, in the macadamised turnpike, speedily : degenerate into a forest road, then shrink : into a dray track, next dwindle into a bridle path, and finally eventuate in a squirrels rut ' and run up a tree. So this road-, which promised so well on leaving tho "park," has studiously observed a gradual process of deteriora tion until the glen has been readied, wliich place might be reckoned its vanishing point were it not that the ghost of its former self is just seen run ning up the mountain side and pointing away in the direction of the 'VS ingecarribee quarter. Tongarra, in tho more restricted application of the name, comprehends two highly romantic glens which aro separated by a short spur whioh here abuts from the range. In each of these lonely re cesses there is a torrent, clear and cold, leaping headlong down"tho face of the mountains. These two streamlets are tho twin sources of the Mac quarie rivulet, of which the main current is formed by their united waters a short distance below the opening of the glens. Their banks are lined here and there with tho choicest indigenous vegetation, among which is particularly con spicuous tho lili pili, an ornamental shrub which is cultivated in our nurseries, and usually finds a welcome place in lawns and pleasure grounds. Tho bed of the stream .is strong in the extreme, as is often the case with mountain torrents, and the ear refuses to become tired of the music of its murmuring waters. If tho trout could only bo successfully introduced here the rivulet would soon become a favourite resort with enthusiastic anglers. In the upper part of its course, and near the foot of tho mountains, tho stranger will bc surprised to meet with pieces of coal among the Btones of its bed. This is ample proof that the seam so well known in the northern part of the district extends at least so far south. The resi dents sometimes gather these fragments, and use them as fuel, and would, no doubt, turn this natural treasure to more general acpount were it not for tho abundance of dead timber on their farms, which they wish to have burnt off as speedily as possible. The mountains which im pend over these glens are of a very steep and im posing character. Their height cannot be less . than from 12 to 1400 feet, in some places probably i much higher. They are usually precipitous, par I ticularly in the north of Tongarra, where a cir i culor crown of cliff8 stands out with, tho boldest I prominence, forming; a conspicuous landmark for j the greater part of tho maritime plane. These aro well known under the name of the Bong Bongs, and are noted as haring been a favourite rallying point of the blacks in the olden times. Tho summit of the range in this quarter marks thc extreme edge of tho tableland lying beyond, and forais also the eastern boundary of the Wingecarribee district, some of the outermost settlements being plainly visible from tho Illa warra side. Among the strange phenomena of this mountain region one of the most noticeable is the frequency of landslips. These are occasioned by tho almost perpendicular character of many of the flanks and tho abundance of water which seems to be con tained in the internal reservoirs. In wet seasons particularly this pent up element bursts its fetters and eames before it immense masses of earth and stones of many tons weight, and indescribable force and impetuosity. Some time ago one of the most remarkable of these occurrences took place on the Green Mountain, in the rear of a farmhouse, and of all times, during the night when the in mates were asleep. Fortunately the building was protected by a eigantic tree, a truo patriarch of tho forest, which had the effect of diverting the landslip from ita course, thereby saving both the house and the family from destruction. No wood man, as may well be credited, is permitted to touch that tree, which proved a saviour in time of need. Tho event which was so nearly fatal has proved a blessing, for it opened an abundant spring of water, thus putting the family in possession of apreciouB boon which they have not ceased to appreciate. Another remarkable reminiscence of these for midable eruptions ia furnished in the " Yellow Bock." This is a large patch of red or yellow soil which was left open by one of the landslips, and it must have been the most terrible of its kind which has yet occurred in this region. Tho Yellow Eock is a prominent object of view for more than 20 miles, when for shape and size it presents the not very welcome appearance of a coffin. Being provided with a sure-footed pony and accompanied by an intelligent guide, I waa fortu nate enough to enjoy a day's scramble in this mountain district, extending from Tongarra to Albion Park. An excellent opportunity was thus afforded of examining tho exquisitely charming scenery of this seldom traversed region. The hill sides, as was soon perceived, are for the most part steep and rugged, whioh of course makes travel ling exhausting, but no ono who loves te see nature "in her wild attire" -would regret the fatigue which such a ramble must necessarily occasion. Ono feels inclined to believe that this piece of natural patchwork must have been put together with the special purpose of constructing a mullum in parvo exhibition ; for no feature of the locality is more striking than the number and variety of enchanting spots which are grouped together within a narrow compass. One moment you are climbing a precipice, the next descending into a deep, shady hollow of entangled brushwood, the home of the lyre bird and its coy associates j here you wade to the waist in a thicket of brackens, there again brought to bay by a rocky wall of bold and defiant bluffs ¡ at one place the world seems i as completely shut out as from a hermitage, at another a glance of the eye conjures up a vision of the finest and most extensive part of Illawarra, ; with its gleaming lake and smiling landscape. ' One of tho most unexpected discoveries which the . tourist makes here proves to be the number of ? settlers whom these sequestered hillsides and hidden dales' reveal to his search. So far from being an unbroken tract of solitude and sterility, I as the distant eye would have conjectured, a close examination shows many of the hillsides to be well adapted for pasture, and discovers also tho very richest laud in Ihe little vales which they embosom. The geological formation appenrs to be chiefly trap-rock, which being disintegrated by the weather forms ono of the most productive of soils. Advantages like these have been sufficient to bring hither a considerable population, and will certainly retain them. But they are almost wholly con cealed even from one another, and are located in what the dwellers on the plain would call io accesssible situations. These are the sturdy high, landers of Illawarra, and they have rendered good service by turning to profitable account many por tions of valuable land which were too long regar ded as waste and irreclaimable. An industrious class of people, they seem on tho whole to bo con tented and happy for the lot of man. If they are less wealthy than somo of their moro favoured neighbours, their " solitude" certainly does not "make scant the means of life," and if they possess hut little of tho pleasures of society their situation happily exempts them from its sore temptations and endless worrieB. 