The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, JULY 16, 1879. THE Estimates of expenditure for the year 1879-80 have been laid before Parliament, and show an increase of about £30,000 on the amount voted for the twelve months ust concluded. Since the Estimates for 1878-9 were submitted to the people's re presentatives, however, we have borrowed nearly £2,000,000, and thereby increased he amount of interest to be paid annually by about £80,000, so that altogether the disbursements from the general revenue daring the financial year upon which we have just entered will exceed those of the preceding year by £110,000. This is a fact which will no doubt be seriously con. sidered by the members of the Assembly when the Ways and Means are under dis cussion; but it must be borne in mind that population, trade, and wealth are all increasing in the colony, and that the revenue of 1876-9 was over £160,000 in excess of that of 1877-8. The state of affairs does not warrant anything like a gloomy view of the financial position of the Go vernment, but the increases on almost every line of the Estimates will be narrowly scrutinized. The amount of £50,000 is put down for immigration, and of course it will be understood that this amount will not be expended unless the good harvest we ex pect to be favored with and the general revival of trade that it is hoped will be pro duced by the prosperity of our two leading industries at home, and gereial peace abroad, should have the .effect of giving ampleemployment for working men,andeven causing again a real scarcity of labor. It may be urged, however, that as this change of affairs has not yet come, and at the beat is not likely to come for some months, a smaller amount than £53,000 would ha sufficient to vote for immigration. The importation of persons at the expense of the State is for the present sus pended, or nearly so, and before it is again resumed on anything lite the old scale, if at all, a considerable portion of the f nancial year will have gone, co that it. t lardly worth while to load the Estimates with amounts that will not be expended. When times are brisk, wages high, and em ployment abundant, no complaint is heard gainst Government immigration, however ast the new chums arrive, but the moment the tide of prosperity ebbs in the least then is resumed the cry that the labor market is being swamped. There is an increase of between £12,000 and £13,000 in the Estimates for ex penditure on railways and tramways as compared with hist year. Although during the year several line* will be added to the number of those open for traffic, still this item deserves careful atten tion. Very recently the ConsT'ssioner of Public Works informed the House of Assembly that with an increase of c --.verity miles in the total length of our rail ways completed there had been no addition to the cost of working them. Tina is very satisfactory ta far as it goes, though beyond doubt there is room tot further improvement. For several years we hove shown that our fines are far more expensively managed than those of New South Wales and Victoria. Though having coat fat less to construet —on an avenge not half so much per mile—yet the South Australian lines do not yield more than about & third as much net revenue over working expenses as is obtained from the railways in the two colonies we have named. Gould this be accounted for by the large proportion of our lines that have a small traffic there would be no just cause for complaint against the Railway Department, but unfortunately come of our railways with the heaviest traffic show an annual loss, comparing receipts with working expenses and interest on cost of construction. The Port Firie line has yielded 12 or 13 per cent, over working expanses, but another tale must be told of the Fort Adelaide railway. However, the statistics with regard to p'jticnlar line 3 upon which we base these remarks are not very recent, and possibly the Gorernmen will be able to show some improvemen even beyond the fact that seventy addi tional miles of railway have been worked without extra expense. It is worth noting that the receipts from railways during the year 1878-9 amounted to nearly £80,033 more than during the preceding year. It has been urged that much of what has been put down as maintenance in connection with -the railways should really be de scribed as capital. How far this is correct we are not prepared to say, bat just in that proportion is the Government to be blamed for allowing the accounts to be kept in such a manner as to mislead and to represent our iron roads as a less profitable or a more unprofitable investment than they really are. Another huge increase is about £14,000 for public works of various kinds, and this is not to be wondered at when we consider the numerous demands made upon the Government for Post-Offices and Telegraph Stations in all directions. There is an in crease of £10,000 in the aid to Corporations and District Councils, the amount for the year 1879-80 being estimated at £60,000. This is distributed, as most of oar readers are aware, on the principle of subsidis ing to the extent of 100 per cent, all rates actually "expended in the con- j struction and repair of roads, streets, wells, dams, reservoirs, and bridges, 7'and all pri vate subscriptions on such similar works as may be approved by the Commissioner of Public Works. It has been stated that the j practice of subsidising private subscriptions j for such objects would be discontinued j by the Government, but it appears from the Estimates that this wise puce of retrenchment is not to be adopted. The principal of these subsidies is essentially vicious, though an exception might fairly perhaps be made in favor of a newly-proclaimed district that had not, like other parts of the colony been favored 'with anj share of Govern- ' ment expenditure, or hid enjoyed only a ; very small portion of aiich outlay. The ratepayers appear to rejoice in the idea that they are relieved from so much local taxa tion when they receive this Government grant; and so they are, but they pay . through the Curtains, with this diffe rence, that local rates would be pud by residents and owners of land in the district in proportion to their means, whereas the Customs duties are levied with little or no regard to individual resources, and are for the most part collected from the working men and other persons with small incomes. When an impatience of taxation is shown on the part of the people and their representa tives; when the Treasurer finds he cannot make both ends meet; when it is thought desirable to make property pay more than at present towards the cost of public works, here is an opportunity by a stroke of the pen to relieve the national ex chequer from a heavy demand upon it, to teach the people self-reliance, and to cast upon property burdens that are now un justly Lome by person. There is an increase of about £l 1,000 on postal and telegraph services, and it is worth observing that the revenue from this source during 1878-9 was greater by over £15,000 than in the preceding year. There are a number o? lesser increases and decreases in outlay that we need not particularly mention at present. The following is the summary of ex penditure omitting shillings and pence :— Encouraged, so doubt, to a great extent by the success which has followed the catting of the Suez Canal, the old idea of connecting the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans hat again been brought prominently before the public, the prime mover in the -affair being M. de Lessens. The name of 1L de Lessens will be as enduring as that of the two seas he has already united, and his work will for ages testify to the skill and enterprise of the engineer who succeeded in reducing by more than one half the dis tance between England and India. Bat additional lustre will be cast on that name if M. de Lessens succeeds in bringing about a union of the Atlantic and Pacific, by establishing a, highway for ships acros? the Isthmus of Panama. As to bis ability to effect this desirable junction there is no donbt. The only tiling required is to overcome that ever-pre3ent difficulty in large undertakings, the want of the sinews of war. If this can be mastered, the work willassuredlybe done. The Ameri cans, however, who were calculated on to invest largely in the undertaking, and who are greatly interested in connecting the two oceans, do not exhibit that warmth in the enterprise which was anticipated, and if the work is accomplished, the capital for its construction will have to be princip Jly subscribed by other nations. In May last an International Congress, under the presidency of M. de Lessep-. commenced its sittings in Paris, the object being to discuss the various projects that have been advanced for opening up a canal across the Central American isthmus. The idea is not by any means a new one; it originated veiy many years ago, and has been revived from time to time, but it has never been taken up with finch earnestness and with soph promise of being brought to a prac tical iseue as now. Numerous surveys have been made and severalronte? have been pro posed ; and it was to consider these, among other things, that the Congress was assembled. There are no less than seven routes to bs discussed, and they vary very considerably in the estimated price of con struction, cost of maintenance, and as to the time required for completion of the work. The cost of construction range 3 from 475,000,000 francs to G03,000,030; the cost of maintenance from 4,000,000 francs annually to 12,000,000; and the time for construction from six years fa> twelve. The schemes vary also in their character, some in- Tolvinglocks, others tunnels, and others locks arid tunnels. Each routehas its advocates, and there will naturally be some difficulty in eettlirg this question. Bat it is more than probable that the Darien route will ba the one eventually decided on, as this has been favorably reported on by lieutenants Wyse and Armand Rechis, the gentlemen sent out by the International Congress to examine the various routes.-and is moreover favored by M. ieiesseps. But whichever route ttay be the one-adopted will be a matter which-will interest investors more than the general public, although of codree an open trench like the Suez Canal would be far preferable to any of' the schemes proposed. That, however, is a physical im possibility, owing to the nature of the country through which the canal will pass. The lowest heights in the'mountain chain which runs the length of the isthmus are 300 and 470 feet, and to cut an open trench through such obstacles as these heights present would absorb an amount of money which at once prohibits the entertainment of the thought. There will therefore of necessity have to be either tunnels or locks, both or either of which will interfere with the speedy passage of ships. In spite of these drawbacks, however, the construction of the canal will confer immense benefits on the commercial world, on the travelling public, and on thosa who "dwell at home at ease." A few figures showing how distances would be shortened by such a canal will make this plain. The distance from the English Channel to San Francisco via Cape Horn is 5,000 leagues; to Acapulco and Warntlan, 4,500; to Panama, 4,250; to Callao, 4,000; and to Valparaiso, 3,000; tbe distances being about -the same from the chief Atlantic ports of North America. The route to Panama by way of ?he canal wonld be reduced by about 3/XK) leagues and a like redaction would be nude in the passage to tw^tip^ California, Oregon, and Vancouver, er in other words a saving of two-thirds in the duration of the passage. It can be Been at a glance how this would economise expenditure in all directions. In the case of steamers, the saving of coals would be something enermous in addition to the item of wages, besides avoiding the dreaded passage " round the Horn." And for both sailing and steam vessels there is die saving in insurance to be considered, which would be reduced not only by the fewer days occupied but by the greater safety of the route adopted. It would also confer a, great benefit on travellers through the reduction of time oc cupied in going from port to port, and through the additional comfort and safety conferred. _ And for those who do not tiavel there-are the cheering facts that certain perishable commodities which can not now be taken to England and other parts of Europe, on account of die distance and the time occupied in their transmi3 wm, could then be carried with ease: and that the reduction in the cost of freight would cheapen the price of many American articles in the home markets. The most important consideration in con nection with this project, so far as concerns those/ who will be invited to put money into die affair are-affeoted is, Will it pay ? A railway already crosses die isthmus, but die tariff is excessiTely high, and the triple transhipment of goods and passengers is both tedious and vexatious; still it does a large business, and the traffic in that direc tion would no doubt increase greatly if additional facilities were offered by the construction of die proposed canal. Thir teen years ago, when this subject was being discussed, an estimate was made of die amount of commerce which would be attracted to die canal from die United States, England, and France, and it was calculated that from five to seven million tons annually would pass through it. If the scheme should be matured, and M. de Leeseps commence die work on die Ist of January next, as be has stated to the Congress he Ss prepared to do, it isjesti mated titat by the time it would be com pleted .die traffic would have grown to ten million tons. But making every allowance, and taking die lowest figures as die ground work for calculation., it is thought that the revenue for die firat year would be £1,600,000, and this would be pretty certain to increase year by year as die advantages of die route be came better known. There is one draw back to die using of die canal, and that is that die climate is simply abominable; the number of laborers who died while engaged in laying die rails for die Panama Railway line proves Uiis, and it was also one of die causes of die breakdown of the Panama line to New Zealand. Still, die detention on die TaHmiwa itself will be """>'> less in crossing it at once by ship than it is now with die delays which, occur in shifting passengers and merchandise on the rail way, and the inconvenience 3 arising from climaticcauses will be lass likely to be felt. We shall not be much longer in ignorance as to -what line die Congress have adopted, and when tids is known it will soon be seen whether the inverting public will be pre pared to put their money into a scheme which, so far as can be seen at present, offers «very prospect of conferring great advantages on die commerce of die world, and of affording a fair return of interest on die mosey expended in its accomplish ment. The members of die Legislative Council are showing an activity this session which promises to keep die business-paper light, unless an unusual amount of work should accumulate from die other House during one of die Council's weekly adjournments, and'even then it isprobable that it would be rapidly reduced by sitting from day to day. On Tuesday die Babbit Suppression BUI was read a second time and carried through Committee with slight amendments, leave being takes, however, for the Committee to at again on next, in order to enable clause 20 to be reconsidered. This clause gives die Commissioner of Crown Lands power, after publication of notice in die Government Gazelle of die amount doe to die Government for tbe destruction of rabbits on bind die owner or C3capier of 'which has failed to destroy the rabbits as directed by tbe Act, to sell such bind, in order to pay for the expense of rabbit destruction. Mr. Fisher urged that hardships might follow die adop tion of tiiis clause, and illustrated bis objection by a reference to a case which occurred recently in connection with the District Councils Act, and in which, he was interested. He contended that the Govern ment should serve a notice on the person who was indebted to them, and not merely insert a notice in the Govern ment Gazette, wuere there was very little chance of its being seen. This is a reasonable request, and die Chief Secre - tary intimated his willingness to consider die matter, and see if it were possible to accede to the hon. member's wishes, and with this view die Bill will be recom mitted on Tuesday next. The case to which Mr. Fisher alluded is the sale, for arrears of rates, «f some land belonging to Mr. Bidley, for whom he is agent, and with regard to which he never received any in timation tbat rates were Hue. The trans action was, however, perfectly legal, as the District Councils Act does not provide for any notice *belng Riven beyond the Gazette announcement Now, although it may be dwduty of persons either holding land or acting as agents for landed proprietors to look for announcements of the nature indi cated in the Government organ, it is certainly imposing upon them a very unpleasant task, and one of which they might be easily relieved by making it compulsory, especially in such a serious case as the selling of a freehold, to forward a notice to die person interested, especially as tiiere would be but little diffi culty in ascertaining who tiiat person is. It would be better to amend die District i Councils Act in this particular than to per petuate the evil by passing a similar clause in die Babbit BilL The amendments made in die Bill 60 far are die striking oat of the provision making it compulsory to fill up rabbit burrows, and extending die time of payment by pastoral lessees for rabbit : destruction from three years to five years. A steamer with cable messages from Java arrived at Tort Darwin at 6.36 p.m. on Tuesday. She will remain until Thursday afternoon for the receipt of messages from the colonies. Tne time of her sailing will be noti fied to-day, by the arrival of this steamer we are pieced in possession of European telegrams to the 9th «f July, which will be found in another oolunin. In answer to Mr. Townsend in the Assembly on Tuesday, the Treasurer said au arrangement bad been entered into by the Government with ttts Associated Banks for r^jn.., «f ~..M^ g «... *?.«AI ftnrflu— flf jfr. country to be earned on till the Ist of May next year. The Hs^'*ouUsk*?fci*t*l&Bvto; state tbe particulars of theaaangaiieutinsfa*fane of a loan coming out,*ot he eooM«sW«en*sV ' (bat thearrangementwason a' Mtisfartory and .^ fair hu. , ...._, The Trensoier, in reply to Jib Haze iat the Assembly on Tuesday, Mid the Government bad commenced an action against Messrs. Hopkins, Gilkes, & Co. in Bogland for £10910 damages for fraud in respect of tbe faulty ma * rails supplied by tbat firm (or the Port An«asta ' Bailway. That Company, not.attogetiter through its own fault be said na in liquidation, but he believed there wag every prospect of ? fair dm- , deod being realised. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday the Han.W.Sandover asked tbe Chief Secre tary the question, of which be had given notice, with reference to the appointment of Ur.-Saa- . deraon as Collector of Customs, and as to whether there was no one in the Customs ' Department who was fit for toe position. $h? reply was to the effect that it had been thought that tbe interests of the eountzyvonld be better served "by the appointment <rf Mr, Sanderson Ulan by the promotion to that position of any officer bow serving in the Customs Department. The "Sewage Farm picnic," as it has been faoetiontly christened, is to take place fe> morrow,"the House of Assembly adjourning over that day for the purpose. The Commis sioner of Public Works has nude the necessary arran?Pnmnta. we believe, for the uouvct*ub6 of the#artyrathe?eeabeds and to Islington, the vehicles starting at about 11 o'clcsk from .the Barliament Buildings. Every opportunity will be afforded to the excursuMnsts to make a tborongfif «rrasnin?tfam of' the two suggested sites forifae sewaga far*n,*vndlhs4 she inspae- - for the deposit-of tile sewage will be tbe wish, of aIL The adjourned debate on {he second lead ing of the District Courb 201 was down for Tuesday, but as Mr. Downer, whose view* with respect to the mfcuose 6eraral muaibeU of-the House are anxious to hear, has not had time-to study the Bill, having only just returned from England, the debate wan adjourned till Tuesday next, when it is understood that itwill posi tively be gone on with. Some amus?utent was caused in the TjfgalativeOottnca on Tuesday by the Hon. J. Fisher, who gave notice that he would ask the ' Chief Secretary on Tassaayiie** whether it is the intention of the Government to introduce a measure this session for the reform of the House of Assembly. The junior member for Barossa, Mr. 3. w*. Downer, took his seat in she Assembly on Tuesday far the first time aineehis return from Europe. Mr. Downer wsi warmly welcomed by his brother members, who were all glad to see him back in the possession apparently of the best health and spirits. Mr. Basedow intends to ask the Com missioner of Public Works in the AssemUr at an early tlata if it is the intention of the OoveriunenttojSaee a tvm of jnoney on the ', Bstimates"thk year for carrying out a ■ehstne for procuring a sufficient supply of water for the town of Gawbr. - On Wednesday next Mr. Fraser will move in the Assembly—"That it is desirable that tie leading- roams and museums «f all ■ Institutes receiving aid from the Government should be opened and available to the public between the hours at 1 pju. and sunset on every Sunday." Mr. Darling -will, in the Assembly on -. Tuesday next, ask the Commissioner of f ablis ■ Works:—" L What wen the conditions of con tract, as regards security,** the proper cany ing out of -works connected with main sewers. 2. Were tenders confined to thaw who had previously carried ont'.similar works satis factorily. 3. Have the Government deteimined to incorporate any new conditions compe?iag tenderers to satisfy -them that they'are'com petent to carry out works lor which they tender. 4i Has the Hydcaalis Bagmeer writfao-to soota of the tenderm, anting information aa to their previous erpfriiwoe; it so, to whom." - The Orient steam-liner AiwiMgn'ii sails ' \- for London tins evening. Patsengets are ex ppcted to- leave the city by the train wmchl&iws; Adelaide at 2Jspjn. i Henry Scott, aged 11 Tears, was ad mitted"-to the Adelaide Hospital on Taesday; July IS, suffering from a dislosationof bis left elbow, caused by a fall at GlanviUe on the pre vious day. The July Civil Sittings came to a dose" on Tuesday, when the hearing of the case of ~ the Western Australian Timber Company (Limited) v. Wells aad Another was concluded. The Jury gave a verdict for the defendants. Crave was reserved to amend the pleading*. : The next mail steamer from Batavia (leaving on Jnly 20) will be toe Tmubora, Captain De Hart. The Tambora is a rimilsrly constructed vessel to the Generaal PeL bat larger. She- wiH leave Port Adelaide eady in September, in good time for the Sydney Exhi bition. The number of persons Who arrived at Fort Adelaide by sea during the week that ended on Saturday, Jnly 12, was 247. Of these 9S came from liondon, IST from Melbourne. 1 from Natal, and 13 bom Western Australia. The number who left during the same period. was 84, all of whom weca for Melbourne. Messrs. Barry, Brookes, and Fraser, the contractorsforte Port Aagusta and Govern ment Gums Railway, ace advertising far 209 men. We are informed that the lowest rate «f wages paid bythesi for fallnnt fitlrnt is la. per hour, and-they are nnable to get sufficient men. They are offering proportionately higb wages for - navies and stanebreafeers. ' From&piivatelettOTxeceiv;&dinMaLboarne; by the Ban Francisco mafl tbe Argus learns that «r. and Mrs. J. O. WOUamson am abaci to return to Australia with an entirely new reper tory of plays. Amongst then is the operatic burlesque " Pinafore," tbe sole right of perform ing which Sir. Williamson state i he has parr cbased from Messrs. Gilbert sradSo'Uvan. :■ In consequence of the dnlness of trade MaBsrs.Solomon & Co., the well-known furnitne* manufactures, of Bwanston-street, Kelt Mine, dosed their factory on Friday night, and dis charged about 100 hands. Tne firm, the Argi* says, have been manufacturing furniture for 20 - jean, and this is the first time they have had. to take such a step. But owing ri the pr--sot joor demand for furniture, and the magaitnde ~ • if -their stock, no other coarse was open to - them. ' .J >A i "The land In the Hundred of King, which is about seven or eight mites fromtta- Government Well, is," says the JsTapioui« H~-aU, v being gradually taken up for agdculttnal pui?oses. Mr. Huston, Lite of Budonda, was, we believe, the pioneer. He has about shirty acres of wheat In this year, "which is looking well considering the lateness of the season. He informed us on a recent visit teat a large number of *—■?«— have i?—?> inspecting ths land in King and Bundey, and think very favorably of it. Splendid rains have fallen ia the locality, and all the dams are full." The Primary Judge sat in Equity on Tuesday morning. In Btgne? and Another v. Berkshire, acraditors' suit for the administra tion of the estate of the late George Jonah Berkshire, a demurrer was argued, tbe points taken being that certain beneficiaries under the will had not been made parties to the suit, and tfaat the present defendant, the testator's widow, was not a trustee within the meaning of the Equity Act of 1866. The Court upheld the de murrer, and directed tbe Bill to be amended by making the beneficiaries referred to parties to the suit. The Krtpunda Herald states that the young man James O'Leary, who was injured in a scuffle he had with ??■"**«■■ young man named Hermann Stnbing at rTmpfl*:nin i . died on. Satur day inoming,Jaly 13, from the injuries he re* ceived. An inquest was held at the Hospital on Saturday afternoon before Mr. W. G. Good child, J.P., and a Jury; bat after taking Dr. , Hamilton's evidence the enquiry was adjourned " to Thursday for the production of further evi dence. The Coroner gave an order for she burial of the body. Stubing was committed at the Magistrates' Courtlteld at Knpnnrta on Jnhr ?, to take his trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court. The RedbJll correspondent of the Xorthtm Argvt, writing on July IS, says :— "The want of a resident J.P. was again felt here this week. A man who. was brought on a warrant from Crystal Brook for a trumpery offence had to be kept all day chained up like * doe, while the trooper had to ride some seven or - eight miles to find a J.B. to try the case, which resulted in the man being fined 6s. and costs on three informations. Vat that 15s. the trooper had to ride between 15 and 20 miles, and luckily for the prisoner managed to find two gentlemen, that would leave their own business and came here to try the case. Had the trooper been nncble to get the Magistrates together the pri stoner would, of course, have been chained up in. a galvanired iron shed all night" / for 1878-9. Cbetegislatare £13,281 Diril Establishment ... 63,450 radical and Legal Depart- ment* — 4.639 Police 89,357 3aol and Prisons... ... 16,289 Education 96,139 Postal and Telegraph Ser- Tioes lfil£35 igricoltme 4fi27 3harital>)e Institutions ... 72,558 UaitwyDefencef 88.730 3ifctams ... ... ... 14408 Barters and Lights ... 32,083 PtfclicWorto 280J48 BaSlwmya and Tramways 273^62 (Taterwoda 30,721 iarvty and Crown Lands 67^51 Retiring Allowances and Qratnities „. ... 10.100 rnterertandBxchange ... 1.05& liNoelUneons 41321 Lnunigration 80.C30 for 1879-80. £IS,4S1 69,T3t 46,«S9 73,^03 22.867 98£il 162,163 2,935 73,698 38,7? 14.T83 37,900 B9i,0i6 236,01? 35,411 63.8U 10^10 lflSQ 44,845 80,000 Total ... ...£1,895,121 £1,425,223 A return was laid oa ike table of the -ft—B**>Nj 0? Tuesd*y, showing the totil cut and the "several particulars of the expenses incur red on socdunt of fifteen CSre'iit Courts held in the South-Esst (luring the periodbetween January 1,1&72, and Jane 3,1873; and the number of rainrtriedon each occasion. The return in cluded total expenses Adelaide to Mount Gam bier and tack, and while staying at Mount Gambler and Karracoorte, stabling, dinners to Magistrates and local Bar.gratuities to servants, tc^ passages by steamer, freight aad carriage, and carnage and horse hire, aod is as follows = —1872—April (8 cases), £119 2i. 3d.; Octobar (8),518515e. 1873-April (23), £189 6j. 7d.; October (8), £203 Os. OJ. 1874 -April (13). £19$ IDs.; October (6), £208 Bi. 1875— Apr? (10), £323 Bs. Id.; October (14), £323 12s. 2d. 1870-A.pril (Xi), £213 o*. 5d.; October (Si, £2SOls. 9d- 18T7-April (ll>, £355 4s. 7d.; October (13). £369 7s. Bd. Ul9— April (10), £488 IBs. 3d.: Ootober (3), £163 7s. 7d. 1879— April (5), £315 6s. 1.1. Total numbar of cases tried, 149 ; total cost, £(,335 16a. 2d. The Minister of Education, the Chief Inspector of Schools, and tbs Saperintendent of School Visitor* att«Td-l at the Grote-rtreet Schoal oa Monday nigUt in order that parents of children of a echoal-xoiug age rending within the city, whose children did not attend school, might attend and show cause why pro ceeding* should not be taken against them under the compulsory clauses of the E location Act. Thirty-nine persons received notice to attend, and of these thirty appeared. In thirteen cases the children had been sent to school since the eerriee of the summons. Several parents who cnads oat a oase of real hardship were per mitted to send their children to ought-school; som* whose children were in situations h*d a fortnight's grace allowed them, so that ootiee mightte given to their employer*; and the others with two exception* were ordered to send their children to sehosl forthwith. In the two special cases tbe children were to attend at th? office of the SaperinteodeTit of Schoal Visitors in order to show whether or not they had reached tbe standard at which further education was not compulsory. A deputation consisting of Messrs. W. A. E. West-Bnkine, MP., Thomas Goode, jua. Mayor of 3oolwa,andA.B. Addison (Chairman of the Port Elliot District Council), was intro duced to tbe Commicsioner of Public Works on Tuesday morning by Mr. J. L. Parsons, MJ., who stated that the object of the depu tation was to bring under the notice of the Government tbe condition of the toad between Port Elliot and Goolwa, and to ask that they might not oppose the placing of tbe road on the schedule of main roads. Me. A. B. Addnon, Mr. T. Good, and Mr. West- Erskine individually urged the desirability ef the line being placed oa the schedule, and asked that tie Government, supposing the matter to be brosgLt before Parliament, might not offer any opposition. The Commissioner of Public Works stated that tbe Government would most care fully consider the matter, bat they were very reluctant to place roads on die schedule of main roads where they ran parallel with lines of rail way, as In Ops case. The deputation had, how ever, pointed out that the traffic on this road was principally that from localities situated without the district, and that would bs a strong point in their case. He would suggest that a tractng of the locality, showing the position of the' road .in question and its relation to the traffway, "should be made and forwarded to him, as it would be of great assistance. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Monday and the same hour on Tuesday was registers 1 as follows:— "One of the most complete, safe, and perfect mills for the conversion of grain that we haveever wen is." says the Tarkgt Peninsula Admrtutr, "tint which has been recently re built at Wa?aroo. Of course our readers re member the disastrous fire which occurred there some fee back, mnd which every weU-wuhsr of the enterprising proprieton so deeply regretted; it gntted the premises, and crated b heavy loss. 80 as to prevent the recurrence of any each deali utti?e eontmgeagy in the future the best possible anangemeaii have been made. Eich «tocy of the bniVHng is in perfect isolation, and practically fireproof, the communication from etory to story being by means of iron steps. As a means of further safety against the well ascertained liability to ignition and combustion of flour dust, the easing of the lifts, aad all the workmff appliances posed to friction are nude of galvanised t<heet-iron, so that even sup posing a lira to oecor there would be nothing co assut the conflagration, and among other pre eantions we noted that the dressing machinery is completely isolated, whilst die only conmuni cation between the mill proper and the grain receiving and clearing departments is by an iron tube 83t in a cemented walL It only remains to be said fbat Messrs. Malcolm tt Co. have pro cured the best machinery known for milling puri>S??S and for economising labor; and they bare now a patented rolling machine which is about to lie set np, and which will bathe first of its kind-tested in the colony. "We believe that the brand of floor here produced is highly ap jpreehted, and we hope tit die spirited enter prise of the proprietary will be attended by ever lacreasj&g; sueecsn." A meeting of the Council of the Acclima tisation Bociety was held on Friday, July 11, at the Office of the Bon. Henry Scott, M.L.C. There were present—His Honor the Cbief -Justice (President). Dr. Wyatt(Vio3-President), Sir John Morpbett, the Hon. Joseph Fisher. JLL.C., the Hon. Henry Scott. M.L.C., Messrs. W. 3. Bbgarey, SLP., A. Abrahams, 6. W. Ooyder. George Hamilton, and the Hon. Secre tary (Mr. B. B. Mmehin). Mr. Samuel Daven ftxt sect an apology for ngo-atteiuiance. A letter was read from Sir Arthur Blyth, express ing his desire to farther by every means in his Swer tbe inteteess of the Society in Ciondon. \e eeeretary -was instructed to write and thank the AsenUSeneral for bis letter. Mr. Ps.Tf*itr*H y™*?. n~*iy «riT«rfti g hi* «wrf«w« fa> the Society Anise Ms-visit to Sydney in can oectio?witfatheExhibition. Ur.Darenporttobe informed thsttm offer would be gladly aoaeptel. It was desisted to forward copies of Mr. Hamil tion'spapet *a the advantagts of acclimatiza tion to eae% (Dember of Padiameat.also to each member of the Soeietrt tbe Chairmen of the several District Councils, the ooontoy Institutes, and to each paper published within the cokmy. The Beewtary was authorised to erect an enclosure for Ac smaller kind of birds imparted by lire Society, the cost not to exceed £15. Dr. Wyatt and Mr. Hamilton were requested to prepare a list of birds and animal* suitable for the purposes of accamatixation. Tbe Hon. Mr. Scott, Mr. George Hamilton, and the 800. Secretary were appointed a •üb-Oomasittee to purchase suitable birds, *«, for the Society. It was raotred that at the next annual meeting Mr. S. Jagoe be nominated an honorary member of the Society. The Secretary reported that be had set sit liberty twenty-two pain of Bogliah skylarks recently received from New Zealand. The adjourned inquest into the circum etances attending the death of James Breen, who was killed in tbe hunting field on Satur day, July 12. was held at th* Hamburg Hotel on Tuesday, July IS, by the Oisy Coroner (Mr. T. Waxd-JJP-). William Benbaw, of Bundle rtrfftr m jfi wf it?*^~ i H<pnMri that he saw the aecideat. . Was amongst those who followed the bounds, and was about SO yards behind the deeesaed, who was riding a horse called Tramp. The deceased cleared the first five oe ■ix jumps «f the ran in goad atyie, until he came to what was called the big jnmp, on the side of the Payaeham-road. His hone hi risins; to this jump etrnok the top call very lightly and fell right over on his head. Both hetse and rider appeared to fall together. The de ceased being a good rider stock to the saddle. The jnmp, although a big one, was not unusually so. About sisr persons were "spilled" at the same jsimn.' There was no Jostling on the part of any of the other horsemen, and the de ceased was not strode by any other horse. The boose Trump, swerved just before he came to tbe jump, and deceased said to some one near, "Go on, George. Til bring him round," and put the horse to the jump, which was taken sideways. Deceased, after hu "fall, tried to get op, but fell baetr on the ground again. Some men who were sitting on a fence near picked the deceased up, put him in a cab,and took him to the Hospital. William Talbot CUodenin-. surgeon, said be examined the deceased on Sunday morning last, and found an indentation on the akin of the forehead over the right eye, corresponding to a break in the peak of his cap. The nose was broken across the bridge and the akin was scraped off. Tse left elbow was dislocated add the back of the right hand was scratched with gravel. There j was a huge protuberance of the spine over the I first dorsal vertebrae. On opening the chest, a quantity of blood was found in the right s:ds. but the heart and longs were healthy. Ti.9 liver was ruptured for five or six inches. On , examination it was found that the cervical vertebrae of tbe neck was fractured, the atlas being divided from the axis and the first dorsal from the last cervical,and dislocated outwards. The cause of death, which must have been instantaneous, was the breaking of the neck, but the internal injuries would also speedily have eventuated in death. Michael O'Brien, laborer, residing at Stepney, deposed that he was on the Payneham- road and sa«r the accident. Assisted to place the deceased in a cab and took him to the Hospital, where the doctors nronouncsd him to be dead. At the time of tbe tall no othtr riders were near the de ceased. The Jury n>turned a verdict in accor dance with the medical evidence, and were of opinion that tbe occurrence was purely acci dental. On Tuesday eveninp-, July 15, about 35 members of the Oivil Service Rifle Company met at tbe Clarence Hotel for the purpose of making a presentation t3 Sergeant-Major Bart, wbo ha* act id as drill-instructor to the C?m pany since its formation. There were abaut 35 gentlemen present, who sit do vn to an excellent sapper catered by Host Simpson. Captain Wiokateed presided, and the vice-chair was filled by lieutenant GoSee. The Chairman proposed the toast of the even ing, " The health of Sergfc-Major Burt." He spake in. high terms of tbe Sergeant's csnduck while discharging bis jdnties as driU-instruotor. He said that when the Oivil Service Rifle Com pany was first formed Sergt. Burt voluntarily came forward and offered his services free of charge. He took tbe company in hand and worked it up in the face of some discouraging circumstances. The company was in its in fancy, and it could not be expected that all the members wonld attend the drills regularly. It did not matter whether two or three were present or more for drill, tbe Sergeiat always attended and was willing to render his services. He had been asked, on behalf of tbe company, to make Sergeant Bart a presentation of a dock. It was not given as a recompense for his services, but as a slight token of the respect in which he was held by the members of the company. Captain Wioksteed then handed Sergeant Bart a hand some dock, manufactured by Mr. H. Steiner, of Bundle-street. Sergeant Bart, who was re ceived with loud applause, made an appropriate reply. He thanked the members heartily for their present, and promised to stick by the company as long as it lay in his power. Lieu tenant Btrother proposed •'The National B'fle Association of South Australia." In doing bo he urged upon the members the necessity of be coming good shots as well as becoming efficient in their drill. Adjutant ftf^nw responded* In doing so he said tbe total strength of the Asso ciation was nearly 700 men. He considered that tbe Association would in time form the main defence force of the colony. He believed they had the best shots in the Association. It was intended that a match should shortly take place between six or seven of its members and the same number of tho members of the permanent defence force. Mr. J. Wright proposed "Tbe Army, Navy, and Beserve Forces." He spoke of the deeds done by the British troops at Isandula and Rorke's Lrrift, and he etro: ly advised the members to be obedient to their officers, and to foiler c it the instructions of their drill-sergeants for the purpose of becoming efficient. Lieutenant Strother responded. He said the Oivil Service Company numbered 46 members, but the average attendance did not exceed 21. He urged upon them the necessity of attending all the drills possible. Other toasts followed, and the company broke up at an early hour, after a pleasant evening had been spent. A meeting of sandeartera ia to he held at the Hone and Jockey Hotel, Carringcou street, this evening. A special meeting of those interested in the eigiit hours movement has be m convert 1 for this evening at the Bristol Tsveio, £\cas<tlin street. A meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society is to be held in St. Francis Xaviers Hall this evening for the transaction of imp m tant business. A meeting of the Port Aielftide Parlia mentary Society is to be b -Ad in the local Insti tute this evening, at which a large attendance is requested. Mr. Bignold as Henry the fifth drew another crowded house at the Theatre Boyal on Tuesday evening. To-night being a''command night" His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois aad suite uill be present. There was a small attendance at the Academy of Music en Tuesday evening to wit ness tbe performances of the Lynch Family of Belhrmgers. The entertainment seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by those preieat, and several encores were demanded. To-morrow evening there will be an entire change of pro gramme. On Saturday evening Miss Maggie Liddle, who was well-known here as a member of the Soldene Opera Troupe, win appear as Henry V. in a burlesque of that name. The public of Adelaide are promised a novelty at White's Booms on Saturday evening in Mr. Darcy Bead's original ghoat entertain ment, as exhibited before the Queen and Boyal Family, the Viceroy of India, and the Governors of various colonies. The entertainment has been described as as " masterpiece of •dentine art and a wonderfully interesting.illusion. The attraotionis extrsord inary,and to "the thoughtful mind deeply [interesting as an exhibition of the effects of a skilful arrangement of mate rial appliances in producing what half the people in the world think only possible to superhuman powers. It is an educational means for expanding and elevating the intellect, and leading it by agreeable steps into the paths of philosophical research, and fortifying it against credulity and humbug." Mr. and Mrs. Baal are assisted by a staff of artiste, who personify the characters in the spectral romance '•Temptation," and in the Cbrhty Mm lire's, 4c. The " Ghost" has enjoyed a successful ran in Victoria and the other colonies as a highly amu*ing as well as scientific novelij. A complimentary benefit was given to Mr. Axthnr and Misa Nellie Vivian at White* Rocm*, on Tuesday evening, in tbe form of a variety entertainment. The programme was to have opened with Sheridan Ksowles's comedy scenes <* The Cousins," in which Mia* Eli*e Sydney and Mr. D'Arcy Read were to have made their first appaaranee in Adelaide, but owing to Ibe Dines* of tbe lady the comedietta of "The Happy Fair 1' had to be substituted, with Mr. and Mrs. Vivian as tbe performers. This was followed by musical selections, Mr. H. Weippert amglng his nautical song « Boiling Hame," Miss Despard being heard to advantage in" The Shamrock," Mr. and Miss Vivian causing amusement in their comic duet," The Roman Fall," and in several other sketches, including " Tbe Silent Woman." Mr.WUkins was encored for a cornet solo played with, his usual proficiency. The company wars also assisted by Mr. T. Hanley in Hibernian comical i ties. Mr. Sothern in "Clogograpbi cality," and Mr. Argles, who recited a poem entitled "Deserted." The following gentlemen have consented to act as a Committee for the reception of the Geelong team of footballers who are to arrive in Adelaide to-morrow:—The Hon. W. H. Bondey. UP. (Attorney- General), the Hon. H. Scott, MX.C, Messrs. O. Peacock, M.P.. B.T. Smith, ILP, J. O. Bray, MJ>, W. K. Simmt, M.F., W. Qoin, MJ-, D. Bower, M.P., J. A. Acraman, T. Hack (Mayor of Port Adelaide), C. Todd,CJtG., Oaptain B. H. Ferguson, Messrs. W. B. Gave, K. SL Derrington, and &. W. Whitoeld and J. OnasweU, Secretaries of the Booth Australian Football Association, and two npiiiaentaties ham. each associated Club. Che team ate eTpeeted to arrive at Port Adelaide early to-morrow morning, when they will be re ceived by the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack) and the members of the Fort Town Council and Messrs. O. C. Kingston, A. J. Diamond, O. Wells, and C. B. Warren, who have been appointed by the Association as a Sob-Committee for their re ception. Tbe Mayor of Port Adelaide will enter tain the team at the Town Hall, which is to be open for the admission of the general public. The visitors will come to the city by the 10 30 train, and they will be driven through the principal streets. Auswoe ... v«u ron Angina... iriw UeboM ... 0145 Wflmington ... 0100 I*om_ ... Olffi) PortPiru ... 0*30 Cklfaxrie „ 0-190 Jamertowa ... 0100 Gtefctone ... 0-120 Georgetown „. 0.1W BedhUl „. 0-230 Kooringa ... 0OS0 FaneU's FI?t... 0103 Glare ... 0-429 Auburn _ 0220 Hoyleton ... 0370 BaUkUvm ... 0170 Wallaroo ... 0 2% Kadma ... 0-320 Mounts ... 0193 rort Victoria... 0-260 MaWand ... 0-330 Yorketcurn .„ 01SO StaMbmy ... 0100 Wentworlh ... 0^)70 Ovwlaad Cmr. 0039 finstoa ... 0-380 Kaponda >. OSS) Tanuoda .„ 6230 Gavler ... 0^10 Mt.Vfe«ant .„ O-110 Gnmeracha ... 0 293 Mt.Tjneai ... 0130 Mt.Bwkftr ... 0080 Noulmga ... 02-J5 WiUoan ... 0310 Stntfcalfaryn ... 0020 Bad* „ _. 0O18 KamiMiviIle ... 0190 Streaky Bay ... O-230 Fowler'*Bay„. 0-210 OapeBordn. ... 03S0 Port Lincoln... 0140 O^eJerrii ... 0320 King*cota ._ 0190 Heningie ... (HBO Port Elliot ... 0-065 Bobe ... ... 0330 KingtUm „ 0^30 Penola.^ „. 0*250 Nairacootte .„ 0030 Mt.Gambler™ 0150 Mini™.™* M> 0-810 