The Pulpit in Warwick. (.48 VIEWED FROM THE PEW.] THE PItfiSRVTERIAN CHURCH. I Befobk proceeding- with the subject of our ( notice, wo deem it. fit to offer ft faw obBerva I tions upon the spirit which animated P9 *n ' embarking upon these periodical religious noticos, and it is nccessary at once to point out that the idea of exci ing any polemical controversy was entirely foreign to our minds. That must have been apparent to the most casual reader. These discourses are published under the Bincere sonviction that they might prove acceptable to the various sects of our country readers, and with a view, also, to enlighten our distant eutacritai's oc casionally as to the sayings and doings of priest or parson, according to their particular persuasion. Now, it is needless to point out the impracticability of recording the sermons preached in all the Warwick Churches on any given Sabbath, and we are compelled to take them lerialim. If we have laid our selves open to the charge of being partial, it may only be qualified in having innocently commenced with a notice on our own dear old Protestant Church of England, but to suppose that that had any proselyting in fluence in multiplying the number of the Church of England members at Warwick, would be superfluous. But this much may I be affirmed-that our report on that occasion was pleasing and acceptable to the members of the Church, and perhaps a few besides. Our lost notice was that of St. Mary's (Catholic) church, for we must make the rounds of all places of worship jvithqat eg ceptlon, and we are In a position to Defieve that our report- gave satisfaction to the mem bers of the Soman Catholic Church. It em braced a seemingly complimentary notice of Father Horan, and not one word can bo with drawn from it, without departing from the line of truth. It was never for a moment supposed that our notice would be palatable to people outside the Catholic congregation, ana we could not restrain a hearty laugh at a, friend's enquiry on the morning of its publi cation-" What, going Homewards ?" We might have, in Justice, added one word to Father Horan's credit, which shall not be held back now. Our anticipations led us to contemplate a warm discourse, involving re ferences to the Education oueBtion and other critical matters, which would be calculated to excite discussion, but we were agreeably dis appointed to bear a sermon founded on the Gospel for the day, the drift and tone of which j seemed to defy criticism at the hands of those who, like ourselves, are not ineluded within, the pale of bis Chnrcb. It, however, occurs to the Bevd. Paul Clipsham, of the Wesleyan Church, that the Bevd. Father Horan has | opened a ground for discussion, and in an-1 other column he has announced a sermon for to-morrow evening, in. which he proposes " to refute the errors" contained in the dis course we published a- fortnight since. Of course the Bevd. P.. Clipsham has a perfect right to do bo. A published sermon becomes public propirty and is open to criticism. We , shall, therefore, avail ourselves of the oppor- , tunity of being present at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening, and of doing Mr. ! Clipsham justice, in the same spirit whi«h animates us towards other Christian denomi nations, excepting none. The present notice is upon the Presbyterian Church, in Guy-street, at which We had re cently the pleasure of attending. It is pre sided over by the Ravd. Alexander Dandie, an outspoken and sincere clergyman of the established Church of Scotland. Mr. Dandle was educated at the Edinborough University* and entered the Church between seven and eight years ago. He did not long reoiain in the Scotch metropolis, leaving early for Bris bane, whence he immediately came to take charge of the Guy-street Church, and preached his opening sermon on the first Sunday in August, six years ago. The Church, al though at present unfinished in many de tails, was at the time of Mr. Dondie's arrival.' particularly so. There was no pulpit, and the massive stone edifice was rendered some what unsightly by calico being substituted for glass in the window openings. These have now been supplied in the form of neat glasswork, end the erection of a roomy and well made rostrum, for the proper elevation of the preacher. Mr. Dandie's popularity at the outset may be guaged by the speedy ad dition of twelve pews; and a short time since a further mark of the way in which the rev. gentleman is appreciated, and of the gradual growth of his Church, was suggested by the addition of eight more pews, making twenty in all, during his sir years ministry. A half dosen more will take up the remaining Avail able space for sittings.. The ordinary psalms and paraphrases of scripture are usea here, the choir occupying a space in front of the pulpit. They appear at the Guy-street Church to eschew even an unpretentious Scotch fiddle as an instrumental auxiliary; the psalms are "pitched" off by a solitary gentleman sitting under the preacher, whom we recognised us vocal leader, and the con gregation upon securing the key note to the , air, join with strong sonorous voice. Bat the ' singing is perhaps the least attractive fea- j ture in the service. Whatever shortcoming < may present itself in this respect, is amply! compensated by the preacher. It is a rare pleasure to listen to his reading of the Scrip tures, and his rich voice either in prayer, reading, or expounding, appears to oharm both the young and the old of his congrega tion, for seldom do we hgar a religious aer vioe conducted without a single interruption throughout, by any amongst the good sprink ling of little ones presents circumstance which reflects much credit on parents. We have referred to Mr. Dandie as an " out spoken man," and as an instance of this, it may be stated that on the Sunday previous to our attendance the rev. gentleman mildly re buked-as was his conscientious duty-those few members of his congregation, who repu diated the custom observed in the Prt#by tcrian Church of standing whilst at prayer. Mr. Dandie's motto is, "Elevate ourselves whilst at prayer, or prostrate ourselves by kneeling, but let us have no sitting/' This is the orthodox style of the Scotch church, and we must plead guilty to an unconscious abuse of the custom on that particular Sun day morning. The minister, however, is right in his remonstrances, and they were doubtless accepted in the good spirit which 1 animated him in making them. If he speak 1 plainly, it is from a desire to call a spade a spade, a sort of healthy outspokenness much to be desired in this disingenuous age. That Mr. Dandie enjoya the confidence, and es teem of his reverend brethren, may be safely assured from the Cacft that last year he was appointed Moderator of the annual geneKil assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Queensland-the supreme court of th? church -to which distinguished position he was re elected this year. That he has also the af fection and appreciation of his congregation | may be equally assured, judging from the 1 kind spirit in which be is spoken of by them outside the church, and their anxiety for his personal comfort in one respect by building him a Manse at the cost of XSW. When we meet Mr. Dandie outside his church, he en ters freely and cheerfully into local and gene* ral topics, which in one point at loast most favorably compares him with his more reti cent predecessor. We trust he may live long to enjoy the reciprocal esteem and g03a wishes of his friends in Warwick, and the members of his congregation in particular. In his sermons he sometimes employs a few notes of headings, and on rare occasions preaches from manuscript. He has a fine round voice, and his articulation is so dis tinct as to make every word of the sermon audible at the furthermost corner of the tabernacle. His text, on the morning of our attendance, was taken from St. John III., Ifl: " The sou of man which is in heaven." " Every saying of ChriBt," said the preacher, "in worthy of ourderpOBl consideration, audoughttobe care fuJI/ and prayerfully pugifrr^ by u«> WJmr He speaks, He speaks to sinners in order that they iiKiy bo instructed in the thinjp which pertain to their eternal welfare. And _He who speaks iB the most capable of conveying in-. strnction to us, for He knows batter than we can do whut things wo require to be instruc ted. Hia words were not intended merely for tho enlightenment of those aDjnnj^ ^otn He dw£U, but for every sinnw' who BhoQjd be saved. At tho timo when tho words of our text were spoken, He htid been teaching Nicodemus truths of which he, though a mus ter in Israel* wus entirely ignorant teach ing him that unless a man were born again "Df tho Spirit he could not see the Kingdom of God, far loss enter that Kingdoms Blinded by traditionary teaching, the mind of Nicodemus could not at first oeuiprehend the great truths which were unfolded tohiiu. In hie opinion the kingdom of heaven was to be attained to by a strict observance of the rites and ceremonies of the law. " Bat no, says Christ, " it is only to be entered by be ing bom again, and only by those who are born again." To biui it was to bo entered upon when his life on earth was ended, but to this the Saviour answers, " The son of man is in heaven." What meaning then are wo to, attach to this saying of our blessed Lord T Here we behold Him upon the eatth, convers ing with Nicodemus and yet He says.He is at the same time in heaven. Now there must be a sense in which it was possible for Him to be in heaven while He tabernacled among men; and, if so. is it mot possible for his people to attain to the same statu of blessedness-nay, is it not necessary for them to do so, for is He not our teacher as well as our Saviour-toaah ing as by His example, as well BS by precept, trow^wc arfflo walk so as to approve ourselves to bo His disciples? Bear in mind then, that the expression, "the kingdom of heaven/' does not always mca*i a place. That there is such a place, where (ind's throiw is estab lished, and whew ChtUt "specially shews forth His glory, is an undoubted fact, for do not the scriptures speak of tho heiWn of heavens, and of the third heavens f Bih. at the same .time there is another sense in wUA the term is used both by Christ and His Apostles, and that is a state of hleesedness and" peace. When our Iiord commenced his public ministry. He called upon the people to repent, for, said He, " the kingdom of heaven is at hand;" and the Apostle Paul tells us Ufrtjbe Kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy 'in the Holy Ghost. Here then, is the sense in which ? we are to understand our Lord's words. He wajs in that state of blessedness which pure and perfect righteousness can alone bestoWjior He ! knew ulc eW' knew not the cohvptlpg ' influences of it by experience, and the misery and wretchedness which it entails upon those, ! who give way to its power, as man knows them. His nature was pore and His soul was < spotless, and this righteousness He confers 1 upon His people. By the satisfaction He 1 made to divine justiofs, He wrought oijit a per fect righteousness for Hii people,-by which ' theyare justified baiore "God. Here,js:the ' first step into the kingdom ol heaven. /Ihey ! are absolved from the guilt and eonsequpapes 1 of their sins, and that not merely '.when; ttiey appear before the judgement bar of God along i with the assembled urn verso, but immediately ' As soon as they accept of Chrisfcos_ their ' Saviour that moment they are justified, and ! consequently that very moment they enter the 1 kingdom of heaven. But again, heaven is where God is: and how could it be otherwiss I then but that Christ while upon earth should ; be in heaven, for was He not Iinaianuel-God dwelling with men. Whtrever Hei was, was : heaven, for there GnS wnB. And is not tj»i» the case also with His own redremed people f Have they not God dwelling with -tham dwelling with them not in visible form it is true, but yet, though invisible, none the less ! dwelling with them? They have a union ? with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. ! They are parts of Christ's mystical body, of 1 which he is the head; united to him as truly 1 as the branches are united to the vine, though I to tho bodily eye their union with ChriBt is ' invisible. And all these members, taken to ! jrether with Christ, form one body. Uonse 1 quontly. as the Apostle Paul tells us, they sit ] in heavenly places,and have their conversation in heaven. All the time that they are going I about their daily business and pursuing their duties in the world, they are all the time in heaven. And why not, if they ore really united to Christ f It is so, if we had only ' faith to see it, for doss not the Bible tell us j that God dwells with His people, and heaven is where God is. And did not Christ Hunself ' say, " If a man will love Me, My Father will love him, and wo will come to Him and make our abode with Him, and we will shew our selves to Him." These words tell us most dis tinctly that in this life we not only can .see God, but also that in this life we can have God and Christ abiding with us. And this being the case, it is possible for us to be m heaven while we are upon the eirth. It is not only possible- it is absolutely necessary that we should get to heaven while we are here, in order to be in heaven hereafter s and, if we do not get to heaven in this life, we shall never be in heaven in tlia life that ib to come. As death finds us, so shall the judgment This world is the place of preparation for here after, and according to the preparation which we make in time so shall our portion be in eternity- If during our-life .upon ? earth rwe are not prepared for heaven, liiost surely ws shall never be there. The Bible does not tell us of any way by which we can have our sins purged after death. Its teaching is the very opposite of this, for it tells us over and .oyer again that if we are' not savAd in this life, eternity will be to us a period of misery. Is it possible, think you, for a man to lead a worldly life, to be oovetous, to be sinful, to in dulge aU his evil passions white here, and then the moment the soul leaves the body to be changed into the very opposite character T Or do you suppose that if such a change were possible it would be a Bourse of joy to him upon whom it was wrought? Suoh a change would give no pleasure. The state upon which he would enter would be contrary to his feelings and affections. Here his affectiohs have been sot upon this world; but there, the things which have engrossed his at tention, and from which he has derived tho only joy of which he was capable, are wanting; and he would therefore long to be back again in this world. How could the sinner, who has no love for God while hem who bus had no delight in his service, and no pleasure in the thought, that he is continually under the view of tho all-seeing eye-how could he have aw i°y the, abode of the redeemed, or join in tho employment of the spirits of the just made perfect ? No, breth ren, the man who has no true love for God while iti this world, and does not delight in God's service above everything else, and does not perform all his duties under a sense of responsibility to the author of hiB being, and with a desire to show forth his glory, cannot be made happy in heaven when his life on earth is ended. The only people who will be fit for heaven, and who will be able to do everything to the glory of God horeafter, are those who have been striving faithfully and honestly to do all to his glory while here. And, brethren, let it nover be forgotten that the man who has entered the kingdom or heaven will manifest that he has done 80. Formerly he bad been a captive, held by the chain of sin, but now that that flmin has been broken by Him who came to save His people from their sins, .he goes freo from his former lusts. They have no longer the mastery over him. Whatever sins he has lieen guilty of he now abhors and casts them from him with loathing, aa he would a deadly tlunjr. If hjs heart has been set upon thyworld, and hm j whole soul been taken up with the things of , sense and of time, it is so no longer. Those idols have been dethroned, for he has seen God-seen the love which He bears joj1"" made manifest in tho sacrifice of His own dear Sons Been Hia goodness in supplying the ever returning wants of his bmjy.'H'r' '"the nch provision which ho hiU> made for tho wants of his immortal soul ( seen Ujs ^»««« >« fcariny with Ijln) during Wb UH of wteq he might justly have cost htm off tor evert seen His fatherly regard in leading him to repsntauce, and bringing Mm by a way which he knew nbt, and which ne himself would not have chostm into that loving Father's House -and this sight of God has wrought in him* mighty change. It has kindled within him a fljune of love-a consuming flatno. which h*s Tatfrnt np his love for all iheaner objsots-~so that by him God is now truly worshipped and adored. Would you expuct the captive, who hos'been set free from his captivity to show his freedom by wearing the fetters of his slavery f Would he not rather cast them off as things most hateful, and return with all speed to his home in his native land P So is it also with the Christian. He cast# off those fetters which have bound_him to the world, the flesh, and the devil, "and returnito his native home-that home in which man en joyed Sweet communion with his Father bev fore* sin entered to bunish him from its blest' abode-he returns to the house of his heavenly Father, and in this way he mini-' fests that ho has eutered the kingdom of heaven. But in the man who has entered the kingdom /bf hc&ven; there arc not' titer&ly.;', Jtogrftive virtues -thore aro positive virtues as well. Not merely docs he renounce the works of the flesh, but he cultivates the fruits of the Spirit. Formerly* the worship of God was a weariness in which he found no pleasure*1 and which he engaged in merely from custom, or because others around him did so; but now it is his delight, for be experiences a nearness to God, whom he looks upon as a loving Father, to tell him all his wants, to recount all his mercies, and to thank and praise him ;Tor 'all his blessings. In hu feeling' and actions with respect to his heavenly Father, he ha* now become like a loving, trustful, obodeint little child, and of such is the king dom of heaven. Formerly, the Word of God was to him a dry und uninteresting book, from the perusal of which he could derive no happiness but now light has broken in npon-' its blessed page, and has changed it from being uninteresting to be the moiit interesting work which he can be possessed of; for there, heflfadai&rectionand; guidance to. 6nabls:htftf td -dprightl^, comfort ib hift'hej.rt,' fetid peace to ais weary and hpiavy.liden soul, whatever his state is he can there find the* balm of consolation; whatever his doubts are, be can there have khim »U resolved ; and therefore he,nflfioplj re£ds, bqt pifditates thereon with great delight. In all his actions he is instigated by a desire ,to pl^asa flod-rrta act as the angols do in heoireil.' '^AAdlwoiila you expect these bright and holy beings to do anything that would be displeasing to God P No, brethren, it is their greatest pleisare to a⁢£iajiAt<iS£ delight to shttw forth his glory. And then too, in fats wordly business, hits walk will be upright In/oil hw-^sliqgs. with hi; fellow mentis 'tactions will lie' eHanu-.terised by a spirit of honesty, whatever his position in society ? toay be-whether.:he be manlier . or servant. If he be a master herwill give ti those whom he employs what is just, and will exact no in ore in return than what is right. If he be a servant he will not waste either his master's trmVor means, but will be diligent in Uta business and faithful to the trust com 5inlttttdf\ to him. And/then, hia eonvereation is in heaven^ . But thu does net-mean that he talks about religion and nothing else. There are tots mmjr who can, and do talk aljout religion, but into whose life it never enters. Having our conversation in heaven means a good deal more than merely talking about holineffl.or evenab6ut God. While we are upon the earth, it is appointed for its' 'to labor for the meat that pariehftth, hnd to pir form the duties which an oVor-ruling provi dence has allotted to us; and it is hecsssary for man to speak to each other; of worldly matters, and he who Bpeaks of them as if he felt that Ood waa beside him, hearing his every word, and knowing his every thought, As He really is-ho has hiseouvoraatibn in heaven. Thus you see that religion is not a matter for one day in the week merely, but for every day, and all day long, arid does not enter into our conversation about God and .heaven only, bat must fester into the whole of our conversation, and info every word that wp sneak. This is what it is to have our..con versation in hearen'i and tti9n it is by their walk and conversation that mm manifest that they are in the kingdom of heaven now. How bright and happy might our life be.here since we can have God's presence t? cheer us, and Christ dwelling with us. With God there is fullness of joy, at His right hand are pleasures for evermore. Many there are, who took upon religion as something vary gloomy, and so they defer to enter the kingdom oi heaven, because they imagine d! ia_doing sotney must aoaudon every Joy. But can that reallyi be the ca89 f . If"'(j6, then there would bi no joy in the abode of the redeemed herepfter,. fof if the heaven upon which meu can'ebter inpw has to pleasure for .them, neither could the heaven that ia .hereafter. Were such persons to b > cuit off, po3semed of the feelings and olfactions which they then have their portion would not bo in heaven, for how Could they who found no. pleasure in serving God while here, find any pleasure in that far fuller service which shall be here after. If there are any such present who imagine t^iat by making a full surrender of themselves' to God now-Ijy. really entering the kingdom of heaven now, they must aban don every joy,, and give up every source of happiness, then I have to say to such that their hearts are set upon the world, and'if th.'y do not undergo a change, they must have their portion withtho -world which the scriptures tell us' shall be desthiyed. But suchj^ersonsmay say, we stiull repent ;bpfdre death carries us off. But, not to mention tpe uncertainty of life, bear in mind that thfey who rely- unnifa -death-bsdwpenhuieershow ?that they Live no love for Gol, and no love for Jieaven. If they had a lovj Tor <i.*l they would delight to walk with hiin now, as well as hjrea/fte;- i and if they hal a love for heaven, th 'y would nol put oil to onter that kingdom till bo:uj future tim J, but would do so at ouce. And if they hnvo not a lorefor that kingdom in tim; they will not h ive a love for it in eternity, and h ivin f no lov.i for it | they oanoot enter it." Ex&mm; ITIOS op M.voiSTtt VTBS.-tt appears that formerly, Q10 msland st.ipeudUry inagis trates had to uul.-rgo an ex imin Mr. John Kent and Mr. lliwlins the present Under-Colonial Se:retiry were however the only penons. we can heir of, as having paaie I through the critical test the eiiuplijity of whi:h might suffi ciently excuse its falling into disuse. The subjects .for test were.-" Stephens Com mentaries on the Law of England" and " Sir J. Jervis' Aot" by Nichols. Our stipendiary Magistrates on the Downs know a great deal mow thin this and are accomplished and intelligent men, but we believe upon looking at the formidable list of magistrates for the torritora it would be well if Government only insisted upon the elementary principles nf education as a test for the ordinary J.P. We know of many who would soon have' to invoke the aid of the village schoolmaster. Aokicultcbai, Chekibtby.-Wo have just reseived from the hon. the Ministerfor Lands a copy of Mclvor's lectures on " Agricultural Chemistry." It is a most instructive work, commencing by pref&ratory; explanations [ followed by twelve lectures on the following subjects-constituents of plants ; how crops grow ; soils and their properties; drainage and | tillage operations; Land exhaustion and the . science of manuring ; farmyard manure and I compost, bones and superphosphate of lime, ?piano, saline manures, neglected fertilizers ; > lime and its use in agriculture t green crops, ' manuring and rotation of crops. These' lectures are supplemented by .chaptcrs bearing on the conservation of water for agricultural purposes; and the creation, maintenance, and ' enrichment of forests. The work is of, some value, and will li_> read with much avidity by firtujra, with profit to them-. selvos, i 