PROCESSIONS OF PAGAN GODS, IMAGES, &c.; DITTO OF ROMAN CATHOLIC MADONNAS, SAINTS, RELICS, &e.; By SIGNOR FERREHO, B.B.L. Catherine de Medicis, the pious instigator of the St. Bartholomew's slaughter, in one of her letters addressed to the Pope (see Thuanus, chap. 28) writes to him that the Holy Supper was instituted as a memorial and as an object of spiritual worship, and it should be a theatrical performance to gratify the senses. What part has the gospel in such procession—in what part of the New Testament may be found the Romish ceremonial of such procession, I ain at a loss to say; but Duchoul, a Roman Catholic writer, is coming to my help with the following very edifying information :— " When the priests of Cybele made a procession in her honour, they carried the statue of Jupiter. Altars were raised and adorned on the squares or piazzas of Rome, and priests rested by placing the statues of their gods on those temporary altars, just as the priests of Papal Rome do in all Roman Catholic towns in the day sacred to Corpus Domini or sacred to the Assumption or Nativity of Virgin Mary. Virgil recommends to farmers never to forget to celebrate the feast sacred to Ceres; and the Pagan rite was observed by making three times the tour around the fields, ending the procession with the offering of a cake called hostia. The Romish Church observes the feast of the Rotations, and saints, relics of saints, crucifixes, statues of madonnas are earned in procession for three days, making the tour of the fields surrounding the towns and villages, and sprinkling holy water on them in order to preserve the crops from the ravages of the demons. Ovidius tells me that those who attended those processions were dressed in white garments, and carried torches or fanals in their hands. The Bitualc Romanum commands that the clergy should follow the procession with white gowns called camiccs rocketti (alb and surplices), and all those who follow the procession have to carry lighted tapers or candles. If we compare what Apuleius says of the feasts sacred to Diana with what Polidore Virgil tells of the feast sacred to Mary and to other saints, we shall be clearly convinced of their perfect similarity. " The statue of the Goddess Diana is preceded by females dressed in white, with baskets filled with flowers, the girls or women spreading them on the road where the Goddess has to pass." In the same style Papal Rome conducts the processions in honour of her saints—girls dressed in white spreading flowers on the ground ; little boys dressed in blue or pink representing angels throwing haudfuls of rose- leaves or lilies. The sound of trumpets announced the approaching procession of the idols. The bands of soldiers or of the town militia announces that the Sacrament, or Madonna, or Saint is near. The priests of the idols advancedfrom the temple to the street, with their shaved hairs, garbed with a white ephod, carrying the gods and goddesses. The High Pontiff carried a box (pixis) called " the box of mysteries," and the imago of the Deity on his breast. Thus the Romish olergy proceeds from the cathedral or sanctuary to the street, dressed in gorgeous garments, with uncovered heads, and with a tonsura, viz., a part of the hair shaved, representing a circle of hair. Some priests, or deacons, carry huge crucifixes, standards with pictures of the Trinity, madonnas, saints. The Pontiff, Bishop, or Car- dinal, or the Pope carries the box with the wa,fer, the mysterious pixis of transubstantiation. Polidoro Virgil (L. C. chap, xi.) says: "Our priests observe the same rite of the Pagans in their processions. We have preserved all the ceremonies of Paganism, and improved them, and if our festivities are more brilliant, I fear they are unprofitable, as in practising them we serve the idols instead of honouring Christ, for the people are more occupied with the image than with God himself." And this is the testimony of a pious Roman Catholic divine. I shrink to quote the processions that took place in the middle ages, at night by the light of candles, not unlike, and sometimes worse than the infamous Lupcrcalia. Modesty forbids mo to describe then). In Italy, in Germany) and in France God, who is Spirit, is materialised, and the Godhead is represented with an old man with white hairs and a young man with fair ringlets, a big dove, as big as an eagle, representing the Holy Spirit, crowned with naked statues representing angels, saints, archangels, covering a platform carried by porters, and statues of Madonnas on it. Each guildhall or cumfraternita has its own trophy or triumphal car, just like tho Pagaus had their peculiar car to carry their own peculiar God. Thus Papal Rome has lowered to the condition of a ii idol the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ; thus the Saviour has been degraded by symbols of idolatry, and the Holy Ghost is dishonored by materialising the spirituality of His person. Is all this mimicry tending to help the worshipper to worship God "in spirit and in truth !" In what book or chapter of the New Testament can we find such material and sensuai ritual I May God open the eyes of our faith to obey the Lord Jesus and depart from the traditions of men. 