garliamoetary. 10 p.m. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Burns' question as to whether the survey of the Northern line had been completed was with drawn. In answer to Mr. Burns, the Hen. James Hoskins stated that plans were being prepared for a Court-house at Branxton, and that tenders for the work would be advertised for probably next week. Mr. Anguse Cameron moved the adjourn ment of the House, in order to bring under the notice of the Government the present stat? of the labour market. The hen. merm. ber stated that the number of unemployed in the colony was worse now than it had been for the last ten years. He also cailed atten. tion to the misrepresentations made at home to induce persons to emigrate to the colony, and urged the Government to inquire into the matter, In answer to Mr. ilungerford, Sir Henry Parkcs stated that it was the intention of the Government to carry out the extreme penalty of thie law in the case of the Bathurst youths sentenced to death for rape. The Premier spoke strongly in justification of the actionof the Executive, and said that if the law in this case was not carred out, it would not be in anuy future case of rape. Whilst the Assembly was in Committee on the Sydney Corporation Bill, Mr. M'Elhone moved the Chairman out of the chair, and made a fierce attaok on the public and private character of Sir Henry Parkres, and quoted from back files of the Iferakl various matters that reflected on Parkes' character, alluding to his (Sir Henry Parkee') flattery of Mr. M'Elhono at Maitland; his (Penrkm') conduct in slandering Davey Murray, and being fined £100 for it; his conduct in connection with the O'Farrell tragedy and Kiama ghost scaro; and his failure at home as an immigra tion lecturer. Mr. M'Elhone also quoted from a speech of Mr. Darvall's made at East Maitland against Parkes; and taunted Iarkes with having caused his friend and supporter, Mr. Richard Hill, to be unseated, in order that he might obtain a seat after having stated " that the door of his political life was closed for over." Sir Henry Parkes left the Chamber after M'Elhone commenced his speech, and the galleriCs were cleared for about half an hour and when the public wore re-admitteod thA storm had ended, and the Houseo was pro cceding with the Council's amendments in the Corporation Bill. The Assembly lhas agreed with some clausos, and disagreed with others, of the Legislative Council's amendments in the City Corporation Bill,. The Assembly is now in committee'' of supply, and proceeding with the Public Works estimates. 