THE MACLEAY. . (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard. ) Sirs,— Orahgcism "is still growing upon the Macleay River. We held our regular monthly meetiug on November 23, wlien wo elected and -installed our offioers for the year 1880. We have a change in every office except one, that of treasurer, Our officers for the year - are ;as follows Bros. M'Skimming, W.M. ; Parker, D.M, ; Atkinson, F.C. ; Long, Treasurer ;- Tratherh, Secretary, ; Everson, sonr., Chaplain: : Four candidates were initiated into our glorious Order. " ' .. \ j ' ' Our 5th of November, celebration .was, a great \- success. We held our meeting in the School'- of Arts, Kempsey. The evening was rather in-' clement, but. wo had a good gathering, In the absence of Bro. Trathern, W. M. , through sick ness, Bro. Atkinson, D.M., presided. . j , After prayer and hymn and Chairman's - ad dress, 'the Rev. -Bro. Ingram delivered a clear and forcible speech .upon auricular confession. He gave the date of its birth, exposed its prone- ness to defile both penitent and confessor, and its complete want of support from, and its oppo sition to the Bible. | . The Rev. Bro. Gilby addressed the meeting on the history of James II., William's 'advent;' seige of Derry, -Protestant associations of ,Ahr itrim ' 'and : Sligo,- victories of the Bpyne and Aughrim, i Peep-o'-Day Boys and Popish De fenders, and the origin of Orangeism. j ;! :Bro'.' M'Skimming followed with a very able speech'upoh the' 5th November, 1605, plo£ tie, Waldensiah Church, and the Bartholomew maW sacro. : ! ' '' . The speeches were all well received by the audience, which repeatedly thundered .forth its applause. Many threats wore rumoured before ourmeetjhg night arrived, but none of them were carried into execution. Since the meeting some have' tried.. to, make a smoke, but failed. One, writing to the Macleay -Herald, signing ('(A, Catholic." ' (whether Roman ; or, Protestant w;e cannot, say) seemed very anxious to know 'who' gave us permission to hold our meeting in - the School of Arts, J Now, ,wo: have -noticed that some poor sonls are much 'hurt at some things, but any amount of, other things make no impression upon then). " A Catholic " appears muoh hurt when it is an Orange meeting held at the School of Arts, but why did he not get hurt when the meeting in connection with the Dun O'Connell Centenhiil was hold there ? Or why did he not cry oiit when Father O'Riordan had that building' to tell us about Father Matthew ? j By the way, mentioning this matter calls 'to mind the inglorious retreat of Father O'Riordain from the field of controversy and the advent anil retreat _ of "Onyx," his successor— whether apostolic we leave them to prove. "A Catholfo j" perhaps wffl be more impartial for. the future j Ihavo now a very important' matter to write about. Everybody knows -the fuss over Dr. Yaughan's visit to the Macleay, to bless and lajy the so-called foundation stone of the Roman Catholic joss-house, alias Church., at Wedt Kempsey, and many people observed that that stone was shortly afterwards taken from.tne place where the "boss of the Catholic Church f' put it, to a spot fifteen yards .away,, an<| thdt without the Doctor paying a second, visit to re- exorcise the devil. But what will the public think when they walk over to the bnilding and set', that stone cast out? The building is hfw being ereoted, but as I walked over to have n look, I saw that blessed stone, or its ghost, nojt in the building as the chief corner . stone; hut thrown aside-as a heretic. When willpeople see through the farce of Popery.. Yours, sc.. . A PROTESTANT. 