BEAOHPORT. ;\'(Fr6m our own Oorrespbhdettt.) f»;> il,'! ; November 27. Tuesday was a red letter day for Boachport, and I.tfuaf; but the preourser of many similar trips, <80010 day we hope to let our juveniles visit .the Mouut; let us expeot something better than truoks will be ayailable for the lambs, We do not roiud the sterner sex being sheepish,, but females and children ought to have no truck ,with such poor conveyances, .' ' 'Early Mr, Bevilaqua's store was the centre of attraction; and our looal gentlemen were busy decorating and erecting tables, seats, &oM; to Bay: nothing 01 displaying of orookery. One of the i offices was converted for the nonce into a ladies' dressing room, so that our visitors could brush up and make those little final touches that do so much mischief among their susoeptible compan ions, . .. . ,, i ? ' A large fire in the front, surrounded by sundry hollers, evidently showed that tta was'to be par , takeu of, Fancy the desecration I The centre' of Railway Terrace-our front street-thus to be dishonored I You must reoiproopte by boil ing our billies in Commercial-street, Jf your new. Lord Mayor will allow.'" u What denomination is oouiing down to-day.6" asked one, " Why ?' Do you think ohildren care what denomination they belong to when there iB n festival on I Its all the same to them-. Episcopalian or;Presbyteriah, Baptist or Wes leyau j- and I pm, quite sure Mr. Oaldwell did not ask the ohildren }',Surli>kMof;Plungea(-wfty I as^younlr^na,:; ; How you attain to llfe'n groat olid V . before iusiUn'g' Mid'' neuesflary ' ticket. I re member some . months ago a picnio. siren on a similar scale by the Wesleyans (not' fn jtlie South-East), and the number of converts to Methodism was wonderful. The'ghost of John Wesley must have rujoioed ; but, like most human ; successes, its converts fell of-as fast , (Hfter, the .pionjo) as they had; inoreased before?" Strange but true; another instance of the'instability of humau greatness; ' ; 1' ? Our station looked its best ; as the prettily de cofftted train drew up, a number of qur children, dressed'lu their bept, were waiting to greet their brothers and siqters of,the Mouut. The Temperahoe" baud evidently suffered from the journey, qnd had a, very bad coldon arriyal. But the auu soon thawed them, aud "Cheer boys ' cheer," 'as tliey marched to the rendezvous, Went much better. They brightened up too, when Mr. Caldwell Wld them that Mrs. MoQueen, "Our Beachport Qt»een " Quotation from our owu poet), Was providing dinner for them. After clbake aud coats had been duly depbaited in tlie store, Mr. Caldwell gave the .neoessary permis sion to * view the buildings, and gaze upon the people, not forgetting the beach. I duly inspected the tables before the children ooramewwHheirattasir^tllFTjaud having hud their dinner were discoursing eloquent muaio und 1 must say, not as a complimentary ex pression, but truthfully, that they reflected the Sreatest credit on the Indies who arranged them, 'lie bunches of flowers, the evergreens, &e.; &e.t; added to the efteot of cakes, buns, sandwiches, &c.; &q.;, too numerous to particularize. ' The dinner, or any other name you ohoose, was done ample justice too. SomeM the young, sters managed to rise two stomachs',; one internal and the other external between their waistcoats and jumpers, and in some cases both were filled. The seniors followed, aud the whole oouoluded with a soramble for nutsatut lollies, &e.; Before leaving the bulging Mr, Caldwell, in a few well chosen remarks, thanked the ladles for the edibles, Mr, Smith for the water, Mr. Bevilaqua for the Btore. Mr. and Mrs. Walters for the tables, &oM; and Messrs. Wood, Hopkins, Clarke, MoLachlan, and others for their kind usBlstanoe j the ohildren'resporidtog to the hip hip-hurrah.. and .the band giving ",'Fpr, he's a jolly good fellow." Mr, Bevilaqua suitably re sponded ; and after singing very prettily " In the sweet bye and bye," a move was made for the train, eome difficulty was experienced iu re* seating all. They would not pack ia. the same space, owing to ''the feeding, as au Official iu* formed me. But a very little after time tho train' moved of! amid touch; el\e$ring, fyi'd' the band|laying^" Home, sweet'home'As 1 re frog, the strong tea possibly having talten cfteet, as one of the light weights is a staunch teetotaller. Is it needful for ine to add-all passed off well P My Mount readers know that from youthful lips long before they read this. AU Beachport did their best (this is not egotistical, as your corres*; pondent, as in duty bomid, only looked ou), and enjoyed themselves quite as much as we hope all otir vipltwi, young aud old, di4i Av<i IM sure l am only speakiug for, all when I Bay May tHey eomo again and again, and next time Btop longer. TheKalahomewaa still at anchor in the South end by last news, but as wo eaunot well see her from Beachjiort, we will consider her as loft, . , Mr,. Bevilaoua ontcrtained. the votaries, of terpaiohore in nis new buildings the othor even iug, and our townsfolks enjoyed the mazy dance till " morning did appear. Before separating they gsvo hearty chcors and musical honora to their "host. Tho buildiiiK ia now ready for all kinds of merchandise, ana v/e trust will prove sb remunerative to its owner as it io an ornament to Railway Pines, Beaohporfc. The flat has gouo forth, and tho jetty is to be fenced in, I hate beon informed tlmt this reso lution has beon arrived at in consequence of something that took place at Kingston on the. jetty tlieroi But from vvlmte?er cause; tho jetty ia now a sealed book to us Ucuchpot tonians.' Another houso of a superior character is now being arranged for, as toudova have beon called for the rosiJonco of tho Traffic Suporln dent, No loss than eight buildings of raoro or leaf pretentions will be going on here shortly. Our Institute rulos have been duly approved, and the Site of the present temporary post office . having, been offered as a site for bunding, we may fairly say it is now a permanent; and accomplished thing. ' 