Answers to Correspondents. *** Correspondents will please take notice that no questions will be answered unless the sender gives his real name and address in full-not for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith, and that he ii a subscriber. Correspondents who wish their questions promptly answered, should not include inquiries respecting two or more subjects in one letter. Inattention to this rule is a fruitful cause of delay in answering. Beta (Queensland)-Please repeat your question. M. D. (Upper Tumbarumba)-Sue B for the value of thc mare. Nemo-We th ink you may fairly try, but we scarcely think you will succeed. J. M.-Glasgow, including suburbs, 4-10,039; Liver pool, about 413,874. Delta ashs-(Vas tho " Town and Country Journal" posted to me for the week ending August 23?-Yes. fs. (Cobbitty)-Please again send your name; we have received several letters for you. W. J. (Blayney) asks what is the best way to soto chicory, whether broadcast or in drills ?-Brills, Bobbery asks-Is there a good demand for firewood in Sydney during the year or any part of it?-Yes. I. H. D. (Kangaroo Valley.)-We have sent you the card of a respectable land agent. Jack (Carcoar) asks-Is a man bom in Canada an American ?-Yes. J. K. asks-What day of the week the 13lh Septem ber, 1850, was ?-Friday. G. M. (Moree)-Jes; he will be liere until January, 1880. Inquirer asks-What would tho analysis of a bottle ' of cordial cost, and who would do it ?-Forward us sample and one guinea. I M. H. (Hamilton)-Wo liave consulted our legal adviser twice, and ho points out that you have no re dress from the company. E. K. Jj., asl;3-Wliat is the best xuay to remove lea stains from white tablecloths, bleaching in the frost seems of no use ?-Will some lady oblige ? * J. B. asks-What istlie fareby steamar from Ceylon to Sydney in the steerage ?-¿225 in the second cabin; there is no steerage. C avendale-The Postmaster-General only can deal with your complaint, liefer to him, and we feel sure I you would get justice. V. JJ. asks-What is the name and address in full of Compagnoni, the confectioner ?-Compagnoni and j Co., 198, Pilt-slreet, Sydney. ' E. M. (Woogeo Station}-; We cannot publish your communication, because His libellous. It is, however, a hard case, and there is no remedy. G. H. asks-If a man backs a bill for another for 12 months and the money is not paid, can the endorser be forced to pay ?-Yes. , W. M. D. (Rydal) asks-Can a man receive benefits from two friendly societies registered under the Friendly Societies Act ?-Fes. Subscriber wishes to know what quantity of land would be in a block measuring 7 chains 4£ yards each xvay ?-5 acres and 30 perches. David asks-Will you kindly < insert in your next issue a suitable opening composition for a young lady's scrap album ?-Replies in verse invited. F. S. C. asks-Where can I procure a pair of guinea fowls in Sydney ?-There are none at present in the market. J. M. (Campadore) asks - What year did the ship Telegraph arrive in Adelaide, S.A., with immigrants? -Will some of our South Australian readers oblige. JU. H. L. (Dubbo) asks-Will Professor Stanich be practising in Sydney during the month of November ? -Yes. Sailor Jack asks-What is the meaning of the ex pression " concurrent time?"-Simultaneously; at the sama time. Signalman asles-fl J What is the price of Hie por trait of the royal family, mounted and varnished, at your office ?-5s. (2.) Is the picture glassed ?-No. Passenger (Llangollen, Cassilis) tunics-Tlie ship Blenheim arrived in Sydney harbour on the 5th July, 1855, with 350 odd emigrants, of which he was ono. Back Block asks how to measure timber that is sawn, at so much per 100 feet ?-li» by 3in hardwood, 4 to the foot; Sin by'2in, 6 to the foot; Sin by l%in, 8 to the foot, superficial measurement. J. If. (Maryfield) aslcs-Did an immigrant ship leave Plymouth in the first week in July, and when is she expected?-Yes, the Corona, with 454 immigrants ; expected in from 80 to 90 days of sailing. E. K.-Bed Peruvian bark ts the specific referred to as a certain reirtedy for drunkenness, lt is now to be purchased in Sydney, ab Washington Soul's, Pitt street, in liquid. Carrangura äste-J have a horse running on my land for three months. If I advertise him and he is not claimed, can I sell him to pay expenses ?-No. Impound him. S. S. asks-WIiere cnn I get the work "Mrs. Reid's Guide to tlie Ball-room," and at what price by post? -Turner and Henderson's, Hunter-street ; price ls 6cl, post free. M. B. (Moonby) asks-Wliich city of tlie world' has the largest population. I contend it is Jeddo, in Japan. My friend says London ?-London contains nearly twice as many people as Jeddo, or Yeddo. G. M. (Adelong) writes-"Prospector" (Tumbe rumba) asks for information as to the best place to prospect. I reply Adelong district, without a doubt, if they have means to hold'on for a time. D. K. writes-I have a horse t hat has a top grínder growing uneven, and lie has great difficulty in eating. Can you give me a remedy ?-Throw the horse down, and rasp his teeth. 8\. (Jerry's Plains) writes in reply to " Cobbity," "thai there is a splendid opening for a steam flour mill here, and every particular will be furnished if he will send his address." W. T. (Rocky Hall) asks-Are the letters ES over E registered for William Smith, junior ?-It is Wm. Smith, junior's, registered cattle brand, who resided at Tamerang, Shoalhaven, when it was registered. C. W. L. (il udgee) asks-Is there a gun of 80 tons mounted on any of the batteries near the Sydney Heads. If not, please state tlie greatest weight ?-No. Eighteen tons is the heaviest gun. W. M. asks-"Where can I get a Jamaica neiospiapcr, and how could I qet an advertisement put in one of thetn?-Write to Gordon and Golch, George-street. They will transact such business. Coal Cliff (Bulli) asks-A bets that the " Christmas bush " of England-the one that bears scarlet berries^ is the olive tree. B bets lt is not the olive, lut the liol tren. Wh o wins ?-B wins. J. T. (Orange)-In reply to ymir question, M J. M. (Hay) writes:-"There was a squatter of fl name of Richardson near Mount Cole some yea since. The nearest post town is Ararat." Inquirer-The facts as stated ly you were not hon out in evidence, hence the reason for non-forfeitur The Minister may have made an error in judgmen but he was guided by thc commissioner's report. J. T. asks-fl.) Will the drawing of the Ballan Art Union raffle lalee place on the 15tli next as former] advertised ?-Yes. (2.) Will the winning numbers ¡ published in '' Town and Country " '(-Yes. T. D. (Dalton)-Write lo Mr. Thomas, superintei dent of Randwick asylum, Sydiiey, and he will sen you form of application for a boy. You will have i wait, some time. Wosaba ashs-My neighbour digs a drain Oft wit 3jt deep 2 chains long on a properly I have lease without giving me any notice. Can I fill it up to pn teat my crops and grass paddocks ?-Yes. j Victim (Orange) asks if the acceptor'of promissor ; note is liable to a third party-a bartle, to wit-for an ' alteration that may be made after acceptance in th amount ?-No. A. V. (Braidwood) asks-Wliat weight are hidi when spoken of by auctioneers as heavy, medium, an light ?-Heavy GOW io loll, medium 40i¿ to 0016, an light 30/6 to Mb. Congeria asks-Can I sell the selection of a ma who turned insolvent, and has since got his cert, ficate ; I am a judgment creditor, bub did not atten his meetings to prove my debt ?-No. Q. C. (Orange) aslcs-A man signs a blank pro. not to be filled in for ¿340, and another person fills it u for ¿6100 and is found guilty of forgery ; can the ban make tho man whose signature is to the note pay ¿610 or the lesser amount ?-Onhj liable for the ¿640. Novice ash-(I.) What salaries do public schoa teachers under the Council of Education get?-J depends on the cless they are in. From ¿670 to ¿630 per annum. (2.) Has the Councils report leen pnl lished this year?-Yes ; report for 1878 is out. G. W. (Forbes)-The tank you describe, 08 feet h 67 feet on top, 37 feet by 48 feet on bottom, 7feet\ inches deep, with a roadway ZQfeet long, and 08 fee wide on the top, and 36 feet on the bottom, contain 1241 cubic yards 20 feet. Drax (Black Rock) asks-A holds a selection ad joining B's selection. A wishes to erect a substantia fence at once. Can A malle B pay his half at the eni of six months. A gives B notice before commencing ti fence ?-No. He must wait tho six months. M. M. (New England) asks-Has the Ballarat Ar, Union drawing taken place, and in what paper shall wc find the winning numbers ?-It will be drawn on oi about the 16/ Ji September. Tho winning numbers wil] bo advertised in this journal. Dunce (Tumut) asks-Are the letters "h" ana " y " used as vowels in the English language, or hat " h " over been used as one ?-H" is never a vowet " Y" ia both a vowel and a consonant, and has mon claims io be considered the former than the latter. R. 0. (Cowra)-What engine is meant ? It is im possible to tell by the question. Wliat is meant by draft ? Is il the furnace draft or the drawing ? By fire-proof, do you mean non-inflammable o-r protected from tho action of fire ? Braidwood asks-Wliat is the trainage on hida from Goulburn to Sydney, and if there is cartage from the station in Sydney lo the auctioneer's store? Trainage, ¿61 7s 3d per ton, and they are removed ly drays to the auction mart. ToL. B. (Gunnedah)-A near relative of the writer was solicitor for the Crown in the prosecution of Cons' stance Kent. Tho writer does not think it likely she ii out liere as a Roman Catholic nun, though it is just possible she may le. W. W. asks-Ganyou give a remedy for perspiration in hot weather, as sometimes I can liard,ly walk home from work ?-Attend to diet, or rather your digestive arrangements. Take aperient medicine to regulate the system, and wu tho warm bath in very hot woatlier. G. Y. L.-(1.) The area of the land between th* surveyed line and the old line is 2 roods 10 perches ll square yards. (2.) We cannot answer more than ona of the questions when, two or more are written on tho same slip of paper. F. C. asks-I wish to adopt a female infant of fov/r to six months old in Sydney j do you think I could qet one so young out of the Benevolent Asylum, and winch is my best way to qet one ?-Write to Miss Trollope, Fmale Infants' Blame, Ashfield. J. A. M. (Tingha) as7»-(1.) Will you inform ma hoxo I can prove a stone to le a genuine and pure dia mond?-Try a good file upon it. (2.) What day of the iveek Christmas day came on in the year 182Í ? On Tuesday. Athos-We would advise you to tender again, taking care to calculate properly all the chances of the under taking. We do not think it likely the Postmaster General, if ho accepted your tender, would make any deduction from the amount you may earn in the nevi service for your previous shortcoming. J. M. writes-I have four or fi,ve cows with hard lumps in their throats, which prevent them from breathing freely. I want to know if blistering will be of any use?-Blister the parts a couple of times, allowing sixteen days to intervene between thc blister ings. Sport (Pennant Hills) asks-Will you favour your subscribers with some method of muzzling ferrets. Rabbits are becoming a great n uisance, and tn pulling them out of the burrows the ferret sometimes kills, and lays up for a day or two, and spoils our sport?-Will any of our sporting readers oblige "Sport," W. S. M. F. writes-I have a two-year-old colt with a large wart growing on his fetlock, between the hair and the hoof. It keeps growing larger, and frequently bleeds. Cnn you suggest a remedy?-Take a sharp red-hot iron and burn it off, the same as ia used in operating upon colls. G. J. (Mare)-We have no information as to bundles of straw used as lightning conductors, and cannot explain tho "philosophy of tho thing," though we very much doubt their efficacy. Tliey are probably employed for the purpose under some superstitious notion, as tlie horse-shoe is to keep away evil spirits. Sivo (Forbes) asks-Wliat will take out of linen the mark (name) made hy marking-ink ?-Try a solution of muriate of tin, or belter, a saturated solution of cyanuret of potassiwn applied with a camel-hair brush. The part should be washed as soon as the mark has been removed. Z. H. (Invercll)~The mineral is composed princi pally of sulphides of lead and antimony, with a sinall qxianlity of copper, and a trace of bismuth. If existing in quantity it would-have a commercial value. No separate estimation has been made for gold and silver, but these may possibly be present. J. S. (Lewis Ponds) asks-A horse has leen running in my paddocks for the last five months; after adver tising him, may I legally sell him and buy him ?-No ¡ Ïou aro not just ified in selling the horse. Impoun im, and if you want him and he is not released yo can hid for him . J), H. (Lyndhurst) asks-I leave my selection to g irita a party of surveyors for twelve months. Do rm the risk of toning the same selection ?-If you ielection is your usual bona fide residence, absent therefrom in pursuit of your business avocation woul ¡lot invalidate it. Exhibitor asks-Wlio is responsible for monies n ceived for exhibits sold at the Paris Exhibition, have leen trying for months io get the money, bu without any result ?-At a meeting of thc Commission held September 3, payment was authorised, and n ¿oubt will be shortly made. ß. W. S. (Glebe Road) asks-Would you hindi publish in next issue the poem on the wreck of th Dunbar, written by the late Samuel Bennett, Esq., am oblige?-It was published in the " Town and Conntr\ Journal" in August last year, and we could not so sooi after re-publish it. Bondclo asks-I took a house three years ago at t jéntal of ¿61 per week, but have always paid the ron quarterly. I am now anxious to give up the premises QanI do so by a week's notice, or must I give a quar ter's notice?-You do not say what term you originally took the house for. Inquirer asks-I owe a storekeeper ¿82 10s. I pait Ms agent or collector the amount, for which I got r receipt, but it not being entered inmy pass-book, he re fuses to acknowledge the receipt. Can I be compelled tt pay the amount; the storekeeper is deaà, and his ad minislrators threaten to sue me if I do not pay it ; 1 still hold the receipt ?-Ko, G. 1.1. J. asks-Please give directions how to pasti c map, picturc} or placard on thin calico. Is calico n suitable material, and should it be stretched out will tacks before the paper is pasted on it ; I have m ade ar, attempt, but the work-is full of creases?-Yes, itshoulà lostretched on a frame. Both the map and the calice should be wet before applying the paste or gum. D. A. M. (Ipswich).-You may revive the lustre oj Japan on sewing machines by giving a coat of copa] varnish, alone or, for black, mixed with ivory black, 01 with asphalt for brovm. After giving a coat of varnish tlie article should be placed in a heated oven, and ij severa l coats of varnish are give7i, the article slwuld bi pvi into the oven directly after the application of each, . To J. T. (Orange)-There were some squatten living near Mr. Cole, in Victoria, named Richardson, I think they have left, though probably they may be heard of. The neared post towns are Ararat and Tra' walla, and if they have left information could probably beobtained respecting them from Colin Campbell, Esq.., Mount Cole, Victoria. Debt (Bumbuckley) asks-Twelve years ago I lent a sum of money without security. It was acknowledged hy thc person, four years after tho loan, writing to say he would pay me with interest if he ever had the means. Se now has the means. Can I compel him to pay ? You cannot compel h im to pay ; the debt is baned by the statute of limitations. A. M. (Tara) asks-iVhat is the cheapest ivay io get my brother from Germany to Sydney. How much will it cost, and where havo I to send the money ? Your brother should go io London, and you may then iring him the rest of the journey by pay ing ¿22 to the Agent for Immigrat ion at Sydney, or the local C.P.S. al Condobolin, About ¿65 altogether, will suffice,. Edith (Bathurst) asks-"Which planet was I bom under. I was born on the Srd October, on a Sunday afternoon, between 3 and 4s o'clock, in the year 1859\. Tell me if il is a lucky planet or not?-The Government Astronomer declines to answer this ques tion, because he thinks it wrong to encourage people to study astrology which is false and Í7ijurious. G. B. asks-I am a shepherd. My son has a selec tion six or seven miles from where I am shepherding. JTe minds the sheep all the week, and then sleeps on the selection on Saturday nights. Will the above satisfy for residence, and if he stays to help with the lambing will his selection be forfeited ?-If it is his oona fide residence th is will suffice. 1 TT. B. (Bylong) aslcs-I had a married brother tesiding in Liverpool, England, about 13 years ago, end- as" I am desirous to find out his or his family's present whereabouts, would, you advise me the best course to pursue in the matter?-Write to Gordon and {Jotch, George-street, Sydney, wlio will send an ad vertisement to the Liverpool papers. Charity asks-I nm a ticket-holder in the Ballarat Art Union. Should I be fortunate enough to draw a prize, to whom should I apply for the value of same. Mr. Bridges guarantees io purchase at full value. I took the tickets of their Sydney agents, Nicholson and Ascherberg?-The latter firm will procure the money for you. E. J. M. asks-Do you believe in ghosts or wraiths, or any supernatural visitants. Do you believe that all or any of the strange ghost stories which occur in Mrs. Crowe's " Night Side of Nature " are true?-No, end we will give ¿63000 a year lo any spiritualist who will supply us with an outline of European -news every day. G. (Rylstone) asks-Where and at what price can I ^ettwehe months of the " Town and Country " bound, and the best way io send it for me hero. I have four missing. Can I get them if I send the numbers of them?-It will cost ¿61 ls for the two (half-yearly) volumes. We will endeavour to get the missing num bers for you. Warcop (Billapalap Station)-Tlie best remedAj for sings in your vegetable garden is to scatter between the rows or broadcast quick lime every second or third day until the trouble is remedied. The whole surface of the land cropped should be got at with the lune ; but if applied just before the planting, it would be all the more effective. Terra Firma asks how to clean white straw hats, also a recipe for cleaning jeivellery ?-Wash the hat with warm water and soap, and then with white of egg well beaten. For jewellery, malee a strong lather of soap and warm water ; wash the articles in this, Using a brush; dry and rub well with chamois leather, viith a little rouge. Inquirer (Dungog) asks-A country person intends visiting Sydney soon, and wants to know if'there is for sale a directory or map by which he may learn a little about the city beforehand; and-if so say where such map or directory may be purchased, and at what price?-Write to Mr. Maddock, bookseller, George street, enclosing ls Sd for his " Guide to Sydney." Bushman (Coopernook) ashs-I wisli to erect one mile of fence consisting of two wires (galvanised wire) and top rail. Wliat number would be most suitable, the quantity required, and the price per ion ?-No. 8 or 10 wiro is generally used ; No. 8 weighs Gciot Ogr 1616 per milo; Ko. 10, ¿cwt lqr Gib; pries, ¿S17 and ¿615per ton. Gardener (Murrumburrah)-Yon should try and. get customers for your turnip seed in your neigbour hood. It will keep good in this climate for sw or seven years, if properly stored. You may apply to any oj the seedsmen whose advertisements you will find in our business pages, but for a long time past these have imported their hirni/p seed. It is so cheap in England that no one here will care to harvest it for sale. Z. Z. astís-Iborrow money from the lank at 10 pi cent, per annum. At thc end of six months the ban charge interest, which interest they at once add to tl balance due, and again charge -interest thereon, J the bank justified in doing so^or can they compel n, to pay the compound interest?-It all depends npo what your original arra ngement was. Il could not I done except under special arrangement. Arcturus (Oberon) asks-In case I select 100 acres i land and soto it with English grass seed, how muc per acre vmdd the Government allow me for such in provements also the best lime of the year to sow th grass seeds?-There is no fixed value, lat. douhtlei permanent artificial grass would be looked upon as rr improvement, and the cost of laying it down allowed You may sow now ; but autumn is preferable. Subscriber (Armidale) asks-I have selected 64 acres on the ba?ik of a main creek, permanent water Another man selects 320 acres on opposite side. WU each party have to fence a Une along the creek, or wil one line of fencing do for the two ?-It is not incum bent upon any person to fence his selection. A propor lion of the cost of fencing can only be demanded whe-i the portions adjoin. Selector (Reid's Flat) ash-(1.) I take up aselectim wlien 18 years of age, on which I reside for one yea and eight months, and put¿630 worth of improvenxent on 50 acres ; can I at thc end'of this time transfer mi selection, I not leing of age? (2.) Gan I leave it, am go to school for 12 months, without any danger q loosing it?-(1.) You cannot transfer the pvrchas until you are of age. (2.) The purchase must be you: continuous residence. W. B. (Blaney) asks-Whether chicory should h sown broadcast or in drills ?-If for a crop to he har vested for the roots it should be drilled, but if for pas ture for sheep broadcast will answer best, as it car then be mimed with other pasture seeds. To securt good roots the drills should be about 18 inches apart andthe plants thinned to about 10 inches. The soi should be a good deep loam, with deep culture, and ni fresh manure should be used. Alphonso asks-I am 17i years of age ; my father ii dead. For the last three years I have supported my self and given part of my earnings to my family, j am at present in a respectable situation in the counlri and send my mother half of my earnings. Eas slit a legal right to force me to leave my present situation and go to Sydney, lhere being no objection, moral 01 otherwise, to my present employment other than hc\ inclination?-Ño. Inquirer (Young) asks-Who is the proper official it send a preferable lien on crops, clips of wool, «fe. mortgages on slock and landed property, for registra .Hon, and the cost of registration ; also, if pr intel forms for mortgages, hills of sale, arid Uo7is can li purchased from any firm in Sydney ?-The Registrar General, Sydney. 7s Gd for registering deeds of land and 2s Gd for the other. Apply to Sands, stationer George-street, Sydney. T. B. (Hamilton) asks the cheapest way to Bourke, and if there is any conveyance other than coach from Orange. Is it very expensive *or a working man vtilh a family ?-We cannot advise you of a cheaper route than rail from Sydney to Orange, and coach to Bourka ; total cost, ¿69 18s Gd from Sydney. If you have a large family you, might purchase a cart and strong horse, and cross the country via Dubbo. It is a tedious journey. Inquirer (Goulburn) ash-Wliat quantity ofwoo\ is grown in the island of Qreat Britain according tc the last statistics, and what quantity in the Australiai according to the last statistics?-The total woo] grown in Australia and New Zealand in 1877 wai 3'J3,201,533Zfc. We cannot say wh at quantity of woo] was grown in Great Britain; but the number of sheep, according io statistics for 1878, was 28,406,206. Thi number of sheep in Australia ts about 60,000,000. S. (Cobbitty)-A correspondent writes,\ with re ference to tho best part of tlie country,for a steam flour mill : "I beg io reply that there is a good opening in tlie Tumut district ; also, that there is one for sale, a good substantial brick building, and all the latest improvements, immediate possession, as the proprietor isloavinq the district for England." We have several other letters for private transmission,lut have mislaid S's name. E. L. (Fernmount) asks-I rent a farm from a man for five years from the 1st July, 1879, and he agreed to open out drain and make it dry from the Isi August, 1879\. If I am at any loss after I put a crop in can I make him pay for it; or, if I lose any time waiting on account of drains not being opened, can Im ake him pay for it, or can I put men on to do it and charge him withit ?-He must keep his agreement; if he does not he is liable to compénsale you for any loss. H. 8. (Liverpool) asks-(1.) Wlien a public meeting is called, can anyone vote, or only the townspeople ? It all depends upon the question before the meeting. It is usua l only for these interested in the result to vote. Generally speaking, none lut residents should be per mitted to take part. (2.) Three persons are appointed to expend a sum of money; they employ men, and being practical men themselves, can they work with them ? Yes, but it is inadvisable. Lismore asks-Wliat is the shortest and cheapest route from the Richmond river to Wilcannia, Darling river j and what would le the cost ly that route ?-Tlie shortest is not the cheapest. Steamer to Sydne>j and thence to Melbourne, rail to Echuca, steamer to Wil cannia via Wentworth, would cost ¿620 ; or Burton's coach from Sandhurst and via Wentworth weekly ; or steamer from Richmond io Sydney, rail to Orange, coach via Bourke to Wilcannia, very heavy journeys, total cost ¿817. J. S. (Woollahra) sends us tlie following, which Roman CatJwh'c and Protestant will alike enjoy : " Romanism in a Nutshell.-A Rom an Catholic priest, snpie time sines in Germany, on entering the pulpit look a walnut into it. He told the people that the shell was tasteless and valueless; that was Calvin's church. The skin was nauseous, disagreeable, and worthless; that was the Lutheran church. He then said that he would shoiv them the holy Roman Apos tolic church; he cracked the nut, and found it rot I en!" Red Cow asks-Please give me instructions how to dye a sheepskin blue?-Steep the leather for a day in urine and indigo, then boil it with alum ; or it may be given by tempering tlie indigo with red wine, and washing thc skins therewith. 2. Boil elder-berries; or dwarf elder, then smear enid wash the skins tlierewith, a,nd wring Hiern out; then boil the berries as before in a solution of alum water, and wet the skins' in the same manner, once or twice ; dry them, and they will be very blue. P. C. (Young) asks- What is common na,me and medicinal virtue of the inclosed plants ?-Specimen No. 1 is Hanlenbergia monophnjlla, the plant so frequently mistaken for natdve sarsaparilla, nf no medical value, and its use as such is probably injuri ous. Except in being of climbing habit the plant in no way resembles the valuable sarsaparilla. Specimen No'. 2 is Pimelia decussata related to the Daohnes, hut ' of no known medicinal value, Both plants are natives and very widely scattered over Australia. ! Fritz osles--There is a law-suit pending, and I have ', sold my selection and a team ef horses, Qc., to my son. For the selection ho paid me cash; for tlie team and other articles I ¡/ave him credit for cash lent and ivor done, he paying the balance in cash. If thero n's i verdict obtained against me, and. I cannot meet tfi amount, cnn the court seize any of the property sold u my son, 1 being ptcrfcctly solvent at the lime of sale? No. ir. K. (Sofala) aslcs-The goldfield reserves alow Sofala are covered with thousands of sheep, eatin< every blade of grass from the poor diggers' cattle,which are dy ing from actual starvation, ls the goldfield re serve for two or three squatters or for the benefit of thc digger. If the diggers have any remedy from thii tyranny and oppression, please state how they musi proceed to get th ese sheep removed?-If it is not already excluded from the squatter's lease, apply to the Govern ment to have it so excluded. 0\. A. E. M. T. aslcs-How long docs it talce for a letter to go from Hay to Brccwarrina, Barwon River, and also which way, by Sydney or Borrkt?-The course of post between Hay and, Breewarrina via Sydney is the most expeditious, viz. : Leave Hay Wed ñenday and Sunday 6.45 p.m., arrive at Brewarrina Thursday and Monday week 11.30 a.m. ; total, 7 days 16 hours 45 minutes. Return mails leave Brewarrina Saturday and Wednesday 10.30 a.m., and arrive at Hay Sunday (S days 6 hours 30-minutes) and Wednes day (7 days 6 hours 30 minutes) at 5 p.m. John W. Cocks asks-TF7iai is the difference between a Cremona violin and, a copy of a Cremona violin ? Tho house or firm of Y-illeaume, of Paris, manufacture copies of thc old Crcmonese violins, which differ from the originals only in point of age and beauty of tone. The red Crcmonese violins vary much in value, but a perfect instrument of the best quality cannot bo ob tained under 400 or 500 guineas. Some inferior Cre monese instruments sell for much less. The imitations aro numberless. Genuine copies of the old fiddles can be had for about ¿614. There are thousands of pre tended copies at from a pound upivards, which are generally worthless. Libertas (Molong) asks-(l.) Wliai is thc cost of advertising in your paper at per inch, say for three of six insertions ?-5s per inch. No reduction is made unless advertisements standing three months or more. f2.) Wit ere can I obtain examination-papers for a lawyer, so that I can find out tho.sort of examination which woxdd have to be passed, and whether you are required to be articled to a lawyer before you can pass; if so, for how long?-If not a graduate of the University, you must be articled to a lawyer for five y ears. \Ve recommend you to get Halliday's " Ques tions a7id Answers," at Geo. Robertson's, Pitt-street, J. A. M. (Hay) ivrites-In your issue of tho 2ml instant I find an inquiry about sandy qripes. In my opinion there is no such complaint. I have had two valuable horses die in a similar manner in the year 1803\. I found their stomachs as full of sand as if it had been rammed in. I attributed the cause to a large sandy swamp where the horses were watered. They would paw and disturb the water, stirring up the sand, and not being able to pass it it remained in the stomach, and accumulated from day to day until death ensued. Try change of water. I had some powerful medicines, but it was of no avaik _ Gammally {Barwon River) asks-Is the grain of the silkworm, of good qxiality, to be obtained'in Sy dney, and at what price?-We should think that it might le obtained by applying to Mr. Thorn at Seven Hill's near Parramatta, or from Mr. Brady or Mrs. Bladen Neil, whose addresses, however, we do not know, but perhaps some of our readers will kindly answer your vnquiry. There beinq no demand for the grain in Sydney, no provision for its sale, so far as we are aware, has been made here. It is exported to 'Franco and Italy, A number of Sydney ladies met some months back for the purpose offorminq a ladies' society to promote seri culture, but we have not heard anything about the atiompt of late. Tour " Transposition* contribution is rather flat. Albury asks-fl.) Wliilst a horse-stealing case is pending, and both parties claim the horse in question, are tho police bound to keep possession of me horse until the case is decided ?--Ycs. (2.) If Iwrses or cattle are impounded with registered, brands o?i, t's Yt a pound-keeper's duty to inform the owners by regis tered letter ?-No, by ordinary letter or oilier written notice. (3.) H it can be plainly proved that Justices of the Peace are unable to perform their duties, that they blunderingly jeopardize the honesty of respectable men, and that jjeople within their jurisdiction are afraid to bring cases before them, what steps should be taken to have such J.P.'s removed from the bench? Appin/ to the Attorney-General, and give all the infor mation you can relative to the J.P.'s inability. G. E. (Tamworth)-Mr. Russell, the Government Astronomer, kindly supplies the following:-Wo do not know which is the most rapid current in the world, but in the Atlantic Ocean there are tide-rips, which Humbolt thus desci'ibes :-" Wlien the sea is perfectly calm, there appear on its surface narrow belts, in which the water runs vHth a noise very perceptible to the ear." One of these was met in latitude Udeg 21mm N., longitude ZZdeg 33min W., which hada velocity of 15 miles an hour. Another ivas seen in latitude lMeg 0min N., longitude Bideg 0mm W., which passed the ship like an Indian "bore," with a velocity estimated at GO miles per hour. The bore in the Tsien-Tang River is said to have a velocity of 25 miles per hour, X. Y. Z. asks-fl.) Whether a tenant, being a lessee of land rented for pastoral purposes from year to year, and under covenant to keep in repair buildings thereon fa woolslied and hut for men, very old), is bound to replace the same if they fall down from natural decay of posts, rafters, and slabs, throug)i tho action of white ants, rot, §c. These buildings have been kept in repair until repairs aro out of the question ?-No. (2.) Is the lessee bound to erect new buildings for the tenant, it being impracticable to carry on pastoral pursuits with tho present stale of the buildings on the land?-No. (3.) Can the tenant, for want of these buildings, vacate the land, and leave the lessee to his remedy by action at law for any alleged breach of covenant?-Give six months' notice, such notice terminating upon the anniversary of the commencement, of the tenancy, and then vacate. G. C. M. asks-In October last year I applied to the District Inspector of Sheep to get a tar-brand and ear-mark recorded for 3000 sheep. At tlie same time I paid ¿61. He sent me the receipt for that amount, also informing me that 3000 sheep would cost me ¿6114s. I sent him 14ss, but received no reply until the 1867». April, 1879, when the Inepector again wrote, request ing 7s more, otherwise mfr application could not be received. According to my reading of the 6th Schedule of the Diseases in Sheep Amendment Act o/1876, the amount that I should have paid would bo as follows : -For recording brand for 3000 slieep, 9s Gd; for recording ear-mark on ditto, 5s ; for the publication of brand and mark, 2s ; total, lGs Gd. Please inform me if I am correct?-The amount as stated by you is correct. Write to Mr. Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock, Sydney. T. A. (Drayton)-Try a total change of diet and if possible change of habits and locality. Avoid tobacco, tea in excess, pork and salt moat of all sorts, eat spar ingly, and let five hours at least elapse between meals. ! Only eat easily digested food, such as well coolxd mutton and beef, or chicken with tender vegetable», > other than coarse cabbage. Your own sensations shou ld guide you as lo what food agrees with you. I table-spoonful of aromatic spirit ofamoniain a wino glass of camphor mixture will often give immediate .relief, but should only be used when the trouble is felt. Attention to diet is the true remedy. Weneed hardly add that all alcholic drinks must be avoided, as well at tea and coffee, one or both, ifyoufind any inconvenience from their use. A sensible person can soon learn the diet which answers his case best. The food that would suit one patient might be bad for anotlier, having precisely the same cause of trouble. Medicine is lens required thanthe changes meniioned,but rhubarb root powdered may be taken every night at bedtime, and in fusion of chamomile or gentian before meals if tin appetite is not good. With care the stomach may ht set right, but neglected, complications will follow. _ TF. 8. (Euston) aslcs-(l.) Is the Council o/Educ& Hon authorised to stop the salary for the last thret months' service of a teacher whom they have dismissed after tho 30th June. They refuse to pay salary for April, May, and June, though Hie teaclie has shown that the school was open on every school day, and was present ai her post ? Further information is required before this question can be ansioered. For instance why was theteacher dismissed, and were any children posent at the school to be taught? (2.) Can the Council of Education compel a teacher to refund travelling expenses, advanced by them on account of teacher's removal from one school to-another, and proffered by the Oouncil yn condition that the tendier would not leave their service for three years. They have dismissed the teacher ? This deoends upon the nature of the agreement intered into with tlie Council of Education. We believe that tho Council does not grant travelling expenses to teacliers except upon their special application, there being no regulation on the subject. (3.) Can you give mo the peoper address of Mr. M'Elhone, M.P. ? Legislative Assembly. Constant Reader (Caramut) asks-(l.) I am troubled with scurf on the head, it even comes on my cye-browt and in my ears. I have tried several different reme< dies, even shaving my head, but without effect. 1 think it must arise from my blood. The last remedy I tried was one which a doctor prescribed for a bad caso of scurf in a friend of mine. It was a mixture composed of potash, syrup of dandelion, and sarsapa rilla, to be taken internally, and an ointment which had the odour of carbolic acid. I shaved my head before applying the ointment, but tlie remedy wily had a temporary effect, for it soon appeared again. Ï have tried creosote lotion. If you could tell me a remedy that would effectually remove it I would be extremely grateful to you ?-The best remedy for scurf is a mix ture of borax, camphor, and sulphur in boiling water. When cool apply to roots of hair with a flannel. (2.) I am nearly eianteen years of age, and Ï am only five feet two-and-three-quarter inches in height. Would you bo kind enough to tell me a way to lengthen my lower limbs anil increase my growth ?-We must decline to advise. Sliprails (Merriwa) asks-(1.) My neighbour's sheep aro continually trespassing on nvy land. I have noticed him to keep them off, but he only treats me with con tempt. What course should I take to compel him lo keep them away, the pound being too far to take them there ?-Suo him. (2.) If I put Iho sheep in my yard what damages or expenses can I claim, or am 1 justified in holding possession of them until released by payment of full amount?-You can only impound temporarily, four days being_ the limit, and you must give notice to the owner within twenty-four hours. One penny per head is the rate, and tho oumer must pay this; but you must take the sheep to the pound after the four days. (3.) yVUl it be sufficient to de liver the sheep to owner for amount?-You can do so, but if you do not recover more th an the amount whùth is allowed under the Act you cannot get costs. (4. ) What is the utmost amount I can claim under tl» Impounding Act, my fence not being sheep-proof?-' One penny per head in grass paddocks, id per head in cultivation. J. L. (Young) asks-Last Christmas I had occasion to slop in a certain town on my way home. I had ;in my possession two horses, dray, and harness, together with £29. Having taken a few glasses of grog in a public-house, I got stupidly drunk. Tlie conseguence was the publican got a receipt drawn ly his groom, purporting to be signed by me, for the sale of my horses and dray, for less by far thanthe value of them, J am capable of writing a good legible hand. The signature affixed to tlie above receipt was an X. The publican says he gave me a certain amount of money at night, and in tlie morninq following^ apprised me of it, which of course I denied, not having the slightest Jùnowledge of any transactions with him, being onl/y four days in his house, and he sent me home without a shillinq. I value my horses and dray and cash at ¿8100. dan I sue him at any time for detention of property, two of my principal witnesses being away ai present?-If you can prove what yon say the salo would be upset. Sue the publican for the horses anil dray, if he refuses to give them to you. Lex Scripta (Tinonee) asks-In January, 1878, ¿ purchased a property and paid a portion of the pur chase money. Inthe receipt given to me for the amount paid, the seller slates that he will hand me the title deeds upon receipt of the balance. Subsequently, I entered into an arrangement to pay interest on the balance, and now hold a letter from the seller instruct ing me to pay that balance into a bank to his credit " when in a position to do so," no limitation as to time being staled. I, of course, was willing to pay the required interest till able to do so, as above instructed, Recently I have had an advantageous offer for the pro perly, hy accepting which I would be able to pay balance of principal, and then have a reasonable profit upon the transaction. I informed the party from whom I bought the place that in a short time ï would be prepared to comply with his written instructions now in my possession, and have received notice fron him that ï cannot sell thoproperty. Can he disputem% claim lo sell the property in the circumstances abovx stated, or to hold it?-There is nothing to prevent yon paying the balance and demanding a conveyance, and selling the property, lt would not le wise to sell it until you know you can get a title. Novice (Oaks)-Your best plan ts to get a qood house keeper to show you hoxo to prepare yeast and set broad. There are plenty such in your neighbourhood. Yeast is made by putting sugar, water, and hops into a saucepan to boil for half an hour, mash a couple of boiled potatoes, and put the whole in a couple oj bottles and stand them in a warm place to work. Time bottles will keep for months by adding a little sugar, flour, and water occasionally. When the yeast is ready, the flour, say Gib, is put into a dish, a.hollo*) is made in the middle and a couple of quarts of luke warm water, into which about a pint ofyour yeast ha* been put, is poured in. Let the whole stand near lh% fire, but not loo closejor three or four hours or until-it rises to tho lop of the dish. Take il out and onead ii well, using an/ flour to keep ii from stícldng to fht hands or thc baking board. A small handful of sall should be put into theftour with the yeast. You may then put the kneaded douqh into tine or a large tin, which should not be more than one-third fittt. aa il will swell much in baking, or you can put it tn» a camp oven without tins, and put it into a heated oven. One or two lessons from a farmer's wife would give you a better insight than six months of practice vtâh ¿he best receipt in the world by your side. 