I rictorianNo f en. At n meeting of tho Cabinot held on Friday , lust it was decided t» postpone tho meeting of Parliament till < the 22ud of February. Tho dischargo of Elliston, tho' Into chief officer of the R.AI.S. Aroca, by tho mams- tonal bunch in Englaud on,, as it would appear from tho tenor of tlio cablegram informing us of that fact, tho grounds— first; of a fatal mistake in the warrant for his arrest; and secondly, on that of the insufficiency of tho evidence of the soi- ( disant accomplice, Wieborg, forma another heavy blow and discouragement to the police forco of Victoria. With tho man Wioberg at largo iu tho Gippslaml ranges, and his alleged . principal in tho Avoca gold robbery onco more a free man, and apparently safe from any furthor prose cution, there is now every reason to beliovo that the journey of Dotoctivo Atackay to Loudon will result in as great a fiasco in its way ns that of his confreres to tho banks of thu Tarwiu River. Considerable doubt, says tho Melbourne correspondent of the " Bondigo Adver tiser," having been expressed as to tlio possibility of the completion of tlio Oak- leigh railway so fur as to hnvo it ready for traffic by tho end of the present month— tho contract time— i may stnto that tho progress recently mado nith the works bus beon so rapid, that Alessrs. lligghtsaml Wright, tho contractors for tho line, are quite confident that they will bo ablo to fulfil their engagements in tlmt respect. Tho forward state of the works is no doubt due in a groat measure to tho carrying on of operations at night by the aid of tho olectrlc light— an in vention which has thus already proved of practical benefit to the colony. .A girl named Alary Nelson narrowly escaped being burnt to death at Ingle- wood on tho 10th iust. A kcrosono lamp was by accident upset in a concert room during a performance, and burnt all tho seats in tho room, sovoral of tho audience beiug- injured and tlio young woman, whose name we have givon, being fear fully burnt. Upon examination at tho .hospital it was found that ouo- fitfli of the outiro surface of tho body on the loft side hud beon burnt, Aliss Roaina Oavanditii has been giving very successful concerts at Sandhurst. ;Tlio "Ago" is informed that proceedings for libol havo boon instituted by Dr. Lynn, the conjuror,'" 'through Alessrs. Gaunt and Alann, against the "Slawoll Chronicle" and the " Talbot Leader"; iu the case of tlio former .paper for publish ing a statement to the 'effcol. that Dr. Lynn did not pay for tlio use of tho hull ho exhibited in, ami nguimit ilio latter for stating that ho had boon caught cutting a paragraph out of a paper in the Bullarat Alochnnics' Institute reading-room. The Sou I H Atelbonniu Oriokct Club las beaten tho Canterbury team by an itttuti" aud 5)3 num. ( Alderman ADAvlhur, ALT., left for Sydnoy in tluv Louiu on Wednesday last, ,lJ)d after a short stay in Now South Wales lie-will . prooood to England- -Uy-the iorrcs Straits route, The rumor that Sir Bryan O'Loughlen Is about to, .take, a seat ou tlio bench is authoritatively 1 contradicted. . Should it bo fouud necessary tfi appoint s fifth judge,, the question will bo dealt with on publio grounds, und Sir Bryan will- contiuuo. to act as Premier until Air. Borry, returns# Tlio Tavares-'Australasian libel caao, saya the (Melbourne ' 'correspondent of . tho V Independent," is to coino on in 'February, and will bo . one of/ the most amusing that we have ovor. had, as some remarkable disclosures are bound to ,bo( made, In regard to, this, it is to bo noted? that f Talrite " has, disappeared from. the columns of tlio/1 Australasian." This is, however, only a ruse, for it most bo plain .to eyoryono that if '"Tahito" did 'not write last "week's criticismj thon his; ghost must have boon .tlio inditor, for have?wai not Mrs. Apploton praised up to the nines, and John Honnings run down, and .is not. the stylo tlmt of the admirer or Aliss, 'Sheppimlo I I atn told on good authority; that !Dr. Noild.is still the writor, though I disclaim any wish to impute the author ship !to him if lib denies ho wrotu.it. ; , ' The Australian Eleven played their last match ou tho 10th inst. at Inglewood, where they defeated "a" team of twenty-' two/ The moujbors of the Elevon will now- return to their/ various avocations, tho i Sydnoy players proceeding hpme overland in tho courso of a fow days. r .Tlio names of the successful candidates (says tlio M Telegraph")1 ' in thu cohipo-. tition recently held foc.two clerkships, in the Alelbourno branch of tho: Royal Mint are A. AI. Lo Souef and AI. Jv 1 ICeano. The1 report of the examiners' upon the nnnlifinuh'niiR nf : tliu enndidatos . ihai been dolaycd by the pressure of other' business. : 