THE CENTRAL BOARD OF HEALTH. The report of the Central Board of Health for the year ending on March 31, which has just been published, affords evidence of the. necessity to which we have frequently drawn attention of amended legislation in respect of sanitary matters. The meagre reports of the proceedings of the Board which have appeared from time to time have given rise to adverse comments as to the utility of that body under its present adminis tration. Hence it is satisfactory to learn that they have shown greater activity in the suppression of nuisances during the past year so far as their powers have permitted, and that as a consequence there Lave been fewer breaches of the Public Health Act than hitherto. The work of the Board has increased with the growth of the population, but notwith standing ihis circumstance only two persons have been proceeded against at law. This statement would be gratifying if it could be accepted as a proof that more attention is now devoted by the community in general to sanitary matters. There is unfortunately reason to be lieve that such, is not the case. It is undeniable that in Adelaide the majority of the poorer classes pay but little heed to sanitary matters, and too frequently live in extremely un healthy surroundings, mostly of their own creation. The foetid drains and reeking cesspita, which are generally found in the neighbourhood of small cottages, and the uncleanly and unhealthy condition of the watertablea in narrow streets and lanes, are noticeable to the leaai acuta observer, and are unquestionably the cause of much disease and ill-health. It is true that over these the Central Board have little or no jurisdiction. Their power is un Foitunately confined to making sugges tions the carrying out of which they are not in a position to enforce upon the local authorities, and hence they cannot fairly be called to account in this respect. There is an obvious anomaly ia thus restricting the powers of a Board which to be thoroughly serviceable to the com munity should be invested with ample power to compel compliance with its behests. As it is, it can call for reports from Local Boards, it can make recommendations, and offer suggestions, but there is eo means by which it can compel these Boards to raise fund's to give effect to what is required. , Thus, many local bodies set the central authority at defiance. Even in some cases where the recommendations of the latter have nomi nally been attended to, the remuneration given to the persons appointed to carry ibem out is so inadequate as to lead to carelessness and neglect of duly, of which many complaints have been made. The activity displayed by the Central Board has, however, evoked a similar spirit in many local Inspectors, to whose efforts commendatory allusion is made. A great difficulty experienced in con trolling the sanitary condition of the city ia the limited area of the ground attached to small buildings. That this is a crying evil will not be denied by any one who has watched the progress of building operations in and around Adelaide during the past year. Buildings are now starting up in every direction, and of these the majority are small edifices, intended for the use of persons of moderate means. Owing partly to the increasing costliness of land, and partly to the high rentals now prevailing, builders are economizing space as much as possible, and the result is that rows of houses are being ercsted having nothing but the tiniest of back yards connected with them and being provided with the most inadequate drain age arrangements. The works now being entered upon for getting rid of sewage will no doubt do away with much of the inconvenience at present felt, but it is obviously desirable that some check should be placed upon the erection of cramped-up and unhealthy houses, whether in the city or in the suburbs. There is no doubt that a Building Act, dealing with thi3 among other questions, is urgently needed. The. revelations recently made as . to the con dition of numerous dwelling-houses in the city fully bear out the report of the Central Board' as to the objectionable crowding together of filthy and unwhole some dwellings. An important question touched upon in the report is the state of the dairies and cowyards in the city and in the country districts. Although no statistics are given, it is clear from the report that the con dition of many of these establishments is far from satisfactory. There are but few dairies, properly so called, in the colony ; but a great number of the sheds and cowyards were found to be dirty at the time of inspection. As the examina tion took place in the rainy season some allowance must be made, but bearing in mind the reports on the subject submitted by the City Health Officer and by others qualified to pro nounce an opinion — among them a former member of the Central Board of Health — it is clear that some better system of supervision is required. It is urged that, following the system in force in England, proprietors of dairies should be licensed and their premises subjected to periodical inspection, and there is no doubt that some such legislation would be productive of very beneficial results. The Board also urge upon the attention of the Government the necessity, for action in regard to the nuisances caused by some trades carried on in the city. No par ticulars are given, but it is represented that the State should consider whether 'the trades of tanning, soap-boiling, candle- making, and others of a noxious character should not be relegated to a distance from centres of popula tion, it is to oe presumed tnat tae Board are satisfied that such trades are injurious to public health. Whether this is bo or not, it is an undoubted fact that they are often extremely offensive to residents 'in their neighbourhood, and efforts should be directed not only to prevent their multiplication within the city, but also to secure upon equitable terms the removal of those now esta blished in thickly populated parts of 'Adelaide. There are other portions ol the report relating to vital statistics, schools, cesspits, hotels, and so forth, which indicate that the Board have been doing useful work during the twelvemonth. We have frequently expressed the opinion that much more might be done, but the record of what has been accomplished affords abundant justification for the annual cost which the maintenance of the Board entails upon the coinnamty. The chief ground of complaint now ia that the action of the central sanitary authorities is greatly hampered by legislation which ia simply permissive instead of being coercive in its character. Fokt Diew» SHiprixa. — The bs. Ocean ar rived at Port Darwin on Sunday, from Hobs kocjt, with 300 tons of cargo, and she Bailed for Sydney on Tuesday. Thb Btdgbt Spbsch.— In November bit tbe Hon. G. Mann made a short statement to the House of Assembly, giving his view of the finances of ;he colony as they presented them selves to his mind on taking office as Treasurer but on Tuesday, Augnst 5, he made what may be termed his first great Budget speech. In opening he referred with a slight sense of humour to his unfortunate experience as Treasurer— first in connection with the float ing of the loan in January last, and low when he hid ji cash deficit st˚ him in tbe f«ce. He then proceeded to give the actual facts with regard to last year's revenue and expenditure. Mr. Boncaut's estimate in July last of thb revenue for 157?-'.) was £1,672,841, whilst his in Novem ber—four months liter— wm £l,'02,S41. Mr. Boss had twitted him with underrating the revenue to the extent of £150,000, but he was sorry to wy that that hoi. member was not right. The actual revenue bad been £1,631,675 14a. 7i, sbowiDg a deficiency upon his estimate of £40,965, and upon Mr. Boucaut's of £11,165. It was nevertheless a gratifying fact that the total showed an increase apon the prece ding twelve months of £160,000. The deficiency was made up on one line alone— that of Customs. There were deficiencies on other lines, bat they were covered by excesses on others. The fallisg-off in the revenue was attributable to the bad season through which they had passed. They started last year with a cash balance of £44,907, and they closed it with a cash deficit of £61,563 lls. 3d. Inclusive of the unexpended balances the deficit last year wii £147,407; while this year it was £235.963. «o that they had gone to the bad some £3S,553. Ih answer to the charge that the present Govern* rnent had not carried out public works as energetically as their predecessors, he mentioned the fact that while during 1S77-S the amount of £220,549 was expended on railways and other public works, yet in 1878-9 they had spent £582,338, showing an increase of £361,789. This waa from the general revenue, and from loans they had expended £1,228,519, or £42,000 more than in the preceding year. ~ The total unexpended balances reached £254,714, bat they only intended ta bring forward £l~4,3S0. The difference amount ing to £80,330 would not be brought forward, bat against that they had excesses on votes to the extent of £70,667. After referring to afewof the larger unexpended balances which he would not bring forward, and to some of the excesses on votes, he stated thtt in addition to the deficit of £235,963 the Supplementary Estimates would reach another £30,0C0 or £40,C00. He then proceeded to speak of the requirements for the coming year. He should, he said, want £2,090,309. AmoDg the increases would ba the sum of £23,019 for a permanent military force, which the Government intended to bring forward again ; and among the savings would be about £30,000 on Immigration, the sum set down for this year being £50,C00 agaiust £80,000 last year. The increase on the Estimates proper was only £21,810 more than in the preceding twelve months. The bonded debt would be augmented from £307,114 to £371,472, including six months' interest on the two millions which they proposed to borrow in January rext. He estimated his revenue for 1875) SO from general sources would be £1324,087, against £U92,345 hst year. From Lrnds he anticipated £J31,500; bat bis revenue would only just cover the expenditure, so that the deficiency would be left where he found it, without taking into account the Supplementary Estimates, which would be another £20,000 to £40,000. As to the bonded debt, that now reached £6.605,500, while they had power to issue bonds to the extent of £3,294,600 more, and for various public works which would be required during the ensuing year another million sterling would have to be burrowed. In answer to the important question as to how he proposed to meet the deficiency, he said he did not propose to touch the Customs, bat it was his intention to introduce a taxation Bill; based apon a novel scheme soggestel to him by Mr. Wood, the Accountant of the In solvent Court. He did not explain the operation of the scheme, but be stated that it would in clude a tax of Cd. in the pound on re ceipts from accumulated capital, 3d. upon busi ness earnings, and 3d. in the pound on all incomes beginning at £300. From these sources he expected to receive from £80,000 to £100,(K 3 a year, which would be sufficient gradually to extinguish tbe large deficit he had shown existed. He intimated that in the event of this Bill being carried he would take steps to readjust the incidence of taxation through the Customs, but he did not expect to do that this year. To show the sound financial position of the colony, he mentioned that while they owed £6\Cfl5,500 they had £3,189,641 worth of railways, their other public works might be set dowu at £3,050.000, while £4,461,305 was dua on lands which had been sold, making the value of theirpnblic estate something like £11,700,000, without, taking any notice of the 235,000,000 acies of land which were still unsold. In concluding, the hon. gentleman entered into a comparison between New South Wales and South Australia, showing that while tbe former had sold between 1874-8 £10,428,876 and the latter £1,608 *234 worth of land, yet the latter, with a population only one-third of the older colony, cultivated 1,828,115 acre* of land, being more than three times tbe quantity cul tivated by New South Wales. He closed his speech with an eloquent reference to the resources and climate of the colony, and ex pressed the belief that South Australia would — to paraphrase the words of Sir Grivan Duffy — become ' A fairer Athens and s freer Borne.' GOVBBKMEXT SCUSIDIBS AXD THB POSTAI. Sebvices.— We have to acknowledge the receipt from Messrs. J. Stilling & Go. the report, printed in pamphlet form, of a Committee of investigation acting at the request of Messrs. Anderson, Anderson, & Co., and Messrs. F. Green & Co.. the joint managers of the Orient Steam Navigation Company. Tbe report gives a history of the India and Chin Mail services from 1837 to 1880, and tbe P. & O. Company's connection with those services. It appears that from the 1st of February, 1863, to 1st February, 1880, tbe amount paid and payable by the Im perial Government to the P. & O. Company in respect of subsidy reaches the enormous sum of £5,350,000, exclusive of the subsidies for the Australian service and from other quarters, amounting to upwards of one million and a half sterling more. The contention of the authors of the report, which also deals with the new India and Australian mail services, is that the time has arrived for the careful reconsideration of mail routes, and for the ''subdivision of the service, probably resulting in its distribution among various competing Companies.'1 The Bbaots Act. — Notwithstanding the movement which has been made for the repeal of this Act, we find on enquiry that over seventy brands have been allotted daring the last month, nearly all to small owners, and a general wish has been expressed to the Chief Secretary that the Act may pot be repealed but amended, more particularly in that part which referred to the way bill. We understand that only two brands similar to those nsed under the system adopted here have been issued by the New South Wales Registrar of Brands, and it is not his intention to issue any more, so that a distinct system of brands will be maintained in the three colonies. Thb Gawleb Tbajtway. — Our Gawler corre spondent writes, as follows :— 'Mr. H. W. Mortimer, the contractor for the haulage on the Gawler Tramway, has given written notice to the Government that on and after September 1 he will terminate big contract. He has befln induced to take this step on account of the Government not taking sufficient interest in the tramway to get sidings laid down at the various establishment? slong the tramway, which he was led to believe would be the case when he took the contract. Mr. Mortimer wishes it particu larly to be understood tbat he is not seeking more pay, and indeed be positively states he does not a&k; for more. Tbe Govern ment have also failed to erect a goods shed at the terminal point at tho north end of the the traffic i* consequently diverted into other channels, and is conveyed from the Gawler Railway Station by private carters. Up to the pnscut tirre the ocly siding1! that have been pat in are Mr. Dawsou's and Mr. C. G. Koediger's, acd the contractor finds it impossible to make itsnffieienlly remunerative to himself.' Good Te-Mplahy.— The officers of the Missing Link No. 1 of tbe South Australian Grand Ledge elected for the ensuing quarter were installed on Monday, August 4, in tbe Lodge rocm, Carringtou-strtet, br the G.W.O.T., W. B. Stephens, assisted by Brother Simpson, S.R., of the K. W. Grand lodge of the World and the Floating Lodges. Tbe reports read by the retiring officers were satisfactory, showing a balance iu favcur of the Lodge _ of £8 12*. Brother Simpson gave an interesting account of tbe state of the Order in the various countries be had visited, and especially in America, where he l?d gone through many of the States. The rctrobers of the Good Shepherd Lodge were present; on a visit, and the Lodge closed with tbe csnal ceremonies. ?? ? '?? LicHTca Tjui Poet Eivbr.— The gas beacons, which have been elected at a coat of over ten thousand $mnds (says oar Shipping Reporter), promise to be a source of considerable trouble. They were advertised to be lighted early in July, but from some unforeseen circumstances tbe iilumiBatioa w»s not carried oat, and now it ia stated they will not te lighted till a future day, which will be notified. INQUEST AT MARRABEL — An inquest was held on the body of a man named Patrick Heffernan, aged 77, who was found dead on the premises of Mr. J. Penney, Marrabel, on July 30. Mr. F. G. Richardson, J.P., acted as Coroner, and W. Polkinghorn was chosen Foreman of the Jury, who returned the following verdict: - 'Died from apoplexy accelerated by drink.' Thb Hoijiut.— To-day will be observed m a public holiday in honour of the Duke of Edin burgh's Birthday. The principal attraction* are the Newmarket Races, on the Horpbettvillo Coarse, and the military sports on the Oral. In the evening a military ball will take place at the Town Hall, Norwood. Tea and public meetings will be held in the Flinders-street Bapti3t Church, and au entertainment will be given in the Town Hall to augmmt the funds of the Young Men's library iu coimeclion with St. Francis Xavier'n Hill. Nhwu/wbt Racks.— The meeting fixed for to-day at Morphettville in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh's Birthday with fine weather ought to be hugely attended. Tbe Hunt races should furnish good sport. Abdallah is strongly in favour for both tbe Hurdle Race and Steeple chase. Tbe acceprince* for the flat race* clow at scale, but Mount&iuoer; and Orator are with drawn from all their engagements at tbe maet ing. The police authorities notified to Mr. Barnard last evening that they consider the ♦stalizatar to be an instrument coming within the prohibitive provisions of the Gaming Act, so that it is somewhat uncertain wbetner the public will have a chance of investing money by this medium. The first race starts at half past 1. Arrangements as to trains will be found in our advertising columns. Thb Last L»as.— From a return prepared as an appendix to the Treasurcri Budgeft speech, we learn thai for the loan of £120.300 Uken up in August, 1S78, £1,175,100 sold in January lait, and £135,700 sold in March, the average price offered was £89 3s. The actual net realiza tion, after making deductions for expeuwss, is put down as £68 Is. 5id. per cent, and tbe sum netted to the undertakings for which thd money was borrowed at £S8 13s. 4|d. percent. CcrroKS Duties.— In anticipation that the Treasurer's Budget speech would indicate some alterations In tbe Customs tariff, an unusual quantity of goods has been cleared from bond during the last few days. At the Customs Office in Adelaide for the week ending August 2, £14*02 10s. 9d. was paid ; for tbo succeeding two days, £2,711 5s. 3d. This amount was collected mainly on sparkling wines, spirit*, and especially unmanufactured tobacco. A large quantity of the same articles has been cleared at the Port, where £3,70011*.. 8d. was paid iu dutie - on Monday ; but, a* will be seen elsewhere, the alarmists were deceived, as the Treesrrer has no intentiaa of touching the Customs in his endeavour to increase the revenue. Plumgidge's Cash.— In the Assembly on Tuesday the Attorney-General Btated, in reply to Mr. Hare, that the police had requested that an enquiry might be made into the case of George Plumridge, and such enquiry should bo made. Tub Miutabt Sports.— There ought to be a great gathering at the Oval to-dty if the volun teers find any favour with tbe public at all, for an excellent programme of sports has been arranged, and tbe competitors have been prac tising steadily the last few months in order to - fit themselves for tbe contest*. The list ot events, some twenty-three, comprises foot and hurdle races, bayonet and sword exercises, singlestick contests, the tug of war, and other exciting trials of skill or strength. Lsdy Jervois is to present the prizes. AsTnojromcAx.— The appearance of Venm ta bread daylight attracted a good deal of atten tion on Tuesday afternoon, the atmosphere being very clear at tbe time. It may aid those who wish to see this planet under similar cir cumstances without a telescope to be informed that it passes the meridian to-day at 2 h.47 min. p.m., and about a minute and a half earlier oa-. each succeeding day. Its zenith distance is now about: 34°, and it will attiin its greates1; brilliancy on August 19. The spectator should btand in a deep sbsde. - IUrrwAY Pabsbkokb Traffic.— In 1875 6 th ? total number of passengers carried on the Souta Australian railways was 1,226,825, who contri buted £66,496 to the revenue. In the financial-' period of 1878-9 the receipts were £110,563, and the number oi passengers waa 2,432,945. Customs Rhtubhs,— In 1869, when the mean population was set d ^wn at 178,722, tbe revenue from Customs was £224,607. In 1878 the popu lation was 243,253, and the revenue from duties £511,4£6. First Dat of thb OsntiXAX Bnrwos.— On Tuesday, August 5, the Criminal Sit*' tings commenced before His Honor tbe Chief Justice. Most of the prisoners were arraigned, * and in several cases of self-confession sentence was pronounced. Courtney Bond was sentenced to two years, with hard labour, for stealing from tbe person ; William Taylor received a similar sentence for larceny as a servant ; Robert Alfred Handley was also sentenced to two years far forging* and ottering ; and Edward Thomas Houlsen to two years and six months for embezzlement. Philip Brown Fox pletded not guilty to a charge of forcing acd uttering, and guilty to obtaining goods and money by false pre tences ; Alexander MoOoy pleaded guilty to two charges of bousebreaking and theft, and was remanded till Friday for sentence ; and Robert Patrick Prentice pleaded guilty to a- charge of stealing from ? the person. Tbe Court at it* ? rising adjourned till to-morrow morning, at 10 o'clock. Bamkino Statistics.— An interesting return, showing tbe total deposits in tbe B«nk* during the June quarter of the several years from 1871 to 1879 inclusive, has been prepared in tbe Treasury Department. In 1871 the amount was £1,335,076. A steady increase every year ia eliowu nntil 1878, when the sum reached £3,5O9,346, but in 1879 a large reduction is shown, the figures being £3,301,440. lllttlSTIAfl UJUAfJ-L, UBUl£-E.lBJUfT.— A US» and public meeting in connection with the recent pajment of the debt on this chapel was held on Tuesday evening, August 5. A largo number of persons sat down to tea, and at the nif etiDg tbo cborch wss well filled. The Hon. P. Sau* 7, M.L.C., presided at the meeting, and in his opening rernvks said that tbe debt had t e en cleared off 1 y the voluntary offerings of the members of tbe Chcrcb without resorting to any extraneous or extraordinary means. Tho Treasurer (Mr. Gall) stated that in July, 1874, the debt on the chuich was £1,650. ThiR amount was reduced to £1,000 by the end or 1877. Ia February, 1879, a member of tbe Chnrch pre mised a considerable amount if tbe congregation would make up the balance. The imtter wii taken op and circulars were issued, which were to be returned with the amount promised by tho «3d of July, 1S79. Tbe result was that £l,O0J had been collected during tho six months, and they were now out of debt. Messrs. T. J. Gore, J. D. Smith, Stevenson, AVoolcock, Kidnrr, and Laurie gave short addnsBi?, ond several hymns were sung during the evening. pHiLOEonncAi. Sociktt.— The usual monthly meeting of the Adelaide PliiloRopiiical Society was held in the Soutli Australian Institute on Tuesday evening, August 5, when there was a small attendance. Some interesting informa tion upon the subject of diamonds was given by Mr. Cloud, a visitor introduced by Professor Tate. A paper upon the symptoms and treat ment of sunstroke was read by Dr. Joyce ; and Mr. £. Cooke, M.P., gave an able address on the subject of museums, wbhh will be published shortly. The President gave notice of motion for next meeting to tbe effect that, in tbe event of the Board of Governors of the Institute being called upon to decide upon the question of opening tbe Museum on Sunday afternoons, the Society reque*t its representative to vote iu favour of throwing open the Museum on Sunday. Norwood UAFtibt jlectukb halt. — ah entertaining lecture was delivered on Tuesday evening, August 5, at tbe Baptiit Lecture Hall, Norwood, by the Rev. B. Fairey, on 'Father laj lor, the Sailor Preacher.' A musical enter tainment was also given by the choir of the - Flinders-street * Baptist Church, Mr. James Crocker presiding at the piano. Then was a moderate but appreciative audience. A CuEiocs Fikd.— On Tuesday a revolver, containing seven chambers, each of which was leaded, was picked up on the railway, dose to the Victoria Mill, Oawlcr. Soire curiosity was excited when the f«ct became known as to how the weapon came to be there— whether .it bid been thrown out of a ptssing train, or whether it had bf en put where found for some malevo lent purpose. The finder is advertising for the owner. Stock Masaoeb.— An English paper states that Mr. John Cbristison, who has for some years ably managed tho stock and home farm of the Doke of Roxbtu-ghe at Floor* Oastle was about to leave for fioutb Australia, where be will hsve the management of the fashionably bred shorthorn herd and famous stud of Clydes dales belonging to Mr. Angas. Vital Statistics.— The number of births rnd deaths registered in the General Register Office during tbe week ended Saturday, August 2, were :— Births, 149 males, 127 females; deaths, 44 mules, 41 female* ; total : 276 births, 85 deaths: excess of births. 191. The District of Adelaide-KirthF, 42 males, 27 [^'i death*. 13 males, 16 females; total: 69 births. 31 deiths; excess of births. J-8. TtncHASB of Me&ujs.; Johh Hcmaxiss axd Co.'s Ket/'L Brfu«tr8 -We notice that Messrs. Marshall & Taylor have become tbe purchaser* of Messrs. John Hodgkiss k Oo.'s retail busmew, and tbat tbe purchasers will carry on the business under that style and title. Nobtbs&h; Thbbitobt ExHiBrra fob Stsxst. —The Government Besident at Fort Darwin fcaa telegraphed to the Minister of Education the following list of the articles which are being forwarded from the Northern Territory for exhi bition at Sydney, per s.s. Tambora, which sailed from Port Darwin on August 2 -.—Specimens of aarif-jons quartz and other rocks ; large block cf surface quartz from B. Knotty Claim, Irtdy Alice Reef; four specimen of quartz from Union Prospectors' Claim; twelve apecimens of quartz from Tenmnt and Ping Qaee'a Claim, Union Beef; collection of quartz from \cm\ct on Westcott'a Claim. Union; speci mens of quart: from Macleans Claim, Union; specimens of quartz from the Extended Union; specimens of gold in ironstone from Pine Creek ; specimens of quartz from Pine Creek ; specimens of quartz from Yam Creek ; specimens of auriferous quartz in a decemposed state ; iron pyrites with gold from BeeUon'B Claim, Howley Keef ; auriferoHS quartz from John Bull Beef; auriferocs quartz from Staple ton Beef ; specimen of quartz with organic traces of fracture from Lady Alice Eeef ; specimens cf slate with organic traces from Yam Creek alluvial diggings; specimens of igneous lock with organic tracings ; specimens of copper from sur face of large lode six miles from Pine Creek ; sur face copper from Howley Creek ; tin sand from ?which gold has been washed from McKLinlay Kiver; ironstone and limestone from Powells Creek ; specimen, showing thickness of copper bearing quartz, and granite specimens, collected and exhibited by Mr. J. G. Knight, Chief Warden of the Gold-fields; Government photographic views of Palmeratan and Southport, taken by Mr. Inspector Foelsche, showing buildings and sections of the town of Palrueraton, the harbour of Port Darwin and the jetty at Soathport. Also portraits of twenty- four natives of the Larra kreyah tribe ; portraits of eight natives of the Port Kssingten tribe; fourteen natives of the Waggite and one of the YTolwonga tribes. Speci mens ef native timber, including ironbark, paperbark, eucalyptus, mild wood, native ficus, lance wood, tecoma, cypress, pine and red lowered cotton wood; specimens of maize, native coffee, sugarcane from inferior soil. Specimens of alluvial gold — From Sandy Greek, 4-6 oz. 8 dwt. 12 gr. ; Yam Creek and Foun tain Head, 365 oz. 6 dwt. 12 gr.; Pine Creek, 2t32 oz. 2 dwt ; McKislay, 317 oz. — totil, 1.370 oz 17 dwt.: total value. £4.999 19a. lOd. Keal Pbofestt . aud Deeds Bhoistrt Offices. — From a return prepared by the Kegistrar-General we learn that in the financial - year 1378-9 there were 17,047 transactions in the Linda Titles Office, or an increase of 946 ever the previous year. The fees received were £15,410, being an increase of £613. In the General Registry Office (deeds branch) there were 3,SS5 transactions, showing' 476 more than is 1S77-8. the fees being £2^11, and the increase in revenue £180. Mb- HianiBOTHJLsr. — Mr. Thomas Higin batkaro, late Engineer-in- Ohief of Victoria, was pr.sent in the Assembly Chamber on Tuesday during the delivery of the Budget speech. IjisnoBATioH. — From a return signed by the Secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration we learn that ia 1375-8 the number of immigrants introduced at the public expense was 3,848; in 1876-7, 8,508; in 1877-8, 4J34 ; and in 1878-9, 4,845- The proposal for 1679-SO is 'to introduce as many of the persons who have been nominated by their friends in the colony as may be safely brought into the c*lony without interfering with the labour market' Laxd Sates.— From the date of the passing of the Land Act of 1868-9 to June 30, 1879, the number of acres sold for cash has been 1,414,495 acres, and on credit 3,065,329, making a total of 4,479,824 acres n 1869, 40,759 acres were selected on credit ; and in 1870, 90476 acres. For the three following yean the amount Dearly approached 300,000 acres, and in 1874 the total was 352^166. In 1S75 there was an increase of 200,000 acres, and in. 1876 the area selected was about the same. In 1877, the total of 614,472 was reached, and in 1S76 there was a slight falling off, the acreage take np being 609,303. Daring the first six months of the present year 218,317 acres were selected. The area sold and selected from the foundation of the colony to June 30, 1878, is 8,279,023 acres. For this £8,813,923 has been paid, and £4,345,893 is outstanding on credit selections. Thb Local Cottbts Act.— On Tuesday Mr. J. W. Downer had occasion to apply to the S-SL at the Adelaide Local Court for a warrant to apprehend a debtor against whom judgment had been given, and who was suspected of an inten tion to abscond, but the Magistrate pointed oat that he could not grant the warrant under that Act because judgment had been given. While the matter is simply in dispute a warrant to arrest an absconding debtor can be issued, but, strange to aay, as soon as the matter at issue is settled there seems to be no power to prevent a debtor from escaping from the scene of his diffi culties and avoiding his engagements. Isqcbstat Behves Plains.— An inquest was held by Mr. B. S. Bnrkitt, J.P., at Beeves Plains, on Sunday, August 3, touching the death of Mr?. ATaeella HaJlion, aged seventy-three, who died somewhat suddenly on Friday, the 1st instant. Mr. William Powell was chosen foreman of the Jury. It appears that the deceased was not supposed to be seriously ill, but had been ailing for some time. The Jury therefore brought in a verdict to the effect that death was the result of natural causes. HOBTICn.TUKAL AND FLOBlCCr.TTJBAxSoCIBXT. — A committee meeting of this Society was held on Tuesday afternoon in the room of the Chamber of Manufactures, at which seven members were present. The chair was taken by Mr. O. Zeigler. Tbe Secretary (Mr. Hackett) reported that he had engaged the Town Hall for the purposes of the October Sbow, and the prize-list for that occa sion was revised. Equity Btjseibss. — On Tuesday morning His Honor the Chief Justice sat in Equity, and delivered his reserved judgment in the suit of Hargreave and Wife v. Browne. It is long and analytical, and dismisses the plaintiff's bill with, costs. Bhotvolhst Meeting ax Stbathalbts. — -Some months ago Mr. 'Win. Wesley, a much respected carrier on the Strathalbyn-road, was killed near Orafers. By his death his wife and five or six children were left almost unprovided for. A few friends therefore started a subscrip tion, and from people living between Adelaide and Wellington the sum of £216 was collected. A meeting was held at Strathalbyn on Monday evening, August 4, to consider what should ba done with the money. It was resolved to appro { riste £135 of it in the purchase of a house and email block of land for the family, and to hand the balance over to Mrs. 'Wesley. AinaYKRSABT. — me anniversary oi me United Methodist Free Church, Borrside, was held on Sunday and Monday, August 3 and 4 Sermons were preached on Sunday by Mr. S Taylor and tbe Kev. B. P. Mudge. On Monday, tea and public meetings were held. Addresses were delivered by the Circuit minister and Mr. S. Taylor, and recitations by Mr. J. Smith, ot' North Adelaide. The choir sang select pieces during the evening. There was a large attend ance, and gcod collections were made. GlLBERT-STHHET DKAPEB MhMOHIAL CaXRCH Schoolbouji. — The foundation-stone of this schoolroom will be laid by Mr. M. H. Madge this afternoon. In the evening tea and public meetings will take place in the church. Beckst F-bb at Pout Adelaide.— The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward) held an enquiry at the Exchange Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday afternoon, August 5, as to the origin of the fire which occurred at Mr. T. Jackson's shop, Com c.ercial-road, early on the preceding morning. Mr. T. J. King watched the proceedings on behalf of tbe Imperial Insurance Company, and Sir. H. F. Downer frr Mr. Jackson. Constable lire tuner stated that having been informed of the fire he proceeded to the scene and arrived there about 3.15 a.m. He could see nothing but smoke. 'Went for No. 1 Keel, which came immediately, and on returning to tbe place he with others brose tbe door open. Believed the fire originated near the south corner. The fire was extinguished by 3.30. Passed the premises a few minutes before the fire was reported to him, but saw nothing nnusuaL At this stage an ailfourruncnt was made until Thursday morning. Theateh Rotal.— ' Jane Shore,' with Jlrs. G. B. Lewis in the title- role, was repeated fcr the third time at the - Foyal on Tues day nigtit, to an appreciative house. The talented artiste played with great pathos and earnestness, and was called before the curUin several times. The performance to rsiiiht will be under the patronage of Sia Es rillency the Governor, Colonel Dowueu, ll&jor; i .olwin, Lieut-Colonel Alathews, lieut-Coiouel Fsraoy, sccl tbe officers and members of the Vvluutcer Force. 'White's Boost?. — There was a very gocd a'«i,i*BEc«? at this plice of amusement oa luesday evening1, when D'Arcy Bead's ghost fiitrrtamnient was repeated to the satisfaction f' t' rresect. A number of gifts were distci b .r=ii at tbe doae of the performance. 