SPIRITUALISM. The Rev. Mr. Stone delivered last night, in St. Andrew's Church, tho second of his advertised course on this subject. His special thorne was "Spiritualism: as viewed and judged in the light of the world's past history." Tho texts from_which ho proposed to speak were two : Luko xvi., 30 ; Gen. vi., 4. He recapitulated tho leading views of his last lecture. He had demonstrated by a series of telling extracts the anti-Christian tendency of those new revelations ; that through spirit and medium they were undermining and deliberately intended to undermine the Christian faith : first, by denying tho miraculous birth, tho true Godhead, and tho true sacrifice of a redeeming Lord, and dealing with Him as only a great or tho greatest medium ; second, by denying the distinct per- sonality and tho Divine existence of tho Holy Ghost ; third, by denying tho very being of a per- sonal God, or that it will long continue to be recognised as the intelligent duty of cultured men to acknowledge or worship a Divine Majesty ; and that prayer is even now known to be answered not by any living God, but by the agency of sym- pathising demons. He had shewn, too, that those revelations—some of them professing to come from the dead—speak of no Heaven, no hell, no resurrec- tion, no presence of Christ, no vision of God ; but that they tell of the unseen world as composed of disembodied spirits ; where, if pure, they enjoy a beatific Elysium ; if impure, in some lower sphere, dark and unhappy ; out of which thoy may yet emerge through repentance, needing no reparation beyond their present agonies, and hearing no voice of mercy from God, and dreading no summons to his judgement. It was being boldly proclaimed that the Christian faith was approaching its last days ; that the old revelation was now superseded ; that here at last "was this new thing in our midst that was destined to put a new soul into belief, and "usher in a resurrection day." Tho lecturer then proceeded to say that in commencing the subject of tho even- ing, thora wcro two manifestations, of lato very prominont, that he desired very emphatically to impress, as these would ho found to emerge, at tho close of his argument, as having been developed in the past in results fearful, unnatural, incestuous. These were, first-tho power claimed for spirits to fashion for themselves material bodies; second-the loose teaching in respect to marriage, and tho doc- trine and practice of spiritual marriage. In dealing with tho first he quoted from a Christian writing of tho second or third century, in which the grent spiritualist, Simon Magnus, affirmed that tho spirit of man can suck in tho surrounding air like a gourd ; convert this air first into water, then into blood, and then solidify that blood into human flesh and human body. This described the notion of spirits nearly as it was said to bo now-that, when ad- mitted into close intercourse with man and woman, they assumed not only human hands and human faces, but, drawing iuto iucorporatcd union with their spiritual essence material particles, exhaled from tho body and floating iu the atmosphcro, they fashioned for thomsolves, in somo cases, ontiro human bodies, and of an aspect fascinating and imposing. Bo this truo or false, it was wkloly bolioved in dark days gone, and was being vory earnestly proclaimed now, as one of the most important facto rediscovered in the ago of advanced intelligence. . He quoted from " The Angel's Message," depicting the fond intercourse between a young female and a demon representing the spirit of her mother; "She had received the ardent caresses of her loved spirit mother-she was palpably embraced. Plainly did sho perceive that ardent spirit of love ; palpably did she feel the living breath ; clearly did sho hear the whispering voico. Sho also received kisses on the forehead " He had received "during" tho Inst week a visit from'a lady,who related to him in detail a stance in Paris at which she was brought into contact both mental and bodily-with a powerful and mysterious in- fluence professing to be tho spiritual, in part the re- incarnate presonce of her dead husband ; and from the fearful fascination of this belief this' lady ' was rescued only by tho power of the word of God and tho grace of His Divino Spirit. Tho second manifestation so promiucut of lato was the loose .teaching in roapcot to marriage and tho doctrine ' and practico of spiritual marriage, that is .morriage with demons. About every inspira- tional book waa tampering with the subject ; trance mediums continually declaiming it ; and its frequent diacussions exercising on many minds a powerful . fascination. In tho very face of our Lord's express declaration, those spiritual teachers were proclaim- ing that tho marriago of malo and female is the great institution of tho lifo to como ; that every individual hero has ono in affinity, the separated half,, who will bo Lia or her spouso eternally ; that in the present timo there aro frequent mistakes . those who wero not spiritual affinities, if joined here, were unable to agreo, and livo in union ; this was no sin, but a mistako and a misfortune ; to be put right in tho spirit land, nay its correction might and ought to begin hore and now. Many spiritual. I ists wero going iu for free lovo. The Churches wera entirely in the wrong in asserting that their own rites were sufficient to constitute a marriage_ affection and affinity wore indispensable. I bolîeve that the adventitious saucity of marriage, derived from ecclesiastical ccremoniep, is doomed to bo ignored by coming generations. Of all tho mia. chievous inventions blasphemously ascribed'to the Almighty, I doubt if thero bo one more mischievous than the text which assorts that there is no'marriago in heaven." From this false theory there was emanating the still more fearful doctrine that the true spouses of many wero in the spirit land ; and that not only its preliminaries, but its consummation might bo effected in this, life, befort leaving for the spirit land. Many were reported as receiving visits and communications from the 'spiritual beings with whom they were to bo united forever. Hero was a book, "An Angel's Message," claiming-to bo conlmunicatious from a departed man-who affirms that ho had become an angel-to tho Euglish lady, his destined eternal bride. The rev. gentleman road some passages ; ho stated that the realization of all this had already so far ad- vanced, that the ceremonious marriage of a woman to a demon was a thing not unknown in the United j States, and he quoted somo lines from an inspira- tional poem by T. L. Harris, on Tho Spirit Marringa and tho voluptuous BVveetnesB of the Martiago joy, Having clearly set forth these two f acta beariugou the latest manifestations of this dangerous delusion the lecturer proceeded todispoao of a falsehood that stam- ped the character of all these revelations. Tho spirits declared themselves to bo spirits of the dead. This was a falsehood. These did not como back at the hour of death ; beforo leaving this world, it may be they wero permitted to take ono last look at dear friends, or haunts and homes long dear ; but once gone, the dead wero gone for ovor ; until tho Lord carne, aud they, in His glorious train caine baok, or till the last trumpet dragged forth unhappy souls to their linal doom ; that these spirits then were seeking intercourse with mon as the spirits of hus. band, wife, mother, or child, was a falsehood ; a cumiiug and crafty lia of hell. The Son of God had declared this unmistakably in the parable of the rich man and Lazarus. These spirits then wera lying spirits ; they never lived embodied on earth ; but that many of thom posaibly desired to do. Ho. related, j on the authority of Mr. Launig and Dr. lloiss, that ona of the familiar spirits was challenged in New York in the namo of the Lord to answer whether ho was a demon ; his reply was ".Yes." Ho was ^sked further aro all the com« 'munications ' of ' spiritualism from personating demon, Î" Answer-Yes." "In the namo of the Lora is the Bible-true'?" 'Answer-Yes. ."Tho Bible forbids necromancy und tho consulting of familiar spirits-which shall I believe, .you, or the Bible ! " Answer-tho Bible. '."Why tliou"did you toll ma tliat.it was useful and right to consult the spirits ?" Answer-becauseI(wished to deceive you. "In the nama of tho Lord, is there a good spirit, the spirit of a departed christian, among all those rapping and writing spirits ? " No-not one. There might bo intercourse with such spiritual beings ; all nations had accepted that as an article of their faith-possession in tho days of our Lord, the Python-inspired damsel of Phillippi-the lawa so stringent in tho word of God. "The soul that tunieth after such as liavo familiar spirits I will oven set my face against that soul, and will cut him off from among his people,-a man that bath a familiar spirit shall surely bo put to death, they shall stone bim with stones." Was not this very law an i.oxpresa declaration, ,not merely of the possibility, but of tho actual faot of such oonneo tiona ? Tho lecturer then discussed the meaning of the two Hebrew names, Clmrtttmmim and Shoelokh : the first, tho sacred Scribes, ho identified with the writing mediums ; tho second, a consultor of demons," one "havinga familiar spirit j " possessed by that spirit and iuspircd, or having that spirit, uudor certain conditions, in subjection or com- munion. These wera forbidden to live in tho church or in tho land of God. - Tho lecturer then took up tho caso of the Witch of Eudor ; showed that this word moans-aindor-"tho well of tho circlo"; and that she standing within this mngio circle and professing to summon tho dead,, called up from the nether shades a dark spirit, who foretold to the wretched king, that ho and his sons would bo in that wretched abodo with him on tho- morrow. .There was theil no warrant to bcliovo that a single departed soul hud ever returned from the dead tP warn, to reclaim, or to doom the living. What we were.dealing with under this now namo of spirit- ualism- or uicdiumship was in reality no also than a deliberato and concerted invitation of demons-of high intellect and,of low-to human familiarity and human friendship. It was no new phase of human 'experience. It had been all rehearsed, this fearful drama. In ono of its past ages tho world had already seen it begun in gilded delusion, and played out to its dreadful issues. That'ago was'the age before tho flood.-. "Thoro wcio giants on the earth in thoso dnys " ; but tho 'giants were not mon ; thoy woro Nephilin ; that is they were fallon beings, angels who fell from heaven. They aro named "Sons of God," that name over found only in four places beside ; and in nil tho four (Job i. 0, ii. 1, xxxviii. 7 ; Dan. au. 25) it designates angels fallen and Unfällen. Tlicso "Sons of God" then who entered into tho marriage union with the daughters of men wero nngolio beings by nature, but now fallen into a second and deeper npostacy. Tlicso were thespiritual affinities, with which excited womon, imprcasionate, bold, or sentimental, were led by doctrines as to marringo identical with those being promulgated in our own days, to contract what thoy wera induced to beliuvo woro predestined mid eternal union ; union not only carnal, but spiritual and elevating. But how could angels uecomo mon t iiavo not those modern revivalists ot nntcdehivian pollutions, havo tiley not taught us the reply ; the vory modo of tho formation of corporal bodies 1 The oll'spring of these unions of earth- born mid spirit-born natures was, as might be anticipated, as now and gratifiying as the combina, lion was new and fordidden. Sons who were giants not only men of superior staturo and prodigious strength, but of surpassing intellect, and a pride of Bcicnco that reared its head in presumptuous contempt of heaven, and the end of that infatuated career of spiritualism wo know, tho interposing vengeance of a long suffering and indignant God» Nature had broken its bounds, tho nature of spirits, tho nature of man, and destruction carno down on all, Tho giant offspring, tho kephaim aro now among tho lowest dead. Job xxvi, G. Prov, ii, l8, mid ix, l8. The angels that kopi-, not tbeirfirat catato, but fell into lloíhly Bins Uko tho sin of Sodom cast down to hades, aro reserved in everlasting chains in Tartarus, into the judgment of tho great day. Judo v., 0,7. 2 Peter, ii 4, G. And the race of man, debased with fleshly vieos and elate with spiritual pride, tho God who created swopt with a flood from tho polluted earth. Theso things of a part dispensation havo boen sot forth in tho living liage of God's word for an cxamplo on whom the darkening days of this closing ago aro como. Matrimony.-A Virginian preaohorthus delivered himself . frflln ' the pulpit on Valentines Day: " B'htbed Sisters an'Brudders, as dis am Walentine ob tho Benson, I teuk it will bo a good' pertunity to kompli wld an inquest modo to me' bout two weeks .go by a iuflucnzio.il sister to Itcturo on de 'notant subjick ob Matrimoney, an' darforo I shall distress youondat pint dis obening'. Do Stato ob Matri- money am konsidercd by sum do happiest State in de Union ,an' by oddcrs it am tort do wisee worsey. Sioty socnis diwided on do pint, nu' dose dat hab libeil in do Stato do lungojt am down on it, ai well as Jorsoy. What am ona man's moat am anudder man's pizin, so sez do DoolaraOuin ob Independence, an' so wo fin' all tru life. Do marrago tio am a berry fasunablo tie ; ao am no Do Orsay's tie, which tie de luck tio in dar ncikliaii'kerahos till dey am tired. De latter lass ouoy a day, but de former got you roun' do nook for all timo, till do day oh king- dom kum, 1 don't doo dat I kin '«plain do little ins an' outs, odds au' euds, ups an' downs, an' crosses obmatrimonoy, kaso, like do olo maids, I neber enjoyed do foolisity ob do married state." "Ono kind of a ship 1 always Bteor clear of," said an old bachelor soa captain, " and that's courtship" 'canse on that ship there's always two mates and no cap'n." A Gr.ouniA farmer waited till 300 bats had con- gregated in the gnrrot of his houso, and then he went at it and b.itllod tim wholo lot to death. No one ever gains any hats by hi ¡tig in a hurry " Tin: City of Health. "-If people only know the important part which tho tooth play in tho economy of hoalth, thoy would ho moro careful to preserva tlisin. This cannot bo dono moro effectually than by_ the regular use of Rowlands' Odonto, or Pearl Dontrifico, an elegant preparation, which prevents the decay of the tooth, and gives thom a pearly whiteness, at the samo time imparting to the breath a grateful fragrance. Tho gonulno Odonto has tho words A. Rowland and Sonh onfrravod lu rod on the Governmont stamp fixed on each box ¡buy only Rowlands' : sold all over the world/ by Chemists, druggist», baiaar, and- stor* J#"* ' ' .i, »."i\\.'.V ' 