NE WS AND NOTES. This day’s events: —D’Aroy’s Read’s "Ghost” entertainment. at the Alfred-hall; The Gem troupe, at the Mechanics’ Institute; opening of skating rink, at Academy of Music; meeting of farmers, at the football.'matches, atjthe Saxon and Greene’s 1 paddocks. \ j '-J Paul’s, the Rev. R. T. Cummins,’morning at 11, afternoon at 3, even ing at 7’o’clock; Ebenezer Presbyterian Church, the -Rev.-J.-Thomson, morning.at ll,,evening.6.3o. Ourradyertising columns notify that,,.the Ballarat, branch of the Australian* and : 'will ' -resume business this morning. The letter signed “ One Who Knows ” which appeared in these columns lately, in-reference to the statement made by the Chairman of tha t Water Com mission at its last meeting,- that no overtures had been made by Messrs’ Young 'arid M'Guigan to the commission for a settlement of the lawsuit, caused a 'lengthy discussion at the meeting of the commission bn Friday,night. Cr-Ferguson asked the’chairman again if it was. true that ho such .overtures were made, as mentioned •. in those letters,.'land Cr ; Morrison,in replying, said, after remarking that it was impolitic to take any notice of - anonymous,-letters, that-h'o was not aware of .anyj offer for, settlement!'..of 1 the base having been made.-. A full report of ; the discussion will be found in our'report of the meeting. \- We have received a latter, or rather portion of one, for the beginning is wanting; from MrrD.-M; Davies, M.LiA.; relative to the statement mads fay a’corre spondent'as to his (Mr Davies’) brother having got a Government situation as soon as- .he landed, from 'Europe. - For the reason'stated above we.are unable to publish the 1 letter, but 'we ■ may say that Mr Davies'states that there .is no truth'in the statement that his brother remained in .Melbourne, whilst the other,members of the family, came to Ballarat. Mr Davies says:—“l may inform your correspondent that I,do not.claim to possess such an angelic nature as; to be above’ doing what I- can for my own brother.' lam certain that even my political opponents who have sought fny assistance to get into the. Government ser-; vice, will testify that I have done what I could for them; and in' soma instances have been successful; arid certainly I shall not consider it a great sin to try and do as much for a brother if any necessity arise. But; ;what, in the name of; common-sense,’does any man hope to gain by making statement's so utterly untrue and unfounded !” Some interesting figures in connection with Lake Lake Wendouree will be found in our report of the Water Commissson meeting held on Friday night. ■ After a lengthy discussion, the debate on Cr Wilson’s .motion for the rescinding of the motion allowing minerswater at the rate of a halfpenny per 1000 gallons was postponed by the Water Commission on Friday night for a fortnight; The mover contended that the result; of the new regulation had been a falling-off of revenue, and the institution of a grossly, unfair scale of charges. After holding out for a long time against the desire of the people havirig, property adjoining the water reserves, the commission decided on Friday night to .have a report brought up as to the - probable cost of -having the trees pruned to a certain height, so that ■ the undergrowth could be burnt on the reserves. " , A youth, whose name we were unable to learn, met with a nasty acciderit- while playing football in the .Eastern Oval, on Thursday afternoon, having been knocked down and accidentally kicked during the game. ; The state into which the Melbourne main north road.has fallen in consequence of the want of; repairs at the hill leading up past the Woodman hotel, is a matter of great complaint just now among those who are compelled to travel over it frequently, and it is to be desired that the local body having charge of the road will do all in its power to properly maintain so important a road. . Considerable excitement was caused in the neighs borhood of Armstrong street at about 20 minutes past 12 o’clock this morning, by a woman clad in nothing but a white night-dress rushing along towards Sturt street, and screaming loudly all the way along. On arriving,.at Crawford’s corner she mat two con stables, into whoso ears she poured the wild tale that burglars. were breaking into her house in Armstrong street, near Eyre street, and she and two other females had had to leave the premises. The woman, a Mrs Nicholls, who seemed to taka no heed of the biting, frosty air, conducted the officers of the peace to the house, but they failed to find anything peculiar there save other terrified females in their night-dresses, hiding. like ghosts among soma outhouses. They were soon persuaded to re-enter the house, and the cause of the excitement is thought to have been nothing but strong drink. The Engineer-in-Chief and the traffic manager of the Victorian railways inspected the Gordon railway’ on Friday, having just returned from a tour of in-, speotion along the Hamilton line. We understand that Mr Stewart, an employee of Mr Laing, miller, of Ballarat, and Mr Taylor, recently employed by Mr Williams as miller, will commence operations at the Buninyong flour mills on Monday next. We have been informed that the committee of the Ballarat Ladies’' Benevolent Clothing Society are about commencing to make their usual yearly collec tion in aid of the above charity. As they have already found a much larger amount of destitution to be pro vided for than in previous years, they earnestly hope that the public will respond generously when asked for subscriptions to this deserving institution. The farmers of Rokewood and its vicinity purpose bolding their annual ploughing match on the 27th inst. near that town. At a special - meeting of the council of the School of Mines, Ballarat, held on Thursday evening last, the 19th inst., present—The Vice- president (in the chair),-his Lordship the Bishop of Ballarat, H. R. Caselli, J.P., J. Flude, A. Hoelscher, R. W. Newman, G. O. Preshaw, J. F. Usher, M.D., and W. H. Barnard, the following resolutions were carried:— That R. F. Hudson, M.D., and J. F, Usher, M.D., L.A.H.D., be appointed lecturer and assistant lecturer, respectively, on the subject of materia viedica. The Mount Rowan school was examined by Mr Inspector Holland on last Thursday, and gained a percentage of 86AI8. The following is the report:— “ The classes generally have passed a very creditable examination. Time-table good;; discipline good; records complete. lam pleased to be able to report marked improvement. The school now reflects credit on Mr Quigley.” A tneeting of the Burrumbeet and Windermere Ploughing Match Committee was held on Wednesday night at Comber’s Two- Bridges hotel; Mr D. Gunn in the chair. Present—Messrs King, Moncrieff, M’Lellan, Burrows, M’Cubbin, Mitchell, and Comber. Collectors handed in £7 2s. A new prize-list was made out, and judges appointed. The committee recommended that the offer of Mr H. Anderson, Windermere, be ac cepted for bolding the annual ploughing match. The ground is situate opposite the late Meat- preserving Company’s works, one mile from Windermere railway station. The State school 1739, Miners' Rest, was examined by Mr Inspector Holland on the 18th inst. 93 pupils were due for examination, but from the, perhaps unavoidable, absence of six, the percentage of passes was lowered from about 83 to 78. Seven boys and six girls in the fifth and sixth classes obtained certifi cates; and Miss Fisher, pupil teacher, passed in drill and the art of teaching. The inspector was well pleased with the school, and reports—“ Organization, good; discipline good; records complete.” The above result must be truly gratifying to Mr and Mrs Brady, the respected teachers of the school. A requisition is in course of signature inviting Mr Edward Murphy, of the Countess Company, to be come a candidate for a seat in the Town Council at the forthcoming municipal election. At the Smythesdale Police-court, on Friday, Ah Sue was charged before the mayor with fowl stealing at Watson’s Hill, and remanded until Tuesday. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes :—“ When we do agree, our unanimity is wonderful, and Sir Michael Hicks-Beach now stands in the proud position of having pleased both parties here in the matter of the ’ constitutional difficulty. There is, however, another party, the very reverse of insignificant, who hold the Higinbotham-Muriro doctrine, and contend that the embassy was wrong from its inception, as the Colonial Office have no right to interfere in mere local affairs, after conferring upon us, at our own request, constitutional government, based, on the English model. This latter party, for they are a party, point with satisfaction to the following passage in the de spatch of the Colonial Secretary in support of their views. ‘ I still felt that the 'circumstances do not yet justify any Imperial legislation for the amendment of that Constitution Act, by which self-government in the form which Victoria desired was conceded to her, and by which the power of amending the constitution was expressly, and as an essential incident of self government, vested in the Colonial Legislature with the consent of the Crown. It (interference) would be held to involve an admission that the great colony of Victoria was compelled to ask the linperial Parliament to resume a power, which, desiring to promote their welfare, and believing in her capacity for self-govern ment, the Imperial Parliament had voluntarily surren dered,and that this request was made becausetheleaders of political parties, from a general want of moderation and sagacity essential to the success of constitutional Government had failed to agree upon any compromise for enabling the business of the Colonial Parliament to be carried on.’ Sir M. Hicks-Beach, in fact, says, .. ‘ go, home i and mind your business; we have given you a constitution to enable you to work out your own ' political salvation; you came here with your thumb in your mouth like a whipped schoolboy, and wish me to interfere. I’ll do ate to blame; they h c k tble kind-, sees the essential gnaliK derat ‘ on ! “ ot thejpeople. are^ft: 1 Gentlemen, your embasa! ?! - ot for gross mcompetency 0 n ' dpll « Mol, ",N. so uncharitable as toen,? ,o ? ne K sentiments of a third m^ 86 ■ lt -’ Wst!? «»lti party will y et be heard of" 7 w ‘ he State It is painful ( Bajß th ‘ , 01 to record a death -SW.B'at such a case ha» ar?3^oa ) near Blanket Flat. ‘On at man named Ah a magisterial enquiry held K U ?u is hii that the Deceased’s mate staled ti-T? y starved , they, had lived occasionally a little sugar ke4 ia Water 2 1 Sneaking of the Ministerial R. f ’ Mall. Oatette says"Tha ■ 11 . spirit of such proposals T 8 hB “ Uo demagogue, as impatient as I tb « resistance to his projects an a “'Hdi^ 1 borrow foreign contrivS ? nd " ett iJSf * ‘mental Internationalist orfr™ 0 .? 8 *« S'* tinental despot than to" I”? a V? & Sntmh mint-mark from thertg?^ , It w ! bl be remembered (say, th . . " Clutli!l -" hands of private citizens, and ft tt,®? very cgmacant fact that the cartridl '' o the Kelly sympathisers from Mr street, were intended for the w„ V E E Hft concer nedin tho°aff * Q one of the Lloyds and the other „ ff “ r ’ unknown, but whose description “ tamed. As has already ba« IS* ,CCDr3 'djob tho past week the iSr R«- l 8 dntim tion for Victoria.’’ which a year. It is a modified l^« the names of every freeholder S. ““Wuc; more than £2.500, with the esfim.f a “W land, its class under the land tax u,!' and ” " eo! Us it is situated, &o.; The nublicltL panib “ *Hcl eating to owners of landed estates. l ° 85 The Acting-Treasurer, previous , reins of office to Mr Berry, has fsarsZ™/^ it; the gratification of firing another shot hae given the necessary six months’n t r“ i ’ IUI ! ‘- ciatedßanks of the termiuation of their'ar^ Ui> with the Government. What i, n. amo PERI giving this notice is not at present effect it will have may be S b «‘lh notice does not effect tL * the loan, which will be retained bv th. I l CCOMtci becomes payable in accordance wfih but it applies to the current ? C t ”" difo ; with the Treasury, and it means that thsi^v liflh hold themselves in readiness to h,K“ ,»T Government in six months cash to L ll * over a quarter of a million. Tha\LuJ“*“ Ui be the trading class, who mart Sat®' spending withdrawal of accommodation indirectly the whole community will’ Tradesmen’s credit is to go the aj t farmers, it seems. The A m sava-— ’’Tft, , 0 that the step has been taken only possible contingencies. TI8? " In Btm retaining the position o£ Treasurer, Lb Smith only does so (says the fferaldj toimUfcS vemenceofMrßerry, and enable that gsatleS get through an amount of work which ueedTlfi immediate attention in the capacity of Chief Secretin It is not unlikely, however, that Major Smith ifl resign his position of Treasurer about thebegfe of July, and Mr Berry will once more tdechsw this important department. Rumor also hu it'll,* the financial statement at the ensuing sessionoi Par hament ia to be made by Major Smith. We remind our readers that the skating rink win be open in the Academy o£ Music to-night. In St. Paul’s Church, to-morrow, the Eer, B.J Cummins will, in anticipation of his removj fna Ballarat next week, for eighteen! months, addra “ parting words ’’ to the congregation at tins a vices. The afternoon service (chiefly, but not air sively for Sunday-school teachers and scholar) rj commence at 3 o’clock. Special collections in aid and the church funds will be made at the three eenica. A lecture will be given intheEbenezerPrubjlmu Church, Armstrong street, on Sunday eveningbyth Rev. John Thomson. Young men are specially it vited. On Monday evening the congregation ot Si Mi Anglican Church, Ballarat East, will hats a nal gathering in the school-house, for the porpes and bidding farewell to their pastor, the Eer. ET. Cummins, who is about to leave Ballarat loti fe> The entertainment will be interspersed with a dab selection of music by the choir, and every meaohr been taken to make the gathering a success. A grand champion ploughing match, under th auspices of the Villiers and Heytesbnry Agricoitcn! Society, is announced to be held on the Fmlo Estate, near Warrnambool, on Wednesday, Idthldj next. The programme includes a champion m‘A with three prizes of £6O, £2o,and£lo; amatchcpeati all who have never won a prize in a champion natch, with prizes of £2O, £lO, and £5, and for boys rah fifteen years, with prizes of £5, £3, and £l. Eotei must be in the hands of the secretary not liter bi 12th July. The entry for the champion mitchu£l The first twenties of the Ballarat College md te; street High School met on Friday in the Sana pJ dock. The game during the first half was very entj contested, few behinds and no goals being scored b the second half the collegians had the advantagenj frequently put the ball bbind, while the school S not succeed in doing so once. Towards the no and the second half Ross, by a fine tick, scored fepl for the college, and Wright soon after placed p- No. 2to their credit. The game, therefore, rra.M in a victory for the college, two goals to nil. ia J school, Shirra,' Wallace, Angus, Jenkins, and W were moat conspicuous, while Ross, Boyd, np, Bushby, White, and H. Sutherland did good fats for the college. ■ The Ghost entertainment at the Alfnd-iuUssj to be gaining in popularity, if thB “ c ifH“ ance may be taken as a criterion. On rno J a very fair audience was present, and, judging J continued bursts of laughter, evidently P' j? satisfaction to those present. Saturday and evenings will positively be the last _oli ments in Ballarat. On Monday evemn o P“ ance will be for the benefit ot Mr DJf ’ the public are promised a monsterpro, occasion, particulars o£ which will - advertising columns. 