THE GHOST OF MOECAR'S TOWER, W . ' For three generations the direct fieir to the estate of Morcar's Tower has not succeeded to the property. The last owner, Sqhlre Fairfax, was a hale, jovial fellow and liad three stalwart sons, yet none of them lived to possess the place. The eldest was killed when Clyde's army relieved Lucknow ; the second fell a victim to the jungle fever that haunts the moist ricet fields of Central India ; and the youngest- it gives me a shocking' sensation in my throat even now when I recall his fate. The hero of the playing fields, stroke of the right oar in the most closely-contested races that Oxford ever won, he was a fa vourite everywhere, and the pride of Ids home. I can see him yet, with his laughing brown eyes, standing up against the crack left-handed bowler, who came assured of an easy victory for Steptonover Sfcepton-in-the- Fcns. There were some of us who thought, when he carried his bat, that greater triumphs must be in store for that ready hand, that watchful eye and cheery spirit. A year later, when a pleasure-boat went down in a squall, the only hope left was that he had not suffered long, for there was a dark bruise on the pale forehead when the body was washed ashore. His' father never recovered the blow, but died soon after his boy ; and thus it came to pass that I» a distant cousin, found myself the owner of Morcar's Tower. Che curse, if curse there still be, will be again fulfilled, for no children of mine will ever brighten the gloomy chambers of my new home. It matters not how I know this so certainly, for it is not my own story that I am about to tell. Suffice it to say that the hope was clashed out of my life eie I was thirty ; so that I abandoned my chosen, career and hid myself in a lonely cottage, thinking that, in a quiet life of a student I might find solace for my grief. When first I heard that the old To»er was mine, I wait unwilling to move from the abode to which I had gro a n accustomed, but on further re flection I decided that the effort must be made, and that I must not shrink from my,- new duties on account of the melancholy as- sociatious connected with the place. To the Tower, therefore, I went, taking with me the treasured volumes that were my only; friends. For obvious reasons I cannot give the true names of the localities I am abont to de scribe, but they will be easily recognised by any one belonging to the neighbourhood who i may chance to peruse this tale. ' Morcar's Tower was situated in one of the fattest districts in England. In old days, be fore cannon were in use, it must have been a valuable stronghold, for it was then sur rounded by a reedy fen, full of dangerous and . unsuspected depths, and only practised guides could find the narrow paths that threaded through the grass and rashes, ,x Gradually, however, the fen-land was re claimed, though the drainage was extremely difficult ; and a canal, more sluggish than any I had ever seen elsewhere, was cut ; across from the Ayder to the Deene. The / soil was rich and paid well; and at last a little town grew up, known as Stepton-in- the-Fens, to distinguish it from iStepton proper, or, as it was sometimes called, Stepton-in-the-Wold. This wold was no thing but a rise of the land on the west of - the Tower, and would hardly have been re- marked in a less level country. The Tower itself was more properly; a' keep, square and grim, built of dark red./f stone that took a purplish hue when wok Round it was a deep moat that on three sides Had been hastily and carelessly filled up. Yellow hawkweed and the straggling ragged- S robin grew in profusion d% &e; unequal sur- S face of the earth that had been thrown lposely into it ; I wondered greatly that my? cousin should have allowed this disorderly fringe of weed to remain round the house. I remember, however, that when my cousii - Frank had once proposed some alterations, Ms C father had replied with unusual sharpness. A that he did not choose to meddle with the moat. On the fourth side the ditch was its original depth, and a wooden bridge with a highfantastic raihng, crossed it where the drawbndge had formerly been. The walls 3 of the Tower were enormously thick, and the d interior was, consequently, somewhat" sombre. There was plenty of heavy old-'" fashioned furniture, but there were few & modern elegancies in the house. In the room that had been Harry's were two new easy-chairs, some engravings after Landsew, some pewters and cups — relics of the foot- races and sculling matches of his Eton awl' Oxford days. | On the ground floor were the dra wing and . dining- rooms, with two smaller apartments)' the bed-rooms were up-stairs, and the nor vants— I had but three— lived in some newer offices quite at the back. that projected from one' coiner of the To wo , partly lbause it was livht and cheerful, partly because I had us'd it when visiting my cousins hr my hoyhobd. ' The round , honlder of the; ffQ)'d euts tis ofl; early from j \- evening sun, undfrom the t arret windows j I .could . vffttob. the light being stolen from our Fens by the advancing shadows of the j fit-clad ri.riug ground. , I loye to ;see the last glitter die off the cana and irqm between the reed-beds, to wp.cch a lazy barge, perhaps being moored lor the night, a .grey heron oaring his way across the opal sky,, or a string of carts or a team of. horses going slowly: homeward — for no living creature moved quickly on the j Fens. „ ' .-..y ( i When all ,was still,' save that the frogs had | begun to .crpak among the rushes, I turned i to my books, and in- mystic volumes such as, the history of the ' Rosy Cross,' sought for ' counsels from men who, like me, had re solved to be alone. One night, when I had been about a fort night at the Tower, I sat up rather later than usual at my studies. A new Vista was opening before me, and I seemed to be on the point of reaching over that indefinable barrier that separates us from the world in which spirit is the known reality — a world whose laws must some day yield themselves up to our own mastery. I raised my head,1 and drew in a long breath of the night air that blew in at the open casement. While sitting thus, . pursuing an argument in my mind, the sound of a stealthy footstep on c the stairs caught my ear, and abruptly broke the chain of my thoughts. Irritated at this disturbance, I resolve to forbid the servants' coming np stairs so late, and then tried to resume my reading. - But the words on thei rige conveyed no meaning to my mind, and: found myself dwelling instead on that un wonted sound. Suddenly it flashed upon me—/ had not heard the step go away. My door faced the stairs, and only a very Small landing intervened. I looked at my 'Watch ; it was half-past one. Obviously, none of tee household had anv business up stairs at chat hour— had I heard the step of a burgle? i waa unarmed and beyond reach 0f help, for the bell in my communicated with. an empty part of the Tower, and I had not yet given orders : for its alteration. Hastily and -nervously Z locked my door, and listened long for a re- — P' but .not a sound came, and I feliasleep at last without undressing. Next tlSy I felt somewhat ashamed of the nervous- that had seized me ; for though I do not boast of any special amount of animal courage, 1 had never before experienced such Uneasiness. . I concluded that . my nervous System must be unstrung, and resolved to take more exercise than I had done of late. I asked the butler casually, if he had been top stairs late last night. Re was an elderly toian, and had spent many years in my cousin s service, and - 1 thought there was something strange in his look and tone as he replied, 'No, sir; none of us were up stairs.' A confused remembrance of a ghost story, came into my mind, told long years ago by a chance guest, and summarily cut short by the old Squire. Perhaps, the Tower was haunted, and the ghost was part of my in heritance ! I nesitated to. inquire, lest I should put the idea into the heads of the servants ; but as I had little, faith in the supernatural ori in of so-called ghostly dis turbances, I t.bok sundry precautious against imposture. I had once been a fair shot, so I opened a, long-untouched box and got out a 5istol that had laid there for two years, bis x cleaned and put away in my room. I Jben ordered that caudles should be placed there in addition to my usual lamp, and de sired that the bell should be at once altered. When evening came I sat down to my Work, and read with quite my usual atten tion ; but I could not recall the keen per ception of the previous ni ht. About one o'elook I felt my mind wander ing. in voluntarily from my book, although I had not been aware of the lateness of the hour until I looked at my watch ; a quarter of an hour later I heard a faint sound. I listened anxiously ; it was the same step as before, coming slowly up stairs ; the step of one who walks wearily — the step of a wo man, for I distinctly heard the rustle of a dress. I quietly placed the lamp so that the light would stream right into the passage, cocked my pistol, and as the footsteps coached the door I threw it open. There Was no one there. A sense of horror seized me. and I think t that moment I would rather have met any visible foe than have, stood face to face, as it were, with au empty sound. ;: Next morning Borjd lingered unnecessarily Id removing the breakfast things, and after glancing two or. three: times, at me as I sat Idly by the windiJtiej spoke. , ' Mr. Fairfax — excuse me, j sir— but you ' don't Ibok well this morning.' , 1 don't feel very yvell, Bond,' I replied. : 'Been disturbed, at night, perhaps, sir,' laid the old man, pointedly, . I "What do youmn?. j . Why should I. be disturbed at night?' ' Because you're the owner ofi Morcar's "Tower,- sir.' . i »' Then there is a story I don't know H I: fexclaimed, 'Go ancl finish your work, Bond,. 0 M not to let the women remark anything,, hlffi then cqme and tell me about it.' When I returned, Bond gave me a garbled Version of the tale 1 shall- presently relate in! the words of one immediately concerned ; but he added, that since the commission of the crime that gave Morcar's Towcr its evil 1 Hague, it had been haunted by mysterious footsteps. No ghoat had ever ben teen» but: these steps continually passed to'the door of' the room occupied by the owner, and: there 4 died away. My cousin, stout-hearted, prac tical man as he was, had tried .e very-room in< I the Tower, without .' escapinix' from - 'this- 1 feeble guardian and Bond thought ; ner vousness caused bythe nightly visitation had helped to bring about Mrs. Fairfaxes sudden' 4e#> - Had he been a richer man; the %Squire I WOuld have abandoned the Tower 3 biit= he COllld ill afford to do. so, anddn timo became- cciMtonied to the ghost. , Did none of my couvins eer hear of it V: I inquired. «¥es sir ; they did;- Mr. JaTfles and Mr. ffe nk each heard it before they left homed " y.: I-. ' ; for the last time. Mr. Frank told me him- J self, sir, aud said he thought it might be a$ sign he was never coming back. ' "And Harry T r . . J « ' 1 "Masted tf arify was to kh&fyouhger; t Hat ' I don't- think he rightly t ktottW the sfchryi Mr. Fairfax made the other "ybun gentiel men and me promise never to tell it to any one ; and Master Harry wasn't- tone to think of things of that sort.' T T ' Howdidthe others find it ' out ?' I Same- way as I' did/ sir ; by master changing his room so often. They got it oai of Mrs. Fairfax, poor lady, at last.' j ' Well, Bond, I suppose I can depend oil you to help me if I try to find out airythihg 'Abdntthe host.':,; ' - J <r j ' Yes, sir;. brut I'd advise y&i; tp le£vhxj r alone,' if I might be so + old.' t r j ! My good fellow, I can't go on living here ' without trying to understand this affair. If there is a ghost, there must be some reason for his or her coining ; and if 1 could disl cover the reason, it might piit a stop to these Visits.'" ; ' Well; sirj there's no denying that would be a good thing; but I doubt you'll find it beyond ydu to manage,' . - : At least I'll try, Bond,' said I, as he left the room.' ' \ That night I placed lamps on the stairs and in the passage that lead to them,, and1 made Bond sit tip there that he might notice" where the steps came from. I myself sat! opposite the open door of my room, with my! eyes fixed on the staircase. At a quarter past 1 one, Bond called out, ' as agreed , on, j ' It's coming, sir and. a minute later I dis tinguished the first footfalls. Slowly and; steadily they came np stairs, so that X could count the number of steps ; they crossed the ! landing, and the last one planted itself on : the threshold of my room; then there was; perfect silence. I teuddered and called BOnd, who came : white and trembling. ; Sir, the steps walked by me where I sat. ; I watched the lamp as you- told me, butr I I saw nothing pass between ine and it.' I ; don't know where they began ; they seemed to start at the end of the passage. Oh, sir, don't meddle with them, or you'll cbmeto harm !' ' I hope not, Bond,' I replied. ' I am Satisfied that there is no trick, and I must think whkt is tb be done next. Go to bed now, for I suppose we shall hear no more to night. ' r . ... ' '"No more, 1 sir, the Lord be praised 1 It only comes in a night,; if it were.ofteher, I doh't think anybody coqld stand it.' ; The old man evidently did hot like the notion of- a closer acqurinjfcaiiqb withjtlie ghost, biit riow that I knew exactly what happened, my. own nerves. were steady.'. 1 felt that here was' an opportunity' ; of testing some of "the theories m' which I. was most deeply interested and I resolved that Up effort -of : -mine' should be Wanting to proved tliem true orfalse. I believed in the power, possessed by a few strong wills, of influencing others at "a ffistance ; and my own Studies had- ' k customed me lio ' concentrate my thoughts, the first step towards exercising" such a power, if, as I hoped, it was latent in me. I had never heard of any attempt to. control a spirit by such means ; but the idea did not appear to me impracticable. Where so little is known, experiments axe of use, even though their results be only negative. If there is a spirit— thus I argued with my self — that wishes to commuircate with the ovner of this Tower, surely a reciprocal wish on his part might render the process easier. Again, the simplest facts of mesmerism show that one will cain control another ; surely a spirit, freed from human grossness, should be sensitively alive to every influence" exerted over it. It only remains to be proved' whether I can keep cool and steady if I succeed so far as to obtain obedience from the spirit. , Having settled my plan of action, I Tjegan by taking a long and brisk walk in the early" morning. 1 Before dinner I' confined my jreadin to historical works, but in the even'- iug I perused carefully a volume in which I had found, much curious and useful informa- ; tion on ihesinerisni. Soon after midnight I seated myself opposite my open door, having previously placed the lamp so as to completely light up the space before me.' ; Two rather ludicrous difficulties then struck me. In the first place, I did hot know j:he sex of my uuseen visitor. Bond's story would have led me to suppoie that a irian ; would haunt the Toiver, but there was' nothing mascnline in the entle footfall, or ihe sound of the trailing robe. "Secondly, I kn&W; that I must keep onh idea ' Steadily before me; yet , I: could hardly go on repeating the same 'formula, and I could not think without words. This difficulty, how- r ever, was a' very eleithehtary. one, ana would be easily overepmh by practice. T fixed my . cye3 on thie doorway, where1 this eyes of a , ' figure of average height would be, and sOon succeeded 'in making myself think an almost uninterrupted. 'Come !' j HnfortucSitely,' the hight was .boisterous , amd stormy; the wind sfereatned past the case-, ment, 1 and- s'«ept on, as if in hideous f ugue, ; across the gloomy fens ; Ijtrc as my senses grew ihore and more keen, ' ! did . not doubt . that X could distinguish ths tkpiii|r.foptst6pSj even throngh all this1 'etbrffi-niusic. ; Afterh while, the ffi!6bd miaved fkster In my veins, my eyes wefe unnaturally fixed ahd hot,, and'my breathiri?- was ' cdhbtrained ;ahd rapid,- asthotiglx .ever ffinsble' 'efe stiffened — a sentatibn ; tuite unffke the deep; .full inSpira&ttip;' of ' ; I shbuldnAteeaiited ho wgr/t was, the tension if ffiy Wm h po agiist of wffid nfae a gale the 'garep tong. .suddenly," Wliehrthe %i|jp vhich y" pkjrireki r- 'spdndd,;tor>thd s<df" b|tlrayeq to what a; -. ,V ,;it> ; i It was 'visit." I passed" my hand across my forehead « and eyes, nd at jt samp instant, . jdistffiqt tfirbugh tbe 'Wailiug qi tHe, wind, Iheardhe, y1 istauk footfall, , grasped, tlie arns of my- chair, ai/fiMt rpsfejin1 the 111 tensity of my; wi sh ; Vat' wlien xhq iste jis reached ;tbe,top ph. the stairs, sdmethmg seemed to iye way in . biy brain, the room and lights swam before, hiy eybs ;- biitas Fspi'kng up, thMy hgndk to; ifijr 'teto$l6iSf f#n6ie| T : W-.- pasRed before I oould-eheke toff thy lassitude sufficiently feqgo.fobefi ; but I slept sounal w, ! and, t© ffiy great satisfaction, found fchw, instead of being .fatigued, I was more acti vp than usual on the following day» 1 1 To Bond's inquiries I merely replied that I was carrying tout a plan that I hoped would succeed In time, but' that I could not giv Mm the deteils. .. V, -I It is unnecessary to .describe the experp ments of each succeeding night. I soon fopnd that the power of concentrating my will increased with every effort. On three occasions I saw - the- same shadowy outline , but on each a chance sound disturbed me, or irresistible fatigue deprived me of strength just when I most needed: it. At length I resolved to take one night's uninterrupted rest, and to begin my next attempt only a few minutes before 1, so as to have more power iu reserve when the critical moment should arrive. I was glad to find that I at tained almost immediately the required state of concentrated volition ; but I endeavoured to make my condition more natural than it had ever yet been. . I gazed more quietly and observantly at the spot where I hoped the spirit might appear, and made mesmeric' passes as if before a figure facing me. I As 1 o'clock struck, my senses grew more, alert ; never before had I felt myself pos-| sessed of such subdued and controlled; strength ; even my breathing became deepj and regular. I could not account to myself for these, novel sensations, but I was filled with a; buoyant delight which was almost ecstasy. . My hands, as I continued my passes, seemed: to feel an opposing force, as though I was drawing a weight towards me. There was! none of the former heat and excitement, hut- a genial warmth pervaded every limb. ; I knew I had power over the spirit if I; could bat keep myself steady. > At last it was close on the quarter, when I « heard the first step in the passage. I stretched out my bands in motionless com- ; mand and expectation. As the steps reached the, turn of the stairs; .the outline became visible once more ; it grew distinct, -came nearer/and pausing at the doorway, seemed to' tremble' and gather itself into the. form of a woman -in acl inging robe , who bent towards me with a look tiiat l shall never forget. She was very young,- and the misery on her face might have . 'made ' the hardest heart pitiful. In her eyes there was that abiding look of honor that sometimes remains after a great mental shock — a look impossible to describe, r but which . conveys its meaning instantaneously, '.. Her, mobile lips were parted, , and lier small hands tightly clenched at her sides. , ARhoni every feature was distinguishable, there was no semblance of humanity about her ; riie was a pale shadowy figure and the outline of her head and dress r mained tremulous,, a? though ready to melt" again into air.. , ; As she gazed- earnestly at . me I felt that she cbmmubicated her thoughts to a certain extent, and reacl mine , in this mysterious spirit-contact. I did not speak, hut I thought the words, ' Poor soul, I will aid you in anything you wish 1' A faint smile quivered over her face, and she bowed her head and beckoned me with one hand. Taking up a small lamp, I followed, while she passed down -stairs. Her movements were exquisite in its floating grace, and I re marked that her steps were no longer. I audible ; the sound of them was not needed now to plead for her. She led me along the passage to a deep "window overlooking the moat. Here she paused and pointed to a panel in the oak wainscoting ; I could see nothing particular, and glanced to Ward tlie spirit for further in formation. Again and again she pointed im periously to the same spot. I tried to speak, but my voice refused to come, so I thought the question I wished to speak. ' Am I to search here for something ?' ! Her smile answered me, and she then signed to me to open the window and come out. Placing my lamp ou the floor, so as to be out of the draught. I got Jover the low- rill and stood at the edge of the moat. The spirit floated a yard or ;two further, and pointing down to the ; ground, wrung her hands piteously. ' Did some nne die there ?' I asked in a jwhisper,ior I felt that my power was waning, |md it was no longer difficult to speak; The i bale bauds pointed to the breast of the' figure, which was already fading, as though her desire was accomplished. - m eff me,' I cried, flinging myself down eside her, I serch the panels and this spot, will you be at. rest 2 . T She bent towards, ine once more with a smffe of intense peace on her face, and melted out of my sight. , . . I Whether 1 fainted,, or, whether I fell into ijhe deep sudden sleep that sometimes follows mesmeric exertion,- L cannot tell, but when I came.to myself, day was breaking, and my ' llamp was jburnedouts below the open window. After breakfast/ gave Bond an account of ihy ad ventiire, and could easily see that the good old man thought my- brain was affected, i j You will help : me to search the pond, Bond; and that; will prove whether my story .'iji traeroroffiya dream,' said-I, I To the windoWwe accbrdingly went, and Bond inqffired'whefobr 'he Was i to bieak ' the 'wainscofo ! . , . ' h> j « Certainly not,' I, replied, f If there, is a Riding-place here, thete is some w ay of open- . ahg it, wiiich I; shalj jfind before I allow the'wood tb.be broken.' ? Iuch by inch I examined the. wood, and c compared , te mouldings carefully with ; those, bqthe other, sidp."; y attendant's in- 'cjreduiifcy ;+was so. 'ni/t, that; I should Igeafcly have pi;efevred .te prosepute. the Asfearch >lope, but by,dbing:so . I. should have rlost timony of an additional cyq- witnes to .the discovery ! felt certain of making. After ajlong, and pajaclf Scrutiny 1 found, in the M rerqprner of the pghql, a inch or so of: .arioiilding that fitted into Jliq rest. Another parfcer of an lioin passed . ere, by a chance Tiovement/ JL gave., it the turn required to jjkjosen iti , VVhqp ;it oamg out and . showed a j spring concealed t below it, my excitement »\va8 yery greand.Bqpd. . himself begmi to Mow the feeling, nurripdpff for oil with . wMcVto clean the rqaty metal. .We soon dco.vered t|e ,seQrct of te bolt, and a por- of the panri sip baek clo w the mould- 4 " " ' . 4 ' Ju V- ' r i ' ingi revealing a smatl recesB in wMch by , teU tof fllattttfltorlpt tiefi « lth a ffiacj. 'Dutt and damp had made the Writing cult tO decipher ; hat when the Bad hiStOry lay spread before me, I decided to jpve it.to the >rld, along with an account of ffiv meip meric experiment. I have modernised the spelling, and supplied a few obvious words that were either blotted out or illegible ih the original. The date was eaten away hup; from family papers I kno v that it must have been August, 1778. The manuscript ran as fo lows ; — . j 1 1 am going to write down what has hap pened It may be that no one will ever read what I write ; but, should this paper fall: into the hands of any pitiful persons, surely they will grieve for us. < Mr. Fairfax is a bad man. Heaven for: give me if I ought not to think him so 1 but I must needs say it here.- My father says he is not worse than his neighbours, and that it is the habit of most gentlemen to dnnk and swear in his fashion. If it be so, it is an ill thing for women that have to bear therewith. My father is a poor curate 14 Stepton. He has as good blood m his veinq as Mr. Fairfax himself; but then he is very podr. as 1 have said My mother and Mrs. Fairfax were friends ; and when Mrs. Fairfax; died my mother took charge of the little baby she left, along with me. That baby was my Harry— Harry Fairfax of this Tower of Morcar. He and I learned our first les sonja together from my mother ; and when we grew older my father taught us both. Old Mr. Fairfax took but small notice of his son. He was usually hunting, or quarrelling with some neighbour, or having drinking- bouts at the Tower. I will say it again— he is s bad man. I fear him much, he looked so big on his black horse, and he had & rough, voice. I remember how Harry and I were gathering rushes to plait one day when he rode up on the narrow path that goes down to the white inn. The willows and rushes, were high ; but the black horse « as so much! taller that we could not hide, as we sought; to do, Mr. Fairfax called out with a strange' oath that sounded loud and terrible, and jeered at Harry for playing with the parson's brat. Then he rode on ; and Harry was in ar great passion, the like of which I had not seen; before.- When I was fourteen my mother diefij and thereafter I had to take care of our; house. Harry always came for teaching from ' my father ; but he looked older than 1 did, ; for I had no money to buy myself new clothes, and I was forced to continue in childish frocks when I might have worm gowns. At last an old and good friend of my father sent money wherewith to provide me with sundry needful things ; and I re member that I waa vexed because, when he saw me in my new attire, Harry did not kiss me, as was his wont. He loved books greatly, as did my father ; and he hated wine and oaths, and all the evildoings of the Tower. Mr. Fairfax was angry, and called him a clerk ; but he did not interfere with him. And by-and-by he loved something more than his books, and I could not believe that it was so. But it was true ; and no creatures were happier than we when we sat among the osiers and talked of what we would do by and by. Father was sorely troubled when tiarry told him ; but he was always reading, and had not time to think much of us. Besides, he loved Harry as his son, and all the more because he would not join in his father's wicked ways. We were Just twenty when Mr. Fairfax bade his sod marry a young gentlewoman, whose father would dower her with certain lands that ad joined those of the Tower. When 8 arry re fused, his father's anger was terrible ; but as he gave no reason for his refusal, Mr. Fairfax let hipi go, thinking to persuade him in time, and. with softer words. He, however, made speed to our house, and demanded that my father should marry us privately. This he would not hear of at first, though. Harry urged it, saying it would be his safety — that Mr. Fairfax had even said the damsel's brother should call him out did he slighther. ' He spoke so earnestly that at last father consented to make the needful arrange ments, aud we were satisfied. Alas 1 while he was absent, some rumour had come to Mr. Fairfax's ear, and when Harry re turned home he was made a prisoner in his room, and only allowed . to issue from it for his meals. Mr. Fairfax, thought to tame him, but he knew not that there was a de vice whereby he might be baffled. In bygone days, when Harry was fain to escape from noisy guests, he would slip out at the passage window ; or if the brawlers were, too near the stairs for liim to pass, he. would let him self down by a rope cunningly . made fust to an iron bar that was across his own window. A thin and narrow plank was concealed below the grass at the edge of - the moat, being held by rope-loops to two pegs : knocked into the bank. Once across the ditch, he was free, for the gentlemen were too busy within to spy him. Now, how ever, his father was always on the watch, fearing least he should escape. We should have been in sore straits had we not had one friend among tho servants— old Betty — who had seen my Harry born. She sped away ' to me with a message, bidding me to come ; at dusk, and Harry would meet me in the willow thicket across the moat ; further rthan that he dared not venture. ; Was I.wvong to go ? I thought not ; nay, 'I still think that 1 was right. Since the 7 night; that Harry put his signet-ring - upon' ;my fiuger I have belonged to him; How, ' then,, could I dispute his will? Moreover, : he was in his need. Therefore 1 went. ' When it was growing late, so that it be- hoved me to return, he led me to the edge of thq thicket and kissed me ; and that was 'our very last kiss on earth; and yet I knew .it not. I would I had known, that I might . have staid to perish with my love. I .hurried along the darkening path, bat before . I had gone far 1 heard an angry Voice that seemed to be that of Mr. Fairfax;. I feared greatly for Harry, but I dared not turn back lest I should be seen and %.cause worse trouble, since it might well be '.that Mr. Fairfax was only speaking to some groom or labourer. All night I could Biot < sleep for terror, and next day news was s .brought to. ray father that Harry had dis- appeared. The country was searched for him, bat I -hnqw he was dead, for bad he been alive ' " \ 1 ! he would have found means to have relieved my4Mixiety." . ' Idr. Fairfp? shut himself up, and drank H hard, and after a fe days he desired that H the moat should be filled up. jR ? The work was begun, and that night I H knew the reason. |H Again old Betty came to me, white-faced 9| and aged by many years. She told me the. B horrible thing that has never since been out B of my thoughts. I see before me day and B night, the moat, the darkening path, and B my Harry as he stepped off the plank mid B saw his father standing before. Old Bettv B could not tell me what had passed, but Mr B. Fairfax had seen me, for she heard my name. |R - 4 After many furious words, Harry said B 1 clearly, ' I never will give her up f Then— B - then— that cruel man struck him hard on B the temple with the handle of his heavy B hunting-whip. Barry fell back into the S moat and he never rose again, Mr. Fairfax B knelt at the edge and called him hoarsely B and when no answer came he rushed into the B house. ' Betty was too terrified to say next day B what she had seen, and I — can I give up |B Harry's father to punishment ?— I who have IS been the cause of my husband s d. ath?' EH The writing here became unsteady and in. B distinct, as though the poor girl's mind had begun to wander. It is legible on the next |M leaf. ||1 II ' People look at me strangely ; they |f thought I: djd not hear to-day when some 111 one said I was mad. Am I mad ? No I lam 18 sure 1 am not; my brain is quite clear, (fi clearer than ever, and each thought is as KB bright as if it were written in flame. I know S what I am going to do. The moat is not B half fall yet, bat in a few more days there H will be no room in it. I must get Betty to B hide this paper for me in Harry's panel cup- 9 board ; she taught him and me the trick of it ll long ago. I will not tell her why I want it IE hidden to-night— oh no ; she might be afraid 1J| if she knew ; and I must be quite alone, too. SH Mr. Fairfax is drinking— always drinking. I fl am going to punish him ; he shall have to B deaths on his soul— two — two. God will B never forgive him as much as that. B ' I shall be safe with Harry ; if anybody B finds this they need not be afraid for me, I B will fasten a stone over my heart, that the B. water in the moat may hold me down tight B till I find him. B ' I will sign my own name to this— my B 1 name, that no one can rob me of now. B ' Prtscilla Fairfax,' B I determined, after reading this sorrowful B I tale, to have the moat carefully searched at B i the spot indicated by the spirit. That there B , might be no lack of witnesses, I invited both B i the Doctor and the Curate of Stepton to be B j present. After reading the manuscript, they B ; were to the fall as anxious as I for further B ! corroboration of its story. We knew that the B 1 Fairfax mentioned in it had died suddenly of B I delirium tremens, and probably the work of B : filling in the moat was then discontinued ; B j for, as I have already remarked, it was of its B ; original depth on one side of the house. As B i the workmen approached the bottom, they B dug slowly and carefully. Complete success B rewarded our efforts ; for we found the de- 111 cayed and broken bones of a woman. 11 j The Doctor gathered them up with his own Iftj hands, and in doing so, turned over some of Eg the earth, and espied, sunk in what had been II soft mud, a heavy signet-ring bearing tre Eg Fairfax crest . Encouraged by our dis- II coveries, I then gave orders for the whole of If the moat to be cleared, in the hope that we 11. might find the remains of the poor youth IS who was so cruelly murdered. II We inferred from the manuscript that his B ; room must have been at one of the corners B furthest removed from the hall ; and our con- B jecture proved true. We found some bones, R singularly perfect considering their age, and Iff two or three metal coat-buttons. The latter IB 1 1 have placed with the ring and manuscript B in a cabinet. To the bones we gave decent B burial, depositing them all in the same grave. B Since that day no midnight footsteps have B approached my chamber ; and I trust that If the nneasy spirit has found rest through the If discovery of her fate, and that nothing more If „ will be seen or heard of the Ghost of Morcar's If Tower.—' Blackwood 8 Magazine.' If 