Notes on Current Events. Germany and Austria have signed a treaty ?abrogating a clause in tho Treaty of Trague {respecting tho cession of a strip of Northern Schleswig land.'nnd insodoinghave set their seals to >tbe most disgraceful transaction to which Prince Bismarck was overaparty. Th© Schleswig-Holstein \ question was notoriously most complicated, aud 1 it was said that only two German professors under- stood it. There was, however, a general cou * eensus of opinion that the duchies were part of the German empire, and certainly they were ;:for the most part inhabited by Germans. , Therefore, it was part of the unification of Germany for these provinces to be ; incorporated in the Bund. Austria and Prussia, in" 18(35, by force took both duchies from Den mark, and then quarrelled over the disposition of the spoil. Prince Bismarck usod the episode to further his own grandor schemes, and Austria found that sho had been a mere catspaw in his 1 hands. She endeavoured to secure the retroces- sion of certain districts in Northern Schleswig, '"W^ich were peopled bj- O.mes.to the kingdom with 'which they were connected by every tie of affinity ! and friendship, and .though defeated in war, a clause / "was inserted in the Treaty of Prague by which \ Prussia bound herself to give up these districts. ? Prince Bismarck has treated this clause with j complete indifference, and instead of yielding this \ itrlp of Danish land to the Danes, has compelled ' the children to use the German language in the / âohçolfi, and Ja other ways bas trampled upon their national sensibilities.""' His only tribute to the sacredness of treaties has boen this final act of abrogation. It is evident that his disregard of the plighted word of the Sovereign bas disturbed some- body's conscience, andas an easy manner of satisfy- ing conscience, the promise has been repealed in- stead of fulfilled. An explanation is now afforded of the "coolness" which was said to exist be- tween the Courts of Berlin and Copenhagen. It would be surprising if the King of Denmark felt otherwise after such shameful violation of Bolemn pledges, and after the theft of a part of his kingdom. Taken in connection with the re- cent marriage of Princess Thyra and tho Duke of Cumberland, who still maintainshis right to the throne of Hanover.it is to be feared we have not heard the last of the Danish difficulty. The "Kellys have murdered three or four police^ men by open violence, and, if they continue at liberty much longer, they will be responsible for the death of a number of harmless people by the fatal influence of fear. "We would not insinuate that any of the Victorian policemen will 'give up the ghost through this cause, but it is quite possible that some of the bank managers wilJ. A case occurred recently at one of the coun- try branches of the Bank of Victoria, which illustrates the extreme danger of the present con- dition of affaire. A middle-aged gentleman of timid disposition had been sent up from Mel- bourne to take charge of the brancn, and he was fully resolved to defend his charge with every drop of blood in his body, lie was a prudent ma», had known something of military tactics as a volun- teer, and therefore he made his dispositions cau- tiously. Firmly convinced that the Kellys would come, be sat in the bank with two revolvers in his belt, and one full cocked in his hand. His assistant was also armed with revolvers, and a policeman patrolled the place continually. As an additional measure of precaution, a piece of twins was passed round the arms of the manager aud the clerk, that they might communicate instantaneously and silently. The Saturday after the bank was closed a loud rap was heard at the door. The twine was twitched, and the manager made sure the hour was come. He made the policeman cover the door with his rifle. The clerk stood on the counter with two revolvers pointed to the door, and the manager, with a revolver in orle hand, opened the door an inch and j a half with the other. " Who's there ?" he asked, ! in a loud voice, but not without a quiver of j emotion. Instead of the reply of Ned Kelly and four comrades, a shrill squeaky voice replied, I " Missus says the dinner's ready." Such shocks would soon undermine even a strong constitution, and we learn with satisfaction that the worthy i manager has been removed to the safer precincts I of the bank in Melbourne. No question presents mare difficulties than the treatment of prisoners under heavy sentences. Uow far should justice be tempered with mercy ? It may safely be asserted that the pardoning power of the Crown may be safely used when there are grave doubts of the justice of tho sentence, and ill-health of the prisoner may also favour leniency. Such a case has been brought before the authorities with a persistency that commands respect by the sister of the unfortunate Burdett, who was sentenced to seven years on the testimony of the notorious Phoebe Hanks. The case was a very curious one. Phoebe Hanks's words were quite unsupported, except by the most doubtful medical testimony of a circumstantial character, based entirely on what the girl stated; and, fuither, if Burdett was guilty of any crime, hts accuser was a willing accomplice, and there- fore her testimony was exceedingly questionable. Nevertheless, the jury convicted, and the judge gave a severe sentence. Next day another case was tried, in which the evidence was, if anything, stronger, and the jury rejected Ph cebe Hanks's testimony and acquitted the man. Howlett, who confessedly induced Hanks to commit her share of the crime, was sentenced, and has since been liberated. He has made a solemn declaration that Burdett was innocent of the charge brought against him ; and he had tho best means of knowing the real facts of the caso. Burdett has served the greater portion of bis time, and is reported to be utterlybroken down in health,and would leave this country for some tropical clime as soon as re- leased. Thusthecttse is one inwhichthe prerogative of mercy might be used without danger. Without pronouncing au opinion that the verdict waa un- justifiable, it certainly contained elements of doubt which might well induce' the Colonial Secretary to lend a favourable ear to the petition nf the prisoner's faithful and persevering sister, backed as it is by the signatures of A number of medical gentlemen who take a different view from that of their brethren who gave evidence at the trial. Lord Augustus Loftus is to ba succeeded by Lord Duff erin as ambassador at St. Petersburg, The popular ex-Governor-General of Canada is one of those statesmen who cannot be spared from the service of tho country whichever party is in power. Tho choice of the Liberals was justified in his success in the trans-Atlantic dominion; and we have no reason for thinking that the choice of the Tories will hot be equally justified in the success of the new ambassador. Although international relations are governed more every year by natural forces, a good ambassador may do much to preserve friendship between nations. Lord Loftus bas always been considered a good servant of the Crown, but it was not his work or his tact which saved the two empires from the horrors of war. Had it not been for Count Sebouvaloff's good judgment, we might be lament- ing all the disasters which befall even the victors in a struggle. Lord Dufferin is a horn diplomatist, nnd we may hope that his brilliancy, his courtesy, and his tact, will enable him to place the relations of England and Russia on a much more friendly footing. His work will not be so much before the world as it has been whilst he occupied the yice-regul throne of Canada ; but it will be more important, and will call for the exercise of even higher moral and intellectual qualities, ?J The account which we published last .week lqet of a most extraordinary and disgusting funeral at- St., Leonards,- drew from Dr. . "Ward a letter, stating that he was the medical man called in to view the. body, and that be declined to give a cer- tificate as to the cause of death. He is of opinion that a coroner's inquest ought to be held, and so must every intelligent man be who values the pro- visions devised by our forefathers for the protection of the person from violence. We have waited ex- pecting that the coroner or the Government would take some notice of this definite announcement by this most highly respected medical man, of his inability to give a certificate of the cause of death. We submit that the case is one which ought not to be neglected, and not only the particulars relating to the death of Bul I i vant should be inquired into, but also the conduct of tnecoroner, in declining to fulfil his very obvious duty, ought to be investigated. It is not by any means the first time we have had to call attention to the indifference of coroners to the duties for which they are paid. Is there something wrong with our system, or is it that unwise appointments are made to this responsible position ? Tho disgraceful row on the cricket ground on Saturday must haye caused pain to everyone who loves the fair fame of Sydney. Whatever be the rights or wrongs of the case, it will go forth to the world that the English Eleven we»e mobbed by Sydney larrikins when they were playing a win- ning game. There were good ~ grounds for objecting to the umpire, and even the English- men felt that be ought not to have acted as umpire when he was generally believed to have heavy bets on the result. The whole arrange- ment of having a person of unsatisfactory sport- ing antecedents, eent by the Melbourne Cricket Association to act as umpire for the Gentlemen of England, waa one which Lord Harris and his companions ought to have recognised to be unsuitable. That, however, should have been settled before the match, or at any rate by friendly consultation bötw.een the two captains. No justifi- cation whatever can be pleaded for the rush on to thegroundandtheiil-treatmentofour visitors. Such conduct willlead those who read the account of ttiese proceedings to think that the people of Sydney are little better than the natives of the New Hebrides. Not that the low fellows in the pavilion, or tue wretched little larrikins who were stirred up by them, in any sense represent anybody but their own filthy selves ; but at a distance it will be difficult to understand how such a row could arise when large numbers of respectable citizens were present, and Sydney will receive the discredit that ia due mainly to the few who.simply use cricket as a means of exercising their invete- rate betting propensities. It is useless to expect good management from the Cricket Association; but, at least* we might look for the suppression of the loud and open betting in their pavilion. The disturbance on Saturday was caused by some well-known characters, who know move about carcases than cricket, and it is high time that the Association took some steps to pro- tect the good old game from being controlled by well-to-do rowdies, whose minds are inflamed by coutinuous and heavy betting. L*Empire c'est la paix, said Napoleon the Third. La République c'ett la paix, says President Grevy. Perhaps Napoleon wished to rule in peace, but the traditions of his house forbade it. "Napoleon" was a magic word to conjure with, among the soldiery and the peasantry of military antecedents, but the magic had to be maintained by sacrifices to la glorie. The downfall of the Second Em- pire dated from the unsuccessful expedition to Mexico, and when it was found that the legions of Prance were no match for the armies of Germany, nt once . the whole power of the Emperor crumbled into dust. The Empire could not mean peace, and it had not the vitality to mean continued supremacy. Will Pre- sident Grevy's boast prove any more reliable? Will the llepublic mean peace P Certainly none of the traditions of Conservative republicanism are against it. : The red republic is fiercely propa- gandist, but the present French republic is as far from the red republic as it is from the despotism of the Bourbons. The republic is. the most peaceful torra of government, but tho real question is, Can Prance forget and forgive? Can she .join hands with the victors of Gravelotte and Sedan, with the warriors who forced an entranco into her'own beautiful capital P Por the present, perhaps, the thoughts of revenge are buried, but it would take very little to arouse them, and then Empire and Republic alike would be powerless to allay the war spirit among so high- spirited a people. There can, be no mistake about it that the Kellys have crossed into New South Wales, and have commenced their depredations by a daring raid upon the.branch bank of New South Wales at Jerilderie. Il will be a lasting disgrace to New South Wales if there" is a' long/delay in their cap- ture. The inefficiency of the Victorian policé arrangements hus beena matter of general com- ment, and we shall be convicted out of our own mouths if our police department does not show its vigour by a'speedy capture. Much bettor will it be to take steps which prove to be largely in excess of the needs of the case, than to be wanting in a single particular. We have had long enough warning, and it will bs inexcusable if our southern police force proves to be in no better state of preparation than their brethren in Vic- toria. .The Kelly gang consists of only four, or possibly six, men ; but they have proved them- selves sodaring, and have BO completely set the laws at defiance, that the whole power of the Government may well be exerted to crush them and bring them tb justice. Lord Harris^ letter to the daily press is a straightforward answor to some of the objections which have been raised to his umpire. Any betting interest in the result may be regarded, after the declaimers which appear, a ground- less charge ; . and we can only regret that the English gentlemen were saddled with an incompetent umpire. Lord Harris's letter implies that the Melbourne Club authorities were not very certain of Coulthards abilities, and subse 3vient events have more than1'confirmed their j oubts. Had Mr. Gregory objected to him before the match, commenced, or had he objected to blao doubtful decisions when given in favouVof the? Australians, the difficulties might have beeh avoided; but certainly we have been disgraced b£' the discourtesy of some of our cricketers, and by! the violence of the mob when our representa» ' tives, were being beaten. There certainly ' seems something like- retribution ia <ha., collapse of the New South Wales Eleven On Saturday they were being defeated, Mondai they were 'fouted ; "and all accounts concur iii . testifying to the admirable bowling and fielding ' of. the visiting teanù It is scarcely necessary fe say that, though wo do not admire their Melbourne, * umpire, we recognise the high qualities of the English gentlemen, who have shown that they caa. meet on more than equal terms the best men wet ' can bring against them. I - Our new Governor comos from a family whictt can trace its descent from good Saxon parentage; to the earliest days of English history. It ie aaidï that his ancestors were of consequence in the pre-, sent county of Yorkshire in the days of Alfreds Their name is a bit of pure unaltered Saxon-^' Looft-hus, meaning house with a loft or uppefr!1 story, so it is probable that they were among the-: first of the Saxon Thanes to have a two-storied" house. Although belonging in ancient days to the north of England, the Loftus family haven been settled for three centuries in Ireland, and the», head of the house takes his principal title from, his Irish castle. The founder of the Irish family* was an Archbishop^ Armagh and Lord Chancel., lor of Ireland at the end of the sixteenth century./ The Marquis of Ely, who is a nephew ot Lord.! Augustus Loftus, is Marquis and Earl of Ely ia, the irish peerage, taking this title from Ely Castle,., county Fermanagh. He is Baron Loftus, of Loftus Hall, Wexford, and also Baron Loftus,. of Long Loftus, Yorkshire, in the peerage of the United Kingdom. Lord Augustus is", therefore^, an Irish lord by courtesy only. The motto oE bis. house has a pleasing approprialeness to hissojourru. here-Prend» moi te! que js nuit. " Take me as I am." As his lordship has been appointed our Governor, we shall take him as he is, and make the best of his abilities and his virtues, lemember ing at all times that he is the representative of our gracious sovereign. It may interest our lady readers to know that Lady Loftus is the daughter of Admiral Greville, and' is thus connected with, one of the historic families of England. " It is a promotion for Sir Hercules Robinson tb go to New Zealand, but he will ba sorry toleave-; Adelaide." The above start'ing announcement startling in the intensity of its absurdity and the profound ignorance of colonial affairs displayed by the writer of it-is taken from no less an authority than the Home Newt, date December 20. We had* always regarded that paper as well informed upo», colonial subjects, but fine's faith can scarcely stand the strain made upon it by such a double-baTrelled shock of geographical hetero- doxy as is fired off in the statement quoted. Two*, gross blunders in one short sentence is an unusual accomplishment in Australian geography, even for- an English paper. Adelaide the capital of New South Wales! We would not be at all surprised' to hear after this that Sydney is the capital of New Zealand. And then how about the promotion?" Let us charitably hope that the editor of the Netov was away for his Christmas holidays, and acci* , dentally took the pocket geography in his pocket with him. Talk about going abroad to hear news;, if the Home News scribe went further abroad he» would, perhaps, be more at home on the subject of the Australian colonies. It is not only in the Legislative Assembly tbafc representatives are somewhat neglectful of th»-, duty of punctuality. The aldermen frequently cause much unnecessary trouble and expense by' coming late, and thereby causing important bue^ ness which stands in their name to be 6ttuck off the paper, and be delayed until a subsequent", meeting, involving fresh notice and fresh printing. Our new mayor shows himself admirably flttei for the task of presiding over the deliberations of tho aldermen. He sets a capital example of punctuality by taking his seat at ll o'clock, tothft-' moment, and it would be well if the aldermert" followed his lead. On Tuesday morning, Aldermans Young neglected to appear at the right time, an*; then wished his notices restored to the paper afc" the end of the proceedings. The mayor verjr properly declined to allow this, and by firmness* of this kind he will do much to facilitate thd business of the council. Doubtless it is incon--, veuient for gentlemen with important business^ engagements to be present at the exact moment] of. the commencement of the proceedings, but it they have undertaken nldermanic duties, they aTe»¡ bound in honour to fulfil them, even at the cost ot personal inconvenience. The Captain Cook statue committee bave met-' withmauydiiiiculties,and amongothers havefoumi that Sir Hercules Eobinson basa will of his own* that is-not fo be bant by their expression of opinion. His Excellency declined to nssiet ot tbe unyeiling the statue .at noon, and suggested fr o'clock, and all the persuasions of successive depu- tations hare,only persuaded him to yield half aw hour. As a great concession, he will come out of, his retreat at half- past 4. We cannot say that his Excellency has exhibited hiB usual* consideration for the public, for this late hour will undoubtedly lessen the popular character of th*ceremony. Andas Sir Hercules bas so ofter* been at the racecourse and the cricket field at all" hours of the day, it would not havo beena great departure from his ordinary habits to Btnnd under a substantial canopy for a short time even in the* middle of the day. Another difficulty which is* perhaps as serious, is the inability of the com- mittee to find room in the enclosure for suburbnr*, aldermen. Think of I suoh eminent dignitaries1 being left out beyond the barriers among the com- mon herd 1 Considering the combative instinct»1, of some of the municipal fathers, there is xeoeoEv to fear that this indignity will be resented in a for- cible manner. Perhaps", after all, more suitabler individuals even than aldermen could be found to» do honour to Captain Cook. For instance, there«, is nn exquisite appropriateness in a number ot, little girls oí tender years singing Jlule, Bri "tanais," in honour of one of England^ manliest \- sailors. ; ', . . ? : . , ., 